/,DDJT,'a.'youiig country such as ours tho 2 'one question which overtops all others 'is the land question. The possession ; of a' large landed estate as yet unap propriated, or only very partially ap 'propriated, is the marked feature in ? our condition by which we are distin-; guished from older communities. If j, properly applied the influence inherent ?4,in '.this possession is incalculably great; -It may be ? made to attract people to pur| ? shores. It may be made to attract capital and enterprise, and thus to, be y'coihe the' fruitful source of productive V industry. It may be made to sustain ?' credit, and to impart a consciousness of inherent vitality which will encourage i! ils^to entertain a, great hope of future .achievement in the work of colonisa ,,tion. It: is certainly calculated to.'W ..cite the noblest enthusiasm by apercepi . tion of ultimate possibilities, yet these ? hopes and aspirations. are subject some ! 'times' to the keenest disappointment! The., tide of progress ebbs and flows, ? : and we seem of ten to have lost where we thought that we had gained. i ...Mr.' Alien, we think, must, .have been affected by reflections of a kind j, somewhat similar to these which we !?? liaye thus endeavored to express,, when ,-?? ;he addressed, the Courier in a letter oh ':;'? the subject of ' Immigration and Settle j ri'ment,' which we re-publish in another col ,,,:iimn. He.prqfessestoknbw, andwehaVe ..every reason to DeJieve that his know ll3ledge is more than a mere profession, what the emigrating classes Want. He knows, at' any rate, what his own , i .people, are in need of. They happen to -,.beV;united by .sentiments and associa ; tions ? which have a value for them. ' They pre willing to be associated to Vgether, fora certain object. Many of i. them wish i to : make ? new homes for themselves in a new country, and they are anxious to be afforded certain facili ties for bo doing. They do not so much ask for assistance in the f oi;in of money. .That they could find, or at any rate 'they could find a considerable portion of the extra passage money which emi ;,grants have to pay who prefer Austr!a ? lia to America. But they ask for some assurance that they will be afforded kii opportunity, of forming settlements on our Crown lands, where they will jbe near to- ,one another, and where they may thus escape the isolation which an emigrant so' often feels during the ? first few months or years of his ' probation. It may 'be said, perhaps, that these combinations do not answer ; that, bo operative colonisation is a failure ; . that there is a kind of exclusiveness in it WU1UU IS lU}JU^UtlU\j LU OUl BUUbO5 Ul democratic equality. But if it has been tried,- has.it failed? Wo think riot. There are abundant truths to the cOn .traryj both in Canada and the United i, States. Does such a system attract emigrants who would not otherwise 'be attracted? 'We believe that it does, and if so, why should we not try it 1 The best proof of its success or failure ,. would bo the demonstration which some practical example might afford. If Mr. Allen and his people are willing ..to try it, why should they not 1 But then we may be told that the law does not admit of it. The Jaw tmay hotexpressly provide for it, ibut 'where there is; a will a way might easily Jbe found, and in the correspondence :and interviews which Mr. Allen had ' with the Colonial Secretary it was ;not \- asserted that the law forbade it, or that )it; could 'not be done. It was not; ex- pedient. It might promote sectarian : ism. ; That was the excuse. As for the 'law, the' law admits of a great deal. \ Mr. Allen has discovered that the law ? admits 'of ' some thirty-three thousand j acres .of. the choicest, lands on Peak i Downs being specially surveyed ;and I spld; to suit : the convenience, of one i purchaser, ? ' He ' finds that this same i land has been sold at nearly one-half j the price at which similar land was, so Id i in we '.same locality a few years ago, \ atidtyet in the meantime it appears that ? St has 'been iri'ade more valuable by the I construction of a railway to within a ?; few miles of this princely, estate. His ; ideas/are not so grand.. He would be j content' with probably ten or twenty I thousanji; acres of similar hind in1 the I PentSraL'Iiailway Reserve. But then i neiwpuld promise to settle on that land f gome- two or three hundred ; families I syhq', would look to it as £lieir future j 'home, land be glad of such a chance. I By which transaction should we gain { most^i J, The .£18,000 which the thirty- | three thousand acres on Eetro Creek, broughTwill be quickly spent/ We do noil say that it ought not to have 'been spld, «.th6ugh; . wo say. that the upset price for such a sale was absurdly , low. r ,rBu^ we do say that there is plenty of !' .equally gdo'd land, and even better land tii'.fl/w. enf/filomonf. Wliinli minrlif. nrvtir T»o a/» '. lected by Mr. Allen in the Central' ; v j)istrict,.and' that; he! :ought to have a i'.','pha^co .of.^. selecting it iif he can give i anyi reasonable . guarantee that he can ? ''oarryiv-out1 his project. If he .is -a Methodist',1 'and' if a1 good many of ? his ? ^'p^ople happed to be Methodists, is that ,L.-aljteproach,r..,iW!e..will , undertake to ? Bay that it is.a positive recommendation ..,; that;, bands of colonists should be united rvto' one another : by associations of. that vi'itihd.'.Whether Protestants orOatholica, It 'm&ttefs; little; bo long'as they are 'c|6j; rrcentmenand-women- who will do some-' .,,.thing, Ao. ibepefit themsplyes M-1 the Id country 'they live in... ? ? \ -\' ?'? ''?'?'. 'So far as the' southern-coast, distriots /''jOf ? 'dpi colony are . concerned, '-'we ; fear th^t'ljffo..1cjwaob. fcpntrfor awch from this system of co-operative settlement. Our Crown lands are almost gone But even hero a good deal might be done. 'We are not altogether without hope that the large landed estates on tho Darling Downs may yet be sub divided for settlement. The first, cost ,6i land fit for settlement is , after all not the greatest difficulty. Estates such as those alluded to by Mr. Allen in his letter might be re-purchased no doubt, at from £2 to £3 per acre, and it might even repay tho State to do this. But if this is to bo done, we shall have to discover some effectual way of re-appropriating them so as to make them subservient to the uses of an increased population. The wholo subject, however, is so interesting, so pregnant with future consequences to the people of Queensland that we have not hesitated to direct attention to Mr. Allen's letter. Late events indicate . that the land question is the question of the day, and much in the future prospects of our country will depend upon how it is treated. Opinion at present is in a transition state. The Ministjkbeob Works. — MrMacrosaan arrived ia Brisbane yesterday from his northern trip. Waterloo. — Mr Donald Wallace ha3 pur chased the racehorse Waterloo, Return of the Premier. — The Colonial Secretary has recoived a telegram from Batavia, stating that tho Premier was leaving thero by the Torres Straits mail steamer for Brisbane on Monday lost. New Insolvent.— John Sonter, of War wick,- baker, was on Wednesday adjudicated insolvent upon his own petition, the first meeting of creditors in tho estate being fixed for June 13. Death op Mhs Lewis,— -The wife of Mr J. A. Lewis, inspector of police, Brisbane, died yesterday morning. The deceased lady was much respected by a large cirole of ? acquaintances. By her death a large family of young children have been left motherless. Odr Supplement to-day contains poetry (' What I live for,' and ?' Room enough for all'); 'TheheadleBB ghost'; 'Fragments from an unpublished blue book' ; 'Winning him baoK'; 'Repentance'; 'The way they did it' ; besides commercial reports, and original and seleoted artioles on matters connected with the station, the farm, the dairy, horticulture, floriculture, the poultry yard, and the home. The Queen's Birthday. — On Tuesday last Queen Victoria entered on the, sixty, third year of heF life,, having been born on May 2i, 1819. She has now reigned nearly forty-four years. Since tho Norman con-, quest only four monarchs have exceeded that time, namely-^Elizabeth, who reigned forty fivo years; Henry HI., fifty-six years; Edward III., fifty, years-; and- George III., sixty years. '??'-*-' ? Irswicn Races and! Show. — Excursion tickets at single fares for the doable journey will be issued from all stations to Ipswich from May 30 to Juno 3, available to return by any mixed train to June 4. Sib Arthur Kennedy. — His Excellonoy . the Goyornor, and Miss Kennedy left Bris bane by' tho steamer Governor Blackall on Wednesday for Melbourne, where they will be tho guests of tho Marquis and Marchioness oENormanby during the visit of tho. young princes Albert and George. 'Religious Revivals.' — In connection' with evangelistic mission services, the Rev. J. D. Hennessey announces that he will preach a special sermon on Sunday evening, May 29, taking for his subject ' Religious Revivals.' A week of special. prayer is also announced, from May 30 to Juno 4, com mencing on each evening at a quarter to eight o'elook. jThe services are to be held at tho Weslevan church, and the public gene rally are invited to attend., .i ' The Recent Accident. — We regret to stato that Mr Henry Hinton who was thrown from his horse on Tuesday evening last, ex pired in the Hospital on Wednesday after noon between four and five o'clook. The deceased leaves a wife and family to mourn their loss. Wattle Farming.— In. our supplement on April 22, we published a lengtby and in structive article on this subject, and siuco then have applied for and received a parcel of seed of tbe acacia pycnantluc, or wattle bearing bark of commerco, whioh wo shall bo happy to distribute. V ',' Pinafore.'— Tho . School of Arts was moderately filled last evening to witness the opora- 'fl.M.S. Pinafore' rendered by the Kelly and Leon Comedy Opora Company on their roturn to Toowoomba. Tho perfor mance was splendidly given, the leading characters being taken as before by Mr. Edwin Kelly. Sir Joseph Porter, Mr. Edwin Lestor, Captain Corcoran, Miss Emma Wan. genhoim, Josephine, Miss Lucy Frazer, Little Buttercup, Mr. S. Bolton, Ralph Jiachlraw, and Mr. M. Hagan, Dick Dcadeye, together with 'his siste'ra, and his cousins, and ' his aunts;'. Our readers are doubtless familiar with the opora, so that wo need not say moro than that tho characters wore faithfully and spiritedly pourtrayed, tho appointments wero appropriate, and tlo music excellent. To-night tho company will perform ' Tria' by Jury,' and ' Chiiperid.' and to-morrow, the last night of their visit, 'La Fills do Madame Angot.' The trqupo is a talented one, worthy, of largo; public support, and will we hope bo well patronisod. ' ? Gold neab.Grafton.— On Tuesday tho 17th in'st. the Qrdfton Argils was shown a really splendid specimen of r gold-boaring quartz, broken from the surface, of a rcofno great distance from Grafton, ? . ; . j, , A Fawl Mistake.— The' police : 'depart.1 menfc has . received a report from Sergeant, O'Loan, stationed at Pine River,- stating that a farmer of the district named: Archibald M'Novin, lost his rlifo on the 20th iustaafc by taking a'qnantity'of carbolic acid in mistake: 'for Whisky.1 The docoased had deon unwell for 8omo time, and at noon on tho 19th he went to a cupboard in tho kitohen, and took up a bottle, which,: ha^ thought contained whip ky, and hurriedly swallowed a mouthful of the contents, jW^ibh Proved tor be carbolic .aqid, . :Boforo hp ' could infornn anyone what had happened hqfol^toj the ground insensible. D^r. r\Ya*d who . waa called . in, beliuyod that , M'Novin,: was in a- fit of, apoplexy'; but twelve hours lator the dbcoaflod, rallied a. little, and waa able to toll bls'.f anjlly of' Uao' fcfol mls; tako.ho had inadb. .Ho died in great aggny on tlio follojnijs d»y,— ^efc{/m^A.'. Trickbtt. — A telegram from LondoD.i dateSi4thMaysaya :— Edward Trickott, thol woll-known Sydney oarsman, will not Tfiturn, to Australia. Ho has docidod to romuiu in England, having beoomo tho Inmllord i.f ,-i sporting tavern at tho village of Barnes, on tho Thames, ...-.?? \ . , Thk Mount Poolk Rush— Aielo^ratt from tbo.Wardon at Mount JPoolo a'ays that two inches and|a liaU of rain havo fallen , BuUioien^ for domestao and mining purposes, for iienrly three months. There oro about- 21)0 diggers at tho now! rnsh. Only four,parties are gbt-| ting gold. ; Thoro is no flour , or rations excQpli meat, and the men 'are starving. No leaf) has been found. A man was drowned ltts$ week crossing a flooded creek. ,.;, , The Governor and the Sdndat Sciiodtsj — At tho annual gathering in Brisbane, ori Tuesday hwt, of-tho children of the Sunday Sshool Union, his Excellency, in reply to-ipn address, made the following capital sp'eeJ!|i ; — 'It is not an easy matter to address mi assemblage su,cb as this. With your teachers and promoters at your head, I need not offer any praise; they know what I think of the'm- and my being here among you is proof thaf I approve of their doings. I know of nothing — of no sight — which anybody could be per mitted to witness so grand as what I sec befpro irio. I hope my coming here occasion). nlUr nmr\r\tt vnn will llftVn \\\\\O. nffflnhof ntitnill lating paronts — your teachers and directors f am quite suro of, but of the parchts'of the children I am not so confident. If these parents will take example by the teachers and instructors of their children thuy will do well, but if they do not, evil results must follow', I am very sure that if they cnsnlt thei ; children as to what is taught thorn at th ; Sunday sohools, when they come homo, ii will be a gratification to them. I connoi imagine— and I havo had a long life— it greater evil, a greater curse, than disobedienjt and ill-brought up children. You have got in vour community a class of boys— stjm'e of them, I fear, moro than boys — who nre termed ?larrikins.' I look upon them, as a disgrace to a community and a disgrace to. ra/inhodd.; and I hope that tho people hero— and 'espe cially the females, women and- gh'ls— will take every means of discouriguu; and dis countenancing them. They do an imtnenaity ? of mischief at present, and believe; me, after long experience, they will 'fill- -yonr— gaols hereafter. As to the religious teaching of thp children I have nothing to say... ?;;] know the gentlemen who impart it, and I have perfedt conHdenca in their teaching' yow^'what is right, ?' I know they teach you to fear God, to love your neighbor, apd to honor the Queen. If these three thiDgs are-taught [l oare not how muoh less is taught you besides. Such a meeting as this is really to me one of the grandest things I have ever seem, I ha»e been looking at children within the ' Inafc few weekB in numbers. I have seen tho ohildran at Townsyille, at Mackay, at Boweii, and at Cooktown; and everything conheo'cd wi^b them is gratifying and satisfactory. I do npt know when I derived more pleasure than when looking over these children far distagt rom us some of thorn a thousand miles dis tant — all brought up in the sainer yay, and, I hope and believe, all taught tliq samo sacred truths. You know very we.ll ^h.atil dislike long speeches, and I have made! a much longer one than I had any intention of making. I havo only in conolustop'.'.'^o,',' V?ish you, the children, teachers, preceptors,' the committee, and those who have had theman agement of thiB grand organisation, ove^y happiness and success, and a happy holiday^' At the conclusion of.his speech his l?xcellen(;y was greeted with three hearty choers.1' Three cheers were also given for Miss Kennody, ana at tho request of his Excellonoy thpeo more were given for the Qaeen. Under tho leader ship of Mr Gregory, all present joined in,, singing the first piece amongst those which the childron had practised for thq occasion— 'Wo come with Bongs _o£ gladncsB.' This was followed by tho National Anthem,' after which his Excellenoy addressing those pre much; I wish you all a very merry day.' Tho vica-rogal party then left the ground, j Emplovhent. ok {Children.— The Mel bourne Art/us reports that a deputation from the conference of boards of advice, recently sitting at tho Town Hall, waited on tho Chief Secretary of Victoria to present a resolution unanimously adopted disapproving of the em ployment of children of tender years in the theatres and places of amusement. Mr. Templetoa introduced the deputation. Mr.'. I. Warren Ball mentioned that, as correspon dent of tbo West Melbourne Board i of Advice, it had come under his notice that children had been taken from school to play ia 'H.M.S. Pinafore;' also that a little boy engaged in the samo performance in London had died raving mad, his last words being part of one of the songs in the comic opera, ' For he is an Englishman.'' Mr Berry sajd he quite agreed with the 'deputation' m this matter. It would be deplorable if It shnjild become a practice for young children to bo trained to amuae adults in theatres at an 'age whon thoy ought to be occupied with- 'school lessons. But for pressure .of business he would have made it a_ point to witness: tho performances inqueation, and would- urobjibly havo taken somp steps to etan ' th^ij. fl'ho Government had powsr to prbnioifc dran^atic performances, 'but it should only be oxcrcided ia extremo aosus. Ha was in favor of; adopting fiesh legislation to prevent thojcin ployment of childron in this way, a.ivo in exceptional cases, as whore a child [had developed extraordinary talent for mnsio, audit was desirable to cultivate it in a special way. It was his intention to brine the mjittpr, under the notice of his oolleagues bcforoiiexfc' session.'. j Nihilist Women.— Upon the actiy^ tiii of women ii- the Nihilistic consniracics iiiRdflaia, a writer flays :—' I havo ofton lioard jjiion say : ' The Nihilists dare so n?;ioh and ac complish so muoh' only because ths'y aljvays have womqn by theij; side, encouraging and cheering thorn on. ' * And, indcod, wpmnn are found everywhere, side by side, with the revolutionists— in tho office of. the jslindestine journal, m the secret labatory, in tho fac tories among the working people, in tbe barb of tho' peasant women, and in that or the Sister of tho Red Cross, in tho.Nihiliat mHnus, and, alas, in those of Siberia and .Snghalieir In the Czar's country worhW is refused bnly ono thing — the gibbot 1 Before we saw the Nihilist women, pistol in hand, tiring ajt the policev or pastins.the revolutionary prpcla niatipn'',on,the Walls of thq crowded strpets. Now.we see'somb hew types-^Mdlld; 'Iie'bedolT in a watoh-houso on a ? railroad,' sittitig on a box filled with dynamitej chattin g'pleaedntly with.switchmen.and mending a tnggod'cloakj a beautiful young ladybT twenty- two, Mdlle. Figner,'. nicely dressoa, sitting in a liandaoalo parlor playing for hours and hour fl on 0 piano, trying her besj; to drown the nbise-rnade by thoprinting pross working in th'e'adjbining room, and giving to he* horrible krltjock the countenanco of nn artistic family! 'an: 'Excel- lonpy.'s, daughter, itdlle.'Porovsy, day by day watdhing ; tlie approach, of. every' strangor to the'placo whoro the Moscow' mlbe wfagtiindor way, and pulling the nndergrouhdibell^thus warning the miners to stop work as ofton as ahe'suspeoted danger. All these' wdmen, well educated and highly connected, lcavo society iuithe^rime-of life (or tho.glpomy mines, the dark ,'ioimtf, ,,the, 'doep'and eternal snows'of Siberia j tholr'y'a'e'aifi 'jiikbii will be filled by now recruits. Such are (ihe Nihil ist women. And tho men 1 These tdo, in Bpit'o of all proseoutions, banisli.vnents, and oxecutions, continue atv their work. Thoir^ watchword is, ? Doath for doMl?! oxocutldri for. oxeoution. terror for terror ? ' ' 