George Mac Donald's Last Story.* j TFwm Mr. George Robertson we have received a copy ?f the fifth edition of 'Mary Marston,'* the latest product of the prolific pen of Dr. George Mac Donald. It ifi many years since this popular fiction-writer passed beyond the hurtful range of journalistic criticism. Censure has little power to diminish his success. Re viewers seed not count for much to an author who ias noneeuy ana lnauEtriousiy eecurea a large constituency of respectable and intelligent readers, and George Mac Donald has unquestionably done this. They may help to exalt him, but when once the people have acknowledged his power they cannot dethrone him. George Mac Donald will hold his own easily bo long as he chooses to write novels. And the fact that his las* work has rapidly run into the fifth edition reminds us again that the world is not so black as it is often painted. For he is one of the men who would recoil c' with horror from the very thought of writing an un wholesome story. His nature is hard set in the direc tion of righteousness and charity. It is safe to say that the trust which he has drawn to himself will never be abused or disappointed. His 'worst work, alike with his best, is dominated by a high moral purpose ; and the domination approaches nearer to absoluteness every year. -Indeed, the grayest fault of the story before us is, in our view, that the domination has approached too near to absoluteness. No reader of George Mac Donald's books can be ignorant of the fact that he is a very earnest inseasonandout of-eeason preacher. More than any other living novelist he tries to blend the art o£ the storyteller with the purpose of the preacher. Sometimes one of the characters in the tale delivers the sermons. A clergy man is put into the book for the sake of getting in some of the author's discourses ; and very beautiful, suggestive, and consolatory discourses some of them are. When the pulpit talk is thus formally introduced it can be skipped or read at pleasure, and it is better to have this choice than to find the author making innumerable digressions to gratify his moralizing purpose. In ' Mary Maretoa ' there is neatly a8 much preaching as story -telling. It is almost difficult to decide whether the irritating digressions are from the 6tory to the sermon, or from the sermon to the etory. No doubt those who have learned to love George Mac Donald's teaching can easily bear this peculiarity ; but by others be is in danger of being regarded as a ?writer of wearisome Sunday literature. For it cannot Le overlooked that in overmuch moralizing there'is sure to be poor moralizing. Admitting that the author of ' Mary JIarston ' has digressed from the story to give exquisite expression to many striking thoughts, it is also true that many of his stray -wanderings only result in platitudes. The story itself is greatly inferior to the author's earlier productions. It is very bard to get interest in It. The heroine, Mary Marston, is a saint o£ a very unreal kind. Everybody has met, it is to be hoped, Borne good women ; but we never met, or expect to meet, 01 are anxious to meet, any woman having more than a remote likeness to Mary Marston. She is quite too ' utter ' in her way. She must have been a most uncomfortable person to live with. We would not that she were more wicked, but we would that she were more human, A young shopwoman who not only seldom or sever does anything wrong (though environed by wrong- doers and wrong-doing), but is perpetually eaying and doing what she ought to say and do accord ing to George Mac Donald's very high standard of Christian lire, is fortunately or unfortunately only met* with in George Mac Donald's fiction. Such a (one was Eurely never found behind a Sydney counter. And when the heroine of a story, around whom all the bad men and women revolve, is unreal, what becomes of the story ? There i6 no illusion. When the.heroine is a 41 materialized ' ephit visitor from the realms of per fection, and the author is excessively intrusive with germs and fragments of moral instruction, illusion is out of the question. Apart from the story itself, much of the writing is sot in the author's best style. Mary Marston marries a musical blacksmith. ' Oh, Mary ! ' said this good man, ' hear the larks ! They are all saying, ' Jo-seph ! Jo-seph ! Heaikentome, Jo-seph ! - Whatwouldyou lavebeenbutforMa-ry, Jo-seph?' That's what they keep on singing, singing in the ears of my heart, Mary ! ' ' You would have been a true man, Joseph, whatever the larks may say.'* ' A solitary melody, praising without an upholding harmony, at best, Mary ! ' How absurd that the man who could utter the Jo-seph nooBense could, nearly in the same breath, speak of a ' solitary melody without an upholding harmony.' Sense and nonsc-nse are not usually such close neighbours. Here, again, is a bit of ' aesthetic ' writing. Mary Marston undertook to dress Hesper Eedmain as the Evening Star for a ball. The dress, we are told, was 41 aerial in texture, of the hue of a smoky rose, deep, and cloudy with overhanging folds, yet diaphanous, a dark ness dilute with red;' and 'confined at the waist with a cincture of thin pale gold.' The head-dress was of such 'a doubtful green as the sky appears through yellowish smoke — a sad, lovely colour — the fair past clouded with the present; youth not forgotten, but filmed with age. They were all colours of the evening as it strives to keep its hold of the heavens, with the night pressing upon it from behind. In front, above the lunar forehead, among the coronal masses, darkly fair, she fixed a diamond star, and over it wound the smoky green, like a turbaned vapour wind-ruffled, through which the stars gleamed faintly by fits.' The bracelet was of ' the true, the oriental topaz, the old chrysolite — of the clear yellow of the sunset-sky that looks like the 'scaped spirit of the miser-smothered gold.' All this impresses us as being ' too consum nately intense.' But worst of all is the taste of the sentence ia which the author, in reporting an interview between Mary Marston and Hesper Eedmain, says that the former ' took in her fingers a little stray drift from the masses of golden twilight that crowned one of the loveliest temples in which the Holy Ghost had not yet come to dwell.' Surely this is not the 6tyle in which fiction should be written. 'We have pointed out some of what seem to as to be grave faults in the story under notice. Our readers will understand us as having no desire to depreciate the good and true work which has been done by the author. It goes without Eaying that so gifted a man as George Mac Donald could not write a book without putting into it much that is worthy of his deservedly high literary reputation ; and this remark certainly applies to 'Mary Marston.' ♦ « Mary Maretwi.' 3y George Mat PcraaM, LL,D, 18»l^ 