Music and the Drama, ,r 1 THE announcement of the first appearance in Sydney of a woll-oredontialed English actor, and in Shake spearian tragedy, had exoited considerable interest among the playgoing public during the paBt week. Accordingly, when the gentleman in question, Mr. Dewhurst, presented himself, on Saturday even ing last, at the Queen's Theatre, in the role of Hamlet, tho houao waB weil orowded in all parts, inconveniently so in eomo, thus affording a pleasant indication that under anything like favourable conditions the legitimate drama would bo well able to hold its own among us still. The reports which had precoded Mr. Dew hurst had propared tho audience for a highly accom plished artist; and, on the whole, his assumption of the part of tho melancholy prince fully justified his claim tothat title. It was a performance cha racterised by great exoollonoe-thoughtful, earnest, graooful, evincing tlie most careful study andsoholar like appreciation of the toxt, It waB rather remarkable for its general evenness than for any special originality. "With the exception of eomo few innova tions, which Btiail bo mentionod, Mr. Dewhurst's Hamlet wonld appear to bo the traditional ono. This assertion assuredly convoys no roproaoh, for illus trated as that wonderful creation has been by so many mon of transcendent histrionic genius, no modern representative of it, be hie powers what they may, bat must follow to a great extent the path of his predecessors, though not necessarily tread iu their very ^ footsteps. _ Mr. Dewhurst is more succosaful in representing tho more amiable Bide of Hamlet's disposition than in depicting his moody melancholy, bia wayward humour, and strange bursts of real or assumed hysterical passion. He is ©vcr the scholar and courtier. What may bo described as the external attributes of Hamlet he depiots with sufficient aoonraoy, but ho hardly seoras to grasp the subtlor phases of that complex character, amd seldom goes far beneath tho surface. To oxplain our meaning more clearly we may Bay that a peraon who, without any previous acquaintance with the tragedy should form his ideas of its meaning from having witnessed Mr. Dew hurat'a (portrayal of the hero, would bo likely to find thom somewhat vaguely defined. In short, it is a portrait which, though faithful enough, perhaps, in its outlinea is rather imperfectly filled up, and in tho oolouring of which something moro of light and shade could be desired. Mr. Dewhurst has many personal advantages-a good presonoe, a well- formed and graceful figuro, an expressive face, and a voice of considerable power and compass. It has ono defeot, however, which must bo notioed-a cer tain clipping intonation, whiob, in dopriving it of roundness and fulness, frequently marB the effect of his elocution. In tho eoene with the Ghoet Mr. Dew hurst, when ho breaks away from his companions, departa from the usual business. Hamlet, it will be remembered, aa represented by most aetora, follows the apparition, holding his sword behind him pointed at his two companions, as if to warn them back. That reading waa introduced by tho elder Kian. The custom previous to his day waa to hold the sword pointed at the Ghost, whioh waa Bomowhat absurd, as Hamlet would not think of employing Buch a weapon against on incorporeal being. Mr. Dewhurst disoards both roadings, adopting one whioh is, at any rate, quite aa admissible as either of the two. He raiseB the Hilt of his sword, and placinar the symbol of salvation between him and the spectre, advances to the *' more removed ground" to which it Waves him. Aßain, at the end of the second aot, after tho scono with the players, we see him sitting down to write tho speech whioh ha desires to inter polate in the " Murder of Gonzago." This is an ingenious illustration of the text, but as Mr, Loako did the samo thing, we presume that the merit of it belongs noithor to him nor Mr. Dow hurst. Another novelty whioh deserves notice is Hamlet's address to his mother in the oloset Boone, when ho contrasts tho portraits of her living and hor dead husband. Instead of apostrophising tho likonossea of- the two monarchs depicted actually before him, ho pictures them as though they were only present in his " mind's eye," and trusts to tho fores of his description for realising it to the Queen. Taking him altogether, the impression whioh Mr. Dewhurst leavos upon us ia that of a painstaking, cultivated, intelligent, and conscientious aotor j but, certainly, so far as ha oan be judged by hie Hamlet, without much pretensions to the nam o of a great actor. The part of the Ghost was sustained by Mr. Steele, and in a manner whioh waa not by any means oreditablo to an artist of his oapaoity and experienoo. Ho oould oaßily do very mnoh better. Miss Marian Willis, as Ophelia, exhibited much pathos, and in the mad eoene was highly sueoessful, Binging the snatches of song with great tenderness and sweotnoaa. The remainder of the oast waB, with few exceptions, a tol erably satiafaotoi y one, but does not require any spe cial mention. " Hamlot " will bo repeated to-night. On Wednesday evening Mr. Dewhurst appealed as Richelieu in Lord Lytton'» play of that nave. It must bo confessed that tho gentleman waa much happier than in Hamlet. It was in every aenae a performanoo of high merit, and desorvos all the good thinga that can bi said of it. I must, however, bold ovor further remark until next week, owing to the exigencies of space. Mies Marian Willis BUB taino d the part of Julio do Mortimar exceedingly well, although it cannot bo oonsidorod such a pro nounced suooesB as hor Ophelia. "Olivotto" still continues to attraot large audi ences to tho Theatre Royal, and, with the oxoeption of a slight ehange in tho cast, things prooeod at this theatro in mueh tho carno style that they did whon Audran's work waa first performed. Tho operatic troupo aro all oxoollont actors, and boneo do full juBtico to their parts, whioh, in a musical play Uko " Olivotto," is a matter of more importance than ovon tho singing. Tho lat tor is of fat» quality and Baited to tho work. Thoro are at presccafc no Bigns of " Olivette " Doing withdrawn. At the Gaiety Mr. and Mrs. Tnraw have been starring: it as Luoia and Edgardo in tho " Bride of Lammermoor." The charming melodies of this me« lodioas work snit tho fine voices of those accomplished vocalists, and henoe the applause each night is most enthusiastic. On a recent oooaBion Wallace's "Mari tana " had to be substituted for " Lucia," owing to the indisposition of MrB. Turnor. The role of the pretty Gitana was assumed by MIBS Davenport, who eave a very fair and creditable rendition of it. Sit co then " Luoia " haB hold tho boards. All the ruombers of the company have played and sang in both operas exceedingly well. The theatro is well attended by intelligent and appreciative audienoos. The Independent Order of Oddfellows, No. 10, gave a concert in tho Protestant Hall, Castloreagh atreet, Sydney, on Tuesday evening, in aid of tho fund now being raised for the benefit of the widow of the late Mr. Rout, who died at the quaran tine station from small-pox, leaving his family un« providod for. Although the inclemency of tho weather prevented the concert from being very suc cessful in a financial Bense, yet in a musical point of view it was very interesting. Tho Imperial Band played some nice selections of ohoioe music, and a whole army of vooalists amused tho audienoo with oomio and sentimental songs, and a numbor of graceful dacoers varied the entertainment by per forming their devotions to terpsichore. Theconoert closed at a late hour. On last Saturday afternoon Mr. Charles Honner bein gave a complimentary matinee musicale to his numerous friends in his pianoforte warehouse, Beethoven Honso, Pitt-street, Sydnoy. Tho pro gramme comprised some vory ohoice music for voice, piano, and bassoon, whioh waa exceedingly well ren dered by all the executants. Mdlle. Alice Char bonnet, Mr. Huenerbein, and lady amateurs, were the pianists ; a lady amateur (soprano), and Mr. F. J. Hallewell (basso), were the vooalists ; and Horr Theodor Androjevio the bassoonist. The programme of tho concert oould not bo otherwise than skilfully executed by such talented musicians. Certain musical events of some interest are loom ing on the horizon. Mr. Caron's Melbourne Exhibi tion Cantata is to bo porformcd Boon by the Sacred Choral Association. Report speaks rathor highly of the work. The announcement that Mr. Charles Tumor's benefit will take place on Friday next, 2nd Septem ber, at the Gaiety Theatre, will, we are «uro, be a sufficient guarantee that there will be a orowded house on that evening to testify to the trrcat appre ciation in which that eminent tenor is held by the Sydney public . " Luoia " will bo the opera tö be produced on the occasion. The Montague-Turner Company concludes its season about the 11th prox., and will pr ooeed to Newoastlo and northern distriots. Mr. Fred Maccabe (" Bogone, Dall Care") opens at tho Sydnoy School of Arts on the 3rd proximo. Professor Hasolmayor gave a short season last weok ab Wollongong, where he was a great Buooess. To-night (Friday) aad to-morrow he appears at Orange, whither ho has gone after having given two performances to orowded houeos at Dubbo. Tho Wybert-Reeve Company have loft for Bris bane, where they play for about a month. They open in " Diplomacy," Mr. Frank Catos taking the roZe of Beanelorc, formerly played by Mr. Titherage. Mr. Boothman takes Mr. Cat OB'a" original part of Count Orloff. The Kelly Opera Company opens at the Opera-house this (Saturday) evening in " Les Cloohes de Corne ville." Miss Emma Wangenheim, who it is said has made rapid strides in her protession, is prima donna. Miss Wangonheim ia a native of Sydney. Ia order to celebrate the onening of the new Music Hall at the Garden Palace, whieh is being altered and adapted for the purpose, it is, we understand, intondod to produoe tuero shortly Costa's " Eli," tho principals engaged being Miss Annis Montaguo, Mr. Charles Turner, Miss Marie St. Clair, and Mr. John- Bushell*. The oratorio is to be rendered by the Sydney Musioal Union, who are actively rehears ing this great work. 