THE lATIN PLAY AT TRINITY COLLEGE. 'I he 8th of June, 1881, will be a day memorable in the annals of our collegiate instit tions as that upon which the first Latin ph was performed in the Australian colonies Old Westminster " boys" will be reminded 1 it of the performances out of which it has sprung, in the venerable school from whom so many distinguished men have issued an will tell old stones about "shadows" or substances." the pump in Great Dean Yard, and the " fighting green in the Cloisters, the chair of the " Liberty boy on a ladder borne on the shoulders of h fellows, and the admiration which used to I excited when some plucky little fellow gave a 'ses,' or outside blackguard, a good " bel mg " " Ah ! ' said a former master of West minster, when speaking of a youngster who was rather dull at his books, " If he's a good fellow and a good fighter, we must not be to hard upon him for his Latin and Greek. Some will remember the lines of Cowper, At XV cstmicster, where little poets Btrlv o To set r distich upon Bix and live, VV hero discipline helps opening buds of sense, And marshals pupils proud with silver pence, I was a poet too And so were his form fellows, Churchs Lloyd, and Colman, while " Sir Troth Plagiary," Cumberland, and Warren Hastings, were his contemporaries there, toe It was not many years afterwards that David Garrick designed the mise en scene for the school theatre, and that Dr. Markham, Archbishop of Canterbury, bore the coat of fitted, it up. In the prologues and epilogues to the Westminster plays there was plenty of scope for fun and satire, and sometimes the writer. broke out into Macedonia verse. Not as frequently the youthful performers rose in after life to the highest distinction a subject could attain, as was the case with young Longley, afterwards Archbishop of Canterbury, who impersonated a radical lawyer defending an OF rioted at Bow-street, in an epilogue written by Dr. Page, to tin "Phornno" of Terence. Mimicking some Buzfuz of the period, the future primate of England argued thus " Roman! courts ista feeble Qut ports, sails, anseribusque lice Est home natura-roon murchison- ergo Qui boat, and balat, sibilant, and unit, Qutruglt,etmiiglt1gannitqueet(,riinnltctlilnnit, Omma nature conveniences are " Probably few old WestmonaBtenans have re visited after a long interval of years-the building in which these annual performances took place, without experiencing some of the emotions which the Bard of Olney has described in his "Tirocinium" " The scene Is touching, and the heart 19 Stone That feels not at that Bight, and feels at none. The wall on which we tried our graving skill, The very name we carved subsisting Bill, The bench on which we Bat while deep employ d, Though mangled, hacked, and heard, not yet destroy d That the students in our public schools and colleges should wish to transplant to Australia some of the scholastic relaxations and diversions which were so popular in the mother country is not at all surprising, and in selecting one of the comedies of Plautus to break ground with, they have chosen a dramatist whose characters and dialogue, although copied from Greek originals, described not only the Roman manners of his day, but also human nature as it is at all times and everywhere. He laughed at its follies and foibles, but he did not feel that he had any special mission to correct them, and his good sense taught him not to preach to people who only asked him to amuse them Although he is not to be named in the flame day with Shakspeare, there were many points of resemblance between the two dramatists. Both came up to the capital from a country place to better their circumstances. Both gravitated towards the theatre. Both became actors, and eventually sharers in the management Both began by vamping up old plays for representation, and when both essayed the composition of quasi original dramas each could have exclaimed with Moliere, " Je pi ends 7400 lien ok c le drove." Both made their characters speak the language of the tavern and the market-place where necessary, and both had an overflowing sense of humour. And there the parallel ends. PlautuB had no constructive power, such as we find in our great dramatist, and his plots are feeble in the extreme In " Mostellana, however, he is at his best, and the comedy as it stands might almost pass for a modern comedy, like that, for example, in which Addison worked up some amusing incidents which occurred at Tedworth, in Wiltshire A slight sketch of the plot of the piece to be performed on Wednesday evening by the students of Trinity College may not be unacceptable 1 heroides, a rich merchant of Athena, returns to that city, after an absence of three years, to find his son Philolaches playing the prodigal. Of course, there is a " she in the case, and her name is Philematium, an en- franchised slave. There is also a supple variety of the Figaro type named Train, and I a boon companion of his ming masters called Callidamatea. While they are revel- , ling in the house of Thouroptdea, the old gentleman presents himself for admission, but is met by Trams, who protests that the house is haunted, and assures him that some sounds of bibulous hilarity which issue from the interior of it, are occasioned by the ghost. MirargundeB, a money-lender, now appears upon the scene, and demands repayment of some large sums he has advanced to the young scapegrace; but the ready witted Tramo asserts that these were borrowed by Philolaches in order to enable him to buy another house, and indicates that of Simo as the mansion he has secured. After a series of other deceptions have been practised upon him, Theuropidea learns the whole truth by the mouth of a slave who has come to fetch Callidamatea home and the merchant's first impulse is to have Tramo scourged , but the cunning rascal takes his seat upon the family altar, and defies anybody to dislodge him Mean- while Callidamatea, sobered and serious, re- appears upon the scene, and invites Theuri sides to dinner-an invitation which Train imprudently and vociferously accepts, and in spite of the old gentleman's indignation with his son, and with his son's slave, he consents to forgive them both at the solicitation of Callidamatea, who comes forward with the customary tag of " Spectators, fibula Imoest acts your- issue ditto ' 