....... '..- OETRY. , THE GHOST UP AT MOE. (FROM MELBOURNE "PUNCH.") South Gippsland is graced with a district called " Moe,P And that, in its turn, sir, is graced with a U Jpey; Likewise with ia Cope, a selector who's • dosed With- visits nocturnal, too oft,?from a ghost. Now thidghost must be gifted with sinews and bones, . For its chiefest amusement is throwing big stones; And it pelted poor Cope till his body was black As the hat on his head or the coat on his back. So Cope was completely knocked up by this ghost, . And he called on his friends, and of course he'd a host; And he stated his case,'then said they, ' Well, friend Cope, . "We'll watii':for this ghost, and- we'll catch it, we hope. . . So these gallant fine fellows, who live up at Moe, Secured the assistance of Beck, who's a Joey ; And Joey provided himself with some salt To shake on the tail of the bird from the vault: Then Cope .and his guardians just num bered sixtden, And a gallanter phulanx was never yet seen ; And Beck nade' a vow, as lie tippled soUie gin, IThat he'll'iarby that ghost, and ere long run hiu in. So-the gallant sixteen sat in ,Copets till the clock Struck, twelve, then there came,a, most terrible knock, "; " ( And thel door opened ,'de, and without any doubt, The ghost glided in, and the sixteen rushed out. lut the ghost, who was active, arrested poor Beck, By winding a long bony arm round his Sneck ; And blaford you'd say " trapstick" that ghost up at Moe Had clapped the two dsrbies on Beck, the brave Joey. But when the cock crew, lie went off in a flame, :And Joey went homeward black, blue, sore and lame; And the darbies were still upon Joey, and theose Could be opened with nothing but skele ton keys. But Cope is still plagued by the ghost all in'white, And the- other ghost-catchers won't stir out at night; _ And Beck creeps about--poor, disconso late Joey- MIuch niore ?like a ghost than the ghost up at Moe. SNow all'you good people who bli'e there about, " Be cautious and careful, of (what you're 'a.: bout; , lit however ,you act, or w'hateve you S do, Don't go. out to catch ghosts, or' tihe ghosts may catch you. 