FREEMASONRY DESCRIBED. THE following is from the Freemason's Monthly Magazine:-"I have joined tho Masonic fraternity. Mr. Editor. I am a free anti accepted son, or brother, or whatever it is, of that mysterious organization. I have belonged to many secret societies in my time-I have been an Orangeman and a Bon of Temperance, and a Fenian ; and if I remember aright, I once belonged to a gang of coiners-but this Masonic arrangement, this institution of the compass aud square, distances them all. I have often wondered what sort of a thine a Mason was- in what respects he differed from an ordinary being. Again and again havo I pumped persons who I thought knew what was what, with a view of finding out something regarding these queor men, but it was no go. Mum was the word ; those who could tell wouldn't, and those who would couldn't j but for further information I was to go and find out. I bad a vague idea of my own that a mason was a sort of supernatural being ; a regular ring-tailed roarer, with horna and hoofs to match, who would come down the chimney or get through tho keyhole, and disappear like a flash of lightening-a chap that would knock blazes out of a fellow with a wink of his eye, and of whom the devil himself was afraid. There is one singular thing connected with masonry of which yon are perhaps not aware, and that is, a mason never dies. Occasionally it is given out that a brother has departed this life, and thc fraternity is then respectfully summoned to do honour to his remains ; but it is all a sham, a big swindle, gotten up to throw dust in the eyes of the uninitiated. The coffin is stuffed full of bricks, and deposited with due solemnity in the cemetery, while tho brothers and friends are blubbering their eyes out over the grave of the dear departed, and thc departed is enjoying himself in tho back room of some hotel, preparatory to leaving for parts unknown. It is a fact, Mr. Editor, masons never die. They may change their appearance and move j off to other Bpheres, but, ns for dying, they can'tdo it. It is supposed that after they have transacted wickeducss cuough on this earth, they are transformed into comets and meteors, and go wandering through space, aud kicking up fihineB and raising the devil generally. And a great mauy people suppoBc that thc last I meteoric display was nothing more nor less than having a free fight between some rival lodges that have crossed each other's path the different coloured lights betokening the different degrees they had acquired in the flesh. Freemasonry is of an ancient date, as proved by the fact that during the wet season Noah used to hold meetings in the corner of the ark. He was obliged to do so through the curiosity of Mrs. Noah, who. notwithstanding the fact that her husband placed a big pair of lions and a big crocodile at thc door as outside guard, came pretty near rinding out tho Beeret, and starting a female lodge on her own hook. I must tell you the perils and trials I had to undergo to become a mason. On the evening in question I presented myself at the door of the lodge room. No. GG.CGG, sign of the skull and cross boneB. I was conducted to thc ante room, where five or six melancholy chaps in sashes and embroidered napkins were waiting to receive me. Ou my entrance they all got up and turned a back somersault, aud then quietly resumed their seats. A big fat man, who sat in the middle, and who seemed to bc thc proprietor, then said. " Sinner from the outward world, advance " I advanced. " Will you give up everything to join us Í" " Not if I know it, said I. "There's my wife and fourteen fine -" (Another party here told me that it was a mere matter of form. ) The fellows in the towels then groaned, and said "'Tis well." " Do you swear never to reveal anything you may see or hear this evening, not to your wife ?" I said, *' Ton my word, I will not." They then examined my teeth and felt my muscles, and made rac put out my tongue, and then foaned again. I said, ' if you don't feel well have a little bottle hero that "-. Here the fat mau took the bottle from me, and told me to shut up. He then in a voice of thunder, said, " Bring forth thc goat." Another fellow then came forth to blindfold mc. " No, you don't, Mr. Mason,' 1 Baid; no tricks on travellers, if you please. I don't believe in playing blindman's buff with a goat. I'll ride the devil if you like, but I don t go it blind. Stand back, or I'll knock you into smithereens. They were too much for me, however, and I had to submit to be blindfolded. The goat was then lcd in and I could hear him making an awful racket among the furniture. I began to feel that I was urgently wanted at home, bot I was in for it and could not help myself. Three or four feUows then seized me, and with a demoniacal laugh pitched me on the animal's bock, telling me at the same time to look out for squalls, Mr. Editor. I've been in election fights, I've been pitched out of a four-stor window, I have been in a railway collision, and gone np in a steamboat exploBion, but this great excursion was ahead of them all. The confounded thing must be all wings and horns. It bumped me against the tables and the stove and thc ceiling, but I hung OD like a Trojan. It turned front somersaults, and rolled over till I thought it was all over with me. I was just on the point of giving up when the bandage fell from mine eycB, and thc goat bounded through thc window with a yell like a Comanche Indian giving np the ghost. I was in a lodge of masons. They were dancing a war dance round a skull, and playing leapfrog and turning handsprings, and tho big fat fellow of the anteroom was standing on his head in tho corner finishing thc contents of my little bottle. Order was soon restored, and I was led up to a desk and told to stand at my case. The chief engineer of the establishment then put his thumb to his nose, and stretching his fingers in the shape of a fan towards mo, commanded silence. Thc rest of tho brcthern did likewise, and were silent. The governor then addressed mc :-" Brother Knobb, you aro now one of us. You arc now a member of au institution that has lasted over ten millions of years. From this time hence your constitution ¡B sound. You arc impervious to light or heat, or any other atmospheric influence. You oro water- proof, fireproof, and over proof. With impunity you may walk through the lake, or I Bit on a red hot stove ; with impunity drink I aquafortis, rye whisky, Waboo hitters, or any other poisonous substance. You are free from I rheumatism, dyspepsia, small- pox, whooping cough, and the measles. The sheriff cannot seize yo« for debt, nor tho policeman for j misdemeanour. You arc one of us, and you arc safe. Here is tho password ; with that [ and a big club you can get into any lodge in I Christendom." I then stood the whisky and i water all the way round, aud I was a free and accepted mason. 