NEWS AND NOTES. Reuter’s telegrams, which appear elsewhere, contain a number of interesting items. The condition of Lord Beaconsfield's health appears to have improved. .. The R.M.S. Hydaspea arrived at Glenelg at 9.15 pim. on Saturday. ■" ,:L Yesterday waa the date of the census in Victoria, and we remind householders that the schedules will be at once called for, and should be filled up so as to .cause' as little inconve nience to the sub-enumerators as possible; W® also by request of the' Government direct the attention of oar readers to an advertisement in another colump, in which the Government Statist requests that'all cases of neglect on the part of the census collectors - may be reported to him, and mentions that letters addressed to the - Government ■ Statist, Melbourne,: are delivered free of postage if endorsed with the word “CenßUSi” The Railway Department appears fated to blunder. We were inolined to think that the last muddle perpetrated would have taught wisdom to the officials with regard to the organisation of. excursions -from: Ballarat; but it appears the authorities are not amenable to common sense, and rather prefer the perpetra tion of a “ bungle ” than to - satisfy i tha public. Some time since the people here came to the conclusion that la second and well organised excursion to the Exhibition would prove profitable to the depart . ment and , pleasing. to those who had been unable to see the “great fair.” Accord ingly Tuesday : (to-morrow) and Wednesday were fixed by the department as the dates, and in order to meet the wishes of excursionists 1500 tickets were sent’to each of the two Ballarat stations. Blank disappointment was apparent on the. faces of hundreds of people at the Western station on Saturday morning when it became known before noon that the whole of the' tickets bad been sold out. Hundreds were applying for them, and all that could be done was tu : send the en quirera to Ballarat Eaat, where all the tickets had not been disposed of. It waa not long, however, before the Eastern tickets also were parted with, and it began to dawn upon the minds of those interested that a cheap trip . would be impossible. Forthwith telegrams were despatched to* Melbourne, describing the position of affairs. The reply of the depart ment was characteristic —no more accommoda tion was available - than two trains, to fill which a sufficiency of tickets had been issued. However, remonstrances sufficed to lead the authorities to promise that more: tickets -should be sent, and- word waa “ wired” that 150 would bo sent by a certain train. Anxiouß people, who bad waited for hours, went - away satisfied that they would be safe to get the necessary passports when the train referred to arrived, and they left the station. Many remained behind, and had due reward oi their patience, for within a little while a telegram came instructing the issue of. tickets in the ordinary routine way to intending excursionists. Speedily the limit- of issue wue reached, and all the tickets were again gone, with scorea of people yet clamouring for them. The authorities had accomplished a maximum of muddle in a minimum of time. Admitting they could not run more than two trains, of twelve carriages each, on each day, and that the first issue of tickets would fill the trains, they might easily have replied to the clamourous excursionists:— “ We will run trains on Thursday and Friday, ■and satisfy everyone.” This idea of extend ing the dates never entered the official mind. Ou the - contrary, by the issue of fresh tickets two brilliant objects were achieved—the trains will he overcrowded on the one baud, and on the other the bitterest feeling of discontent will exist amongst those left without tickets. One thing is evident, whatever the railway authorities meddle with they muddle most egregiously. Our telegrams note the findiug of a 120 oz ougget at Temora, and give a poor account of the Mount Browne diggings, from which it appears no more than 200 oz of gold have yet been sent away, ~ Robt. Palmer, an engine-driver on the Gippeland line, waa killed at South Yarra etatiou on Saturday through jumping off the engine whilst in motion- He leaves a wife and four children. Friedman Solomon, aged fifty, residing at Carlton, was admitted yesterday into the Mel bourne Hospital in an insensible condition, supposed to be suffering from gas poisoning. . A bottle-washer named David Reid, who was attacked by a donkey at the Royal Park, Melbourne, yesterday, was bittsn about the face and frightfully mutilated about the lower part of his body. A telegram from Melbourne states that Elizabeth Mooney, a young married-woman, living with* her hqeband, shot herself through the head yesterday. It is stated that aha lived, on' unhappy, terma with her husband, who ia much older than herself. She bad pre viously threatened to destroy herself. \- The annual meeting of the Ballarat Agricul tural aud Pastoral Society will be held at .Craig’s hstel, on the 7th of May, when a VolpudpjQl?® report, containing a full record of the work doop by the society during the past year will he Submitted. 4-“qngst the many parts which this associatiqu plays in forwardiog the welfare aud advancing the prospects of the agricultural portion of the community may be mentioned the offering of large prizes to b® competed for at ploughing matches. Last year « sqm amountiog to over £5OO was expended in this way. At the conclusion of the principal portion of tee business transacted at the meeting of the Agricultural sqd Pastoral Society held in Craig’s hotel on Saturday forenoon votes of thanks for their past services were pqsßed, it beigg tho greeting preceding the annual gene ral meeting, tq £h® president (the Hon. Philip Russell), the vice-presidents ’(Messrs J 'Mbrton, Valentine, and Rowe), the secretary (Mr fjjmon MorrisoD), the treasurer (Mr J. Baird), thp local press, and the Argus, and to. Mr G. Thompson, who kindly gave the use of his rooms tp the society duriDg the past year. As proof qf the JqJjcryp p taken by gentlemen largely interested’ad'pastoral pursuits io the success of the Ballarat annual sheep show ft may be mentioned that no less a aum than £so was received by the secretary of the Agricultural and Pastoral Society at the meeting of that body held ou Saturday the donations towards the cost gf greeting the new sheep sheds. The donors were—Sir Samuel Wilson, £5O; Mr Robert Simeon, £2O; and Mr Ales. Whaon, £lO. The secretary of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society made thg pheeriog announcement at the meeting of that body heid on Saturday that when .the siim due to the society from the Goyernment, about £lOOO, * had been paid over, the assoohtioq wqqld be in the fjnajqcial position it had occupied (or jaany years past, ' It is proposed to remove the bapd,3tapd in the Agricultural Society’s grounds from its preseat position toons more northward. The objection against its present situation is that the people listening tg the band trample on the agricultural implements delayed on the ground in its vicinity. The dates of the next grand sheep show have been fixed for the 15th and 16th of Sep tember. The facility afforded exhibitors for the proper housing of thep' sheep will surpass that of all previous shows, tfie new sheds beiDg contrived to protect and shelter the exhibits; " « • The Phoenix Foundry .employees held their annual picnic* at the Botanical Qardegs on Saturday, and had a remarkably pleasant celebration, tbs weather being delightful, and everything passing off in the m os ‘ satisfactory manner. About o'clock a-tp- a large number of 'buses were in readiness at the foundry .to convey the picnickers to their deatinatiqn, and when tb® whole assemblage had arrived at the gardens there were about; 250 persons, young and old, in attendance, the matrons and young ladies; mustering numerously, and of course imparting quite a gay and happy appearance to the Beene. Messrs Shaw, Bropby, Lewis, Sewell, and other gentlemen were pre sent, and took a lively interest in- promoting the happiness of the assemblage. The cater* ing, which included dinner and tea in the rotunda, was performed by Mr J. Reid, of the New.York Bakery, Lydiard street, and gave complete satisfaction. The foreman of the foundry workshop, Mr H. Reid, assisted by an efficient committee, carried out the arrange* meats in very orderly style. The programme of sports was varied and interesting, compris* ing—Four-oar boat race, pair-oar boat race, tub race, sailing match, foundry handicap, old buffers' race, running high jump, tug of war, senior boys' race, junior boys' race, Siamese race, and pig hunt. Quoits, cricket, football, croquet, Aunt Sally, dancing, and other sorts were heartily patronised, and everything went “merry as a marriage bell.* The fouroar boat race was won by the fitters team—Morgan (atroke),. Stewart, Jamieson, and Ewins. The blacksmiths beat the turners, the fitters beat the patternmakers and moulders, and in' the final heat between the "blacksmiths and the fitters the latter won, as already' stated. Much interest was taken in the various events, on the programme, and immense amusement created, fun, frolic, and good nature characterising all the proceedings. A fine component feature of the affair.was .Ellis'band, which supplied inspiriting music during the day. Not a single hitch occurred to mar the celebration, and doubtless the event will long be remembered with pleasure by all who were present on the occasion. The Ballarat Fire Brigade made a second trial of its new steam fire*engine on Saturday evening in front of the Alfred Hall, where •quite a crowd of spectators assembled. With the Bingle branch a jet of water was forced over the flagstaff surmounting the hall, and the trial as a whole still further proved the efficacy and utility of the engine. " Mr William Scott, the Carngham miner who was recently admitted into the Hospital, Buffering from; severe injury to his back through the spanbeatn of a puddling machine falling on him, is at least quite as well as he was at the time he was received into the Hospital. He is. able to take a little food, and he speaks in a cheerful and somewhat vigourous tone,. •, A magisterial enquiry was held on Ist April by.Mr Thomas, J.P., at Dereel, nearCorind* hap, on the body of Mrs Catherine Franks. It appears that she had been complaining for some. time, and although her son; wanted to procure medioal aid, ißhe would not consent. She-died rather suddenly. A post-mortem. examination was made by Surgeon Nolan, of Linton, who found that Bhe died from fatty degeneration of the heart.' A. verdict was returned in accordance with. Dr Nolan's testi mony.’ A general meeting of members of the Bal larat Hebrew congregation was held yesterday (Sunday) at the schoolroom, Barkly street (Mr S. Cohen, president, in. the chair), which'was most numerously attended, the object beiDg the deciding of the site for the new structure, and the approval of the plans as prepared by Mr H. R. Caselli, architect. The utmost unanimity, prevails, and a determination was come to to erect anew building ia preference to making any alterations in the present, the only point of difference being as to the condition of the ground. Ultimately it was unanimously agreed on the motion of Mr C. Dyte, seconded by Mr Cohen—'* That anew building be erected on the present site, conditionally upon a competent surveyor's opinion being first obtained; and subject to the foregoiog resolution, that tenders be called for the work.”. We believe that in a Bhort time the Jews, will have reason to be proud of their new synagogue. Two persons were incarcerated in the City lock- up cells last night, one of them being shrewdly suspected of having, prompted thereto by the season, given his employer’s name and occupation instead of his • own patronymic. The Rev. Father Fennelly, of Smythesdale, offers a reward of £5 for such information as will lead to the conviction of the thief who stole his portmanteau from St. Patrick's Cathedral on the 24th February. The port manteau contained • soutane, surplice, and clerical cap, also breviary and St. Llguori's *' Visits to the Blessed Sacrament.” ’ The pro perty is valued at £l2. The Barkly street Wesleyan circuit decided at its last meeting to give a farewell and a re ception tea to the Revs. W. A. Quick and Thomas Adamson. The former gentleman has been their superintendent minister-during the ]&Bt; three years, and according to the nsages of the Wesleyan Church, is about to leave for bis new circuit. The Rev. T. Adamson is appointed his successor. It will be very gratifying to both these gentlemen to see a large gathering on the occasion. The miner named Padfield, who was ad mitted iuto the Billarat Hospital about three weeks ago, suffering from injuries sustained throagh his head having been jammed by the cage in the Fiery Creek mine, died about 1 o'clock on Saturday morning. The usual in quest in such cases will be held to- day at 11 o'clock. We may also state that Mr Punshon, painter, Sturt street, whom we mentioned in Friday’s issue as having been severely injured on the previous Wednesday by falling from the top of a cottage in Havelock street while painting the saddleboards, died at bis own re sidence about 12 o’clock on Saturday night. Mr A. Anderson, J.P., presided on the bench of the Town Police Court on Saturday morn ing, and sentenced Annie Ellis, charged with being an habitual drunkard, to imprisonment for three months. Mr Glenny, J.P., presided on the benoh of the City Court, and discharged one person and fined another in the usual amount for having been drunk and disorderly. At the Creswick Warden’s Court on Satur day, before Mr Akehurst, the application of Messra J. Billing and A. Sayers for a lease of 170 sores of the Creswick racecourse for mining purposes was heard. Mr Hardy appeared on behalf of the applicants, and Mr Burton on behalf of the trustees, who oppose the lease on the ground that injury would be done by miniog operations to the reserve. After hearing evidence and arguments the warden postponed the case for amicable settlement. We have received the Temperance News for the current month, which is replete with in formation of interest to abstainers, A man who gave his name as Ward, and said be resided at Wickliffe, presented himself at the Hospital about 5 o’cloak on Sunday morning, with his forehead cut,' and his general appearance showing that he had got rough usage somehow. He was accompanied by some persons, who said he bad fallen off a horse near the City of London hotel. The wounds were dressed at the Hospital, and the sufferer, who appeared to have been drinking, away with the persons who came with him. Tfie injured man made some remarks at the Hospital to* the effect that ho t-bought he had been robbed. The base seems to be one that promptly demands investigation by police. The Rev. W*. M- Bennett, Wesleyan minister, ans late superintendent qf the Scarsdale and Linton circuit, will ieave for Maiyborough,'.his new sphere of labour, on Wednesday next, and the Rev. H. 0. Knee, his successor, will com mence his duties pa Sunday #ext, when he will preach two sermons in connection with the Smythesdale ohurcb anniversary. The Rev. Mr Bennett, during his three years 1 pastorate in this circuit won for himself golden opiejece for his many amiable qualities, and his departure froip the district will be re gretted by all those who best knew hfs sterling worth as a true friend and faithful minister of the Gospel. The Rsv. John A. Stuart preached fore noon and evening qfJresterday in the lydiard street Presbyterian Church to crowded con* gregations. The text of the morning's sorinon is contained in the 9th chapter of St. Luke, Slat verse, and that of the evening 2nd Timothy, Ist chapter, 12th verse. It is moßt gratifying to observe that thq r&pid; increase under the brilliant ministry of Mr Stuart of his pqpgre gation necessitate the enlargement of the church, aqd steps are now being taken to at once accomplish this object. The number of inmates in jth.e HogitaJ ajb Jbe beginning of last week was 10£, of whom 27 were females, during the jyeek 13 males and 1 female were admitted, males cod i females were discharged, and I male and 1 female died, leaving a total of 100 inmates, of 23 were females. The total number of out-patlebte legated during the week was 691, of whom 94 were on the nejy Ijety The number*of jumates remaining jn the Benevolent Asylum at last return was 249, and dqring tbp ypeek three persons were admitted, inaklng a total of 293* of whom 42 were females. The number of outdoor recipients relieved during the week was 389 adults and Bs2 children; total, 732. Grand total, 984. i „ Th,P twenty-third half-yearly meeting of the Uoited Grenville IJistrict A.Q.F. was held on Friday evenjog at the courtroom of Court Merry foresters, Carngham. Present the officers of the executive. P.IJ.C.R. Br Dean Hart and EE-C.E. IJr Qillbooley attended as delegates from Codrt' Foresters’ Home; P.D.C.B Br V 7. Young and P-E-C.R. Br John Edgar from Court Good Intent; P.C.R. Br Phillips and P.C.R. Br Linsley from Court Merry Foresters. The auditors reported the books and accounts correct,, and congratulated delegates upon having the very satisfactory balance of £1762 5s lid to their credit. When the business of the meeting was over the brethren adjourned to host Linsley’s hotel, and sat riown-'to a alendid supper got up iu his beat style. The usual loyal and other toaßts of the order were duly proposed and drunk in bumpers, interspersed with several excellent songs by Brs Hart, Young, Phillips, and others. Avery enjoyable and convivial meeting was brought to a close at an early hour on Satur day morning. New accounts are lying at the receipt and. pay office, Smythesdale, for the following per sons T. F. Jordan, J. S. Lillay, E. Scott, and P. Hanley. At the Buoinyong Police Court on Friday last the jury lists were revissd. There were no additions or alterations.' 'Messrs Akehurst, -P.M., and Fowler, J.P., presided." ' Major W. C, Smith has been eleoted one of the vice- presidents of V,the 'Victoria • Rifle Association, and Colonelßede and Major Sleep members of the council • of • tbe' : associa tion. __ •, : The first issue of the Federal Australian has reached us. It has a lofty and patriotic pur pose, viz., the fusion of oar many Australian lands into one land, and the encouragement of the great natural industries of Australia, aud the paper, consequently has an unusually broad and comprehensive “ platform ” to advocate. It is splendidly got up, no expense having been spared, over its typograyhical production. It is full of excellent articles, reports, &c.;, but we have some misgivings as to its success, unless it adopts the juveualian motto, seizes on “whate’er inon do or think or dream,” and becomeß a “real live news paper,” giving to its readers a mores mis cellaneous collection of matter than- contained in its first issue. The paper iB to be published weekly. The value of the trotting horse as bred, in the United States has not hitherto been recog nised in Australia, but from recent indications we are inclined to judge that at no very remote date the breeding of trotters will be an im portant pursuit in Victoria. A first Btep towards the encouragement of the business has been made by Mr James A. Roberts, who has introduced to. publio notice here one of the grandest trotting stallions obtainable iu San Francisco, which is to be' devoted to stud purposes. Boccacio, . the animal referred to, waa exhibited in . Albert street to a large and admiring crowd on Saturday, and the exhibition of his symmetry, showineßs,' and pace, should have a'powerful effect in inducing breeders and owners of horses to enter upon the breeding of horses of so valu able a character. Boccacio cast his owner in San Francisco somewhere about £l4OO. He is a blood bay, 161 handß high, with black poiota, of a grand shape, and of the very finest strains of trotting blood in America.; He is undoubtedly the finest trotter yet imported: as everyone who witnessed bia going on Satur. day was ready to confess. His time for . the mile iB given at 2 min. 28 sec., but by a little fining down he could, iu the-opinion of bia trainer and owner, do the distance in at least' 5 sec. leas. He was hitched to a sulky, and sent for a fly up and down the Btreet in the pre sence of 300 of 400 people, who were delighted with the elegance of hie style and swiftness of his pace. Such ah- animal ■ as Boccacia put to good mares should produce au invalu able class of stock, and we trust to hear of hie. merits beiDg recognised in this district. To day the horse will be showa at the Miners! Racecourse, and to-morrow, as an advertise ment elsewhere notifies, be will again be exhibited in the oity. A telegram from Dunedin, New Zealand, which appears in the Wellington papers of the 16th March, says“lt ia stated that a posi tion in the Union Bank here has been offered to Spofforth, the Australian bowler.” A sale of Mr Bath’s pure Lincoln sheep will take place at hia Ceres property on next Thurs day. For years past (remarks the Sydney Daily Telegraph), New South Wales has been engaged in a race for supremacy with Victoria. Gradu ally her population has been drawing ud to that of the southern colony, and in point of revenue she has long been on equal terms. Now, however, New South Wales has no rival in this respect. For the quarter just ended the revenue has been £1,393,246 11s 4d, showing an increase of £464,765 3s 8d on the corresponding period of last year. Of course the increased dutieß ou spirits, and the opera tion of the stamp tax, have Bometbiog to do with this; but after making every allowance for new taxation, the result is as marvellous aB it is gratifying. The Qippsland Times understands that the Rev- G. Kelly is in Melbourne arranging for a deputation to the Chief Secretary with refer ence to De Thouara’ case, and for the presenta tion of the petition to his Excellency, praying for a commutation of the prisoner's excessive sentence. The petition bears the signatures of men of all conditions in our community, in cluding the ministers of religion in tha dis trict, lawyers, bankers, and of more than one juror in the caße; and we are sure that a sub stantial remission of the sentence pronounced by Judge Stephen will give general satisfac tion. Mr Foster has given notice in the New South Wales Assembly of a question whether the carrying of Cole's Circus by railway on Sunday was a breach of the Lord's Day Obser vance Act. The Times learns that one of Geelong’B oldest aud most respected citizens-is about to leave for the old country. We allude to Mr Charles John Dennys, together with his family, who is to sail by the outgoing mail on the 25th inst. Mr Dennys has been a prominent and useful townsman for about forty years. A fatal accident (according to Saturday's Riverine Herald) occurred at Moama ou Friday: evening to a man known aa “ Dan," who was employed by Mrs O’Sullivan, lessee of the Bridge hotel, io the capacity of generally use ful servant. The man was mounted on a ladder engaged in lighting the lamp outside the hostelry when he fell upon his bead with great violence. Dr Crossen was immediately sent for, but in the interim the man bad ex pired. It is believed that the base of his Bkull waa fractured.- The work of improving the entrance to Por‘ Phillip is (we learn from the Aye) being pro ceeded with in a very practical manner by a staff on board the Government steamer Vic toria, acting under the instructions and direc tions of the officers of the Public Works De partment. -With a view of correctly defining the positions of maDy rocks which are marked on the abarts, and of discovering any others which have not been surveyed, the vessel Bteams over'tha entrance, towing a long boom, which is sunk to a depth of 80 feet. Any obstruction to the fairway at that depth is thus indicated by the straining of the lines connect ing the bos® with tlje vessel, and a diver descends to asoertaiu its formation. Qaveial' have already been met with,' and they and others, which are considered as dangerous -to free navigation, will be removed by blasting, fhe yictoria will remain at the Heads until' the entire work is ppmpleted, as the Commis aioner of .Cuetpma is desirous of removing all Masons for doubting tjie safety' of the en .trA'npe. ' ’ ■ . The Qipjnfand W(rpifru states that “ the tube well being sunk at Igilmany Park ia rioy down 310 feet, and Mr Niemann, the con .tractor, expects to get a surface supply at ouce. Tha bore haa now passed through the timber drift previously mentioned, aod the stratum the fubes arg poly going through is ’ blaok sand. ' ‘ ' Immigrant girls have no difficulty in obtain ing domestic employment in the sister colony Mew 3°nth Wales. The Sydney Telegraph of Friday reports; —“ The single fetpajp immi grants by. the ship Devon were advertised to be on hire at the depot yesterday at noon. Precisely' at that hour the proceedings com menced, and about 200 ladies were present for PS r 6°59 of obtaining at least one of the 21 jjirls awpjtiog engagement. It may b.C imagined that, under these circumatapoes; con siderable baste and Borne inconvenience occurred in endeavouring to obtain admission to the hiring rooqj, wkicji way soon qrowded to excess, and the ever-obliging matron, Mrs Micks, ha 4 bgr hands fulf in endeavouring' to meet pll the demands njodo upon her. ' Every girl was hired in about twenty minuteß~onp aB housemaid, the remainder as general servants, at wages ranging from 6s to 10s per ffOtkj and averaging 8a 6d. The girls were a strong, hearty lot, and tj)e majority evidently hailed from tfye Emerald Isl§,!. Mr James Munro, the Ministerial pandldate for North Melbourne (the Argus reports), ad dressed a meeting of eleotors at Hotbam on Friday might. He bad tlje utmqat difficulty in obtaining a heaping, the greater portion of hu address being djrocted to tha reporters. He plaimed that the Exhibition had bacn a great jsuccess, and that we were now entering upon a season of prosperity, fie considered the Edu cation Act one of the n?oat useful bills onour Statute-book, but he had no objection to an honest it?'working.^ln conclu* sion, Mr Munro announced himself s firm-, supporter of; the present* Government and of' their Reform Bill.-'- Tho :maetiog terminated, in the utmost disorder, it* being ’impossible to ask the candidate questions or to .‘propose reso lutions. V • • It is stated (observes the Siverine Herald) that Messrs Greer, Aibury wine manufacturers, are exporting grapes from Aibury to Wodouga, where, in order to avoid the payment of 5s per gallon on exported wine, they will, make their wine for the Victorian. market. Even the grapes are taxed 9d per bushel on crossing the Murray. The entries for a six days’ go-as-you-please pedestrian match were received at Adelaide on Friday, and- amongst the competitors ; are Abley, of Ballarat; D. C. F. Moodie, of South Australia; Baker, the New South Wales cham pion; Edwards, the Australian champion; Swan, the New Zealand champion; J. Camp bell, J. Williams, and T. Seymour, of New South Wales; ; W. Byrne, of Melbourne; J. Malcom and J. Cotton, of New Zealand. An Argus telegram from Bourke says:— “ Four men who followed up the pioneer party from Bourke reaohed the diggings at Mount Browne after fearful suffering. They had to kill their horses and drink their blood. They also opened the veins in their arms for the same purpose.; They are still in a.precaiioua condition, and not expected to recover.” We (Argus) understand that Vice-commo dore Millar, of the cutter yacht Secret, has purchased the Red Gauntlet, Bchooner, which lately cameout from England to Sydney. This vessel will ba the finest addition yet made to the Victorian yacht squadron. The Right Rev. Dr Goold, Roman Catholic Archbishop of Melbourne, conducted a confir mation service in St. Bernard’s Church, Bacchus Marsh, last week. The Rev. W. O’Brien, the resident pastor, presented for con firmation forty-four girls and thirty boys. A fine specimen of the class of timber ob tainable in our forest (writes the Daylesford Advocate) passed through Daylesford on Friday eh route to the Kingston mines, in the shape of a spar 80 feet long, and as straight and even as an arrow. This infaht’giant was only about 2 feet through at the butt, and about 1 foot at the thin end. It was drawn by a team ot four teen bullocks. In passing over the new forma tion in Wilis square, the heavy weight forced the hind wheels iuto the earth up to the axle, but they were easily extricated, and the team passed on its way. " : ’ A political demonstration (the. Avoea .Free Press aaye).'.is, contemplated at Homobush. Messrs Bowman and Barr, the representatives of the electorate, and the leading men of the liberal • party, including the Chief ; Secretary, and Messrs Longmore, Dow, aod others,; will be invited to a banquet at Homebush at an early date. - i A strange fatal accident occurred at Queens cliffe on Friday morning. Pilot Gafford was breakfasting,' when he-gave bis child, a:girl three years old, a small piece of ham, and symptoms of choking quickly appeared. Three doctors were called in, and the child’s throat opened, but it was of no avail, and the child died in a few hours, the little piece oi meat having settled on her lunge. > Great sympathy is expressed for her parents, whoare generally respected. . The child was a lively ‘little crea ture, and. was playing about,happily in :the morning. •* The .manager of the Bank of. Victoria on Emerald Hill—Mr M. M’Leod—is about to re tire from the bank, in order to enter into busi : nesa in the city as a financial agent. Mr M’Deod •is one of the oldest servants of the Baok of Victoria, having held appointments for up wards of twenty-eight years. A singular incident of the electrical storm of last week may (the Qippsland Times avers) be seen.a short distance from the Fulham home stead, where a young green lightwood tree about 30 feet high was shivered into thousands of pieces by a atroke of lightning, the leaves and- splinters being epread over a perfect radius of _ about Bixty yards from where the shaft stood. Two dismembered forks of the same tree lie almost uninjured; and curiously enough the nearest tree in the same paddock,' about 150 v feet iu height, -and which one would naturally imagine more exposed to the electric fluid, Btands scatheless. Iu various other parts of the district similar evidences of the violence of last week's storm may be seen.’ ’ Catherine Warren, alios Wilkie, the woman who shot Mr NortoD, the late police magistrate in the head, at Dubbo, has been found guilty of, manslaughter, and sentenced to imprison ment for three years and six months. : The Lancefisld district has (the Argus aayß) been favoured with a most opportune fall of rain, which has greatly benefited the late potato crop. -' Farmers are noiv busily engaged ploughing. A large area of land will this year be cropped with wheat, oats, and barley. The grass pastures have also been benefited by the rainfall. Graziers, and especially sheep farmers, are quite jubilant at the prospects of good grass for the winter. _ ' Father Corcoran, who has been , acting in the Belfast district for the last twelve months or so as assistant to the Rev. J. O'Dowd is, says the Belfast Gazette, to be removed to St. Arnaud. A gentleman who visited Coranderrk telle the Melbourne correspondent of the ffamillon Spectator of an amusing conflict of wit that took place between the half- castes and the original blacka while he was present, “ Why, who are you ? " said a leading speaker among the pure aboriginals, pointing with a gesture of lofty scorn to one of his half-caste antagon ists; “why, whoare you; and where do you come from? Ah! go ’long; you., come, here nil the eame, like it Scotch thistle." - The Melbourne correspondent of the Hamil ton Spectator says it is whispered that Casey will soon be offered the Attorney-Generalship, although minus a seat in Parliament to begin with. Mr Vale in such case would take the Treasury and the lead, as the gossip is now hardening ioto something pretty near akin to a definite thing with reference to the present Radical Chief's arranging to take unto himself the Agent-Generalship. : After the diamond, drill has been : tried in the Maryborough district tho Free Press states it will be shifted to test, the recently opened auriferous line of country between the town ship of Avoca and Bung Bong valley, where, it ia surmised, there ie one of the richest un opened leads of gold in Victoria. The Argus understands that Mr Patterson has placed £lOOO on the railway estimates for the purpose of clearing away the trees im perilling the safety of the Gippeland line. Saturday’s Herald oontains a telegram from Sydney stating that a fatal accident occurred the previous day at the Redfern railway ter miouß. Mr Frank W. Dawson, well known in Melbourne, bqt latterly employed as a press reader in the office of , the Sydney Morning Herald, wsb walking across the lines, when a train, which was being shunted, struck him, knocked him down, and inflicted such serious injuries that in a few momenta the un fortunate man died. Mr Dawson narrowly escaped a similar death on two ocpasioDS quite recently. Qoly last Thursday he wqs struck by a train, and bad his panta torn, aod about three mouths since -he .was also; struck, and bad_ his knee cap injured. Be was iu'Tthe habit of taking a short cut across the railway yard on his way from home to Sydney,- but unfortunately does pot appear to have "profited by his two' previous narrow escapes. The deceased was fifty-fiye years of age, an<| leaves a wjdosy gnd family of grqwq qp children. " Sandhurst has (the Advertiser 'claims) the honour of having the youngest child that haa yet received a certificate aB having passed the standard of education. Florence Hoaking, aged aeven years and eleven months, daughter of Mr T- Efoskiog, of State school No. 077, obtained th'd full ■numWr’ of ina’rka (gj.in'tha sth dais,’being 4 ’passes "in 'excess* of tfi'at entitling be? to the above tfistißcliou. Census atopies are comjog upon ua thick and fast. Mere is ona from the Colao Reformer:— “One sub-enumerator has corns to' grief already. An irate matron asked him * who he thmiohfi was ernin® fa hr\tPw— *-• —*.»• in,- ° .% * • o—o r— *uerseu wua mliog up his papers with a pack of nopsangs abouj ages ancf reljgious, and wh()re you wire born, a*J nota )jit of work* forher oft man these threa months.! She opined'«that"’it would be better become them to mind their own business and take off the taxes,' and she yyent o fi length till the sub-enumerator °H fc tbs tremble qf filling ud tba |ap.er woqld nqt 'fall■ h ß r hnsbsnd, M b»s4 Of {he family,‘ %en%a lady arose in her wrath and denounced her husband, the census, and the enumeiator too, and avowed that ‘she should like to see him |h?F wnte ;t to calf hjm, e lf head of {bo family, and bring iiomlnUgZ O threl tQ fine for -y 4llB ae S lM A‘}on that her husband had a head, so had a pin.’ The eub-enumorator, who is but a slim and delicate u Sn»‘ elt Tj th 1. 8 00 Piou» anif* aonofouß utterance, would haye gone lolig before oite S- a “-'T a l bBtwa ?“ Wfc'Md ‘ho W K i6 appease her wnn a joke, hoping to escape under cover of a laugh, and reminded hqr thft 111 piqs had not heads, exemplifying tolling pins. This finished him, 'for the next minute he was seen flying ; over the gate* which he says he jumped, but if so, why did his hat fly after him into the road Vwo minutes late, and why did he leave one of his coat tails behind him 1” The* number of sub-enumerators employed 'taking the census is 2000. The forms re quired were 280,000 in number. The action being taken for exporting frozen meat from Queensland, has already effect of raising the price of fat Block in the Rockhampton district. J ‘ ‘ Concerning the Pleasant Creek v ghost, story, we'find the following in Saturday’s iVetM:— " The mystery of the haunted house would appear to be solved at last. We ‘ may. mention now that the house alleged to be visited Iby uncanny creatures is that occupied by Mr Ingram and his family, in Patrick street, and the inmates were occasioned considerable uneasiness by the senseless freaks of the •ghost.* It appears that several young men were on the watch late on. Wednesday night, in order to ascertain if the noise3 heard were the result of human agency or not. At about half-past 12 o’clock a • ghost* was Been to rise from the ground in the moat approved ethereal manner, with the usual white sheet garmenture, and as it advanced towards the house in question emit strange groans and cries. The watchers, however, were deter mined to elucidate the mystery, and they accordingly advanced towards the figure, which, doubtless trusting to its ghostly habiliments and cries, and to the innate superstition of human nature, also advanced towards them. As soon as the figure came within reach it was grasped, and on the sheet being torn off disclosed the features and form of a young woman who resides in the neighbourhood. After talking to the culprit well, the watchers allowed her to go home. The case may have been one of somnambnlism, so that the young woman would not be responsible for : her aetions; but it is more- than probable that the whole affair arose from a.senseless and wicked desire to frighten; neighbours. The suddenesa of the apparition, and its seeming to come out of the earth, are accounted for by' the fact that on the allotment of land' from which the 1 ghost ’ came there once stood a public- house, which was recently removed. The cellar of this building furnished a good hiding-place whilst the sheet was being donned, and also added to the deception by giving the ‘ ghost ’ an appearance of having comB from the bowels of the earth.” Mr G. P. Sinclair, the well-known mining •manager at Waterloo,' was (the Advocate states) made the recipient of a very handsome present from the workmen em ployed-at the-Waterloo Company’s claim, at which claim Mr. Sinclair has been mining manager .for a lengthened.period. jThe pre sentation took place' at Vowles’ hotel on Friday evening,'and Mr-Thomas Noble occu pied the chair. Mr Charles Grey made,the presentation in. a few suitable words. '■ Mr. Sinclair •! returned • thanks for the gift, and expressed bis surprise at being thus honoured.' Toast and sentiment were exchanged, and a very pleasant evening' was spent. The gift consisted of a very handsome gold albert and locket, the latter bearing the following in scription:—“Presented to - George . Sinclair, mining manager Waterloo G. M. ,Cos., by the workmen, as a mark of esteem.” Mr Reynolds deserves to be complimented for the action he has taken,;as detailed in the following paragraph from Saturday’s Arguz: 2 The two candidates for North Melbourne who were standing in.the Constitutional interest agreed to submit their 'claims to the arbitra tion of-a committee of the electors. 1 Mr Reynolds nominated two electors, Mr Quinlan two, and a fifth was agreed.- upon. The com mittee'was then composed as follows:—Mr A Barne, Mr J. L.-Carroll, Mr 5. Lennon, Mr. D.' O’Callaghan, and Dr Hearn. Mr Reynolds was present, and stated his intention to put bimßelf thoroughly in the hands of the committee, and. to work ; for Mr Quinlan in case that gentleman should be The committee thanked him heartily for this hand some conduct. The decision was unanimously in favour of Mr Quinlan. Mr Reynolds, there fore, although" his nomination-paper has been put in, will withdraw. 