A. Haunted Hamlet. The Fxtraohuinatiy Fxi'i wine or a Stholl im; English Pla visit I was the leading man. We had been " barn- storming" through the provinces for some months, and the season was drawing to a close. So, too, was the time for a certain note I had drawn when the season began. Not having money enough to purchase my stage dresses, 1 had borrowed from a London Shylock, telling him that as loading man my salary was princely, My bill was already overdue, when, by some unlucky chance, my sharp creditor heard of the smalhioflB of my salary. He wrote fiercely to demand the amount of the bill I had given him, or threatened immediate proceedings. I put him off as well as I could, hoping for something to turn up that might enable me to satisfy his demands. Three nights before we closed my benefit was to come off. I had put up " Hamlet" and " The Road to Ruin." My announcing the former of these much annoyed the manager, who had not sufficient confidence in my experience to trust me with the Danish Prince, but he at last given way. Perhaps his compliance with the more easily obtained through the influence of his daughter Amy, who was to play Ophelia. In the early part of the season we had contracted an alliance, not only offensive and defensive, but also amatory, and with connubial eventualities. The slightest hindrance to the eventualities was the extreme smallness of my salary and the utter nothingness of Amy's. Her father put her down at a high figure in the treasury books, but scrupulously drew the money himself. Well, every bill-board bore the announcement, in bills half a yard in length : " Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, by Mr. Arthur Stanley ; Ophelia, by Miss Amy St. John for rest of characters too small bills." Things went well. Every sent in the boxes was lot, and the tickets for pit and gallery had gone off so well that less than the average amount taken at the doors would over flow the house. The old church clock telling the important hour of six warned me to hurry from my lodgings in that temple of fame in which I fondly hoped I had Fccuted a niche for myself. As I walked along I began to taste the pleasure e of celebrity. Shopmen nudged each other us I passed. A couple of young ladies, whose profession appeared to be " millinery," looked at me from under their bonnets, and thou repeated my name. in a whisper loud enough for me to hear half-a-dozen yards from thorn. This is indeed renown," I muttered ; " what matters it that my salary is small, when my fame is becoming so great ?" As I said the words, I felt a hand upon my shoulder, and turned, with the glow of exultation still suffusing my cheek, " Mr. Arthur Stanley, I believe, sir," said the acceptor. "That is my name," I replied, trying to hurry on. " Excuse me, sir, then," returned the man, "but you must come with me. At the suit of Moses Cohen, for twenty-five pun ten, and costs." He handed me a small slip of paper I dare any you cut guess its consents and took me by the arm. "This is most. unfortunate," I said; had it been but one night later I should not have minded." " Case of ' hook it,' I suppose," said time and " On the contrary, I should have been able to have discharged the amount. I suppose you couldn't put off the arrest till after business this evening ?" "Not on any account," replied my captor, and I saw that he quite meant what he said. This, then, was the end of my ambitious aspira- tions. Instead of the glare of the footlights and the plaudits of an audience, I was to have the darkness and stillness of a gaol I folded my arms in despair, and defied my fate. "Let us go," I said, "for to-night was appointed for my benefit ; but no matter. Denmark's a prisoner goodly folio, in which there are many confines, wards, and dungeons I' Lead on." As I turned to accompany the bailiffs man, a messenger from the theatre accosted me. " Oh, Mr. Stanley, the man said, "I am sent to tell you that we've no ghost, ; Figgins has just come in awfully drunk." I was about to answer him, when my captor interrupted me, asking me if I had put up " Hamlet." Upon my replying in, the affirmative, he said he thought he could help me. He had been a member of an amateur theatrical club, and the ghost of Hamlet's father had been one of his most successful attempts. If I liked he would sustain the part on this occasion, and, thus keeping his eye upon me,- would postpone my arrest until after the performance. I saw that vanity instigated the offer, but, as drowning men clutch at straws, I accepted the proposal, and hurried off to the theatre with all speed, accompanied by my obliging Nemesis. in the difficulty the manager consented to my supposed friend's offer, and, a few hints sufficing to take the place of I rehearsal, half an hour before the curtain was to rise saw the bailiff's man donning the armour of I the inebriated Figgins. Up went the curtain, to a house crowded to the ceiling. The tragedy commenced with every promise of success, my reception was most flattering, and the applause which greeted my points almost made me forget the presence of my custodian, who watched me with ever-vigilant eyes from the wing. I was naturally apprehensive of the manners which the ghost would be rendered, but the interview with my father's shade was as satisfactory as it would have been had Figgins himself embodied the spirit, although it must be admitted that spirits were peculiarly in his line. As the words, " Adieu, adieu I Hamlet, remember me," were uttered, generous applause rewarded the exertions of the stage-struck bailiff. With a sigh of relief, I was about to apostrophise heaven, earth, and the other place, when, turn- in, I saw my father's spirit still upon the stage, " Leave the stage," I whispered, supposing that my friend had forgotten his exit. ' To my horror the ghost replied, with an oath, not loud but deep, that he would see me d d first. It was in vain that I reiterated my directions ; the ghost would not give up. And, feeling that the situation was critical, I went on with my past, and strove with extra vehemence to carry the audience with me, so that they might overlook the presence of the implacable shade. Either the audience were not at home with the text, or looked upon the ghost's remaining as-a new reading, for they gave no sign of disapproval. When Horatio and Marcellus came on, however, their wonder almost brought on the catastrophe, but I urged them to go on, and the act drew to a conclusion, with the novelty of the ghost speaking his injunction over my left shoulder. The drop down, I showered expostulations on my persecuting father's head, but he turned a deaf ear to them all. "I'll tell you what it is, guv'nor," he said " I ain't wishing to be at all annoying' of ungentlemanly to you, but I had to arrest a gent in your profession once, and obliged him by waiting until the performance was over, when blowed if he wasn't shabby enough to get taken down a trap at a the end, and bolt. I thought of that while I was on the stage just now with you, and, if I leave you again, my mother was a Frenchman." Without going into the question of his parentage, I promised to surrender myself at the end of the evening, but it was to no purpose, he was obstinate. In the absence of the manager, who had been luckily called away, I confessed my dilemma to the prompter, and he, influenced by good feeling, and the promise of a present on the morrow, consented to allow the tragedy to go on, in spite of my being perpetually haunted. In a few minutes the tale wins in every dressing-room, and the company choking with laughter ; but, as it was not an affair of theirs, they did not offer any objection to the constant interpolation of my father's accursed spirit. Polonius's interview was shadowed by his presence, and, although the ancient chamberlain took his leave, the substitute of Figgins remained a fixture. Plagued by lioeencrantzatul Quinlan stern, I was still more bored by the abominable state ; he intruded upon my interview with Ophelia, listened to the scolding I gave the queen, and looked on while I stabbed Polonius. I felt like a man who on the steps of the gallows receives a reprieve, Alas I my head was not out of the noose yet. As I was standing at the wing, in readiness for my entrance for the fifth act, I noticed the manager looking on from the other side, I shuddered. I know his violence and tyranny, and I trembled at his age should he stay there to witness the ghost's unusual presence, spoke to the bailiffs may ; 1 implored him to leave me for the rest of the tragedy ; I promised him money, any thing he should demand, but it was in vain. My anxiety to be away from him only confirmed him in his suspicions that I wanted to use the opportunity to escape. Despair made me desperate. I called a scene shifter, and, while I pointed to one of the fly pieces, as if it was of that I was speaking, I whispered words of very different import in his car. The man nodded and hurried away, while I to keep up appearances, again begged the ghost to remain invisible of course without making any impression upon his obstinate nature. In a minute the scene shifter returned. " It's all right, But-," he said. "It will he arranged directly." A glance thanked him. " If you still persist in being at my elbow," I said to my ghost, " I must trouble you to shift your quarters as I enter at the' back of the scene." He accompanied me as requested, followed by the score-sheet, and as we stopped I heard the case given for my entrance. I turned to my ally, who stamped sharply on the stage, and, a knock underneath replying to his signal, he said the ghost, in the trap upon which they stood opened, and in a moment they were both hidden from my sight. The bailiff's man know enough of stage mechanism not to venture upon a struggle while descending a trap, and, although he gave me a parting look of reproach and anger, he knew that he was unable to oppose his fate. Thus relieved in mind, I hurried on for the grave scene with a lightened spirit, and everything went well accordingly. My quips with the grave-digger, my Yorick speech, " Imperial Caesar, dead and turned to clay," all brought a ton out of Stephenson, and when I leapt into the grave the whole house was enthusiastic. I had just said to Laertes, "I pathos take thy fingers from my throat," when I felt other hands, besides those of Ophelh's brother, assail- ing me. I know too well who grappled me and assured that the time for expostulation was gone, I prepared for a short struggle to got rid of the ghost, at any rate for that scene. At the mum moment I heard the deep tones of the manager, but in the confusion I could not understand what he said I had not long to wait, however, before I saw the execution of his 01 rivers. The first grave-digger, advancing from the back of the scene, seized the ghost by the arum and, giving him a preparatory swing, slung him on his shoulders and walked off the stage with him. The violence of the motion had loosened the fastenings of the helmet, and the final work shook it from the bailiff's head, displaying a vast quantity of unkempt carrots hair. The house was in clear, and when, amid the din, the angry glOBE was heard threatening in language far from ShnkBporean, and certainly not polite, the audience seemed a congregation of lunatics. I jumped from the grave, but soon such a storm of laughter hailed me that, with one look of terror at the audience, I rushed off the stage as I heard the manager's indignant orders for the prompter to " ring down." I did not dare to ask the manager to renew for next season. I know it would be hopeless. I lost no time in waiting for engagements else where, but I met with constant rebuffs. Ono manager declined negotiation, "m he did not keep a bailiff's man in the theatre." Matters at last became em tons the funds remaining from my benefit were gone. A vacancy for a clown occurred. I replied as Signor Antonio, obtained the engagement, and, six months after I had played Halles for my benefit, I went on as a clown in a pantomime. " To what base uses we may return, Horatio Synon. The change in the riding habit worn by the Princess of Wales (says an English paper, has been the subject of much talk and discussion among ladies in England, and may be interesting to horsewomen bore. The now riding habit is made with a shortening gored to the knees, so that the position of the rider is Befor in the saddle, being unencumbered with the heavy folds and useless length of drapery hitherto worn. The skirt cannot be blown about, and is thus prevented from revealing the foot and ankle, which can never look graceful when stretched over the side of the house to reach the slit up. The skirt worn by the princess is not much longer than an ordinary drawing-room costume, and light, easily raised by the wearer without the danger of causing a stumble, which so continually happens with the riding habit usually worn. ' A Light-Furn id Battersea lady who went bathing in the river put on a pair of clippers with heavy cork Bales to protect her feet from the pebbles. She had scarcely waded out to a point where the water reached her waist etc She was seized with a wild untamed desire to stand on her head, but the conventionalities of society would be shocked by such an act, she know, and, by a remarkable exercise of will power, or something of that sort, she managed to keep her feet under her. After sending out a few feet farther, however, the desire to indulge in a little gymnastic exercise overcame her scruples, and in a jiffy her feet were pointing up to the north star, while her head was groping about for a good resting place in the sand at the bottom. A gentleman who witnessed her dilemma swam to her assistance, and holding her head above water lowed her feet ashore. When she next bathes she will probably wear leaden choss, Anecdote of Ahtemus Waiid.-Half-a-dozan of Brown's associates were sitting one day in his room at the village hotel where he boarded, when an old woman drove up to the store opposite with a pair of donkeys-a jack and jenny hitched to a little waggon. Jack was the noisiest State in the country. He had a voice worse than the handle of the town pump on a frosty morning, and was proud of it. In a minute his tail rose to a horizontal, his nose was thrust forward, his lips parted, and the boast blow his infernal blast. A second and a third time it was repeated. Arteinna quietly thought that thing might be fixed," and disappeared from the room. He went over and appeared to make a careful inspection of the fore wheels of the waggon, the harness, and the hitch-up, and came back saying that the donkey was all right ; the brute must have made a mistake about something. Presently there were indications of a movement on Jack's part ; the neck was extended, the lips curled, and the tail rope to the pivotal point, and no further. The trumpet didn't sound. Jack thought there was a mistake somewhere - hesitated - reflected - and tried again. The front part some of it was all right, but the equilibrium could not be reached. After a time another attempt was made, and failed, ' Jack turned his head round to ascertain the cause of the failure, but couldn't see any, The fifth vain attempt to bray was followed by a spiteful kick at Jenny, but it didn't cure the matter At last he gave it up, and stood at that store door the most neglected looking discontented donkey in existence. Meantime Artcinus enjoyed the fun, and discharged a rattling fusillade of pungent humour that kept the party in a roar, and made the whole affair, one of the most ludicrous that I ever experienced. Artemus had attached a heavy stone to the donkey's tail, leaving just play enough to the cord to allow the beast to get his tail nearly up to " concert pitch" 