ADELAIDE SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. BY ""FIRST WATBB. The .Clare folk held their annual meeting on the BungarCe Cjurae on Tuesday, in the presence of some "1,500 spectators. The fidds as a iule. were rajher select, but with the Great Northern and Onkaparinga Meetings in view this could scarcely be - wondered at. It does seem strange that the majority of country racing clubs are so religiously particular about keeping the names of their handicappars in the dark ; and this not only applies to Clare but other Clubs as well. It has been pretty freely rumored about town during j the last week that the Clare weights were made by a bookmaker. The racing commenced with a Maiden Plate of one mile, for which only three put-in an appearance. The Lockleys trained colt, The Moor, :was made a hot favorite, and despite | one or two deliberate jostles on the part of the country jockey, Morrison, on Dutchman, and a cut or two across the face of the rider of The Moor, he "won .very comfortably at the finish, by two lengths. No notice was taken by the Stew ards of Morrison's conduct, and he was allowed to go scot free. The Clare Cup, the principal j event of the meeting, attracted a field of four only, and two of them, Mountaineer 7st. 12lbs., and Aurora 7st. 71ba., were both freely backed by 1 their different admirers"; the winner, however, turned up in Shamrock, an aged son of Peter Wilkins, who was thrown in at 6st. 71bs. The otlier competitor, Gunn, was never in the hunt j from .the Btart. The winner was imported from ! Tasmania some time ago and was intended for use ; as a . carriage horse, but liaving displayed a turn of speed he was put in training and has, I hear, only felt'the "pang of defeat on one occasion, it ijeing caused by the saddle shifting. His easy ; victory will no donbt cause a little change in the ' betting on the big handicap up North, where with his penalty he will only have to carry 6st.-121bs., and jas-"they~aetually ran nearer two miles than one j "add "three-quarters, and considering thai he won with fully a stone "and a half in hand he must be I dangerous. The Steeplechase attracted the largest field of the day, eight putting in an appearance. The race was a chapter of accidents from, start-to finish; the first to come down being Mistake, at the first fence, then the hurdle racer, Miss Banter followed suit at the second, while 1 the favorite,- Blackfish,. who ran in the name of ] Mr. J. Hart, spoiled any chance he ever possessed , (and that was very little) by running, off. The 1 second string of the Lockleys stable, "Warrior, then took—up the running and made the pace very merry till he brought himself down, after which there were only three left in the "hunt, the ancient "Whitefoot, who was fencing beautiftdly, ; 'Betef, *"and Iricy. " Half a mile from home the old Warrior was beaten and Peter then challenged ] Lucy; the last jump but one they cleared together, but the last one Peter struck heavily, which allowed Lucy to get away, and she won rather comfortably by a couple of lengths. The victory of Lucy should be the means of con- 1 vincing the handicapper or handicappers for Onkaparinga that the estimate they formed of her is altogether wrong. Instead of her being an ' uncertain jumper and coward, she has given ocular demonstration that she is not only a great jumper but possesses good pace, and is as game as a pebble. The Shorts of half a mile, once more saw the handsome Moor returned a winner, and J as he seems to be improving very fast we shall no doubt see him successful in more important. engagements. The Buugaree Stakes, one and a j half miles, was contested by only three horses, Mountaineer 8st. 12lbs, Alethe 8st., Barmaid 6st. 7ibs. The Gang Forward Filly, on whom I 5 to I was laid and who had considerably the j worst of th; weights, winning in the most hollow fashion. The racing was brought to a termina tion with the traditional hack race, for which seven started, and the Steeplechase favorite, who was just in the class of race he always ought to be, wan rather cleverly at t'- e finish. The Great Northern Meeting which is to be held next Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, is causing a deal of interest, though as I anticipated the fields with the exception of the Steeplechase will be very select. The Flying Handicap has an acceptance of five; the two-year-old Topaz with 7st. 31bs. being the top weight, then there I is Struck- Oil, 7st., The Moor 6st. lOlbs., Dutch man 6st., and Middleton, 6st. If Struck Gil starts, about which I am doubtful, he should about win; but in his absence I fancy The Moor. Topaz Is not so" well as he might he, and may he an absentee, but of this I am not certain. The mighty Sussex has frightened sixteen out. of the Hurdle Race, the-five left in being Sussex 13 s t. lOlbs., Sarcbedon list. 51bs, Abbott lOst 71bs, Avalanche lOst, and Leo 8st 71bs. Sussex I don't expect to see start, aud as Watson has two in and can .only win with one the race may be said, to -rest, with three o ilv. Sarchedon's big seisond in Melbourne to Sir. Peter, has given his admirers any amount,.of. confidence in his ability :to win this race. " It must, however, be home iu [mind that he has., something like 2st. more to carry than he had on that occasion, and though it may he argued that the distance .will be one mile less I tliinb this will be.more against him than io his favor. ■ Abbott, at lOst, 71b., I must candidly j 'admit I don't like. I once thought he would make A, brilliant hurdle racer, but my opinion is changed considerably, and until I see him show /anything like form I shall keep off him. His j stalle companion Avalanche I know nothing of, but I hear she is a great jumper. The only other ; remaining is the light- weighted Leo, a big up- | standing chesnut that has done some useful and profitable work at Port Lincoln, previous to his j coming to town. Some .twelve months ago he met! with a slight acciderit^and has been spelled ever since. On several occasions he has shown his abili ty to gillop, and as he has taken very kindly to • the jumping business, I fancy he must play an im- i portant part - in the race Under notice. He is -certainly not in the best of condition, nor will he j be till about' the. May meeting, but. still I fancy he is quite.forward enough to. hold his own up . North. As I before mentioned, Fve no doubts: : aboutdds p.ace, and little less about his jumping pow.drs, I shall therefore select him as my sheet ancbor. for the Hurdle .Race, and plaeethem—. Leo, Sarehedon, and Abbott. The Great North ern''Handicap, of one mile and three-quartersirff ~" tOnrernavnirig in; but with Hie exception of D< ;Carlos, Totalizator, and* Shamrock, they are aj very moderate.lot; indeed,'I scarcely think it. worth while looking any further than beyond | these tlitee for the'winner. Don Carlos will have j to put up a 71b. penalty,; which will make his I weight 8st.-91bs., and even at that I believe he is well; able .to win. If ever - there was - a horse underrated, this is one; ^Totalizator, .it' will be remembered, -won no less than fottr races on this same coursV last year, three of them, I believe, in one*day. With 7sl-91bs. "he should makeA respectable show, but I doubt his ability to win with the performance of Shamrock, on Tuesday! , staring me in the face. Heisanaged horse, and from all aecpunts a well-bred one, and although he has never yet' niet'anything-first-class, still his performances have .{teen. sp,_ good jjbat. respect must be paid him. Wehaveno reliable authority of what he really can do beyond j the--feet that he - has only been beaten once, to which may be added his easy, victory at; Clare. / Sarehedon, Mountaineer, Miss Banter, and -the other, four . may be summarily, .dismissed ' as! hot having a ghost of a show, and in summing up, I. might stat^thafcl expect to -sec. a great race between "Don. Carlos, Shamrock, and Totalizator, and shall expect to see them finish in the order named. . The sensational race of the. .meeting will' be the - Steeplechase, for which.aixteen have cried- con* tent, and it may be fairly supposed that at least a dozen will fkeetiie starter. The'two Victorians, Sussex and Himalaya, arrived on Thursday by boat, and at once proceeded to their destination. Sussex, with 13sb. lOlbs., stands out prominently as the greatest hurdle racer Australia , evCrviRiw, and if lie can win the Steeplechase at Gladstone witiTliis "weight, he w ill h&ve;'suceceded improving himself a-demon over the big sticks -(that is-jf lt J" is the intention of the stercards to jnake the;race . a steeplechase.in character as .well as in name, and so be different from last year), but I sm- noti so infatuated with him as to thinkhe has no equal in the colony, for I firmly believe there is another^- - horse in the race- Who us - qinfe'iis1 cquah ivAJLoj^. . of money has; been'put on "him, and hisj jbaekcra ^'j; are always ready and willing to jake fours to one about him in hundreds. He—will be ridden by Mr. Glasscock, a wen-knownMelbourMjamateur, ; so on that score nothing will- bey wanting, "but I shall give my vote for something else lower down the list. Himalaya is big enough to cany hid 13st., but I doubt successfully with" Mr. Pile's grey son of Snowden, Snowstorm,rwho has-list* ^ I have taken such a fancy bo tins beautifulgreyTi that I imagine he must win. (He is jnsfr as yrell bred as Sussex, and is streets ahead of everything . . else in pedigree. One of my objections to "the chance of Sussex is, that lie "has not been in work long enough, and it- is mainly:' oh -that objection that I am so fond of Snowstorm's show. If I - mistake not, he has not appeared in public since his victory at.Sandhurst, some twelve months ago, but ever since he has been "doing good useful work. In appearance, he looks particularly.well, and a gallop T saw-irim"do lately, T "thought I - -never witnessed armore' beautifal machine-like— mover. Sarehedon; at-the same weight I can't " - have, and Timberoo will probably go to assist Snowstorm. Miss Banter and The Joker are out of place, - but Lucy has a show with lOst. 21bs. Midnight has not a bit too much weight, but I - don't think he has the pace.": Old -Mouudbng must run against me, so must -Warrior 9st. 71bs., Tancred 9sfc, 51bs., The Peer Sst. 121bs., and Trump and Gunn at 8st. lOlbs^ bnt Sultan with 8st. 12lb. will have something to -say at the -finish. : . He is improving very fast, and moreover is very well. This completes the list, and to spot the winner is rather difficult. If the race is a-sloW>. run one, Sussex must have a show, but if a pace be made—and I've no doubt it will—by either Timberoo Or Warrior, and perhaps both, - then I can't see him as the winner, but in selecting four, I shouldput him in, together with Snowstprm, Lucy, and Sultan; and-to reduce them to singles, I should pat Snowstorm, ^Saltan, and sSussex as - likely to fhrnish the three1 first places. - The - Autumn Handicap must be a gift to Totalizator, judging by his defeat of Alethe, at Morphettville, and his more recent victory over Mountaineer at Clare.' The other races call for no comment. . 