THE ABDUCTED. CHAPTER VII. Poor wretch, that for thy mother's fault Art thus exposed to want and what, may follow:— Shakespeare. Mr. Bussel left Mrs. Bussel in the morning-room, with a red, sharp, angry face, stitching away with a vengeance at a shirt of his. Mrs. Lackaday was sitting by the fire, gazing out of the window on the crisp expanse of snow sparkling in the (morning sun, and calling the bright-eyed, active robins, who looked in at her from the window-sill, and whom she was too lazy to feed, poor dears! and wondering what would become of them. Mina alone could not tear herself from the 'little stranger.' No; not even when Miss Tabby went to attend to household duties, mincemeat, Christ mas pudding, roast beef, turkeys, &c.; &c;, and to superintend the progress of the bazaar. Miss Tabby had also to see to the distribution among the village poor of blankets and Christmas dinners, and to visit many old and sick, proteges, and to call and inquire after the under-gardener's wife, a fine young woman, who was just taken ill, and about to give birth to her first child. On former occasions kind Aunt Tabby had always tried to induce the rather musing, dreamy, absent Mina to assist her in the performance of these duties. But seeing the intense delight and interest which Mina took in the ' little stranger,' Aunt Tabby, who had a kind, amiable habit of letting people be happy in their own way, left her in what was henceforward to be called 'the nursery." She was watching the child as it lay on Becky's knee, and asking all kinds of questions of that now great authority connected with the nurs ing and rearing of babies. And Becky, feeling her importance, answered like an oracle of old, that is to say, with a curious mixture of dignity, mystery, and ignorance. 'Poor Mina,' said Aunt Tabby to herself, 'she is like a child with a new doll, and I'm. glad of it, for it's very dull for her here now there's no Lady bird to talk to and share her occupations and amusements; no Oswald Egerton to follow her like her shadow — not even her cousin Grasper Mountjoy to quarrel with. She was growing more thought ful, silent, and musing than ever; and no wonder, shut up in an old country-house, with nothing but elderly people, not even her cousin Mountjoy com ing this Christmas! Then, too, I'm sure she misses poor Oswald; she was quite another creature when he was with us. I always fancied he loved her and that she knew it, and that there was no love lost between them ; but then her father's pride, and his great expectations and am bitious plans and hopes about her made her hide away anything of the kind in her inmost heart: for if she loves her father much, she fears him more. I'd rather, for my part, see her engaged to Oswald Egerton than to the Earl of Beaudesert ' — Oswald is such a fine young fellow; and as her father's ward, they've been so intimate from child hood. But I see through it all. My brother got him that appointment abroad just to part them; and I can't help thinking Gasper Mountjoy had a hand in it, and put her father up to getting Oswald away. Poor Mina! "Still waters run deep," and calm and cold as she seems, I suspect there's a volcano beneath the ice in her breast. How moved she was at the sight of poor Ladybird's helpless babe! How she sobbed, and then fainted dead away. Talk of Mina being cold-hearted after that! I believe, with all Ladybird's animation and eloquence, and fine talking, Mina has a thousand times her feeling and passion. So much the worse for her, if she has.' Woodhurst was a very curious old place, com bining many different styles of architecture. It had been added to by different possessors under many different reigns. Of the most ancient part of the building none, nave the hall, was much used by the family. The rooms in the old wing were low, black, and inconvenient, compared to the more airy, lofty, and spacious apartments of a recent date; and added to this, the ancient part of the house had, of course, the reputation of being haunted. There were many historical associations connected with 'Woodhurst Court to give it interest in the eyes of the archaeologist and even the historian. King John had used the place as a hunting-seat, and had summoned a hasty council there on some emergency, caused by his fraternal treachery to wards the brave Richard Cœur de Lion. It was probably from this circumstance it derived the name of Woodhurst Court. In the Wars of the Roses it had been frequently taken and retaken — sometimes the White Rose floating on the banner had waved from its tower, sometimes the Red. Cavaliers and Roundheads, in the latter days of the Protectorate, had disputed the posses sion of this romantic old place, the latter, during the time of Cromwell and his Ironsides, driving away the staunch old Cavalier, Woodhurst of Woodhurst, who, when that sad fellow, 'the merry monarch,' was restored, returned to the house of his fathers. In the old part of the Court there were sliding panels, secret closets, trap-doors, dungeons even, and, report said, a subterranean passage, communicating with what was once a wild inlet of the sea, a quarter of a mile off, with at that time only a solitary fisherman's hut built there, but where now a few pretty villas, gay shops, and a bathing-machine or two formed a watering-place. This subterranean passage, how ever, if it ever existed, which, was doubtful, was blocked up, and even its entrance, said to have been from a dungeon at Woodhurst Court, and its egress, supposed to be at a little cave among the rocks, were quite forgotten and lost. While Woodhurst was in the hands of the Griffin family (that is to say, from the time that our Mr. Woodhurst was twelve years of age until he was forty), the old part of the building had been shut up, just as it was, with, all its faded, old furniture, empanelled pictures, and ghosts. But when Mr. Woodhurst returned a very wealthy and successful man, a merchant prince, in short, to the home of his fathers, the old wing was then again thrown open. The dust, and cobwebs of nearly thirty years were removed; the rats and mice were driven from their citadel; and the sun and air were let into those ghostly haunts. As little girls, Mina Woodhurst and her cousin Ladybird could never be persuaded to do more than peep timidly in at what was called the 'haunted chamber;' yet their cousin, Gaspar Mountjoy, and Mr, Woodhurst's ward, Oswald Egerton, used to snatch a fearful joy from rummag ing about the old rooms trying to find out that mystery of mysteries, the opening of that sub terranean passage, in which the two boys and the little girls, Mina and Ladybird, devoutly be lieved. In former days a chapel and a small burial ground had adjoined a little garden at the back of the old wing, and though the burial-ground had long been disused, walled round, and was now a thicket — an impenetrable thicket of brambles and evergreens — yet it being there at all added much, in the minds of the vulgar, to the ghostly interest of the spot. No servant would ever enter this wing of Woodhurst Court alone. When scrub bings, scourings, cleanings, sweeping, and dust ings, &c;, were required, the maids — the old maids of the household— would not undertake the work, except in pairs and attended by one of the men servants. There was one especial object of great dread — that was a room hung with faded blue demask, and called the 'Blue Room' in which a former master of Woodhurst had, according to tradition, been found murdered; and whence, Then lying in state, his body had been stolen, or, as report said, 'spirited' away, never to be seen again on this side of eternity. That the Wood hurst of those days was murdered was a fact, and that his body was removed in a mysterious manner was also certain, but he was a Roman Catholic, and the Fortress, under Cromwell, were at that time triumphant. They were quartered at the village, and were close to besiege the court, when the master was found dead in his bed. That was probably the result of private revenge; but the stealthy removal of the body was of course to en able his friends to prepare it according to the Roman Catholic rites. There was a tradition also, that a grim portrait of this murdered man, the fine face of which had been merry and smiling before his death, had become pale and frowning after, and that across his bare throat there appeared a gash, and drops of blood on his point-collar. There was also dark-coloured stains on the oak floor, which, it was mysteriously whispered, no scrubbing would remove, and this was supposed to confirm the theory that this was the life-blood of a murdered man. There were many stories told to account for the murder. That most generally believed was that the Woodhurst at that day - a staunch Cavalier, and who though deformed, owing to an accident in hischildhood, was a man of singular spirit, strength, and prowess — has struck to the earth a Puritan leader who had tried to make love to Woodhurst's younger sister. The Puritan, it was said, hid himself behind the arras at night till Woodhurst slept, murdered the brother and then, with the aid of his soldiers carried off the sister. Her portrait was also in the Blue Room. Of all these traditions, and above all, that of 'The Ghost of the Blue Chamber', Mr. Wood hurst was very proud. Parvenus, he said, can have no family traditions, and ghosts never con descended to haunt any but old houses. His -nephew, Gaspar Mounjoy, an odd, fitful, and often gloomy lad, with an intense passion for archaeology, and a great delight in everything that is dear to the antiquarian, ? , when at Woodhurst, to spend long summer days and even long winter nights alone, in these ghostly haunts, poring over black -letter volumes, stored away there, and parchments hoarded in old oaken chests. He was looked upon with awe when he issued forth from the Blue Chamber by all the household, including Aunt Tabby and his young cousins Mina and Ladybird, and called, half in fun, 'The Ghost of the Blue Chamber.' When Gaspar Mountjoy was expected, with his mother, to join the family Christmas gathering at Wood hurst, the two old housemaids, backed up by the under-gardener, set to work about the, to them, nervous task of cleaning and putting in order the so-called 'Haunted Wing". But it seemed likely to be labour in vain, when Mrs. Mountjoy's account of her son's severe illness came to excuse his presence and hers at the annual festival. CHAPTER VIII. By pride angels have fallen ere thy time, By pride, the sole alloy of thy most noble tinture. — BULWER. Mr. Woodhurst was a very handsome man of about sixty. He looked, as handsome people generally do, considerably younger than he was. His bright 'blue eye, in which was set some spark of the Plantagenet,' had not lost its fire' his tall, upright form its shape and dignity; nor his limbs their pliancy and strength. There were many great and noble qualities in Mr. Woodhurst; a high sense of honour, an earnest reverence for truth, a chivalrous spirit (especially where women were concerned), and generous heart were among his best attributes. But he was proud, ambitious, stern, unforgiving, full of this world and its vain aspirations; and though regular at church, and loud and sonorous in the responses, his heart did not echo the confession of his lips when he said, too pompously perhaps, 'that he had done those things which he ought not to have done, and left undone those things he ought to have done.' Nor was the inner man stirred, except with worldly pride, when the outer one knelt on the crimson velvet hassock, and he turned his eyes; not to Heaven and his Father there, but to monuments, hatchments, and memorial windows parading the Woodhurst motto and its blazoned coat of arms. As he was still an active partner in one of our most flourishing City firms, he was obliged to be a deal away from that object of his pride, that, in every sense, ' Paradise Regained,' his ancestral home. During his frequent absences, Mina, when her cousin Lady bird was married, was left to the guidance of her own strange, deep, passionate heart, and to the companionship of kind, simple Aunt Tabby. Mr. Woodhurst had a town house— dear to him, because it had been the London residence of his ancestors. It was in Spring Gardens, and there Mina and Ladybird, while their education was in progress, had received the instructions of the best masters, and were placed under the care of a first-rate governess. This governess, an admirable spinster, of the name of Temple, had continued with Mina, as a friend, for a year after ' her occupation was gone,' and would have continued to live with her pupil, but that she was required to keep the house of an old, infirm brother, who had returned from India a wealthy bachelor. 