ECUMENICAL. BR PHCTETEE. | deluge of error—All the faithful men Irowned—The delightful dispute that can't ni until the end of the world—Did Christ lie chiefly to save the police trouble ?— Synod and Council—The constitution of an Icumenical Council—Convoeatio, Celebratw prijio—The 16 unchallenged Ecumenical lonncils.] AT is really what the Anglican Reformed btestant 39 " Articles of Religion " bring |to—an Erring Christ! Through a long, r valley of spiritual blight and desolab, thickly strewn with erring rites, erring aonies, erring worships of God, errcongregations of faithful men who had tthe faith; through erring "Churches" t erring morals, and erring doctrines, and i erring General Councils prescribing an ng discipline, and erring popes, who erred at when proclaiming their own inerrancy, IChristendom plunged in an ocean of univerlerror[asthe 39 Articles aver] "by the space 800 years and more." What could such a Huge of error end in but an erring Christ, br all this vast accumulation of "error" Eght have been precluded if Christ had only Kokan 20 words of plain, positive prohibition, [id, as He did not speak them, on whom but i Him do all the consequences of such silence 1st P He appointed no form of public wor- He sanctified no ministerial vestments, fce* gave no directions about ceremonies e conferred no authority on General buncils. He neither bade nor forbade Irayers for the dead. He never established t interdicted Seven Sacraments. He did t censure Extreme Unction. He did not lenounce auricular confession. He never id it was a sin tf> invoke the saints departed at of this life, that is, if we are to take the written word" as our source of inforation. Christ Himself speaks of Angel uardians sent forth to watch over those who re the heirs of salvation, but He does not add at it is an " error" to call on them for help a moment of trouble or of temptation. Ie left all those things without any fixed lie for 1000 years and more, so that Chrisbans had no means of knowing whether they Fere false or true. For the last 300 years in particular, "those who profess and call hemselves Christians" have never ceased to Tangle over them, and dispute fiercelyabout [them, and pursue one another with fire and jBword on account of them, some saying they |were divinely revealed, and others angrily, nd even wrathfully, asserting that all such doctrines came from hell.' And all this J scandalous and unseemly contention, so ob- Igfcructive of the progress of the gospel, so [injurious to the souls of men, could been averted if our most holy [Redeemer had only uttered a few words. I Was He forgetful, or worse than forgetful, of the future peace of His Church, and of the value of the souls He had so dearly purchased ? No doubt another Article may be added to the 39 in explanation. Some descendant of ! Cranmer may arise and say that Christ may have given very clear directions to His Apos- ' ties not to teach seven sacraments, or the duty of confession to a priest, or prayers for the dead, or the invocation of Saints and Angels; but the Apostles forgot or neglected to make a record of Christ's command. But this only throws the blame further back. If the scriptures were the outcome of Inspiration, then the question arises whether God the Holy Ghost allowed the Apostles to forget what was so essential for the welfare of the Church in all after ages. It seems to me far more rational, and far more in accordance with Christian humility, to believe that Christ never forbade or condemned prayers for the dead, nor Extreme Unction, nor any of the Seven Sacraments, nor invocation of saints, nor auricular confession to a priest, nor purgatory, and so forth. If He had condemned them, no pope, bishop, or priest could ever have stood up to teach them. And, because Christ did not give commandment against them, therefore they are aacofding to the mind of God, and are evangelical truths. Cranmer, the most "erring" of then existing perjurers and rascals, does not say who told him that the above-named doctrines of the Church of Christ were "errors." Certainly, the pure word of God did not tell him anything of the kind; and, in drawing up Articles XIX., XX., and XXI., he was simply a blasphemous liar and mouthpiece of the devil. SYNODS AXD Comronfi. It is one of the most curious of the mysteries of iniquity which have ever come under human observation how and by what agency such a man as Cranmer could have so fallen under infernal stupefaction, mentally and intellectually, as to pen (passing over all others) this XXI. Article, " Of the authority of General Councils." First, ho says that these General Councils may not be gathered together without the commandment and tiie will of of whom, think you, O esteemed reader ? God's will, is it? Not at all, but the will and commandment of princes, kings, emperors, presidents of republics ! Christ is thus placed under Caesar with a vengeance. The spiritual is put under the feet of the temporal. The Church is deprived of all freedom, and turned into a royal or imperial slave, to believe nothing, teach nothing, but that which princes may please to permit. This was the doctrine of Erastus. This was Cranmer's doctrine. This is an Article of Faith to the Protestant Reformed Anglican Church. This is the creed of the " Church of England," and it possesses this peculiarity, that it puts Christ again among the fools and impostors, and treats Him like an erring charlatan. The sovereign is the rightful head of the Church. The prime minister appoints the chief pastors. The parliament, composed of Jews, infidels, and heretics, are to legislate for the Church. And this was just the very system of redemption Christ came into the world to accomplish : to preach obedience and submission to kings as the prime duty of life. Christ died to save the police trouble and annoyance. Kings should rather admire a Church with articles so favourable to despotism and autocracy. It is waste of time to argue with such brutal Herodianism. It has won its way and gained its viotories, and rejoices in its triumphs. Neo- pagan Erastianism is now so rampant that it counts on the total extinction of the Catholic Church. It is of this world, and this world loves its own. Being practically the religion of all the Protestant sects, they all, by natural instinct, side with the world against the Catholic Church, and so it is that at the present time, more, if possible, than at any former time, on her, and on her alone, rests the glorious burden of bearing the Ark of the Covenant. If she could be completely destroyed in 50 years, the guillotine, the dagger, brigandage, and the brothel would remain as the sequel and sequence of the 39 Articles of Anglicanism: the Nihilistic finale of Erastian Protestantism. The probability is that Cranmer, the framer of the " Church of England," and moulder of its doctrines, was literally an atheist in his secret heart. This supposition would at once explain his public life and action. It is hard to conceive of any but an atheist con cocting such Articles as XIX.,XX., and XXI., in the Book of Common Prayer. He was, undoubtedly, a great scholar, an eloquent speaker in Parliament, in Council, and in Convocation. But he was also a heretic, and there is nothing too fiendish for heresy to conceive, or too base and besotted to undertake. As a heretic, and therefore, at least, a paralytic athesist, he demoniacally thirsted for the overthrow of the Catholic Church, and he overthrew her in England, and set up a starveling or Erastian scarecrow in her stead. This Erastian Protestant synagogue of Satan forthwith proclaimed itself the monarch's minion, sycophant, and pander, in avowing and preaching the ever-famous theory of Non-resistance to anything the sovereign proposed or demanded. It is very remarkable that Cranmer's 39 Articles should be " set forth " at the very time when a General Council was in session. "While the Catholic bishops of Europe and the Catholic princes were gathered together at Trent, Cranmer was assuring the "distracted people of England that " General Councils may not be gathered together without the commandment and will of princes, and even when they had come together, "forasmuch as all of them had not the Spirit of God—the apostate perjurer, as if he was taken into the confidence of God, and knew who had, and who had not, the Spirit of God—they may err and have erred, even in matters of faith.'' (Art. XXI.) The Lutheran rebellion in Germany, the Huguenot agitation in France, the schism in England, the unsettled condition of Poland, the still formidable power of the Turks, and the delirious fanaticism of the Swiss and German and Netherland Protestant sects, induced the Emperor, Charles V. [of Spain], to co-operate with and stimulate the Pope, Paul III., to call a General Council. Bishop Hefelé, in his very learned and useful book on the General Councils, gives a most interesting description, full of research and lucid reasoning, of all things relating to those grand parliaments of the Catholic Church known'as Ecumenical Councils, as of all other Councils [or Synods] in which the Church consults for her local, or her general,or her universal well-being. A General Council is not always an Ecumenical Council. A General Council may consist only of the bishops of the East, who speak the Greek language, or of the bishops of the West, who speak Latin. If, however, the decrees of a General Council of all the Eastern bishops be accepted by the West, with the papal approval, these decrees have the force of Ecumenical decrees. An Ecumenical Council is a synod or assembly of the rulers of the whole Church, under the presidency of the Bishop of Borne, or his legates ; and the decrees of an Ecumenical Council have the power of law over the whole Church. Then there are also mixed Councils, in which, by mutual consent, the temporal lords of a province sit with the bishops to consult for certain interests which in some way concern both the bishops and the nobles, br the Church and the State. Then there are National Synods in which the bishops and others, privileged, of a whole nation assemble,' as, for example, when the bishops of Spain meet on the summons and under the presidency of the Archbishop of bishops of certain adjoining dioceses or provinces, by ; agreement, and for mutual benefit, hold an assembly at some town, or city,or place agreeable to all parties. ÆCUMENICAL COUNCILS As regards these,they are only Summoned on occasions which affect the whole! body of the Faithful over the whole world, and either with respect to faith or morfals. Cranmer,'as a theologian, fully awaw of all the preliminary forms, end all the usages, cud all the requirements needed to constitute an ecumenical Synod proper. And it was on this knowledge fie worded his XX. fuj& XXI. Articles, expressly contradicting every mode of procedure pursued in such Councils. An Ecumenical Council could only be called together by the ..Ecumenical pastor or supreme bishop of the whole Church, or with his free consent. The Emperor of the Holy Soman Empire, or, as he was called, the Emperor of Germany, being, by Papal appointment, King of Rome and Protector of the Catholic Church, with the Pope's assent, had the privilege of calling an Ecumenical Council. The Holy Roman Empire commenced with Charlemagne, A.D. .800, and continued until Napoleon I., in A.D. 1804, or77 years ago, seized the imperial crown, with the iron crown of Lombardy, \- broke up "the Empire," compelled the Emperor to abandon the title of Emperor of Germany, and style himself the Emperor of Austria. The Emperor's privilegelapsed: but in the earlier ages of the Church, that is, from the reign of the Emperor Constantine I., A.D. 315, to the 2nd Nicean Council, A.D. 787, the Roman Emperors residing at Constantinople, or at Ravenna, acted as conveners, but always at the Roman Pontiffs special request and full consent, previously signified or immediately granted. The Emperors did not summon any Ecumenical Council on their own independent authority, but as spokesmen for the Pope, to whom all Christians, and even all Arians, knew the right of calling belonged. In those times the Popes had no control over many tributary princes of the great Empire in whose provinces bishops were labouring, as these princes were still heathen. The Pope could not ask these pagan princes to aid and assist Christian bishops, or give them protection on their journey to a Council. But the emperors of the east or west could issue orders to all governors of provinces and all tributary princes to give safe convoy and passport to all bishops on their way to a Council. At that timo the Popes were wholly without the means to provide accommodation and sustenance for 300 or 600, or 800 bishops assembled, say at Nicea. But the Roman Emperors were able, and Constantine the Great did pay all the expenses of the 318 bishops, for two or three months, while they were attending the Council of Nicea. The Roman Emperors, in all such eases, acted in the Pope's name, and as the Pope's deputies, and never as the Pope's superiors. From the time of Pope Leo III. the emperor's authority was no longer requisite, and it was dormant. All bishops of the Catholic Church, and other dignitaries who had the right or privilege, were summoned to an Ecumenical Council, where complete liberty of speech was enjoyed by all, and all were entitled to vote. Any sort of coercion or constraint was held to vitiate its character as an Ecumenical Council. THE CONDITIONS of an Ecumenical Council included three things :— 1\. Convoeatio. 2\. Celebratio. 3\. Exitio. In the Dublin Review for 1873 there is an able paper on the Vatican Council, which, in part following Hefele, enters into each of these constituent parts of an Ecumenical Council. The 1st is the summoning, which must come from the Pope, or the Emperor, with the Pope's consent and approbation. Charles V., in 1543-4 co-operated in the convocation of the Council of Trent only by his advice and suggestions, though, for the peace of Europe, and Germany in particular, he was desirous that an Ecumenical Council should be held to consider the Lutheran revolt, and heal the breach if possible; also for the reformation of discipline. 2. The Celebratio included all that related to the forming of the decrees of the Council, whether relating to .the faith or discipline. 3. The Exitio, was the finalresult and the stamping of the proceedings with their binding power. An Ecumenical Council must be presided over by no other than the Pope or his representatives, and the number of bishops present must fairly represent the majority of the ecclesiastical provinces. The Vatican Council presided over by Pope Pius IX., of glorious and venerated memory, reckoned 800, an overflowing amount of representation. The questions to be settled should be previously considered by all, and the discussion and decision must be, without human respect, apart from fear or favour. The sittings of an Ecumenical Council should not be hurried, nor abruptly broken off or interrupted; : though it may be'solemnly prorogued by the Ecumenical president for sufficient reasons. If any of the conditions be wanting, theologians hesitate to rank any such deficient Council among the undoubted Ecumenical Synods. A Synod and a Council are synonymous terms, the former being Greek, the latter'Latin. Of these Ecumenical Councils there are 16 whose strict character has never been impugned by theologians. 1, Nicea; 2, Constantinople; 3, Ephesus; 4, Chalcedon; [many "divines" of the Anglican Protestant Reformed " Church" profess to receive and acknowledge the canons of these first. 4 jffifaiTnanirad Councils]; 5, the second of Constantinople; 6, the third of Constantinople; 7, the second of Nicea; 8, the fourth of Constantinople; 9, the first Lateran; 10, the second Lateran;11, the third Lateran;12, the fourth Lateran; 13, the first of Lyons ! 14, the second of Lyons; 15, the first of Florence; 16, the Council of Trent, summoned by Pope Paul 133. two years before the death of Henry VII. May*, 1881. A JEW was recently crucified in Morocco for usury. 