LADIES COLUMN. Br Ladv CoNTimscTorur, CHIT-GHAT. I spent a most anjoyable evening last week' at an entertainment at a private honse, whioh was too small a gathering and too Informal to bo dignified by the name of a "party." Among tho gueoto wore aome charming yonng ladles. who appeared to great advantage. Most present wore blaok. Ono stately young being looked well in blaok, relieved with old gold at the , nook, nnd natural rosea in her ' hair to matob. A pretty dre;e wae of blsonit- colored silk, trimmed with dark green silk, made short ; also a dress of two shades of brown, relieved with while lace, and natural flowers in tho hair; also a haudsomojdross of cream, specked with dark green, with puffo at the shoulders, whioh Baited its wearer well. Obaradoe and music filled tho intervals between tho danoco, the night being too warm for muoh aotivo exertion, Tho former oaussd muoh amusement. 3ome,mnsioal selections given by young ladies were much enjoyed) ao well as Mr Tom Edwards's delightful playing and Blnging. Some oonplea found much pleasure In tho strolls through tbe spacious grounds. The evening oonoluded with tbe old-ffiflhinnflri. rmt.nf.rlnto dunce, Sir Koger de Coverley, which always causes much hearty merriment. It is well worth dovotiog half an hour on Saturday afternoon to a walk through tho Eastern Market in Eourke street to witness the busy scene of aotivo life there. Lite though it is in tho season, I was surprised last Saturday to notiee tho many stalls loaded with fresh, fragrant flowers. A garden or table tugui> i/o tuvutiuu iruui luenao at a very trlnlng cost. I saw many fine fusehlas and bydr&ageas; in pots ; also some exquisitely arranged bouquets. Character in every phrase of life might be studied here, from tbe paterfamilias, surrounded with n noiav group of ohildrao, olamoring for " goodlep," the , careful housewife intent on choosing her Sunday dinner, to the clusters of ragged urchins of all ages and sizes, with pathetioally pretty if dirty face?. Tho display of fruit was excellent, buckets of raspberries perfuming the air ; there was a great display also of cherries and strawberries. Grand bargains of chiaaware may be obtained here. I saw many departing loaded with items filnnsr services. Domestic pets are also hero for sale, one darling whito fluffy pnppy sitting up in a large wicker-oage, with a look of intense wakefulness on his round, fat littlo face. The service at AU Saints', St. Kllda, on Sun day night, was, as uaunlt'a most impressive one. The words of the anthem, whioh was well Bung, were eeleoted from different portions of the Bible. Mr Strotob, who preached, ohose for his text the 40th ana 52ad verses of tbe 2nd chapter of St, Luke; the hymni sung wore Conquering Kings their Titles Take, and As with Gladne?s Men of Old, .Tree ferns placed up in front of the altar gave a most pleasing effect. The new hanging screen for the pulpit, whioh has lately been presented to this ohurob, aud was first ueed on ObriBtmaa Day, is muoh admired on account of its exquisite workman ship. The materinlsScoat LID. It Is of whitd watered silk, with a cross in tbe centre of dark blue velvet, workod with gold and pearls. The screen Is bordered with silver bullion friogo ; It hangs In front of the pulpit. The clever ladles who worked It may well be proud of the chef d'tcuyre. The llsv, H. Gregory is to leave England in March. The following month he will most likely resume his duties at All SaintB' Church. Muoh interest is excited by the beginning of Mr B. L, Farjvon'a new novel, 119 Great Porter Square, ia tbe January Issue of tho of a deoidedly thrilling character. Most will have enjoyed fcbi Australian author's former books. This cumber of the journal also con tains many readable tales. By the last mail we bave some new and outertalning novels of a light order. A Cruel Secret, a new book by a now author ; Tb Sport of Fat?, by tbe author of the Weird Sisters ; Winged Words, by H. Splcer; Innocence at Piay, by Jean Middleman; Fashiou'a Gay Mail, 'by Annie ThomaB ; The Rbck CofctaRe, a thrilling tale of ghost, in one volume, by W, E. Brougtam ; aud O Where and O Where, by Maurice Lo ; alt more or lose readable. Poppies In the Corn and Tbe Memoirs of a Oynio are enjoyable, though not so new, and of a heavier class. Tinsley's Seaside number U fall «£ «nt«tfinine tales. Tee last number of Temple Bar keeps up the Jatnmit of in two continued stories, Adam and Eve and The Itebel of tbe I'amily, both powerfully written, Instead of tbe usual colored Btrow mats to bang at £tbo back of washhandBtands, n new. Idea muoh in vogue at present is to work squares of orash oatmeal cloth, "kitchen towelling," or other materials, ia crewels. Tho effect 2b extremely good. X have seen a great many with wreaths matching the color of the paper or hangings worked in the centre of the square, or simply wreathes of field flowers, or roBss, whioh looked very . well. Some had groups of flower worked In eacb corner, some Bprays along tbe edges. . A favorite laua is to work hangings in the samo manner for towel-hones, which look well. Very pretty hanging pockets for the wall, whioh are also most useful, may be made of oromb olotb, with some of the pquares or diamonds, which servo as traced pat'orus, worked in Variegated wools, A yard will make a set of pockets, which should be bound with braid correspond ing in color with the wools. X have also seen & very handsome curtain VAllanco made iu this manner. Aoy.pattern may be worked on the olotb. It is very easy to do. An idea, and a very good one, for those whose purses are narrow, and time not vory valuable, muoh in voguo at present, ia for indies to dye— not their hair, but their gar ments. Tho process is simple and economical, Judson'a dyes being considered the beat. Feather?, white or light colors, which are soiled, may be dyed, with very little trouble, fashionable and dolionte tints, When partly dry they should be curled before .the fire with a penknife. Straw or ohip hats may' ako bo beautifully dyed, I havo setm some that well . re paid the trouble. Light parnsola quite past use X have seen dyed a pretty shade of pale blue, pick or heliotrope— to match some costume— looking as good as new. Gloves also may be dyed. X have aeon some whioh have undergone this prooeas ; but thoy are mare tronbleiome to do, as -they are apt to be streaky, Silk reokties, or hat trimmings look exceedingly well if Ironed carefully before per fectly dry, Shabby cashmere or French merino dresses may also be. renovated ; but, of course, take much time and trouble to do. : Now that lawn tenuis Is the amasemont, par excellence, of out-door parties, -a domripsfon of lawn-tennis costumes worn in Portugal, where this game is most popular, may prove Interesting. The attiro is said to be most com- - fortable, and might be adopted here, giving, as It does, more frpedom.in playing than our olinglng skirts. The dress is hardly a dress in the acceptation of the term, bnt consists more of a suit, its principal features being a bright-colored, .equare-oat, sleeveless boddice, tied round tbe waist with a " faohh," or sdsb, together with full and flow ing Eastern pantaloons, tightly laced to the ancles. It is, In foot, an adaptation of the country coatuine worn in certain parts of Portugal whore the Moorish oharaotor is still retained, Xt has been adopted at homo, but has not beooine yet fashionable, though those whohavH worn it enthusiastically deolara it Is utterly impossible to attempt to play la the old-fashioned clinging shirts after experiencing tbo freedom of this comfortable costume, , A deeoriptfon of a few ball dresses X saw recently at a large establishment ready to be sent home may prove interesting One was of wbito ooshmere made with a heavy pleated train, en prltOfBse, It fell in ..straight heavy folds wlta little trimming; it was laced down behind with old gold oolor; narrow klltings of the same color went below widerktltingsofoash- mere round the bottom A short dress of pala bluo satin, mode with a jacket body peaked baok and front, laced 'down' behind, and out square, looked welflt was trimmed with masses . oi lace in flounces and frUUngo, A handsome dress was of wbito silk, mado with a train and piped and trimmed sparingly with orlraoon A dainty -dress wae of soft pale blue muslin,, trimmed with a moat de&oatb; shade of the palest pink muslin, and lace: killings of the pink trimmed the blue. // : J; ; . A short dress of hlick ganza was muoh puffed, and drimmed with m'adsei'of'Ocsaia Ucb, looped here and there mdst '- qoofuUy, wit! banchea bf«raam-colore inntt J A sew American novel ia oalled A Lady a Foue Wishes. An old bachelor eayatbaths bos not read the book, but that knows what her wishes are : " First a new bonnet ; seoond, a new bonnet ; third n nq bonnet fourth, & newbonnet," 