THE ASSEMBLY. Ton thousand Bussinns I will Un<l In three .weeks time the stra:ul Of Wnrniambool's fair b.iy, Ami march them here you'll unilerstam), Desmto vour boasted well trained ba:nl Of volunteers so way. Tno "Task " by Jack Woods. ' Soon after tho House hail assembled the Projector drew the attention of honorable nteinbors to the notice of motion placed on the paper by Mr Murray Smith, concerning a petition from a Mr George Uivpihart. Mr M'Coll complainod that this notice had been so placed on the paper with tho object of putting an end to any steps .which might in future be taken in tho matter. Mr Dully complained that ho did not understand what onotion the Projector was discussing, and the Wig with a sigh, said that ho was in a similar fix. Then the projector with an expression of pity upon his bonovolont old visage, went on to say that ho wished to bo informed what his own posi tion was, as tho hou member for lloorooudara had forestalled him by giving notice. Ho wanted a Committee of Inquiry appointed. AgninMr Duffy rose to order, saying that ho understood that the hon. member was discussing a motion which had not been called on. And whon tho Wig had again protested that he also failed to see any point of order in Mr M'CoIl's statements, tho Projector moved that the petition be takon into consideration on Tuesday uight. Previous to this tho Pro jector complainod that Mr Murray Smith had described Mr Urquhavt as a lunatic. Surely Mr Smith must hnvo been thinking of Mr TJrqnhart's champion. Mr Duffy considered that tho Projector had been guilty of had taste — to say the least— in not informing the hon mfeinber for Boovoondara of his iutention to bring forward this motion in his absence. And then tho Wig told tho Projector that i was compotcntfor him to give notice of jnotiou for a committee ; and so tho matter ended. Once started, tho Projector is somewhat liko his own canal— hp runs iu all directions with a sublime indifference to relevancy or order. Having had his say relative to tho Urquharfc matter, he moved that the petition 011 Water Supply pre- rented by tho hou. member for Avoea (Mr Langdon) bo takeu into consideration. Mr Rees seconded the motion, which was put and negatived. Mr M'ColJ, with ado-or-die air, said that ho would divide the llouso on the matter. But tho House wouldn't stand this. Murmurs arose oa all sides, aud at last the Projector said that in deference to the wishes of Ins friends he would not press for a division. And tho good old innu looked as though he had sacrificed much for others. The House now went into Committee of Supply, and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen moved the vote, of 1/24,850 inclusive of amount already voted for County Court, Court of Mines, and General Sessions.iTho vote was agreed to, and then Sir Bryan moved tho sum of L13,459 for Police Magistrates aud Wardens. Mr Mason thereupon wanted to know if the Government intended to increase the number of Police Magistrates. Mr Longmore waxed eloquent A3 he declared that he considered it was mon strous that such a two-penny half- penny, one- horse, one-eyed place as Sandhurst should re quire an additional judge for its Comity Court. Then another mornber who represented a lot of timber and swamps clamored for more police magistrates. He thought the Attorney-General should consider well ere he entertained these absurd demands. And the Simler looked conscientious. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen replied that the matter had been well considered by tho law oflhors. Places like Sandhurst and Ballarat could uot have monthly courts, unless two or three more judges were added to tho staff. 14 Lot the people be more honest" cried Mr Longaioro "ami pay their debts," but of course, Sir Bryan as a lawyer, could take 110 notice of such a mon strous proposition as this. Honest. Mr Long- more ! "Why what mean you? Would yon take tho bread from our 'mouths? Would you foul your own nest ? Go to, sir. The immortal Shakespeare tells us sir. that to bo honest as this world goes is to be one man among ten thousand. It does not follow because tou_ can exclaim, Ecce Homo, that others can afford to follow your example. You are too exigeant sir. Well might Mr Korferd describe your views as 41 peculiar." However, the vote was agreed to, as well a3 that of the item of_ LIS, 540. for clerk3 of .courts. And then 1,5,970 was voted for " Crowners Quests," and L30,413 for the Treasurer, and L40,ff4i for the Government printer, and L 1,205 for adver tising (it ought to be teu times as much), avid Ll,0S0 for the curator of intestate estates of deceased persons. A discussion next took place on a vote toy. L28, 445 for defences. Mr Woods opened the talk. He denounced our volunter sys tem, and contrasted it with the militia principle of Canada, which ha des cribed. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen did uot see any parallel between Canada and ourselves as to the neces sity of a defence force. He could not conceive the possibility of any power at war with Great Britain -landing a force in Victoria. Here Mr Woods asked the hon. gentleman what he would do if 5900 men landed at Warrnambool, and Mr Kerferd suggested that they could be divided into two parties, and brought up to Melbourne to be annihilated, Sir Bryan, however, went on to say that such a visit was not probable, and Mr A. T. Clark was of the same opinion. But Mr Woods criod out, "Wait until England is attacked, and you'll see the colonies also attacked. "Pooh 1" exclaimed Mr Kerferd; "the game would not be worth the candle." Humph ! I don't know. As Blucher said of London, so might a Rus sian or a Prussian, or any other heathen, exclaim of Melbourne, "What a city to sack." Mr A. T. Clark said that it was no use arguing about improbabilities, and Mr Woods, with the air of a strategist, cried out "I will undertake to land 10,000 Russians hero in three weeks. Of course he was laughed at, but there was really nothing to laugh at, as I suppose we shall one day find out. Mr A. T. Clark, employing his mo3t stomachic voice, denounced the whole system of defence, and declared that he would ba glad to support any proposition to striko out the whole vote for defences. Mr Longmore ap, proved of Mr Woods's speech, but did not think there was any prospect of a shindy for some time to come. Mr Woods here pointed out that t tho Russians were across Central Asia already. But Mr Longmore said that we had the Cerberus and tho Nelson, and Mr A. T. Clark to protect us, so that we ould all go to sleep with comfort. We hod an instance on record of the hon. member's valiant nature, in his capture, pistol in hand, of tho Ferrett (great laughter) and he wished to know what chance an invader would havo whilebe was about. And Mr Longmoreexprc33ed an opinion that if the heroic exploit of seizing the Ferret were not written in the chronicles of Victoria, there was no use in chronioles at all. And all this time Mr Longmore smiled upon the man with the noble beard. The Major delended our volunteers from Mr Wood's disparaging criticism, and Mr Woods protested He dtd not mean what everybody thought he meant. Mr Nimmo delighted ine when lie informed the House that he was an old volunteer. Ah ! if I could but see the Voice attired in warrior garb, his sword upon his burly thigh, his noble figure tightly en cased in a shell jacket, and a pith helmet on his classic head, I think I could give up the ghost without a murmur as having exhausted the cup of pleasure. The vote was agreed to, as well as a sum of L4080 for the VIctbriun Naval Forces, While this votwos in course of discussion, progress was reported, and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen moved that Sir George Strahan, Governor of Tas- mania, bo invitati to take a seat by tho Speaker. Mr A. J. Clark bore arose, and with sonorous voice said that he had no inten tion of opposing the motion, but that he wished to draw the attention of the House to a question of constitutional practice. Since tho time of Charles tho First, the Crown had never been admitted within tho precincts of the House of Commons, and he should liko the Wig's opinion on tho point. Tho Wig answered that the question liad not arisen, but that it had always been tho custom to follow the course now proposed, and tho hon. mem ber for Williamstown sat down, with a scowl such as might have done credit to any sans culottd who over waged war upon decencv. Tho several votes were got through satis factorily, with tho exception of one item, (subsidy to municipalities) which was post poned, and tho House then again went into Committee of Supply to consider theEstimates. Tho discussion was not interesting. At any rote, thero was not a laugh in the wholo of it, so that I was heartily glad when it closod. Tno Residence Areas Bill was then considered, and its various clauses debated up to a quarter past twelve o'clock, when tho hill, with amend ments, was reported. At half-past twolvc o'cloek the House arose, and so freed me from no gallery. L. O. Bart's Infallible Asthma euro gives immoillnto relic! In all coses. Agents, 11. Davy ami Co. Chemists, 100 Elizabeth street. 