VALEDICTORY PRESENTATION to the COUNCIL of EDUCATION. At the Temperance Hall, on Saturday morning, addresses were presented to the members of the late Co ined of Education by tlie teachers of tile Public schools. About 200 ladies nnd gentlemen were present. Mr. \V. Wilkins, secretary of the Department of Education, presided. On the plat form were the members of the Council, the lion. It. Wisdom, Attorney-General; Mr. John Darius, M.L.A., and oilier gentlemen. Mr. Wli.Klxs said it would he within the recol lection of those present that, nftci- tlie passing of the Public Instruction - Act, a meeting of teachers was held to determine in what war those who had served under tho Council of Education, which, owing to. the Act becoming law, gave up its functions to n Minister, could most gracefully take leave of that body on their retirement from office. After the consideration of various plans which were proposed, it was decided to. present to thoso gentlemen nn address which would make clear to them the high feeling of respect nnd regard enter tained for them by the great body of the teachers of the colony. So cordially wns tho pro position taken up, that surplus funds were subscrlhcd, and - tho address had been most artistically illuminated and embellished by Miss Scott, tho young lady to whom -the work had been so worthily confided. On this, the occasion of the last on which the teachers would meet the council ns a body, tbey would, after presenting the nddresses, have to say farewell, and they would da eo with tho utmost respect nnd kindli ness of feeling. At the same time, they should do as 'the teachers of the colony had long been in the habit of doing, and perform their duty to the successor of the council with the same zeal and fidelity they had exhibited in the service of the Council of Education. (Applause.) It was to be regretted that Sir John Robertson, Minister for Education, had been prevented from carrying out his intention of presenting the addresses. A letter from Sir John Robertson was.rqad, explaining thnt ho was unavoidably absent," athl expressing the greatest, respect and goodtvill to wards the Council of Education. The addresses were then presented to the mem bers of the Council by some of the young lady teachers. Each address war executed with much artistic taste and handsomely illuminated. It read nn follows : — To the MnunEua of tnk Council of Education. The Hon. John Smith, M.D., LL.D., C.M.G., M.L.O.. president ; the Hon. Sir Wigratn Alien, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly ; Mr. William Auguntipo Duncan ; the Hon. Sir Alfred Stephen, C.B., K.C.M.G., M.L.C., Lieutenant-Governor ; thu Hon. Robert Wisdom, M.P., Attorney-General. Gentlemen, — We, the ofilccrn and tcachcra of the department of tho Council of Kdncation, dosire, now that tho official connection between tlie Council and ourselves has ceased, to express our high sense of obligation far your lierer-failiug kindness and con sideration towards us jn the respective positions wo havo liqld in your service. Wo thankfully acknow ledge that, in their performance of tho patriotic task of administering' the affairs of the department, you afforded us every reasonable encouragement to "co operate heartily in the work of primary education, and to carry out your instructions with zeal and fidelity, and that while you sacrificed your time and comfort to securo the success of the great purpose you had in view, you readily gave us ever/ necessary help in discharging oiir duties. While retiring as you do from your high office, accom panied by the approbation of tho country for tho probity, and disinterestedness which you displayed in tho exercise of your functions, we trust that you will accept from us this expression of our respect and regard, together with our siecercst' wishes for your continued health and prosperity. On behalf of. the officers' aud teachers, wc have tho honour to be, gentlemen, your most obedientsorvants, W. Wilkins, secretary; Gkouck Miller, chiof qlcrk; A. L. Forbes, assistant examiner; J. Wright, training master; J. M'Ckbpik, inspector; W. H. Joiinsox, head master, Fort-street Model School. May 8, 1880." Mr. Wilkins explained that as the Minister had been unable to fill tho agreeable office intended for him th6 committee had delegated it to the most pleasing instrumentality tlicy could devise, namely, to the young ladies. (Cheers,) 8 1'roiessor smith rcpneii -as iouows : — When . I look around me, and sec my old colleagues, Sir , Wigrain Allen, Mr. Duncan, Sir Alfred Stephen nnd Mr. Wisdom — and Mr. Wilkins also, who served us so well — it seems to mo that tho dead and buried, nnd nil but forgotten Council of Education, has been galvanised into lifo again ; or is this a spiritualistic tea nee, with your charms as . tho medium, where its ghost has been conjured up, .to Fpeak nnd to he spoken to for a few minutes, and vauish for ever. Tho members of the Into council have net nil met together since wc sat round that well-known oflicinl table in Macquarie-strcct, and when wc separate to-day, it is not unlikely that we may never all meet at the same timo again. Well, it is because wo formed tho Council of Education, under which you all ouco served, (hat you have kindly asked us to meet you here to day ; but many well-known faces uround me impel uiy thoughts further away than jthe limes of the council, and I doubt not Sir Wigram Allen and Mr. Dancao are also wandering hack along the silent shores of memory to the times of the Na- tional Board, when we tist-d to sit together in a small room nt the Fort- street Model FelfoolHo it timo beyond the recollection— beyond the lives; even; of ranny here' present— for it is 2S years ago this month since Sir Wigrarit Allen nnd I were ap pointed on that board; and Mr. Duncan joined us a few years later. The National -Board recalls the names of Sir C. Nicholson, Mr. Plnnkett, Mr. Holdcn, -Mr. Uoorhcad, and Mr. Butler, who laboured with - ns long and faithfully in tho cause of papular- education: What a change has come over the Public schools of the cotony within the range of our experience 1 In the beginning of 1853 the National Board had the care of barely 50 schools, and the office staff consisted of one person, Mr. Wells, who had the occasional assistance of nn accountant to keep the bosks straight. At the same time the Denominational Board had nbout 170 schools, some of them very, small, arid'tho total population of the colony was about 210,000. When the council was dissolved last year- it handed over to the Minister 12G5 schools, with upwards of 100,000 children, the population of the colony, being about 750,000. Tho growth of schools, you sec, wns considerably more rapid than the growth of population. I am not going to say anything tuoro about tho labours of the National Board and the council further- than this, that it wns the privilege 'of these bodies to preside over the seed time nnd early "develop ment of that system of which the present generation is now reaping the fruits. P trust tlie system will continue to expand nnd improve. It cannot fail to grow rapidly under the golden shower of un stinted liberality which it now enjoys, but I trust thnt old traditions, so far as they are good, will-be preserved — (applause) — and that, you will not rashly remove the old landmarks. . I had some fears when the change wns made. I may confess to some fears still, but I shall be glnd to discover that they are not well founded. Let me, how ever, on this occasion simply express nn earnest hope that our cherished sclio'ols may nefer have the fresh buoyant life crushed out of them by the remorseless laws of officialism, and that libcrnlity of expenditure may never degenerate into such cxtravngance as might cause a revulsion in popular feeling towards unwise parsimony. But tue time has come to say farewell, nnd I am glad the office staff and inspectors, and teachers, havo given u? this opportunity of taking leave. , Wc hnvo got over the pain of dissolution long ago, and I now enjoy the sense of relief from much hard work. For a time it seemed strange to me thnt I no longer had to haunt the education office, and when the weekly bagful of papers censed to come to my house, its accustomed corner looked deserted, but I have got used to the new state of affairs, and am thnnkfnl for the comparative leisuro I have gained. It is plensant to think thnt we part-on good. terms nnd with mutual respect. I thank you sincerely for this address. I vnlue it ns a token of goodwill and friendly feeling, nnd all the more for its beautiful setting — n work of artistic genius, which makes a picture ns pleasant to the eye as the sentiments of the text are grateful to the heart. At the close of the great civil war in America, when General Leo surrendered to General Grant nt Appo- niatox conrt-house, his brief farewell speech to his men . ran in these simple words, "We have fought through the wnr together; I have done the best for you that I could." -Look ing round now on the veterans of education here present, may we not any that in the perennial war fare ngainst ignorance, nnd the rude-barbarism of undisciplined youth, wc. have been fellow-soldiers for many yenrs. Now we part compnny. From us there is reqnired no mor? active service in this field, but you have still to uphold the fight, and carry onward the banners of knowledge and cul ture. We will watch the campaign with sym pathetic interest. Our. warmest wishes will go With you for your future welfare nnd bucccss, and my last words on behalf of the late Council of Educalioii nre — 11 We did the best for you Hint wo could." "(Loud nnd continued applause.) Sir WicntAM AM.KN lmd hoped that Professor Smith, ns the chairman of tlie Inte council, would iiitiu uvhii iiiu iui iiiu mciuin.rs, miu he would not say more than that he cordially en dorsed everything thnt gentleman had said. He also reciprocated the very kindly expressions of good feeling contained in tho most artistically pre pared address which had been presented to him. (Applause.) Mr. Duncan said that in what little lie had done during the last 42 years in thecause of public education in this colony, lie had merely followed the bent of his own inclination, and his desire to promote the public good, without any view to reward or recognition by the Gorernmcnt, tho public, or the teachers, but at the same time it would be un true to say that he was insensible to public appro bation, and especially to tlie approbation of gentle men who were specially qualified to form a correct judgment. The teachers of tho colony to- day wore a very different body of men from those that ho found here in 1833. Without ignoring the rule de martnit nil niti bonnm, it might fairly be said that they were, with few exceptions, utterly unfit for their position ; and that they were paid at a rate quite in proportion to their qualifications. In 1839 he commenced, in a newspaper which he edited, to write down this state of things, ne said, " We must have qualified tcachcra, and to secure them wo must pay them well." The three- half penny -ii-liead system wns thus doomed." lie continued the wnr till tho National system wns virtunlly established. In 1844 ho was examined at great length before Mr. Lowe's celebrated com mittee, and he wns nfterwnrds elected by a public meeting, together with Mr. Lowe and a Tew others, a member of a committee to urge on tlio establish ment of the National system- In 18-115 he discon tinued his newspaper ami went to Brisbane, where he delivered a lecture, and held several meetings for the establishment of the National system, which ultimately wnsaccoraplishcd. After his retnrn to Sydney, he accejited. a sent on the National Board, and, later, as they knew, he became a member of the late Council of Education, on which he remained till it was dissolve! by Act of Parliament. He thought that the gentlemen who had been his colleagues on cither board would admit that in nil that he did at these boards lie was actuated by a desire for the public good, nnd they would specially admit that lie never lost nn opportunity of' giving his voice for ameliorating tho condition of the teachers and officers serving under tho Council. In rccallflig these facts, some of which belonged to a past generation, lie con fessed that ho took somo pride in liis 40 years' labour in behalf of the youth of this colony, and their tcaclicrs, nnd it added greatly to that plea sure to find his services and thoso of his late col leagues so well appreciated by those whoso pro fessional knowledge best qualified lliera to form an opinion on the subject, and lie heartily thanked them for their splendid testimonial. Sir Alfred .Stephen said it was very gratify ing to he assurer! thnt tho services of the council in tlie way of education had been appreciated by those whom it had been the desire of the members in the first instance to serve for their own sake nnd for the sake of the rising generation, who would ho the future people of the colony: The council had always felt thnt the teachers should occupy a posi tion similar to that of the higher body of tcaoliers in the colony, nnd lie was happy to say that the council could not have wished to obtain a better cjnss of teachers, both male nnd female, than it had been their good fortune to sfecurc. Professor timith had said that ho felt some apprehensions ns to the LIllUl Ui tllC t-lillJIifw X Li lilt, Dta. lU UL 1-UUhMllDllt He (Sir Alfred Stephen) had no misgiving on the subject. He had not the slightest doubt thnt Sir John Robertson and nny other Minister for Educa tion would faithfully do his duty on the lilies which the council hnd lnid down. That the change would ho for the better, ho was. sure, although .lie did not believe that the teachers would lie mojo independent, or that their interests would lib better looked after than they hail lieen under the Council of Education. (Applause, ) With nil due respect to those gentlemen who thought so much ahuut constitutional mnxims, nnd who thought it nccc3- Bary to take away the control of the department .from nn experienced body bf gentlemen who had their heart in the work, he did not thitik the edu cation vote would be any 1 letter administered by.n paid Minister, open to all manner of officialism, and all manner of private applications. The council, ho undertook to say, had never made a single appointment or promotion, or had made a singlo purchase of land with which Parliamentary influenco had had nnythtHg to do — (applause),—- and if the same thing happened with the Minister .he would be a more fortunate inun than most of the Ministers he (Sir Alfred Stephen) had known in the colony. lie thanked the teachers for the address presented to him. Mr. Wisdom nlso gratefully acknowledged tho gift, feeling, as tho youngest member of the council, that his scat in that body had been one of the proudest distinctions which a man could re ceive, either in this or any othor country. (Appinuse). He didjnot share in the apprelicnsionR which hnd been expressed ns to the future of tlio department, feeling sure that under the adminis tration of the able Minister who hnd been selected for its head, the tcachcra .would enjoy the same impartiality and the same, consideration for their welfare which had been invariably exercised bv the Council of Education. (Applause.) Cheers, having been givon for the Queen, for the late Council of Education and for Bir John Robert son, the proceedings terminated. Two disputations individuals wero overheard thd other day discussing the relative speed of the wcll- k'oown railway engine, " FIJ'ing Dutchman," witlT those' of America and other parta of Lite world. One argued that nothing could beat the speed of the Flying Dutohinaiij which'liad beep known to do its 80 miles an hour, while the other, a Yankee, con-, tended that he bad seen engines: go at a much greater speed than thnt, and ns a proof of his assertion, pro ceeded to give an instance, which wns as follows : — " I had occasion to mako a jouruey into tho country with a friend. Wc were going at a terrible speed, when my friend, who was looking out of the-wiiidow, exclaimed, ' Do you see that toolhcomb ' No.' I re plied. After an explanation, I at once, say that wo were going alODg'" with ouch velocity that- the tele graph poles appeared 'so closo together that, tbey re sembled a toolhcomb. - That takes it out of vo ur Flying Dutchman." 