DISINTERESTED CRITICISM. Two farmers from Green country, Michigan, who were in Milwaukee with hogs, and who were stooping at the Stock Yards Hotel, went to seo " Hamlet " at the Opera House. They sat says an American paper, on the front seat, and the audience noticed all through thc play that they were not pleased, and when they got into a horse car after the performance, those in the car got a pretty good idea of what the trouble was. " Well, Lige, how did it strike you ?" said the sandy-whiskered ouo, as he hit off a piece to his friend. " Oh, it didn't strike mc. All I want is to live to get hack to the tavern and find that red-headed hotel-keeper that told mc that ' Hamlet ' wa« a burlesque opera, with can-can girls. Call that a place of amusement? I suppose a place of amusement is where a man goes to laugh. Idon't want nobody to charge mc a dollar to sec a funeral procession aud listen to a fellow dig a grave and sing comic songs. I tell you, Ezra, it don't look right to sec skulls thrown round on thc stage. As as forf digeiu' graves, there is a man in Monroe that can dig two graves to that fellew's one. I tell you it just made mc sick to sec that poor crazy girl, Ofeely, taking on about her father that Gimlet killed with a scythe, and when them boys up iu the loft beguu to cheer I felt like going and kicking them downstairs, and then saying iny prayers. Any man that will make fun of a crazy girl aiu't fit to live. I toll you 1 felt so bad for that girl that I was cussed glad when the hired girl came in and said she was drowuded." " Hamlet was bully, I (thought," said Ezra, "He could talk 'em ali blind, aud knew more than thc whole lot. Lige, do you think he was crazy ?" "Crazy? No. He was a fool. Say, Ezra, have a little sense, now. Suppose your father was dead and your mother was married again to that fellow that looked like a saloon-keeper, and some ghost should come howling around you, with pauts made of tin foil, a mosquito bar blanket on, and a tin wash-basiu on his bead, and point at you with a tin dinner-horn, and tell you the saloon-keeper caught your father asleep out in thc sugar hush and poured pepper sauce in his ear and killed him, and told you to go around gnashing your teeth for revenge, and snatching your mother bald-headed, wouldn't you think it was a put-up job, and they were playing you for a sardine ? Of course you would, and you would belt him one in the jaw, and tell the ghost to go and soak his head. Now, wouldn't you ?" " Well, may be, Lige ; but Hamlet played his part well, didn't he ?" "Certainly. The young man did splen- didly, considering thc play he bad, but I know a school-teacher in Green county- that can write a better play than that during recess. Hamlet waa no gentleman to treat girl the way he did. He loved her, and she loved him, and then be went back on her, and jabbed lier father, and set her crasy, and when he happened to stumble on her funeral in the graveyard he wanted to get up a crying match with tho girl's brother, and jumped into tho grave on the coffin, and act up and put on style, and break up the funeral. Oh, get out. I don't like that way of doing business. A mau that haint got no more Band than that couldn't get a job driving hogs for me. What he ought to have done was to marry tho girl, and any court iu WiBoousin would have made him marry her or pay a line. For funeral obsequies, ' Hamlet ' is a good play, but give me Buffalo Bili. Wo get off here, Ez. Watch me kill the landlord when we get to thc house. Egad, I can't help thinking how confounded mean that Hamlet treated his mother. Why, she had a right to get married again."-Am&'ican Paper. 