EUROPEAN TELEGRAMS. freuteit's telegrams.) London, Sept. 28. Hive or the State prisoners who have been incarcerated in Kilmainham Gaol for offences committed under the'Coercion Act have been released from custodv. Amongst those who have obtained their liberty is Father Slieehy, who had taken a prominent part in the proceedings of the National Land League. Wool is firm. Fine and finest sorts are a half-penny higher. The wheat and tallow markets are hardening. Stock Sales. — Mr C. E. Smith reports having sold LOO head store bullocks for Mr Roach to Mr Hugh Henry, of Kiewa, at £3 5s, cash, per head ; and 3600 four- year-old wethers for. Mr Newton, of Manus, to Mr J. C. M'Caul, of Buffalo Heifer Station, Myrtleford. Literary. — At a meeting of the Chiltern Athenaeum committee on Mon- | day evening it was resolved to place upon the library table the " Contemporary Review" and the ' e Family Herald. " Railway Excursion Fares. — On Fri day, 30th September, the new system of excursion fares will commence on the Vic torian lines', ' whereby " return tickets at excursion rates will be issued to and from all "stations, available for the last train on Friday night till the following Monday night. A Good Yield. — Messrs Tresize, Trehair, Morrison and Tresize, jun., from a parcel of 70i tons of stone taken from their claim, the Wallaby, at Stony Creek — the result of the past twelve weeks' work — and crushed at the Juvenile mill, obtained the satisfactory yield of 163ozs of gold, which was sold at the Bank of Victoria, Beechworth, oil Wednesday for £672 — being at the rate of £4 2s 6d per oz. The reef from which the stone was taken is three feet wide, and is looking as well as ever. The claim has been worked by various parties at different times, but without satisfactory results until lately ; and the present proprietors are deserving of their good luck, as it is the reward of pertinacity and perseverauce. They brought to this office for our inspection yesterday three splendid specimens of gold-bearing stone — one of which, it was estimated, contained about £1 worth of the precious metal — and they are now on view at the Star Hotel, Ford-street. The abovementioned yield clearly demon strates the fact that a large number of reefs in this district have been abandoned before having been properly tested, and it should induce capitalists t9 further develope their resources. Small-pox Precautions.— The Chief Secretary lias received the following re port from -Dr Andrews, of Albury, relating to the precautions taken in examining travellers across the border at Albury : — Sir, — In answer to your telegram of to-day, I have to inform you that I meet all trains, and inspect all passengers before leaving their carriages, and thus have the oppor tunity of examining any invalid or sickly looking person who may arrive. I also, according to my instructions from Sydney, see all passengers leaving the station. I have several times been through the Chinese camp and inspected all the inmates. The constable specially stationed in the neighborhood .has instructions to inform me ©f any sickness there. It is impossible to inspect all persons leaving the colony here, as a very large and constant traffic is carried on over the border, and there are many places where persons cross the river besides the bridge. The customs official on this side, and the police at Wodonga, are under instructions from me to detain anyone whom they may reasonably suspect and to inform me. There is no system of fumigation carried out here, as any such system to be really effectual would cause so much loss of time and inconvenience to the travelling public that the annoyance would be far greater than the results would justify. All car riages are disinfected in Sydney, and also before the trains leave Wodonga. Should the Board of Health consider any further precautions should be taken, I should be glad to carry out any suggestions as far as lies in my power. I may add that large numbers are being vaccinated and re- vaccmated on tins side ©f the river, but so far I have done very few re- vaccinations on the Victorian side, as persons do not care to pay for it, and do not yet seem impressed with any necessity for it. The New South Wales Government have authorised ine to re- vaccinate at Govern ment expense. I am sorry to have to re port that they have not yet given anv further instructions concerning the estab lishment of a sanitary statioii here, though it is live weeks since I forwarded plans and estimates for the necessary buildings. I remain, yours respectfully, Arthur Andrews, Public Vaccinator, Wodonmi aud Albury, 26th September. Insolvency Meeting.— A second meet ing in the estate of Charles Richardson was held on Tuesday in the Albury Court- house, before Mr Maunsell, commissioner. Air Emerson appeared for the insolvent. Air A. E. Heath proved a debt of £26 16s. Charles Richardson deposed : Am a con- tractor residing in Olive-street, Albury. The cause ef my insolvency is sickness in family, pressure of creditors and not being able to get remunerative employment fori some time. I have assigned all my pro perty for the benefit of my creditors. By Mr Heath : I live oil some land and pro- perty which is situated in Olive-street. I The property is mortgaged for £266. The I property is worth 30s per week. I thought to go through the court was the best way to get my debts paid. I did not try to raise money on my property by a second I mortgage. The meeting then closed. Albert Smalt. Debts nnrru-r i Wednesday, before Air Alaunsell, P. 31., the following cases were dealt with ; Loblinzk v Weiss and Johnson : Claim £4 los 9d, work and labor done. "V erdict for amount, and 22s (id costs. Alate and Co. v W. H. Gilbert : Claim £2. dishonored cheque. Verdict for amount and costs. G. Drover v H. McDarra : Claim 14s 6d, goods sold, Ac. Verdict for amount and | costs. Cattle-stealing. — On Thursday John Hart, a brother of the late bushranger I was arrested by Constable Allwootf at Greta, on a charge of cattle-stealing. Accused was the same day brought before Air R. AI'Bean, J. P., at Benalla, and remanded without bail to Tuesday, 4th October. Alteration of AIining Districts.— i The limits and boundaries of certain min ing districts in New South Wales have been altered by a " Gazette" supplement published last Tuesday. The Tumut and Adelong mining district" will W J " vv/uiyriac the counties of Beresfortl, Bourke, Buc- cleuch, Clarendon, Cooper, Cowley, Goul- burn, Hume, Alitchell, Selwyn, Wallace and Wynyard, aud parts of the counties of Denison, Bowling, Gipps, Harden, Kmg, Murray, Vrana, .and Wellesley. The Southern Alining District will for the future consist of the counties of Argyle Auckland, Dampier, and St Vincent,' =and part of the counties of Camden, Kino- Murray and Wellesley. ' The Teachers to be Considered.— The following circular to head teachers of State-schools has been issued by the Education Department fi It having been represented to the Hon. the Alinisfcer of Public Instruction that the circular re the resting of female and pupil teachers has/ been disregarded in a great many schools,. J head teachers are now informed that it is the Minister's desire that -ihe instruction as to female teachers not being required I for a longer period than 'an hour and "a half at a time is to be strictly complied with." , ' - I Postal. — A post-office (sub to Benalla) will be opened at Pelluebla East, in charge of Mr James Crawford, on the 1st prox. A loose bag will also be available' between Benalla and Bungee.t, in charge of Mr Thomas Wall, from the 1st prox. Alails will be despatched from and. be due at Benalla same days , as all mails on the Yarrawonga line. . ...... . A Reprehensible Practical"- Joke. ; During the recent voyage of tl\e immigrant ship Nineveh to Sydney a practical joke was perpetrated which has led since to un- happy consequences. One of the young female immigrants dressed ierself - in ' a sheet, pretending to be a ghost. At dead of night she. stalked through the sleeping girls, whom she aroused. In one instance the shock was so severe that a-girl lust her reason and became hopelessly insane. She was examined on the arrival of the ship by medical men, on whose certificate she has been sent to the asylum. j .V-; . \- - l»-. ' v -v The Police Commission. — The "Benalla Standard" states that the Police Commis sion in their report to be presented to Parliament shortly have recommended a number of dismissals, and it is probable their advice will be acted upon. Rumor has it that Superintendent Hare is trying for the office of Commissioner, and that he is spoken of as a likely candidate. It is thought that the report of the board will be a guide as to who will be consi dered the most suitable for the vacant post. The Commission sat all day on Tuesday in private, we learn from the " Arguss," arranging their evidence regarding the outbreak and capture of the Kelly outlaws. On the completion of this work they will at once proceed to draw up their report on the Kelly busi ness. Having disposed of that portion of their enquiry, they will next direct their attention to the organisation and management of the police force generally. The Weather and the Crops. — The great scarcity of rain is beginning to seriously affect the growing crops through- cut portions of the district, reports the ' ' North-Eastern Ensign. " The late crops are very backward, and unless propitious showers come to the rescue soon, there is every indication of their proving a failure. The grass, if anything, is even worse than the crops. With regard to the state of affairs in the Geelong district, the ' ' Ad vertiser" states : — Although we have had a few showers of rain, the moisture has not penetrated beyond the surface soil, and the ground has been quickly dried by the prevalence of north winds. In several places the crops are ruined, and in others an immediate downpour is needed to strengthen the growing grain. The grass and waternoles also stand in need of a copious downpour. Benalla Agricultural Society. — A meeting of this society was held at the Royal Hotel, Benalla, on Saturday, Mr Gordon Duncan in the chair. The secre tary (Air Aloore) stated that the receipts for the year up to the present amounted to £293 Is Gd, and that several lists had yet to be sent in to increase the total. Prizes to the value of £262 had been awarded to 76 successful exhibitors : the greatest number of prizes taken by any one exhibitor (Mr E. Bain) beincr tmv The highest amount in money awarded to an exhibitor was that of £13, to Air New- comen. Tlje sum of £30 3s was still to be competed for under trial aud other condi tions. Accounts, amounting to £90 5s 3d, w ere passed for payment. Alotions were passed, according tiie thanks of the society to the judges in the several classes for their cordial and gratuitous services in making ohe awards in the several c 1 :: yen to the gentlemen who gave their services as stewards ; to the collectors for their successful efforts in obtaining subscrip tions ; and to the secretary for the able and energetic manner in which he had successfully conducted the business of the late show. — " Ensign." Bazaar.— a bazaar in aid of the build ing fund of the Church of England, Euroa, is advertised to be held in the Rechabite Hall, Euroa, on the 6th, 7th and 8th October next. Contributions will be thankfully received at Mrs Birkett's residence, Euroa Flourmills. Benalla Friendly Societies' Reserve —A general meeting of the trustees of the Friendly Societies' Reserve, Benalla, wa3 held on .Thursday. There were present re of a?3oiS«e' Smyth, Bird, Smith, W. Stredwick, Walsh, and the secretary Accounts to the amount of £2 15s Sd were read and passed for payment. It was determined, a3 the present right of «razin«- m the reserve expires at the end of this month, chat in place of calling for tenders as was done last year, it be submitted fm- sale by public auction. Offers were re ceived through members of the committee from Alessrs Hanlou, AI'Kenzie, and other carpenters of Benalla to present rustic seats for use in the reserve, which the committee thankfully accepted. It was decided to furnish additional protection tor such trees as required it. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought the meet ing to a close.—" Standard." New Evening Pater. — The proprietors of the " Argus" announce their intention to issue a daily journal. Preparations for the publication have been in progress for some time. They are now completed. Ihe name of the new journal will be " The Evening Alail. " I The Frozen Meat Trade. — We need be under no apprehension as to our frozen meat trade with England, observes the " Nerald." " It is naught, it is naught," I saith the buyer of Victorian beef in Lon- don, but " lie straightway goeth on his way rejoicing." The words of the late T o. iilort, ©i Sydney, will surely come true, when, in the spirit of prophecy, animating a man who was almost dying, lie addressed a party of friends after the first refrierat mg experiments had succeeded. FT.m There shall be no more waste." The word has_ gone forth, and the beef and mutton or the Australian pastures shall be delivered in the English lane3 and alleys lhere is net the slightest fear of this con summation being ultimately prevented by any alliance of English butchers to de preciate our meat. Agricultural Society AIeeting. A meeting of the committee of the Ruther- glen Shire and Alurray Valley Agricul tural and Pastoral Society was held at the Council Chambers, Rutherglen, on Satur day evening last. The President of the society (Mr W. Booth) occupied the chair I ana some twenty gentlemen were present. Several letters were read and dealt with among them one from Mr J. L. Brown' forwarding cheque for £2 2s to supple! raent the. prize already published m the show programme for the best entire in Class C, carriage horses and iWef. Ihe meeting then proceeded to appoint judges for the show. The names of several gentlemen were mentioned, and the secretary was instructed to write to them to enquire if they were willing to:, accept I the appointment. It" was "decided that -the right of publican's booth at the show should be sold by auction. The meeting then adjourned. " The Native Difficulty in New Zea land.— The Maories are congregatino- in large humbers at Parihaka, the native" settlement on- the West Coast, where Te Whiti resides, but their attitude continues peaceable, and the position of affairs is consequently unaltered. — " Arrmo » V 1 t :4 geni-Generalship.— An inac curate statement with regard to the pqsitinn of Colonel Pasley, R.E., who is iiuw. aui.iug as; agent-general tor Victoria has been made, ' and an attack upon the" Ministry. has been founded thereon, states the .. Argus.-! Colonel Pasley, is not in receipt ©f ;a pension,, as alleged. The Government propose, therefore, to pay him the salary which it was arranged he should have wheu he was askpff namely, £1500 per annum. Colonel Pasley, says Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, has discharged -the- duties of the post with in .d.ustry and skill. R is the intention of the Government, as/soon as possible, to ask a gentleman conversant with the affairs of the colony to proceed to London to till the office of agent-general." " Who is he-?" asked the Opposition. There was! no reply. ; AIining AIem. — The yield of gold from the Caledonian Reef, Hillsborough, re cently obtained, was 243ozs. 14dwts. ; nofc 238ozs. , as stated. The gold was sold in Beechworth on Tuesday last, and a total sum of £J 005 5s realised. The "Benalla Standard" reports having heard that a Bal- larat company has taken up about three miles of country on an alluvial lead within four miles of Benalla, and asks, "What are our local 'energetics' about?" The same journal states that Messrs Merton, Wood and Co., of Ballarat, have, for a consider able sum of money, purchased from the proprietor, Air Thomas Fleming, the pri vilege of mining on the land in immediate proximity to the Lady Ethel and New Temora claims. Death of Another of the Kelly's "Prisoners." — An Italian named Piazzi, who had served under Garibaldi, died in Benalla on Monday morning, reports the "Ensign.'' On the eve of the Glenrowan tragedy Piazzi was, with others, camped near Mrs Jones's hotel. When challenged by the outlaws to come out of his tent, he did so, gun in hand; but, seeing himself covered, and being told that his opponent was none other than Ned Kelly, he prudently obeyed the order to " drop that gun." Kelly afterwards informed him that he was the first civilian who appeared against the boys armed. He was in the hotel during the first of the attack, and is said to have recognised Byrne as a man with whom he had a drink on the Sunday previous in Benalla. The Irish Land League. — a crowded meeting was held at the Rechabite Hall, Benalla, on Monday evening, to hear Mr Walshe, a delegate from the Irish Land League, deliver an address on the wrongs from which the people of Ireland are at present suffering. Mr R McBean, Presi dent of the shire, occupied the chair. Mr McGuinness, President of the Euroa Shire, the Rev. 0. Davy and Mr Walshe depicted the sufferings caused by the ac tions of Irish landlords, and fortified their statements by quotations from the writings of Gladstone, Bright, Fronde, Bradlaugh and others. The meeting was most en thusiastic and orderly. A very warm vote of thanks, proposed by the Rev. Father Davey, and seconded by Mr McGuinness, was accorded to Mr McBean for his able and gentlemanly conduct in the chair. The chairman having suitably replied, the meeting adjourned. AIiners' Union. — A most successful and enthusiastic meeting was hold at Al 'In tyre's Star Hotel, Benalla, on Saturday night last (we learn from the " Standard") for the purpose of forming a branch of the Amalgamated Miners' Association of Vic toria. Air James Rogers was elected chairman, the duties of which he fulfilled to the satisfaction of ail present. Air N. A. Gardner was elected vice- president, and Air Enoch Butcher secretary for the term of six months. Air -John Al'Intyre was appointed treasurer, and Air H. Percy Downing auditor. A working committee was also formed, consisting of the following gentlemen, viz., Alessrs Wilson. HvlantL M Donald, Banfield, Page, Collier and 0 Halloran. There were about forty members enrolled, aud a number of in fluential residents of Benalla have pro mised their support to the union. The object of the association is to keep up the standard rate of wages in the district, as well as to afford pecuniary aid to any member who may meet with au accident while following his occupation as a miner, which 13 surrounded with many risks The society's motto being " Unity is strength," it hopes to show here, like the other unions in the colony have done, that m uniting for a legitimate purpose, such as the objects of the association are formed tor, its members without any physical coercion can obtain and uphold their rights a3 working men. With the start that has been made, wo are of opinion that the affairs of the society will flourish, and from the energetic manner in which the association has commenced, there IS cverr I reason to bohevo it will be well supported. Since the meeting a number of men have joined, aud more have promised. We hope to see a similar movement nrfmniaad m other parts of these districts. Sale of Farm Property. — At the sale by auction at Air David AIcAlary's farm, Whorouiy, conducted by Alessrs J. H.' Gray and Co., on Tuesday last, the follow ing prices were realised 7f).a 1i freehold land, at £3 15s per acre ; 224a 3r LSp freehold land, Ss 6d paid up, at £1 10s Per acre . 25 milch cows, £2 2s to £4 f DQ in o hb!fers aud steers, £1 ISs to lUs ; 8 vealers, 15s to £L 6s. Also a quantity of farming implements and sundries at satisfactory orices A Satisfactory Result.— The total receipts from the Presbyterian bazaar held in the Rechabite Hall, Benalla are £165. ' The Horrors of Small-Pox— No less than 44,000 persons died in England of small-pox during the three years 1870-2 writer the "Alodern Review" recently quoted these figures as a proof that vaccination was an inefficient preven tive, but he was replied to by a reviewer in the " Spectator" as follows : — " tt0 fnr eYirV3 c'eary ignorant of the fact that a, hundred years ago the small-pox mortality of London alone (with its then population of under a million) was often greater in six months' epidemic than that of the 20,000,000 of England and Wales is now in any whole year that the average number of deaths bv small- pox was estimated as eight per centf thJ « fcali,morfcallty of the country; that of the then enormous mra-fni.-!. _r children under ten years of age the mor- talny bysmaU-pox constituted one- half- that while it is now the exception to hear f a,case f small-Pox in the persons or families of one s friends, or even wider acquaintances, it was then exceptional for anyone, m whatever rank of life to at tain middle age without having been tha subject of its attack ; that cseamin«' aufi _ jjittingr;of tho fao were then so common that it was estimated that one out of everv three persons met in the street showed traces . of it ; that for a ' professional beauty to have her face disfigured by sqiajl-pox was an incidence often intro dueed ! into the novels and tales of 'the jjeuua!; ..ana that loss by sight bv that onelMrFoVth611-30 freAuent at least one-third of the inmates of blind asylums o R1'' ;ltThoWn time' Wef theil> P«vation to id. -Ihere are" verv few nf improvements made in the lot of mankind rS ? to ?»« ;»? Vast and cS . J of evidence in theiv favor aa stands to the credit of vaccination. .melbourne Grain. AIarket. — There was a very large attendance of the gade at the auction sales held at the Corn Exchange, Melbourne, on Tuesday. The business done was limited, o win/to the upSs '«? £ offrs5- but urfvSil f.dlnai"y Milling samples, out piivately a line of from 4? lfSed0S 7d samples ranged SsUd'ff, 3 realised W 5s 3d to- wL 2 i foF Medwm qualities.. Nb floiii- UomffsffffiQ Malting barley fetched' trom os 3d to 3s id. In oats, 1000 ba«s for wW hT idling was submitted and for 3s 6d was offered, which, how ever, did not reach the owners' limit Peas sold readily at 3s Hid. Bran, Is 3d T Funeral of the late General Gar field. — The mortal remains of the late President of the United States were in terred on Alonday at Cleveland, one of the principles cities of Ohio, his native State. In accordance with the wish of the nation, the funeral ceremouy assumed the character of a public demonstration of the deep respect and affection entertained for the deceased statesman. In many aspects, observes the "Argus," it was a more re markable exhibition of national feeling than was evoked by the funeral obsequies of President Lincoln when he was buried at Springfield, Illinois, in 1855. An im mense procession, comprising the chief re presentative men in the States — political, commercial, and military, together with the diplomatic representatives of numerous foreign countries — followed the cortege. An additional element of sadness was lent to the melancholy occasion by the presence the widow, mother and family of the de ceased. The broad streets of the beautiful city of Cleveland were thronged with spectators, who watched the procession with mournful interest as it marched slowly past tbera on its way to the cemetery. Business was suspended, not only in Cleveland, but throughout the States, and in every possible way the nation expressed its deep sense of the loss it has sustained. Tobacco Factory.— On Monday last Mr Archibald AlcCausIand, the gentleman engaged by the company to act as manager of the tobacco factory, arrived in Wanga- ratta, (says the ' £ Dispatch") and was met by Air Baynes, oue of the directors, who showed him over the premises, and listened to his suggestions. Several al terations will doubtless be effected, and some additions made to the plant, but Mr AlcCauslaud's suggestions will be fully considered by the directors before being acted upon. The company will take pos session on the 4th proximo, and a start will be made without delay. Gold from Pyrites. —An unpreceden tly largo return of gold iias been obtained (says the " Sydney Echo") from a small parcel of pyrites sent to England for treat ment by the Reform Go.d AIining Com- pauy, Lucknow, near Orange. From l7civt of stone per Cotopaxi no less than 245ozs. gold 55oz. silver were obtained, for which the company have received net value credit to the amount of £850 4s 10d, enabling them to declare a dividend of £9 per share of £25, making some £36 per share paid in dividends since 1st June last. There are only ninety shares in the company, which are of course at au enor mous premium, as in addition to the laigs return now to hand — probably the heaviest yield of gold per ton yet obtained in any part of Australia — several more shipments, supposed to be equally rich are on their way to England for treat! ment. The rich shoot, which is dipping almost perpendicular in the company's ground, at present shows no sigu of Diminishing in wealth. It is stated that a Sydney firm has offered £25,000 for the liime, but that the shareholders are uofc inclined to part with it for that amount. Land League AIeeting at Wanga- katta. A numerously attended meeting was held at St. Patrick's Hall, Wanga- ratia, on Tuesday evening, to hear Air Walshe, the representative of the Irish Laud League. AL- Win. Willis occupied the chair, aud stated the object u£ the meeting The Rev. T. J. Egan moved, and Air Alichael 0 Neill seconded, the first resolution — ' That this meeting express their sympathy with Mr Charles See wart Parnell and his colleagues in their present difficult position, aud desire to co-operate with diem in redressing the wrongs of the tenant; farmers of Ireland."— Carried unanimously. Air Tobin moved, and Air King seconded, "That ue tender to Miss Parnell and her lady assistants, in their efforts to forward the work of justice and iuunanivy on behalf of tho Jriah-tenantrv our most respectiul admiration and esteem. ' — Carried unanimously. Air Walshe then addressed the meetino. He spoke of the sufferings of the Irish ten antry, through the iniquitous system of rack-renting, eviction and landlord oppres sion, and the means proposed to effect, tho object m view ; First, organisation amongst the people and tenant farmers for the purpose of self- defence, and incul cating the absolute necessity of tli.hr r» fusing to take any farm from which another may be evicted, and from pur chasing any cattle or goods which may be seized on tor non-payment of impossible rent ; second, the cultivation of nnhi» opinion by persistent exposure in tho press, aud by public meetings, of the mon- strous injustice of the present system, and of its ruinous results; third, a resolute demana for the reduction of the excessive rents which have brought the Irish peopb to a state of starvation : fm.rtL perate but firm resistance to oppression and injustice. Air Walshe, who is an ex cellent speaker, secured the close attention Mr a a"dieue for upwards of an hour. Mr A. Byrne moved, and Mr F, Higguis seconded, ths third resolution Z follows ; That a subscription-list ' be now opened, and that we pledge oiu selves lo support, by every lawful means, this excellent organisation; and to Mra practical effect to this intention, we enrol ourselves m members of the Wancaraife branch o the Irish Land League. Tfio c"ried" The Government Printing-office — It is now more than ten years since the Government of the day undertook to reorganise the management of the Govern ment Printing-office, and yet up to tfan present time, says the " Argas," literiS? nothing has been done. P,n»ivJc m. J. and reported, and promises have been ha\ I the reports and the promises have led to no practical or useful result 4, fi®Partment which expends between £40,000 and £o0, 000 per annum has been tUougiit iess worthy of consideration a political banquet or tea-party Wc a given to understand, however thai \- ">» WSetU' I compete the various appointments in H,«. oftce on an eariy datePP VJJf non-appointment of office SS"' "j- «,„on. onto: nMnti- I. ' sra»i'cti<»i uientU necessary to relieve the dis organisation of the primary difficulty has been oiete the re-appointment of Air Ferres to the Government ; printersliip, and it now a! " ' '-- mains for Sir Bryan O'Loghlen to girt, to that gentleman an assisin«i-5 such experience as will remove the stimn that has so long rested upon the Govern ment Printing-office, of beim» Dim worst managed departments under A. Govornment. . We understand that Afr Alfred Hill, the chief reader I l l ' - receive : the appointment of 'overseer « office which is now vac:, man has been many years in the estabhSt ffient, has fully complied with S provisions of the Civil Service Ac , a private SStoin I."T f w ''"W"' «LK- "reatlv fi aPP01ntment would ha service advantage of the public . / \- \ 