-THE PRINCIPLES OF BREEDING. \- Tn animal husbandry, -three systems of -.breed ing--'- arc pursued — iu- aiul-iii;". " mixed .and 'cross" breeding. No point ill regard to stock breeding has created . keener discussion than ' in-ainbiri'1 breeding; Some advocate it as the. surest and tiest means ot stamping .uniiornmy of character upon a herd. Others tell us as \--emphatically- -that it is rt ruinous sysreni; certain ; iu course of time- -to-most, .seriously inniaiy.-if . hot indeed entirely destroy, both llieo"',sTtt|lU'?n . and the- fecundity of the ani.iiJ'd'so'hreed. f l'e great ihajority of 1 1 feed i 11 gj bcl weakens tiie constitution - and theji'mg properties of nniiuuis. Iu-and- iatiFeediiig is not of : necessity- the ruinous 'system it has been generally- supposed ; when skilfully applied -under favourable eireiinistances it is the shortest and surest road .to the ryariug; 'of purebred animals. An animal is. the.conipo- . site product of- - numerous ancestors ; it will fol low the characteristics of its. parents, yet inherit also'-, characteristics- that belonged to its ances- \- tors; A cow: and bull, of.grent individual merit, and resembling each votlier: closely, might pro duce a calf-far -inferior to t hem in --general, merit. Next year the same pair might produce a most successful blending of both -parents.-:: Spine attribute such instances' to "-spontaneous gene ration ' or "spontaneous variation," toil breeders generally -'regard' such variation in offspring as breeding back to remote ancestors. If we are to -ensure uniformity . in the. product .we must : have uniformity not-only in p: r nts lint nlsp in : the ancestry. M. Uolcomberto a French; farmer, who--set to work to build up a herd of; while sliorthorns, not satisfied with animals that were themselves-- -while,. .inquired.. their ancestry, and bred fronr" nninials. most of wliose: recent ancesr tors were white.- lie has bred about 40 calves, each perfectly white. .y ' " Animals lucil for several generations in close relationship-'' have a nuicli stronger prepotent power or family current, to mark and regulate -offspring- tluln -a tribe of different strains of blcod. The Miiorc Jinted --early- short horns were t-loselv bred; lF:in-aiid-in - lireediiig-beappl.'ed- to animals oF pure and similar breeding, of good . I- sound .constitutions inhabiting a climate suited to tliem, and -properly fed ainl managed.. the good points : won lib tie: rapidly /.developed, wliile . the tenacity for marking- offspring .would be \- come more. potential: each succeeding generation.- ; If - hiiimnls lia<l no const it r.tional weakness, no liiarked tendency in that direction, iii-audrin. breeding-: would not develope. blemishes. It -.would - rather, if skilfully pursued, bar engraft ing ailmeuts, for iu-and-iu breeding avoids . iiilusing coiisiilutional delects llirough strains of: straiigo blood. ;Applv in-and-in breeding to aiiimals possessing in latent forui-constitiitioiial defects of any kind,- and probaldy- the scheme would lie a failure, each generation wonhl : most likely inherit a double share of the defects of tiie preceding generation. It develops and intensifies and perpetuates every force for' good or for evil in the animal ; hut properly conducted it creates no new force; Perhaps tho most diffi cult: point connected with iu-nnd-iir breeding is to know how. to choose new blood ami how 'to apply it to correct growing defects in the herd without interfering .with the fixity of .-character' anil-type of Gie animals that coinpose tbe herd. In mixed" breeding the most" important point is the selection of a sire; The . breeder sliould select uniform and well-bred cows, but should steadily keep in view that in the production of stock the imll represents one-half tlio whole herd. - The hull -should lie of. -high- individual, merit, hut still more important, indeed essential, lie should he descended from a good line of- nti- - cestryj whose characteristics correspond to the ideal type the breeder has in view. Neither eowvnrd victories nor results in another herd sliould ho accepted as evidence of tlio suitability of a bull as a sire in a particular herd-. The style and genera! character of the huil, as well as those of his ancestors; ought to he similar to tiie style and general character of the animals among which he is to he used. Unless these are so, no degree of personal merit will ensure success. Pedigree is like the index to a book— it tells of what pans the animal is composed, and helps discover whether t lie ancestry were good, bad or indifferent, or whether of similar or different blood. These are the real tises of registration. If the alieestry were had, the shorter the pedi gree the better. Iu cross-breeding " first crosses" are usually more successful than subsequent crosses ; this might he accounted for by the im proved features of animals giving place to the natural characteristics when the circumstances thnt induced these improved features has been discontinued. Those handsome forms, true sym metry, fine quality aud good points, thnt charac terise improved farm stock have been induced by perseverance in well-defined breeding nnd gene ral management; artificial features engrafted on the animal by the skill of'„mnn. Discontinue these, and the artificial features would gradu ally disappear, the natural 'characteristics would always be stronger than the artificial. The ad vantage of the good breeding of a sire is very clear. The more firmly the improved or arti ficial features are stamped on a sire, the longer would that sire transmit these features to jus. offspring ; good breeding, and nothing else with out it, would stamp improved or artificial fea tures upon an animal.— From lecture by Mr. j. M'Donald to the students of the North of Scot land School, Aberdeen. A PAWNBnoitEU ill the East-End of London had a baby left with him in pledge for hnif-a-crown which lie had given to the desolate mother to get changed. Madasie Raciiix, the ennmeller, who was sent toj.-iil for swindling ladies under a pretence of ability to make them " beautiful for ever," has died in Working Prison. A Traveller, going to lied, was surprised to see a ghost, which — or who— in a sepulchral tone began, "I am the spirit of one who was foully, murdered here." " That's no business of I mine,", said the traveller, iiirning roiiud on his J pillow. "Apply to the proper quarter.- Good- 