f Figaro. ( ' Here, there, and everywhere. ( A correspondent, signing '" Cui ( Bono," asks of Figaro the following j questions : — ( "Was the opera of"" Oberon " pro- / duced before the late Mr. Lyster.came j to the colony ?" ( " When was it first produced ? / Where ? and who played in it." \ Answering the question categori- C cally, Figaro replies, the opera of / "Oberon" was not produced prior to \ the late Mr, Lyster's arrival in this ( colony. It was first played in Aus- / traliaat the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, S under the' sole direction of the late C Mr. William Saurin Lyster on Boxing / Night, December 26th, 1865. The \ ladies and gentlemen engaged in its ( presentation were cast for the parts ) as follows : — \ Mr Henry Squires ( Sir Huon de Bordeaux ) Mr Fred . Lyster. .Sluir ism in ' ' ) Mr Baker ...Haroun Alraschid f Mr Kitts PHnee Babcltan ) Mr Ramsden... ................. .Almanzor ) Mr Levieon Abdullah ' Madame Ada King Reshdha ) Miss Georgia Hpdson Fatima \ Madame Lucy MSPttc,..'. ........ ..lieiza Mr Armes E. BeaumgQt Oberon 1 Miss Angus Titania I Madame Rosalie Durand Puck ' Miss Emma NeyiUe, „„.Mm/taid I Mr George Loder was the conduc- ( tor, Mr John Hall, leader ; Mr W. Lloyd, stage manager ; and Messrs l J ohn Hennings and Frey berger, scenic , artists. The prices' of admission on that season was Dress Circle, 5s ; 1 Stalls, 3s. ; Upper Circle, 2s, ; Pit, Is,; ! and Gallery, 6d. J. K. Emmett, " Fritz" our Cousin 1\. German, will no doubt be remembered , in the Australian Colonies, and so will Mr John Rogers, who acted as his i; agent on his first Australian visit. Well, they-have been to law for, says . an American Journal, " John Rogers l who was Emmett's manager some . years ago, brought suit against him for salary due him. The case was lately tried in New York, before . Judge McAdam and a jury, when a verdict was rendered in favor of t Rogers with very heavy costs against . Emmett. » I ' By the way of Sydney, Figaro learns that a new opera season will . commence at the Gaiety Theatre, in that city, on the evening of Saturday, I April 16th next. The troupe will be . known as the " Montague-Turner " English Opera Company," and will >. among others,, comprise Mr and Mrs Charles Turner, (Miss Annis Montague; '' Mr E. Farley, Miss E. A. Lambert, I Miss Eva- Davenport, Mr Howard / Vernon, Mr C. H. Templeton, Mr ' James Turner, (a basso new to the; ) colonies) and Mons. Leon Caron has . been appointed conductor. The ' initial opera of the season will, so ) Figaro hears, be Flotow's charming ( work "Martha," and that during the ) season, Barnet's " Mountain Sylph " y will he revived and "Mignon " and 1 "L'Ombra" will be presented for the ) first time in Australia. y » ) y The "Arethusa" Dramatic Company ( concluded their season in Cristchurch, ) New Zealand, in the early part of this ; \ month, "the financial results of which" f Eays a correspondent from that city,"; ) were by no means satisfactory. The k members of the company' are still in Ohristchurch and have not so. far ) decided anything ; as to, their future s movements. It is stated on good . r authority that Mrs Walter Hill and - ) her daughter Miss Arethusa May pro- k pose visiting Australia, but will first, ( most probably make a trip south. ) , » C - ) Latest advices state that Herr C Bandmann made his first appearance f at the Theatre Royal, Ohristchurch, ) on the 2nd of March, inst. as Hamlet C Mr Walter Reynolds was the Laertes. / who alsotook the part of First Player; . S Claudius, Mr J. F. Cathcart, who also ( took the role of Ghost ; Polonius, Mr / J. H, Nunn, who also played the \ First Gravedigger ; Osric, Miss Grace ( Hathaway, (Mrs Reynolds) who also ' took . the Player Queen. Several i others also took double parts, and \ managed to get through tolerably ? well." This is rather rough on the j artists and certainly a novelty for the ( New Zealand lovers of Shakespeare. I Mr Phil Kirby seems to be again at the fore, as Figaro notices by Us files that Mr Robert McWade. and company were playing "Rip Van Winkle "at Portland Oregon, under his manage ment. ' ' Mr Amory Sullivan, son of the cele brated tragedian Barry Sullivan, is now and has been for some time past manager of the Standard Theatre, San Francisco. After a satisfactorily financial season he had determined to take the company on an interior tour, "but as he writes to a gentleman well known in theatrical circles, "I have been- compelled to give up my in tended burlesque season in the coun try owing to the innumerable obstacles . I have had to encounter in the whims of the principal ladies in the company. One young lady for instance, who is blessed with a husband who does nothing, wanted the management to furnish him with a position at a large" salary, and also allow fares and hotel expenses for her child and its ancient nurse.'' . « V. .. " Others " continues Mr Sullivan, "who were not married, stipulated for their mothers, maids or aunts, &c.;, and consequently I have been compelled to abandon the scheme. Now all this is extremely amusing when it is taken into consideration that the majority of these same ladies rarely knew what is was to receive two con secutive weeks' salary until their pre sent engagement with me at the Standard. 