Court «-3' S'otty Sc9s-J:-»8. Monday, Mai: err 14. (Beforo the Police Magistrate and Mr. .T. Biggar, J. P. ' Robert Colling?, charged by Arthur Robinson with unlawfully rescuing a horse, pleaded not guilty. Mr. Woodward for plaintiff. Plaintiff deposed : On the 7th inst., I saw defendant's horse in my place at Fairv Meadow ; ha leaped over a three-rail fence ; the land is all fenced snbslaotial'y ; I sent my son with him to the pound ; the hoi'se had previoiis'y trespassed three or four tiuies, mid I had turned him out j I saw the boy leading the hotse with a rope round his neck ; T saw defendant about rescuing the horse, and asked him if he knew the consequences, and he said he did ; I told him I would summon him. and he said, ' All right, id I man, go ahead ho uuno to me in thoeven.ng and asked me what 1 intended to do, and I said I had placed the matter in my lawy -r's bands; he wai then abu- ive to me. Av.hur Robiisui, jun., deposed: I know do f-ildanc; I saw his horse on my father's place oil Sunday and Monday ln-t ; it was there three or four times on Sunday ; on the M isday I lirst saw it in the .-tockynul ; mv fattier put a rope x'ound tho horse's necii, »nd I to 'k it on the x-oad to the pound by my father's direction ; when near Mr. Cilc's I saw defendant, who sang out that I need not take tho horse any further ; I told him thero was Is 0s on the horse, and ho would have to pay mo before ho got it j he then came up and took the rope out of my hand ; defendant did not ask me what was on tho horse ; I told him I was taking it to the pound ; I did not give him up the horse ; he took tho rope from me, and took it olf tho horse's neck ; ho did not use any force ; lie did not pay mo anything ; he siud he would not pay anything because we nad kept the horse a day and a nigln ; if lie had boen a boy of my own age, I would not have let him take the horse. Defendant said that he saw the boy taking the horse along the road, and he asked luni what ho was going to do with it, and he replied thai he was taking it to the pound. Ho told him that ho need not' take tho animal any further, as it belonged to him. The boy said there was Is Gd to pay, and ho told him to tell his father to call for tlie money. The boy then gave him tho rope, and he untied it and took the horse home. He would not have taken tho horse, had the ' boy resisted or refused to give it up. Defendant was lined 10s, with 4s lOd costs of Court, 10s for witnesses, and 21s professional costs. Thomas Gallagher, chnrged with assaulting Ernest Meredith, 'pleaded not guilty. Complainant's evidence was to the effect that on Tuesday night last ho was in Crown-street, when defendant came tip to him and wanted him to li.dxt. which lie declined to do ; defendant struck at him, but ho warded tlio blow oft'; defendant tJien caught him by tho throat, aud nearly choked him ; he^did not provoke defendant in any way J defendant was not sober at the timo. Constable Dean saw complainant shortly after the assault ; his neck was very red, and he appeared to bo nearly suflocated. Defendant said that be was coming down the street on tho night in question., when complainant called out to hiin ' Go on, you long ghost.' He went over tu see who it was, when they had somo words, and complainant struck at him. He then caught hold of complainant by the collar of tho coat or shirt, which' was all he did to him. Com plainant niado a practice of insultiug him when he passed him in the street. He gave him no provo cation for so doi::2. Defendant; was fined £2, with 5s lOd costs, and 5s for mie witness ; in default, 21 days in Wollon gong Gaol. Defendant went to gaol. Dentistry. — Parties needing the services of a dentist will notice that Mr. J. E. Carter now pays regular visits to this district, and will be in Wol loii'ong on his return from Bega in the course of a few dlivs. Meanwhile, communications may be addressed to him at tho Freemason's Hotel, and, will receive prompt attention ou liia arrival, 