(from the age correspondent.) London, April 27. Mr John Bright has announced that in. consequence of the difficulty raised in connection with the administration of the oath of allegiance to Mr Bradlaugh, it is the iutention of the Government to introduce a bill which shall permit anyone to make an affirmation instead of taking the oath if he should so desire. An immense amount of damage has been done by the inundations caused by the overflow of the rivers Missouri and Mississippi. An area or over 1UU miles in extent has been flooded, and the de struction of property ha3 been very great. The proposaL made by Russia and Germany to extend the extradition of criminals to those guilty of political offences is cordially supported by the j three continental empires, Germany, Austria and Russia. Great Britain, however, is strenuously opposed to the proposition, and the same view is main tained by France. New Tobacco Factory. — A. numerous meeting, comprising almost all the tobacco planters on tbe Upper King River, was held, at Hedi on the 23rd inst. , to consider the establishment of a tobacco factory on - the King River. Mr Arthur J. Smith presided, and stated that the great diffe rence between the price of leaf and of manufactured tobacco for the past three years had-forced growers to adopt the best means to secure a fair price for their leaf. He pointed out that manufacturers had j been buying at 4d per lb and selling at 4s per lb, on an average, and that as the cost of manufacture did not probably average 6d, and the duty was only Is per lb on Victorian leaf (and until lately nothing). their profits had been enormous. - The cost of necessary buildings and machinery for a local factory would be. small. An experienced manager could be had- at moderate wages, and the success of neigh bors in making good tobacco with primi tive inferior appliances evidenced the feasibleness of a superior article being made with better means. The building and plant would cost about £250. The prospectus will shortly be advertised.- -It was stated that the total yield of Victorian, leaf for 1880-81 was about. 350 tons, and that former stocks were. quite worked out the quantity of leaf in bond was about' 119 tons; that two. new large factories were about to start in Melbourne, and that there was no chance of any other country factories being organised, owing to the high license fee. The chairman" 3tated that he had the written promise of- the Minister of Customs to grant him a license for a building he had described.-' It was proposed and carried unanimously that a co-operative factory be built in the" immediate neighborhood, to be called the " Upper King River Co-operative Tobacco Factory," and that the deed of partner ship shall be under the No Liability Act. . Capital, £1000 in £1 shares ; calls, 2s per share on allotment, 5s in two months, and- 1 3s in four months (if required). A new | feature in the company is that they I may manufacture, for shareholders only, I their leaf at a fixed price; and return them: the manufactured leaf to sell as they please, and they will advance on or buy all leaf left with them. The Kelly Capture Reward, — . " Lounger" in the " Herald" has the fol lowing : — I am seriously considering whether or not to send in a claim for _a, share in the " Kelly Award." I really do not see any reason why my claim should" not be held as reasonable as some others, which have been sent in. To be sure, 'I had nothing to do with the Kellys (save as an ardent sympathiser), and I luive not 1 been up their way for many a year. But it appears to me that I have quite as good a right to a share in the reward as several other gentleman who have tabled their 'de mands. And it is astonishing how quickly, claimants spring up under the conditions of earning money without an effort. Just as I have personally known some eigh teen hundred people who were survivors of the light cavalry charge of the six hundred at Balaclava, so do I discover people on all sides with proper claims upon ihe purse which has no limit — tbe credulity of the public. However, there is only one way to settle this matter: Nobody will be satisfied, that is certain, save upon the principle of" Yankee grab." I commend the idea to Mr Berry. The Leneva Hospital Concert. — a meeting was field on Wednesday evening, ' 27th inst., in the Mechanics' Hall, Leneva, to consider the distribution of the pro ceeds of the concert given in that place on the 14th inst. in aid of the Ovens District Hospital. Mr J. Boyes took the chair. Mr W. Street, hon. secretary, read a report of expenses incurred, &c.;, which was agreed to. It was found that the balance in hand was £10. It was resolved, on the proposition of Mr Manns, seconded by Mr. W. Street, that five separate aiiiiual 'subscribers at £2 each should be elected, viz. — Messrs J. Boyes, E. Draper, Tarnaby, E. Williams and D. Williams, ,Leneva. " The L alp Revenue. — The land revenue is coming rapidly in from all sources, ex. .cept from sales liy auction, , and that branch of incoiiie is deficient (the " Age" states) owing' to the House having ex pressed a desire that no town or country .lands should be sold that might be re- I quired for reservation. The Richmond : police reserve and other areas are being j withheld from sale under one pretext or another. If these reservations had hot been made, the revenue would have far exceeded the estimate. Up to the 14th of April the revenue received from lands amounted to £393,926, or £1129 over and aouve the estimate. " H.M.S. Pinafore." — Ou Monday evening, in the Oddfellows' Hall, the Beechworth public will have . the oppor tunity of witnessing the performance, for the first time in this part of the district, of the ever popular "H.M.S. Pinafore" by members of the Royal English and Comic Opera and Pinafore Company, whose numerical strength since their last visit to the town has been augmented by the engagement of several well-known actors and actresses. As the play is, we are promised, to be performed in its en tirety, and new scenery, costumes and stage effects ha /e been obtained for its proper representation, those who assemble to witness it may be assured of a treat rarely afforded them out of the metropolis. Albury Police Court. — On Friday, before the P.M., Ada Black was charged with using obscene language in Wodonga- place. She pleaded not guilty. Mr Emerson appeared for the defence. Con stable- Stanwix having deposed to the use of the language, Mr Emerson's cross- examination was directed to show that the house in which the offence was alleged to have been committed was some con siderable distance back from the. public road, and that the witness not having seen the defendant could not swear to her voice. For the defence, Ben Cow, Chinese gardener, deposed to having had a dispute with defendant on the previous Monday, the day the offence was alleged to have been committed ; but no such such language as that deposed .to by the constable was made use of. Ah Ting also deposed to a row having taken place be tween defendant and last witness ; the former had heard some bad lan guage, but not what ' was alleged. This was the case. Mr Emerson having addressed the Bench, the offence was found proved, and defendant was fined £2, or one month's imprisonment in Albury Gaol. The fine was paid. Michael White proceeded against A. Pounceby for illegally detaining sawn timber, valued at £1 7s 6d. Mr Emerson for plaintiff. This was a case wherein the plaintiff had made arrangements with Mr James Day for cutting wood for him in the police paddock. The defendant, a policeman, had detained the wood under orders from his superintendent. The case, which occupied a deal of time, was adjourned, to allow of the attendance of Mr James Day, who, it was said, had made arrangements with the Government far cutting wood in the paddock. " The Prospecting Association. — We would remind our readers of the public meeting on Monday evening in the Town Hall, Beechworth, to take into considera tion the desirability of organising a district prospecting association. As the matter is one that affects the future prospects of the districts at large, and the interests of residents of the town in particular, we hope to see a large attendance, to initiate the successful formation of the projected company. We further trust that some practical miners will come forward to explain their views upon so important a subject ; as their opinions as to the auriferous resources of the district, and the best means to be adopted in develop ing them, are, necessarily, worth more, and are bound to carry more weight, than those expressed by laymen, by whom the idea has already been warmly taken up;- . The Mjrchison Murder. — The Mur- chison correspondent of the " Argus,'' writing , on the recent murder which took place in that locality, states that a magis terial enquiry was held thereon Wednes day before Mr C. J. Reid, J.P., into the death of Michael Henry Snowden, who was found murdered on the Arcadia-road, an the 16th instant. Detective Considine watched the case on behalf of the police. Evidence as to the deceased having cashed an order at Shepparton was given, and also that he had paid very little of ;i .the amount away. The 'moat impo.rtaqfe -.evi dence was that of Edwhrd'Hoggard, who deposed to having had a conversation with a man named Bradford; with whose wife it is supposed the deceased wa3 intimate. Hoggard deposed that Bradford made use '.of a threat, saying that- as he (deceased) was a bigger man he coula not fightihim. Bradford, who is a very .diminutive man, was in court during the proceedings, but was. not examined. A verdict of wilful murder against some person unknown was found. The police are exerting them selves very strenuously to discover the murderer, and it is generally believed that they are on the right track. Wodonga Police Court. — On Friday, before Mr W. H. Foster, P.M., the. fol lowing cases were dealt with .--—Patrick O'Connor v G. Pluiikett Fraud summons for ;£8 19s id. Plaintiff, in answer to' His Worship, said that he considered the .defendant was in a position to pay, as he .was receiving £2 5s per week from Per- f meWan, Wright and Co. ; and had horses besides. His Worship, made an ord«r for payment of £5, and 10s costs, within 14 days ; the balance to -be paid within a month ; in default of either payments, six weeks' imprisonment— the whole amount to become due. William Power v J. B. Fithier : Claim £2 5s, for wages., . .Verdict for £2 Is," and 5s costs. Robert Bounds. y: James -Star : Claim £2 8s, work.aiid labor doiie. Adjourned till next court,', hi. the absence, .of evidence on ' either side. V Geo. E. Southey v :J.- B. Filmer : Removing passengers from the Wodo'n»a ' Railway? station." -Fined Is. The court then ad journed. -'- ' Precautionary'- measures,;-tt-0wing to the statements which have, been made in the public press . from certain quarters, that there is a probability of ail outbreak "of: Kelly sympathisers, the Chief Secretary on Thursday instructed-Mr-Ghomley, the Actiug Commissioner of. Police, to proceed to /Benalla to-day. (says Friday's "Tele graph"), tw make enquiries -into the state of the North-eastern district, and' to ac quire other necessary - information. - On receipt- of Mr Clioniley's reports, Mr Berry intends to make complete arrange; ments in the Police Department for pre venting any repetition .of. the recent Kelly outrages. .. A . Scare. — A contributor-.' ; to ' -the "North-Eastern Ensign" writes: — ; It looks to me that Mr Sadleir's statement about a " fresh outbreak," is working its way into the belief of timid folk. . 1, do not think that they need be afraid. The " end" at Glenrowan is too vivid as yet, and most of the wild bushmeii.wlll think the matter over many a time before they dare implicate themselves. If they .should break out, then it will be a short life and a riierry one. The police are better' pre pared for these things now than when but Kelly took to the bush, and if they have young and energetic officers to lead them, bushrangmg in Victoria may be set down as not a paying speculation. Horses are Said to be stolen as of old, and some of our stofemeh iu Benalla are a little' 'nervous about leaving a valuable horse in a. pad dock. Mr Anxious has a horse for which he asks a good price, and lie wants to sell i him. When asked to show his horse, his .! reply was, " He is in the paddock now, but I must bring him in, as these blessed : Kellys are at their old tricks again and they might take a fancy to him." Very peculiar how . the name of the ill-fated ' Kellys should live, and be attached to any foolish bush swell who dreams of glory in | eattle-atealing and bushranging. Postponed.— The sale of Sir Hall's fur- 1 niture and household effects, advertised in 1 our last issue, has been postponed until i further notice. I Municipal Subsidies. — The Beechworth ' United Shire has not yet received its annual subsidy from Government ; but we learn from the " North-Eastern. Ensign" thatthe Benalla Shire has — " Only £3079j3s 5d. Euroa has also received its £1608 lis. It has been a long time coming, and new the old excuse of no funds must be set aside, and it is to be hoped that the neces sary repairs will be attended to imme diately. There will be many outlets for expenditure. The roads will take a good round sum, and, in the general demand, we trust that our civic fathers will see the expediency of putting a foot bridge over the Broken- River. A shire hall will be acceptable, but, in our humble opinion, the ratepayers will appreciate a crossing where they will have an immunity from accident." Parliamentary.— Both Houses of Par liament meet on Tuesday, 3rd May. From the " Age" we learn that it is understood that the Government intend to close the present session at the earliest possible date, and prorogue the House. But, owing to the protracted session, it will be neces sary to assemble Parliament again in July. The House will then be asked simply to pass the estimates and Appropriation Bill, and one or two measures of urgency, such as the Amending Land Bill. This course has been made necessary by the almost continuous sitting of Parliamentduring the last two years. Legislation has been carried on out of season, and the whole machinery of departmental work and administration ' has bees thrown out of gear. It is considered desirable that the Government should go into recess in Sep tember or October, so that the work of legislation may be carried on during the proper season and not during the heat of summer. An early recess would enable the Government to mature their measure and call Parliament together for the third session at an early date next year. A Female Horstealer. — A girl named Agnes Benson, residing at Bacchus Marsh, stole a horse, saddle and bridle,. while the owner was attending divine service. Constable M'Gillicuddy followed the girl 25 miles, and then arrested her. The owner of the property did not evidently " watch and pray." Rutherglen Railway-station. — 45 tons of machinery and 216 bags of grain were forwarded from the Rutherglen rail way-station to Melbourne during the week ending 28th April. Cole's Circus. — Cole's circus has left for America. The profits for the Austra lian tour amounts to £24,000. The profits of Cooper and Bailey's tour amounted to over £25,000. The Everton Handicap — We have re ceived a communication signed " A' Com petitor," and dated froin Greta, respecting the running for the Everton Handicap footrace on Easter Monday. Our corres pondent complains of what he considers unfair treatment at the hands of . the sports committee; inasmuch as f the winner of the event (D. Molloy) in the second heat gained an advantage over the other competitors by starting a few yard ahead of his proper mark, and while in the latter position the starter fired his gun ; three of the competitors being left behind. The stewards declared it a fair start when appealed to, and " Competitor" questions their decision. We would inform him, however, that the stewards had no other course open to them ; as it is the rule in footracing that so soon as the gun or pistol is fired by the starter, a start may be made by the competitors, and they cannot be recalled. With regard to their leaving their assigned places, it was not stipulated (biit we certainly would have liked to have seen it) in the programme that a penalty against so doing would be inflicted ; for pedestrians always attempt to get the best start they can, no . matter if they leave their proper places. Beechworth Boxing Day Sports. — a meeting of the committee of the sports held in Beechworth on Boxing Day took place on Friday evening, for the purpose of receiving the balance-sheet. The chair was occupied by Mr H. A. Crawford (President of the United Shire) ; and . there . were also present — Messrs F. Dreyer, Masterman, E. N. Moore, J. Roberts, W. J. Billson and Geo. Lyon ' (hori. sec.). The hon. secretary submitted the balance-sheet, which showed the - receipts to be £254 lis ; and the expendi- tiire. £180 19s 9d ; the credit-balance being .- £73 lis- 3d. The statement was received ; and in the absence of the treasurer, and > to allow of the accounts being audited, its further consideration' was, on the prope- sition of. Mr Masterman, seconded by Mr ; Dreyer, postponed until a general meet ing of subscribers, to be called by public advertisement. It was also decided that Messrs John Turner and Masterman act as auditors. Mr Billson read a letter received by liim from the treasurer of the Wangaratta Fire-brigade; respecting the non-payment of a sum of £2 owing to that brigade, as portion" of a prize for an event competed for on Boxing Day: MrLyonsaid that the committee hadnothiiig whateverto do with the event , in question, the prize (£4) i for which hack been subscribed for . by three private gentlemen ; and, to his knowledge, only £2 had been re ceived and paid to the Wangaratta .Fire-brigade, which, moreover, had not paid their nomination for the event. Mr Billson contended that under the last- named circumstance the Wangaratta Brigade were not entitled to compete with other brigades who had paid their nomi nations, -which should not have been allowed. The chairman stated that on Boxing Day; after the fire-brigade contests had been: run, Mr Bolarn had come to him and. offered to give £2 towards a conso lation race, and Mr Lyon had promised to suppieiiient.it with another £1, and to.gefc . .another gentleman to do the same. Mr . Lyon repudiated having made such an offer iis lie was ' nyerse to the event being eom- ; peted for in Ford-street. Mr J. G. Orr i had collected £2, from Mr Bolam, and the money had' been paid into the committee's account by Mr Daniell, as treasurer. The chairman stated that £1 12s being due by the Wangaratta Brigade, as entrance feeB, the amount owing to them was only 8s. He certainly thought that the money, having been won, should be paid either by the committee or by the gentlemen who had promised it. After some further dis cussion, during which Mr Lyon again con tended that the committee were not liable, and were not considered so by the ; brigade in question, the matter was al lowed to drop', apd the meeting adjourned. . .. More .Gold. — Mr Gascoigne, the fore- nian of the water-borer at present at work at Yarra wonga, has reported to the Min ing Department that in his first bore he has struck the bed rock at a shallow depth, and has discovered indications of gold. Unpaid Votes. — Applications are pour ing into the Lands Office from all quarters, asking the Government to pay up the votes for parks and gardens and the grants in aid of the agricultural societies. These sums cannot be paid (the " Age" informs us) until the Appropriation Bill has been passed. I Estertaikmbnt at Oxley. — The Vir- I ginian Minstrel Troupe gave their amusing I entertainment at Milawa on Wednesday I evening. There were eight minstrels, and v each had a specialty, so that a varied en- tertainment was provided. _Afie playing oil the concertina by Mr \incent was worth going a great distauce to hear. H« is also a fair pianist. Ihe usual negro j minstrelsy business was gone through very effectively, and gave mucn satisfaction. Tho (Ynnhlft sons and dance by the Barton Brothers was given with great precision, and elicited loud- tongued approval. The acrobatic song and dance by Mr Alf. Bar ton caused roars of laughter. The various topical allusions were much relished. Mr F. Brant gave a French air from Massa- niello, and a favorite French ballad, very effectively. The performance concluded i with the farce of " The Manager in a Fix." Seme novel introduction of business af forded much amusement. A dance was held after the conclusion, which, to the piano-playing of Mr Vincent, and the concertina- playing of several members of the minstrel. troupe, kept the lovers of j " the poetry "bf motion" in constant em- nlovmenfc'lilli early dawn warned the pleasure-seekers to prepare for the labors of the day!«.--Owing to the shortness of notice, and to the fact that all hands are now busily employed at farming opera tions, there was but a poor attendance. Nevertheless, though disheartening to the performers to play to such a small . house, they all went through their business with spirit, which merited a large audience to witness a really pleasant and agreeable I entertainment. Wangaratta Pgttce Court. — At this I court on Thursday, before Mr AV. H. I Foster, P.M., Frederick Simpson Hued Edward Flanagan for illegal impounding cattle, &c.; , on the Ilth April. Mr Norton for plaintiff ; Mr Notcutt for defendant. The Bench found that the impounding was illegal, and made an order that the defen dant pay the complainant 15s, and costs 20s, trespass fees to be returned to the j owner, less 8d. In a case between the I same parties, for demanding excessive fees, on the same date — Mr Norton ap- j pearmg for plaintiff ; Mr Nolcutt for de fendant — the Bench found that the fees were excessive, aoid made an order that the defendant (Flanagan) pay to Simpson loa, and 20s costs trespass rates to be re turned to the owner, less 4d. Stearn v Minaliau : For illegal detention of a horse. Mr Norton appeared for plaintiff. The Bench ordered the restitution of thehorse to the owner, with 26s costs to plaintiff. The court then adjourned. The Benalla Goldfields. — In the absence of water, many of the miners en gaged at the Benalla goldfields have been compelled to suspend operations. On Thursday some fine specimens of gold obtained from .the Energetic mine were shown the editor of the " Standard" by Mr C. Regelson, who stated that the quantity — about-three ounces — was taken from 15 loads of washdirt. The .gold was of a coarse, nnggety nature,, and when water is available we may , expect some .good returns. The erection of tlie iemora machinery and battery is beiiig rapidly carried on, and it is anticipated that both will be iu proper working order in a very short time. An Enquiry Asked For. — The £ 'Argus'' in its leading columns on Thursday directs -attention to the-conduct of the police who occupied Aaron-Sherritt's hut on -the night of the murder, and says : " The reports published at the time challenged .both the courage and the discretion of these men, -and their proceedings are again brought under review by the publication if. furtner accounts of the tragedy which was- enacted in their presence. The Chief Secretary -confessed at the time that the conduct of the police required explanation, and a promise was given that - the matter should be- enquired into. No investigation, how- aver, lias taken place, or, it it has, the Jesuit lias not been made public. "Perhaps it was intended that the matter should be dealt with by tlie Police Commission, and, if .so, we trust that the commission will not lose sight of it." In the. same ' article our contemporary has the following with reference to the maae of Mrs . Aaron I Shen'itc : — " As the .Government was well served by Sherritt, .and as lie Jost his life while iu the performance of his "duty,, it is only .right that liis widow should be pro vided lor, while at the Baine tinie the.pro- vision made should be such as tojgive no just cause for dissatisfaction, /$r -at a future .time the police may experience a difficulty in finding agents f or. servjiaes. in volving danger to 'life. It would, be. un- ! reasonable, of course, ior Mrs Sherritt to expect to be maintained in ease and com fort for the restjof her -days, but as long .as she is dependent upon her own exertions for her livelihood, she is en titled, we- think, to substantial assistance from the State. We should therefore like to see the pre sent allowance increased to say £1 per; week, payable during good behavioural and as long as the pensioner remained un-; I married. Such an arrangement, we think, j would be regarded as equitable, and would! j robablv give satisfaction to the person ohiefly concerned." ' 1 Tobacco-g-howixg. - — Mr Abahatn Lin. wolne reports: — According to a customs officer's recent report, which, by our manufacturers is not : considered . more reliable than the usual Chinece reports, over 500 acres are under crop on" and about the King River and Wangaratta, and now ready for cutting and diyin"'.. Resides the locality visited by the in spector, there are large plantatione under culture at Kiewa, Sandy Creek, and the Mitta Mitta, to say nothing of the Gipps- land areas, yielding productively, al though not of the finest quality. Suspected Incendiarism. — On Sunday night two untenanted huts, at the Wool- »hed the property of. Chinamen, we're destroyed by fire ; and again on Thurs day a Chinaman reported to the police »t Beechworth that, during the ' previous night his..' lint, also, :hiad been burnt; and that ' it was the: work : of ' an incendiary. A mounted-constable. -Was at once despatched to the. scenA; but 'up to the present the supposed fire-raiser "has. not been discovered. ' ' The Tea of the Future. — The "Argus," basing its remarks on Mr F. Dunnes' re port on tea, says : — " However opinion may vary as to the effect of tea 6n tfie animal economy, there can be no doubt that injury is done to health by using adulterated lea. Probably most of the aophistication to which tea consumers here' are subjected is done in, China. - In that ' uec:iun the Celestials- 'have' acquired a d<giee of skill. far and away beyond that t? which Europeans, have attained.". All in the,, matter, may, "hoWever, be , avoided by using only, pure Indian tea.' »t of 539 samples exhibited no less thari > t-.oic prizes. This delicious tea caw J" "e obtained iil'its purity at Youn'-er's. nrni ?,tores> Beechworth, Yaekandandah Chiltern. —Adv. ' Ai-bury Quarter Sessions. — The next Kthug of this court will be held on Thurs- . a-v' There are as yet only two cases for oht- !1:lult-'i.V» that of William Burnett, for anting money by means of a valueless: Jol!!!'Urnd 4bat of William Pearce and v Lonnan, for the alleged assault at g ant s Lagoon. j Cheap- Meat. — Prime beef is now selling in Sydney at one penny to one j penny farthing a pound, and mutton at one penny to three halfpence a pound. The Education Act. — It is stated that sis soon as the House meets next week a notice of motion will be tabled by one of : the Corner members to. the effect that ai royal commission, should be appointed to enquire' into the working of the Education Act. I | Seizure of a Yessel. — A sensation has I been occasioned in Hobson's Bay by the j seizure, on Wednesday, under instructions j from the Commissioner of Customs, of the j steamer India, which arrived in the bay on : I the 21st inst. It appears that a steamer named the Ferret, in February last, un- I expectedly took her departure from Glas gow for parts unknown, tlie captain, who I is also the owner, leaving a number of I I sorrowing creditors behind. The India I in every respect corresponds with the mis sing Ferret, and an inspection of her shows that the original name of the boat ' has been erased from the crossbeam, and from the ship's bell. Among her papers also has been discovered, it is alleged, one document at least which proves the Ferret and the India are one and the same vessel. Twelve of the Cerberus hands and officers have been placed in j I charge of her pending further action. When the vessel was boarded, the crew was found to be in a disorganised condi- 1 f tion, and the captain and his wife were on I shore. Ever since the vessel's arrival in I port, her fires have been banked up, and I the engines in sufficient readiness to start at a quarter of an hour's notice. She has j been under offer, since in port, for private I sale, at £10,500. I j Abandoned. — The Crown during the j present week abandoned the charges j against Elizabeth Hill and James B Griffiths, for concealment of birth and concealing the body of a child, respectively, at Yarrawonga, who were to be put upon their trial at the Beechworth t Court of Assize, which will be opened -on Thursday morning, before His Honor Mr ; -Justice Stephen. Beechworth Grammar School. — The duties connected with this school will be resumed, after the Easter vacation, on Monday next. I The Rev. C. Strong's Case.— The ; Melbourne Presbytery resumed the con- : -sideration of the report of the committee appointed to examine the Rev. Charles Strong's article in the October, 1880, number of the "Victorian Review," on Thursday, whenDr Macdonald presided, and there was a crowded attendance of -clergymen and the general pubjic. The following resolution, as moved by the Rev. J. Ballantyue, seconded by the Rev. S. Robinson, was, after considerable dis cussion; unanimously arrived at:: — "The Presbytery, having considered :the paper on the Atonement published in the ' Victorian Review' for October, 1880, ond signed Charles Strong, and having also considered -their committee s report on the same, express their sincere concern and pain at the negative character of the teaching in Mr Strong's paper, the absence frsm it of all /distinct mention of the divine person of the Lord Jesus 'Christ as the Mediator and Reconciler working out the atonement, 416 well as its omission of all reference to those supernaiurally given revelations ; and-inasmuch as the Christian faith rests uponand the Christian conscious ness takes hold oLcertain objective super natural historic facts, especially the incarnation, the atoning life and death, and the resurrection and ascension £ our Lord, the Presbytery earnestly, and in the spirit of brotherly kindness, urge upon Mr Strong that in his future utter ances he make' these essential facts prominent." The Presbytery then ad journed till the first Tuesday dn June. Yagkandandae; (Shire Council. — The ordinary monthly meeting of this council, , which should have been held onTThursday, = lapsed for want erf a quorum, and was: adjourned till Monday, the 2nd May, at 11 olclock. Cleaning Mirrors. — The New York " Herald" gives the rfollo wing as the best method of cleaning minors : — Take a newspaper or part of one, according to the size Gfithe glass. Fold it small and dip it into a basin of clean cold water ; when thoroughly wet squeeze it out -in your hand as you would a-cponge, and -then run it hard-over the face <of the glass, taking care that it is not so wet as to run down in streams. In fact, the paper must only be completely moisted er damped all through. -After the glass has been well rubbed with wet paper le t it rest for a few minutes,, and tliesugo over it with a fresh dry -newspaper (bided small in your hand) tiliiit looks clear and bright, which it will almost immediately, and with no further trouble. This method, simple as it is, is the .best and most expeditious for cleaning mirrors, and it will be found so on trial — giviug a cleaaaess and polish that can be -produced by no other process. A Substantial Ghost. — Lately St&well; has had its " ghost," but, eo we learn from the " PI easaat-Creek N e vr&j;" the mystery ienow solved. Qur contemporary mea- t'kms that the bouse alleged io be visited by uncanny creatures is that .occupied by Mr Ingram and bis family, in Patriek- street, and the inmates were occasioned considerable uneasiness by the senseless! freaks of the ghsst. It appears that several young men were on the watch late on Wednesday, night, in order to ascertain if the noises heard were the result of human agency or not. At about half-past twelve ©'clock a ghost was seen to rise from the ground in the most amoroved ethereal manner, with the usual white sheet garmenture, and as it advanced towards the house in question emit strange groans and cries. The watchers, however, went towards the figurej which trusting to its ghostly habiliments and cries, and to the innate superstition of human nature, also advanced towards them. As soon a« the figure came within reach it was grasped, and on the shelet being torn off disclosed the features and form of a ;young woman who resides in the neighbourhood. After talking to the culprit well, the watchers allowed her to go home. The suddenness of the appsrition- an'd its seeming to come out of the earth is accounted for by the fact that on the allotment of land from which the "ghost" came there once stood a publichouse, "which was recently removed. The cellar of this building furnished a good hiding- place whilst the sheet was being donned. Re maskable Opebation on a Ram.— Some four months ago a ram belonging to Air Carlo Marina became unmistakably inad, and his owner judging that the malady was caused by water, on the brain, had the animal hung up by the hind legs, and then piereed his skull to the brain, from a point a little above, anc between the eyes, an.d left him hanging until about half a pint of serum had -discharged from the puncture. The ram was then taken down, and in a few days had perfectly recovered from the malady, but Mr Marina, wishing to ascertain from anatoipical observations the result of the experiment, had him killed -recently, and upon opening the skull found the brain in an apparently, perfect stale cf health, though the mark of the btre was plainly visible. — Burragong Argus." J The Development of Our Auriferous I Resourses. — Kilmore, hitherto always I consideredapurelyagriculturaland pastoral I district, ha3 come to the fore in the matter of gold-mining, and a hitherto neglected auriferous area is certain to be well tested, and in all probability that quiet country town will in the future look livelier than ever it did iu its palmiest days, and the dis trict become of vast importance. Benalla, also, appears to be situated in the centre of a gold-hearing country, and through the enterprise of her inhabitants, both the reefs and alluvial denosits are likelv to be fairly tested, and we trust a permanent golafield may prove the result. There are people in Oxley who. believe that pay able gold exists in various localities, but | there seems to be a lack of that union and enterpise on the part of the business men and others which characterises our Benalla neighbours when it come3 to the question of contributing to have, the country proB- i pei,MJu. rur ueorge luoore, tlie store- I keeper of Oxley Township, has on various I occasions complained to us of a want of j enterprise on behalf of the Oxley people, declaring his firm conviction that it only | wants searching for to find payable ground, j in the Oxley district, and says he knows many likely-looking places where it would j be well worth while expending a little money on in prospecting. We suppose pressure of business prevents Mr Moore front taking the initiative himself, and J making the necessary discovery, with pick I andshovel in hand, butwillnoboby join him and start a prospecting party. We feel certain Mr Moore would subscribe J liberally, if he got any encouragement from his neighbors at all. Some time ago Mr Moore entertained the idea of calling a public meeting to discuss the matter, | but he seems to have abandoned it. That fOlfl fiYlfifs iu ramrtno futKnfirirto of 41.. I I King there is not the least doubt, as Mr j Moore many years ago bought small par- j eels from miners who had worked in the j shallow ground. — ' ' Dispatch." A Suicide's Will.— The last will and testament of a man who recently commit- ted suicide iti the Gulgong district is thus described by the " Mudgee Independent." " On the l«p of the document was written the following inventory ef deceased's pro- 1 perty : — "70 fowls, 23 ducks, gun, saddle, | pots and (sans. Bury me in the garden."" He appears to have coolly and deliberately set his house iu order before bringing his painful condition to a climax. Ererv" Item of his property he jots down with minute accuracy, apportions his ducks and fowls with as much perspicuity as if lie were bequeathing a vast estate". The debts -due to him amount to £10, but he considerately forgives all except a man who owes him half a sovereign, to <whom, as a farewell reproach, he applies the etnthet 'mean dog.' For his own debts, he sets them dawn at 20s., and devises unto his principal creditor a pair of fat ducks into the bargain. Then cotnes the most perplexing portion of the j epistle. After discriminating to a -nicety between friend and foe, he lavishes -praises j upotirfiome families and execrations upon others. He accuses- one man of keeping a shanty, and dubs his wife a name which is onlyjapplied to the very vilest of women. i.he .key to the whole epistle is hypo chondria, and after having performed tiiese acts, rational enough in a certain sense, and-tinged with physical agony and the bleakest of melancholy, the unfortunate mail went out — and drowned himself.' A -Woman's Ohniion of the Ge-ksus. — One sub-enumerator has come to grief already. An irate matron asked him " who he -thought was going to bother herself filling up his papers with a pack of nonsence about ages and religions and where you werediorn, and not-a bit of work for her old man (these three months. She opined that -it would better beoome them to mind their -owntbusiness and take off the tares," and she'Went on at length till the sub-enume- -retor pointed out that the trouble of filling up the paper would not fall upon -herself, 'buhqpon her husband as the head of the I family. Then the .ladv arose in her wrnt.h and denounced lidr husband, theeensus, andithe enumerator too, and " avowed that she-should like to -see him (her husband) write fit, to call himself head of the family-, and -bring home nothing for three months, and -c he to pay five-shillings fine for him winding up with the declaration that " her husband had a head, -so had a pinl" The -eub-eiKiinerator, ffho is but a fllim and delicate person, albeit with a copious and sonorous utterance, would have gone long before but that znadacne was between him and -the gate. At this point he tried to appease her with a jjeke, hoping t©. escape underi cover of a laugh, and reminded her that all pins had not .heads, exemplifying reilliug-ipins. This finished him, for . the' neat -minute he was -seen living over - the gaie, winch ho says he jumped, but, , if so, wlcy did his hat fly after jiim into the -road' tw® .minutes later, and why did he leave one -offfiis coat tails behind him?— tSolac " Reformer." 1 ehoat Affections akd'Qoarhenkss. — All «uf- ooi "citation of the throat and hoarasness . fp3.I:i.bIlr aurpfiafi'l at tLe almost immediate relief afforL.eiI by the. use o "Brown's Bronchial Troches. (These famous " Jcsenges " are now -33 Id by most rc-cpectaole chemists in this country as HjyPW'to- People troubled with a "hackint cough, r. "slight cold," or bronchial affections cannot try litem toe soon, ac similar troubles if allowed -to progress, result in serious Pulmonary and Asthmatic affections. See thaiihe words " Brewd'a Bronchial Troches' are on tie Government Stains e"c\ :bjI--?repretl by John I. Brown 00 r? Boston, k.S. European depot removed to o3 rarnEdou-sioad, London. i PtoitluatE:!— (For the Teeth n'cd Breath A tew. I rops of the liquid " Floriiiae" sprinkled on a wet looth brudii produces a pleasant lather, which tho- : roughly cleanses the teeth from parasites or itn- untie?, tar dens the gums, prevents tartar, stop! decay, -gtv« to .the teeth a peculiar, pearly-whitenes,'1 and a deligittui -fragrance to the breath. . It removes i all UDpleosant oCcur arisir'g froin decayed teeth or i tobacco -make. " The Fragrant f loriline." being i omposed iu pact of honey and sweet herbs is Aelicious to the taete, and the greatest toilet discovers cf the age. Price -2s 6d. of all Chemist, and Per- caderLoadon faeal6 d6p0t reraoved to;23> amngdon 