LAWYERS' CBARGE3. TO THE EOTTOB. Sir — A refreshing little Bill is now on the files of the British House of Commons. It begins — 'Whereas the class of persons knosn as barristers-at-law have for many years con tributed to the vast expense of litigation, and have oppressed the suitor by demanding for their services fees which they consider fairly represent from their point of view the value *£ qn»*'r euyiccb wmui tiu uuc » uumpeueu txj re tain, and which they cannot be compelled to give; and whereas solicitors voluntarily pay such fees, and also make gratuities ta barris ters' clerks; and whereas it is desirable to protect tlie pablio againet such prac tices and to enable them through their Bolicitcrs to retain the services of bar risters for a less fee than they will consent to take.' The Bill goes en to fay that no Q C. shall ask or take more than fifty guineas, and that no junior ehall ask or take more than twenty guineas as a brief fee without liability to be disbarred. Any barrister accepting a greater fee than that marked on brief iu a ca-:e lasting less than three weeks, ehall bs guilty of a misdemeanor. The BUI is perhaps a little* too drastic, hut its terms are worth notiag as evi dencing the feelings of the publis with regard to the extortionate charges to which they are subjected. A milder form of the Bill would be acceptable to many here, and I trust some can didate will promise same such Bill, audkeep his jronme. — I am, Sec, HUME'S GHOST. On Wednesday, April 6, the members of tie Victorian cricketing team were entertained »t luncheon by His Worship the Mayor (Mr. E. JT. Smith) at the Town Hal], prior to their de parture for Melbourne. There were about 60 gentlemen present, including the visitors, several members of the South Australian Eleven, and the committee of the S.A. Cricketing Association, -and other gentlemen. His Worship occupied the chair, and was supported fcy Captain Boyle, ?the Chief Secretary iHon. W. Morgan), the Commissioner of Grown Lands (Hon. T. Flay ford), Mr. J. C. Bray, Councillor Buik, and Hewn. J. W. Oolton and C. S. Leader (chairman and secretary of the Criaketing Association). The town clerk was in the vice-chair. The chairman proposed 'The Parliament' in a lumoioui speech, and the Commissioner of Crown land* responded. The Chief Secretary proposed 'The Victorian Eleven.' Captain Xorle and Mr. Hettber responded, and referred to the great improvement which 'was apparent in the cricket played by the South Australian teams. They also ?Haded to Mr. McSbane's having decided to re main beta, and aaid if we could secure good XDenHhanim we would soon improve our posi tion in the cricketing world. Councillor Buik propotea 'The South Australian Eleven and the Cricketing Auoeiation,' Messrs. Leader andMr.J.W.Ooltou responded, aad in refer ?nee to ?ome remark! which had been made as ?to the improvement of the Oval, said it was impossible to carry out any great improvement* aniesBanextentkmof leaaewere emoted. Mr. Coltonpropoied the health of His Wtehipthe Meyor.andHu Worship in replying, said tbat ie m sure Oat no reasonable requert as to the granting of an extended lease wenld be refused fcytheomnxril, His own feelings were strongly in favor «f doing all he could to advance cricket ing in, Sooth Australia. A number of glees were sung by a glee quartette, and *su»t en »j*Wewj»ewA*»part» 