Original Poetry, THE PITT TOWN BULLOCK ROAST. Air : « RORY O'MORE." In the year of sensation eighteen eighty-one, When sunny old Windsor grew merry with fun ; Resolved for diversion, I went for a spree, Across to fair Pitt Town, the roast there to see. And when I got there the musicians did play, The boys and the girls were all smiling and gay; Delighted was I with the frolicking host, All warmly assembled to honor the roast. Chorus. The banners of freedom waved high in the air, McQuade and his friends were all welcome there ; Free bumpers flowed round with the oft mentioned toast, " A health to A. Bowman, the King of the Roast." Grand tables with linen snow white there were spread, All well decorated, abundance of bread ; The beast it was cooked and brought in to the crowd, A fierce-looking bullock, yet nobody cowed. For the people all had such a longing for meat, That he scarcely was roasted before he was eat ; Wilberforce Jim eat his fill, 'twas no empty boast When he swore he could hammer Jim Mace at the Roast. Chorus. The seats were all crammed, Bob Wood had to stand, Yet happy was he with a slice in each hand ; Sweet Peggy had like to get choked with the tail, And was forced to indulge in a bucket of ale ; The stout grew to giants, the thin all got fat, Bold Reubin cut off with a lump in his hat ; But Billy, of course, secured room for the most, Sure we thought he wonld starve all the rest at the roast. Chorus. We'd foot racing too Pat eat too much beef, Which handicap killed him, so he came to grief; We'd elegant jigging, when Jim the galoot, Stuck his long leg through a basket of fruit. Up jumped Sailor Jim and hit him a dig That knocked him right into a reel from a jig ; But trooper McNeilly was there to his post, And stopped broken noses from smelling the roast. Chorus. The sun was now hastening low to his seat, The grog was all drank and the bullock all eat ; Nothing was left of the huge-jointed frame, Tight benjies were aching, and heads were the same. The band lost its wind, and, of course,. couldn't play. Yet all were content with the joys of the day ; When Maori Bill came up, the long-legged ghost, And swallowed the carver, that finished the roast. Chorus. The banners of freedom waved high in the air, Sure nothing went foul, but all famous and fair ; Loud roars of delight thundered far round the coast, And the banks of the Hawkesbury shook with the roast. HARRY PECKMAN. 