POWER FROM ON HIGH. There are certain days in the year that, by the surpassing importance of the events which they commemorate, should be duly observed and used by the Churches as occasions for forcibly impressing great and important truths. Whit-Sunday, as commemorating the descent of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost, is Tone of these days. It is- true-that we may remember the event and its lessons without observing the day. If we do so, all well and good. There is, we think, however, reason to fear that the Christian churches of the present day are not ^giving Buch " earnest heed" as they ought to the great considerations brought before them in the sacred narratives. The descent of the Holy Ghost upon the disciples was the fulfilment of John the Baptist's prediction respecting the great blessing bestowed by the Messiah, and the fulfilment likewise of the Saviour's words respecting the Comforter. In the presence of the Holy Spirit the disciples found the words of their Lord to be true—" I tell you the truth, it is expedient for you that I go away : for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come." They received such a baptism of peace, joy, and holiness, as far transcended all former experiences. But one point that we may particularly notice is, that when the Lord was about to leave them, lie promised the Holy Spirit as the source of that power which they needed to make their mission in preaching Christ successful. They had received the commission, "Go ye, therefore, and disciple all nations." How were they to do this ? They were poor and ignorant men, destitute of social position and influence. They were Galileans, and as such, looked down upon by the Jews of Judea and Jerusalem. They were accustomed to stand in awe of the rulers of their nation. They would be acting against the most inveterate prejudices of these rulers, and of the people in general. As they were, before the Holy Ghost came upon them, it seemed much more likely that they would share the fate of the crucified Saviour whom they preached, than that any serious attention would be paid to their message. In fact, they were utterly powerless, and their chances of success in this mission altogether hopeless. How entirely changed their prospects of success became when, the Day of Pentecost being fully come, and they being " all with one accord in one place," the power of the Holy Ghost descended upon them, we see in the narrative that tells us the wonderful and blessed results that followed—results in which were fulfilled most gloriously- the words of their Master: " Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you." But this natural inefficiency of the disciples to fulfil their icommission is but an illustration of a necessity which is universal— that human lives to be powerful for spiritual good must be baptised with the Spirit of God. To take an instance, more perhaps to the point than any other, we may refer to the fact that Christ himself was baptised by the Spirit for TTia life's work. Here there comes in the necessity of distinguishing between the human and the Divine in Him. As God, there dwelt in Him " all the fulness of the Godhead." As man, He needed, as every man of God needs, the baptism of the Spirit for His life's work. It came upon Him at His baptism by John— under its influence He was led into the wilderness, in itB power and fulness He returned into Galilee, and taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. All His words, such as never man spake, and all His mighty deeds, were the result, as Holy Scripture seems to regard the case, of this baptism o£ power. If He, the spotless and the holy, needed this, how much more do we 1 This enduement of power, as we interpret the sacred records, is something distinct from conversion, in which, we readily allow, Bome degree of pewer to do God's work is received. We infer this distinction fromthe case of the disciples themselves—converted, as we take it, before Pentecost—from the question proposed by Paul at one time, "Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed," and from many facts in general Christian experience. However this may be, the promise of power, as it was made to the disciples, and fulfilled in them, was manifestly a promise of power that should make and did make their labours successful. Is there not a need of such an enduement of power in the Christian churches at the present day ? There is a very general confession of weakness and inefficiency in the Church, a weakness manifest even when not confessed to. We have all sorts of external means and advantages; the influence of wealth and respectability, wisely ordered Church organizations, education and culture in the ministry, and yet, what are the results 1 Though we present the evidences of Christianity in a way that. our enemies are unable to gainsay or resist, we are surrounded, nevertheless, by unbelief and practical and theoretical atheism; Though we bring to bear upon men's conduct the most tremendous motives, tb.ey remain worldly-minded, of the earth, earthy. And as a fact, the influence of the Churches in this land even is not growing faster than the influences o£ evil, immorality, and irreligioo. The community is not going to be saved as things are going at present. Is not the enduement of power promised by Christ to His disciples just what is needed to meet the difficulty 1 Does not the commission, " Go and teach all nations " descend to us % and d we not receive in effect this command, abo, " Tarry until ye be endued with' power from on high ? " And ought not individual Christians and Christian Churches, feeling their insufficiency to do God's work without the Holy Spirit, to pray and wait upon God for this qualification, and give themselves no rest till it be received % In our consciousness of weakness,-unfortunately, we resoit to other things : we bow down to wealth; we court respectability; we cry out for a cultured ministry; we speak of alterations in Church organisation; or we send for noted evangelists, and go in for torch-light processions to attract the masses—and, after all, there is the same tale to tell of very indifferent success. As it seems to us, the secret of the comparatively poor success in Christian Churches is the neglect' of the enduement of power; and the only hope of a better state of things is in the possession of'that enduement. How cheering to remember that " the promise is to us and to our children," and that our Lord has said " If ye, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Father who is in Heaven give the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him." 