ODDS & EttDS FROM THE OLD COUNTRY. ? (FBOM OUR OWN COllllKSl'ONDENT.) * LONDON, Nov. 10. ,y '«Le Mairo cst mort-vive la Maire !" Tho installa «tion of tho new oivio dignitary-whoso name, " "William ; Macarthur," will bo aptly suggestive to Australians of sa useful aiid honoured career-has boon moro than »mmönly successful. A calm bright day, with real sunshine, showed the procession to the greatest advan- tage, and though there woro no special novelties in pageantry, all the details of tho usual cortege were gotten up in capital style; tho fire brigado, perhaps, attraoting tho most applause. Tho new memorial on tho site of old Tompkv-bar, which was uncovered only on tho 8th, after being long tho object of vfihemeut attack, was a point of great interest in the progress o£ the cavalcade. On tho whole, I think public opinion will go against the objectors. Thero is undoubtedly full room for two vehicles abreast on each side of tho now structure, and the refugo on its eastern face for heroic 60uls who dare the crowded crossing is decidedly in favorem vito. It seems a pity, by-the liyc, that the Strand authorities have forbidden tho corresponding shelter designed for foot passongers on the western side, thereby producing somo îthing like a dog with ono ear. Tho statue of tho ?Queen is much admired, whilo that of the Princo of Wales ia fairly satisfactory^ I forbear to criticise the jnuch- disûussed Griffin-the third,-great figure of the p¡ec8-till I have had timei to consult " The seven Lamps of Architecture,1' and study Mr. Buskin's views " of true and false Griffins." II' ovor, thero was no block at Temple-bar, and on tho whole tho procession got . on at a highly respectable pace, considering tho enormous crowds everywhere collected. I don't think I ever saw the open space at Charing Cross-now ïeally an extensivo area-so, 'densely thronged. But I must not dwell on theso/inoidente of tho time ionoured Lord Mayor's sm>w. It was ,in the subse- quent banquet that the fr^-cat interest of tho day was centred. What members'pf the Government were to appear, and what vvould .they say ? It haa no doubt tended much to tranquillize tho country that tho mode- rate section of the Cabinet was for the nonco decidedly in the asc^ndanti and tho speeches mado might have receiver!.'the imprimatur of tho Edinburgh Review. Sper.dlove represented tho firm, and Jawkins . ^forgive the mis- spelling) was studiously kept in the background. Mr. Forster, Mr. Bright, Mr. Chamberlain, even the Duko of Argyll, kept aloof ; not a Radical note waa struck during tho well-arranged series of Ministerial solos. The . Chancellor, Lord 'Granville, and Lord Hartington are all safo men, and their speeches breathed the very spirit of that respect- able heavy fathor, the Old "Whig._ The Premier's more elaborate oration was pitched in the same safe key. . He insisted as strongly as his less ad- vanced colleagues on the maintenance of law ted order at home, and of peace in the East. His ?ono characteristic slip was his reference to a telegram (received " within twelve hours " from tho Sultan, 'expressing a hope that within a day or two the Dul 'tigno difficulty would bo brought to a satisfactory ?conclusion. " Parturient mountains," says Dr. John- son's ghost» in the Kejected Addresses, " have often " produced muscipular abortions," and the success claimed hy the sanguine Premier was so manifestly "the smallest monstrous*mouse" that ever carne to tho birth after the throes of a prolonged gestation list the announcement was greeted with shouts iof laughter-a result with which the orator was ' (probably not ill satisfied. The out-going Lord Mayor, ?Sir Francis Truscott, came in for a hearty round of 'applause. The special praise accorded him by the ?citizens of London for his successful efforts to relieve Irish distress formed an instructive contrast to the (¿cont tirades of Parnell, Dillon, and Co., about a famine averted by the efforts of " every country except England." Tho French Ambassador, M. Cualleinel Lacour, against whose appointment our Eadioals were so bitter a few months since, made a short speech, in very good taste. On tho same day, the Ferry Ministry awoke from a dream of well-earned popularity to lind itself twice signally outvoted in tho Chamber of Deputies, and had nothing for it but* to resign. Oddly enough, their defeat does not appear to have been M. Gambetta's work. Tho-hostile majority seems to have been formed by a fortuitous concurrence of Par- liamentary atom's, Napoleonic, Radical, and Legiti- mist. There waa no groat principle at stake, and the only intelligible explanation given of such divisions is that the House had been "herod" by a long and pompous Ministerial statement. It is quite possible that M. Jules Fery and his colleagues will' bo induced to withdraw their resignations, on having theil wounded amour propre duly salved by a vote of confidence ; but in many cases not the Government only, but the country, is damaged by suoh a display of legislative caprice. Bark rumours are current as to tho failing health of the Ozar, but it is impossible to verify them; truth rarely finds its - way from Russia eave in homoopathio doses. But I think it may bo safely affirmed that his popularity, if not his strength, his been considerably impaired. Iiis July marriage with the Princess Dolgorouki, too hastily solemnized and too tardily avowed, has not been welcome to tho people, who loved and revered the late Czarina, while while they lacked the courtly training to see tho beauty of the position 6o long occupied by the lady who has DOW taken her place. Even tho Russian nobles, though .they never pretend to rise above the lovel of Imperial morality, regard the now arrangement as a mistake. The Czar had better have followed an English prece- dent, and soothed his august spouse's last hours with .non.non^'anrai des maîtresses! Ono good effect, 'however, has followed the second marriago ; the rumours of ab'dication have ceased, The Emperor of all the Russias will live and die in the purple in order to secure^ to his widow tho full dignities of a dowager-empress. The Czarevitch's pan-Slavic ten- dencies are well known, and the longer he is kept from the throne the better for the peace of Europo. Wc are told that the last batch of Nihilist conspirators are now 'under military trial for complicity with the railway and Winter Palace explosions. An optimist " corres- pondent " assures tho Standard «that the Nihilists ¡.are now known to be "a mere knot of men, «sïrbng in the very pauoity of their numbers." It 'seems enough to reply that 16,600 mon and women :have been already transported this year to Siberia for alleged political offence's. If Nihilism is not the out- come of widespread discontent and disaffection, what caa Buch wholesale cruelty mean, or how is it to bo palliated? Apart from the last ^calamity of wide- spread famine, I still believe that tho' condition of ,IÎU6sia may be best described as volcauic ; the ground is everywhere mined, fiery forces aro seething below tho surface of society, and the ono doubt is where the eruption or earthquake shoa'.t will bo first felt. London is refilling earlier than usual-indeed, seems fairly full already.. Politics liavo, doubtless, a good deal to do with this. Ministers are alert and anxious, and M.P.s of every part aro »waru that the attempt'to govern Ireland in its present temper without resorting to Parliament for speoial powors may have to bo aban- doned at tho shortest notice. What will bo tho social . peculiarities of the coming season, it is impossible to prediot; but that wo shall seo Art, warring against Nature in some unpleasant fashion or other seems but too probable. Physicians and surgeons aro sure to hove a line time of it. Tho hideous f ashion which came in during tho past summer of swathing tho neck in shapeless wrappers, must have largely increased female liability to " de catoh-cold." Half the womoD are already lame from tho uso of high heels, a fashion which might fairly bo denounced' as practical athoism. People who really belioved their bodily frames to bo designed by a supremoly wiso and skilful Architect could hardly adopt a practice directly ? opposed to tho plainest laws of their structure. Even a judioious evolutionist would shrink from at- tempting to boautify tho female figure-the result of oons of progressive improvement-by undermining its supports and destroying its balance.' Yet, as I said, . lameness and other worse results of this odious oustom «re assiduously cultivated-not, indeed, by tho very highest in place, nor by hard working females of tho lower ranks, but by tho mass of the middlo classes. What tight-lacing is doing ' for feminine constitutions will never be^fully known till the faoulty, as a body, declaro their views, and recount their experiences. It is, indeed) sad to think of the sufferings under- gone in order to secure those vantage grounds wt the worst diseases, rickety . épines. . f eflhhj hearts, and congested lungs.' There will. Intrust, be a continuance of tho improvement in head gear which I noticed somo months ago-some shelter foi- the temples, and brow in tho shape of a real bonnet or hat. The resultsi'of the bare head and barefaced system too long provalent aro painfully traceable in the numerous cases of impaired sight. Of tho many ladies belonging to my4own generation whom I can recollect in my youth, and who aro now.liko myself, far beyond tho "mediaeval" stage.only a very f owemploy glasses, their sight is almost universally strong and clear for working or reading. But among tho young women of the present day the case is very different. Weak sight is a common in- firmity, and tho youthful columbine is more often seen "with spectacles on nose" than "tho lean and slippered pantaloon." This may in some degree be duo to tho high-pressure system in modern female edu- cation-to poring too niu"cli over books and exercises just at the time when the constitution ought to be sotting. But I believe the principal cause has been the general abandonment of all protection for tho eyes. Tho being "lamo and blind" were two of Old Dobson's " sufficient warnings " that tho grim enemy was' approaching ; but who is to warn thought- less girls, Who feel their lifo strong within them, that they aro anticipating the ravages of time-that nature will not bo dofled or trifled with? It doos somotimes strike me that if the collective force of tho whole medical profession wore brought frankly and earnestly to bear on these health-destroying fashions they could hardly keep their ground. But even the love of science is rarely stronger than self- interest ; 'and we cannot fairly expect the -doctora to strive vpry.hard or protest very loudly against the sowing of their own professional harvest. It is not merely with sanitary questions that teníale costume is largely mixed up; modern astheticisnx is asserting its influence over dress and decoration with startling effect. Were this astheticism a desire for the application of high-art principles, and not a caprice or a cant ; wero the reigning costume influenced by the most beautiful examples found in painting and sculpture, we could not fail to gain some- thing in harmonious colourings and graceful drapery, Even now, toilets are oooasionally Been which have been suggested and regulated by a 'cultivated taste, and wisely adapted to tho stature and complexion of the wearer. But, unhappily", the oracles chiotly consulted aro not the true artists cither of our own br an elder day. Some young aspirant, with neither a reverent love' for Nature, nor the patient diligenco which masters the rules and resources of Art, dashes off some startling novelty on canvas, and sets half the world staring. Here is the man to suggest some " stunning " effect in colour-some ultra-liberal exhibition of form. Here is the man to share the responsibilities and Bwell the " little account " of the fashionable ' modiste. According to the creed of the modern belle, not to bo conspicuous is to be a failure, and like our ritualistic innovators, she piques herself on reconciling tho strictest canonical obedience to the laws of fashion with an un- limited right of private judgment She is prepared to pose at the shortest notice as an "arrangement" in crimson and old gold, or a " symphony " iu sage- green and'sunflowers. "Odds, daubs, and draperies,"-as Bob Acres would shape an appropriate execration-what are dress and diction coming to ? I think tho jargon of osthetical pretension " ryles " mo even more than the forms and colours which it is employed to glorify. The sohoolboy slang of fast young ladies is bad enough ; the English language had doubtless fallen on evil days when we arrived at " awfully ta " as a form of thanks- giving. But the artistic slipslop affected by male pro- fessors of light, and sweetness, and copied, of course, : by their -female disciples, is yet moro enraging. Thero is a gentleman, the very Coryphcous of this school-known by his practice of entering your drawing-room with a lily in his hand ; sweet innocent ! who lately spoke of Mr. Irving's legs (indifferent ones, hy the bye) as " too entirely precious." This beat3 the " too consummate " teapot in Punch. ». To pass from the' fashionable to tho religious world (would that there were fewer serio-comio follies to bridge over the interval !) there are some recent events of grave interest to the English Church which I am bound to notice. The imprisomont of tho Rev. T. Pelham Dalo, for persistence, in spite of repeated "monitions" in various practices of a dis- tinctly Romanizing tondenoy attracts much at- tention. The necessity for so strong a measure niay well bo regretted; but it would havo boen a far greater evil could the reverend offender have continued to defy tho law with im- punity. The attempt to represent Mr. Dale as a martyr for conscienco sake is simply ridiculous. When ho talks of refusing to submit to the judgment of a "carnal court," he forgets that ho has himself appealed to the "carnal" Court of Queen's Bench. When he says that he " views with unconcern " tho closing pf the church in which nothing but his own self-will forbids his officiating, he shows his slight regard for the substance of those religious ordinances in tho forms of which ho is vehemently interested. And when we como to the root of the matter, even were his conten- tion right that.the practices which tho lawhas bidden him discontinue ought to be pronounced lawful, ho cannot j, affirm that they are necessary to salvation ; ho cannot deny that thoy had been long obsolete in the English Church when ho was ordained one of its ministers, and that the attempt to revivo them has been a fruitful source of strife and offence. Granting that the things arc lawful, they aro clearly not expedient ; and we know what St. Paul, no mean authority on the duties of Christian charity, would have counselled in such a case. But Mr. Dale, who talks so gravely about his own conscience, lacks the great apostle's tenderness for the consciences of others. Tho revision of the authorised version of the New Testament has just been completed (November 10) at the 100th sitting of the Board. Many serious persons look on this great work, nobly planned and most laboriously executed, with doubt or suspicion, as cal- culated to shako the national reverence for the Holy Scriptures. I cannot share their misgivings. That the issue of an improved version will impair tho supersti- tious worship paid to the letter of our admirable but by no means perfect version by many ignorant persons who quote it with a blind belief in its oxast verbal in- spiration is more than probable. But such lottor worship is dangerous as well as illogical, and it is better that it should be corrected by tho best attainable rendering of tho true text than that it should be rudely shattered by the assaults of half-educated unbelief. Every Greek scholar knows of certain defects in our authorized version, especially those arising from mis- conceptions of the law of tho Greek article, and from the failure to distinguish between the narrative force of the imperfect tense and of the aorist. Sound reverence for Scripture, such as will withstand sophistry and despise cavil, will surely be better promoted by setting forthwith all possible accuracy tho purport of the sacred writings than by sporing time- honoured errors, to undermine the standing-ground of Faith. An ovent has just occurred at Cambridge over which Dr. Badham will, I trust, rejoice with me-tho rejec- tion in the senate by a considerable majority of a pro-' posai to dispense with Greek as neoossary to a degree in Arts. . The change was strongly recommended in the alleged interests of science, but, whilo the very vocabu- lary of science is unintelligible without a knowledge of tho Greek language, sciontifio study ought surely not to bo divorced from a reasonable familiarity with that most perfect instrument of human thought. Nov. 10. Turn wo to more popular themes. Thero has been au accident at tho Opera House, which wanted but little of becoming a oalaraity; The materials ' for an exhibition of the " lime light." tb glorify Marguerite's final ascent in " Faust," got somehow wrong-tho hydrogen, I suppose, mixing with the atmospheric air-and a 'violent oxplosion was the result, bringing down a portion of the ceiling dose to the footlights, and sonding a cloud of dust and sooty vapour over the orchostra. Groat was the dismay. The hero turned in meditationc fugo. The heroine wavored between flight and fainting. Wind and strings were on tho verge of a sauve qui pent, which would surely have been followed by a stampede of the'audience. Happily, one leading porsonago' had all his wits about him. With his head, hands, and cranium-even his spotless shirt- front-suddenly begrimed, the conductor 6till perceived that tho worst was over. He shouted to the orchostra, " Play ! " to Faust " Resta," and to Marguerite-1 " Canta." Habitual awe of th,e maestro overpowered the casual terror. Tho orchestra.pioked up the dropped threads of harmony ; Marguerite and her lover resumed their parts, and turning to the audience, as he mopped his face and head, the conductor assured them that all danger had ceased. He was not a moraont top soon, as . "sundry timid persona were already making their escape, I-, movement which was hapnilv at once arrested. Tho situation was not without a comic element; but thosi who know what horrors arise when a panic-strickoi crowd struggles towards a narrow egress will percoivi i that Signor Li Calsi's steady nerve and' presence o: ' mind averted a formidable danger. ' MAIL-DAY. SirJ.'\ Roberts has been everywhere greeted witl hearty enthusiasm since his landing, and- is riding ot the topmost wave of profo?aional distinction. Hil march to Candahar, even more, perhaps, than tho vio tory ho won ero his toil- worn troops had had'timo tc rest, will long bo recorded among tho glories of thc British soldier. Tho many friends of Sir John Dar vail will bo glad to hear that his son Captain Darvall, of-the 02nd, since advanced to tho brevet rank ol major, was specially distinguished both on tho march and in the subsequent severe engagement. He was, 1 belioye, the only officer who struggled through the whole march entirely on foot, without once mounting a horso or obtaining-in Jeanie Deans's phrase-any othor " easement." His services in tho battle have been honourable mentionod by Sir P. Roberts in general orders. But even apart from this distinction, it is no slight honour for any soldier, whether officer or private, to have borne a part in the military movement-grand in conception and admirable in execution-which, has restored tho prestigo of British arma in tho East, and shown that our troops, when well lod, can still, as in I tho groat Duke's time, "go anywhere and do any j thing." A feeble Government may fritter away the i material results of their prowess, but cannot efface the triumphs of their discipline, the glery of their success- ful valour. The great political topio of to-day is" the recognised diffloulty of holding the Cabinet together. Messrs. Chamberlain and Bright have been addressing Radical electors in a sense strongly opposed to Mr. Glad- stone's Guildhall speech on the Irish quostion,.and the gulf between Whigs and Democrats is daily widening;, while the Premier, instead of vigorously upholding the law in Ireland, is striving to find somo modus vivendi which shall keep vital differences of opinion out of sight. Alas ! for tho rulers who in times like these have no bettor resource than to temporise and procras tidate ! Meantime, the Irish Roman Catholio bishops are subscribing for the defence of Parnell, Biggar, and Co., the ringleaders of seditious violonco. But some of our English ecclesiastics aro not much wiser. ThoEnglish Church Union (Church Disunion would bo an apter name), with Archdeacon Denison as fugleman, are col- lecting funds to support Mr. Dale, and any othor kindred Romauizors in resistance to the law, t Thier solo ex- cuse-which is also their condemnation- lies in those solemn words, " Yo know not what manner of spirtf ye ore of J" <_, 