A LASTING MBMOET . Tu sight of my return I went to tbt Baymarket Theatre. AtteimyloBgwsadet. ings my arrival had dlttppctnted me. It was a doll November Stturdsy, London wss not foil, and I looa« ?esiecly any of Ibt greeUots I had longed for and expected. My ew relatives wen absents In tbe Olsbs I lelonnd to I only found strangers. Time hung heavy on my hands after the strange scenes o! the past five yean. So I went to tut furmarnt. Tbe little theatre ha! always been ay fancy. I remembered it from very early youth-Ftrren. Webster. Boakstons, Howe, loll, Mn. NUUt, Mn. Glover, Julia Itnnel, and Mitt P. Horton. I htvt never been a great Ibtatn goer or devotee of tbt drama, aud my knowledge ol tbe Most history is pretty well coofintd to the Hay market. - OHAFrEBI. torn «rts nthtr a long mtr' acre, and my mind, by insttnet, but mistily went over JSennt oecailon« of pUrgolog. Hen I had bem With A. and B, and 0, in dan when tht end of the play was tht beguinlag of tbt evenlBg. Nearly opposite once existed a kind ol hell npon wrth eaUed Bob Oreft's, whidier young men went merely becsawitwas dlmpntabte. Onee or twice In ettly yonlh I bad been takes then, ana I bad net fancied It, in rough amusement* had never been to my Using. At Mr. Oroft's an ordinary tvtning generally ended in a fight, and a opt very extraordinary one Inji police Invasion. Hen 1 h»d been kept from harn'a' way by loot Campbell I— since dead. Onoe— the renien bnnee followed quick— I had come to the theatre In a box .with Jock Oimnbtll and others. Among them was Lydla Mtiawtar Ing. The play was tut lame as that new being acted— the ' Sohool for Boandel.'' I glanced at the box we had occupied. It was empty. The curtain agdn rung up. . Another tntr'tttie. The 'box wat tllll empty,, I sighed. My loBged.for returo bad been such a dUappolslment. I hid almott expected lo tee sooe friend in tht box. Curious— In a box ntsr lt two binds In blaek glovei an holdlsg an open gists directed toward m«. Toe wrists stem familiar, small, but with bard wlrer sinews expressing power aud strength. Tht next time I locked np, the hands and the glass are then no looser, and tbelr owner has retired to tht back of the box. Tht play was over, ani a well-known fane was about to commence. The tttlls wen balf-*aplied, when a well-known fen oame tnd greeted mi. It wet Sir Esme Egerton, onee a eohooltellow, then a clergyman— a vocation he had renoonnd on tuoeeedlng to a baron»tor and a property. He wtt a klodlr, dull man. 'Wetterh-m,'he said, 'I hed bo Idea you wen In London.' 'I have only just returned after nearly five years, wandering In the two Amerlosi.' 11 1 knew you wore tnvclllng somewhere, but no one evei hoard from you.' ' I wrote to id lew people,' I answertd ; 'and no ont wrote to me. I have been beyond th« range of ill news, public or private.' ' Thin, I daresty, you never heard of my marriage f Oome up and make tht acquaint anoe ol my wife.' He took me to the box in which I bad teen the black gloves. ' My de*r, I don't think you ever knew my ;old friend Lord Weiterbam, though I tellers you coma from the tame oountry and bare the tame niroV Hi bat jmt. re turned from South America.' Lady Egerton bowed tot a moment with out a word. Then, as though to make re pantloD, the nidi ' I am always glad, Esnw, 0 tie any ef tour friends. Welcome home, I ekould tty, Lord Wester bam I know you already from Eime and others.' ? It was tbe tune voice and the same gtstnn as belorr— a mixture ol defence tnd submliilon, of mentment and tear. To Btue her hearing wsi affectionate and cares* slag, almost eompaulonate and fall ef grati tude. Bat to me LyJIa Malnmaring showed no den of recognition. ' I was turnrll'd to hear of Sir Eime't marriage juet now, I have bad no letters ior months, and have seen no newspapers exospt in the lasttfew weeks.' 'Won't you ask the wanderer to dine to morrow P' suggested the husband. ' I hope you will come, Lord Wtsterham. Eune will long to boar yoor adventures ; and,' she aoded, more slowly, and with an emphasis perceptible only to myself—' and tbay will fntereit me, too,' she continued. ' I feel a little chill/, Eime, and I should like to go home.' He beiged me to eioirt hU wife downstairs while he looked out for the carriage. When tlone the said no word of recogni tion or reralnlseanw. ' You most have seen the play before, Lord Weaterham.' ' Onee,' I replied, ' a long time ago, from the box next to this ons.' 'Then you will remember to-moirow,' the laid at the entered the carriage. ' I know your promises are sacred. Good night/ . OHATTEBU, . , Mt youth mi most unhappy. My mother had married a teeood time * Welsh clergy man, who had speculated on her family. Bhe was the titter, and later the heir general, of lord Werterbtm, who, hiving two boys and an encumbered asUte, oould do little for ier, emll to Inclined. The death of his two boy* made but ltttlt change in Us Inclination, as it teemed to embitter hit wife, a hard Scotch Parita, toward those wbo wen to suoeetd to the InherlUnoe of her eons. ..Nor did It Jmwove «ie jUsposi tion toward miof myli&p; After; Small as win my prospewts, they stood In the way of his eon, my ttep-brother— an impulsive, choleric, sickly boy, who died before Us fathen. Bat my early life and nemewere unhappy. My trntU patrimony was toited on by my itep-fatber, wbo grudged me the food and Aelter he | gaye me (or my own money. Things oiulanot bit thut. At an early He I therefore found myself living in London with a distant cousin, a oonveyaaoer, who gave me a latch-key, and allowed me to have of another distant relative, a sport w man -aad * 'wapacnoe. It was nSer bit patnmage that I became toqaainfed wlti toeinabUtbment of Mr. Bobert Ore*. It ii a wonatr to me now that I WM not ruined in parse and reputa tion beton I nsched the ageofnltetten. Portunat«lj, I disliked Ibetoelety Into which 1 15ikSBi*m.-**.m &**;& assurance tbtt I was ' teeink lift,' I baokej SdMr.Orott'lJntim^cWt. Indeed I SvJrfiena .Iggjk eefcik^ttenl litore two « three ttmte-ronce withrny eontin, X,&«bTteeBna tat tbt entree, ellowei M^H^4andltrttpwtru«e^Iinaat Uit^cWinttnMdlJoekOtmpbeU. ^iffi dining almse wl^^.^-ivey^jrT, 1 toft him to do tus work, went to Mhe tbtatn, and eat li Iht attlls ntxl Jock.; : loot^m«h y«mpr than iny^i, «ti«J Oroft'i. Ihadengtged Jo mwt my tupe tnoeeooiln-htnT HebaddauledmewUb the promlts of taking me to a lotne of even greater bliss. At the door ol Bob Croft's, wtltlBgfor Utobeoptned at the Beetajiry signal, stood the tall, heavj. but will proportioned form that bad tat ns*t mt at the Ihtttn. Looking at mt as wt entered, hi said In a tons o- compassion: 'Blllo! young man, 7011 are beginning early.' I htlf-nssnled hit remarks, and with an sir of suptriority, I ttktd the waller if Mf. Alan t'Taviih ha* arrived. ?«AUn M-TavUhl' Joek Campbell mor mered to himself at, on learning tnat my oousin bad not arrived, I mlkel into the nrttrocm. Tbe rooms wanamall and crowded. The gtt filmed, but (he noon wen uadtd. Tht ipseawM divided Into boxes, of which only two iMm wen feneed off. The atmos phenwte thick with tmoke 1 udthtnwtt to be found the refuse of net-worm and slnglng-halls, with a large tpttakluiR of yoong men of the tipper and middle elaeett, pttdsnwu, and othen who, like myself, GnagUed they win enjoying lift. Jock OampbtU entered ai a kmi, aad wai npturouily greeted by all tht assembly. He wu a splendid fellow, tall, at leut tlx feet four, muscular, with gnat breadth of shouldirs, powerful arms, and a handsome higg-bred, fair-complexioned face, on which i- wore a moustache— an ornament only known in those days to men who, like him self, were In the cavalry, ' Good-night, Jock,1' the mob cried out. ' Good- night,' he responded cheerily | ud notwithstanding the vile surroundings, his presence and his voice showed the good then was In the man. He was not more than four-and-twenty, and the days had not died out, now almost forgotten, when debauchery was deemed the extreme of wit and good company. Spring-heeled Jacks wrenching off door knockers, midnight surprises, fights In the street, attacks on the police— then were the pleasures of many young men of the world, now staid grandfathers and lights in their generation. Jack Campbell had fallen into these ways from high spirits rather than from depravity. He was full of energy, strong, handsome and beloved— beaming with sympathy, which was enlisted by his companions for the moment, whether these were Innocent or the reverse. Belonging to a regiment ln which such pursuits were the vogue, he plunged readily Into them. But he was equally popular in ball-rooms with maiden aunts, or even little children, for he was only pleased with giving pleasure. Waiting for my cousin, I callsd mtentatl onslv for a glass of 'pale white,' the synonym for brandy and water la an un licensed institution. An Inner feeling teemed to tell mt that Jook Ctmpbell had his eye on mt; and faaU-reiential, yet halliawlnated, I followed blm npsttln with my brandy tnd water in my bind. Tht room was much larger, at supper oould be obtained then, tnd a tabit stood very nearly the whole length of the room,' oovered with t cloth spotted with gravy, beer, and stroog drink, I sat down at aa ooenpltd comer of this, ipplng my brandy and water, and smoking a cigar, a aewly- aoqulred aooompllihnuat, A man with a broken note, named Shepherd, a betting mac, sat at iht othtr tnd, Ibt rest of tht room was crowded ; for It was known Jock Campbell, wbo had a beautiful voice, would be asked to slog a song, 'Oome, Jook— a songr' they tit cried 1 and be trollwl forth, in ? rich, strong tenor, an Irish song with a rolioklng chorus, in whloh the whole room Joined. 'Bnoore I enocnl' shouted the crowd, ' I 'opt tht tour won't be so noisy, cap tain,' tald Mr. Bob Croft, ''aoos ol the peelers.' ' AU right,' said Jock Oaapbtll, at hi took a puff of his cigar, looking mi straight in tht face; tnd leaning bis ehin on tils band, bt tani lo a minor key, and In a low ' tone-, a patbetio Scotch long. The iQeot was extraordinary. The crowd was bushed while be sane; ; and when hounded, tbt lost, hndtned women prtust wen crying and tobblngllkeohUdren. On myself tbt eflVot wai electrics]. I had often heard the song la my home, tad hid tlwtyt been told that it WM unpublished, end related to an event in our family history. It set me musltg. 'Oome, young man,' tald tht broken noted ruffian at tbt end of tbe table ; ' don't ' you know It'e your duty to stand tht com pany with champagne round I' I was qnltt dated with the speech. ' If you go wool-gathering, young nun,' oontlnned Shepherd, ' I'll bring you to toon enough.' 'Don't bt too hsrd on the 'youngster, Tliu Shepherd,' said Jock Campbell. ' If he don't tttnd champagne, 111 knock his hud off,' nplled the bnily. 'No, you won't, Tim,' rejoined Jock. ' A big fellow like you ean't bit a child Uka that.' 'Ho, you can't, Tim,' tald the coapuy. ' We don't want no obampagui.' II You shall have some, however,' declared Jook Campbell : and he ordered hall t dostn of Mr. Croft, who brought It up himself. 'By this time Jook Campbell had oome near mt. 'You must take a gists, youngster,' be slid, ' If only for the sake of my long. De you know it r 'Yes,' I answered. « In my family it Is cnown at tht eoog ol Lydla Mtlnwarlog, tht Welsh girl wbo loved the Scotchman.' ?'When do you live, my boyf Yob hid batter go home/' 'I am waiting for someone.' ?i Alsn M'TavUh won't oome here to-aUht. He hat been taken to sponglng.faouss. You bad batter JetTt tnls, at then it mn to be a row toon. Can I gin you a lift J' . ' I lire in Baker-ttnat.' 'Whstl with old Ctlvetl H«LYriifaf ** It not far put ol my way to tbe barrmeks.' HU brougham wu standing el the door, and be took me home. 'Don't go say mon to Sob Croft's,' he said at parting. 'Trust to my word, it it net 'good foryra, and my mint It Jook Campbell. We shall meet toon.' r OHAPXBB m. AUhM'Tathb wai toon eet fret from the speagwg-hout. . divert wai rich, and bit murfon ^itemed to bejhe teltase of AUa from arrest. He eras Vqualnt, kind hatrtad, rat ctUsh old mas, who had dlt ecvendthe secret thttlmmedUUoomplla»oi tend a gnat did ol troobli. His oaly hobby m hU profession, wblcb hid produetd,andwti'produdn|,ago«ddetlDf moneyV To t great pan of this Us few; relatives teemed wtlecmt. Alan hriped Unnelf ' batty,' :and wai only arntUd when Cslvett was out of {bum, I was far mon humble end contented myielf with my : tmsUmtant -smpit enough, as Oslvtttwcald iiothsarctmrptyiiigfcrbedotboard. 'Who Is Jook OampWU' I tiktd of 'Alsn. -.'-???,-? ' ?:- \ '? .? ??' ?:?:-?'.? 'As good a ftUeW as ever Irntt A cspteJaia tbt- , tad a Uad of ooatto of youn iad nuot. Did you cm hear the wogofLyaiaMalinnrtar' , ?:;., - ; ' Ytev^ve-rfts*' 8coeho««-othtr IdldBotilktto Wlth»»a«attU wM*I bidlatiwMiAlk. *.;?. . I,-t: '':;????' HWiD,etBe»Jhs lovtept Lydla,ian4 el; J^Wtev«,ihanmetii(atiinwi&aM; avtrywotntloo. Y«o,ltleertycurmoO»tr, It a Mtirunrisf. Lord Wntsihsm has aatrled a OtopbtU, sat Ltd* Wntefhim tie ntanr Mainwariag nittlcai that ksr hBihtad. JoelCOimpbillitheraeshtw.aad the but gW UvUg with htr, h2T«ewbi, balf Jtptnaenl, whoso turns b LydU Man waring, and whose nUMtMhlp to Lord WetWrham It tetrotly appreciable.' 'Iwish ikMwB* rataM»«t,'Itald with a tigh. t ' I have to fewnspesHbU aeqoaUt 'Amlooliuffldtotr'MkedAla*. 'Well, perhaps I am not naptetabU;1 ht nplitd, la hit ten. ' Yoa knew,' he went oa to lay, 'tht dlmculty. Lad; WetWrbam bu a crochet, u^ you lUp-UUiwUabrato. But you otrtsialy should kacsr mon ptoplt. It won't do tor yowtoaaslntaase to be oottaed to Calveri and myself, ril think It over. Just lend mt a oeupla of pounds!' CHAPTER IV. Loan m-4 L»djr Weeurhus oaote to town, and Jock 0-«fMI teaUted an thslr ttUag mt to dinner. Lttd Wtetetbta ana a heavy, high-bred man, latentted la tgricol mn, and deep la revises and nsinptpan. Lady Wetterbam was tht nil flgun round which was grouped the family history. Aged, with hair grey uider t tap, dneted u \- gnat deal ol rich and old bees, the was In every rttpMt the fronds dam*. Her bub* eers tt Bnt wen somewhat assuring t but then wai a bardntas la her wull-oui ftttons, and a look aloott ferocious in her eyas, overhung bybushyiyebrowe.whlohlmpntstd you vtry toon with tht feeling almost of cruelty. She eeldom smiled, and never laughed | and her ey», with an fSBmelen of command and triumph, was eoBstantly searching ths leeks and watching the move ments ol LydU Malnwarlng. It wu Impossible to sis this girl without pitying htr. Bhe wtt vtry beautiful, but never armored happy. Her eyes won a ittrtledlook, like that ot 1 den oa the alert — eomaJiteiM tlmott a look of terror. It was secy to lawn the scent. Lady Wttttrham nerer left her alone, ,nsvtr omitted lomt phustbttimuit eat her to tho heart. If she spoke to Jock Campbell or myself ? aba wtt bidden to lean the room. If absent, she wu nestled tnd erots^uttttoned tt to htr dngs. For Jook OampbtU alone bad Uiy Wttlerhtm any affection. Hi wai hsr nearoil rtlation and bar btir. II was princi pally on bar Income that Lord Wttttrbtm managed to ktep op Oaillt Creasy, hit boose ovtr the Sootou border. Knn Lady Weaterhim'i hard nature yields' to Jock's sunny pnseuw II* sctmed lo have tent domiosting lnflosnce ovtr her, which, at tlmet, reduced htr to ?uince in tht middle of a cutting, remark to LydU. To him Lydia owed her ttw pleasures. When the want nnly to the theatre, it was with Jock and myself, under tbt ohaperooage ol Otlvtrt M'Tarish, To myself, Lid; Wttterham wu very nadona. 'I tm glad to know 100, Mr. Matten,'* sht said, with a slight Sootch aooent, ' for wt in doubly cousins 1 and In Seolltnd- mon Duo tlstwhtn, we hold tht doctrine chit blood Is thicker than water. I aa Campbell ud Uatnwaring, and nothing eke. Toil girl la a Malnwarios, aid htr mother wtt t Campbell, and tbat't why iht lives hen, Mr. Masters.' ' I auppoas she Is a oousin altof' laid, ihaklng kande with tbt poor girl, and rather glad lo claim relationship with bsr, '? Yet, in a kind of way. Lydia, you hod better go through the aooountt.' - Without a word Lydla left the room. A year or two after my acquaintance with tho Wosterhams my mother dlod, and I be same tho heir to tbo title aad tuch eeteto as want with it. At tht bidding of Lord r7eetcrham, I attumed the name of Main waring, and in the Winter of the same year went with Jock Campbell to Castle Creasy. 'Thoo.' he laid to mo in the train, after Booking in silonoo, ' I want to take you Into sonfldenoo.' The tone In which be spoke Impressed me. It teemed tt though some tuning-point of my life wss presenting Itself. ' We'll talk busueis,' ho taid. 'Iharo boon thinking over matters, and I find that, burring my little eistar in the oountn and Lady Wostorham, I have no nearer relation than you. Now, I am not going to Uro long. My heart U ihuy, ana I enow it ; and I have no one to whom, as muoh as to your soil, I cut bequeath my oonfidenoes. [y littlo sister is well provided for. Sbo had exactly tbo same fortune as myself, and the accumulations will be ooniiderablo whan iheoomosofago. I therefore InUnd dividing my own fortune into two parts— one I shall leave to her and one to you.' I mado some gesture of deprecation. 'Don't Interrupt me, and don't think I shall leave you your aharo absolutely. I liopo not to die just yet; but whonl do, you will noeive a lottor, making a charge on the money I leave you. This it what lawyers raU a secret trust. It it sot legally binding j but you, I know, will ropeot it. I do not tven ssk you to give mt you word. You will know the tatter to be genuine,' both from my handwriting and from two seaU-ihii one I wear on my finger, and another with Uu initUls 'L.M.'' The communication was to saddening thai I eould not find a word of reply. Probably my lOenot pleated him mon than phrases. Ihopoao. _^______ OHAFTEB V. Oares Creasy is a very lonely plset. The house U built is granite, with a moat round it, now dry and grown In grass. The ghost of Lydia Mainwaring haunts on» portion of It— ? long corridor, with baoheW rooms and ending in a bUllard.raem. The boats wai mon gloomy than necetnry, owing to its htlf-teaantlaa state. It wat ran that any visitors wen admitted to the bouse, partly from the want of income, partly from he almost ataetlo toduion of ItentMtan einoe the death of the two sons, One custom tlone partly relieved the eppnitrn character irftheneidenoe. Gat-nof, long Introduced into oountoy booses— wu kept burning ail night in different portions of tl» bulling. TMj was absolutely neoeeury to cue of any Bight alarm, and mads np ior tho tmsL numto of the servants. Jook and I walked through the large, gloomy hsU. . 'There Is the heroine of the tonft' she tald. IIooWiui,aridrith«inimtgUtaoo or nslitj ati atdUig Ukesea of tht present LydU Itauwarmg. We went up m oaten tUiroate tnd pasted a longgallery ?. Then we wnt/senelTea by the mti&raiid; mtstrtes of the house. Lydia VMtpiag ws» with them, her «tm more ituUeiTana fear^WckenthtJi before. The likeness to tamed tome and asid: .?!/?;.. ;: 'InmttHdyou welcome, Mr-l£eiflWiu- j . i^o^ookhsaas wHh uswiaiajook as thS^ tie feared a How. V- fe' K . f'iornaji.yott wttt ijtoTroai »o6Jnj g arri,' tnfsTrctr* T'XT Weotarhata. ^ The; a»»-tw Mi^t^uAiJAire silug. ^lyiuay *j°sg I^S) Jook seemed haU-indlneA to nsaWjsweae fotanat ajlsieitrttoB,1-Btlhij|lioVB MBBsi|pheJ wtBtooWninBgsMWiC|ipneKyoyjaBpi^yi xpi tcwri^tetUrto^roxBii.- ''7^^' \--i-':*y .-'?? ^-: : I: . ':-M ifZ Or«r the ontranot tbsn me a dim gaslight The nans over the door of the billiard-room csposUo. It oontalned twelve rooaii, tu on tGEsTiide. Theeo were furnithtd in the rough ttylt with which buhelon utd farSidytokJfcnated. Than wuTbad very UtUe better thin a ploughman's, with a dimity ourtala. Falohw ef otrptt wen placed ban and then. The wash-hand-stand was of oommon painted deel, tnd the dmeing-tablai wu oorcrtd wllhunnhltaohtdcloi}), oa which itood't small nlala looUng-gUis. Tht windows badihultert, bot ouTv two plain otUoo car tains,' land a battered Ua bath stood is 001 comer. 'Uy servant wul look after Mr. Main waring,', said Jook to the buUtr. 'Whloh room would yon like. Theof' heeontinned. I nechsjiUtlly took the, tot on the Uft. Jock took tho rwrt, ' We must have tflre, Waters,' said Jook Oampbdl to tho butler. '»Cy lady has uld nothing to me about H,' answered tbt latter. ' Well, Waters, 111 take the risk upon mystU. and pay you for tht ooal* in oats of JooktpokohsU In jest, but it was clear that tht jest wat half In earnest. At our stay oonUnutd, it booatnono easier. Hitherto I had never shot, and Jook Initialed . me into ths mysteries of tho tit, for wbioh I badoontnutedapaatlon. IioatUmes thought ho teemed to tin himself to pleut mo by staring out at long at possible, ud moro than once ho teerotd worn out on our return ; but hi wat 10 unselfish that be appeared for my Mike to be at greedy of the am usemont u myself. Ono evening wo wen) later than usual, and when we returned to dinner be wu deadly pale. LydU looked at lilm with an anxiety I had never bofon seen, tnd her gut of terror intonslfiod. Wo ntver aat up vary Uto, and thtt night wo wan both tired. ' Good night, Theo, boy,' tald Jook, olioer fully | ' sloop well tnd God blm yeu.' I always had slept well, but at Osstle Onaay I slept better than usual after all my sxerdso and out-of-door life. Dttt'I wu restless. Perhaps I had over itralned my nervos; or hod drank too much whiskey. I slept, but not soundly— that kind of steep la which tho tense* are very touts. It must have been about ouo o'cluok when I ?Urtad op In my bed. I had distinctly ?cord the entnnoe door of the pamago open, then then wen thuds at though sonic heavy aubstanoe wai falling from utap in step, rhon I beard a heavy elgh and a sweeping ?ound, u though the tame Iiostj load wu icing dragged slowly along tho uaMMO, UU t stopped for a moment. I could ra-I»t my Feelings no longer. I lotpod up from my bod ud opened the door, tnd I eaw Lydla Msinwtiing, soared and wan, Iho pemplra tion streaming dawn her ahooka, dragging along the floor tbo dead body of Jock 0»mp trail. Ho wu drestod in bis evening waist Mat ud trousers, with a tighter smoking tout I hid often seen. IUs smoking oat bad fallen off, and lay near tho uteps. My sye ctugbt LydU'a. She did not soy a word, but liftod her hand- with a meaning I never Kmooivod a gottun oould eiprem, and gating it me, with a look of terror tnd entreaty, [ folt I knew her prayer, aud returned to rny ream. Tho dragging noise still continual, till it who opposite Jook'i room. I hoard ft in tho room lUolf. Then there wu a pauae. Jctnwhllo I hod not gono to bed again, but JMtiijr putting on tome olutliM, I walUid what wu to oomo. In about a quartor of ,: an hour my own door oponod, and LydU beckoned to me silently. She said hut a fow words in a whlapor so low that, exeept for tho silenoo round, it would havo been Inaudible. ' He died in my room,' she sold. This was all. The next day Jook OampboU won found lying dead on his bod. Nothing In tho room wu disturbed. Hit oap lay nonr lilm. lit clothes boro no trace of tbo ghsaUj oumoy. Tbe anthorillos wbo Uvmtlgatod I'm matter reported that bo ' died by tho visita tion of God.' It wu a true vcrdlot, u the heart disease of wbioh he had tpokou to me bsd killed him. In tho night boforo bis f unoml, at the hour of his death, I heard tbo door open onco again. Again LydU walked down (ho ttopt and again came w my room. Together we went and pnyoA by the ttdo of his coffin. 'Oousin Then,' die said to me, 'you mow that he loved you u wo both loved um. I must ntvor set you again if I can help it. Never soekmt; and if wt meet let us do to aa stranger*. I ask you this favour . onhisooffln.' I pntstd her band snd gava her tht promise. Theo the kissed the ooffln and glided noisslessly from the ocrridor. I da , not see her again. The next night Lady Westorham sent for mt. She ssld to me hardly 1 , 'Tht mvo bat elotod over Jook. Hell gone. My sons, an gone. Doubtless you will enjoy their inheritance. I do not love you, but I am not unjust. Let us nerer Neifdty I left! the house, divert MTtvith wat Jook*! executor, and hit will wuuhebtdannoimoedlt. But the letter never reached me. I wu nearly twenty-ono, and Oalvtrt MTavish, my -next friend, agreed to my traTtUing. I had always longed for adron tun, and my first journey was to the deserted, cults of Central America. At OuttemaU I had hoard of the death of LordWeetCTham, followed shortly after by hat of hU wife. Tht latter hod lift mt her fortune, whicb wu not very large, at her wUlexpnstedlt,'out of pun juiUne.' It wss charged with an annuity for LydU Malnwarin*. . Iiaew IwatweU off, but nothlog more. Ostof/ookOsutpbeU't legacy X hsdpnt by oM-hlif religtauiyuaiSserve against the aesnt trus^wiueb. as yet had never boss oOBBnndaamlio me. . - I dhud,u invited, the next day with Sir EemeTud Lady Egerton. ' .. There wu but one guest bottoe myietf. , ? ' u was Jook OempboU'e sister. Sbt ft now my wife. Tht diy after otr nurriage L»dy cu^pi^^i Jnoldtsd me a Itttov. It mt t*y ateret trust of Jook Otmpbell. . ^?DsusbwiTbw., This U my storet trust. If LydU Mauwaring It ever In want of ''. jBoe^.giytber^htlfmyUgaoytoyon. She , s the one knot my Un. . ? '« yoo dU whlout hein, beaueath the - «amlhav»leftyotitomyelsur. It itmy ? iyingwishthi yon should -tatrry her. JDoodfbyev dear young «ousin. Tour «ffto. . i. . tJonattooneln, -? .-.TT ??- . . ?: fiimS ,'f . ?-:=?? , ^ ? It wsa Hit mialosof Tbaokei»y— tjj'ht ;'- * * ' - ''?'??. 'X'i ex^roMdlt^^inhlsOMvonaUmtndhisi ?yC-;:v DjijaatlaVti laa 'aVeweMMtaat aIMi 'eBUkU 'At S llsitie^S 1 ' :.' ' ^ ' ' / ' ' 