POETRY. THE RETURN OF THE DEAD. A year she had slept the sleep of the dead, When the young wife rose from her narrow bed. To her it seemed but a night of woe That she had lain in the dark below. No count had she of the passing hour, Of winter frost or of spring-tide shower; And over her shrouded head in the tomb Had flourished and faded a summer's bloom. She woke from her sleep with yearning love For the husband and child she left above. " My little son was but ten days' old When 1 came to lie in the churchyard mould, My arms had held him but once to my breast When they laid me here in my lonely rest. And my husband dear, woe worth the day ! He wept and wept when they bore me away; When death took from him the light of his life ;1 When death took from him his dearest, his wife ! 0, might I see him once more in our home, O, might I but once in his presence come, Might I rock our babe in his cradle-bed, Then would I come back and rest with the dead !" Her prayer was granted: through stone and through clay By the might of her love she forced her way. Swiftly through lane and through field has she sped. And no man aoth see or doth hear the dead. With yearning love and with trembling fear She has flitted across the threshold dear. Unseen and unheard she wended her way To the chamber aloft where her young son lay. hike a cloud she brooded above his .bed; He shuddered and smiled at the touch of the dead. " And now must I comfort my husband dear, And dry the eyes that have wept for a year. My lot has been but to slumber and sleep : But he lives above the ground to suffer and weep." Unseen she stands with her hand on the door— "He thinks not, he knows not, I hear him once more." And the gentle tones of his low-tuned voice Made her dead heart beat and her flesh rejoice. Full well she knew every word that he spake— 'Twas a poem of love he had made for her sake; And though she lay buried a year and a day. She lived in his mem'ry for ever and aye. He gave her the sweet name he called her in life; She listened and heard how he murmured,1' My wife ?" And vowed to be true to eternity. " 0 faithful beloved, thou thinkest of me !" UnBeen she drifted through panels of oak, And stood In his presence, nor breathed nor spoke. O God, what a sight her dead eyes meet! And closer she gathers her winding-sheet. . A fair young girl by her husband's side, ' And her he is calling his dearest, his bride. The dead is forgotten, thrust out of his life. And now has he wedded another young wife. The sorrowful ghost drew a deep sigh of woe— " Away, away to the dead will 1 go; And follow me soon or follow me late, For thee will I patiently, silently wait; Nor ever again will I rise to see Bow faithless and merry the living can be!" L B. | 