THE PACIFIC ISLANDS. In*, European Mail says: — ' The jurisdio tion of |Sir Arthur Gordon has been the subject of some disoussion iu the House of Commons since our lust. Mr Gorst wunted to know whether Sir Arthur, us High Commisaiuuer nuder the Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1875, was not by that Act restricted to a juris diction over subjects of her Majosty; and whether Sir Arthur Gordon had any authority : as governor of New Zealand or otherwise, to levy war against thu natives of the Solomon Inlands. The answer given by Mr. Trevelyen was not so plain ag could have: been wished After mentioning that th« jurisdiction of: the' High Commissioner exd-nded over British subJHots and British s'ritijeuts only, 'he stated that Sir Arthur had authority to' aanbtion the Bonding cf tho Emerald, and then went on to state the circumstanced under -which 'that sanc tion was asked for. But we do venture to repeat ' that the Governor of Now Zealand, whoever he may be, is not the proper person to hold the High Comtni-aionerahip of thri Pacific, and the sooner thu duties are transferred to socirt other authority the better it will be' for the whole mercantile element of the Paoiilu. We note that ' 'aptaiu Krakine, the newly ap. pointnd oorumodoro, left Chatham on July 27 in the armour-plated ship Nelson for the Austta. ian station; and the instructions he takes with him will, we hopo, tend to diminish gri-atly th outrages which have been far too common of la'» in the 8rmth Hf,an ' Ax* use it. It in at every picnic. It in ia every kitohen. It ijives the finish to every diih for irravies, soups, came, fish, ct cold meau t assists digestion ami iuoraaties the appetite It has a plaoe at l-iovurnmnnt House, and it seen hi every respectable artiaan'a. The Pro teotioniata use it, bin- Mica it is oolouial ; the: Freetraders, because it cheap. It ia the especial favourite with all olaHSOs, becatut, as one of the Sydney clergymen wrotu: — ' It is the boat ye». raado.' It is the Aitstbauan Shubh, made by Washington H. Soul, of 221, Pitt-streot, and sold br evary ;«wrekeeper. Prioo, One Stilling.— {Ahtt.] Theee ladies of Hudson's Surprise Party went to ohurch at a town on the Iiowne a Sunday, or two back, and wero rather more astonished than pleased to find themselves made the text for a sermon against theatricals and other amusements. One can imagine that those three unhappy ladies attracttd almoat as much attention, if not admiration, as though they had been on tho stage committing the sin tho clergyman was denouncing. The trio of ladies is now known as the ' Hudson's Sur prised Party.'—' Town Talk ' in The Week. An Expkotkd Intkkkstino Voltjsib. — It is said that Lord Derby, intends vary shortly to publish alt tho correspondence which Lord Beaconsfield hud with himself and his father, and that tho nork may be looked for in the autumn. Somo of the letters date baok to the earliest rlays of Disruoli's political career, and must throw immense light, not only on the doiugs of those days, but ' many things,' that, to use tho earl's famous phrase, ' have happened siuco thon.' There cannot be a doubt that Lord Derby will be discreet and also tendor to thu fame of his great fathor and dear friend. Should a doubt cross his mind he will know that his duty is to let the doubt prevail. Bome peoplo aro easily led away by their imagination, and here \s a perfectly true in stance which occurred at this end of tho colony. An individual of a vivid imagination is enjoy ing himself hugely over a mugazine. Enter to him a friend who wants to know what the imaginative one is laughing at so oonaumodly. ' Oh,' ii- joins the other, holding his sideB, and with tears running down his cheeks, ' this is simply splendid, ho! ho! ho! read it; it's grand.' Unimaginative one gets hold of magazine and upellb the article cutefully through, but cannot discover the ghost of a juke in it, and says so, muoh to the disgust of the imaginative ono, who calls him a muff for his pains. Unimaginative one begins to think his brain must be temporarily woolly and reads again, but without result. At the foot of the page stands the name ' M. Taine,' and then a light breaks in upon him. He inquires, ' Are you labouring under the idea that you've been reading something by Mark Twain p ' ' Of course I have,' replies the other, ' oh, it's simply splendid,' and then roars and side hold ing commence da capo. That individual had been reading a serious critique by that most serious of oritics and scholars, Monsieur Taine, under the impression that it was a bit of Mark Twain's humour, and he had in consequence, discovered mirthful pasBages which Momus himself would have overlooked. Thus it ia, as already said, that people's imaginations run away with them.— ' Town Talk ' in The Week. Good Advice. — We notice the plan of the Towers estate is shown in detail in our auction columns. Thosu of our citizens who havo not seen this delightful spot should not neglect taking a copy of tho plan and inspecting it. The (Ivivo thoro and thno required for inspec tion will not occupy inora tlian an hour, which for health purposes will be as beneficial as a day spent at Sandgato; while the grand scenery opened up to view will ropay the time and trouble twenty times over. Uono but those who havo witnessed the glorious views pre sented from this estate can form any concep tion of the magnitleonee of tho sconory that surrounds the motropolis. For particulars of the property, sec the plan, &c.; ? 