The First Wedding. TALMAGE describes a grand wedding: Morning without a cloud. Atmosphere without a chill. Foliage without crumpled leaf. Fruits without curculio. Meadows without a thorn. Fit morn- ing for the world's finb wedding. It it to be in ehanh—th« temple of a world—sky •domed, moumtain-pttlared, sapphire>rooted; sparkling mUn of Hiddekel ud Gihon filling the baptis mal fonto; lark* and robins and goldfinches to chant the wedding march ; violet and lily and roee barning incense in the morning ran; luxuriant vine* •weeping their long trail through the forest aislea ; the wild beasts standing out* side like servants, looking from the back-room upon the nuptiils. The eagle, king of birds, the locust, king of insects, tbe lion, king of beasts, waiting. Carpets of grass for the human pair to walk on. Bat, hash the winds t Hush all the birds! Hash the voices of the waters I The king of the human race is advancing, and his bride — a perfect man leading to the altar a perfect woman. God, her father, gives the bride away, and angels hear the betrothal; and tears of morning dew stand in the eyes of the violets as Adam takes the round hand that had never been worn of work, or stung of pain, in his strong grasp, and says : "This to now bone of my bone and flesh of my flesh." Then tnmalts of joy break forth, and the trees dap their hands, and all the galleries of the woods break forth with carol and chirp and chant, and. the circle of Bdenic gladness was complete. For while each quail had answering quail, and each fish its answering fish, and each fowl its answering fowl, and every beast of the forest its appropriate oompanionship, at last man immortal had for mate woman immortal. Married, on the second Tuesday morning of May, in the year 1, Adam, the first man, to Eve, the first woman, tbe Lord of heaven and earth officiating. No cards.— Tkt ArgonuuL FAIBT SUMBSTITIOKS AND THKIB OSIOIR.— It is ft welMmown fact that in all popular tales the early —miss of the tribe always beoome figured at length as demons, sprite, or ogres— beings of supernatural power and mischievous habits. Most of these fanciful creatures are gigantic in sue, as is natural in the ease of foe* men, whose prowess is apt to be exaggerated in the mouths of those who have to fight with them. Especially in the legends of a conquered and ex* patriated race, the conquering race is of course figured as of vast sise and strength. The peculiarity of the fairies is that they are small, though very spitefuL Now, it is certain that before the Aryan invasion of Europe the whole continent was inhabited by an aboriginal people, short of stature and dark in complexion, who built many of the existing megalithio monuments, and especially the great stone circles of England and France. These people were identical in blood and tongue with the modern Basques ; and they used weapons of polished stone alone. When the Celts, the first wave of the Aryan inundation, burst upon Western Europe, they found this small race of stone age men in possession of the country; and, being themselves a larger and stronger tribe, with weapons of bronze, they eon* quered and enslaved or assimilated the Euskarian aborigines. But in their legends and popular tales they kept up the memory of the little people whom they had vanquished, and who have descended to our own times as the fairies. These tales cluster specially around the megalithio structures, or elf-stones, and around the stone weapons, arrow heads, and celts, which were the relics of the conquered Euskarian race. Wherever such relics are found stories of elves and fairies are common. The fairy superstition lives on most firmly in the purely Celtio parts of Britain —such as Ireland, Wales, Scotland, and Corn* wall. But the Anglo-Saxon and other Teutonic conquerors in this country and on the Continent learned and preserved the legends from the con* quered Celts. Around the barrows of the stone age chhfWm, stories of fairies—or, as the Teutons call them, elves—still survive. There can be little doubt that they are in fact lingering memories of the ghost of the great man sup* posed to haunt the neighborhood of the tomb which is the home of his spirit. As to the name " fairy" itself, it has a rather curious history. It descends direct from the Latin fata, which was used by the Romanised Gauls to translate their native name for the elves. But from being a neuter plural, it becomes in tbe Romance languages a feminine singular— -fada in Pro* vencal, fit in French. Fay is the true Norman- English equivalent Striotly speaking, fitrie or fairy is only the collective form of this word, like Englishry, Irishry, and so forth ; but it has practically grown once more into a mere singular. St. James's Gazette. 