THE SHOWMAN'S GHOST. [N.Y. Weekly Herald.] Chapter 1. The blue-faced Tasmanian devil slumbered peacefully ; the great aboriginal ape of the Andes pursued the aboriginal flea ; the fretful porcu- pine, like a literary man out of harness, had laid down his quills and dozed at ease ; the lordly lion yawned lazily, mindful, possibly, in the sultry heat, of the African desert in which he roamed in infant days ; the polar bear alone was disquieted, and he went up and down in his den like a profes- sional walker against time. It was nearly noon on a roasting English summer day, and Mr. Solomon Varley's unrivalled peripatetic zoological exhibition was pitched upon an English village green. The village was the centre of a scattered group of sleepy little places, and Solomon had done fairly good business yesterday, and looked to-day for better business still. On the morrow he and his unrivalled exhibition would be away again, in search of fresh halting places and a public new. Solomon sat with his wife and daughter in a house on wheels. The house was painted a golden yellow, and the panels on its walls were picked out in red. It had snowy muslin curtains to its little windows, and the brass knocker on the door glistened like gold. Within everything was snug and in miniature as in a stateroom aboard a ship. At any breath of air the canvas roof of the show made a flapping noise like a sail, and kept up the aboard-ship illusion. Solomon himself was nautical in aspect, being brown of complexion, through much contact with all sorts of weather, and attired in a suit of blue pilot cloth and a low black shiny hat of seagoing pattern. Mrs. Solomon, whose name was Sarah, was also of a nautical pattern, looking generally cleared for action, in a dress which displayed her shapely ankles, and her plump brown arms. This dress was cut away a little below the neck, showing something very like a shirt front, from which rose an undeniable stand-up collar, sur- rounded by a red scarf tied in a sailor's knot. Her hat was identical in pattern with Solomon's, but was worn rakishly at the back of her head, where it rested on a coil of tidy black hair, giving its wearer a clear lookout aloft. "This is about as 'ot as they make 'em, ain't it, missis?" said Solomon, alluding to the weather, and blowing an idle cloud. His voice was a trifle hoarse with constant open air oratory. "I hope Jim's a-keeping Jack pretty cool," said Mrs. Solomon Valley. "Ah!" said Solomon, rubbing his pilot cloth knees, with his brown hands, and then, rising slowly. "I'll take a look round, missis." Jim was one of the human staff and Jack was the polar bear. Jack was apt to grow delicate in hot weather, and it was Jim's business to douche him. Solomon took the promised look round, and watched Jim as he splashed the grizzly Jack. "That's right, Jim," said Solomon, "keep him cool. This weather tells on him, poor creetur." "Ah!" said Jim, with an air half mournful, half resentful. "I don't find nobody to dowk me, master. A cove gets dry inside an' out on a day like this." "Theer's a spot or two o' mysture in the bucket yet," returned Solomon ; and Jim, whose predilection ran in favour of other liquids, growled and splashed Jack with savage energy. "Well," said Solomon, who in Mrs. Varley's absence was always inclined to be sympathetic with the thirsty, "it is a brilin' day. Theer's a tanner for you. Don't make a beast of your- self." Jim, the tight-trousered and loose-shirted, dexterously caught the coin, spat upon it, jerked out a "Thanky, master,'' mid took up his buckets, but lingered. "See the bloke in the stror 'at 'ere again yesterday, master?" he enquired, with a trans parent pretence of having asked the question casually. Solomon nodded. "Uncommon fond o' wild beasts he is, ain't he, master?" Solomon nodded again. "What's he arter," enquired Jim, dropping the buckets on the saw-dusted turf. "What's he mean by comin' prowlin' around wherever we pitches? What's his little game? Come now master, out with it? What's his little game." "James,'' said Solomon, "I worn't born yes terday, nor yet my missus. We know what's what, if you'll allow us. I've seen coves in all sorts of 'ats in my time--white 'ats and stove- pipe 'ats as well as stror 'ats--took the same way for a day or two, an' what's it come to? I knowed a feller attached to a wild beast establishment once," said Solomon, with a look of undefined humour, before which James hung his head, "as was took the same way. But he 'ad the good sense to hold his jor about it 'an smother his secret in his own buzzuin. That's what he had the good sense to do, James." James sullenly, and with an air of discomfiture, took up his buckets and made as if he would retire ; but, dropping them once more, he turned blushing confusedly. "Pre'aps," he said, "that party got used to keepin' a pretty sharp look out, and pre'aps, howsummever his feelins is despised, he'll go on a-keepin' of it." With that Parthian shot James retired, bear- ing his buckets with him, and Solomon, leisurely walking round the establishment, took a look at his properties. "Maybe Jim's right," he said when he had completed the circuit. Balancing himself on one foot he lifted the other and knocked the ashes from his pipe, tapping gently and thoughtfully on the sole, "Maybe Jim's right, I'll tell the missis to keep her weather eye open." He strolled back to the house on wheels, con- sulting a fat watch by the way. "Time, missis, time," he said, standing on the lowest step of the ladder and looking through the door. "Wheer are you off to, Virgie?" Mr. Varley's daughter bore the name of Virginia, indifferently shortened to Virgie or Jennie, according to fancy. She had enjoyed the advantages of a finishing school, and was very shy and pretty. She was shy even with her parents, to whose wandering home she had returned a year before with her pretty head stuffed with the lifelike romances of the feminine writers of this favoured age. "I am going into the village to buy some floss silk," said Virgie, blushing, as she nearly always did when spoken to. "All right my darlin'," said Solomon, pat ting her cheek with his big brown fingers as she came down the steps. ''Don't walk too fast. It's a roaster to- day. Time, missis." Away tripped Virginia, and Mrs. Varley, lei surely descending, followed her husband to the platform of the show, where she ensconced her- self at the seat of custom, while Solomon assumed the active directorship of the band. The band, comprising thirty-five instruments, groaned, wheezed, banged and blared in a big box, obedient to a rotary handle. The crowd flowed in, and the sound of copper and silver tinkled pleasantly through the tunes playod by the mechanical orchestra, whose strains had long ceased to charm the musical ear of its proprietor. Solomon, indeed, was wont to relate a story to the discredit of the orchestra. "One day," said Solomon, "I takes a pitch right oppisyte a chemis' and druggis' place, an' in doo time I toons up. Well, he stands it regular game an' plucky for about half a hour or so, an' then he walks over. 'Mister,' he says quite the polite gentleman--'I ain't a complain- ing party as a rule,' he says, 'but your orgin is too much for me.' 'Well, governor,' I ups an' says, 'you ought to have more human nature than complain,' I says ; ' I know it's hard on you,' I says, 'to have to listen to it, but you'll think o' me sometimes,' I says, 'with a tear o' pity on account o' my havin' to play it regular, won't you ?' It closed him up, if you'll believe me," Solomon would add, " as sudden as a clasp-knife." On the present occasion Mr. Varley ground away mechanically, and was more bent upon observing the faces of the crowd than even on the pleasant tinkle which made its way through the wheeze, and blare of his own music. There wore straw hats in plenty before him, but the particular straw hat of whose owner Jim had warned him was not there, and the showman was not sorry for its absence. The common interest in zoology was not strong enough to induce young men of gentlemanly exterior to follow his unrivalled collection from village to village, and Solomon had needed no warning as to the object which caused the wearer of the straw hat to follow the show with a persistence so unusual. Perhaps Solomon was mentally short-sighted. Perhaps, notwithstanding two-and- twenty years of matrimonial experience, he was little versed in the ways of women. Possibly his own open- hearted nature and sterling honesty and straight forwardness helped to blindfold him. Virginia had gone into the village to buy floss silk- quite the most innocent of errands. And the young gentleman in the straw hat was not anywhere in the immediate neighbourhood of the show. Quite a satisfactory matter. It never occurred to him that the young gentleman might meet Virginia. He would have been ready to knock down anybody who had told him that Virginia had gone to meet the young gentleman. The showman's daughter went along the shady tide of the street swinging a dainty little basket in her hand. She bought the floss silk to satisfy conscience and answer possible enquiries, and then she strolled on under the shade of pleasant boughs into a leafy lane. She blushed and trembled as she went, and was many a time half inclined to turn back again, and by-and-by a young man wearing a straw hat heaved in sight, and throw- ing away a half- smoked cigar, turning his loung- ing walk into a quick one, and approached her smiling, hat in hand. "So you are here, after all," he said gently. "I shouldn't have come," fluttered Virginia, "if I had dreamt that you would be here." "Don't," said the wearer of the straw hat pleadingly, "don't be so cruel as to say so. "Don't think I came to meet you, said the little coquette. "As if I should think of such a thing!" "I hope you will think of it sometimes," said her companion softly. "If you knew how lonely it is to wait ! If you knew how hard it is go away without having seen you!" "I can't always be strolling about country lanes," said Virginia pertly ; "I come as often as I can." "You do try to come, then?" he asked. "How you do try to trap one, Mr. Verscholye!" said Virginia. "Say 'George,' " said Mr. Verschoyle, ignor ing the charge. "No, I shan't!' "Say 'George,'" pleaded Mr. Verscholye again, stealing an arm about her waist. "Well," she said, half tremulously defiant of her own tremors and half tender, "George." She only whispered it and blushed like a peony. He stooped down and kissed her. She made a move- ment of resistance and another, as if she would free herself of his encircling arm. But he knew his power by this time and kept his place, and took his kiss and strolled on by her side under the shadow of the leafy trees. The foolish captive little heart fluttered beneath his hand so that he could count its beatings. He never thought or cared to think how sadly and sorely it would beat in days to come because of him. He was a well looking youngster, with nothing of the traditional villain about him. A fair face, a tall and lithe figure, with a good breadth across the chest and shoulders, a drooping blonde mus- tache, frank eyes enough, a gentle voice, a handsome hand-a little too much bejewelled but no cloven hoof, no sinister aspect to affright or warn. Faust had no need of Mephistopheles to teach him how to woo this silly Marguerite. He had trapped wiser women in his time unaided. And little Virginia was in love with him. Her head was full of foolish visions of fine things to wear and a noble house to live in and im- posing servants to wait on her and a carriage with fine horses, with footmen holding on behind. To be honest with her, these visions made no part of her love, but was only part of what his love would dower her with. So they walked along the leafy lane beneath the shadow of the pleasant boughs, he lied to her and she believed him. Chapter II. It rained on an August night in an English seaport town as English summer skies know to rain. The tempest had gathered suddenly after weeks of sultry weather, and the clouds burst in a deluge. The great drops fell with a sound of continuous thunder on the canvas roof of Solomon Varley's show, but the proprietor of that establishment was filled with satisfaction. The sudden storm, although it had dispersed the crowd in front, had hastened one-half of the people inside, and Solomon had such a house as he had rarely seen. It was feeding time, and double prices being charged at that hour, Mrs. Varley, at the seat of custom, had reaped a four- fold silver harvest. The tent was well illuminated, but every now and again the lightning glared through the canvas and some of the kinglier sort of beasts answered the following thunder- ously. There was a certain sort of majesty in being proprietor of a wild beast show under such circumstances, and Solomon was in his glory. Suddenly his wife came in with a shawl over her head and forced her way through the crowd. Solomon, seeing that she made toward him, went easily to meet her. She was pale and breathing hard, and clutching him by the arm with both hands she gasped out the words :- "Jennie's gone!" "On a night like this!" said Solomon. "She'll catch her death." "She's gone, Sol, she's gone!" cried the mother, almost screaming. "What d'ye mean?" asked Solomon. People began to stare at them. "Come out o' this," he said, and seizing her by the arm, he forced his way through the crowd to the outer plat- form. The rain came down in straight ruled glittering lines, blurring the lights in the shops opposite. One blinding flash of lightning fell as Solomon and his wife came upon the plat- form, and a tremendous roar of thundor fol- lowed. "Now, what's the matter?" he asked, when the awful sound had rolled itself away. The woman wrung her hands and moaned. "She's gone, Sol, she's gone!" was all the answer she could make. "What d'ye mean?" cried the showman, re fusin' to recognise a meaning. "Oh, Sol, dear Sol!" she cried, clinging to him and breaking into tears. "Come along!" cried Solomon, shaking him- self free and seizing her arm again. " Come along!" He hurried her through the pelting rain to the house on wheels. "Now, what's the matter?" "Sol!" cried his wife, waving her hands up and down like a mad woman : "she's run away." Solomon's face was white beneath its bronze already, but at that cruel stab he turned ghastly and his hands dropped to his sides like lead. "Here's a note," cried the distracted mother, now fumbling at her dress, and now waving her hands wildly. "Here's a note she left behind. Oh, Sol! oh, my poor Sol, as loved her dear! Oh, Sol! bear up like a dear good soul! Don't break your heart, don't break your heart !" And saying this she cast her arms about him and swooned, and lost all knowledge of her agony for a little while. Solomon laid her gently down and stood above her like a statue. A step came up the ladder, but he did not hear it. A hand was laid upon his shoulder, and he turned. There stood Jim, wild-eyed, dripping wet and as pale as death. "She knows?" said the man, half recoiling at sight of the prostrate figure. "Yes," said Solomon, "she knows." "I see her go," panted Jim, for he was out of breath with running. "I follered, thinking somethin' was the matter to take her out on such a night as this." A flash of lightning heralded a peal of thunder overhead, and the showman could only see his moving lips, but heard nothing more until the noise had rolled away again. "They got into a cab an' drove away. I could see as they was a-makin' for the King's Dock or else for the South Pier, an' I run like mad, for I lost sight of 'em." Solomon heard this, but returned no word. When it was all spoken he moved slowly away, and, taking up a glass, poured water into it from a brown pitcher, and then sat down beside his wife and moistened her lips and temples. "Ain't you a-goin' to do nothing?" cried Jim. "Ain't you a-goin' to foller her to the world's end? Ain't you a-goin' to catch that feller, if you travel tilt you're gray afore you do it, and twist his wicked neck tor him? That's what I'm a-goin' to do, master." Solomon did not answer, but looked slowly round with a drawn and ashen countenance, like that of a man in mortal pain. "Be a man, master," said Jim, laying a rough hand gently on his shoulder and changing utterly in voice and manner. "Be a man an' take it fighting. For the Lord's sake, master, don't lay down and let it kick you." "Jim," said Solomon, speaking hoarsely, "don't think I take it easy, an' unlike a father," because I don't say nothin'." "God forbid!" said Jim. "But my place," said the showman, as if un conscious of the interruption, "is nowhere else but here. Leastways, not now." He waved his hand, as though to dismiss the other from the place, and went back to his task. "Theer was a morning paper here to-day," said Jim, "wheer is it?" After a moment's search he laid his hand upon it, and running a clumsy finger down column after column came at last upon the shipping list, and then upon "This Day's Departures." "One at nine for Rotterdam, one at half-past nine for Blown ' (meaning Boulogne), one at ten for Queenstown, an' nothin from the pier Theer's time to catch 'em yet." He was gone, through the storm, before Solomon could find a word. The streets were cleared of people by the rain. Lightning and thunder were almost continuous, and the storm raged with a tropic fierceness. The man tore through it breathless and never stopped until the dock was reached. He was so spent on getting there, and his own mad hurry had so foiled his purpose, that he could not speak for a minute or two. When he asked for the boat to Rotter- dam, it was pointed out to him. "There. Cleared the dock this minute." The blinding lightning showed the boat for a fragment of a second and the darkness ate her up again bodily, and vomited her into hideous light again, and once more shrouded her. "The boat for Boulgone then?" "Here, lying close at hand," said the oilclothed dock policeman, and as Jim turned to get aboard the official laid a hand upon the rain-soaked sack which covered his shoulders and detained him. "You're in a hurry to leave your native land, young man," said the policeman. "I'm in a hurry to stop somebody else from leavin' it," panted Jim. "Don't stop me for the Lord's sake. It's like life an' death." "Robbery?" asked the policeman, still keep- ing that detaining hand on Jim's shoulder. "Yes, an' worse," said Jim. "It ain't murder, is it?" "I ain't so sure o' that either," replied Jim Even in all the agitation of his spirit he was loyal to the reputation of Sol Varley and his household, and would not, if he could help it, betray Virginia by a word. "Theer's a cove a-going off by one of these ere boats-I don't know which ; and if I can see him I can stop him. I don't want no givin' in charge- not at present, leastways. He may have gone a'ready. Don't stop me no longer, master, its like life an' death." The policeman released him, and he climbed on board the boat. The lightning was still unroll ing swift sheet on sheet of flame, but the thunder was crushing and rumbling to the northward, and no longer spoke at the flash, but growled sullenly seconds later, and the rain had ceased as suddenly as it came. Jim thought himself alone on deck, when the dock, and the shipping, and the warehouses, and the water, and the very heavens, all seemed to make a sudden leap at him in the vivid lightning, and to rush back with an awful swiftness as darkness struck light dead. The twinkling yellow lamps were nothing in the pause. Light sprang to life, and shipping, and warehouses, and heavens and water all leaped at him again, and again in a fragment of a second darkness struck light a fatal blow, and the twinkling yellow lamps were nothing in tho pause. With the next flash an oilclothed figure sprang into being, and went out again, and came along the deck as if each flash that followed drove it forward with a fiery wind. Then there was darkness for a second or two, and the twinkling lamps re- covered light a little, and Jim saw the oilclothed figure near. "What is it, mate?" "Do you carry passengers?" demanded Jim, still breathing hard, and speaking like a man foredone with haste. "Yes," said the other. "Is there a young man among 'em, a gentle- man with blue eyes an' light moustachois, with a lady, a young lady, very pretty, in a dark frock?" His hurry was so passionate he could hardly speak. "I don't know," said the seaman. "What about 'em, if there is?" "I've come to stop 'em," said Jim. "They must be stopped ; it's life an' death." "Have you got any authority to stop 'em?" asked the seaman. "If you have, an' they're aboard, I'm captain of this boat an' I'll see it acted on." "See if they're here, master," said Jim beseechingly. "It's life an' death to more than one. "Young woman bolted?" asked the captain. "Yes," said Jim, with wild reluctance, as though the answer were plucked out of him. "For the Lord's sake, master, see if they're here. It's life an' death." "I can't say whether they're aboard or not," said the captain, "but there is a pair as seems to answer your description. Passage booked yesterday. They're all the passengers I have to- night-and likely to be, by the look o' things. Come this way." The bows of the boat having been warped already from the wall, Jim had come aboard at the after end, and the deck he stood on formed the roof of the saloon. He followed the captain to the main deck and peered into the saloon from the side of the steward's pantry. "Is that the pair?" asked the Captain, with a tight grip on Jim's shoulder. "That's the pair," said Jim in a hoarse whisper, drawing back on deck again. Verschoyle was leaning over little Virginia, who was crying behind her veil. "Have you any authority to stop 'em?" asked the captain. "No," said Jim "But, master, look here." He waved his hands abroad pleadingly, and his voice was thick with hurry and despair. "I've been a servant of her father's ever since I was a kid. I've left her mother swounded dead off, an' her father a settin' by her that broken-hearted it'd melt a stone." "D'ye think they're married?" asked the Captain, speaking into his brown hand lest he should be overheard. Jim shook his head with a negative so decided that the Captain was convinced at once, and said, "Eh, dear!" in a tone of pity. At that tone Jim took heart. "Master," he said, "maybe you've got a daughter o' your own. Have a heart, master- do, for the Lord's sake, have a heart." "Wait here a bit," returned the Captain. "Here stand there." All the time they talked together the lightning rolled out its sheets of flame with less and less rapidity and brilliance, and the thunder rumbled farther and farther away. And Jim, who had perhaps as much right to associate his own emo- tions with the elemental disturbance as the feeble gentlemen who make verses on that topic personal to themselves, felt in a vague way that with the passing of tho storm and the coming of the stars hope came. He waited in silence with a beating heart. (To be continued.) 