" THE Messrs PRIESTLY, a large manufacturing firm at Bradford, in Yorktihire,' hare-decided to transfer their mills and operatives to Philadelphia, in the United States." Such -is the reading of a cablegram in yesterday's Argus-, and the purport of it may well challenge the attention of all those persons wfio feel «n interest i in the rival systems - of -fiscal taxation, which are so often recommended to notice. What is the import of this cablegram 1 is the very reasonable enquiry that arises at once; and it is one that protectionists and free-traders alike are interested in having truthfully answered. Thb firm in question are large manufacturers of tweeds, and their brands are amongst the most popular in the old land. Hie material they use — wool—can be as readily and cheaply procured in England as in the United States, for the balk of it, if not the whole of it, goes to them from these colonies; and it will be much the same thing when they are located in their new quarters, because they will have to procure the same wool for the superior class of goods they manufacture. The machinery they possess is of the most perfect character; and they have at command every facility for not only supplying all they require to make their goods, but also for despatching those goods, on the cheapest possible terms, to their destination or customers. Moreover, they are within the most facile reach possible of the home trade; whereas in the United . States they will have to cover nearly 4000 miles of sea, before their products can be landed in the old country, to keep up, and supply, their long- established business connections there. With such advantages on the one side, and such disadvantages on the other, it would be strange—if it could not be explained—that this firm should desert their native land, and take up their abode in a new one. There must be some very potent cause at work to produce this result, or- nothing of the sort would be at all likely to happen. The free-trader will, of course, be ready enough to explain the why and wherefore of this great and pregnant shift He will attribute it solely to the growing population of i c l s i t c r L c the United States, opening up fertile field for the firm, and promising them more advantageous results for their capital and labor. And there will be force in this reasoning. The field, where 50,000,000 of prosperous and progressive people have concentrated, opens up a brighter hope of increased production, than could be cherished where the population only 36,000,000. All this may be accepted—with this qualification, however, that it would be just as easy,, and quite as profitable, to send goods from England to the United States, as from the United States to England; indeed more so, because by remaining in England, the cost of re-erecting buildings and plant, and sending them across the sea, would be avoided. Grasp this qualification, then, and it will have to be allowed that there is not finality in how the free-trader will explain this change of locale on the part of the firm named, although it is by no means deficient in reason. But the protectionist will give a still further solution of what the firm has resolved upon doing; and the protectionist will be correct in adding this view to the transfer. The protectionist will attribute this act to the reckless fiscal policy which "England has been pursuing of late years, and which has brought a number of mills there almost to the brink of rrnn. By the aid of protection—by scorning the doctrine of leaving everything to chance, which the ADAM SMITH school love so dearly, and by fostering and encouraging the opposite thesis—parts of the Continent of Europe, as well as America, have succeeded in annexing a large portion of the trade of the old, country, to the detriment of English houses. German and American tweeds, like Belgian hardware, now cover the old land; and the English manufacturers cannot—for reasons which it would not be easy to explain within oar limited space—check this'influx. It goes on increasing year by year, just the same as the home producer finds die demand ' for his product fall oti, and his mill standing a part of - the year idle... The lower wages on the Continent, sad the great activity in America, are inore than the English producers can contend against, because the result of all this is to make the imported cheaper than the home article be mule for. ThiB ooold be easily cured. A moderate system of ftntertion imposed Ijv^ the mother lhahu? facttirera jfrojii aifa jSigh "' r turn; ButJttey *aiihot>g^4lii« protectant «t present The angfi&eom; muaibr -has l^ea mo 4eavsned \ty the noapawnwl ^ootrinsg ft On doaot philosophers, who, as a rule, know as much about the practical affairs of life as a gridiron does of vocalisation,' that the Imperial Government and Legislature dug as obstinately to the now . very nearly played out theory of free trade, as the meanest cannibal ever hugged his fetish. Signs, and very strong ones too, there are of relenting; but these signs are only-exhibited by the more sensible class of the English people. The rest, or bulk, still hold firmly to the free-trade doctrine, in spite of all the evidence which surrounds them that it is a miserable sham, and must soon prove to be an utter failure. They hold to it in spite of France throwing it up; in spite of Germany using protection with increased force; in spite of the want amongst the working-classes of the old conntiy; and inspite of mills being so frequently closed as to show, in the most practical light, the absurdity which underlies the system. Seeing all this, thai, at work in the old country, it is easy to account for the determination which the Messrs PBIESTLY have come to in their business affairs. They have determined to shift to the United States, where a large and growing demand exists for their class of goods, where their enterprise and manufactures will be protected, and where they will escape from the loss which .England, through a mistaken adhesion to a mere temporary sentiment, is so largely and disastrously experiencing. And the example set by the Messrs PRIESTLY, and the other firms which have already preceded: them in the same coarse, will inevitably be followed by other English manufacturers, if England does not speedily awaken from the delusion which she has too long cherished, and which has . brought a number of her once most active mills to the brink of rain. The explanation of the change of locale from Eiigland to the Ui»ted States, on the part of the Bradford firm is, therefore, not far to seek; and in the superiority of the protective system over that of. free-trade, n encouraging production, and bringing ompetition within reasonable bounds, ies at -once and emphatically the; ON Monday last the Cabinet did a very piece of business, and one that is calculated to produce a onsiderable amount of mischief. It the regulation made by Mr the effect of which was to selectors to obtain the .sanction of the Minister of Lands before they could mortgage their holdings. The working of this regulation has been of the ; best, for it has not only saved & large number of lessees from being preyed upon ty money-lenders, and won for them better terms than they would otherwise have secured, but it harf also done as much, perhaps, as anything else to put down land swindles. While this regulation prevailed, and an honest Minister administered it, there could be no mortgage effected, to reap the fruits of dummyism, or to enable the neighboring monopolist to crush the poor selector, when it suited his purpose, by buying up the mortgage on the selector's land, and then pushing him for payment. The Minister took every care the negotiation was a bona-fide one, and that the terms were such as the selector could " pull through" with, before he would consent to the mortgage. At the same time, the applications for permission to mortgage were promptly granted, whenever the objects and conditions were reasonable and honest None but the dishonest suffered by this rule; and to check the dishonest is always a wise provision, and one that any Ministry ought to be proud of, and. one that any community ought to be right heartily glad to see kept in operation. Certainly this was the effect of the late regulation; and it. was so generally recognised and understood to be beneficial; to the State and selectors alike, that the late Ministry always refused to rescind it Tet this regulation has now been swept away by the present Ministry, and one jounial has the impudence to say that the act has been done " in the interests of the selectors." In the interests of fraud and monopoly, the paper should have said, for this alone can be the result of a step, which will do' more to prove how hand and glove the present Ministry is with the' Conservative class, and land monopolists, than anything else that could be done by Sir BRTAN O'LOGHLEN and his colleagues. By the removal of this regulation, the State will lose all check upon dummyism, upon pressure upon the selectors, upon land greed, and upon everything else of the same objectionable kind that is associated with, our land policy, for all these wrongs can now be revived without the Minister of Lands being able to check the evils. A most improper act has, therefore, been done in this case; and nothing but a desire to befriend the Conservative class can explain it. For all the old games with the land can now be revived, since there is nothing left now to the State to know what is going on, or to prevent these objectionable and ruinous rackets. WHEN Parliament meets one of the first questions which should be asked, and answered, is, how many special trains, to suit the objects of Ministers, have been run, since Sir BETAS O'LOGHLEN and his colleagues took office. The necessity of this question being put and answered would appear to be really great, if all we hear be true, for we are told, on pretty good authority,' that there never was such an era for Ministerial special trains, as now exists, since the first railway was opened amongst us. The Minintjir of Railways is the chief patron of these Ministerial flights ; and the country has to bear all this expense to suit the whims of the GRAND MAGNIFICO, who takes as kindly to bong banquetted, and made a fuss with at the public cost, as a duckling takes to water, or the individual, who never knew what it was to have a shilling in his pocket, plunges into equestrian performances, v/hen a lucky fluke has considerably swelled his finances. To object to a Minister iiavznga special train to meet any really special purpose^- woull be about the last thing we would think of. Any snch complaint is too frivolous, or andUpnted,toatj]l hamonisft with our notions. Bat when the "agony?; is piled on; asithiu been done of late, a£&>rdiii£ to 'all account^' it is: high time to jps&jcfot;, anBe this rape ki» tlmn .nd^lltt^ to. Additional worirfr^; teemly. vEvery special tnincoata- extra money forioel, extra money in wages, and extra money for weaf^Mdl tear;, and if special trains are continually running to and fro, to enable Ministers to humbug the country districts, or to make promises, only one in fifty of which stands the ghost of a chance of being redeemed, it is quite evident that a serious addition will be made during the year to the working expenses of the lines by this •furore. Yet this is the sort of thing that is said to be going on; and, we repeat, that when Parliament meets, the extent to which this kind of gallivanting on the railways has been earned on, should be brought out in full, if only to put an end to so costly a practice. When the Ministry first took' office there was a great fuss made about the members paying for a special train they used. But we hear nothing of this remarkable self-denial now. So that it is quite certain this freak had but a short reign; «nd no doubt Ministers wonder, when they think, of it now, how-they could have been so gushing and careless of their pockets. Independently, however, of £his view of the case, Ministerial glorification along the lines at the expense of the people, is.beyond a joke,'when carried to excess; and Parliament will do well to embrace the earliest opportunity to impress this lesson upon the presentMinisterialunderstanding. And if all we hear be true, ah impresaon of this kind isreallynecessaryy not only to put down a bad example, but also to protect the country's finances. It is sometiu'ngnow-*-days terial journal." We'are informed that last night and the night before the train for Bal- Iarat was detained at Melbourne ten minutes for the Melbourne parcel of a contemporary, which parcel, bj; the way, is said not to have tamed up last night at alL Such consideration for Ministerial journalism is really,quite We are'informed that the Bev. R. T. Cummins will retain to BaQarit, and reenter spot bis -duties at SL Paul's, at the expiration of his leave of absence—1st January nest. Meanwhile he has accepted an offer of temporary duty as loam tenem at the church in Waverley, -a suburb of Sydney, for three months fnttn 25th instant; Mr Cjummins has, therefore, resigned the curacy of St. Jdbn'a, Melbourne,- and proceeds to Sydney in a few dayB. A-requisition signed by several ratepayers of Ballarat East was yesterday .presented to the mayor to bouvenem public meeting, "with the view of discussing the vexed question of the site chosen for t£e new poet office; but the mayor took the somewhat unusual course of declining to comply with the -wishes of the requisitraiuBta. Bmng thus refused the use of the town hall, the ratepayers are prevented from holding the intended meeting for want understand, however, that a licely discission on the matter of choosing the site is probable at tiie next meeting of the council.; . The will of 'the late Robert M "Niece, who died in Ireland, possessed of much valuable' property in this city, is; again under consideration locally. It appears that -Mr M "Niece made two wills, one leaving £500; for the local charitable institutions, and one, made later,. giving £5000 to them.. This' latter niU be subsequently destroyed,' but one of the executors mentioned in it writes to Mr M'Niece'e agent Hera to the effect that he believes that in consequence of the manner of its destruction it can be proved to be valid, and the writer suggests that the legatees nominated in it may obtain the legacies if they take the matter into court. This gentleman doea not state, 'however, his reason for believing that the second will can be proved, The point has been raised that the making of the second will at all annuls the first Perhaps the destruction of the second,, if legal, may leave the deceased intestate. No action in the matter has yet been Tesolved upon by the legatees -here, but doubtless more will yet be heard of it>- A meeting of the demonstration committee of tiie Ballarat Reform League is called for thie evening, at eight o'clock, at Fussell's hotel, to receive reports, &c.;, and make final arrangements for the public tea meeting on Monday evening next. It is not often that policemen get caught in their own trap, but snch was the' case yesterday morning with Constable Dowd at the Town 1 lock-up. It-appeared that Dowd was engaged at some work in one of the cells, when the door closed upon him. However, he soon made the lock-up keeper aware of his incarceration, and after a short interval, during which time people in the neighborhood of the watch-house were made aware by yells that something more than ordinary had occurred, he* was released. Both lock-up keepers sympathised with-Sowd a great deal,- for they had been themselves in the same little fix some time ago. The only casualty treated at the Hospital ; resterday was in the case of a cabman named . iyan, who had injured one of his knees through slipping off n kerbstone. . Ryan called at the Hospital shortly after two o'clock in the morning, and the resident surgeon, on examining his knee, and finding no external marks of injury, recommended him to go home and apply hot fomentations to his knee A meeting of the Boninyong Reform League will be held at the Uuninyong hotel next Saturday evening, pt eight o'clock. All members are requested to attend, as the business will be important. In the case of John Polglase, who charged with misappropriating the funds of a co-operative party of miners working at Little Bendigo, the Crown has decided to take no further action. The trial was fixed to be holden at the assizes to be held here in October neit, but, as above stated, it will not now take place. The Town . Hall gardens, Barkly street, have lately been visited by a number of children, who have been in the habit of carrying ofij when unnoticed, bunches of flowere,-&c.;, and -damaging numerous plants Mr Laidlaw, the . curator, yesterday, caught two girls laden with spoU, «nd making their way off with it lor distribution among their friends. It is now high time that robberies of this description were put a stop to, as of late they have been-of too frequent occurrence in nearly -all parts of Ballarat. It was reported, late on Wednesday night, that a man nad been that day gored to death by an infuriated bullook, at the corporation cittle-yarda. The facts are that a jolly in dividual&11 from Iht, railing* infco m. .pea « which two toothless old cows were confined. After lying there a minute or two, while the animals chewed their cud complacently ova: him, the reported victim got up and went his way, without a hurt or scratch.. Thus rumor txavds. An application was yesterday made at the Town court by William Simpson, a sergeant of police, for a warrant to eject Mr Hu^h M*Kenzie, bouse and land agent, from a house owned by the applicant. The bench made an order for • warrant to issue at the expiration of six Says. At the Town court yfesterday morning, the license of the Burke and Wills hotel, Bowe street, was transferred from Robert Henderson to Thomas Laing. Some interesting details of the terrible disaster which occurred about six weeks as off the coast of the Shetland.,Isles will I found in the letter cf the Bev. Mr Ii^*, which appears in another colnmn. The worst fears aeem to have been more than realised. A public temperance meeting was held in the Iliscocks Weal cyan Chnrch on Tuesdaj evenrng last, presided over by Mr H. M Greaves, of Buninyong. The chairman delivered an able nddma on the' "Seven Vtllan Pillars of Temperance." TunnoMM." ReoitationHi singing, and addresses followed by Means Attwood, w alls™, Berne,' and EUdridge, and they wen all rwdered very satisfactorily. Totes of thanks to the chairman, and all who bad assisted; ~«nd-the trigning of the' pledge by ..-three- persona, brought a: tsay plsaaaateveningtoa close... _ ; «Q k^ffi^^ted^upom We "Pailtnuu*er- r General lrith sefenqce to the continnanmcf jthenttomingliaBtD Lcarmontt^ the Minister 'prMim^aftxi^&^ett'iper "jithmnrfoc.th« conteyauoe .nt-lefctara and rraars «ft&K;& wDh?iancaihg^ (Ocfcb and Co.) was-thereupon eoammnioated with. batenddstaiaathaittsUrm bavade- baHe, however, ^actMSariU betaken at the next msetawnflheBdliatahiieCbdiuA whrfib^iTMS^raentSKl h.sSdetil the conveyance of the mailaa desirfd. ' A nther hard take was betrd at i3>eT<^n Court yesterday, when a respectable wuwi, named Aim Barnilfc brought forwaid* little boy named Wi|luni Pope,aged.iwo a half years, on acharge of being aiagglectei child. Mrs Bamett stated that the little fellow had been left with her in March last by his father, who agreed -that he mnid contribute 7a fid per week to berff jBbewrnBd keep him, to which she Consented. ? However, the father deared out and left his sow in Mrs Banmttfe tare,2nd she has not re' ceived a penny from -him, nor ha» Aeaiaee heard from him. Mrs Bamett farther in-, formed the bench that she was quite witling to Jceep the child in preference to having him sent to the Industrial schools, and, in fact, wished to do so if she could only get support, but without this she thought she would be unable, as she had four of her own children to attend to, the eldest of whom, a boy fifteen years of age, was her almost bole support, her huabana having left her jfive rears ago. The bench postponed the case 'or a fortnight, -eo that in the meantime , the police might obtain an allowance from.the Industrial schools for Mr? Bamett, -wherewith she might keep the child. : The Ballarat licensed victuallers havMubscribcd for and purchased a very eleganHnd costly tea m and salver for presentation as a prize at the Champion Sheep Show, to be held on Thursday and Friday next. The articles named were purchased at Mr King's establishment. Bridge street, and are of : tne very best quality, aud bear favorable comparison with other unique £ooda that are now on view in the ehop -wimJow of Mr Smith's, seed warehouse, Armstrong street. , The committee of the female Refuge wish to thank the committee of the ex-mayor's return ball ior the handsome gifto! £5 towards the funds of the institution. Four boys named Henry, William, and Frederick ' Dowibie, and! Krfederick Kean, were brought before.the Town bench yesterday on a charge of having trespassed on the railway. It appeared that the defendants trespassed on the line -near the Beel street bridge on the 21st ultimo. The bench in-' flieted a-fine of is, -with 2s 6d costs, and in doing so remarked that if ^brought up agun for a similar offenoe, -a heavier punishment would be meted out. . -. •-.• • The monthly meeting of the committee igl the Smythesdue-Mechanics' Institute was held on Wednesday evening last, Mr .A. Veitch presiding. The action of the subcommittee in letfing-the piaop of the Sktitute waa confirmed; an account for firewood was passed for payment, and it was decided to ilxaoontinae die Home Ntrtct and take fche Scientific American, after which the — — closed. On Monday evening a farewell tea meeting was given to the Bev. J, B. Steel, in the Bchoolhoose, Windermere. The rev. gentleman is leaving the Burrumbeet, Windermere, , and Haddon churches, to take charge of this; church at Narracoorte. The Bchool had bfcen ; jrettHy decorated with ,.eveiw*eM,ind lowers for the'occasion. Mrs SwasI 'Mrs Mitchell, Mrs M'Rae, -and Mrs Surman supplied tables, and these ladies further provided magnificent bonqnetai of violets,' camellias, and spring flowera. At fine end of the school^ wrought in leaves, jrere" the -words, " We wish you Godspeed;" at the other end, "FarewelL" The whole had * very beautiful appearance. Tbe numerous guuta seemed fully .to enjoy the eighty'. and equally the good things provided,, for the general exoelWce of which the Windermere meetings have long been noted. - After tea an adjournment was made to the pretty.chrtrch, built during Mr. Steel's pastorate. :Here,_ after some church business, Mr , RogerBOn waa called to the chur.' Mr J B.,-Swan led the choir, and Miss Barclay presided at the harmonium.'- The" chinch was crowded to excess. The large number who attended to bid Mr Steel&rewell; afforded ample proof of the deep-nspect andnsteem in which he is held throughout the district. Several-of bis old college companions, who werejpresent, spoke in high termB of his scholarship and college career. A beautifully-illuminated address was presented to Mr SteeL'_ t The Revs. B. Hamilton and F. Souter were present, while apologies for unavoidable absence from Revs. J. W. Inglis, Whan, and Fiiilay were read. At a late hour, ths largest and. moet interesting meeting mnoe- the opening of the church broke up. ... . . . The Sebastopol Council entered on active warfare last night against the wandering cattle nuisance. Constable QuQter was appointed salaried officer of the oouncil to cany out. the provisions of the Health Act and Local Government Act relating to vagrant quadrupeds, so that garden owners may seek their repose in future untroubled by the fact that the front gate nay be open or a few dozen paUngs mlas^ 'The nainesibf two constables were.mentioned in committee for the office, but the choice was determined by the Btatement-of' .one councillor, backed up by that of the mayor, to the effect that one of the constables' had waited' on the owner of a wandering cow : tb summon him, advising him . at. the same tame to engage counsd, which would result in the dinminnal of the case, and_promising to pay portion-of the lawyer's'fee. The annual tea meeting in connection with the Presbyterian Church was heldatSprings, on Wednesday evening, and proved t, great success, lbs weather was delightfully fine, a circumstance usually favoring the Springs people on all euch occasions, «nd the attendance embraced persons from all the local denominations, thus making up a thorough social gathering. An excellent tea was provided in the local .State sahool, presided over by the following ladies iof the congregation:—Mesdaknes Beattie, £dmonston, Jameson, Kerr, M "Queen and Trewin, and the Misses Jackson and Greenwood. After tea an adjournment was made .to the church, and although the -buHding' is .ample " for ordinary occasions, it was found not to be so on this one, as every available piece of sitting and standing room was occupied. The Bev. IL TTamflton^miniater.pf the-OOngrtgation, presided. After the -meeting had been opened with devotional exercises, m chairman, in a few well- chosen remarks, introduced the Bev. J. W. Inglis, -who delivered his very popular lecture on "An Evening Among Books." The rev. gentleman, it is needless to say, furnished both instruction and amusement, and concluded with an eloquent peroration, enjoining' Ins uSisnce, . ana especially the young, to cherish feelings of true patriotism, in order that this young country mightbe made a blessing to generations yet unborn. The,: choir, under the leadership of Mr M'Grath,,with Mr David Coutts at the harmonium, discoursed some excellent and appropriate music at intervals during the evening.' The -custotnazy votes of thanks brought the meeting to a close. At the meeting of the' SebaBtopol Council last night, a letter was read from M^C. M. Holmes, manager cf the 'Sehastapol i/f tin, Tyniiii ur Vi^ioiitt, rooigaiiig thd -office of treasurerof the conncil, in view of his prospective transfer to another district Mr Holmes' resignation was received with regret, anda 'vote services. Another letter was read fromthe directory of the bank, stating its intention of adhering to its original resolution of dosing the branch hank. It was accordingly resolved to transfer the accounts of the council to the Ballarat branch. The Alfred Hall was crowded to its utmost capacity . last. night, when the Bev.. Mr M*Ne3 gave another of his evangelistic addresses. His subject was "The constraining power of the love of Christ."' Ge dwelt upon the various phases of that, love, and applied their lessons in his own apt and earnest style.- His last Bible reading will be held to-morrow afternoon at three o'clock; and the evangelistic service, to be held in the evening, will be Mr M*Ne3's last opportunity of addressing a Ballarat audienobfor some considerable time, as be leaves on Saturday for Saylesford, where he purposes working JFor a week, immediately, on the close of which he elxu-ta overland for South Australia, where it is his intention to visit the various wooi-chedi in the far nnrth and bold services during the shearing season. Ibesaleof gifts at the Maearthur Stewt Wedeyan Church, in aid <^ tiw sdiodl'fund, was continued last nighty the proceeds for the evening amounting to Awards of £22. Cie'attendanoe. was veiy good. : As^l selected pn^ramme of songs, recitations,^c., •w tendered, Hiss-Cutter praHdingat the -no, the perlotmeia bring MrsCoates, Mrs Smith, and jdr Saartiasoagh. U name was ^^rt^jjmttfl'^ts Hie list-we pnolished yealeiday of tlifjsrtiss prnifafl fr, flh^fi^ijjTi , gfea ighich may be left gi iwiif it parvdforthBOOOSSiflii, , of local interest are Police Oa&tU-.; StoWfrom tiie dwelling of William Hfldebcand, Eureka street, B»lil«r»t East, on the 31st Attgnst, an old dark- bn>wn vroha and bow. Henry Obamasand Emma Waifeden are (ftaiged, on warrant from thff BaUant East bench, with -vagrancy. Information is requested of William Mayne, fifteen years of age, who left his home at Howie street, Ballarat North, about six weeks ago, and has not been heard of since: The Gtehmg Advertiser understands*thatt on Wednesday circulars^ issued bv th* 1 Cabinet-makers' Association of Melbourne and suborbs, whose Tradss fcall is situated in Victoria street, CSaitoa^wnw-ieeeived at various lactones end other |ii»Lur of. industry in Grelong, urging the working classes to rasi»tuUu^i)UBly theimaMyatiopof Cfoinfwe and endosiag a petition for signature calling upon the Government to stssts prepare a- measure for submission to the Legislature,' imposhijr eertain penalties spea Mowolians ixnmng toe, with the object of protecting white ahor. These petitions, we belibve, have been seat to the sevenl csuUee of popolatioo throughout the colony. The news has been received at Noumea (ws the Herald) of the visit of H.M-S. Miranda to an island where soese of tte crew of the J(Uy Queen were raauerrrrt, and aevere ponishment meted out to the natives. Fifteen men, one woman, one. child, and hundreds of pigs were shot, and three villages destroyed, besdes anemberof trees cut down. 3be body of a newly-bom male infant (says the J?emW) baa been found la a paddock on the Glenmore road, near Sydney. Some of the flesh had been eaten, apparently, by dogs. _ . Considerable improvements (says the Geelong Adrertimn) are bong effected to the pearance of t^ie'boto^i of Queenscliffl ;Mr Admaiu' old weatiierbaard hotel has been pulled down, and its place is bong filled by a large "two- storied brick bnildmg. designed byMessra Watts Jackson,-architects, of: Ryrie street, Geelbog. When finished, the hotel will have a frontage of. 168 feet to the main streetof theboraugh, by a depth of ISO fort. This structure will be eo arranged as to provide ninety-six rooms for the accocnmoof the many visitors to the 'Clijf. . The oootract price paid for the atone foundation was £2000^ and the brickwork, ftc.. will oast (it adSitiooal £8000. A private hooae iniporing dimmisinns is being bnilt on an devatediaite for Mr Latham, the well-known Melbourne brewer; at a cost of £5000. A gentleman (says the Btut C&ar;&im; ^Tri bune) who hss Just lately visited the Mount Wycheprof district, states .that the formers there are generally in very "good spirits over tteagpearaocecf their .crops «nd ptuspeuto" ''Buing the past" four months (sa^ the. Gtdtmg AdvcrtuerU the- council «f Ibe shire of Bellarine hare bought 8940 skius o! r*Sbits killed in the ahire. Tn^ipers have'been at work as well, and the -rabbits caught sent to inaikat,:so that the daughter of the pests has been conducted on an«xtenqve scale.' It is computed 1hat daring the period .named, 20,000 rabiHts have Buceumbed to hdman ingenuity in the shiie meotioned. . The acting superintendent of locomotives cn the HobBon's Bay lines; yesterday gave evidence (says the Herald) that , was most damaging to the department in connection with the recent railway accident. Hefrsnkly ntated that the tire which broke und evised the acddent was in such a worn condition, that had the carriage been sent into the shop he would never have let it oat again without new tires. • - ."" , The excitement caused by the railway accident (says the Melbourne correspondent of "the Hamilton Spectator) has somewhat subsided, bat the feeling of insecurity which has gat hold of the travelling public^, hot likely to'tie soon, removed. It is generally understood-that the Governmeat will rni^e the oily reparation they can to the injured and the relatives of the killed, by admitting reason able daims for damages. _ s On Monday nigfat{says the CMaig Adver- was approaching thie latter place, some'per- : sons threw two luge stones at the_ train. Both missiles »m»»ln»il through the windows of tils guard's van, and fell on the floor of the ran. Ibe gmird had a narrow escape from being struck by the stones which were thrown with great violence at the running train.. The following case of precocity is-recorded by the KynOm Ouardim:—"On Wednesday last Constable Morris, of Malmsbory, -found two little boys making their way through that township with .swags on their backs. Concluding that anxious enquiries would be made shout them somewhere, he arrested them on a change of being neglected children. They gave the-names of Oscar Marchant and Michael Men tin, and their ages as fourteen and eleven. They stated that they had left Echuca," and were going to Heathcote; but on questioning them, the -constable found that they knew nothing about Echuca. Shortly afterwards he ascertained that the mother of one of the boys, who lived at Sandhurst, bad issued a warrant for his arrest, and he brought them before DrD J.P., who remanded them to Sandhurst, Mr Mirams {says the Argun), it is understood, will be chairman of the Tariff Com- mission. The mayor of Melbourne, Mr G. Meares, is a member of the commission. A terfible accident (says the Argue) hap' !ned at Coy's diggings ou Monday evening. An engine-driver named Richmond, working at the Black Cloud mine, while engaged in oiling the machinery, became entangled in the cog-wheels, and was so dreadfully mutilated tiiat he died before medical assistance could be procured. Mansignor Steins, S.J., the Roman Catbolic Bishop of Auckland, died (says the Argui) at . St. Hilda house, Wooloomooloo, on Wednesday morning, fie bad been suffering from a severe illness for several months, ana his death was" not altogether unexpected. He was seventy years of age. On Wednesday morning a youth named George Bannerman, aged eighteen years,: whilst outon the Perricootajunatakangaroo battue, was accidentally shot. He was brought into Moama, and forwarded to the Sandhurst Hospital, where on admission (says the Telegraph) it was found that the shot had entered over the left eyebrow. It is not vet known whether the accident will entail the lass of eyesight. There is a singular" coincidence in connection with the case. Almost at the selfsame.mot, a young man named littlewood waa wot whilst kangaromng some short time back. ^ A remarkably sad case of juvenile depravity (says the Telegraph) came under the notice of plain-dothea Senior-constable O' Meant, and several other constables, on Wednesdsy evening. In the course of their duty they entered a tenement in the Chinese quarter, occupied by a Chinese named Ah Tide, and and round one young female they were is search .of withoul audi difficult. Suapccting that there were more inmates in the tenement than it appeared to contain, they instituted a farther search, and discovered several siris, named Elizabeth Bell, Elisabeth and Annie Gorley, and Annie Williams, concealed. The whole of them were lodged in the city watchhonse on charges of va- grancy. Some time ago. the mother of the sisters Gorley had a warrant issued for their arrest. When Ah Tick saw the turn af&irs; hsd taken, he decamped, leaving his abode to the care of the police. Goats must surely be scarce in .Tasmania, for a man going from one of our mining centra to work there received a .letter instructing him to bring over with him "two milch goats, one a bQly Mr B. Murray Smith, M.L.A., win deliver lecture in the Congregational Church, Dawson street, this evening, taking for his subject "William Cobbett." Mr Henry M.KA.. wBlpreside, andtbe.ptoceeds will be in aid of the new building fond. We are requested to direct the attention of parties furnishing, and others, to the sale by Mr F. M. Oaxton, auctioneer, at the lecture room, Mechanics' Institute, today, at twelve o'clock. ' Hie furnitorecompriaes twopianoe, drawing arid dining-room suites, sideboards, mirrors, wardrobe, carpets, tables, sewing madiines, engravings, and »large assortment of cutlery, : &c.; i ^Tbe .adjourned meeting of teachers, ftc., «f the Christ Church Sunday school will ho heU in ths schodboom this evening, at half-pert m i ^'^jLi, printed prograinmS; Mr and^ IIIXTren, Who —-are giving tfapp sen^ea,^their populsIM _ JJ .« duet will mug some of also be sunjpi Ifiutin and! Miss Trethewy. Mrt |w31 ii(KiduiBt jmd deliver. the connective^ Kdingv'.^aud ACss Turner will preside at _ t -JfiandS^fe^ jj;;\ An entertaonmBit, in w" at Mrs Hops of Haddon TemjW Lo^e, wffl be givra at Ike local hall this evemdggfrben in addition to songs sod recitationS'by the juvenile IIIMSJIIIH. Mis WoolmnV Misses Ewnrt, fender/ snd ISitcheU. and Mr Hendy will assist. Br Bindm, G.W.C., wifl preside.- - j Acooeert audbeB.will take place in Hie Sebastopol Town- HsS this evening. The mayor of the borough" sffl ^preside, ^ and a varied sad enjoyafch euterlatumeut is pro- , 1h e aanatdgeneral jaeLtiiwrof the Bdlarat Yacht Qnb wSl be beUatCws lake View hotel next Tuesday evening, at eight o'clock, io receive the annual report and balancesheet, aiid to elect offJce-DeareT* and committer for the season 1881-2; A tear and poblir meeting- wilT be held in the Fres-Metho^st. Church, ^Tcodom, this evening, in aid! of the circuit hud*Addresses will' be delivered by the Sera. - E Turner, A-M. Taylor, and other cwtleaeii, and Mr D. M; Davie», M^L. A, will preside. There will also be vbcaf and instaranestal music. 