Glengallan Divisional Board. A OESEUAL meeting of the members of tbo above Board was held (n ,the office, Al bert-street, oil Saturdnv lost, 30th ult "There were present - Councillors Affleck (Clmirman), Robertson, Hig^ine, Uartip.in, Campbell, Bloom Hold, and Wilson. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, after which the Clerk rend the following CORRESPONDENCE. (1) To Mr. M. O'Di'a, regarding certain repairs in the neighbourhood of Oulicy Creek, nnd stating that the petition in reference thereto must be presented by a member of (!"? Board. (2) From (he frauds Department, enclosing copy of decision with regard to application for the survey of roads within Divisions. (3) Froui the Linda Department, regarding the wafer reserve on Swan C'reelt. (4| From the Iuglewood Board, asking the 'Jlengallnn Board to join them in repairing the crossings near Deuchar's Creek at the 13-mile, nnd the bridges over Sandy Creek. It was decidcd to refer the letter from the Inglewood Board to the Inspector for report. (5) From Mr. J. Homing, applying for tempornry employment as Clerk of WorkB during the illness of Mr. Woods. MB. O'SDLLIVAN'B CLAIM. A report from tbo Chairman on tbis subject was read by the Clerk. It nppeared that, with the authority of tbo Board, the Chairman had visited Brisbane with the object of taking the opinion of counsel on Mr. O'Sullivan's claim. A case had been prepared and sub mitted to counsel by Mr. C. S. Mein, eolici-' tor, and a copy of this and Mr. Griffith's opinion was nlso read. After giving an expression of opinion on the cose, Mr (Griffith advised thnt ,a settlement of the cUiro he made with Mr. 0'6ullirun. . Acting in accord ance with this opinion, and with the authority contained in the motion passed at the last special meeting of the Boaid, the Chairman stated that on bis rotnrn from Brisbane be had offered the sum of £35 to Sir. O'Sulfivan in full satisfaction of his claim, whiqh offer had been accepted. The cheque bad boen paid, and it now rested with the Board to confirm or express disapproval of his action. Councillor BLOOHFIKLD proposed, and Coanoillot CAMPBELL seconded, that - the report presented by the Chairman be ap proved. The motion was carried unanimously. FINANCE "CMHfjTTEE. The report of the Finance Committee, recommending the payment of the following accounts, was read by the Clerk £ B. d. M. O'Suliivan, Jaw expenses 35 0 0 . C. 8. Mein, law expenses ... 6 8 6 A. Morgan, advertising ..... 8 2 0 Cowton & Irwin, advertising 3 7 6 Mrs. Millar, stationed ' ... 3 10 G F. Thornton, balance on con tract ... 20 0 0 I Henrjr and Bosetti, advance... .700 R. Thornton, advance ... 20 0 0 N. Thornton, advance ... 2Q 0 0 J. M'Mamara, advance ... 0 8 0 j P. M'Qahan, advance 10 0 0 6\. Johnstone, advance ... 27 0 0 E. Devlin, advance 6 0 0 Inspector, salaty 13 6 8 Clerk, salary ... ... ... 12 10 0 Thos. M'Cabe, advance ... 26 0 O E. Fitageruld, advance ... 25 0 0 J. Affleck, travelling expenses 6 8 0 B. Cfoggias, fencing ... ... 7 0 0 The report, as read, was adopted, on the motion of Councillor HABTIQAN, seconded by Councillor BLOOHFIKLD. The CLEBK reported that the balance in the bank to the credit of tho Board was £1180 4s 3d. ISSPXJTOB OF WOBKS. The CHAIBUAN said the members were aware their Inspector was laid up, and would not be about, for some time to como. It was impossible for him (the Chairman) to carry on the different works properly, and he thought it would be advipable for bim to em ploy ah acting inspector. He was informed that tbo tnnn Homing, who bad applied for temporary employment was a competent man. Councillor HABTIOAN objected to any tem porary appointment befog made, without applications basing first bean-called for in the usual manner. The members should either do the Vrbt'k tbenwlves, or call for a' new officer. They could not be waiting on the present inspector from month to month. Councillor : HNWINS concurred in the re marks of the previous speaker. . ' Councillor BOBZRTSAN said they might employ Horning for a month temporarily, to see if the-inspector would be in R''condition then to resume bis duties. Councillor HAfenoANftitfd there was no likelihood of the inspector being about for months fo come. The CHAIRMAN explained that the case was an exoeptional one, and the necessity urgent Plans of necessary works were (raiting to "be j drawn up, and thtt current contracts conld not j be completed until they had some official to pass tbein. Councillor HARtioAtt objected to the prin cipleof appointing any man in this manner, and without«ny knowledge of his qualifica tions for the bfflce. After a lengthy discussion of a conversa tional nature, in which most'of the members took part, it WAS decided to employ Horning, for one month, applications for the office 6f acting inspector to be callod in theinWitttlme. . SANDY CBESB BOAD. Councillor BIGGINS presented a complaint from Mr. V. Karle, Sandy Creak, relative to I one of the drains constructed by the Board' diverting storm water on to his property. He'(Councillor HlgginB) B'ald that the peti tioner had ground* of. complaint, which could be removed at a comparatively small cost. The drain would deluge Karle's and the adjoining paddocks with sand, unless a short drain was constructed to carry it into the creek. Councillor BOBMTSON bore out the remarks of the previous speaker. It was decided to call for tenders for the construction of a short drain to remove the cause of Mr. Karle's complaint. HBE1INQ DAT. Councillor HAimaAN, pursuant to notice, moved that in future the meetings of this Board bn held on the first Saturday of each month, commencing from September, the motion required no recommendation from him. Councillor Ji0n::icTK0N* seconded the motion, which waB carried. ALTERATION OF BTK-LAWS. Councillor HABTIOAN said he had intended to move tho alteration of the bye- laws re quiring the cxpenditura in each sub-division of the revenue raised in that subdivision. He would propose to allow revenues to be ex pended in any part of the division on n vote of two-thirds of the entire B.oard. After some discussion, in which several members expressed themselves ns opposed to the suggested alteration, it was decided that application be made for a readjustment of the boundaries of sub-divisions. MAP or Tim DIVISION. The question of calling for tenders for a map of the division was also mooted, but it wns decided to nllow the suggestion to stand over, pending the Minister's reply regarding tho alteration of bounrtan'es. It was decided in future to give the local papers notice of tho date of meetings of the Board. After the transaction of some business of a formal nature the meeting adjourned. PBOFSSSOR PEPPKE.-This gentleman has somo idea for bringing his " ghost" to War wick. . 