METROPOLITAN GOSSIP, By H. J. H. M, The scandal loving portion of our com munity have recently had two very inter esting cases to gloat over — a breach of promise of marriage, and a disputed will involving a large sum of money. My lady friends persist on appealing to me for my opinion, but as I happen to hold views not altogether in accordance with the majority, I invariably declare that as I &m; not seized of all the particulars concerning one case and the other being sub Judice, judgement so far as I am concerned must be reserved. The Lamont will case is far too good a thing for the lawyers to let slip through their fingers in a hurry, and as tbe testator appears to hare left hie money to strangers, because he had so little love for his relations, one can hardly blame the gentleman of tbe long robe for thinking that one stranger is as good as another. With regard to tbe breach of promise, one may hazard an pinion, since the jury have given theirs and have backed it up with the respectable sum of £200. I refer to the case of Brooks v Smith, where a lady had to sue in her maiden name after being twice married. As particulars of this celebrated case have in all probabitity appeared in this journal, I shall not repeat them here. What makes this case such a general subject of conversation is the fa:t that one can never be quite sure whether one is married or single. Mr Contte, no doubt, firmly believed himself to be a be- ' nedict, till Mrs Coutts discovered that he : was a bachelor possessed of £600 of her ' money and proceeded to quarrel with him for it, I can't say that I have much re spect for a lady who according to her own showing divided her affections so evenly her husband de facto if not de jure and her lodger, and who was so willing to link her lot with either provided he would only submit to the necessary legal ceremony. Public sympathy is undoubtedly with Mrs or Miss Brooks, and since she has that and £200 sterling, perhaps the lady will rest contested as a ftmme sote. Really something ought to be done to as similate the marriage law throughout Her Most Gracious Majesty's dominions. It does seem strange that the subjects of one of the most virtuous of monarchs should be trapped into a breach of the moral code, or be liable to be robbed of hard earned savings and turned adrift to starve or go to a benevolent asylum in old age. A friend from Geelong has been giving me a glowing account of tbe increased commercial prosperity of the Pivot. I fancied Geelong must be looking up when I heard that a double line of rails was re quired from tbe Railway station to tbe wharf. Mr John Woods was not far wrong after all when he declared that tbe Colac line would pay when carried on the border of new South Australia. During the last season in addition to 45,333 bales of wool no less than 810,478 bushels of nrhoat ««-»- aTiinnefl from tbe DOrt of Geelong and no less than 91 vessels cleared ont representing a total tonnage, of 88,082 tons. Being a resident of Melbourne I of course think there is no place like Melbourne, but for all that I am not eo blinded by prejudice as not to see that the interest of the colony demands that the metropolis shall not be allowed to mono polise all the trade. I differ from those, who think that a city, town, or township should be subsidized with public money, that it may continue to exist ; but I do think that trade should be allowed to flow in its legitimate channels and not be di verted to the capital. To my mind ihe farmer has an undoubted right to demand that he shall have a eood road on which to send his produce to the nearest port, be it where it may, and as the iron road is the cheapest, the best, and the quickest, that is the road he should have when he asks for it. A yield of 9,363, 956 bushels o f wheat, the produce of the colony this season, is the outcome of a vast amount of privation, patient endurance, energy, and enterprise, and those who have practised all these virtues, much to the benefit of the State, and very little their own, are certainly entitled to at least as much consideration as well-paid srtizans, denizens of our big cities. A week ago we had almost made up our minds that the country was to have peace. Political lions, wolves, and jackals had agreed to compromise, so we were told. According to recent reports the most ra pacious of these animals are not contented with the good feeds they have had, but are determined to have more. To speak plainly the extreme Radicals in the Lower House are so desperately afraid that when a Reform Bill is passed their occupation will be gone, that they are likely to induce our vacillating Premier to turn his back on the olive branch now being held out by the Council, and instead of the Council being reformed, there will be another deadlock. Far be it from me to have the honour of being a prophet, when I can see only mischief looming ia the distance. The Appropriation BUI has not yet passed ; the civil servants are unpaid ; and their butchers and bakers are clamorous and anxious. Nearly everybody expects to see the Land Tax Bill kicked out by the Council or amended in such a way as practically to mean the same thing- I believe Mr. fierry intends to take his stand on tue all round ten, pounds franchise, and if the Council agree to that he will be hoisted with his own petard; if not, 'to your tenis, Oh Israel.' Do you, my good sirs, ever read the.ladj's column in any of those journals which are so considerate as to devote a column to matters pertaining to the fair sex P If you do not you should do so. Yon will be enlightened and entertained. Take this for instance — ' The fate of parasols is almost decided ; they are to be large in size and to match the costume in colour.*' Who, I wonder, decides the fate of parasols? Old Sol, one would suppose, emce he settles the question whether one is to have a sunstroke or require an ulster. Only to think that the wife of your bosom (that wife of whom you are so proud) might have had the Up of her nose scorched till it re sembled a drinker's, if the decree of fate had been for small-sized parasols. Marie Goubnud evidently knows next to nothing of human nature. With her a woman is only a lay figure, on which to hang so many yards of costly material, cut and trimmed till it becomes an abomination of ugliness, inconvenience, and expensiveness ; and only useful in promoting celebacy, through making (in the minds of a bachelor of limited means) a charming woman into a scarecrow. Of Frenchwomen Marie may know something, but one thing is certain that she has never seen an Irish woman. I mean an Irish lady, not Biddy the cook or Mary the housemaid ; yet both of these would coon enlighten her. Here is a specimen of innocence—' One of the latest eccentricities of fashion is the adoption of ladies of an officer's gorget. We do not attempt to explain this some what extraordinary tsste for militery dis tinction, but it it plainly discernable among our elegantes.' What? Cant account for & woman's taste for military distinction ? Fie, Marie 1 You are a hypocrite. One more little bit of unsophisticated innocence, and I have done with Marie. ' It would be better we think if we mnst adopt this article of attire, at least to thange its name se as to avoid unnecessary confusion, and give it a more lady-like nomenclature.' This suggestion is past a goak Why, the thing is pretty in the eyes of beauties, only because it is ' manlike,' and would not be tolerated for an hour, under any other name. In tbe miscellaneous column of the Australasian of this week the disappearance of ghosts from the Scottish moors is satis factorily accounted for by an old Scotch man. He says 'it requires Scotch Whisky on ihe eop of old ale to enable a man to 6ee a ghost really worth talking about.*' Al though we have not got any moors in this colony we have some lonely, paddocks which ought to answer the same purpose. A friend of mine a lew nights ago plied me with enough whisky to enable a man to see fifty ghosts, and on the top of that some good ale. I rode over some paddocks studded with ringed and leafless gum trees, which looked ghostly and weird-like enough in the moonlight. But I never saw the ghost of a ghost. Ah, I can tell you the reason. The whisky was good, not raw spirit, but genuine ' Castle Blend. You can bet your bottom dollar that neither a ghost nor a headache could be made out of a gi-llon of that whisky. Writing of Castle Blend puts me in mind that This was the only Scotch whisky which obtained the highest award at the Melbourne International Exhibition. Such good liquor deserves a word even from a gossipping correspondent. Progress is being made with the steno graphic or reporting machine, a complete one having been presented to the tioce 6 d' Encouragement in Paris. It is 18 inches lonjr, 12 wide, and 30 high. Tne number of elementary signs ia only six, from which 74 pbouetic letters are formed. It can be worked at the rate of 2U0 words a minute, and as the most rapid speaker or reader can not u:ter more than 180, it is well up to its work. And yet it is u- t Ukdy to make any revolution in the art of reporting, t xtreme fidelity if, as a rule, not desirable; there must be condensation, and a competent reporter is able to abridge as he goes on bfctter than be can do af terwtrUs. — * G£c%us.' 