RAILWAY COMMUNICATION. It used at one time to be considered necessary to kill a Bishop before any re form was effected in the carriage of human beings. In this country one would imagine that the slaughter of a still higher dignitary, either clerical or lay, is needful beforo tho desired end can be attained. Recent events ought certainly to have taught tho Railway department a lesson, but tbeofficorsofthatdepartmentap- pear uncommonly hard to convince, and to have as much difficulty in seeing the point of a suggestion as the proverbial Scotsman has in appreciating a joke. Wo have no desire to allude too harshly to the officials more or less concerned in the J olimont accident, for they must know that the public is not satisfied with the explanations as yet offered, and that the' day of retribution must come for those whoso carelessness or neglect of duty as sisted greatly inbringing about a calamity so disastrous. Neither is there occasion to dilate longer on tho startling state of affairs shown by the Premier to be existent on the suburban lines lately owned by that fortunate but somewhat chceseparingcorporation,theHobBon'sBay Railway Company. It is enough to know that there are on that line bridges faulty in construction and weak in their nature ; that the. permanent way iB, to say- the least, not all that could be desired ; and that the rolling stock has beon condemned even by indulgent critics The worst of the evil is pretty well known, and the' necessity for immediate action to remove it is admitted so soon as funds are avail able. But there are one or two reforms which might be carried out at once with out waiting for anything. Communica tion between the passengers and the guard or engine-driver is one of these. It may or it may hot be tho case that the existence of eucb communication might have arrested,' or at any rate mitigated, the effects of the Joligipnt accident ; but if the establishment of such a system were to afford even the ( faintest chance of avoiding a repetition of it, , it should be initiated There is matter for a powerful homily on this aubjeot to bo found in what a contomporary quaintly describes ss t rather a singular aooident," which occurred to the train omptoyod to convey tho railway servants to tho picnic at Gcolong on Saturday last. One of tho American first-class carriages was rather unusually crowded, and tho friction on the wheols created such a dogroo of heat that tho floor of tho cavriago caught firo. Tho natural result was the groatest con sternation ; but still tho train wont on its way ; and had not ouo of tho male employes had tho presence of mind to olimb on to tho roof through tho window, and thon run along tho top until ho reached tho engine-driver, tho firo would probably havo seized upon tho entire carriage. Tho horror of such an accident can bo moro easily imagined than described. A firo at sea is bad enough, but a firo in si swiftly moving train, where no water is available in auy quantities, and where tho fierceness of tho firo is aggravated by tho rapidity of tho motion, exceeds even tho former tragody in tho extremity of its awfulnoss. It is nob. alwayB that thoro is a railway omptoyo in a carriage who understands how to get in and out with facility ; and it is not even every suoh employe who possesses tho' presence of mind evinced on this occasion' by Mr Douohuo. A carriago, indeed, might be filled with women and children utterly unable to help them selves, and tho consequenoe in such a coso would bo too foarful to contomplato. If then such an oc currence as that of Saturday oannot im press upon the Railway authorities the necessity of at once introducing some method of communication by cord, elec tric bell or otherwiso, one can only con clude that nothing short of a depart mental auto-da-fe of two or three of tho traffic superintendents while on a journey will bring them to thoir senses. It would be unfair to blamo the Ministur for all tho shortcomings of his department, aud wo are ready and willing to admit that ho is actuatod by the sincorost dosiro to per form his arduous duties thoroughly and effectually. But if his officers will uot take tho initiative in tho task of endeavoring to lessen dangor ho must do it for hitnsolf. It is absurd to argue that such communi cation is dangerous because evil-disposed or foolish persons would uso it un necessarily. ThorO are of course fools of every degree travelling by rail as by any other means of conveyance. There are comparatively harmless fools, who cut their initials on window panes .with diamoud rings; and there are mis chievous fools, who cut holes in cushions. There are also dangerous fools, who would play with human life as children with fire. But Buch fools can bo punished, and when they are punished pretty severely, the practice, in all probability. will cease. Anyhow, danger is not to be trifled with through tho mere fear of a folly being perpetrated, and tho Minister of Railways cannot do better than turn his immediate attention to the subject. Tho business of tho Assombly this after noon is of a varied but intorosting character. Mr Kernot is to ask if the bye-wash at Stony Creek Reservoir will bo restorod to its original height, and will probably bo informed that, in tho opinion of the Department, of. Water Supply, it would bo unsafe to do so, and Mr Quick, who is not connected with tho amusement agency business, though his ques tion almost so implies, is to ask if the ominent geologist, Professor Den ton, popularised on the hoardings 1 by the significant legend, Denton Again ! will be employed to report upon our mineral resources; aud Major Smith is to ask that tho poor engine-drivers1 working hoars bo reduced to eight hours a day. Mr. Bell's question, whether the Minister o! Mines will bring in a bill to make miners' wages a first charge on the assets of mining companies is scarcely likely to bo asked, as it has become unneces sary Mr Fincham, having adroitly jurapedfliho idea, exacted a favorable reply from tho Minis ter, and communicated it to his constituents, Mr Dow contemplates initiating his pot bogey,' the hated squatter, by asking tho Minister of Lands if he is aware that squatt ing influence is being used to prevent the pro clamation of commons for tho uso of the farming interest, and Mr Yale is to ask what investigations have been carried out with a view of ascertaining if a suit able water supply for tho southorn districts of tho Yan Yean.Mr M'Intyre is to revive tho claim of tho undying first discoverer of gold, Mr Hargreavos, and Mr Langridgo proposes to test the value of Hawthorn pro)>ertyfin which for reasons he takes considerable interest, by mov ing for a return of all purchases made of land for the Lillydale railway within throo miles of tho Hawthorn railway station. Tho Railway Loan Bill is tho first Government businoss, and Mr Berry intends, while not offering factious opposition to further increasing our liabilities, to point outtho inexpediency of doingjso, and to urge that tho proper policy of the colony 8houldbehot fresh expenditure, but retrench ment. ; An interesting notice of question has been tabled by Mr Vale, who seeks to know whether any investigations, havo bfjen made with a view of providing a special supply of water for tho southern suburbs of'Melbourne, independent of tho Yon Yean. This question boa several times', been publicly dis cussed, but there is no .longer any 'necessity for providing a special supply. By a simple alteration of tho valves, tlio whole of 'the southorn most districts havo been brought under the high pressure system; and tho highest points of Toorak or Caulfiold are now certain of a; supply amply sufficient for their wants in the driest seasons, so long as there is water iu tho northern suburbs. Unless tho reservoir itsclfffailcd, their supply is secure, A short time since, ground for a sorvice reservoir was purchased at ICow, but it has not been necessary to construct this, and tho quantity and force of. tho sup ply available, may bo judged by tho fact that the large railway engine supply tank near Caulfield racecourse, which stands on pillars on a high bank, is kept constantly full without difficulty. A southern water supply would necessitate tho convoying of wator from the Dandenong Creek, which is of very limited dimensions, and this could not be made effective without tho employment of' pumping machinery, the crook being at too lew a level to permit of a supply being obtained by gravitation. This, however, is now entirely unnecessary. Steps <ro being takon to impress upon 'the Government the desirability of dealing with the Amended Health Act this session. Tho bill has beon prepaiod, and is in type, and in a few days a deputation from tho Boards of Health will wait upon tho honorable tho Chief Secretary to request . his attention to the matter. A number of ship captains waited on tho Commissioner of Customs to-day, and asked that until a regular Government runner was appointed, Captain Albeury, of tbo Sailors' Home, should be licensed to ship sailors. The captains . all ; agreed that Constable Roacho should he- appointed, but this cannot bo doio ' until the necessary vote, which is on the .Estimates, is passed. Mr Graves agreed to jappoint Cap tain Albeury until a permanent engagement With Mr Roache is mode. . , ' The banquet gi von : by Mr . M. H. Da vies, Mayor of Frahran, in the local town hall lost' evoniog was an unusually brilliant and UQQQssful affair. The company included nearly every Minister of tho Crown and other mom. bcrs of Parliament, tho leading rosi- donts of tho district and roprcaon- tativos from tho various municipali ties. Tho dinner was oxooedingly well laid and served. Tho toast of tho Ministry was well received' Tho list of toasts was not too long, and tho speakers boing brief and to tho point, a vory pleasant evening was spout. In tho Supremo Court to-day tho taking of ovidouco was continued hafore his Honor Mr Justico Higinbotham in on Equity suit of Barwick and tho Soutli Devonshire Mining Company, registered, v tho Ducluws of Edin burgh Gold Mining Company and Simon Albert. It appears that Mr Josoph Barwick and throo other jwrsons on tho 25th of April, 1870, obtained a loaso of a piece" of ground at Devonshire Gully, Sandhurst, for mining pur- poses. Tho loaso containod a provision that two men should bo constantly kept at work on tho ground and that in tho ovont of tho broach of any of tho covenants tho loaso should bo voidable. Barwick and his throo co-lossoos formed a company, callod tho South Devonshire Mining Company (Regis tered), and continued to work tho ground. Subsequently they found that tho Duchoss of Edinburgh Gold alining Comixuiy, which oc- enpied adjoining ground, had trespassed on their ground, and removed gold and stono. Tho South Devonshire ComjHiny now procccdod against tho Duchess of Edinburgh Company .fr trespass. Tho dofondant company admit having mined on tho land claimed by tho plain tiffs, but allege that it ;>vu3 forfeited by tho Governor-in-Council for nou-fulfilmont of the labor covenant that they (tho defondant companyjsubsoquently pegged out tho ground; applied for a lease and took possession of tho ground, and are legally in possession of it. Tho defendant Albert was oho of tho original lessees of the South Devonshire Comixuiy, and beforo tho commencoment of tho suit offered to transfer his interest if any, but doclinodtobo made a co-plaintiff, und was then made a co- defendant. Tho evidence had not bccu con cluded whonTiiK Huhald wont to press. Mr Webb, Q.C. and Mr Kerford appeared for tho plaintiffs ; Mr Helm and Mr M'Farland for tho defondaut company; and Mr a'Bockctt and Mr Woigall for tho dofondant Albert. . Two bronze-colored natives of Zanzibar, ono of whom, boing a boliovor in tho religion founded by tho Prophet of Mecca, had to bo sworn on tho Koran, took ndvantago to-day of our lawsin having thoir grievances vontilatod in tho County Court, with tho assistance of Messrs Morgan and Fisher. James Abdullah, who' described himself as "a commercial traveller," sued his countryman, Josoph Bracco, with whom ho arrived in this colouy, to recover LU Us, tho balanco of somo trans action between the parties allogod to bo owing to tho plaintiff. Tho dofoudant, who was called, denied tho debt and stated in tolerably good English, " All I know is that I have beon swindled." The case was adjoumou till Monday next, for tbo ptoduction of some witnesses. Abdullah, although bearing tho Christiau namo of James is a Maliomedan, and when about to bo swore took out of his pocket a book, which Mr Mor- gau mistook for an account book, but which Abdullah assured his Honor Judgo Copo was tho Koran, the Biblo of Islam, and, muttorind some . words which no body understood, ho kissed it. Bracco, the defendant, however, was sworn on tho Biblo, and Abdullah re marked that the oath was not binding ; but the remark was missed by the bench. His Honor Mr Justice Holroyd will presido at tho October sittings of the Central Criminal Court, which will be commonced in tho Su premo Court on Monda next, Tho task of blending law with equity, -so as to givo powers of adjudication upon both to our courts in a moro convoniont manner, has received an important impetus by tho now ar rangements as to tho procedure of County Courts, which will bo laid boforo Parliament to-day By thoeo, in accordance with the spirit of tho English Judicturo Act, and tho report of the Royal Commission which do liberated last year in Victoria, a process ha been provided for making clear the practice contemplated by tho 122nd see. of the Oouuty Courts Act. At tho same time, tho regulations as to tho proceedings of County Courts havo been greatly simplified. In futnro a County Court summons will bo a simplo direction to appear, the causo of summons being stated separately on tho bill of particulars.- Tho defendant will not be required to onter any defonco unless it i9 of a special nature, such as setoff, coverture, insolvency, &c.; and when he or she does so, tho ground must bo dofinod in conciso phrase. If a third party is relied upon for contribution or indemnity, tho more fact of so stating will suffice, without ontoriug into details. Tho costs of practitioners, though not reduced further, will bo mado more to' assimi late to Euglish precedents, so as to be easily applicable to all County Court cases, and will bo awarded moro upon the basis of tho work done than on that of tho amount recovered. It may be tncntionod that already professional charges for County Court practice are lower in Victoria than in tho mother country or any other of her colonies. Tho fees of tho Crowh have compared with thoso of tho suporior courts, been altogether too large, and thoso have been reducod to an amount moro proportionate, while other remedies havo boon dpvisod to facilitate tho business both of members of tho logal profession and the public, j The steamer Afghan, which arrived this morning from London, brought out throo splendid draught horses, and also tnreo first, class race horses. They were in oxcellont condition, showing that great caro: had been bestowed upon them during the passage. An Equity suit of Pratz v, Weigall, which was set down for tho taking of evidence this week, beforo his Honor Mr Justicoj Holroyd, stands over for tho preBont. 1 "Tho Early Closer," published; gratis, in the interests of salesmen and ! assistants, suggests that bands should play in the evening in tho parks and gardens, as they would supply a much more pleasant outing J|for ladies than looking at tbo shops. It also suggests that tho electric light should bo utilised. A certain publican in a country district was recently fined on two chargos tof soiling liquor at unlawful hours, and for ossanlt. Tho publican was a justico of tho peace, although a breaker of it, and ho has therefore been callod upon to urgo any reasons ho mayj have why, under tho pro visions" of Section 5jof tho Act 50, his Excellency the Govornor-in-Council should not prohibit him from acting in such capacity. ; Tho taking of evidence in tho! Equity sui of Bramley v Parsott was continued in tho Supremo Court to-day, boforo his Honor Mr Justico Holroyd. Tho suit is brought by the plaintiff to compel tho defefendont to speci fically perform a contract to oxcliango allotments of land near Durham Ox. The defence set up is that tho agreement was ob tained by misrepresentation on tljo part of the plaintiff. Tho defendant is a sawyer, and the Alleged misrepresentation consisted in a state ment by the plaintiff that his land contained plonty of good timber and was well suited for sawyer's purposes. Mr T. A'Beckott, in- sthictcd by Messrs Clovordonand Eggloston, appeared for the plaintiff ; and Mr Dwyor, in structed by Mr Dnrgan, for tlio defendant. Tbo evidenee bad not boon concluded whon The Hebald went to prosst j Tho Warden at BlackwGod reports that activity is being evinced in tho 'Conduct of \- mining operations there, andj that outside - capital is flowing in for tho oncburagemont of - preBpecting,, operations. < ' A commission agont, named Lionel Jacob Jones, was sued to-day, in the County Court, by Messrs Phillips and Cohen, solicitors, to 6 rccovor tho amount of L9 lis, duo to thorn for work and labor done in connection with an ap plication in tho Insolvonoy Court for a dis pensation of paymont of 7s in the L.Vordiot for tho amount claimod. Tlio outbreak of tho contagious disoaao at Sale is ovidontly scarlatina, and not imxwlca, as at first reported. About a dozen cases have already occurred, adults as well as children being affected, and a houso-to-houso visitation is now boing made by Dr Macdonald, Two children in ono family havo already suc cumbed to tho discaso, and seven others are suffering from it. Application has been mado; to tho ContralBoard of Health for authority to cIoro tho Roman Catholic school in tho town, which is attonded by over two hundred chil dren. Tho State school was closed on Saturday last. Tho diamond drill at Kilcutida is at a stuudstill at 877ft din suffering from thoso general delays with which drills are affected. Tho foreman of tho Stawoll ono No. 4 lias boon pulling rods and repairing compressor, for which reasons ouly forty-six foot liad beon bored, total depth now boing -193 foot six inches. The auger at Katundra has bored 04 feet; total dopth,117 foot. Tho Williamstown Borough Counoil pro ceeded ngainRt soveral property ownors at tho local court this morning for tho rocovory of half thoexponso of asphalting footpaths. Mr Crokor (of Messrs Andorsou and Crokor) ap peared for tlio counuil. In tho first cnao which was against Aloxandor Hossack, tho dofonco raised was that the work had not boon dono by contract as required by tho local Govornmont Act. Mr Crokor in re ply contended that in tho perfor mance of works of this nature it was altogether optional with tho council as to tho ninnnor in which each work should bo carried out, and pointed out that tho direction con tained in tho Local Government Act, requir ing certain work to bo dono by contract, ap plied to only cortahrspocifio coses, in which tho cost of tho work would exceed L100, and could not apply in this instance, as tho entire cxponso amounted to only L7o. Tho Bench Agreed with this viow, and mado an order for tho amount claimed with costs. Two othor cases, against J. Warrou and L. Ryan respectively, wore then proceeded with, and orders made with costs against tho defen dants. A crickot match will tako placo to morrow (Wednesday), on tho Metro politan ground, play to cotmnohco at 11 a.m., M. O. C. v 15 -Combined Juniors. Tho Molbourno team will compriso MossrsBoylo, Bonnor, Dickson, Giles, Lloyd, Yint, W. M'Evoy, Frederick, Gibbins, Boyd and Coulthard. Tho Juniors will be ropro- soutod by D, Scott (capt), Crawford, Harvey, Dealoy, Lucas, Bushcll, Mackay, FaUhnw, Brooks, Stewart, Bisslaud, Anderson, Blunn, Kellott,- Wilson and Barnes. A vounuladv named Mdllo Durand. of Rouen, has boon recently invested by tho faculty of Coon with tho diploma of Lottors and Rhetoric boing tho first fotnalo recipient of that scholastic distinction. Tho BankingRccord gives nino and a-half years' comparison of tho banking statistics of tho soven colonios of the Australasian group, slowing tho amount of tho banks' own capital in uso in tho colonics. There is another tablo showing thoir actual paid-up capital and re serve. It will bo observed, says tho Record that theso together amount to Ll8,5S9,430,but tho amount actually employed in tho colonies was at 30th .Juno L12.40G.910, so that tho banks havo over six millions oinployod out of tho colonies, as their London credit balance would Bhow. Tho amount employed in tho colonies at 30th Juno last is less than at any date since 1873, when it was Lll,5G9,00i It has been as high (in 1873) as L21,27G,000. ' Tho Goolong Advortisor reports that tlio matter of tho purchaso of a piaco of land at Cowie's Creek, comprising the railway resorvo and a wattlo-trco plantation, by Cr Connor, waB referred to at tho mooting of tho .Town Council lest evening. It was brought up by Cr Connor, who made d personal explanation to tho effect that ho had purchased the land in a purely business manner, and that ho bad not used his infiuenco as Mayor of tho town in 16S0 to get possession of the laud. Tho subject matter of his speech evoked a alight altercation betweon himself and Cr Johnstone, but ultimately tho council deeided that Cr Connor's explanation was satisfactory, and ha was exonerated from tho imputation that ho had obtained the reserve in an underhand manner, for it was rnnnliiflivolv m-ovod that thn uln.ntef.inn waq offered for sale by auction against tho direct wishes of Cr Connor. Tho Ballarat Courier states that amongst tho largost eagles yet shot in this colony must be reckoned that which fell to tho gun of Mr Allan Main, of the Railway dopartmont, while recently on a shooting excursion with some friends in the Grampian ranges. The bird, which was a male, moasured 11 foot 9 inches between tho tips of each wing, dud was not despatched without somo trouble after being wounded. Tlio party having found tho nest of the monster, also succeodod in shoot ing tho female eagle, measuring 7 feet'G inches from tip to tip, and capturing a brood of fivo young ones which were in the nest. Mr Main has presented tho large bird to Mr Anderson railway traffic manager, who intends to havo it stuffed. Difficulties as regards the titlo (says tho Banking Record) havo hithorto stood in tho way of tho completion of tho purchase by tho - English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank of tho site at tho north-east corner of Collins and Queen ' streets. The matter hus now been arranged. Tho purchaso' money— LG0,000 — has been paid by tho purchasers,, who will commonco shortly to build a new bank. Tho site is ono of tho finest in Mol-. bourne, and tho removal of a number of miserable buildings which disfigure tho street will be a gain to the fino appearance of the leading thoroughfare. On tho 27th ultimo a mooting of tho mom- bcrsoftho Church of Euglaud was hold at Corowo, (tho Doniliquin Chronicle relates), and matters connected with tho now diocese were discussed. A portion of a letter from Bishop Thomas was read, sotting forth tho probablo boundaries, which, including tbo parish of Corowa, followod the Murray from thonco to South Australia. A vote of thanks was passed to tho Hon. J. Campbell, M.L.C., for his gift of L10,000, and a committeo appointed to further tho interests of the uow seo. Tho second grand Wilholmj Soiree, at tho Town Hall, to-night must not bo overlooked, ; and tho Wagner programmes to bo given onco moro, including tho magnificent Flying Ould- orinan. On Thursday tho divine voilinist and his excollont company interpret Mendelssohn. Mr Harkins hps by no means received such a liberal support, from tho public, at tho Theatre Royal, as his merits entitled him to. There is rathor too much of a strain on play, goors, with the same class of entortainmont at both our loading houses, and this is a mistake. Our publio is limited. It is no uso attempt ing to fill tho cup moro than full. Yet tho verdict on Mr t Harkins in Melbourne . has been quite onthusastic in approval. No action could gratify an audience more than ho doos with his boldly -drawn portrait of Richard III, .which jviU be given for a couple of nights further. Othello is announced for Thursday and Vorginiua for .Saturday..., j This is tho lost night of Tfarciaso at the Opora House, and to-morrow Mr Baudmann appears in his great specialty, Dead or Alive, while Hamlet is undorlinod for Saturday,., with Bandmann as Hamlet and Fairclough as tho Ghost. Great curiosity will bo fott to boo Horr Bandmann as tho melancholy Dano ftb this particular tiino. Mr Donton oponcd his'siow courso of lectures at tlio Athoniuum last night, with Tho Origin of Man, which was treated in a most instruc tive way, condensing and popularising tho extraordinary researches of anthropology in tho present tiino. To-morrow ovoning ho will tqtcalc on tho Races of Mankind ; following up last night's subject, and yet ponatitutiug a distinct lecture in itsolf, Wo havo rcceivod from Mr R. Harrison samples of a tompomnco cluunpagne callod ' Norvino. It is a palatablo summor drink. 