BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTERS. " Was there ever such weather V inquired a fat neighbor of mine, as ho loaned over the feuce, the other morning. " Never heard of it," said I; " if there was, history is silent on the fact." " What did you wind up your . last letter with hot, hotter, hottest for," said " Because," I said " it was true." ". tho people gets tlio news," said he, " they'll think you are a ." Before lie could got tho rest out, I had knocked liini through the fenco. I admit appearances are against mo. When a man asserts that it is as hot as Hades (revised) one day, and the next tries to borrow au overcoat, it does look as though he was straining tho truth, to put it in its mildest form; yet this is what wo have done in the past few "days. On Monday you might have danced a hornpipe on the Boulevard minus the fig leaves, which distinguished out iirst parents, and oil Tuesday a seal-skin sacque or a buffalo robe would not have been out of place. All of the hotels had to start up the steam, and people who were unprepared wandered about the streets shivering and shaking in the Wintry storm as though thoy were seated on top of an iceberg. " De en' ob do worl' ain comin', shua I" said a colored preacher to his congregation, last Sunday. "Day hab taken hell out ob de 'vised edition, and dey tort dat dey wuz mity smart; but I tole you, my frien's, dat accordin' to ole profit Jones, de Greek word exctillal/us means to freeze, instead of to roast, and dat's jes' what's goin' to happen to you." I am very much of that opinion my self, for here also in tho middle of Juno I sit writing my weekly letter with my cap pulled down over my ears, and my feet rolled up in a. blanket. We used to inquire " What is the matter with Hannah ?" now I feel like asking what's tho matter with Venuor. This wretched Canadian has completely upset all of our weather calculations, and has given us a taste of January right iu tho middlo of June. The most disgraceful fiasco in American military annals, tho Wliittaker trial, is ended. Fifty thousand dollars will scarcely pay the entire expense of We3t Point's attempt to j ruiu this poor colored boy. A lot of military fossils havo been intrenched as our National Academy till they forgot that they were paupers-dependent on tho nation's bounty. They encouraged the cowardly proscription of the colored cadet, and heaped their re ward upon his persecutors instead of con demning them to a ball and chain. Thero were parties given to tho cadets at tho houses of the different professors -which ono of them invited Whittaker to partake of his hospitality, if any one did so, his name has not transpired. There is nothing in the con duct of theso cowardly ruffians to warrant tho belief that tho best of them woro not capable of any prevarication or untruth, or any dastardly outrage. Tho endorsement of General Schofiold is not worth tho paper it is written 011, he being ono of thoso pufled-up military cock-a doodles who labor uudor the impression that West Point is their personal property. Wost Poiut did not start with tho 'presumptive innocence of Whittaker, but it attempted to place on him the stamp of infamy from tho start, and tho administration that removed General Schofiold. from a position which his partiality had disgraced deserves the grate ful thanks of the public. The trial has been a stench iu the nostrils of the- people, and now that is concluded I hope that the in stigators of it may be consigned to deserved infamy. I don't know that it is tho especial pre rogative of tho New Yorker to mako a donkey of himself, but whether it is or no, ho has a pecular faculty of doing it. A week or two ago we received a cablu that Iroquois liad won the Derby; to hear tho people talk you would havo thought that wo had paid the last dollar of our national debt, or that some otlior great event had happened. Men rushed madly about tolling tho news and shaking each others hands; everybody seemed pleased with everybody else, aud all for what 1 because Mr Somebody's horso had run a little faster than somebody else's horse. This reminds mo of tho scene at one of the recent walking matches. The affair was near its close, aud a more ill-grained, vagabond looking crew it has never boen my evil fortune to behold. Everyono of tho wretched tramps looking like a penitentary graduato, find the majority of tho audience looked like candidates for Siato's Prison. As 1 said, the race was just closing, tho last round was about to bo made, and all at once it soemed as if the entire audiunco had taken loavo of their senses. Mon aud women jumped up on tho seats and roared themselves hoarse, ono man flung his new hat at tho pedestrian, and a stout woman shiod her handkerchief aud her mud". One part of tho band played " Hail to tho Chief," while tho (second cornet and tronibono struck off into " Yankee Doodle." People stamped and screamed and clapped thoir hands, and all for what I be cause a wretched vagabond, that 110 sensible man would trust behind his counter if thero were fifty cents in tho till, had succeeded in tramping tho saw-dust for six days aud covering a given number of miles. Thank fortuno, however, that that peculiar craze is over. The last Grand International Walk ing Match netted tho enterprising principals some 4,000 dol. on tho wrong side of tho ledger, so I suppose for the present, at least, wo are reasonably safo from the tramps. Wedding bells havo been ringing ever since the lirst of June. Thoy "are beinf marriod and given iu marriage by tho scoro. The season has been exceptional in tho number of distinguished marriages. A mar riage took place last week in upper tendons which has scarcely beon exceedod in lavish display since the marriage of Boss Twoed's youngest daughter to Mr McGinniss of Now Orleans. It is truo that tho bride did not liavo diamond buttons in her gaiters, but the floral decoratious cost over 3,000 dol.; the supper was contracted for, exclusive of wines, for 1,500dol.; and tho bridal gifts, including achoque for 20,000 dol. from tile father of the bride, woro estimated to tho worth over 50,000 dol. This is tho sort of wife I havo been looking for, and if thero aro any more of theni left [ should like to go to Salt Lake and tako two or three. The hotels at Coney Island and Manhattan Beach aro in mourning 011 account of the cold weather. In a favourable time tho bathing houses will take in from 2,000 dol. to 3,000 dols. per day; the restuarant at Manhattan Beach is good for 5,000 dol or G,000 per day; aud there aro a number at Coney Island that do an equal business. Tho loss of a trade like that, with tho enormous expenses thoy aro under, is a very serious matter, ?when tho band alone, including Mr Levy, costs 300 dol. per day for a single hotel. Our mighty bridge between the two cities is hastening to completion; the iron girders aro already nioro than half way across the river; and we may reasonably expect to see a portion of the road-bed laid entirely across before the Fall. The stupendous character of the work cannot bo appreciated in viewing tho structure from the river. It is not till you have passed under the tremendous masses of masonry that mark tho approaches on either side that you can fully estimate tho magnitude of the work. There aro, undoubt edly, many magnificent suspension bridges 111 the world, probably a number that exceed it m architectural beauty, but for length of Bpan, for grandeur and immensity, so far it lias 110 rival 011 tho earth, The original estimate by Mr Robeling, tho enginee Avl.o laid out tho work was three million and a half dollars; over thirteen millions lvavo be0ll expended up to the present time, and it will take two or three millions more to finish it It has cost a number of lives, including that of the Chief Engineer, Mr Robeliug." His son, who took his placo in the work, ruined Ilis health amid the poisonous gases of the caissons when they were sinking the founda tions of the piers from which tho cables are stretched^ Though nominally in charge of the work, Mr ltobeling has never seen it but once, his health being so shattered that he is now a confirmed invalid. I11 1S82 we oxpect to see it open for travel, and then wo can probably toll if it is going to pay. The grand lodge of F. and A. M. was open here on Tuesday with unusual potup. The attendance was largo and respectable, and it was evident by the reports of tho various lodges throughout iho State that the ghost of William Morgan was successfully laid. New and marvellous fashions meet tlio eye every day, but of that anon. Yours truly, BROADBRIM, 