AMUSEMENTS. TUB ORKNEY AND SHETLAND ISLANDS BELIEF FUND. In the prcsszico of a large and appreciative audicrcc. an enjoyable concert was erven in the Masonic Hall last night in aid of the funds being collected to rclievr the distress occasioned in the north of England. and in Scotfand by the recent gales, l.'nforlurrately Miss Kate Uomiman and a iady amidunr and Mr. T. II. Iiainforil, who had promised to contribute to tho programme, were unavoidably absent through illness ; but those who did perfoiutdid ?o with sii'.h jtrccess that the disap pointment consequent: upon alterations in the entertainment was reduced lo a minimum. The first part opened with a pianoforte duet from Bossini's " 1,' Tancvedi," which was very effectively played by Messrs. l'i. and N. Gelulo. To this succeeded a Fcotcli scng ent'iled " On the Meads." Mr. W. E. Baker was in good voice and sang well, but U'.e aecompaiiiment was generally too loud. Miss Bessie Harrison next contributed an aria frrun " Maritarra," and she sang Wallace's tuneful music admirably. The vocalist was most warmly applauded. Later on in the evening this lady, with Tilr. Frank Brewer, sang the rluet"0 Maritana" with such taste and feeling that tho num ber immediately look rank as the gem of the even ing. Mr. J. A. Herman contributed several good selections for the violin, including a fantasia upon 'Tiic iiuip that once through Tarn's hulls" which was so much appreciated that Ihe violinist had to reappear, r.nd lie then gave " Auhl Robin Gray," with several difficult variations, nnd an extremely clever imitation of the bagpipes. Mr. Herman also played tbc " Blue. Bells of Scotland," and as an encore "Bonnie Laddie." Miss Clara Hamil ton lias already earned for herself an enviable reputation as a brilliant vocalist, and, if possible, she enhanced it by her oerformances last night. She sang the " Three Fishers " with delightful pathos and feeling, and this number was so much enjoyed that the lady had to respond to an emphatic encore, and she then gave the " Murmur of the shell," singing that plaintive melody also with rare expressiveness. Before the concert concluded Miss Hamilton sang " Caller Herein'," appearing in appropriate costume, and by tire force, and truth of her rendition fnirly rousing her audience to enthusiasm. As an encore the talented vocalist contributed a quaint and characteristically Scotcli cradle song, " Sleep awa' my bairnie," Mr. H. 11. Woods used his fine voice to excellent advantage in Adam's ballad, "Jack's Yarn," and the. same gentleman occa sioned much amusement by his singing of a comic song cut i I led " Tbe Frenchman." Among the particularly favoured contributors to the enter tainment was Miss E. A. Foxall, who sang " Only a mountain lad," and " I dreamt that I dwelt in marble. balls" (as an encore) very sweetly and with artistic discretion. This young lady has a fine powerful voice, nnd knows how to uso it effectively ; but it. was rather overweighted in the two selec tions she made from Donizetti. Mr. Frank Brewer sank ' The Bu -ter " well, and the concert con cluded Willi a cornet solo by Mr. M'Malion. There were no changes at any of the theatres last night, and all were vrell attended. At the Theatre Royal, " Eureka ;" at the Opera House, " J.ucrexia Borgia ;" nt the Queen's Theatre, " Onld Erin ;" were very successfully repeated. " Molhcr-in-Law " and " Who's to Win Him " con- stitnled the programme at Ihe Gaiety Theatre, but to-night " Belpirogor, the Mountebank " will bore- produced. The Chinese Opera Troupe continues to j perform at the School of Arts i nnd D'Arcv Road's i Ghosts remain attractive at the Victoria Hall. 