Amusements. toATsa fioTAi.— Tae nTir»lof 'Stmcfc Oil' attracted a fall house on Saturday evening. It is ?MofitjuDBrflttDUfl to lay that the interpreters ?{ the two leading eharaeterg in the piece were as auooBgaful as ever in their rendering of them. The delightful blending of ?pathos and humour which characterises the John Stofel of Mr. Williamson. and the equally inimitable manner in whioh Miss Maggie Moore sustains the part of Lizzie Stofel, are too well known to the playgoing public to require any elaborate aotibe o» this ooeasion. Suffice to Bay that while the aeting of Mr. William son and hie gifted wile im {he respective roles of the old Dutchman and his daughter, has decidedly' gained in aytistio finish and completeness, it has lost nothing of its freshness; and originality. ' Custom cannot Btale its infinite variety, as was unmistak ably t^atifip^ by the apol&nfie; whiak it elicited from. the acdianoe that assembled at tke Boyal. Lixzie Stbfel's' songs 'were saptnro«Bly encored, and familiar as they were to most' of those who heard tkem on Saturday night, they were evidently not the less acceptable on that account. Warbled aa they were by ~ Miss Macgie Moore, indeed, they oould not fail to charm. The John Btofel of Mr. Williamson is a study so oonsistettt and perf eat that it may oe witnessed again and' again with nndiminished plea* Bure. To the few in this city who have not Been it before, it may be oonficently riaoommended as a dra matic treat of altogether exceptional exeellenoe, and doubtless its old admirers will avail themselves of the present opportunity of renewing their acquaintance with it. T-he remainder of the cast of ' Strupk' Oil ' is » tolerably effiaient one, but, with one exception, calls for no particular mention; we allude to the Deacon Skinner of Mr. George .Leopold. Aa a. nropf of the thoronghnaga with which Mr. Georjre Leopold sustained the part it may be mentioned that,' like some of its former representatives he was frequently saluted with ap plauding hisses. ' Struck Oil -r wUl be kept on the boards dosing the week, and on Saturday next the opera season will* oommenee with the * Pirates of Penzanoe,' in which the young Australian prima donna, Miss Alice Bees, is announced to make her debut in Sydney. Gaibtt fHSATBia. — Mr. Dampier's impersonation of Tom Bobinson in ' It's Never Too Late to Mend' is one that, popular aa it was when first seen, grows on the public. The house was well filled on Satur day, and with all respect to the ether performers who Bustftin the various parts it may safely be Baid that Mr. Dampier's impersonation is that the public come to see. Mr, Poole's Jaoky and Mr. Stewart's Peter Crawley came next in order of merit. { Qubsit's Thbatbk.— Misf Oeorgie Smi*hton ap peared on Saturday at the Queen's in a sensational impossibility entitled ' The Female Detective.' The plot ia very mysterious, and IB evidently only in tended to give the heroine an opportunity of appear ing in a number of disguises. a9 that she may sing and danee in different characters. This being so the end is gained, and the villains — including the wicked villain of ~hfr. Burford, the comio villain of Mr. O'Neill, the abject villain of Mr. Stoneham and the stylish villain of Mr. Sweeny — all being punished, all ends well. So far ae the female disguises are concerned, the afore said villains muethave been fools as well as knaves to be deceived. There was cleverness in eaeh of them, bnt it ia a mistake for this versatile lady to essay parts requiring dialects that are only enjoy able when entirely true to nature. Mr. Steele made a very effective Bow-street runner, and there waa fun enough in the piece, aa a whoW, to keep a large house merry throughout. Victoria Hai*.— D'Aroy Bead's ghosts having ceased to walk, the Tiotoria had a week's rest, and was not reopened till Saturday, when the ' PaEeion Play,' aa produced in Oberammergau, was repre sented by means of the agiosoope. The views are in the main beantif ul, and the entertainment a good one. Wilson's Ciecfb.— A mattzure was given at the eircus on Saturday, as well as the usual evening per Eormanca, both being well attended, and the various exoellent feats of the programme well appreciated. The circus will be open this evening. 