LADIES' NEWS-LETTER. [BY A LADY.] LONDON, November 4. Report is busy with the name of the ex-<*> Empress of the Fresh, who it says, is about to marry an English nobleman. Some go so far as to mention the Duke of West- minster as the probsble bridegroom. The Duchess, his wife, had not been dead six months when rumor pointed to her probable successor. The late Duchess of Westminster was universally beloved and regretted, and sincerely deplored by her husband. It therefore seems an incrediUe thing that the story should have aoy foundation of truth, more especially as we read that the ex-Empress' hair has become perfectly white through grief; and instead of an expectant bride, one is more inclined to regard Her Majesty as a deeply afflicted woman who will go down sorrowing to the grave. Not losg- since the late Empresa paid a visit to the Tiul leries, asd inspected the apartments once in the occupation of her unfortunate eon. The grief she manifested on {this occasion was, it is said, excessive, and the memoriae of other losses mutt have added poignancy to the bitter sense of parental bereavement. In the Villa Eugenic at Biarritz, the room that belonged exclusively to the Prince Im perial when a boy of twelve years betrays many signs of its former juvenile inhabi tant. The writing-table exhibits blotches of ink, and in a bookcase then is a memo randum written by the late Emperor con taining minute directions to the bonne who took charge of the little prince during an ■expedition to Fan Chiandere. The favorite residence «f her late Grace of Westminster, has, I hear, been sold to the proprietor of the Daily lelegrapti, Mr. Levy Lawson. "The truth about ghosts." Under this heading the Drily TeUgraph for some weeks pact has permitted its correspondents to air their opinions on the subject of spectral phenomena, in support or denial of the existence of which endless contributions have been forthcoming. Scientists have looked up rebutting evidence, but in most cases have failed to convince those who maintain the belief in supernatural appear ances on the testimony of sight. ** I hare seen, therefore I believe." Some few refuse to entertain any belief in ghosts, even upon that convincing assurance, and talk of optical delusions, and co on. I never saw a spirit myself, and I have no settled conviction as to the existence or non-existence of spectral phenomena, but once in my life a very singular oc currence happened, that has never been reasonably accounted for. I don't pretend to understand or explain the matter -, I tafttt only relate the facts, which are strictly veracious, without the addition of a single circumstance to heighten the effect of my story. As I am quite on known to my readers 1 have not thought it necessary to suppress any of the incidents. Were it at all likely I should ever be thrown Into contact with any one of my correspon dents the following relation would be in the worst possible taste; as it is, I with hold nothing:—la the days to which my story carries me back I was in my premiere jennet*, a happy thoughtless girl of seven teen, foil of too, absolutely free frost care, fud without any belief In the super natural whatever. At a proof of my fearlessness, I had prevurasly won a bet that I dare not at the witching hour of midnight walk twice round a chorea* yard that joined a friend's grounds, I being a visitor at bis house. Having ac quitted myself in this trial of the nerves with honor, I think I shall be accredited with a certain amount of courage, and prove that I was not a person likely to conjure ap faecies on the subject of super saturn&l; manifestations at any subsequent time. Among the many friends who visited my home was a gentleman I had known from childhood. He was much older than tny?elf, and for him I never had entertained the least sentimental regard whatever. Of this he was quite aware, though it wu understood by my relatives that his visits to our home were chiefly on my account. I felt flattered by the un remitting attention he offered to me. as most young and thoughtless girls would be, but never once had I a serious thought ac to any future matrimonial result whatever. I lived for the day only, bat if the sait had once been urged upon me I am flare I ehovld iiave met it with unqualified and absolute denial. So thing* went on. The pestlemau, who to amplify rotation I will call S., had sot strong health; bat no one ever spake of his occMMnal attacks of indisposition «likely to prove dangerous, least of all fatal; while I—my ignorance of the grim destroyer was almost as great as that of the "little cottage girl" men tioned in Wotdeworth's charming poem " We are Seven," -A staple chad That Uahtiytoweiu breath. Thai feaiatta lite m every lisab. What «houtt it knew of death ?• The young cannot grasp the idea of mortality, and I was young. One day passed, and then another, and the books and fruit, &c.;, which S. brought almost daily, came by the hand of a servant, and then I knew be was suffering from one of the attacks referred to before. We had grown quite used to their recur rence, and felt no donbt that v before in a few days S. would be with us again. My brother, who used to shoot with him, received a message to the effect that his friend wished him to beat tame game pre serves at a little distance, and S. sent.hia favorite spaniel to assist the sportsman. Returning heavily laden with game my brother suggested that I should write a note and send part of his bag to S., which I did—a carelessly worded letter, with just a passing expression of regret for his in disposition, that was aIL My sister was sway at the time, and I slept in a wing of the house that was otherwise unoccupied, my brother and the servants having apart ments in an opposite wing. I will mention that I was in perfect health at this time and in the beet of spirits, without a single apprehension of any kind to dis turb my mind or give occasion for alarm; and I can say positively that after the dispatch of my missive all thought of S. was completely vanished. I most have bean asleep along time, when «t come sound I suddenly awoke. What it was I do not know, but I started up in bed and listened. Knowing my brother occasionally suffered from toothache, and at such times was in the habit of coming to me for a tincture I had, I at once supposed if.wae he at my door. I opened it, but the most perfect tsiknee reigned outside and everywhere. I returned to bed, thinking I had been dreaming, and wu iying wide awake,when again I was conscious .of some call; I did not recognise tny name, not any voice, nothing but the sense of an urgent sum mons. I wrapped my dressingrgown round me, and not doubting it was my brother who wanted me I seized the tincture, and without waiting' for a light I hurried along the well-known corridors The hush of nisrht was, however, still unbroken by any sound. I tried my brother's bedroom door, and to my surprise found it fastened. I fehook it, and demanded an explanation. A sleepy voice bade me go back, and not come disturbing sensible people hy my fooYuh fancies. I did so. Stilt I had not s thodow of fear; I vu only a little puzzled. Quietly I sat up in bed, struck a light, and looktd, at my watch, which pointed to a quarter to 5. I afterwards extinguished the candle, but did not close my eyee, when once more came that myste rious summons, which I cannot define as a voice, though in my practical way I at occe fancied it must be my brother* groom calling to his master, He had lost a valuable horse just before. My ideas now took another turn. I threw ap my window, and called the groom by name. "Is anything wrong in the stables}'' I asked. No answer—so sound. For the first time a chill sense of something ex traordinary crept over me. I hurried into bed and tried to persuade myself that' I must be unusually imaginative, and eofell into a doze. In the morning I slept so much longer than oeusl that my house maid, fearing I was ill, came to ask if I would take my breakfast in my room. I dressed hurriedly, and had just finished the meal when an elder servant came to me, evidently in great agitation. " What is it P" I cra<*, conscious of some disaster, my thoughts instantly turning to my dear brother or the siEters who were so far away. "Mr. S., miss," said the maid. "Mr.S.; what of him?" I asked, vary much relieved. If my darlings were all safe that was enough. "He was found dead in his bed this morning, miss, and his sister has sent the man servant with a note for you." I was, I believe, more shocked than pained—that is, if, at the distance of some years, I may be trusted to analyse what my feelings were at that juncture. Mechanically I tore open the envelope, and read as follows:— " Dear Miss.—l am sure you will grieve with we when you hear my dear brother is no more. I lett him last night, thinking him much better; going to his room, at a quarter to 7 this morning 1 found him quite dead. The doctor says he must have ex pired about 3 o'clock a-m. A little note, which I understood to have come from you early in the evening, and which when read he asked me to put in a drawer on the opposite side of his chamber, was dis covered in his dead hand. How he con trived to get it—who had not from weak ness been able to lift his head from the pillow—l cannot telL That letter I ask I your permission to keep, and so remain yours in deep grief, ■." That is the story just as it all happened ever so many years ago. I should like to find some solution to the mystery, bat I never shall now, and my first ghostly ex perience has been my last. Ido not deny the existence of spiritual phenomena, neither do I believe in it. I only quote the immortal bard, and say and think—" There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy." 