The Storyteller. The Adventures of Belby Boolger. (Written for the Queenslander. I do not give you to posterity to imitate, but an example to d[?]t[?]r. JUNIUS, Latter XIL. PART I.—CHAPTER I. BY [?] And may you better reck the rede Than even did the adviser. BURNS. FRANCIS LORD BAOON says that so pleasure is comparable to the standing on to* vantage ground of Troth ; which is just what the writer of this veritable history claims to do—every event recorded ia thete pages haa actually hsppesad, either to peraonal friends or persons w*U knows to the writer, the name alone being fictitious. What's in a name ? Certes, the name was sot given to him at the baptismal foot—if he was there be never recollected the fact; and none of hi« anoeatora—for he had ancestors—bad ever borne such an apellation.. Nor is the name manufactured for the nonoe; it was his just as much as Us peonliar patronymic, which it is needless to introduce here. Suffice it tosey that he aoqaired the .name at the school which he— we will not say frequented, lor his absences, whenever he could make au excuse, were frequent—but at which he attended, and was acquired in quite an accidental manner. He was known far and wide better by it than the name he could legally claim—whether his school* fellows saw some hidden fitness in the name or not we do not know. Boolger, as he will be known for the future, was a stout burly lad, about 4fL Win. at the time this story opens, with light brown hair, eyes of an indistinct hue, generally called oat's eyes, a good set of mestU eators, and hia years—as the French say—be had seventeen years of age. Hia father had been a soldier brave and bad retired on his laurels and half pay; which waa just genteel starvation. Boolger, however, did not inherit the martial taste of his sire, and when he left the local sohool the old man was unable to push him in the world. Having paid pretty highly for his son's education, he of course eoneluded it had been as good.a one as he could give him ', but he, 8., would have cat a serry figure is competition with scholars from our primary schools. Now he entered the service of an apothecary of the town, who by transposing his aame was fami* liarly called Standup Straight—or, shortly, "Old Straight." Boolger used to say he was straight in his name and narrow in Ms? Waya«-»-la the com* missariat line. Still Boolger grew and thrived, and was familiarly known as "the young doctor" by the old women and. boys, who did not know any better, poor things, than to call an apothe cary a doctor; and in the capacity of yonng gentleman assistant, as in these days be would be designated, he was oocupied one morning in the arduous and necessary occupation of, dusting up and getting things " ship-shape," as he called it —for dwelling in* seaport town he had imbibed the usual quantity of seafaring slang—when an old woman who followed the oooupation of nurse, and in that capacity had been instrumental in ushering into existence sundry additions to the population, and alia performing the last offices for those who were taking their departure for the unknown, land whenoe there is do return, rushed into the shop and sainted him thos :— "Arrah, young doctor, for the lave of the saints give me something for a poor mas that's taken very bad down the street hare." : ■ " Where is hef" said Boolger, assy mini an im portant look, in as near an imitation of bk boss as he could. " What is the matter with him ?" " Oh, sorra a one o' me knows ; there's some thing the matter wid his inside.'* '■' , Boolger held a consultation, resolved himself into a oommittee of the whole for a few moment* as to the advisability of calling the head of the establishment, but as it waa a cold morning and still early—a little after 6—and as the amiable individual rejoicing in the name of Straight was of an irascible turn of mind, and not accustomed to hesitate as to the nature of the first missile that came to his hand on occasions, he decided to act in aooordanoe with the proverb, " Let sleep ing dogs lie," which happily expressed his private sentiments towards the head of the establish ment, and proceeded to act on hia own hook. He was in great doubt as to what he should pre scribe, as the statement of the person's ailments was somewhat vague ; also, there was an uncer tainty about the recompense being forthcoming: He dared not leave the premises to visit the sufferer, but, having drawn from Mrs. Cook that the man was endeavoring to get rid of something whioh was- annoying him internally, his eye lit on the tartar emetic, and he forthwith provided Mary with a dose, with strict injunctions as to the manner of administering it; and resuming his work presently forgot the occurrence. In due time the master made bis appearance in a gorgeous dressing-gown, and betook himself to his desk to write; and there was alienee, save the scratching of his pen, for some time ; Boolger knowing from old experience that until the lion had been fed he was, to say the least, dangerous. The silence was broken at length by the advent of a small crowd of boys and girls and men, at the head of whom was Mary, with something held in her apron with both hands, and a run-* ning fire of ejaculations commenoed : " Qlory be to God r' " Jim, did you see it t" " Whst is it like, Mary ?" " 0 praises, Kitty, is it alive T" and so forth. Straight looked np. " William, see what these people want," said he. No sooner had Boolger opened the half-door of the shop than he felt what he could only ima gine to be the paws of a bear about his neck, almost strangling him, while the owner of the paws poured forth a string of tbaoks and praises in Irish, which as far as Boolger's understanding was oonoerned might as well have been bad Hebrew or worse Greek. "What the diekins is the matter with you V, gasped he. - '■• , ? An answer came from the crowd r ''Mm. Cook, air; Mary Cook, doctor ; she has it, M Hu what f roand Boolgar. " Oh, U* thing, your honour—the baste. Show it to his honour, Mary." Hie crowd wen making aoeh a row—half-a dosen speaking together—that Boolger thought hu wit* were going. Old Straight's Toioe re oalledthem: "William, what ia the matter?' "I—l don't know, air. They say Mary Cook hM a something in her apron, and there's a big countryman halt choking me ; that's all I know about it." " Bring the woman in and ahut the door " — which waa effected. "Now, my good woman, wUtfw the matter?" "Ah then, your honour, I dunno, bat I believe it's a "drooktheen." "A what?" 4<Adrookth«en." " What, in the name of all that'a useful, what is this droo—druk—what do you call it ? What is the thing, William?" Boolger thought it sounded very like Greek as far as his recollection served, but not being sure held his tongue, Then it occurred to him that the shortest way of finding out was to examine thk strange beast—if it were a beast "Now, Mary," said he, wwhere's this thing—what's its name?" Sure, it's here in my apron." « Well, show h to us." But Mary did not see why she should have the trouble and risk of catching the " baste," and wanted to make her own terms ; yet her awe of the imposing- looking person in front of her cheeked her, and while she was hesitating—not as to what would be a fair thing, but how much she dared ask—Boolger, who was apprehensive of an outbreak on the part of the superior authority, whispered: MMary, shewit to us and I'll stand a ■hilling." Mary hesitated ; the morning was raw; she was weary—had been sitting up all night with a poor woman who was "that way, poor thing;" she was in want of her morning gists of porter wid a stick in it; so—aft <r s long prologue con osrning how she happened to be passing, and how she saw the man trying to turn his inside oat, sad how she came for the medicine to the young doctor, although where the man was was nearer Dr. Rone's (now this wss decidedly crafty on the part of Mrs. Cook, for Dr. Rone was the rival apothecary, and she saw by Straight's faoe she had made a hit), Ac., &c;—a treaty was finally concluded that she was to deposit the baste in a basin whioh Boolger tendered, and to receive two shillings of good and lawful money of Ireland; she knew nothing about Great Britain, and eared less. Now the doctors both old and young had no idea of what the baste, ss Mary called it, was Uke ; the name conveyed no meaning to them— it might be an octopus or a polypus or anything else as far as the hard name went; so amid great expectation she deposited the fearful monster in the basin, whioh on minute inspection turned out to be a shell-less snail about 4in. long. The countryman was then called in, and subjected to an wtroinirfjfln, which as he knew very little Saxon, and Mary was by no means perfect in her Irish, wss considerably prolonged. The sum and substance of the matter was that he had to be up early to bring a load of hay to market, and so did not go to bed; that he slept on some hay in the barn, and more he did not know, only that he was " mighty oneasy in his innards," and on coming into town had a drop which made him sick—a thing evidently beyond his comprehen sion—snd was at the last gasp when Mary gave him the drink whioh caused the eviction of the unwelcome teuant before them. Mary received her money, and incontinently went off to invest a part of it in her "morning," taking her countryman with her to share the draught The creature was put in a bottle and had his "morn ing" in the shape of some spirit yin, alias spirits of wine. A big label was put on the bottle, and the whole was exhibited in the window to ad miring crowds. "Taken raoH thb Btomaob or a Max. Bt J. Stawd-uf-Swajoht," Or words to that effect The crowd seeing the man come out with Mary followed to hear the particulars, which, sssisted by her " drain," she gave them with little em bsUishmsnts of her own, gently insinuating that if ah* had not providentially been passing by at the time, and been pretty quick about her means of relief, the thing might have been the death of the poor man ; her version being received with faith, which found utterance now and then in emulations of " Oyeh i see that now ;" " The poor man, the Lord be good to us;" 4c, there being only one dissentient, a man of a specula tive turn of mind, who wanted to know " How the biases it got into the man ?" * Why, you great omadhawn," came the answer, " it orep down his throat" " Bedad maybe so. Beg shay gomach moishin —I wonder what had he for supper ?" As no one essayed to enlighten him, he shut up and departed. The news wss all over the town in a IHtle time, and so many versions were given of it, and Mary's share in the affair and the young doctor's were so mixed up, that it became a matter of faith with three parts *f the population that Boolger had cut the man open, taken out the I "baste," snd mended the hole as well as the I doctor himself could have done. (Doctor in this instance having reference to a regular M.D., ! F.R.8., who was in practice in the town, whose acquaintance the reader may make as we go on.) In consequence of ail this talk Boolger became a public character, quite » hero. Of coarse he did not contradict any rumour which tended to glorify himself. He began to feel himself a man of some importance, and was so confused by the congratulations he received thst a hasy idea was generated in his brain that be really had done something out of the common ; in fact performed an operation, assisted by nature of course. Did not the best physicians allow that theyoould only assist nature ? Pity 'tis the number is so smalL Quacks think they can renew evea the cellular tiasue—whatever that is. Boolger felt that he was a different man now; the delicate apprecia tion had raised bis self-esteem ; he was disposed to question old Straight's authority—only he was not quite prepared yet He continued to have enlarged ideas of his standing and importance, and consequently took more care of his personal appearance, impelled thereto by the hardly-veiled flatteries of girU who wanted to make interest for tick for a bottle of hair- oil or a bottle of scent, and lads on the same lay for a cigar now and then. He adorned himself to snoh a degree that envious people used to say he looked as smart as a "rat of the mala gender going to a christening." The history of the individual who witnessed the expedition is lost in obscurity—there is nothing for it but current report; and as everybody says it—and what everybody says must be true—no further authority U required on the subject. Boolger, being at that time a lad of nineteen, thought that as he was already becoming famous this would be an auspicious occasion to make some progress in his love- suit He had been " carrying on," as h« delicately phrased it, with a fair damsel the daughter of a baker in the town. Her name was Annie, and, as the readers will learn, the fact of her father being a baker led to some important results. She bad hair of a hue which she described as a golden auburn, but the rude, rude boys called her " Carrot*," and hurt her feelings thereby. Boolger ad« dressed himself to prosecute bis suit with ardour and with success. Who could resist a young doctor, especially one who was so nice and so clever—and had such lovely scent ? In the course of his reading, which he fondly imagined to have been extensive, he imbibed the impression that to prosper with women—especi ally with young women—one must be a bit of a a roue", for which the qualifications wen the being able to drink, smoke, and play. Fighting he thought had gone somewhat out of fashion, and from his experience of the contact of old Straight's missiles with his cranium he rather thought he could dispense with that part of his education. He began to stay out late of nights, making his exit after old Straight had betaken himself to slumber; used to have sundry whiskies during the day, till he became pretty well inured to drink, and did not find it very bard work after all. He had never phyed at any game but Spoiled Fives, and then only for a "dandy" a game, or a "gounbeen" of tobacco. In his efforts to learn " play" he found it a very expensive sort of thing, so he fell back on smoking, which was rather a gentlemanly diversion when the cigars were not too strong and the pocket»money not spent He had established commercial relations, as he phrased it, with a young lady who served in a tobacconist's shop, and was sure of tick for a week. As Annie's mamma—for she bad one, though the old lady has been passed over so unoere* moniously—objected to both of his innocent amusements be was obliged to be careful when be paid bis devoirs. Now it so happened that the premises next to the baker's were occupied by a grocer, who also sold whisky—not on the sly; be had a license, and moreover it was drunk on the premises—as many of bis customers used to be; and the door of the room in whioh the worshippers of Bacchus met opened on to Church-street, which went in a westerly direction till it out Noeel's Terrace. Directly opposite to the end of the street were the churchyard gates of iron, crowned with a spiked frame. We say gates, for there were two, separated from each other by a narrow lane. This description is necessary that the reader may understand what follows. The upper gate opened into the churchyard. Just inside the gate the road divided into two paths surrouDding the church. On the right hand side dose to the vestry was an old square tower —hundreds of years old—which had seen some rough usage in the wars of ancient days, but was at the time of the story used as a belfry. It happened on one Saturday night, after he had bid good-night to his charmer, that he turned into Martin's the grocer's to moisten bis clay, and meeting some people whom he knew he succeeded so well in bis purpose as to become pretty drunk by 9 o'clock. Some soldiers from the barracks were drinking in the room, and, offence being taken at some observation of Boolger's, a row ensued, either side being nothing loth, whioh ended in one of the soldiers being felled with the leg of a stool and left for dead. An alarm being raised that the patrol was in sight, which came round to pick up all the men who were not in barracks when tattoo sounded, there was a sudden clearance of the inmates of the drinking shop. Boolger, who hardly knew what he was doing, rushed up the street before mentioned, and, hearing the cries of the soldiers, made for the church gate and commenoed to climb over. The soldiers who were in chase, getting sight of him, came on as fast as possible, but Boolger was over when they arrived and running up the lane. He did not like to enter the churchyard, which, being in Ireland, was as » matter of course haunted —or believed to be so, which came to the same thing. The soldiers, not caring to climb the gate, despatched one of their number to the sexton's for the keys; and as Boolger from a corner of the upper gate had them in full view—there being a gas lamp a little distance down the street—he waited until be saw that the gate was opened, and then Iran along the right-band path. The soldiers having the key were not far behind him, ao feeling him* self hard pressed, and having no wish to be spitted like a lark with a bayonet, he made for the space between the old tower and the church. The belfry door was open, so he ran towards it, and was just in the act of stooping to enter the low-arched door when right in front of him he saw two balls of fire gleaming brightly. He dared not retrace his steps; he knew by the cries that the soldiers were on him; there was nothing for it but to enter and lie quiet. But the awiul glaring eyes in front terrified him sorely, and all the stories he had ever beard of the appearances which were said to have been witnessed in the place occurred to him to further disturb him. A* he pressed on some thing struck him on the breast Putting up his hand be found it was the bell rope, which had a knot on the end. Becoming every moment more sober, he felt with his hands, and coming in con tact with something hairy he was convinced that there was no ghostly visitant to contend with, the previous occupant of the chamber being an old goat whioh had the run of the churchyard. Boolger lay still for some time, until hearing no noise be crept out and found that the soldiers were retiring. The immediate danger being over, one would have thought he would hare made the beat of Us way oat of the churchyard; bat the devil of fan which gets possession of an Irishman entered into him. He waited until he judged the enemy was dean gone ; then he returned to the belfry, and taking his silk handkerchief he tied it to the rope above the knot, and fastened it to the goat's horns in such a manner that the goat could only ■tend on his hind-legs ; having done which he went his way. He had hardly reached the gate when the goat, feeling his position tiresome, began to buck and jump about, which set the beU going at a fearful rate. It was a large bell, and might be heard miles away. When tired of bis exertions the goat would stand quiet for a little time, and then commence again. Boolger made his way along the back street till, seeing them was a sufficient crowd to give him shelter, ha joined the press, and of course was just as anxious as any of them to know what the row was about In a short time a couple of thousand people had collected, some of them only half dressed, and the mayor had been also summoned. The first thought had been that the town was in flames; but no sign of fire was to be detected, and no reason could be assigned but that the Evil Cine in person was in the belfry ; which re commended itself as the most reasonable solution of the puzzle. The crowd went as far as the churchyard gate, but no further—not a foot Not a man would stir for some time; at last two men were shamed into action, bat they had not gone far when the bell, which had been silent for a little, rang out such a dreadful peal that they turned tail and ran back to the crowd. Several attempts were made with the same result Now in going up the path to the vestry it was necessary to pass the grave of an old surgeon, who had been a y«rj bad liver, and was said to have amassed his money by piracy. No grass ever grew on his grave, and it was generally be- Heved that it was "Ould Watkins" who was at the belL Having been a grim-looking old man, and the terror of all the youth of the neighbor hood in his life, his ghost was given credit for the possession of a double portion of the living mans malignity. This operated on those who ware rash enough to attempt the passage, as it was just when they got opposite the grave that th* peals were most furious—because the goat could hear the footsteps. At length the mayor offered £6 to any one who would pat an end to th* suspense by seeing what was actually the cause of the row. Boolger, who had kept very quiet on the skirt of the crowd, being in dread lest some one of Us fellow roisterers might be among them, at last presented himself and volunteered ; but as be thought if he was too quick about it he might excite a suspicion as to his being concerned in the matter he made on* or two false starts ; bat b* was plentifully encouraged by those who wan not inclined to go themselves. "Go on, alannah ; sure he won't hart you," said someone in th* crowd—though why he pnssß—d any immunity from "Ould Watkins" Was hard to oonoeive unless it wen on the ■rounds of being in the poisoning profession. However, he went on to the belfry at last, and then th* moat dreadful peal of all that had been beard previously nag out "Oh God ! be good to him; th* ould villain is strangling him ;" M Do ye hear that f" and sundry exclamations of • like kind bant from the crowd, whose fears wen very soon allayed when Boolger made his appearance, leading the unfortunate goat with Ms* band, while in th* other he held about a foot of the bell-rope which he had out off in order to give effect to his story. Naturally in telling his tale he did not omit any little points to give it mon effect, and hfa description of th* fiery eyes ■taring on him from the doorway told on the audienoe. He merely showed the rope, and said that th* goat had stuck his horn in the strands above the knot and could not get dear. Roars of laughter followed on the circulation of the tidings that after all it was only Ould Fookes's goat that was in it. But Boolger became still mon raised in the estimation of th* public than before. He, to do him justice, did not fed very comfortable until he beard that th* soldier had recovered and been taken to barracks, as he was only "kilt" [to n oovmnvKD y 