ST. PATRICKS NIGHT WITH THE LOXDON COMEDY COMPANY. The announcement of a special programme drew a large audience to the Theatre Royal last night. A Hibernian flavour prevailed in gallery, stalls, and Dit. as in the nbVvhill. Thn latter promised us ' the great sensational Irish drama I entitled 'Kathleen Mavourneen.' ' and a farcical loperetta, 'The Two Postboys.' When the 'curtain rose ou a cottage interior, a good old farmer was discovered together with his charming though virtuous daughter, and when, moreover, that good old farmer's flyaway young landlord appealed, and became incontinently smitten with the charming, &c;, daughter; and iwhen also a thick-headed peasant lover in addi tion pervaded the scene, and being informed, or jfinding out for himself, how the Young landlord kforesaid had made love and given presents to Ibis sweetheart— why, then, we resigned our selves to fate, and concluded the management, having mounted the piece pour la circonstance, had better be content witn tho money gained, nor expect anything but the tartest criticism. Our feelings experienced a sudden shock when tbe first act drop descended on the heroine (Kathleen O'Connor) quietly sleeping with her head resting against the kitchen table, mani festly disposed to slumber, because tbe voice of her true love (Terence O'More) plaintively drones ''Kathleen Mavourneen' outside. Ail was ready for tbe 'situation,' the moon beamed through a lattice-window, red fire gleamed from the hearth, all was silent now for a murder, or a ghost, or a fire! But nothing whatever happened which could not be accounted for by any known law of great sensational dramatic construction. Then, in act number two, be apparently found that tbe young landlord (Bernard Kavanagh), having gone through the ceremony of a mock-marriage with Kathleen, and becoming short of cash, bad determined to really marry some complaisant heiress. About this time Mr. Beverley (Billy Button Cap) developed unex pected talents in the direction of low comedy, and Miss Taylor (Kitty Lavery) helped him considerably. What these two had to do with the great sensational Irish drama was and is a mystery. Bernard Kavanagh persuaded Mr. Gates (who appeared in Angus McAllister's mcustacbe as Captain Clearfield) to tell Kath leen that she is not hi* wife at all at all ; but when the cruel husband repeats the statement and Kathleen falls swooning, Father O'Oassidy (Mr. Shepherd) steps forward and notifies Ber nard by asserting that instead of any mock marriage having been consummated he (the Father) had taken the place of the vaga bond clerical impersonator, tbeconsequence being that Bernard Kavanagh and Kathleen O'Connor are legally man and wife. Then we felt re lieved. Horrors accumulated quickly. Bernard, resolved to be rid of his wife, makes the acquaintance of Mr. J. H. Rainford, who is none other than our old friend Grazebrook turned loose in Ireland, and become so intensely practical a cutthroat that he is prepared to murder a whole country for no larger amount than Bernard gives him to make away with poor Kathleen. The cast-off Terence O'More makes his appearance hereabout, and we learn mat ue cuuveiueuuy ' ruua a wnisny still at the lonely spot fixed on for Kath leen's murder. Bernard ingeniously manages to experience a carriage accident at this place. Kathleen appears ; so do the first, second, and third murderers. Bernard leaves her, and the murderers immediately attack her. She straggles vigorously, knocks several of them down, shrieks for assistance. Terence deserts his whisky, descends a rather impracticable rope, and, of course, rescues her. Bernard returns to know if the deed is done. There has been mutual recognition between Kathleen and Terence, and when the cruel husband, mistaking Terence for a murderer, accosts him there is a dreadful struggle, during which, to the best of our belief, Bernard discharges a pistol at Terence's head. The bullet meeting unexpected resistance, rebounds and shoots Ber nard. This ends the third act. Next, we saw that Terence was in prison and sentenced to death for having caused Bernard's decease. Kathleen visits him ; so does Father O'Oassidy. The bell tolls, and the agonized parting of two faithful hearts winds up a harrowing front scene. Next we expect to see Terence on the gallows, and Kathleen left sweetheartless. The scene opens— hey ! presto ' we have ' walked backward' like my Lord Hamlet's crab, and got into the first act again. Yes; there is the peasant interior, with Kathleen asleep on the table. She wakes. Do we dream-' Has she dreamt? So it appears. Acts two, three, and part of four were nothing but dreaming. The false marriage, the repudiation, the murder, the rescue were each and all dreams. When Terence comes in and Kathleen says ' Yes,' and when Bernard Kavanagh eaters and being fairly bantered oat of his dishonourable fancy, abaolutely gives the happy conple a farm and belongings, the puzzled audierice begin to see that the whole affair is a huge joke. The green curtain falls amid peals of laughter, every person present gratified to find that he or she is the victim of a deliberate dramatic pleasantry. Would that all 'great sensational Irish dramas' ended thus sensibly. The 'Two Postboys'' (Messrs. Beverley and Cates) are so ranch alike that one is mistaken for tbe other throughout the merry trine thus named. Hence occur a most amusing series of erabroglios, wherein we get some sweet singing from Jdiss Alma Santon, and gain additional knowledge of Miss Annie Taylor's irresistible humour. The same bill will be presented to night. ? Oddfeixcwseip.— On Wednesday evening Mr. Pritehard, secretary of the Adelaide Lodge of Oddfellows, was presented with a purse of 40 sovereigns by a few cf his friends and some of tbe brethren of the Lodge on the eve of his de parture for England. Mr. Pritchard has been in the colony for 42 years, and is recognised to be one cf the fathers of Oddfellowghtp. Since he ? has taken the position of Becretary to the Lsdge every confidence fcas been placed in him, and he has carried onthu duties to the entire satisfaction of the brethren. One of the reasons which prompted the gift was that Mr. Pritchard might while in England visit various towns to see the working of Oddfellowihip there, so that oa his return he could relate hi3 experiences. There was not sufficient time for the Lodge to take the matter of the presentation up, or it might have been of a more extensive nature. Mr. Hagh Fraser, M.P., in presenting the purse to Mr. Pritchard made a felicitous speech, and the K cipient's health was drunk with cheering. 