DIVINE ILLUMINATION. . " BT THU llET. EïlNEST VVILBEßFOBCa., ; ¡"To tarn thom from durknoBa to light." '". ACTS xxvi. 18. .".'.vV For us, aa well IIB tor St. Paul, vroro theBo word« spoken. For us, in theao far days did that vision of exoeodins brillianoy appear, whish put to shams tho light oven of the mid-day eastern Bun; and fox our Bakes, aa woll aa his, were thoso words spoken, by whioh tho whole curront of his lifo was ohanged. aud an entirely new future oponad out beforo him. Mark wkat that future waa to be. Tho oponinar ot oyes, tho turning of people that sat in darkness from darkness to licht. 1 say theao worda spoken from behind tho veil by tho oaptain of our salvation, have a direct and distinct roferonoo to us, and thia in mort) ways than ono. Kioinembar, firnt, how remarkably light ia used eise» where inttio Bibleas asymbolandatypoof God. From tho time when first tho creative voioa of God is heard Bounding throngh the darltnosinf ohaoe, from tho time when first tho " Spirit of God movod upon theface.of tho waters," calling light into existenco, down almost to tho conoluding words on tho last pago ot' tho Book of Revelation, tho symbolical meanings and uses of light aro soattered broadoast over tho aaorod page. Called first out of the darkness that broodod and hung over chaos, we ooo light porieotod at last in the city of God on high whore tho servants of God and of the Lamb shall know no night, neither shall they nosd any candió nor light ef the sun, for their light shall prooeod from tho presence of God Himself, and * the Lord God," wo read, " shall gil o them light." L9t na marir these words. They contain, in brio?, the history of tho soul of Gvery man who attains finally to salvation, llcrn in darkness, it is necea* nary that a light from Heaven should shine into a man's soul before ho caa bo made fit toontor in through the gates into the cii.y, or bo worthy to staiid in ' ta» presonoe ot' Aixuighty God. Sae if it bo not so in our oaeo, my brethren. Wo are baptised in tho ohuroh as infants ; we are subjected to tho quickening in flu onoes of God the Holy Ghost working in that ohuroh j yot, as a rule, time elapsos before tho soul is brought from darkness to light. As a rule, thoro ia'an inter- val of time before tlioro oomca the conscious solf- sur* render to God whioh ha« to be mado by every soul whioh attains lo light; and oven tho light generally ia but broken and somewhat clouded in thia world, strive and etruggle as wo may, and so some lose heart, some faint by tho way, partly through tho mia« conception of tho nature of the combat in whioh thoy aro en jagod, and entirely forgetful of tho fact that tho darkest, dreariest hours aro those that immediately precedo tho dawn of day, but in truth herald.forth tho immediate coming of tho light. Now, it will greatly aid us to understand the mean* ing of those wo. d3 in my text, and their probable working cut in tba souls of man, if we romembei what a stra.ns;o contradiction the naturo of mau is. Consider, first, my brethron, tho utter insignificance of man. And it ia net, 1 think, & pleasant considera- tion to U3 who 00 love ourselves, who hug ourselves in onoh'a fulness of aolf-lovo, ar.d BO otton deceive ourselves'in tho mook humility of a proud self-con- sciousness. Yet conBidor how insignificant a thing a man .is ! Remember that passionate utterance ol King David in the 39ih Psalm, when, afto^- trying in vain to keep silence at tho sight of tho pro? urity of the wioked, the iii o at length blazes forth, au- ho speaks with his tonguo. How does ho there dááor-be aman? He, that groat king who, from kjepiug sheep, had como at length to rulo over tho groat people, Israel, and had paaaad through snoh strange vicissitudes of lifo himaolf 1 Mark what his estimate of man is. Ho desc:ibes a man in this world as but an imago-but aa a shadow walking about, Bohold, he Bays, thou hast mada my days but aa hand* breadths, and my [lifo-tima is UB nothingness before thoe, only in utter vanity is a man constituted, only aa a shadow does a man walk about ? Truly a hum* pjing pictnro of lifo.-a'jd ono not hur/.iedls ?^a.to'jjqd over or painted by tho hand bl a noviçô, ouï raine? onébaí'cfnlly delfnbátedby the hand of'a'ni&Bler;'wôlJ acquainted with ilia subject and apt and roady to give full expression to hie meaning, by whom all the sha* dows are duly lilied up and tho liirhta aro only thrown on tho proper objeota. A humbling picture, showingf ÜB that, with all his intoltact and. power,'man walka hero below but as a shadow or a somblanoe, as some . unsubstantial form going to and fro in tho land of darkness. But ho continue", " Only for vanity are they all in turmoil; mau disqniototh himself in vaia." Surely thia, too, is true. Mark how the world olosoa up ita ranks and forgets whon ono of these shadows passos'away and is neon no more. Ä man drops down from somo important placo into the gravo i does tho world pause even for a moment? Nay. it rolla on just the samo, crying out, porhaps, that tho Vacancy may be filled lost it should bo incommoded by the vaoanoy : but it is vt:ry swift to forgot, and it - pcBaeasoB a memory of a most eminently convenient oharactor. Surely ii is in vain that a man diequieta himsolf j in vain that ho labours and toil« for otaars i vain that ho wearies his soul or apando tho vory life- blood of his heart in tho servioo of othora. Ho will be misunderstood, misrepresented while ho has lifo, and still moro when ho is dead, by thoso whom ho seeks most truly to Borve, and thou, whon ho is dead, men will forgot him. Y/ill they pause from their Gating and their drinking, from thoir marrying and their diving in marriago, booaupo thoro is ono shadow the loss amonßßt them ? Ho'j thoy will soothe thoir fool« ings, perhaps, by the erootion of como costly inonu« mûnt; bat thoy will forget. Toa, r,»7 rrothor, ia it not truo, this insignificance of man? If you, yourself, woro to dio this night, would thora bo muoh stir for; you in tho world at large ? Thoro would, probably^ boBomo hoarta passionately sobbing out their grief whoro nono but God could soe. There would bo>a paragraph, going tho round of tho newspapers, longer or Bhortor acoording to your prominence in lifo; and" then? Why, thon anothor Bhadow would strnegle np mto your placo, and would hold it until for it, too, tho raoo bocamo too swift and tho struggle too in« tense, and, with onfooblod powers and weariod limbs it would tall lîown beneath tho foot of others, and ita place in turn again so filled. " What is your lifer" asks St. James j and Ibo, too. anawors tho question; " It ia even aa a vapour that appeaittb, fox & Httl« tim«« wwi tuen TA»i»hoth away. I And thon, on tho othor hand, conaidor tho contra- diction of all thia in tho dignity of man in tho tre- mendous ieouoB of life, in tho raine of eneh separate i soul for whioh tho biassed God ohed His blood on tho cross. Consider that. Though from ono point of View-and that a truo point-man is but a shadow Which so easily departoth, yet what a foreshadowing of futurity thero is in tho highor p<u-tg of man ! What -, iinystorioua powers mau ûntia in himself ! Whatloaaons »re taught us by tho marvellous oapaoities whioh a ïnun is consoioua .of co existing within htm aelf from timo to timo, powern and capa IV «itios whioh he cannot fully understand and whioh are not ovon at all timos fully undor his control, and yot aro possessed of a power and a strength whioh, at limos, positively startle him? Aro these to bo lost when a man paaaos heneo ? Aro they ito parish when tho body coaaesto act, and, cold and Stiff, it is laid iu tao grave ? Oj, will they not rather thou be quickened into lifo a thousand-fold when tho height ot' tho flesh dropa off. and they shall find their legitimate development in thu upnitual world be- yond? It matters littlo which of these capacities or powers wo look into : they all toaoh U3 the samo les aon. Look at memory. Or, look at that impalpable . thing wo calla soul. Without;ontoring uponany defini- tion of that mysterious power or existence, we oanyot loam many lessons from it. Wo learn that thoro is within us, BO to spoak, an exictenco which shull live . .consciously throughout all tho a^CB of eternity, and, . ,in this lifo, ia only very partially in our power ; bnt 'within na thoro ia n apiritual lifo whioh can bo os cvltod or debased, conformed maro to tho likeness of God or moro to tho imago of catan, accordiug to our -, behaviour in this world and tho measaro of grace given . to us, and our uso or abuse of that grace. And what O Btudy is this ! Modern linguists tell us that there ia a root connection between tho words SOUL and SKA. And tboro oortainly io a wonrisrful likoness botr/eou theso two in othor ways. Finding a common origin as to theso worda, the powers thoy signify bear a strong resemblance both in timoa of tranquility and . in those of,great disquietude. Sso how Doth havo tho power bf reflecting imagos oa^t upon them in . times of poaoo. How, on Booie day, you will BOO tho aca giving baolc tho shane of tho oliit'a or ahoren by whioh it io borderod, just au in tho tiaio of inward peaoo tho eonl reflects throughout tho notions and virtues-tho good itflaoncos exerted upon it from without. Then BOO tho riainir of the ocean when tho . -winds of God blow upon it ! Tho staggering to and r. fro of the ßhipa upon it3 bosom ! Listen to tho thun- der of .ita angry wrath as it beats upon some wild and rook-bound coast. So mark tho passing over the soul.of tho wines oE God-tho passing over the soul of tho wind of strong temptation, agitating it to , ita very dopths by tho conflict between tho Iuat of gratification by sin aud tho desiro to hold it fast by .God. .Oh, see it tossing in some great tempest of sor .' row-all its ! i>: mer joy turned iutobittotnesn, seeking ? - peaoo and finding none-nono, at least, in tho things of this worM. Oh, noe tho breath of God paaaimj n" over tho soul gently, just milling tho Eurfaco wliioh would otherwise bo too oven, «nd BO bo in danger of stagnation-calling up into emotions of love to God . ; or of joy, stirring it up to frosh r.ots of devotion, and . gloater oarnustnoss in HÍ3 aorvioes, jast aa you have aeon the light air turn all tho surface of tho sea into : , crisp whito waves which Beera to laugh and to danoo i ander somo summer sun. It would bo easy to follow out thia part of tho subject further, or to show moro at longfch what marvellous contradictions thorq are . in the nature of every man ; but I will ask yon who thor, being so constituted, it is atranco if thoro be found times of darknoss and timos of light, if there . .ehouldbo timos whou sorrow lives in tho heart, when \- nn agony that ia-all now to tho poor tried heart cornea . sweeping down upon it, when thu loneliness in . oreases, whou ono by one, tho dearest go boforo, and . whon all tho light seems to be gono out of tho lifo? \- Or, again, is it straogo if thero should bo timon of . . light and joy and poaco, times of high hopes, of groat ..présent enjoyment and happy on-lookings into the future? Nay, it would bo strargo if thero woro not thoso. And mark, my brethren, how thoy do but foroahadow that groat chango spokon of iu tho words of my text-that chaiijjo of heart whioh all must linow .. yrho would ovor seo God in poano. Men toll us that tho ago of miracles ia paasod. It may bo so ; and yot I kuow no work of greater wondor than tho chango of a heart sot on tho world, or on aolf, or on anything rathor than God, to tho eonscienoo Booking aftor God, and tho kuowledgo of all the peaoo that comes from suoh a chango. Why ia it that so many go on through their lives, without, pcrhap?, committing any great ein, and yet all tho timo with a restless, uncomfortable feeling that they aro not right with G-od? It Í3 beoauso this blessed light ia not theirs ; becauso tho great chango from davkno33 to light haB not boon mado tu thoir caso. And, again, lot mo .ask, why thoro aro so many who thua walk on Btill in darkncBa P Ono reason ia thia-bocauso they oannot bear to bo shown tho darknes of thoir formor lifo, beoauso they oannot boar tho humiliation of kevin? thoir mifltakes, their wrong doings pointed ont to them, ovon though it bo by tho finger of Almighty God Himself. For, you know, thero waB something very humbling to St. Paul when ho Hound that tho whoío current of bia formor oarnestlife waa wrong, and that ho had to bo gin it all ovor begin, and tnat on now first princi- ples. And yet, mon will not boar that now. And BO yon seo mon brought np in tho strictest aect of tho jphariaoo, witha cnt-ard-dry form, which they dignify by tho nnmo of religion, which ia moat intensely Pharasaical in ita exclusiveness aud most terribly destructivo in its ßolfishni'ss. Mark noch an ono when tho true light ol' God bogiria, for the first timo, to break upon hi.n ; whoa, for tho firat time, he be- gins to understand that ho has boon mistaken ; when he soes ail that ho has hitharto considorod liaht, fado away into tho doopost shadow, and that shadow mado darker by tho brilliancy of tho light by which it is now oonfrontod; whon, for tho first timo, thero io consciously turned upon him tho oyo of God, so resist- less in its omniscience, so inevitable in ita omcipro acnoo. Seo him whou somo iilneE3 has laid him low, and in his weakness ho has cried to tho God of stroncth, ami his prayer has been hoard. Soo liim when tho watovr, cf ailliution seem to havo burst all their barriers and to havo oomo surging round him Ii ko tho dark waters of p.omo gres.t Hood at niorht, and in his almost denpair.ho tums in reality to Tho Cru oificd, and has beon mot with a tondor look of lovo whioh is borne deep down into kia soul. ' Mark tho coming ot that- soul from darkuoss to light, aa, almost blinded by tho agony ol' that blessed pain, ho begins to gropo his w.iy along au unacoua tomod path. Or nen tho mm who hnc lived far from <3od whon tho ploadinguoi God tho Holy Ghost have begun to prevail with him ; whou tho light from Heaven has bojjun to shine into his soul. What reve- lation of his former self ho neos whon, by tho aid of that light, ho looks iuto tho inner maîi, -whou ho sooa those dark recessen of ibo heart wiicro tho foul thoughts brood, thoso pecrot chambers where lay hid tho onvy, tho hatred, thc malice, thc clistonc« of which ho would noarcely acknowledge, oven to him Bolf before Just aa ono ray of light, penetrating into a darkouod room, cibowa us oountloso partición moving and turning thomsolvcu in tho air, co doea the manboqir. to roaliBothoprnscnoo, in bis heart, of j, ountleoB forme and germs of evil. Seo tho light of .God.Bcarohinsr them ont, aa, like foul things that creep and flutter in aomo darksome cave bcforo tho light of a tor oh, they begin to movo and to show thomsolvoo to tho man's astonished eyes ! Ho ona eoarooly boliove that thoao chambers aro BO terribly tenantorl j and ho eries aloud, in tho anguish of hin soul, " Cloaiiso then me from .my aoorot faults." My brothron, is thero no!; a;i illumination of tho heart for which wo all should crave? Is thoro not Ono, gontlo ia ot-acech, tender in manaor, loving in heart, who has declared Himself tho onlightonor of all that coma to Him ? lt matters not to what stage of the rpiritnal lifo wa havo yet attained ; wo ¡ill .need that ligh t to guido us ovor " moro and moro unto tho porfect day." Lot uotycnr by year co by and find us listening to tho aamo words, and yat no farther from tho old darkness, aud no nsarerto tho Moaned light. If wo need inducements for exertion, lot tho contra- dictions of our own nature preach to us ; for what aro thoao indeed, but tho brokon raye of a light whioh once burnod steadily-the imperfect reflaehions of a onoo perfect nature, linking us s.t once to tho old Paradise of lidan and to thc now Paradise beyond tho gravo and gato of drath ? Ho wo need helps to main- tain tho strife? Let us remember how God is watching us ; how He ia narking our upward struggles. Lit us remember how we are wounding , H.ra by our eins, persecuting Him by our quarrels, diatressing Him by our backbitings and our groat oold- hoartadnesa. ! Seek to submit yourself to tho drawings of God the Holy Ghost at all times, and do ¡¡not bo content with that, Lotus hoover brincini tho inner man into tho light bf God's commauds by tho power of self ex- amination, seeing how our moro concealed parts bea* inspection in that light, bringing our moat sottlod oonviotiona in lifo, our most cherished hopes, to that light, as well s,s onr sino and our sorrows and our shortcomings. Oh, be not afraid of it. Shrink not from tho sorrow or tho anguish it may oauso you. It will bo a far losa sorrow, a muoh smaller ancuiah than that which will heroaftor bo felt br those who have to mourn ovor tho irretrievable results of a quito mistaken life. Laying asido thoao thinga which arc behind, lot na Bock to follow tho Lamb whither Ho pooth, for wo know that it ia Ho which hath promieod " Ho that followoth Mo shall have tho light of lifo." Fear not if that light socin to bc long in coming. Fear not if tho darknorjB Eooms to thicken round you ; if you, at times, have to Gook tho help of others to load you by the hand. For tho words of God aro true, and, in Hia timo, tho light will oomo, and Ho will, in His time, enlighten tho soul of ovary oarnoat fol- lower. For some, the way muy be dark and long ; for others, shortor and lighter and moro'enriched with comfort ; and yot tho God of truth ia tho ulti- mate and aura reward of all, and " Ho ia faithful which promised." Let us bo over striving manfully towarda that light ; and then, though at times storms may beat UDOU us, yet for ns, too, at length thero will come tho rift in tho clouds aa in us, too, tho grand old words find their accomplishment, *' It shall come to pass that at eventide it shall bo light." 