THE DRY-AS-DUST CLUB PAPERS. [By Me. Piuladelphus Pehh, Hojt. Sec. D.D.O.] No. IXVI.-THS ANCIENT ORDSR OF DRUIDS. Last Monday was a general holiday, bein^ the birthday of Prince Alfred. I had arranged to have no work to do at the offise, and sat at the breakfast table with my cup of coffee, and the Register open before ma liks any ordiasry mortal who had had nothing to do with getting together the morning's budget of nesvs. I proposed having a day at the Exhibition with the ohildren, after spending a couple of hoars at|home in the enjoymsnt of the delicious luxury of doing nothing. Being an esoaomist by profession I naturally began speculating oa the connection between a public holiday and the wealth of the community. I took oat my pencil and began to soribble some figares on the eiga of my newspaper. "What are yoa. about, Philadelphas?" caidmywife, "youare as taciturn as a Quaker. Can't you let your paper rest till after breakfast?" "My dear," said I. "I was calculating the profit and loss of a publio holiday. Fiut en the side of loss I was patting down 'he \alae cf a day's labour. If I take, as a gues?, th 1 working population of this colony to be 80,003, esoluding wives of coatsa, whoie work c'oej EOi count, and if I suppose that 50.0C8 of those will keep holiday, and if I tike 8s. per day as the average valu3 of their labour, it is an easy matter to calculate the cost of a holiday. This I have put down at £20,000. To this I must add" At this point iu my calculation I was cut short by an eager remonstrance on the part of my wife not to spoil her holiday, bus I was not going to be beaten, so I nent on, " to this I must; add one day's interest on the capital invested in all manufactories and warehouse .stocks, and some allowance for the immense accumulations in the Banks lying idle for a whole day, all which at a very low estimate will certainly amount to as much as the valae of a day'd labour, and will mike togethar the pecuniary cost of a public holiday somewhere about £40,000." " What a dreadful calamity a pablic holiday is," said my wife with a touch of sarcasm. " I think yon ought to'go off to the efficeas a daty to the nation." I was about ta reply when one of my boys, who ia of an inquisitive turn of mind, and who had been reading the amusement column in the Register, said that there was to be a grand turn out of the Draida, and that a procession of tr&msars; full of Drnids was to start from town at ten o'clock, and asked me to come to the corner of the street on the Parade and see it pass. He made ^an irreverent remark about how funny it would be to see a tramcar filled on the top and in the in3ide with a lot of ghosts with long beards, looking as if they were all going to bed instead of a picnic. The result of this appeal was that I began my holiday by taking my young folks to a convenient corner of Norwood Parade, where we watched with eager anticipation for the appearance of the promised procession of tramcars freighted with the whiterobed members of the Ancient Order of Druids. Ere while it came in sight preceded by a noisy band on the roof of the foremost car, but the mystic brothers had nothing to distinguish them from Jones the blacksmith, and Smith the carpenter, except a few embroidered collars. White robes and beards were doubtless too palpable an anachronism to be tolerated on the Kensington Oval, and so they were left behind. The disappointment of the expectant gazers was deep and angry, and did not pass away for a long time. My own thoughts took another turn. I began to speculate on the carious love for titles and symbolic dresses and aprons and scarfs and such like millinery which pervades all ranks of society, and also on the enormous vala9 of Friendly Societies as a means of increasing the national wealth and fostering the domestic prosperity of the people. The former line of thought I leave to my masonic and ecclesiastical friends to carry oat, the latter being more in my line I wish to follow es a holiday pastime. Whes I got home from the exciting spectacle of the Drnids' procession, I went into my library and began to explore its recondite recesses for information. I found in one of my books an epitome of a huge report which occupied more than a dozen blue books, which was drawn up by an Imperial Commission on the working of Friendly Societies in England. Herein are to be found some account of Oddfellows, Drnids, Foresters, Bechabites, Oddsisters, Loyal Orange* men, Pursuers of Peace, &c.;, &c.; These Societies are divided into 13 classes, and by their mutual tuccesues are a noble tribnte to the power of a benevolent .conscience as a hidden forca in the national life of England. Since the beginning of this century |no fewer than 47,909 Societies have been registered in Great Britain, of these only 11,282 furnished retnrnB in 1876 —the year to which these figures apply. These bad 3,404,187 members, and £9,336,946 funds. Twenty-two Societies returned over 10,000 members each, nine over 30,000; while one Society (The Royal Liver Society) returned 682,371 members. These facts and figares are eloqaent on behalf of the self-restraint and provident carefulness of the British woiking men. Tbey give the other side to the bill of costs which the common habit of drinking entails on the British nation. I was net, however, content with getting figures aboat these saving Societies in England. I wanted to find ont something about their work and progress in Australia. I remembered how I had once been witness 'of a grand procession of Druids is Melbourne when the ghostly brethren in all their archaic regalia marched with banner and bngle and fife to the Bichmond Park, and I turned to Hayter, the Victorian Statist, for information. From him I learned that in that colony there were in 1869 no fewer than 766 Societies, with a membership of 45,933. Thia !b a great number out of such a population as Victoria possesses, but I shook my head when I found that in 1875 the number of members was 45,920. Only an increase of 13 members in five years! This does not say mach in favour of protection making Victoria a paradise for the working man! These Societies find their chief field of [operation among the working classes, and ought to grow steadily with the increase of population and of wealth, bat there has been little or no growth in their numbers and their income nnder the fostering influence of a protective policy. Still, it is a noticeable faot, of which Victoria may be proud, that in 1879 the amount to the credit of benefit fands was £392,343, and to the credit of incidental funds £20,489, while the amount invested is pat down as £386,134. Whatever helps a nation to save is a pablic benefit. It enriches the individual household. It promotes comfort and peace, and it augments the sum total of that capital, which is the wages fond oat of which labour is paid. With these two lines of thought at work in my mind I set off with my family to the Exhibition. The place was crowded to excess. I soon forgot everything save the business immediately in hand, which was piloting my domestic train throngh the opposing crowd. It was indeed severe and serious exercise. I had little time or opportunity for seeing anything. I saw Dr. Dry- as-Dust not far off struggling to find his way to the door. I nodded to him my greetings, but could not get near him. I thought .of returning home after the conflict had lasted about two hoars, and breathed a little more freely 'as we threaded the line of rival orators who were waxing not only eloqaent but hoarse over the charms and attractions of the "Mammoth Ox," the " Missing Link," and the " Iron Man." ,We came to the gate, whare we were stopped by the agent of ELM. Customs, whose attention was attracted by a parcel which my wife was carrying, and on which possibly bo duty had been paid. When, however, he fonnd that it was only a sixpenny Japanese toy he let us pass, and we came home having spent a " frolicsome" holiday. 