Would you iikd^to'bej&aved; ? OUB JUSTIFICATION. By thb Bbt.-W- P. Maotiy, M.A.. : ■ I ones tried to put the way to be saved before • tittle girlwho w&awishicgto; know about it, and Ithiukitehowed her the gospel to the saving of her soul, .' How many people were oruoifled on Cal vary?' • 'Three,she-replied. 'Two thieves, and Jasns'between.' •Were both the thieves equally badP' . ' Yes, they suffered justly.' .. 'Did both die alike?' •No.' •'. What made the difference P' : ' One believed on Jesus, the other did not.' '.Now what about sin with regard to those I three f The one thief tbat did. not' look to Christ; had.he sin in him ?' 'Yes.' ; ■ ' Bad he sin on him ?' •Yes." ' And Christ, had He sin in Him ?' —.She thought a- little, but she answered rightly, 'No.' (He was holy, harmless, no epeek ever defiled Him, He oould touch lepers and still be clean), v ' Had He sin on Him ?' Yes.' - • His own P" 'No.' ■ ■ ■ " The thief that looked to Christ, had he sin inbim afterhe looked ?'!'"! : 'Yes.' •! :?*.;• r■. ,r ...:;••: 'Had he sin on him f . 'No.' ...This Cross stilly divides the- .world. We are all-sinners, as were'bath the' thieves. On one side are saved, sinners, on the other unsaved sinners. On the one side are those who'believe God that Christ is for i them ; on . the other, those who. do not. On the one side are those who have.sin in them/but'no sin on them, be-, oanse tbey have left it ou thespotleasBin- bearer; on the other, those who have sin both in thorn and on them.. And all the people in the world dih as those, two thieves did. None even "died, or ever will' die, without >«in] ta: them, "'The. name of every man when h'o dies will be shiner. The name of each man was thief to the very last breath ;'but. one' 'died a saved thief, the other died an unsaved thief/ The ono set of men die saved sinners, the other unsaved sinners. The one die with sin on them, eihking th m down to an awful hell; the other die with no sin on them, and are 'for everwitbithe Lord.' ' Now, will you not be eaved f ' How can I f' 'Simply look.' ' V " . i ' ' Bnt I have often tried to look, and' I have often tried.to bring before, my mind a picture of Jesua hanging on the cross for me.' / 'Now, that ia not the way at all: a vision of Christ on the cross, or a dream, or a thought, is not whatGod gives. Sappose. I was laid on my death-bed to night, and,aa I lay, tba devil came]to me,'and told me that I was not saved; suppose .I said to him," Some time ago I had a*, vision of Christ, hanging on the orosa for me." 1 " Ah !" he would say, " that.was a delusion I brought before your,eyes to deceive you." '".Well, but I dreamt one night that Christ came close to me, and said, ' Thou art mine.'" ■ '" It was all a delusion." ■ ' '" I had a thought one day: it just flashed aoross me all at onoe, that I was saved." '."Only.a delusion." And I could not answer the accusing deoeiver. But I will tell yon what will pnt him to flight. I take my Biblo and 1 say, " God says that He gays me Christ." - : '"How. do yon know that Christ is for .von?" : . " Beosuse God says that He so loved the world that He gave His only begqtten Sou." ■ <<• But do you think that so great a sinner as you can be saved by simply accepting Christ as God's gift?" . '"Yes; for God says, • He thatbelieveth on the Bon hath everlasting life.'" And the devil, oould eay nothing; for it is written, " They overoarae him by the blood of the Lamb and the word of their testimony." You see 1 would never dare to bring before him what 1 felt oc what ideas hadcrossed my mind, but simply and solely what God says. This is look ing to—tbis is seeing Christ in the Word of U«d.' . a '.Will you not be,washed in His blood, and be made for ever clean P' ' But how oan IP What do yon mean by His blood P I have often hoard about it, and have ofton tried, while lying on my bed, to bring be fore mv eyes the .sight of HiB blood flowing from His wounded hands and feet, and from His pioroed side' . 'Now this is another mistake: blood is a figure for life taken. Seeing, the blood means believing God about tba-death of His son, instead of your death. Being satisfied with Christ's death in the room of yours, this is be ing gashed in the blood. Yousee no real blood, ( nor.yllion, nor pioture of blood; bat in; that blessed,JJook of God. you read, He was wounded for our (faith eayatny) transgressions,;' He vyaa bruised for our iniquities, the ohaatiie. meat of our pesos was upon Him, and with Hit I ■tripos wo are healed.',' ,(ta. liii. 6.) This' is (Being tha blood.'" ■ 1 ' Will yon not oaae to p irlst P' ' Bat how can IP I hare read in .the Bible that He said/"Gome nnto Me. all je that ' labour and are heavy laden, and I will give yon rest," and I have often wished. I had been on earth when He'was here—wished; I. had seen Him pass my door; I would have watched Him, an t have run to Him and touched His garment But He is in heaven, and how can I come to Him f ■ : * Now God has most beautifully explained this; for wo have not to go hp to heaven (Rom x. 6) to bring Him •' down, nor to go to tin; grave to bring Him rip; but He 'ie 'risen '.'and gone to heaven,-and He has left His Word, in : which alone He can now be found.- This Word may be in yonr hands and in -your memory;' that Word which the Holy Ghost has written; and ii now urging you to balievo, that God so': iloved you as to give His' Son for-you: Ho iH 'asking:-yon inithat Word to accept His gift.' This is J Oomingto Christ.' Now that He is in !heaven, His Spirit and His-Word,—His! Word• from His lips, and His Spirit in;-through, and' with the Word, are all that are left; and will these not satisfy ?," Have yon never thought .that if- you, eaw. your nam i .written in the heavens; or, 00 the sea-shore, and you knew, 'that it had.been traced-by.God's finger, yon; iwould'not believe that yon were saved; bnt do you think that God ;will make another and speqial. revelation for you ? No, no—you "most' jost .take salvation! as all the rest of as poor, sinners, have takon it, by, believing the one Book.' - ' Bnt have I not to wait God's time?' ' '" : «Sod has only one time—that is, to day. I read of to-morrow, in the ' Bible. Pharoah wished.Qie frogs taken from htm, but—to-mor row. ' To-moirow'ia mah'e time Now, to day ia God's. If yon came to a stream, would yon' eifdown and say; T will wait till it flows past and when it is dry, then I will cross ? Men are not'each fools. God is waiting:on-you. He is callingyou. He is beseeching yon; and this is His one request, Take my Son whom I have given. -He eries to every accountable and rational' soul -in this world/ Will you havo Him?' ■ : 'i : ' Oh, if I could feel'a something in me telling me that Ohrist was mine, I would believe it.' j ' Quite wrong again. It ia believing some thing outside yon; trnsting Him at God's right' hand, laud resting on His sure, eternal. Word.' I "Hut must I.not repent.' ;•: : ' • Host certainly; but this beautiful, oompre hehsive, and scriptural word has been so abused that it is . almost dangerous- to use it to en anxious soul.' - MoBt . unsaved people think that by repentanoe is meant bringing to God a' cer tain amount of sorrow for sin, quite undefined asto quantity or quality, for which God-will justify: them: This is the worst phase of' legalism. The word "repentance covers much. Its first step is when the sinner obtainB " a true sense of his eiu," that is to say, he accepts God's estimate of hit sin-rather than his own estimate. He takes the lost Bumer-V plaoe, aocepts the character that God has given; him. The next step is'" the apprehension of the mercy- of God in Christ." He a'qeepts, the provision that- God has; made, J and how, ' being a saved man; he is a godly man, and thns can have-godly sorrow. All'the sorrow that a man has before'he appro - hends the mercy of God in Christ is mere sor row at the prospect of being ponished for sin. Godly'Borrow is on account of the sinfulness of : situ, Therefore, after a -man apprehends the | meroy of God in Christ, he then " doth' with Cf and hatred of his sin torn from it nnto ,. with full purpose of and endeavour after now obedience." Huoh is scripntnral repent ance, which has become so distorted by'reaaoa ing man.' : Ton will not throw tbis aside, will yon; and' say, I like it, or I do .not like it ?- The poor sinner, saved by the graoe of God; who writes to you, cannot save yon, nor can any man. Tell God what yod are to do; tell God that He loves yon/tell Sod that you trust Him ; tell God that you believe Him; tell God that He has given you.His Son; tell God that you be lieve that also; tell God that He laid all your sins-upon Christ: toll God that you believe they were ou Him/ and therefore are nnt on you; telTGod yon have gone astray,: but that you believe Him that your iniquity; was laid' - on Christ. Thank God for a finished salvation in Christ..- Tell Him.how well pleased Ho is with the Lord Jeans instead: . of you; tell Him that you are . " ' A poor tinner and nothing at all, > But Christ the Lord Is your all in all.' '■ Hay God Himself show yod, for Hie name's sake, His simple GoBpel of Christ for you. A beloved brother said, when coming out of the ! darkness of self, 1 It is" the' simplicity ; that: stumbles me.' It is too good news to' bo true.' Tes, if man were in it; but it is not too good when we consider with what a God we have to do. Tou see God can overlook nothing. He ran forgive anything. He can by-no means dear the guilty. • He ran take us out of the guilty Adam standing, and put us into a; new, a resurreotion Christ,standing. He can save to the uttermost the blackest, vilest sinner that accnpts (a mply accepts) His gift/Christ.. Will you not roceivo Him P' Ton may be in poverty;' iu nakedness, in misery, butGod presents you with His Son.He might have created a world for every one of us; but that would havn been nothing compared with what He has given— the Lord Jesus Christ Tou may havo great difficulty-here to make ends meet, but having Ohrist it will bo all the hell you will ever be in. Tou may have every oomfort, and bo altogether moral and good as far as man oan judge, up right and. religious, but without -Christ this will be all the heaven you will ever have Religiousness, goodness, kindness, beueficeuoe, uprightness, amiability, will,not save you. Acceptance of God's gift alone will do so. Now, what is it to be, ere we part, perhaps never to converse again for ever—God'a sitnplo gospel for the meanest, poorest, weakest rapacity, so that even a fool may embrace it; or man's ways, follies, pleasures, religion, .world? Christ is offered to all. Some .will acoeptHim, and some will rofuse. Tou make God'a liar if you refuse Him. Youimake yourself a liar, and- God true, .'if yon accept U m. Borne may know all about Christ the gilt of God presented-to'; them/and -yet' uot know HiuMelf, V5Ri itrual life to know Him.' By nofc receiving Him,trample underfoot the blood of-tho lifa-'giiifi^^Mncey. Others receive him and thank God for Hirio »nd+ are saved. * .4 "v." *T — May tho blcssod Spirit,-the. wltnesfler ol Chrifit, open the oyee of every reader^fco seaHfnv incline every fellow-sinner to believe- God^ani accept His gift 'r .. Call your heart a liar, nnd believe tbe^oord" •if the onlv living and true God. ' ' ■} Thoro a nothing to do, for being born ' dead/ : . • > <Y<m must havo another to work in your stead; '' : . Christ Jeauj. in Calvary'* terrible hour. UoBdoao all tho work la sach marvellous pow$r, . • That, raised from the dodd. Ho now offers to jron '• Life, pardon; salvation, and nothing todol iNo.notbingto do.till you're saved from your sin*, .When the power of doing good onl? bogins. : 