OUR VICTORIAN LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, April 2. We are just furnishing fresh proof of the fact that it is impossible for an evil to exist in as community without sending its roots far and deep, and that such roots ramify in propotion to tbe length of time that the evil it suffered. I have had occasion from time to time to advert to the remote but incidental effects of the Kelly episode. When we are to see the last of those effects it would be difficult to gay, but it is quite clearthattheeGdTvillbotbejustyet. A board has been appointed by the Government to enquire into the whole of that business for the purpose if pouible of locating the blame which hai been freely bandied from one to another, and to maks each redistributions in the police force as may be seen to be necessary. Several sittings have been held, and some of the chief officers have been under examination. Charges andcounter-charges, criminations &gd; recriminations, have been mads with most diverting liberality, and this at least has already emerged, that the force has for some time past been a very hotbed at head quarters of jealousy, mistrust, and ill-feeling. Oaptain Standuh, who has just been relieved from bJr dnties as Chief Commissioner, made the most' positive statements respecting the incapacity and absurd onfitness of his temporary snooeassr, Mr. Superintendent Nicolson, who in turn mya that his chief officer treated him with neglect, contempt, and resentment. Inspector O'Connor, who came from Queensland with a company of black trackers, has been unfortunate enough also to fall under tbe disfavor of Captain Staa disb, hot he repudiates the statements which are made in his disparagement, and at the same time recriminates with, very great spirit, declaring boldly that he was obstructed and thwarted by the former chief of police, and that there sever was a time when he and bis men were not prepared to go to the front. Mr. Nicolson and he are in tbe same boat, and are quite agreed in their mutual con demnation of Captain Standisb, bnt there is * plain social reason for their reciprocal aym patfcy. They have married into the sama family. Nicolson gave huge offence to his chief come time ago by securing for him«p)f_ through Parliamentary influence, the new and encroaching title of •• Assistant-Con miseiocer." The late Mr. John Thomas Smith, sometimes known as the Dick Wbittington of Melbourne, on tbe ground of having been six time* elected Mayor of Melbourne, was father-in-law of Mr. Nicholson. He was member of Parliament some time pre vious to his death for West Bourke; and being a gentleman of "correct opinion*" found no great difficulty in getting his son- in-law gazetted to the nominal post referred to. Bat Mr. Smith is dead now, and Mr. Nicolson being ■without his valuable assistance behind tbe scenes may possibly fare the worse for it. Ha also is suspended from the duties of his office pending the finding of the Police Board. The coveted post of chief direction in the meantime has been conferred temporarily on Mr.Ohomley. cne of the younger superintendents of police, but a man of thorough respectability and sobriety of character. The Commissioner of Public Works may be fairly held as earning fais stipend, if men an entitled in this respect in proportion to the worry which they have to endure. I know nothing about his capacity for work—report oa that subject is silent in his case—but he muac have enough on hand just now to tax a very good average power of that sort. Origoally a bricklayer in Collingwood, he managed some years ago to pass out of the ranks of working; rcen in the ordinary cense of that term, and has for come time past been known as an auctioneer and general agent. There is a feeling that as man's capacity forbusinesaU in in verse proportion, to his talent for speech, and that a man of geniua most of necessity be a muddier in practical life. Tbe examples of Bnlwer Lytton, Lflsneli, Mr. Gladstone, and others have gone far to ahska this notion of late years, but I believe the feel ing is yet more or less general that it is aa anusual thing for a man to exhibit two different set* of faculties in an equal degree of efficiency. Judged by this rule, Mr. Langridge ought to be a very able administrator, for while be does not come exactly under the designation of "orator mum," he yet belongs to that class of Parlia mentarians -whose brilliancy lies in " of «ileoce nrather than ia coruscations of eloquence. Just now be is pestered with two main difficulties—the one relating to the Van Yean, and the other to the very common-place subject of what is technically known as the Stawell stone. An innocent friend of my own in the course of a discussion ia a huge tive assembly en the question of an inconve nient and troublesome debt which dam.^^ attention suavely contributed to the wisdom of the occasion by suggesting that in some way evident to no one but himself the debt should be allowed to "liquidate itself." This, amidst much merriment, was admitted to be by far thft best suggestion which had been made in tbe cue, the only difficulty being to find out how it could be done. If the Van Yean could be puri fied by boards, deputations, commiasio?S, official visits, reams of foolscap crowded with re perts, and recommendations of every degree, it would have been in • state too tranacea dently excellent for the ose of mortals long before this. So much has been said and so little has been done, and the time elapsing sine* tbe first discovery of its putridity is so long, that there is but little proximate hope far the Van Yean, unless it should follow the principle of my friend's recommendation and purify itoelf ! There is some hope since the cold weather baa supervened and abundant rains have fallen upon tbe ranges that this may yet be the case. Al ready there is some sensible improvement, although those who are in the habit of ante pure water would most likely reject it even in its present condition aa being unfit for ordinary human use. The only thing to be deprecated in this possibly natural solution of the case is that the question might become too easily solved, and the remedies wbieh are radically required dispensed with before the effective work is really done. I never knew a oommnnity moregeneraUysusoeptibleof moods and changes than this. Every now and again we beqoma fairly bitten with a mania which runs its ooune* subsides by the easiest possible gradations, and then expires. It is only about two yean ago that a perfect furore existsd for the removal of cemeteries to some place remote from the city. The feeling was so strong that it would brook no miscarriage or delay. The Commissioner of Public Works found it necessary for the pcuaw vation of his popularity to take some practical steps. The Government went so far aa to par chase a huge piece of land from one of their political supporters, which was speedily found to be altogether unsuitable, when another and larger estate was purchased in conformity with the whim of the time; since which the whole matter has been practically shelved, and for months past not a syllable baa been heard on the subject. That is eminently characteristic of us, and if the Van Yean will enly become a little less distinct in its malodoc ousnese it may yet run its natural course with out let or hindrance from a spent and epicurean public sentiment. This is the more likely to be. necessary inasmuch as tbe Stawell stone quet tioD, after quietly gathering force for some months, is beginning to assert itself as the ques tion of the time. The history of this question naturally enough roots itself in the protectionist polity. Hitherto we have freely imparted from New South Wales, Tasmania, and Omaru, in New Zealand, for the very obvious resons that no stone of equal quality has yet been procurable within tie colony, and that this good imported stone is so comparatively easy to work that it is oheaper to build with it than with the questionable productions of our own quarries. A contract has just been let to Mr. Amets, builder, alderman, ex-mayor, &c;, for finishing the Parliament Houses, at a cost in round numbers of £200,060. Mr. John Woods, ex-Minuter of Sail ways, more feared thanloved by tbe present Ministry, is member for Stawell. In tbe Grampians, about twenty miles from this minicg town, freestone quarries have been opened, and as Stewell is largely interested in me development of these the protectionist eenubilitie* of the colony have been operated upon for the purpose of bringing the native atone into use for the large contrast in question. The matter has been taken up not only in the House and in the country but by the press. The leading papers have sent exports, who have reported,and the reports have evinced a significant unanimity of opinion to the prejn dicTof the Stawell stoae. To carry out the Government contract with it will involve an extnV expenditure of £82,000, and it is said to be co intersected with iron marks and blots that when it is snbjected to tbe action of the weather it becomes streaky and discolored. The ques tion was more or leas a political one to begin with, and political influence v still at work, bnt the f sets which are adduced are of such a nature as to engage the attention of Parliament and induce Ministers to suspend their decision Cue tbe present. A crisis wonld seem to be almest aa indispan* ►able to us aa the head of King Charles to Mr. Diok; other communities exist and prosper in spite fcf their occasional occurrence; but wa txi*t, and in our poor way prosper by them. They are the very breath of oar life, oar folttl t?l rreron of being. We have such a smtaa quantity of dignity, and soon a snyisslwwfail cense of what we have, that we axe onwrtsntto ccming into collision not wily with oar .neigh bor* bnt with ourselves also. It . is jfnej&jak; who has bean sated with " too muchness" of the. •ame thing, that be was tired cf it all, and wanted peace and KpON ; but like all those who commit themselves to popular movements, he Imsftotmd that though he has a tolerably large power of dictation be yet is not his own matter. It is pretty well understood that he would Bave keen well content to postpone tbe question of reform indefinitely, bat he was made to understand, in certain persuasive ways, which appear to be well understood by Liberals all tie world over, that this was contrary to the programme and would not work, and accordingly be set himself to posh his Beform Bill through with all possible expedition. It is to be under* ■toed that to speak of it as kit Beform Bill is quite a misnomer. It is a baatling, whose tatter is known neither by itself nor by any living ptrsou. It is a eonooctian compounded of naLy substances and of divene condiments. It is a mosaic, the patterns for which have baen eontribnted from many guarten. It is a harle quin, the colors of which have beea thrown in by many hands. It is not the product of Whig or Tory, of Conservative or liberal, of the Melbourne dub or the Heform rVarnn. bnt it is the outccme of certain forces, sympathetic and antipathetic, which have fortuitously wrought to this event. Mr. Berry himself re cognised this when he taid, "The Bill is a com prcmiie. It is not one man's particular ideas, not it appears to be from an exhaustive cjurte the one the country desires to adopt." The Premier seemed to think it was very natural that sines it had been contributed from so many varicus sources it should be fairly representa tive of all ideas on the subject, and should , tfctrefore find general acceptance. I believe that in this respect he was not far wrong. The ! Or-peaiticn rTfi-m* that the beet parts of it wee a rehearsal of Mr. Service's measure, and the President of tbe Legislative Council avowed as one of his reasons for disallowing its intro oQction to that Chamber that it was substan tiallj the tame as the Bill which the Council had sent down for considesation, but which had been rejected by the Assembly. It must be caaf eased that tbe Bill is liberal ensugh in its way, It convuts the Council from an exclusive to a popular ssEcmblage by *wns~wijE the ratepayers' roll the election basis. Ho one opposed tLis at the firot so strenuously as Mr. Berry himself, for tbe reason, as be averred, that it would in creafe instead of diminish the power of that House, and so make it a etui mure formidab!e eompttitor of the Assembly. His nostrum, which he contended for with thorough perti nacity *od consistency until fairly driven from his gxencd. was a nominee Upper Hooae. Another chief feature in the new Bill is tbe abolition of property qualinatian fur Ktmhenbin, which will throw down the last cbttxuctire barriers to entrance. The term of ■w?n|h>f hip is restricted to six years, one-third of tbe members to retire every two years, who, hewtver, will be eligible for re- election. In addition to this the present large electorates are to be divided into single electoral provinces. Atont two mentli* ago the Council, standing npen its right to initiate any measure for its own reform, anticipated the Assembly, and sent down a Bill for its consideration. This measure was tead a first time as a mere formality, and laid aside on the vi wind that the country expected the party in power to initiate and carry throcgh a Bill which should represent the ccpular withes. Some cf the wiser and more moderate in the Assembly, by way ef reconciling opposite and fontPwHing rights, proposed that a oenferenee of tbe two Houses should be esllei for consideration of the whole subject before tbe Assembly's Bill was passed through its final stages; bnt to this tbe nnsniiisnt party would not listen, and so the radical BSI was duly passed on to the Council. Mr. Berry occupied a seat in the gallery of that Chamber when his BQI was sought to be intro duced, aid heard the President rule in explicit and emphatic terms that no such measure could be brought into that Ohsmher. for the reason chiefly, amongst others, that tbe right of reform ing the House must be initiated in the House iteelf. Me Eeed, the Government repreeenta-' trve hi the Council, waa taken thoroughly aback and stood aghast vilh diemey. The only thing that be could do was to give notice that he would tbe next day move that the Council disagrees with fbe President's ruling. Mr. Berry rushed down to his piece ia the Assembly, and with the white heat of hysteric indignation moved the instant adjournment of the Assembly, on the pound that tbe President cf the Upper House bad abruptly and discourteously barred the progress cf the Beform BUI in that Chamber, and, having a majority at his back, the adjourn ment took place accordingly. This melo dramatic line of action was no doubt intended to ffihiMf* the attorned indignation of the country. But tbe country showed very little indignation indeed. The press was almost acanisMMM in its expression of regret that a BEeasnre which promised at least a settlement of the vexed question should be throsn out on a technicality, and even those papers that maintained the right of the President to do what he had done intinosiad vtry brcadly at the same time that he was morally wrong. The Argus, TtUgraph, and other Cocaeryadve papers counselled coneee*ioo and ronrilialion, but Sir William Mitchell was not to be moved. He had taken up his position, and was strenuously and loyally supported {herein by Protestor Hearn and Sir Charles Sladen, two of the ablest eaartitatianal aathori ties in the ecuntry. Mr. Beid's motion to the effect that the House disagreed with the ruling ef tie President foond no favor. The "y^rN"? ef the Council stead by their President an saerikitiy, and Mr. Onthbert, who was prepared with the rraoiatian which had for its object the consideration of the Beform Bill on the ground of its expediency, prefaced his motetioo with the f*-*ff—*?i* tbat tbe Ccuseii agreed with the ruttng of the President in tbe ease, and that the aetian of the House in considering the Bill was one of ""nrfninn after the dignity of tbe House had been duly vindi cated. The Bill was then read for the first thnr, and is to come up for further eonaidetatioa neat week. It is supposed that it will then be amended, and tbat tbe Council will finally pro pose a conference of both Houses on tbe subject. Mr. Berry's hysteria* therefore as it has tamed out were sspezeregktary. Thelpolitkal convul sion* which were to ensue bave been averted, the crisis it is to be hoped is a crisis no longer, while tbe Upper Chamber gets credit at once for tbe proper aasfilinii of its dignity, and a p. Eexout eonenrrenee in the public wish. We bave jest been reminded in a practical way «f the manner ia which a man's life lives after bhn. It is a gnat many years since old Dr. Lang came to Sydney, and seeing tbat he lived, died, and waa buried in that colony it Bight be thought that tbe effect of bis life : in a province GCO mile* remote from the scene of hit activities would be an inappreciable quan tity. It is hardly so, however, and hereby I hangs a tale. Itiaprrtty well known by those at all acquainted wtth his history that he was notably a politicml parson. On some sabjeets ' te was the very stormy petrel of politics. More frequently than not be was a thorn in the side of the pewers tbat were. He was such an in riant quality in the Sydney Legislature and made bfoself generally so obnoxious to tie antbetitia tbat they wished htm an j where but jn tbeir midst. When this utotinee was raised to the position of an independent edooy there was same pnHpeet that be would remove bis tent to Port Philip, and it was for tbe purpose of thwarting his political influence in tbe new sommunity that frovitton was made in the Constitution Act for excluding ministers of religion from the Legis lature. This disability has been endured by the class to which it refers with an uneasy and protesting sense ef injury. The question has come op again and again as incidents have ceeurtd to quicken it, and in the House itaelf it has been tbe cause of no little contention in its application to certain individual members. During tbe last week this aggrieved sentiment took form in a meeting of ministers of the several denominations, held in tbe Ooa aiegstirnsl Hall, Buasell-strett, which was called by an advertisement bearing the names of the Beys. Messrs. Gosman, Ctapffiin and GQebrist. The meeting was attended by about thirty members of the pro fcttka. Tbe chair was taken by one of the eon- Tencrt, and several addresses were delivered in tjmptthy with the avowed object, which was to (t titicn tbe Legislative Council to excise from the raw Reform Bill the provisions which pro- LibiUd chittrrs fnm being members of that CUatfT. It ia generally understood that a rice meeting nithuut tbe inevitable dog on the eource, wbo ia sine to obtrude himself at the nsott inopp0**"*" time, is an impossibility. Into this meeting ot tbe doth an obstreperous lsjmsn bad crept for a purpose of bis own, and ween all swiued to be unanimous and every thing appeared to be proc?eding in the smoothest jgcasxfcle maxner. be put in his declaimer, dis agreed with what bad been said, thought that nimsten were called to a much higher work, and could well afford to xeUnqnaib tbe hope of parliamentary honors •cd pucroe theft special calling without dis traction. Very much of what he said, and evi dently wished fnrtber to say, was wide of tbe nark, for the question was net exactly whether it was desirable tbat ministers of religion should be active poiiHeisris, but whether any class as such shtHiid be Ttit^fr the ban of seerssion. Tbe layman in question, it mast be confessed, was ratter rambimg and incoherent, as men are liable Io become when eaued npon to exercise U6 JE**t OS opQonl ID QOSCCQSfeOmBd pistOQV* ssVQQ tbaehalrmantbpnghtHutuusisry to rule that be wssont of order m speaking, as the meeting was sneetteafry a nweting of ministers called forsdennitepurpsse. Tbe?er.Mr.James, who was present, requested tbe chairman to suspend bisTsHnf as antstterofeoarteryandtoleratiee totb* speaker, because it did not seem fitting tint* Beetiog called far tbe purpose of pro lisUb* against exehaion should itself offer an •sample ef exdosfau in its own way. The Metpof?twM sobmitted to the meeting, and ttewierttraircedtoheaT the ofter side from ttes^sjCttasasJowlvbrosbar. He bad not jriMsiil far Iwwevcf; baton ft was evident «be? «• fMag was so ■trawjiy against Uo ttsthstaUwt fmseed i*m any advantage «c Us sntM?t-if aigusasnt tt eaold Se •allei,lsrl?daswrbs>s) was as* ssaah of either *oa mm mm&tm; h w. ontie harangne. All the daily papers were repre sented at the meeting, ud ■omeof them bare seen fit to comment on the subject, admitting generally that tbe logic of tile speakers was un answerable, but stating that it yet was for many reasons deriraUe tbat the question should be left undisturbed. The religions world here has just seen an ir ruption of some evangelists from the United States of America. As usual these gentlemen are mmitters of tbe Methodist church, and ex hibit in no small degree tbe traditional aoote bcss of the Yankee. The Bey. Mr. Inksip is the leader of a band ef three, including himself, who say tbat it is their mission to awaken the slumbering churches to the higher and more vital aims of the Christian creed. He is aa elderly man of stocky build, and simple, ttiajghtforwaid, nnadarned eloquence. He commends *"i-t?'* to men of the world by his almost rustio plainness of style and shrewd common-senaa, and to those to whom he avows his mission more specially by the fervor and earnestness of his exhortations. Last Sunday he preached in Wesley Church, and that vast ; ecclesiastical void was crowded almost to suffo cation . Daily midday meetings have been held in tbe Btme plaoe throughout the week, and the attendance, though not Urge foz so Urge a place, bat been anything but meagre. There is a fourth member of of the band who ia not supposed to count, bat who does oount j nevertheless. Mrs. Inskip is a host in herself, acd can sing and exbort in a way which ought to mark her as an exception even with the Apostle Paul himself. They appear to be a band of hard and earnest workers wbo are intent on no selfish object, but whose single aim seems to be the good of tbe people. X have not yet heard whether they are to pay your colony a virit, but I should think it v quite likely they wilL The frosen meat enterprise still excise* a good deal of interest. We nave already entered en* reciprocal development of the trade, and a dinner of fish from the antipodes was served op at tbe Melbourne Club a few days ago. Your old friend, George Ooppin, who is very fishy, botb in bis and bis tastes, roalussd the protracted longing of his ardent sool, and dined off a dish of BngUsh fish. He confessed Ht?'* to be slightly disappointed, the taste was not all he bad anticipated, but whether this arose from deterioration of the fish on the voyage, or cone default in the mode of thawing, or from the exaggerated anticipation of his own Imagination be could not tell. He will nave a further cbane3 of testing this matter; the Lusitania will give him that opportunity. Toe following is a bit of history from the advertis ing columns of a newspaper:— * Kngliah fish brought out in the refrigerating chamber of the Lusitania.—Tenders, are invited fcr tbe purchase of tbe whole or any portion of the following:—Scotch salmon, 810 lbi,; turbst, 6651b5; 501e5,6561b5.; fresh haddock,7Bo lbs. Delivery to be taken on board the steamer. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. Tenders tp be sent in by 4 o'clock on Ist April, 1881\. Bright Bros. & Co., agents " Mr. Bamsay, late Chief Secretary and Minis ter of Education, recently brought in s> Bill to abolish pensions in respect to all appointments hereafter made. His measure was obstructed by Ministers on the ground that it was not suffi ciently thorough. They want a Pensions Aboli tion Bill which shall be both general and retro spective. Members on Mr. Bamsay'* aide of the House contend that pensions which have accrued are the indubitable right of .those who poseas them, ins/annch as the conditions under which they were engaged contemplated pensions ss put of the remuneration; but (he .Radicals declined to take that view of the matter, and expressed their intention, without any regard to such rights, to sweep away pensions altogether. Mr. Mclntjre now era in the seat of Mr. Service as the representative of Maldon. There were two candidates en the Conservative side, and Mr. Walker, of Toorak, waa if anything the more popular of the two, but on a reference befog made to tbe beads of the party it was decided that as Mr. Melntyre bad made many sacrifices in tbe cause, bad met with some dis appointments, and had rendered long and con sistent service, Mr. Walker should retire in his favor. Mr. Sainsbuiy, who sat in die last House for Oreswkk, was Mr, Melntyre's opponent on tie Badicsl side; bat he might have saved bis pains, since be had never the ghost of a **^?«ft. Tbe constituency is a small one. bnt tbe Con servative candidate seamed a majority of nearly 3CO persons over his opponent. 