THE MINE BY THE ttft. CteisxBt JL The little seaport town of Saintby ia built upon the shores of a natural harbour; fannf<i by a break in fte line of . rfitfa whkfastift bm few interruptions, steetch along fte north western coast of the county of Feilshire. Th whitewashed houses perched in irregular Imra upon fte steep hillsides, and Lcmg disosed foit commanding the bay, and fte chips, and fishing-smacks moored to fte quays within the harbour, gave an air of pactoresqaeBess and cheerfulness to fte town which is hardly sustained by a nearer, view of fte narrow, dingy streets, and an experience of the many mingled odahrs of the quays and beach. Yet fte little town is prosperous in its way ; a considerable trade rs done in the export of coal and iron ore from fte, mwmc mf ftg neighbourhood ; many bnato-are employed in the fishing trade; besido, fiaintby ia the market town whither fte famn of fte sur rounding district every week bring fte pro duce of the farms for sale. Immediately to fte of fiaxufty the riift make a bold sweep in a westerly direc tum, and the thug formed, on which a lighftonsn has been hft,dBaltajs spoken of by fte eoontry pi ipiuhiaha the general . nanwrof , !Bm -HM8<g3 ? on the difis recede agam airf eeenoeomaAa an end, being succeeded byaiiong stretok af very fertile level country skirting the commencement of tins plant 3a ionty'tebout five mifos ia a direct Mrefecon Baiiitby, and this configuration of fte fajrflias %xveaxise to a legend among the people fhatfte head land had once teat fton flowing over fte rite of fte present Saintby, and through the deep valley which stretches behind thedft,«id ends in fte level tract of eountiy spoken of. Saintby is a quiet, dull, little town, yet it has sighte and wonders of its own. Eta-coal | mures, sunk close to fte shore, their nnder- I groandworkings stretching fermikKlwih ! ifce bottom of fte jaea, are, ftoaghfte teabves ! do not think so, iis most And of those, the WestiaymmB, wtoft >was situated on a strip of land at fte base of the sandstone clifi, and 06 sea,, was, at the time of i>»y 4''y j t of the largest and most productive. ' f Mrs. Benson ksptfte toll-bar at Baby, a little hamlet lying Stintby to Ratingftn, town to the tooth. I «»y Mnt. TTi mf i il l i pi it, although her husband's nttwu> was pw'M above the door, but lie was now, after an ad- s venturous life as a sailor in the old iigbting | days of the navy, a crippled, bed-ridden old man, and all the work of collectipg the tolls, keeping the house bright and clean, and cul tivating the little patch of garden belonging to it, waB performed by Mrs. Benson and her daughter Agnes, a handsome, fresh- featured girl of eighteen. . x. Baby was about two miles from Samtby, and lay on the inland slope of the lime cliffs. To any one who chose to climb from the sea shore up the desolate face of those precipitous cliffs, on mounting to the summit a strangely different scene presented itself to his eyes. The hillsides, both that, on which he stood and that facing him, and separated by the j narrow valley at his feet, were covered with clustering trees and rich meadow land, and completely sheltered by the rocky barrier from all rough winds and the blighting touch of the sea foam that in the wild winter storms was often flung high up the slopes of the sea ward side. 4 Mother, here's George again !' said Agnes, one autumn evening, as she was ironing her mother's caps on a broad table beneath the cottage window, just at the moment when the shadow of a visitor on his way to the door fell over her work. 4 Come thi ways in, George — come thi ways in !' cried, in a cheery but not very musical aIJ « «« nrbi/v n AA/limiOfl 1Y? VUiUc, tuc U1U wuiiicbUj wuu wao bending over the fire in preparation of oat cakes for the family supper. She did not turn to him immediately, evidently being on too familiar terms with him for ceremony. The door opened, and with slow, slightly halting step the visitor came forward. He was a tall man, but stooped a good deal, leaning on a stick that he always carried with him ; this, with the perceptible drag of his left foot in walking, being the result of a terrible accident in the Westray mine, in which he, together with many others, had suffered. But it was also to this accident that his friendship with the Bensons was owing. About five years before, young Tom Benson, Agnes's brother, when working in the mine, was crushed to death by the fall of a huge mass of coal, and in.the attempt to rescue his friend, George Heimers — for that was his name — had also been struck, and Riiffprpd injuries from which he had never quite recovered. Ever since her Tom's death, Mrs. Benson had welcomed Heimers to the cottage, and of late he had got into the habit of coming there very frequently, under the pretext of giving Agnes writing lessons. His face was pale and thin, with no special regularity or beauty in his features, but still with something characteristic in it — a look of cleverness and power, with a curious earnest ness of manner, that made one soon forget the rough-hewn lines on his face. j He came forward into the kitchen. I 4 Well, mother !' — for ever since her son's death he called her by this name — 4 you look finely to-day, and so does Agnes. How's the old man ?' 4 Badly, George, badly enough ; them rheu matics plagues him terrible. But, hist, he hears every word in t' next room. Hast had thi supper?' 4 Nay, I want no supper, thank you all the same,' he answered, and turned towards Agnes. 4 1 came to ask if Agnes would have her lesson to-night, or would come a walk on t' cliff. It's so bonny fine with sun setting over t' sea, Agnes !' He spoke thus, leaning over the dresser, as the long table was called, at which Agnes was still continuing her ironing . operations. 4 Ay, George, tak her out — tak her out a bit, said the eld v onan. She's been that -1 1J_ - T ' i_ A. 1 ii_ J.. queer o late x canua mas out wuat s come to her. Why, what dost think ? She gave six penny change for a fourpenny bit at tow-bar this morning ; and what wi' breaking things and forgetting what a body says, she makes me clean daft sometimes. Thee tak her in the fresh air, and see if thou can brighten her .up a bit. 4 Nay, mother, there's this ironing to finish.' The girl looked round with a deep blush upon her face and a supplicating look toward her mother, but the old woman would not heed this, and Agues had to get her bonnet and shawl — for the autumn evenings were now rather chilly — and accompany George in a stroll on the cliffs. 4 You mustn't quite believe all mother says about me,' she began in a low voice, as they sauntered together up the lawn, sheltered by tall hedges rich with autumn flowers on the hillside. 4 But, George, I don't know how it is,' she added, turning with quick, impulsive gesture to him; 4 you're patient and kind, and mother — well, she's impatient and kind, and other people — they're about the same as they always were ; but things don't seem to fit in now as they used to — they don't always in this world, do they, George ?' 4 Why, what do you know about all that ?' . cried George, in honest amazement, and then he came nearer to her with an instinctive im pulse of help, though as he did this she slightly drew away from him. 4 Men's troubles and women's are not always alike,' he went on, with a softened voice ; 4 but when things go wrong with me, Agnes, I've got a hit of philosophy for them : keep on and worry them till they come right again — make them come right again. One can only do one's best; you know." There's a deal of things wrong with me just now at the pit and other places besides ; but I know this— I'll have a fight before I give in. There's the master wants money badly for his son, who's in the army, and I'll tell him that he's work ing the coal far too near the sea — that's one . thing. And .sometimes, when I'm down- spirited, I think I'll give it up and go to places where men don't work in holes in the dark, and where .there's such things as a Wli'cr lilra mo onn rml v rirAAm nf snmstimAR. StisL I'll stick to it and fight it out. But, Agnes, what troubles thee? Can I help? I'm strong enough for two, lass, and thou know'st I'll do ft U lean.' 4 Nay, George, it's only silly fancies of mine, that's all,' she said, bending over some Bowers by the wayside, and so contriving to tide her tears. 4 Things are gone a bit awry, hut perhaps they'll come straight sometime.' They had now reached the edge of the Cliff, and were leaning upon the grassy hedge that had been placed there to prevent the cattle falling over. 1 he sun was setting be hind the western sea, with all the broad crimson glories' of illumined clouds and flittering expanse of waters. Agnes had taken off her bonnet and hud it beside her. Splendidly beautiful she looked as she stood there, with long wavy hair of softest .golden, exquisitely moulded features, , and complexion bright and rosy with the hues of country life. Her girlish figure, and innocent, child-like ways almost entirely concealed a strength of will and latent passion, of which none but Heimers had as yet a suspicion. He stood by her side, while her eyes wan dered over that scene — the tranquil flashing waters stretched out before him, the glories of cloudland around and above, and the long range of scarped cliffs rising above the sea line to right and left. And then they were fixed upon her face, lit up also with that ethereal brightness from the west, and softly and slowly he spoke again : 4 Agnes, I've made up my mind to speak it out, come what may ! I'm. going to tell a bit o' my troubles that p'raps thee never guessed at. It's only ten years since I came here, and before that — well, never mind, it's all over and done for now. Things had been dif ferent with me before. I spoke different, lived different from what I do now. All at . once I found myself ruined, with my name blackened for ever, and I chose men should think me dead. I went to the pit and worked there. Tom, thy brother, was the first that showed me any kindness, then thy mother, i and then — Agnes, there was a bit or kindness VVft 4-VtTT TTAlAA OYIfll tTTO VTCf 411 T ItOfTflll frt VlGTlA iu mij Yviv/o ouu uajoj auu ww a little. And I came o' nights to the toll- bar, and the more I came the more I hoped and longed for thee. And now it's out. Agnes, cans't thou care a bit for a poor rough fel- : low like I am?' 4 Oh, George ! I never thought — of that,' .. she faltered out. 'Never thought !' said he, laying hold of her hand with passionate grasp. 4 Never thought, when I used to guide these little fingers o' winter nights in our schooling, i how I longed to seize them and tell thee all, or that when we wandered about on these : cliffs and talked o' all strange things in the j big world, I was anything more than the ; J stern old schoolmaster? Well, I was a fool, i i Curse it all!' and he stamped with sudden j j rage and impatience. j Her head was bent low, and the tears were fast falling again. 4 j 4 Agnes, dear, look up,' he went on, with a sudden change in his voice ; I see it's no use ; : ' I was a fool to think any woman could care for me again. Well, never mind. I won't trouble you in this way any. more. But, oh, I if you could only love me, child !' he broke ! out with another burst of passion. 4 1 would make you so happy — happier far than any of , ; the poor fools about here could do !' j 4 Oh, George, didn't I say it was all a mis- ' take the way things go?' she said, looking ap- pealingly into his face. 4 You were so good, i George, I never thought of that, and then — there was another, and he used to court me, though neither you nor mother knew ; and I < love him, oh, George, so much ! But I don't know how it is, things have gone wrong, and I don't know whether he cares for me now, and I'm so wretched !' Heimers was too generous to ask the name. Still, he thought he might watch over and j help her, and there was no knowing but she j might learn to love him at last. So, with 1 some hope yet left, he talked of other matters | — the fair at Saxby, the new steamer anchored | in Saintby harbour, and so on, till it was time to return to the cottage. . He would not go in that night, bat wan dered instead for many hours by the sea shore with the gently murmuring waves and the countless gleaming stars for company. nPVtAi Iya vafnynni? f a flin -mivis Bn vnca j.ugu uw acvvuucu vu vug uuug niuuu ug w an overlooking, and did not leave it till again the sun was setting on the following day. A week went past, when one night George, weary and disheartened (for things were going on very badly in the mine), strolled along the beach till he came to some seaweed-covered rocks. Lying down and resting his head upon his hand, he remained there motionless for a long time, with his eyes fixed upon the waves that in restless mood were beating upon the rocks before him. It was about 9 o'clock, and the night was now- very dark. All at once he heard footsteps approaching by the narrow path which wound along the side of the cliff at a little distance above his head. He looked up, though the darkness was too great to see any one, but at the same time he heard voices, and evidently the speakeis had stopped just above where he was lying. At the same instant, he recognised their voices. They were Agnes Benson and her cousin Jim Massey, a good-looking, hard working fellow, ignorant and thoughtless, and too fond of spending his money in public- houses, with no ambition to be anything higher in life than a working collier, but with no worse faults that Heimers knew of. It was bitter tcrture for him to listen, but he could not move from where he was with out being discovered, and he did not wish that. The lovers' quarrel had evidently been made up ; their talk was half banter and half in earnest of a happy future in which none but themselves should have a part, and George detected in the soft tones of Agnes's voice a joyous ring that he had not heard in it. Then came the sound of kisses interchanged, and still George had to listen. Then they passed away, up the hillside, m the direction of Agnes's home. George Heimers stood erect, his back against the cliffy All was still, save for the. long melanclioly cry of a sea gull that chanced to fly past him, and the hoarse sound of the waves beating at his feet with the grating rattle of the pebbles jas each spent wave drew back from the shore. The thick darkness was about him and within his soul. Terrible to him was the clamour of those waves as they rushed up the beach, and then retiring dragged with them their prey from the shore. The sound was in his ears like the riirop. of his hopes overthrown, his life drawn down ward, downward, by the waves of pitiless fate to the depths of that ocean of despair that never more gives up its dead. Chapter H. A strange sight in a coal mine. Wonder fully picturesque with its streets and lanes and alleys, its unending corridors and count less chambers of the dead. The men there, with blackened faces and scanty attire, seem of another race from those above ground, and the feeble lights gleaming in the midst of the darkness gave a weird, unreal aspect to the ssene. / The only sounds heard are those of the coal waggons slowly pushed along by boys 1 towards the mouth of the pit, and in thei nar- j row passages, where the men are at work, the j clang of their pickaxes as they cleave their I way through the great rocks of coal. Men | are not the only brings here. There are I horses that have not seen the riaylight for | many a year, to draw the waggons in the broader passages, and sometimes, if the light of the lamp is turned towards the ground, the bright little eyes of rats (how they came to that under world, I don't know) may be seen peering out of nooks among the walls. There is an almost fearful sombreness about the place. Thoughts that the daylight would at once dispel seem to haunt the air, and the voices of the men as they wander about, each one, Gideon-like, with his lamp and pickaxe, have a deeper, hollower tone than above ground. Two days had passed, and during that time a storm, long remembered on the coast, had been raging ; but the men in the mine, accus tomed as they were to hearing the roar of j the waves above their heads, paid little heed j to the increased noise. George Heimers alone ' had noticed it, and each day had spent more time than nsual in examining the supports of the roof. It was now night time, and he had been superintending some rather dangerous work in the lower levels, of blasting with gun- rtnwrtar wJiio.lv miinll aOAincf. Ilia orlvipp 7 — — — O— I the owner "had ordered. This being done, 1 leaving further orders for work with the j men, George turned away and walked alone in the direction of the pit's mouth, carrying in one hand a large canister containing the gunpowder ; in the other his lamp and the heavy stick that, on account of his lameness, was his constant companion. Even in that imperfect light it might have been seen that a great change had passed over his face ; it was haggard and pinched- looking; there was a strange restless glitter in his eyes, and now and then his lips parted with an involuntary quivering movement, j quickly pressed together again with that stern, set expression that was now habitual to them. Instead of leaving the mine, a sudden thought seemed to strike him half way. and he turned aside and entered a part of the mine long deserted on account of the danger of working too near the bottom of the sea, but which recently had been opened again ; and though George had many times warned the owner of the danger of weakening the supports of the roof, large quantities of coal had been taken from it. All was still as he advanced through- the narrow passages, but soon these widened into a more open space, and as he entered the noise of the tnmnitnous waters overheard was fearfully lond. A cold draught of air smote on him, and made him shiver. The place I was known to the colliers as the 4 Boggart's Hole,' or the 4 Ghost's Hole.' It is an im mense low-roofed hall, one of those natural j caverns that exist beneath the sea and land I and in the centre was an abyss, into whose depths no human being had ever penetrated, j The workings had been carried on along the | sides, and a rude pathway led half-way round, | abruptly stopping above the great chasm. I The poor light which George held illumined | only a narrow circle round him, but he knew I the place well, and cautiously .stepping along, reached the part where the last workings had been made, and which was so low that he conld touch with his hand the black slimy roof, to which gigantic loathsome fungi clung. As he stood there wild fancies stole over him. Loud above sounded the thunderous boom of the surf, and beneath him lay, wrapped in eternal darkness, the great mine,, stretching for miles into the depths of the earth. He seated himself on a projecting rock, the canister of powder on the ground at j his side, and the lamp held between his j knees. I What were his. thoughts just then? I know , not all — but there was otic, fiercer than the clamour of the waves above, more terrible than the abyss beneath him — be had lost all, all ! He looked back upon his life — all had gone wrong from the beginning,, and now, when at last the cup of sweetness had seemed to be so near his lips he had seen it dashed awav. He around his teeth with rase, and then his passion took another form — his ; breast heaved, and a great sobbing cry rose to his bps. 4 If she only knew how I loved her ! He love ! A moment of the love I could give her would be more than a lifetime of his; But I know that never, never — let me make an end of it. 4 Ah, and Jim Massy, too ; a light to his powder, and there'd be no victory to any one — the sea would cover us too close for that ! But the others ? 4 Pooh ! it's only dying a little sooner ; and what is life to stupid, toiling drudges bke them ?' A terrible smile passed over his face ; he placed the lamp by his side and bent over the canister. Only a light to the powder, and the rocks would be riven, and with a mighty burst the sea would rush in and whelm them all ! He took out his knife and proceeded to open the canister, which by some means had been: fastened down too tightly. But, hark ! Close behind him, just beyond the ending of the path he heard a rustling, crackling sound, then a crash, and a huge fragment of rock rolled down and he was. only just in time to leap aside before the place where he had stood was covered with shivered portions of it as it descended, and, leap ing from ledge to ledge, at last, with sullen roar, was lost in the depth below. Still, be listened, for another and more dreadful sound caught his ear — the low, swishing sound of falling water. He crept as near as he could along the narrow pathway, and as he did so his fafce ttrac cnrmlrlo/1 TOif.li flip p.nlfl snrfiv rvf. for- rent. He held out his hand, and then, touch- J his bps, tasted the water. It was salt ! I Still and breathless as a statue he stood for a moment ; the next, holding the lamp before him, he was rushing with wild, speed down j the broken pathway away from the place. As he approached the entrance he stopped, and for a moment looked around in bewilderment j —he had mistaken the road, and instead of taking that by which he had come, had fol lowed another, which abruptly stopped — a mass of coal had fallen and broken it off, ,He had no time to turn back. He threw his lamp down, and, as fortune would have it, it was riot broken, bat only fallen on one side about ten feet below ; then, drawing in his breath, he prepared for the leap. He did not know the ground— the lariip had gone out. If he leaped he might fab into some deep ' fissure ; bat there was no time to hesitate. He took the leap And fell ; the firm ground was be neath him. ' His arm was braised andhis ankle sprained, bat he hardly felt it. Bebghting his lamp, he dashed along through the narrow passages toward the main when the men were at work. At last he met a hoy slowly dragging along a small coal waggon. He caught the lad by the shoulder and shouted to him ; 4 Can you run, Will ? 4 Ay, oi,can,' answered the boy. 4 Then run your hardest, Will. Tell them in the lower main the water's coming in, and in an hour it'll ab be flooded.' 4 Fayther's there !' the boy cried, and with- | out another word rushed off. Other boys were sent to the other parts of the mine, forced by George's stern voice to obey, as he told them he would not let one man leave the pit till they were ab there. Then he waited. And if any one had seen his face as he stood alone, a strange change | would have been noticed in it. There was now a look of such triumphant gladness as for many a year had not rested there. He I stretched out his arms like one who had just I ended some weary labour. Then 'his head 1 sank on his bosom, and he muttered 4 I ( n ClfiA f .Qnvro/1 I OorrftjT I TKa« Vtnnf 1rAr»l V VWU OCHTCU i J.UUU 11001; ACpil me from it, and I may yet save them ab.' I Quickly he recovered himself, and went into a small office where he kept his books and instruments. He took from a box a small revolver and some matches, and went out again. He then set light to a heap of shavings j and dry wood lying near the door, and this ! soon blazed up, illuminating the whole place. And again he waited. Soon troop after troop of the men, flying at their utmost speed, reached the pit's mouth, and a fearful sight it was to see the struggling mass of men, each one, with maddened shouts and blows, striving to come nearer to the basket. But George Heimer's voice was heard loud above it ab : 4 The first that touches that basket before I I tell him, I'll shoot that man !' | They saw the levelled barrel of the revolver, I and drew back. J 4 Those that are married, stand here.' j And in silence the men obeyed him. He then signalled to a certain number of | them to enter the basket. Not an instant was lost, and they were hoisted out of sight. I ' T(he others strained their eyes to watch the | ascending mass, calculating how soon it I would return to rescue them. Some of the I men who had their sons with them clasped I them tight in their arms, whispering mes- ! sages to be given if thev were lost, for in nearly every case the fathers choose that the hoys should go in their place : some sank to the ground muttering prayers that they had never spoken since childhood, and others listened to George Heimers as he - told them | there was still hope if they would obey him. I Jim: Massey had been in one of the most distant workings, and was one of the last to reach the pit's mouth, and now he stood by the wall apart, with eyes bent down on some thing he held in his hand — a lock of Agnes's hair that she had given him the night before. More than half the number of men were now safe ; and the basket, whirled up by those who knew just how much depended upon their work, had just lett when George, in the calm voice with which he had spoken before, said : 4 Men, who's to go next ?' . There VIVAWA AVtltT oV\A«1 fwrawi-w 1 4" IVIOtl O VIA' 1 | nviv viiJ CIU1/UV . V1 ViiVJ' Avilff UigU CTMVJ jvUJOj I whom George had many a time helped by 1 words and deeds ; they remembered this, and j all cried at once : 4 Next turn's thine, . master j — we'll come after !' | 4 Thank you, my lads,' he answered quietly ; 4 I'm not going this time, but I want to send some one in my place. Will you let me ?' j. Not so eagerly this time — but still the I answer, 4 Ay, master !' was given, j 4 Jim, come here,' George shouted. 4 You' I take my place when it comes again. Nay, lad, 1 you must ! Bemember, Agnes wants you, Jim. I You'll be good- to her, won't ybn? And. tell 1 her sometimes the last words I tried to say j were, 44 God bless both of you !'" j Once more the basket descended, the few; that were chosen leant into it. the rone was shaken as the signal to hoist up, and. with one tight hand grip George sent Jim on his way. And as they parted Jim looked at the other's face, and never to his dying day did he forget what he saw there — the bitterness of death had passed away, and a strange peace I was shining forth from his eyes. This was the last freight. George already | had heard the distant thunder of the waters j bursting in full flood into the mine. He knew J the end was come, and when the basket was j ascending he turned away down a side pas- ; sage that he might not see the agony of the j I poor men when they found it was too late. I Just as the basket reached the level of the upper ground, where hundreds were waiting I anxiously to watch the arrival of each com pany that was saved, a tremendous black cloud rolled up the pit's mouth, bursting up I with a fearful roar high into mid air, and j when it had cleared away and the men peered down the shaft, far away in the darkness be- neath they conld hear the dash of the waves, 1 and sometimes thought they could discern j their white gleiun as they leaped up the sides I of the shaft; Jim Massey and several others 1 volunteered to go down and seek for any who I might be still struggling in the water. Ii. j was too late when they reached the place l and only a few of the dead bodies were ever j recovered. j The mine is now deserted, and its buildings | are in ruins. j Some time after the disaster a part of the | cliff above it, probably undermined by the action of the waves, fell down one stormy night, and now "there is a great cavern wan dering away in'dark passages under the cliff where part of the coal mine had been. It is easy to penetrate beneath these gloomy arches in a boat during fine weather, and many times in after days, Agnes — then a happy wife and mother — Would come there with her children on summer days, and teil them the story of how their father's life had been saved. And when she had ended and | leaned hack in the boat as they floated on through that silent gloom as of twilight, the- large tears would gather in her eyes for him i who lay in that unknown tomb of his, far be- low in some dark cavern of the sea. — Temple Bar, 