STORYTELLE R BELL THE BLACKSMITH, OK From tlie Anvil to the Bench. CHAPTER VIII. THE ABREST AND WHAT CiME OF IT. Frank Bell would not have been more amazed when Tom Lipp said, ' I have an order for your arrest,' had that person iired a pistol into his face. ' For my arrest ?' he repeated. . ' Yes ; for yonr 'rest. And the best way iB to come right along with me and make no fuss about it ; for if you should 1 nngnt nave to use tnese. ne urew a pair of handcuffs from his pocket and clinked them as if he heard music in tbe sound. ' It wouldu't look at all nice,' he added, ' if you and your brother was to walk through Truxton's Mills with these on your wrists.' ' Where is my brother? ' asked Frank. ' He is up at the house. Deputy Hodge has been a watchin' him for hours ; and tbe moment, he sees you're nabbed he'll pounce down on Mr. Gil bert,' said Tom Lipp, still jingling the handcuffs. ' Follow me to the house, sir, and we shall see about tbis,' said Frank, pale with indignation. ' Come, sir. As you value your own safety do not dare to lay a hand on me.' Tom Lipp glanced into the resolute face, muttering, as he tried to keep up with tbe long strides of his prisoner : ' Oh ! I ain't the kinder feller as crowds a mad in trouble. Ther' aint a tenderer man in the reg'iar or private detective biz than Tom Lipp. Every one as knows me will tell you tbat. Now, if you'll give me your word of honor, as one gent to another, that you won't try to light out, why, I'll put away tbe darbies ; but if you don't, Fll have to put 'em on in self defence. No one can say tbat Tom Lipp ever let a prisoner slip through bis fingers, though lots has tried to grease 'em ' Your name is Tom Lipp ?' ' The same, sir.' 'And the warrant you hold wassworn out at tbe instance of Robert Truxton?' ' Guessed right fust time,' grinned Tom Lipp. *' Very well, ' Mr. Lipp ; I have no desire to shirk any investigation that may follow ; but you are not the kind of gentleman I am accustomed to associate witb, or making promises to, so I cannot pledge you my word of honor; and you are far too shrewd a man to shake the handcuffs in my heaving again.' ' Oh, welt, if you're going to get mad about it,' said Tom Lipp, apologetically, but Frank Bell had reached tbe gale, and did not hear him, nor wait for him. Mrs. Bell and Ella Mavpell ran out to meet Frank, each asking eagerly : ' What news I What news I' ' Good news,' he replied, forgetting bis arrest for the moment. ' I passed my examination without a miss.' 'As I waB sure you would!' ex claimed Ella joyously. But Mrs. Bell's heart was too full for utterance. She threw her arms about her noble son and kissed him, and left her glad (ears on his cheek. ' Is Gilbert here i' asked Frank when they had reached the porch. His mother said Gilbert was in the house, and called him to come out. '? Robert Truxton, or his father, haB sworn out a warrant for the arrest of myself and Gilbert. But you need not fear about that, mother. We shall come out all right. This man has come for me. Frank turned to Tom Lipp, who had followed him through the gate, and saw that he was now accompanied by a taller and a younger looking man — with the stained mustacheB in which many police officers and all petty politicians, delight. 'This is Deputy Sheriff Hodge,' said Tom- Lipp, jerking his thumb over his shoulder at the associate ; ' and I'm a helping of him in this racket. Speak for yersel, Epb.' Deputy Sheriff 'Eph' Hodge must have looked upon this as a general intro-. dilution, and he evidently thought that the mention of his name and office was' calculated to cause consternation in the hearts of the people on the porch. To allay this excitement, -and to prove tbat deputy sheriffs could be at once urbane and gallant, Eph Hodge touched his hat, dexterously transferred a quid'of tobacco from his right cheek tohis left hand, and said, with the manner of a man beginnings stump speech si ' Ther' aint no 'kasey un to feel skeered of me, ladies. I'm used to these little things, but they ain't pleasant. We'll take the J&ung; gents in, and to-morrow they'll have a hearin* ; and I guessitcan be fixed up all right.- It may be a grandjury case, and it mayn't; all *11 depend on whether Mr. Robert Truxton gets over this last attack — ' ' What attack T' asked Frank, inter rupting the or&tor.; ' Then you ain't heerd it ?' said the 'surprised Eph Hodge. ' I saw my brother when he knooked down Robert Triixton, and I know that ten minutes afterwardsthe wretch was in hjs usual health.' I , ' Oh 1'' said Eph Hodge, the ? deputy, 'then you ain'X heerd that Mir. Robert* Truxton had got the relapse?' „ ' The relapse?' repeated Frank amazed at this n$wfonu' --f disease. - | ' £ Yi», wj iti tpokbim to-day At dinner [ jmS 'W&eeled; iight pyer; «JFhoTrwranta was swore out then, but I don't guess they'd a been served at all if it hadn't a been for that relapse,' said Deputy Eph Hodge, solemnly. ?' But,' interposed Mrs. Bell, who had been nervously stroking Ella's hair, 'my sons are not responsible for that. Why should you want to take them to the city ? they won't run away.' ' I must obey orders. Mr. Bell under stands that,' replied Hodge. ' Do not fear, mother,' said Frank ; we shall be back again to-night.' He took the warrants, read them, and saw that they were in proper form and technically correct. ' I suppose,' he said to Hodge, ' you will not object to my getting somethiug to eat before I leave f' ' Not if you let me Btand by. You see I can't lose sight of either of you now, without layin' myself liable. Jooty is jooty,' replied Hodge. Frank's supper — or rather his dinner, for he had not eaten Bince he break fasted in tire cottage that morning — was ready, and he aud Gilbert — preceded by Mrs. Bell and Ella, and followed by the officers — entered the cozy little dining room. Mrs. Truxton and Kate came in on hearing the loud voices, and their grief and indignation were aroused afresh when they learned that the brothers were under arrest, ' Do not fear,' whispered Ella to Frank, when they were about to leave. ' I will go up to Mr. Truxton's and get him to withdraw tbe charge.' 'Heaven bless you- for your faith and your kindness,*' said Frank in the same tone. ' This is the second time to-day you have sustained me. But do not ask a favor for me from the Truxtons. They must be conscious of the injustice they are doing me. They have precipitated on me the contest, and the first cry for quarter shall not come from my side: Remember what you once told me, ' Thrice i6 he armed who hath his quarrel just.' ' The strong words and confident manner of the young man reassured Ella, and she felt proud cf the proud spirit he mani fested, and quite confident that his was the proper course. The brothers walked down the hill be tween the officers, and there had not been such sorrow in the cottage, where their mother sat crushed and weeping, since the father and husband was borne to his long home many years before. \- The whistles and the bells announced six o'clock in Truxton's Mills just as the four men entered the one long street com prising the village. Men, women, and children swarmed out, and attracted by the appearance of the officers and tbe dejected look of their friend Frank Bell, they surrounded tbe party and forced them to stop. Rumours of the trouble at their em ployer's bouse had reached the operatives and mechanics in the employ of Truxton and Son, and without clearly understand ing the cause, there was a very general impression that Robert Truxton, or ' The Sou' as he was called among themselves, only got his deserts. 'Hello, Frank Bell, ole frien', what means all this, me lad ?' asked a stalwart middle-aged Englishman, pressing his way through the crowd and eyeing Hodge and Tom Lipp with no amiable expres sion. The officers laid their hands on their pistols, but an exhibition of the weapons at that time would have been a species of suicide. Frank Bell was about to tell Mr. Hugh Hansard, the English mechanic, the whole matter, when a man on tne out skirts of the dense crowd called out : ' Raise your voice, Mr. Frank. We all want to hear you, ole friend.' ' Aye, that we do,' went up in many cries from the people. ' And if so be, ole frien', that you'd like us to ran them two cutthroat lookin' chaps out of the town, give ihe word, and we'll give them ragged jackets if they don't show they have long logs.' ' Roger Mason speaks for me I' ' and for me !' ' and for me I' shouted a hundred men. And even the eyes of the women began to burn with dangerous fires. ' My friends,' said Frank, mounting a box, the better to see the people, ' these men are not to blame; they are only doing their duty. And you are tbe men to uphold them in tbat, let the consequences be what they may — ' A hoarse murmur, like the sound of waves, ohecked him, and drowned his voice for the moment. Then, with commendable brevity, he stated the situation, and assured the people that he -would have no trouble in proving the complete innocence of him self and brother. ' Bat ain't these men, lad, a takin' of thee to jail ?' asked Hugh Hansard. 'Yes—' -» ' Then they can't do it I' roared Roger Mason, parting the crowd and striding to | the front of the cowering officers. ' Bold, Roger, and let me explain,' urged Frank, now troubled for the safety - \- of the men who had himself and brother in custody. - There was a fierce fire in the faces of the people, and a word from him might have fanned -it into a devouring confla \- grgtion that only blood could quench. ' Frank went on and said that he would stop, as he went into the city, at his friend, Doctor .Cameron's, and 'that he was sure that .'{gentleman would accoin pany Mm and go bail for himself and brother. ? ' Then the'll be back to night?' asked' ' Hu^hHansard. ' I hope so.' i ' Isn't thee sure ?' ' ' Reasonably sure,' replied Frank. ' If thee ain't back, lad,' called out Hugh Hansard that all might hear him, ' there won't be enough bells or whistles at Truxton's Mills in the morning to call a soul of us to work I' ' Three cheers for that !' shouted Roger Mason, waving his blacksmith's cap above his head. The hundreds of men, women, and children present' joined in the cheer, and the cry rolled up the hill, beat against Thomas Truxton's mansion, and rottled the windows in Robert's room. ' See here, me man,' said a sturdy, young Irishman, laying his brawny hand in no gentle way on Tom Lipp's shoulder, ' you're the sneaking thief of the world that's been hanging round here for a month past. Now, I give you fair warnin' that if Mr. Frank ain't back here to-night I'll break every bone in your ugly body if you ever show it in this place agin.' Lipp kept his opinion of this young man to himself and prudently held his tongue. The people gathered about Frank and Gilbert and shook their bands as if they were parting with them forever ; and again the officers went on with their prisoners. Doctor Cameron's being only a mile away — and near the point where they could take a line of street cars to the city— they walked there; but the doctor was not home. To Mrs. Cameron — a most estimable lady and a prominent member of the little church in which he played the organ — Frank explained the situation, and said he must remain in jail until his friend came to bail him out, or he wos released by a trial. The good woman cheered him with her prayers, and her certainty that the doctor would soon return, though sbe s,aid he was irregular in bis comings and goings. Frank and Gilbert were taken to the station-house, but not put in cells ; the keeper said be would wait for their friend till ten o'clock, after which hour ' the judge' would be inaccessible. CHAPTER IX THE PARTICULARS OP ROBERT TRUXTOh's RELAPSE AND WHAT FOLLOWED IT. Rachel Truxton intended to have given j her brother the medicine in a glass of lemonade, before his dinner on Sunday afternoon ? but Doctor Badger put in an appearance before that hour, and, for sorae reason, told her to defer it till tho following day. Having unbounded faith in this gentleman's skill, as well &s; much respect for his taste — as he was most out spoken, yet seemingly artless, in bis flattery, she obeyed biui implicity. Doctor Badger insisted on sitting up Sunday night with his only patient — tbat is, he ordered more brandy and crushed ice, aud sugar, and repeated the revel of the previous night. I After finishing the second glass of punch, and lighting a cigar — with the consent of his patient — the doctor said, in the easy, careless way that be could bo readily assume : ' I saw Tom Lip a few hours ago. Tom is a great friend of yours, and watchful aB a hawk ; though I cannot see why the affair Bhould make him so angry.' ' 'Vliat affair ?' asked Robert Trux- ' ton, rising up on his elbow, and trying to read, through the smoke, an answer in Badger's' face. 'Oh, nothing; batons would think that tbe cunning - rascal was himself in love with the girl the made 6uch a tuss about.' ' What girl I What do you mean 9' asked Robert Truxton, as with an angry gesture he tore the brown paper mask from his face and threw it on the floor. ' Oh, bless me ; don't get so excited. You see, this is bow it was.' The doctor rose, flirted the ashes from the tip of his cigar out of tbe window, and coming back, continued : ' Tom was in tbat bit of woods up the hill to-day — communing with nature, I presume. Well, lie came upon two young acquaintances of yours, sitting at the ,foot of a wide-spreading tree, and talking what sounded to him very much like love — ' ' Who were they ?' interrupted Robert Truxton. ' Ob, you have guessed them already.' Frank Bell and Ella Marpell 1' ' The'same,' said the doctor, blowing a series of smoke-rings at the ceiling. Robert Truxton shoe out an oath and asked : ' Do you know -what hour it was ?' ' About half-past ten, Tom said.' 'By the ghost of Hector 1' cried Robert, ' she must have gone to meet him directly from this room.' ' I have not the slightest doubt of it,' said the doctor with maddening imper turbability. ' Badger ?' ' YeB, Mr. Truxton.' ' You must do me a service.' ' A thousand services, if you name them.' ' Will you bring a justice here in the morning — ^some one before whom I can swear out a warrant 1' ? ' For the arrest of Frank Bell and his brother?'. ' ' Yes.' ? ' Nothing easier.' - 'Then do it' 'It shall be promptly attended to.' ' The doctor crossed his legs, shot bis brown eye,'6ndwenton in thesame placid; tone: ' A .. 'I am amazed that a -man of your spirit, and with as much at stake - in the natter- as you havfi, ohonld Mre - £-re- mitted Frank Bell to remain so long at Truxton's Mills.' ' I'll banish bim now. I have a hold on him.' ' A strong hold ?' ' A very strong hold. I can send him to jail for years.' 'That is veiv well; but if I were treating with a bold, dangerous man like this, I think I should b» tempted to get rid of him forever.' ' How could you doit?' asked Robert Truxton, starting up. ' Oh I nothing easier.' \ ' But how V persisted Robert. I ' I cannot tell yon now. If you be longed to the brotherhood ot which Tom Lipp and I are members your oath would bind you to secrecy, and I might explain without fear. But let us drop this sub ject Tor the present. You are nervons. I will mix yon a little 'irandy, aud then you must go to sleep.' ' But what brotherhood is this ?' asked the now excited man. ' One that many good men belong to — ' ' And many bad ones, I suppose ' 'As to that I shall not attempt to judge,' said the doctor, shrngging his shoulders. . ' Can you propose me ?' ? ' I can.' ' And will you ?' ' Yes, if you say so.' ' I do say so.' ' Very well ; that is settled,' said Badger, replacing bis cigar between his lips and shaking Rolierc's hand. Mr. Thomas Truxton bad himself been a weaver, and he never got over tbe habit of early rising. He breakfasted before tbe rest of the family, and always went down to his office while the many bells were ringing and the innumerable whistles screaming at the mills. To give force to the necessity for a warrant, Robert Truxton decided to re main in bed all day Monday, so that Dr. Badger -to bis own great delight — had Miss Rachel to himself at breakfast. The doctor was on the lookout for -just such opportunities, and he determined to improve this one. If Miss Rachel got up from that table without thinking that she was ' young,' ' accomplished,' ' amazingly well pre served, considering ber cares,' ' refresh ing and artless,' 'so charmingly un worldly,' and ' one calculated to scatter joy around as the spring breezes scatter blossoms,' it was because she considered Badger a brazen liar and fulsome flatterer, or a man decidedly p repossessed in liar favor. She did not think liimadeliberate falsifier— ergo she believed that he be lieved all he had said. Such credulity may seem improbable in a woman of thirty-five, not wholly ignorant of the world and its ways. But experience shows that time doeB not give protection against the seductions of flattery, and that many women very sensible and level-headed in other matteii* ?are quite ready to believe the man who guesses their age at ten -years less than it actually is. ' I'll call again to-night,' said Doctor Badger, holding Rachel's hand unneces sarily long, when be rose to leave. ' And as Mr. Robert is a little weak this morn ing I think it wbuld be well to give him the medicine I left with him yesterday in the way I directed.' ' ' In lemonadit ?' ' In lemonade, before dinner.' ' I shall do so.' ' Now, good-bye, Miss Raoh — Miss Truxton.' The doctor gave n final pressure to her well-ringed fingers, heaved an eloquent sigh, and hurried off with the -manner of a man who was tearing himself.away by a great effort of will. Another old-time habit of Mr. Thomas Truxton's was his adherence to dinner in the middle of the day. He kept the same hours as his operatives, and it may be added that this fact kept up his popularity for years. As the dinner hour approached — the bells and whistles having sounded at the mills— Rachel appeared at her brother's bedside with a most tempting glass of lemonade. He drank it down without taking the glass from his lips ; and to his sister's great delight and her increasing admiration for Doctor Badger, he gave no sign of having detected tbe medioine in the draught. The warrant had been sworn out that morning, but Mr. Thomas Truxton, bear ing of the matter prevented its being served. ' Let us wait awhile and see what danger my son -is actually in, before we appeal to the law,' he said to Tom Lipp i and his friend Eph Hodge. Thelemonade had a most exhilarating and Tonic effect on Robeit Truxton, for to tbe delight of his father and sister, he appeared at the diuner table, and insisted on having a plate set. He ate through half the meal with what seemed a phenomenal, if not - posi tively ravenous display of appetite,- when suddenly the knife and fork dropped from his nerveless' hands and fell upon the floor. With a groan of agony his under jaw fell, his eyes glared as if .they would spring from their sockets, and he. manifested other symptoms -of being in tbe awful throes of dissolution. - With a ory of alarm his sister .sprang to his side, begging him to look up and speak to her, and Mr. Truxton, with commendable presence of mind, called in the gardner and coaehman; Robert Tf-uxton, iu the last scage^of limpness, was carried up to his bed and a messen ger dispatcbed for Doctor Badger. .' ; Tliough that gentleman said he ;wou!d. not return till evening, he was £mnd jute prepared to'atteod aoaJIi&'the middle of the. day ; indeed, he would have | been much disappoointed had not this particular call been made. He jumped into the waiting carriage and was whirled along at a gallop to the Truxton mansion. He leaped from the vehicle the moment it stopped, and dash ing through tbe open door, bounded up stairs in a way that showed amazing activity in so sto.it a mail. In tho room, and lie dashed to tbe patient's side, felt his pulse, listened to his heart, and then said solemly : ' It is the relapse, which I have been trying to keep off I' ' Can you not aid him V' asked Mr. Truxton, pleadingly. ' I can, and it is fortunate that your messenger caught mo when he did. In live minutes more I would have been on my way to fifth avenue to see a patient — nearly similar case. Man thrown from his borse — dragged by stirrups, compound fracture of right parietal bone — relieved pressuro on brain — Ah, now we shall soon have Mr. Robert* all right.' As Badger rattled on, he took a number of viuls from bis well-worn wallet, and mixed a draught in one of tbe. brandy tumblers. He then told the gardner and Mr. Truxton to bold the patients nose and pinched its purple tip till Robert opened his mouth to get breath, tben he dexterously shot the medicine down his throat,. ' Now, release him and let us see the effest,' said Badger, stepping back witb a triumphant manner. Before the medicine was administered the patient lay in state of flaccid agony ; but, wonderful to relate, the fluid had scarcely passed bis lips when a complete j change took place. For some seconds he gasped as if. he were strangling ; then his eyes filled with water, and his fingers begau to twitch and bis feet grew rest less. The medicine was like liquid fire. It went burning and tingling down to his toes. He felt in a state of instanta neous combustion. He was certainly all on fire inside. He had still his reason about him, and at that moment be re membered having read tbat when ships took fire at sea sailors battened down the tbe batches to shut our air.' It waB this memory and an awful realization of being a human volcano that induced him to shut his mouth tightly and to breathe as little as possible. After ' a time the excruciating pain passed away.- His face was beaded with the perspiiation of agony. He managed to beg for water, which the doctor gave him, well warmed up with brandy. ' Ah 1' chuckled the doctor, ' he's all right now. That medicine never fails, it goes through the body as if it had a search warrant. Now I think he will sleep. Let us go out.' As tbey were about to leave the room Robert managed to gasp : ' Serve tbe warrant?.' And they were served, as before nar rated. Mr. Thomas Truxton — as has been intimated — was not constituted for hap piness, as the world understands that word ; but from tbis it icust not be in ferred tbat he bad no capacity for en joyment The man capable of heart pain iB capable of gladness, of joy. He was now particularly wretched, and it may be Baid i n biB favcu tbat when he deliberated on tho situation he did not think bims,e1f blameless, nor bis wife and ber children wholly at tanlt. Though it was a warm night, be sat in tbe darkness of bis own room, wifli the curtains drawn, and he brooded over the situation without one ray of light piercing tbe olouds tbat envelloped him. 'From tbe world's standpoint he had been an eminently successful man. By energy, industry, and business ability of no oommon order, he, the poorly-taught son of poor parents, bad worked up from the loom to the exclusive oontrol of one of tbe first manufactnring establish ments in a land noted for its brains aod industrial enterprises. His habits bad been strictly temperate, bis whole life rigidly honest. His name was as strong on paper as the signatures to govern ment bonds. It was bis pride tbat be bad never contracted a debt, and- bis aim was to have no debts due him. Yet with this fall measure of worldly suocess, Mr. Thomas Truxton enjoyed life less than the hambtot of his Work men. Now, as the evening of bis days days drew on, he felt that he should have rest and peace,, bat bitterly- be realized the inadequacy of mere wealth to eive either. - His reveries were distnrbei by what seemed the rising wind. The branches of tbe trees were tossing outside, and a hoarse murmur went throngb tbe hous?. He rose to shot down tbe window?, and in so doing looked up. The sky was stary \- and 'oloodleBB ; be looked down at the lawn and nnder tbe treer, and the sight brought on on ague of alarm. The whole . lawn was covered, with people. Here and there ah oil. torob threw ita, glare on a 'mass of excited faces. There were men, women and children there, all speaking . in tones of suppressed intensity, all looking up at tbe faonse. ' He saw three men approaching ihe stepB, and recognised three of bis fore- j mien— Hugh Hansard, Roger Mason, ^ and the. young Irishman, Lanoy Moore. ' . He was so chained by this sight that ihe conld not more,' and . might mained indefinitely (inder .tbe/sp^l,-':had-j .not , Rachel , buret ' into &dled; 'there is ampba^^^e ixojBe?\~ As be turned to leave with Rachel, he heard bis name shouted by the people outside. Hidiog his alarm, be came oat on the piazza, and seeing Hugh Hansard near by he asked : ' What brings these people here at this time ?' ' Naught that means harm to thee or thine, sir ?' said the sturdy Englishman* Hugh Hansard ; and in proof of their de ference to his employer, he removed his hat and stood bareheaded. ' Then why does this mob com# ?' said Mr. Truxton, growing bolder. ' We're no mob, sur,'' responded Hugh Hansard, but peaceful, honest, law-abiding poople, all on us in the em ploy o' Truxton and Son. It mayn't be kuown to tboe that Frank Bell's the head o' our society ; and that we're bound to 6tan' by each other in trouble or distress, without a doin' of harm to others. We've heerd of the trouble atween Frank Bell and ' The Son,' and we thinks it should be ban's off, and let 'em settle it as atween man and man. Frank has tole us his story, and we know he wouldn't lie ; yet thee swears a warrant agin the in'cent lad, and sends him off a pris'ner.' ' And have you come here to tell mo this ?' asked Mr. Truxton, his anger rising when he saw the crowd meant bim no personal harm. ' To tell thee this, and to say without temper, tbat there ain't — a one in all the crowd thee sees afore thee as wouldn't risk life and limb for Bell the Blacksmith — and — ' A wild, prolonged, cheer from the people forced Hugh Hansard to pause, and again Mr. Truxton grew pale, and he began to tremble. Yet he managed to say when quiet was restored : ' Lei me law judge between Frank Bell and me. Wuy should you oome here ?' ' To s.ty what I've tried to say, and to add Ibis.' Again Hugh raised bis voica : ' That uatil Frank Bell iB re turned, free and unharme I, to Truxtgn'a Mills, not a man, woman, or child of ua will enter tbe factories.' ' Do you dare to threaten ?' 'No, Mr. Truxton; we be honeBt. Iftw- nbidiu' people, and make no threats. But we are free men, and so we are tbe masters of our own time. Not one o'-us 'il prevent thee from filiin' liis place.' Having said this, Hugh Hansard re placed his bat, motioned to the crowd to return, and himself formed the rear guard as tbey filed out of tbe grounds. (Vii br continued.') 