I the novelist. hf TRUST/ ctory of A lady and her the stow1 l0ver, I bi Mb&Omphant.; Chapter XXV. tacking up. . wiun a Monnt was soon tamed upaiae aown wi jU the excitement of packing. It was relief from the monotony which hangs about 8 house from which the world is shut out. and where the family life is still circling round one melancholy event. Days look like years in these circumstances ; even when the oief is of the deepest those who are left the dulled iS oThfe^"n "moUonTsince not, even the »flnir hereaved can die of grief when C S But in the case of the Hountfords Ktion was not excessive. Anne, whom her father had wronged, perhaps mourned Onfall, not because of more love, but Tm epthof nature, which could not leave C old so lightly to turn to the new and which felt more awe and reverence for those Serious changes which alter the very face S life Rose cried a great deal during the first few days, and Mrs. Mountford still went on performing little acts of devotion, going to look at her husband's portrait, and think ing of him as a mournful duty ; but there was a certain excitement of new existence in both their hearts. So long as he was there they were bound to Mount, and all the old habits of their life—indeed, never thought of break ine them, or supposed it possible they could be broken; but now they were free, and their smiles came back involuntarily as they prepared for this exciting removal, the beginning of a new life. Anne's mind was kept in a graver key by many causes. The nameleBB and causeless compunc tions, remorses, which move the sensitive spirit in profound and awe-Btricken sym pathy with the dead, were for her alone in the house. She only tormented herself with thoughts of other possibilities, of things that might have been done and were not done: of words, nay, even looks, which, had she but known how near her father was to the unseen world, might have been modified or withheld, and she only followed him, halting, uncertain, to the portals of the unBeen existence, as she had followed him to his grave. What was he doing there! a man not heavenly, with quali ties that were more suited for the common Boil below than the celestial firmament above. It was she only who put these questions—not, perhaps, as we have said, that she loved him more, bnt that she felt more deeply, and everything that happened was of more con sequence to her. Besides, she had other causes of gravity. Her position was more serious altogether. Even the new-made widow had a straightforward path before her, lonely, yet troubled by no uncertainty, but Anne was walking in darkness, and did not comprehend her lot. Of all her surroundings, the one who was most conscious of this was the rector, who, getting no satisfaction, as he Baid, from his son, came out to Mount himself one of those mornings to question Anne in person. What have they settled?" he had asked confidently, as soon as the cnrate returned worn the station where he had been seeing 5>$end 5- "l. don,t think tk«r havi setUd anything, sir " said Charley, turning to back upon his father, not caring to betray " tL needful of his own feelings, the 8,2!n8 off 110 London—that is G(S hii, g thftt seems to be decided." £,7®? soul!" cried the rector " bnuM!ct,0^a8 th« «°°d man's oath ; toknA»In8?.nothl?8 to do with it. I want Boorrl«S is settled about Anne." Then theexcess of his devotion. „ v» »uc cauoob ui uib uevonop . *nd dissatisfaction, made a stand for hip mend, " You know, sir, what a straggle ft young barrister has to do anything," he said'; how can they—settle, when all tne money ip tonef 11 God bless my soull" ; and after many thou \---at expressly to have it out, as he ^ with Anne herself. He found her in toe horary, arranging with old Saymore whajt hooks w<>» ■> • • - now can they—settle, when all tEe money ijs goaef "God bless my sonl!" the Recto* srid again; and after many thoughts he sejt onto Mount expressly to have it out, as hb said, with i.—" " * tacked to take away, whi£ Jord, looking very black an® gtoomy, sat at the further window pretending to mad, sad biting his nails furiously. The ®nd old rector wondered for a moment what that Bullen figure should have to do in the background, and why Heathcote did noit go and leave hiB Cousins free; but there was ®o time then to think of Heathcote. " So ton are really going," the Rector said, "tbie iPmS * to ts very early days." Mamma thinks it will be better to make toe change at once. She thinks it will dp stteood, and Rose " r The rector fidg Anhe," off, sndMr6^^?0^.was sitting some} old SilvimawuT * r" T*® bo earn ^Ohstoaek-hnkkj ^^ffa thousand way conveni a.'HtfiVSiSrbe8Mt0('e J?^Ube energy. " I have come to ask yon. now that yon have seen Douglas, what is settled, Anne ?" This was the first time the question had been put formally into words. It gave her a little shock. The blood all rallied to her heart to give her strength to answer. She looked him in the face very steadily, that he might not think she was afraid. " Settled?" she said, with a little air of surprise. " In present circumstances, and in our deep j mourning, what could be settled ? We have not even discussed the question." j " Then I say that is wrong, Anne," said the rector in a querulous voice. " He is a young man, and I am an old one; but it is not a question I should leave undiscussed for an hour. It should be settled what you are going to do." " So far it is Bettled," she said, " My duty is with mamma and Rose." " What, Anne!" cried Mr. Ashley. " God bless my soul! You are engaged to he married, and your duty is to your mother and sister ? I don't know what you young people mean." Anne did not answer just at once. " Did not Charley tell you," she said, after a pause, " that we were all going away." " Yes he told me—and I say nothing against that. It seems to be the way, now. Instead of bearing their grief at home, people flee from it as if it were a plague. Yes, Charley told me: but he could not tell me anything about the other question." " Because there is nothing to toll Dear rector, don't you know my father did leave me a great legacy, after all " " What was that ? What was that?' Some thing that was not in the will I thank God for it, Anne," cried Mr. Ashley. "It is the best news I have heard for many a day." " Oh, don't Bpeak as if it were something new! Mr. Ashley, he left me the care of the property, and the charge of Rose. Can I do whatever I please with thiB on my handB?" " Is that all?" the rector said, in a tone of disappointment; "but this is exactly the work in which Douglas could help you. A man and a barrister, of course he knows all about it, much better than you can do. And do you you mean to tell me that nothing has been Bettled, nothing, Anne?" cried Mr. Ash ley, with that vehemence to which mild men are Bubject. "Don't talk to me of your mourning; I am not thinking of anything that is to happen to-day or to-morrow; but is it settled"*. That is what I want to know." " There is nothing settled," she Baid—and they stood.|h«r^ for ft minut© facing each other, his countenance full of anxiety and die reiy firm and pale, StthoBt blank truBt, hers vary i even with determined "no-meaning. She smiled. She would nbt lfet him think she was even disconcerted by his questions. And the rector was baffled by this firmness. He turned away, sighing and wringing hiB hands, " God blesS my soul!" he said. For it was no use questioning Anne any further—that, at least,"' was very clear. But as he went away be came across Heathcote Mountford, who was walking about in the now abandoned ball like a handsome discontented ghost. "I am glad to see that you take a great interest in yOur cousins," the rector said, with a conciliatory smile. He did not feel very friendly, to tell the truth, towards Heathcote Mountford, feeling that his ex istence was a kind of wrong to Anne and Rose; but yet he was the new lord of the manor, and this is a thing which the spiritual head of a parish is bound to re member, whatever his personal feelings may be. Even in this point of view, however, Heathcote was unsatisfactory—for a poor lord of the manor in the best of circumstances iB a trial to a rector, especially one who has been used to a well-to-do Bquire with liberal ways. " My interest is not of much use,"Heathcote said, " for you see, though I have protested, they ftre going away." : Just then Mr. Loseby's phaeton drew up at1] the door, and he himself got out, enveloped with great coats and mufflers from head to - foot. He was continually coming and going, with an almost restless interest in everything that bappened.at Mount "It is ike very best thing they can do," he said. " Change of scene: it is the remedy for all trouble nowadays. They have never seen anything, poor ladies; they have been bnried in the country all their lives. -And Anne, of course, will like to be in.town. That anyone can see with half an eye." Here the rector found other, means, if not of satisfying bis anxious curiosity, at least of sharing it with Borne one. Hp put his arm into Mr. Loseby's and led him away to the big window. The idea of at least opening his heart to another friend of the family did him good. " Do you know," he said, with a gasp of excitement, " I have been questioning Anne, and she tells me there is nothing settled—nothing settled! I could not believe my ears." " My dear fellow," said Mr. Loseby, who was not reverential,■" what eonld be settled ? A young couple with not a penny between them—" "We should not have thought of that, Loseby, in my young days." " We were fools m our young days," Baid the lawyer, with a laugh—" inexperienced idiots. That's not the ease now. They all know everything that can happen, and calcu late the eventualities like a parcel of old women. No, no, the day of imprudent m&toneB; is over. Of course there is nothing settled. I never expected it for my part—S-"1 "But—but, Loseby. be could bb of such use to her. They could manage better toge ther than apart-—" " And so he will be *)f use to her; he's nbt' at all a bad fellow;' He'll make himself very pleasant to the whole party. He'U go with" them to the opera, and nine with them three: times a Week, ana bsonein all their little expeditions; and he'll keep his chambers! and his club all ibksame, and have no sell denial forced upon Mm. Me is ft" most sensible fellow, said Mrr Loseby, with ja lafig . _Therectorhad no greateehseof humour. He' mokeawternly at cne little round man all shining and tailing. " Do yon mean to tell me,"heeaiaFeevecely,"thatyoampprove pf that?" buttfce lawyer ably laughed again, andwonldmske anmnly. And thua the dayi went on, leaden-footed, yet getting done one after another, nay, getting Bhorter, Bwifter, as the preparations for departure went on. Mrs. Mountford did everything that could be expected of her. She left a sum of money in the rector's hands for the usual charitieB at Christmas, and all the requirements of the parish ; and she left instructions with the sexton's wife, who had once been a housemaid at Mount, and there fore " took an interest," to have a fresh wreath placed on her husband's grave weekly on the day he died. So nobody was neglected, living or dead. And their hearts rose a little as the time of departure drew near. Cosmo had thrown his whole soul into the work of house-hunting. And he had found them, which was the most wonderful luck, a small house in Park-lane, which was too dear, Mrs. Mountford thought, yet so cheap as to be almost incredible to anyone who knew what Park-lane was. Even Anne felt a little ex hilaration at the thought of windows which should look out upon the Park under the red wintry sunshine, and of all the sights and wonders that would be within reach. All this time Heathcote stayed on. It was very bad taste, some people thought; and very Billy, said other Borne. Tet still he re mained. Of course it muBt be Hose that was the inducement, Anne being known to be engaged ; and Fanny Woodheau did not hesi tate to say that she really thought the man had no sense whatever of what was fitting, to Btay on, and stay on, until the very last moment. But the household themselves did not object. They had got uSed to Heathcote. Even Anne liked him at those times when he did not look as if he were Bitting in judgment upon Cosmo. Sometimes this was his aspect, and then she could not bear him. But gene rally he was very supportable. " You forget I live in London, too, he said. " I mean to Bee a great deal of you there. You may as well let me stay and take care of you on the journey." And Mrs. Mountford liked the proposal. For purposes of travelling and general caretaking she believed in men, and thought these among their principal uses. She even went so far as to say, " We shall be very well off in London'vyhh Mr. Douglas and your cousin Heathcoteso strangely had ' everything changed from the time when St. John Mountfora disinherited his daughter because Cosmo waS a nobody. Anne did not know what tp think of (bis change of senti ment. Sometimes it seemed tomake every thing easier, sometimes to make all further changes impossible. Ber heart beat with the idea of seeing him almost daily, looking for bis constant. visits, feel ing the charm of his <x>mpaniOhShip around her; sodahett-n mist would ftem 'to gather between fhefnf and she would foresee by inBtinct how Cosmo might, though very near,, become very far. After this she would stop short and upbraid herself with folly. How could constant meetingahdfamily companion ship make them less hear to each other ? nothing could be more absurd; and yet the thought—but' it was not a thought, scarcely a feeling, only an instinct—would come over her and give her a spiritual chill, a check in all her plans. " Mamma says she thinks we will be very well off in London," said Rose, " and we can go to concerts, and all (hose sort of things. There is nothing in a cohcSrt contrary to mourning. Dances, of course, and gay parties are out of the question,"'she added, with a slight sigh of regret; " out it is just when we are going to public places that gentlemen are bo menu. You would havfe your Douglas and I Shall bave cousin Heathcote. We shall be very well off " To this Anne made no: reply. She was taking her papers ont of the drawers of her writing-table, arranging theih in' a large old despatch-box, in which they were hence forward to be carried about the world. Rose came and stood over her curiously, looking at every little bnndle asit whs taken-out. " I can see Mr. Douglas's writing," she said. " Have yon got a great many letters from Mr. Douglas, Anne?" She'put out her hand to touch one that had strayed out of its place. "Ob, may I look at it ? just one little peep. I want so mnch to know what a real love letter is like."' Anne took her letter up hastily and put it away with a bluSh atid tremor. These B&cred; utterances in Rose's hands would be profana tion indeed. '■ Wait, Roeie," she said, "'wait, dear; you will soon have letters of all kinds—of your very own." " You mean," said Rose, " that now that I am the rich one people will like me the best ? Anne, why didn t yon give np Mr. Douglas when papa told you ? I should (have, in a moment, if it had been me ; but I suppoBe you never thought it would come to any thing. I must say I 'think you have been very fooliBb; you ought to have given him np, and then, now you would have been free to do as yon pleased." " I did not make any calculations, Rose. Don't let us talk about it, dear, any more." " But I want to talk of it You see now you never can marry Mr. Douglas at all; so even for that it was silly of you. And you affronted papa—yon that always were the clever one, the sensible one, and me the little goose. 1 can't think hoar you could have made such a mistake, Anne." Anne did not make any answer. The words were childish, but she felt them like a shower of stones thrown at her. "Now you never can marry Mr. Douglas at all." Was this how it was going to be? " Mr. Loseby says," Rose continued, " that when I am of age I ought to make a fresh settlement He stta (jS? is ajl wicked, and blames papa instead Ot foubut J think you are certainly to bkuie^tdbj You alwSmTtand to' a thing eo,3 if yon hive once aaid'lt A fresh settlement me^hs a'-hbw will; it means that I am w aive ibti bttek a lkrge piece of wbat papa has leftto me." " I do not wiSh ybtf todoso, 'Rote. It Mr. Loseby had toldme $ret, I should hot have let hJm Bpeak' hh Sucha Subject Rose, re member, you are not to do it T do not wish any freah SettUtorilroadS for me." " If Mr. LoSeby says' it, and mamma SayaJ it, of ooufae I'mnat do it, whether you con sent or not," said Roe* v And, besides, hoar can you$yer mariyMr, Douglas unless there " there^Tthut SSaledML^^^t<w^etIiteat you would not lot me opan-—that to to be kept till I am twenty-one. Perhaps that will change everything. Look here; there are only you and me here, and I would never tell, I do so want to know what it iB: it might show one what to do if one knew what was in it. Let me, let me open it, Anne!" " Rose! that is sacred. Rose! you mast not touch it. I will never forgive you if you so much as break one seal," cried Anne. " Well, then, do it yourself. What can it matter if you break it to-day or in two years and a half ? Papa never could mean that you were to keep it there and look at it, and never open it for two years and a half ?" All this time Rose turned over and over the little packet with its three red Beals, playing with it as a cat plays with a mouse. " PerhapB it changes everything," she Baid; " perhaps there is a new will here without me having to make it. 'Why should we all be kept in such suspense, not knowing anything, and poor Mr. Douglas made so unhappy ?" " Did Mr. Douglas tell you that he was un happy?" said Anne, humouring her tormentor while she kept her eyes upon the letter. " Dear Rose, put it back again; here is the place for it. I have a great deal to do and to think of. Don't worry me, dear, any more." Then Rose put it back with reluctance. " If it were addressed to me I should open it at once," she said. " It is far more important now than it will be after. Mr. Douglas did not tell me he was unhappy, but he let mamma guesB it, which was much the same. Anne, if I were you, I would break the I engagement; I would set him free. It must be dreadful to hold any one like that bound up for life. And when you think—if nothing ' turns up, if this is to be the end, if you nevet have money enough to marry, why shouldn't you do it now, and give yourselves, both of you, another chance ?" Anne rose up from her papers, thrusting them into the despatch-box pell-mell in the confusion of her thoughts. The little calm matter-of-fact voice which sounded so steadily, trilling on like a large cricket—was it speaking the truth ?'was this, perhaps, what it would have to come to ? Her hands trembled as Bhe shut the box hastily ; her limbs shook under her. But Rose was no way disturbed. " You would be sure to get some one else with more money," she Baid serenely, " and eo would he." 