THE DESTINY OF RUSSIA.— No. 6. fby r. w. perkins. IN the previous contribution it was stated that there was strong reason to apprehend that the first judgment day was not now more distant than ten years, and it would be best at once to exhibit the evidence on which such expectation rests. That there has existed in the Christian Church, from the apostolic age down to the present, an impression that when six thousand years should have nigh elapsed from Adam's birth, the present order of things would cease, and great changes follow, resulting in a thousand years of peace and gladness, none acquainted with the subject can deny. Barnabas, the companion of St. Paul, described in Acts, ch. xii., v. 24, "as a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith," in his writings, which, though forming no part of the canon of Scripture, are, as coming from him, entitled to great weight, clearly enunciates this — as also that the power of the evil one would then cease. The Revelations, which were sub sequently written, give great countenance to what St. Barnabas affirmed — for they clearly pourtray that the last thousand years of this world's duration will, within a little, be such a peaceful period, when Satan will be in a prison bound and Christ shall reign supreme. A tradition, said to have originated from the prophet Elijah, existed amongst the Jews to the same effect. We are very near the six thousandth year from Adam. Our present computa- : tion of this period is erroneous. It is as follows : — From Adam to Christ, 4004 years; since then, 1881 years. Total, 5885 years. But. in this reckoning, 505 years only are allowed from the birth of Abram to the Exodus. However, it is stated in Scripture that Abraham was 100 years old when Isaac was born (Genesis, ch. xxi., v. 5) ; that Isaac was past forty when Jacob was born (Gen., ch. xxv., v. 20) ; that Jacob had attained to 1 30 years when he stood before Pharaoh, King of Egypt (Gen., ch. xlvii.,v. 9); and that the Israelites were exactly to a day 430 years in Egypt (Exodus, ch. xii., v. 40 and 41). This makes the time something more than 700, instead of 505, years; but as there is an excess in the after computa tion of about 100 years (which would take too much space to illustrate), it follows that about a century has been left out. So 4104 years from Adam to Christ, added to 1885 years, for four years, as well known, have been omitted in com puting the Christian era, makes the pre sent age of the world, since the birth of Adam to be about 5989 years. Again the 23OQ days (in prophecy com puted as years)rCMtionedin the eighth chapter of Danjel/'marking, as they do, the beginning $j>. this last 'generation, and the commencing bif events leading to Turkey's downfall, terminated about a.d. 1820\. Seventy years, the length of a generation, added to that time, brings us to about a.d. 1890. The Mahometan career is to last forty- two 'prophetic months, or 1278 years (not 1260 only, as some supposed). Now, the year a.d. 608 has generally been con sidered that in which Mahomet com menced his mission, but more careful in vestigation has brought to light that it was one or two years later. Suppose we assume the year a.d. 610 as the most correct of the two, and add to it 1278 years, and a.d. 1888 is the result, when the might of Islam will cease. As the Russian overthrow and the first judgment day would appear to be about two years later (Dan., ch. vii., v. 10), this points to about a.d. 1 890 as an approximate date, when many will have, to stand before the dread tribunal. It was the chronological mistake that Archbishop Ussher made that gave occa sion to Colenso to make that formidable objection; which he did against the truth of the Pentateuch, alleging that in little over two hundred, years the Israelites from the small- ni/mfer, of seventy, many of them childn, as.' they entered Egypt, could not haveiiicreased to the large number; of three millions when they left it. But as they were actually there 430 years, this objection cannot' be sustained. Ussher, mislead by a statement of Josephus, and in this instance preferring the reading of the Samaratan and Septua- girit copies of the Pentateuch, the latter often incorrect in respect of numbers, and also disregarding the express declaration of the Masorete, in this very matter authenticated by the New Testament, likewise misapprehending the meaning of the 17th verse of the third chapter of Galatians, fell into error. This . verse, quoting from the revised version, is as follows : — " A covenant confirmed before hand by God, the law which came 430 years after cannot disannul." In Genesis, ch. xv., verses 13 and 14, it is thus written — "And. .he said unto Abram, know of a surety-'hat thy seed shall be a stranger in ah|fcwat-' is 'not theirs, and they shall seQrq pern," and they shall afflict them4TO$ea¥s." After which cer tain blessings;, .were to follow. In Acts, ch. vii., v. 6,' in reference to- this, it states — And God spake on this wise, that; his (Abraham's) 5 seed should sojourn in a strange land, and that they should bring them into bondage and entreat them.- evil four hundred years," and then the same blessings were to follow. . i It is quite evident that they were to be maltreated, and in bondage, in a strange land, which Palestine was not, 400 years.— Whilst Joseph -was alive, their treatment would . naturally be kind, but during the remaining portion of the 430 years; hard indeed was their lot. I Returning to Galatians, ch." iii., v. 17, it is evident that the apostle was not there referring to the period when God made a covenant with Abraham, but to a con firmation of it, which took place when his descendants went to sojourn in a strange land, and 430 years afterwards the law was given from Mount Sinai. " Now, the sojourning of the children of Israel, who dwelt in Egypt, was 430 years; and it came to pass, after the end of 430 years, even the self same day, it came to pass that all the hosts of Israel went out of the land of Egypt." — Exodus, ch. xii., verses 40 and 41. So we arc very near the first judgment day, and the sixth thousandth year from Adam. We may feel well assured, both from the declarations of Scripture and the dis coveries of science, that our earth was not first formed about the period when Adam and Eve dwelt in Paradise. The book of Genesis commences with the declaration that God in the beginning created the heaven and the earth ; but when that inconceivably remote period began, we in vain conjecture. However, six days previous to Adam's birth, this earth was in ruin, though its substance was there, overwhelmed with water. Most probably, at this time, the whole planetary system, including the sun, its centre, was in a similar state of collapse; and what little glimpse modern observa tion has obtained tends to this conclusion. The injunction to our first parents, to be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth, has clear reference to the previous habitation of the world by animal life. Some have thought that the six days of the Mosaic creation, so to speak, were long periods of time ; but as the seventh day was subsequent to Adam, and that was a natural day, such a view is unten able. In such case how could the Jews have been enjoined to keep a sabbath of twenty-four hours every seven days, be cause God on a similar period rested, if they were not periods of night and day. And, moreover, what period since the commencement of human existence cor responds in geology with the Sabbath? It may be that the six days of the creation, as described in Scripture, have some similarity to the growth of the earth. The first age in geology, with its igneous fluidity and nebular state, may resemble. the first. The second age, with its rainfalls, formation of solid crust, and atmosphere, may have resemblance to the second, when the circumambient air en compassed the globe and the clouds and water were separated. The third, or Eozoic age, with its simple protozoans, plants, and dawn of life, may prototype the third day, when the grass, the herbs, the fruit trees, and dry land and seas appeared. The Paleozoic, with its amphi bians, fishes, and trilobites, may somewhat correspond with the fourth day, when the sun and moon appeared as at present (the stars remained as previously existing. Job, ch. 38). The Mesozoic, with its reptile formations, may have some analogy to the fifth day, when birds and aquatic animals had their being. The Cenozoic, when man and. animals first appear, may counterpart the ' sixth day, when Adam and the animal kind were created. Is not this what we might expect? Order is heaven's law, and that wisdom, always displayed to perfection in the. works of the Almighty, which originated the order of the previous ages, as exemplified in geology, was followed by a like order in the renewal of the earth as it now exists. The definite knowledge, geology has revealed is not so very much, and the assumptions and conclusions of many of its students, when antagonistic to Scrip ture, should not meet with credence. The numberless facts, which of necessity must be unknown to geologists in the present state of the science, and their entire ignorance of the circumstances under which bones or their fossil remains, said to be human, though perhaps those of apes, were deposited where found, must militate much against a truthful perception. Doubtless, at the time of the deluge, the earth was much convulsed by volcanic and other eruptive forces, per haps to an extent of which we have no conception, and as the earth was then saturated with water and in violent com motion, this may account for many a deposit for which a very different origin is now assigned. Such discoveries may give birth to fanciful conceits and specu lative assumptions, but do not demon strate such to be realities. Moses wrote under inspiration, both as regards the pas t . and the future; and if that future, extending over thousands of years, has been, rriost minutely verified, we may feel assured that he, with equal truth/described the past. Many a pre diction in the Pentateuch we may now see realised. Those relating to our Saviour, to Ishmael, to the descendants of Ham, Sliem, and Japheth, so wonder fully accomplished, and the precision with which the then future history of the Jews, and which of itself would take a volume to illustrate, was foretold, demonstrate that Israel's leader wrote under 110 human guidance, but as instructed by God. Who that has read the twenty-eighth chapter of Deuteronomy and the descrip tion by Josephus of the siege of Jerusalem by Titus, and is acquainted with - the doings of Adrian and Severus in the land of Judaea, but must perceive how, to the very letter, the predictions of Moses therein contained.,, in the 50th and sub sequent versesHq'vthe 57th inclusive, met with the mostr'exact accomplishment. And as presaged' Jn the 27th verse, have they not become a bye-word and a proverb wherever they are? For "You arc Jewed" is the sole proverb common to every country in which they are found, and an; expression Jn_ vogue with everjfibfclaitibng- wfiom they dwell. And as foretold in the 64th verse, have they not been /: "scattered . ajiiong all . people, from one -etiS- of the earth even 'unto the other."' The history of the Jews since their dispersion could not, at the present day, be drawn in truer terms than was foreshown by Moses more; than three thousand two hundred years ago; and their glorious future, as described in Scripture, will be as certainly fulfilled. Part VI. will be concluded in my next, when it will bis shown that the discoveries of geologists and the conduct of many of them prove the truth of Scripture. After wards, Part VII. will be commenced. 