FREEMASONRY TTRFrNRn (Freemasons? Monthly Magazine .) I have joined the Masonic fraternity, Mr. Editor. I am a free and accepted son, or brother, or whatever it is, of that ancient and mysterious organisation. I have belonged to many secret societies in my time — I have been an Orangeman, aud a Son of Temperance, and a Fenian, and, if I remember aright, I once belonged to a gang of coiners — but this Masonic ar rangement, this institution of the compass and square, distances them all. I have often wondered what sort of a thing a Mason was — in what respects he differed from an ordinary being. Again and again— have I pumped persons who I thought knew what was what, with a view of finding out something regarding these queer men, but it was no go. Mum was the word ; and those who could tell wouldn't, and those, who would couldn't ; for further information I was to go arid find out. I had a vague idea of my own that a Mason was a sort of supernatural being, a regular ring-tailed roarer, with horns and hoofs to match, who could come down the chimney, or. get through the key-hole, and disappear like a flash of lightning— a chap that would knock blazes out of a fellow with a wink of his eye, and of whom the devil himself was afraid. There is one singular thing connected with Masonry of which you are perhaps not aware, and that is, a Mason never dies. Occasionally it is given out that a brother has departed this life, and the fraternity is respectfully summoned to do honour to his remains ; but it is all a sham, a big swindle, gotten np to throw dust in the eyes of the uninitiated. The coffin is stuffed full of bricks, and de posited with due solemnity in the ceme tery, while the brothers and friends are blubbering their eyes out over the grave of the dear departed, and the departed is quietly enjoying himself in the back room of some hotel, preparatory to leaving for parts nnknown. It is a fact, Mr. Editor, Masons never die. They may change their appearance and move off for other spheres — but as " for dying! they can't do it. It is supposed that, after they have transacted wicked ness enough on earth, they are trans formed into comets and meteors, and go wandering through space, kicking up shines, and raising the devil generally. And. a great many, people suppose that the last meteoric display was nothing more nor less than a free fight between some rival lodges that have crossed each otheris path— the different coloured lights betokening the different degrees they had acquired in the flesh. Freemasonry is of ancient date, as is proved by the fact that during the wet season Noah used to hold meetings in the Corner of the ark. He. was obliged to give it up, however, owing to the curiosity of Mrs. Noah, who, notwithstanding the fact that her husband placed a big pair of lions arid a erbebdile at the door as out side guard, came pretty near finding out the secret, and starting a female lodge on her own hook. 1 - ...... 1 I must tell you the perils and trials I had to undergo to become a Mason. On the evening in question I presented my self at the door of the lodge-room. No. 66,666, signs of the skull and cross-hones. I was conducted to the ante-room, where five or six melancholy chaps in sashes and embroidered napkins were waiting to re ceive me. On my entrance they all got up arid turned a back somersault, and then quietly resumed their seats. '> A big fat fellow, who sat in. the middlle," arid Fwho seemed to be the proprietor, : then : 'said, "Sinner from the outward Avorld, ad vance." I advanced. " Will you give up everything to join us ? " " Not if I know it," said I. "There's my wife and fourr tern fine — " (Another party here told me it was a mere matter of form.) " The fellows in the towels then groaned, and said, 5< ,Tis well." : ' "Do you swear" never to reveal anything you may see or hear this evening, not to your wife ? " I said, " 'Pon my word, I- will not." They then examined my teeth and felt my muscles, and made me put out my tongue, and then groaned again. I said, " If you don't feel well, I have got a little bottle here, that " — . Here the fat man took the bottle from me, and told me to shut up. He then, in a voice of thunder, said, " Bring forth the goat." Another fellow .then came forth to blindfold me. " No, you don't, Mr. Mason," I said ; " no trick , on travellers, if you please. I don't believe" iri playing blindman's buff with; a goat. I'll ride the' devil if- you) like, but I don't go it blind. Stand: back, or I'll .knock you into smither eens.'' They were too much for me, however, and I had to submit to be blindfolded.. . The„gpat ( was then led in, and I could— hear ffiirri-makrrig-air awful racket among the -furniture. I began to feel/th'at I was . urgently wanted - at home,' but j was. in) for', -it,' and . could . riot help myself. .-Three or four.felldws .thbn seized . me, arid ,with -a -' demoniacal laugh pitched me 011 the amm;tRs7b:idc.;,i.ylJing me) -at > the same time to look out for squalls. I have been in a great many scrapes, > Mr. ' Editor-LI've been in an election "fight, I've : been pitched out of a > four-storey window, ; I have gone down in a railroad collision. ( and up in > a steamboat explosion, but this great excursion was ahead of them all. : The > confounded thing must be all wings : and horns. It bumped me against the > tables and the stove and the ceiling, but > I hung on like a Trojan. It > turned front somersaults, and rolled over till I thought it was all over > with mc. I was just on the point of giving up when the bandage fell from > mine eyes, and the goat bounded through the. window with a yell like a > Camanche Indian giving up the ghost. I I was in a Lodge of Masons. They were > dancing a war dance around a skuil, and playing leapfrog and turning > handsprings, and the big fat fellow of the ante-room was standing on his > head in the corner finishing the contents of my -little bottle. Order was > soon restored, and I was led up to a desk and told to stand at my ease. The > chief engineer of the establishment then put his thumb to his nose, and > stretching his fingers in the shape of a fan towards me, commanded silence. > The rest of the brethren did likewise, and were silent. The governor then > addressed \- me : — " Brother Knobb, you are now one of us. You are now a > member of an institution that has lasted over ten millions of years. From > this time hence j'our constitution is sound. You are impervious to light or > heat or any other atmospheric influence. You are water proof, fire-proof, > and over-proof. With impunity you may. walk through the lake, or sit on a > red-hot stove 7 with impunity drink aquafortis, rye whisky, Wahoo bitters, > or any other poisonous substance. You are free from rheumatism, dyspepsia, > whooping-cough, and the measles. The sheriff dare not seize you lor debt, > nor the policeman for misdemeanor. You are of us, and you are safe. Here is > the pass word ; with that and a big club you can get into any lodge in > Christendom." I then stood the whisky and water all the way round, and I was > a free and accepted Mason. 