THERE are two cogent and all-sufficient reasons why the Government should either immediately, or at the earliest opportunity, insist upon the passing a bill through Parliament amending the Land Tax Act Those are—(1) that the present act. has utterly failed to realise the income anticipated; and (2) that its provisions have been systematically andsuccessfully evaded. Wedonot care at present to go into the abstract question of right, or seek to analyse the probable operation of the amending bill proposed by Mr BEBRY and his colleagues. It is sufficient for our present purpose to maintain that the present land tax has broken down completely. With regard to the amount annually realised, it is enough to say that it has fallen short of the estimate of the Treasurer folly £80,000 a 'year, and as the appeals have been disposed of, and the legal value (under the act) of the various taxable landsjof the colony decided, the State must continue to bear the loss and make other provisions to meet it, unless, an amending act is passed, which will give effect to the letter as well as to the spirit of the tax imposed, for purposes of revenue, no less than for the political object of bursting-np the laige aggregation of estates. Mr BEHRY based his estimates when the bill became law upon the supposition that it would yield at least £200,000 per annum. The tax was levied tentatively. It was not admittedly oppressive. It may have been novel, and to some extent sectional, but there was no desire to see it operate penally. The programme of the Liberal party prior to the elections of 1877 aimed at a progressive land tax which would have had the effect of disintegrating the large estates effectually. Mr BEBRY, while sincerely anxious to cany out the wishes of his party, felt that a too radical measure would have the effect of completely defeating the objects of his party, and framed his measure accordingly. The land was classified into four denominations, each taxed upon the basis of its sheep carrying capacity. He admitted at the time when taunted by the more vigorous members that he had not gone as far as the Reform Leagues proposed, bat that it was better to commence with a mild check, and the thin end of the wedge having been once inserted, future legislation could be brought to bear to accomplish the rest. The reality it has now been found falls far short of his anticipations. The land tax brings in little more than one half the amount anticipated, as the following table will show:— THE LAND TAX REVENUE. Quarter Ending. Heveune. Net Total, allowing for Befunds. 30th June, '78 .. 80th Sept. .. 31st Dec. " .. £50,226 103,687 27,557 £50,226 "103,653 25,685 £181,472 £179,53S 31st March, T0.. SOthJune " .. SOthSept. " .. 31st Dec. " .. 31st March,'SO-. 30th June, " .. 30th Sept, " .. 31st Dec., " .. £47,554 36,978 31,244 27,257 44,619 28,624 16,958 12,461 £143,033 £102,664 £34,939 25,637 35,538 29,243_ £32,209 26,272 35,384 29,248 £125,364 £122,116 31st March, "Si:. £33,066 £33,043 Thus the total amount received from the passing of the act was £437,359, instead of, according to Mr BERRY'S estimates, £650,000. In other words, owing to the failure of the act, for which someone must be held responsible, the State in three years has been deprived of no less than.£213,000 of its legitimate revenue. Those figures, which are official, and can be tested by a reference to the Government Gazette, show only partially the extent to which the land tax has failed in its object as proving a remunerative source 'of revenue. From the amounts specified, we have to deduct the expense of the machinery requisite for enforcing the provisions of the act. The classifiers, of whom there were about thirty, received at ths rate of three guineas a day for nearly six months. Several of them, whose services were required in cases of appeal, were in receipt of large payments as witnesses, the average drawn by each being about £500. The commissioners were paid salaries amounting to £3500 per annum. There were next the officers of the new department thus treated, and the expenses connected therewith. Then came the expenses incidental to appeals, the hearing of which extended over twelve months. The court sat almost daily, necessitating the payment of heavy fees to counsel representing the Grown, and costs where the appeals' were allowed. The expenditure incurred by witnesses,- K^lnriAg of officials, and counsels 1 fees in connection with those appeals, apart from the sums which the Grown will have to pay as costs, must be considerably in excess of £20,000.. The clasaficar tions were found in many cases defective, the officials -employed for the purpose either not understanding their work, or having so many difficulties to contend with that a fair approximate became an impossibility.' Henee the success of the appeals in many in< stances. The preliminary expenses and difficulties having nqgr been overcome, the result is as verified by the above figures, that the land tax is not capable of yielding to the State more than on. an average £120,000 per annum. . This amount instead of increasing will in all probability steadily decline, until the act becomes a dead letter. It-may be safely asBerted that if the land owners of the colony wished, they could avoid the -payment of a angle farthing to&e; State in the shape of land tax. What is more, we assert, ai^d shall prove in a future article, that several of the laige land- holders in the <»lcn^.J^ve )BO ^ivided, if not dummied, thgir estates, -that they have succeeded "sin accomplishing their object, and escape die inmost altogether. In one case alone, a cmn of £500 a year has ljeen lost by a certain family arrangement; in another, a much larger sum has been lost by the ostensible parting of the land far " love and affection," What is perhaps the most melancholy reflection of all, is that during the three years during which the tax has been in operation there has not been the least approach to actual disintegration of the large estates, except perhaps in one or two instances, and in these the landlord parted with small sections of territoiy, obtaining at the Tate of £40 and £50 per acre, for land valued by the State at only £i per acre. The necessity, therefore, of the Land Tax Amendment Bill now before the Council being passed stands affirmed, and it will be a disgrace to that branch of the Legislature if anything else should happen. IT is a favorite speculation of some persons of a scientific turn of mind that, at certain long periods, the globe on which we live is subject to a displacement of the water on its surface, so that it tilts over, so to speak, on its axis; and thus the whole character of the climate and seasons over the two hemispheres becomes revolutionised. This theory has been put forward before now as a scientific explanation of the Noachian deluge; bat tile theorists are not quite agreed as to whether the tilting over of the globe takes a polar or and equatorial direction. Some affirm that the shifting of the solid mass is from east to west; whilst others maintain that the displacement of the water is from north to south. Anyhow, the balance is shifted, and a new order of things teleologieal is established. Whether this view of the earth's movements on its axis be correct or not has never, we think, -been proved; but that some such process is visibly taking place in the human world is a fact that no one can dispute. There is a manifest disturbance in the balance of population—a shifting of the weight from one point to a different one— with the effect of altering the relative positions of many old" nationalities. There is a movement in both directions —-from east to west, and also from north to south. Masses of the population of the old world are moving to the great western continent; and some portion of it is also coming south. Within the space of the past fifty years both America and Australasia have risen to the position of important factors in the general sum of things mundane. Previously to that time Australasia was virtually non-existent, and America itself was but of small account. How stands the case now? The American people anticipated the British empire in taking the census of its population this time, and the results are already ascertained sufficiently nearly to warrant the drawing of inferences from them. The total population of the United States is given as 50,152,866, of whom 43,475,506 are native-born Americans. These figures are really surprising, for they show that, at last, the daughter colony has actually outstripped the parent in the number of her family. Probably the total population of the Three K'ing. doms does not exceed—if it equals— 33,000,000; and if all the colonies, but leaving out India, be reckoned, the total population of the empire would certainly not be 50,000,000. Compared with her gigantic neighbor, even Canada has only a handful of people; and what is all Australasia, from Cape York to the southermost point of New Zealand, but a small community compared with the Western Republic! Kow, populousness is alleged to be one element of greatness in a nation; and its value in that regard is enhanced by the superior efficiency of the population. In both respects the United States are a wonderful fact. They have many people, and many active people. For energy, and push, and vigor, none can beat the Americans on this earth. True, they are not a warlike nation, lilrp the Romans; but - they understand the principle of peaceful conquest better than most races ever did, at their best. And now thsy are fifty minima with spare territory for at least twice as many more. In fifty years from the present date there will probably be one hundred millions of free citizens in the mighty American Republic. On the other hand, Europe has no spare territory to speak of; she is full tip" from end to end; in fact, a little more so; and is therefore obliged to draft off 'her surplus numbers across the Atlantic. The American Republic receives the overflow, absorbs it, and veiy speedily assimilates it All children born on .her soil, whatever the nationality of the parents may be, ,vare A merican citizens. Hence it comes that, of her fifty millions, seven - eighths are already i her own by right of nationality; and evien of the odd six millions of foreignbom residents, a large proportion have probably taken out their patent of naturalisation. But there is the negro element to be reckoned separately; and the negro element is certainly the black blot on the fair sheet of America's prosperity. It numbers (including mulattoes) -6,577,151, or nearly the same amount as the foreign-bora population. And it is increasing; for whereas the rate of Increase amongst the population generally for the last decade was 30 per cent.-, it has been 35 per cent, amongst the black race. This fact clearly proves that, as the Times remarks, the negroes are-more successful in the struggle for life nnder freedom than under slavery. They keep their old habitations, moreover. "AHthe plans that were started to move the black raoe off in masses bom the Southern States to the west, or to the unoccupied parts of the north, or even to their native Africa, have all come to nothing. We shall quote the statements of the Philadelphia correspondent , of the Times. on this point of the location of the negroes, us it is not weD understood by outside observers, and is very important:—" In -of the * former slave-holding Btafces there is A larger proportionate population of negroes than in 1870; in Texas and Honda only is the proportion diminished by the white immigration from other parts of the country." In Sonth Carolina threefifths of ""the wbole population is colored; LoMana&od; Mfari«8ppioprae next in order; In no other -Southern States do the. negroes .constitute, more than on^ialf of the population; but ^n Alabama, - the District ti Columbia, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, and Virginia the colorad Inhabitants are between an&tfnrd; aid oneialf of T o tie-whole. ^ In the Norih and West the »egro element is insignificant in p amount; for instance, in 13ew "Sbrk it is l j per cent only, in Pennsylvania 2 per cent., in Massachusetts 1 percent., and so on. In the Far West there are scarcely any negroes; only 58 are returned as living in Idaho, 133 in Arizona, and 204 in Utah." These facts prove that the Southern States can Tpg-iTit-ajn their existence, and may even prosper, nnder freedom, at least as well as nnder slavery. They also prove that the black race are creditably adapting themselves to their altered circumstances. In this general fact, the progressive rate at which the United States are. advancing is something astonishing. Every branch . of pro-' duction, the exports and imports, have attained an enormous development. Wealth increases even more rapidly than the population. And all this being so, the probability is that the centre of power and influence for the civilised world will be shifted from old Europe to new America within the next half a dozen centuries. The K.M.S. Bokhara entered Port Phillip Heads at seven yesterday evening, and arrived in Hobson'e Bay at about eleven p.m. All correspondence will be np by the first train, and delivered by letter-earners leaving the Post Office abont eleven a-m. In the Assize Court yesterday the case of Wilson v the Rising Star Company, limited, was concluded, and resulted in the jury returning a verdict for plaintiff, with £475 6s 5d< damages. Leave was reserved the defendant company to move for a verdict in its favor, or for a redaction of Hie damages. The court, on nsing, adjourned sine die. The protest entered by Captain Hennab, of the Ballarat City brigade against the Sandhurst City brigade for using "artificial" suds in running out its delivery hose in the Engine Practice contest at the last demonstration, has been upheld by the referees, with whom the judges left the matter. It will be remembered that in running out the hose one o£the Sandhurst firemen used two wooden match-boxes, as bearers for the head of the hose, and thus got the hose into position very speedily. - The decision of the referees plaoes Ballarat City second in the practice, and it accordingly scores twelve points for its successes during the competitions" a higher number than made by any other brigade. In consequence of the agreement of the representatives of that brigade and those of the Carlton Brewery and Ballarat, beside an illumined certificate, the City brigade takes second prize for the practice—a silver medal. A man named William Arkell, who was arrested abont a week since for attempting to gain admission to the premises of Mr Jones, chemist, Main road, about one o'clock on the morning of the 24th nltimo, was brought before the Town Court yesterday, on a charge of being a rogue and vagabond. Mr Swifte, an assistant to Mr Jones, deposed to having caught the prisoner in the act of gaining an entrance to the shop by the front door, and on making his appearance, he (i>ri- SOner) ran into the middle of tie street, \>nt was t&on; overtaken by Mr Swifte, and a scuffle ensued, during which the prisoner threw away a pick-lock key, which he had evidently been using, and which was afterwards found a few yards away from the spot. In the senffle, however, the prisoner mauaged to free himself, and made oil, but was subsequently arrested bv Constables Nelms and Curtain. The bench sent him to gaol for twelve months. The scarlet fever patients on Soldiers" Hill are rapidly improving. The disease showed itself in a very mild form, and such excellent precautions were taken in isolating the patients that, as far as the health inspector can learn, the disease has not spread beyond the occupants of the one establishment in which it broke out; and these, as already said, are quickly progressing towards good health. At the Sevastopol Free Library hall, this evening, a service of song, entitled " Eva," compiled and arranged from Mrs Stowe's " (Jnele Tom's Cabin," will be rendered. The Sebastopol Baptist Church choir, assisted by several other ladies and gentlemen, will give the musical illustrations; and Mr D. Carnegie has volunteered to read selections from the above work. The proceeds are to be in aid of the organ fund. We would remind those persons who are qualified to vote, either for the Legislative Council or Assembly, that they can obtain electoral rights, and have their names placed on this roll, aot later than tomorrow, 1st June. The electoral rights taken out now, and placed upon this supplementary roll, will be available until 1st De- cember, 18S4. Bights may be obtained from Mr D. Christy, Lydiard street, for Ballarat West, and from Mr Michell, Victoria street, for Ballarat East; as well as from the various deputy-registra-rE in the respective divisions. With reference to the deputation from the Gymnasium Club which waited upon Major Smith. last Saturday, requesting a vote of £200 towards the necessary building, we may state that the Minister requested the club to make application in writing for the sum. On condition that the clnb applied for the £200 only, and no annnal grant, he would lay the matter before his colleagues, snd endeavor to obtain it as a special vote. He also stated that the annual subsidy to the National Gycasium was a special vote, and lie -was puaiiaally favorable to the request of the deputation. A young man named James Lampshire appeared before the town 'court yesterday on summons to answer a charge of larceny as a servant. It appeared the accused had been employed at Mr J. P. Collins' boot shop, Bridge street, > and had taken away two pairs of boots, valued at 17s. At his own request the case was postponed tQl- Thursday next. The bench bound him over in one surety of £29 to appear on that day. With the view of setting all doubts at rest as to the accuracy of the recent census, the Government statist notifies in another column tnat 10s reward will be paid to any person who will prove that his household was omitted'by the sab- enumerators. The notice only applies to reports made after the date of the advertisement Last week, as was expected in the influx of visitors, proved a -very-good one for tradespeople generally, and photographers were especially benefited by the incursion of country cousins. To be "gemmed," not with diamonds or other precious stones, bat by the inexpensive process earned on by Messrs Allen mid Gove, seemed to be the fashion, and so prevalent was tills fashion that an avarage of nearly 500 persons per day represents the number of people .who visited the studio of the firm and carried away numerous faithful miniatures of themselves. In reference to a letter which appeared in our columns yesterday, addressed "To the Jewish community," &c.;, we are ^requested to state authoritatively that the prosecution of the hawker Slashki was sole.ly at the instance of the arresting constable, and that no other person instigated him in his action. We have received a letter signed "One Who Stall Sympathises with .the Man," but its contents are libellous, and its publication would not serve any good purpose. The Orient Company's steamship Chimborazo, from London, arrived at Adelaide on Sunday mnming, after a passage of fortythree days. Mr Alex. Slight, who visited Ballarat last year With ^the Adelaide team of cricketers,- had his leg broken on SKnrday, whilst playing footbalL . \ The presiding' magistrates at fee City Police Court yesterday had very little to do, as only one case came before them for hearing, wMeb was that of a simple drank, who was fined in the usual amount. On and after the 1st June, the bain mow leaving StaweD. for Ballarat at ten o'clock at night will leave a quarter of an hour earlier, namely, at a quarter to ten o'clock.. In the-case of MUonnell vOkell, heard In the City Police Court on Friday, the verdict ^ad£}isireSieea staled to be forflO^B Sd, instead sf £1816s 6d. - \ ~ A vary interesting lecture on New Zealand was delivered l&st.iilght; byJIrH. Haywood, lecturer in the State .schools of/Victoria, in the Dawson etreet Congregational Church, on behalf .«f the Mutual Improvement Associatioh, connected vdth fee etrarch. Hie Bev. I. Walker oooqiied -the chair, and introduced the lecturer, who woe vrellreceived. he lecture, which had been compiled from B bservations made by Mr Haywood during f bis travels in JTew ZeaJand/comprised grahic descriptions of fciie ecenery, mountains, p J rivers and towns from the Bluff in .the South Island to Auckland in the North Hand. An f interesting sketch was given of the Maories and several of their celebrated chiefs, and the hot springs and terraces of Kotamahana were also mentioned. At "the conclusion a panoramic exhibition was given embodying the principal views, scenery, &c.;, of the two inlands Altogether, the lecture was a most interesting one, and Mr Haywood certainly deserved the vote of thanks he received at the conclusion. \- Mr J. Harrison, of Store street, has just received a consignment of the famous *' Brinsmead" pianos, and as they now stand in his warehouse they are well worth inspecting. We hatfe already spqken very highly of the parity of tone remarkable in these instruments, and evenness of their touch. Those now on view at Mr Harrison's are cased according to his order, and besides their value as musical instruments of rare merit, they are most elegant samples of pianoforte manufacture. They represent four different styles of piano, including a cottage piano in English walnut, another in blackwood; an improved patent trichord, with registered key-note and patent arm and escapement stopper, in walnut; and an upright iron grand—a magnificent instrument—in blackwood. Mr Harrison has a .very varied stock of pianofortes; and it is perhaps indicative of advancement in the musical taste of the people of this district that there is a heavy and continuous demand for good pianofortes. Three good-sized blocks of land, fronting Mill, Hotham, and fork streets, near Drammond street, were sold by public auction yesterday, by Messrs James Oddie and Co., at their rooms. The allotment fronting Mill street was bought by Mr C Vaughan, for £98; Mr H. F. Batten securing the other two for £92. On Saturday the same fiim sold five acres of land adjoining Lang's nursery, at Warrenheip, for £160, to Mr M. Fraser. The lion, secretary of the Ballarat Fire -Brigade desires to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of £3 from Mr Thomas Bath, for services rendered.at the late fire in Armstrong street, on the morning of Sunday, 23rd instant. William Cross, whose head and spine were injured on Friday morning, by the fall of a basket of coals while the steamer Macedon was being unloaded at the Geelong railway wharf, died at the local hospital on Sunday. Mrs Poulig, of Otway street, desires to express her rtmnlrg to the directors of the Australian Widows' Fund Insurance Company for the prompt settlement of ber claim consequent on the death of her husband. The Alfred TTall is not to remain closed for the winter months, as Mr Benhamo, proprietor of the English Circus Company at present performing here, has taken a lease of it for some tame, for the purpose of converting the interior into a kind of amphitheatre, something after the style of Astley's, in London. Mr Benhamo, we believe, intends to introduce some of the best actors that are in' the colonies, and also to give performances well worth witnessing. Ballarat has been chosen for the site of this undertaking by Mr Benhamo, in preference to either Melbourne or -Sydney—the reason assigned for this bong the liberal patronage bestowed on hie company while performing here. Tiia Secretary of the Ballarat City Fire Brigade desires to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of a cheque for £5 from Mr Thomas'Bath, as a donation for valuable services rendered at the late fire in Bath street. We are desired to call the attention o! candidates for matriculation to a notice in our advertising columns as to the time and place of holding the examination at Ballarat. Mr C. H. Crannage, the treasurer of the B.F.B. steam fire engine fund, desires to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of cheque for £2 2s from Mr D. Brophy, M.L.A. Captain Garrard, of the wrecked steamer Tararoa, was an expert swimmer, and on that account much surprise was felt by his friends that he did not succeed in swimming ashore. Ko doubt he felt it to be his duty to stay by his passengers to the last; but, as a matter of fact, when his body was found, the arms were extended in a swimming attitude, and within about 10 yards of the shore, entangled in the kelp, about a mile up the beach. The probability (says the Otago Daily Times) that the unhappy man removed his coat and boots on the vessel going down, and swam away from the wreckage until he saw a clear chance of making for the beach at some distance from the fire wliich was lighted on the beach, so that he might avoid the rocks. Either the entanglement in the kelp, or tiie fact of his becoming exhausted in the surf, may account for his not reaching the shore alive. There was not a scratch on the body, except a gash on the forehead by a blow from a piece of timber, which is known to have occurred during the previous day. Sir Arthur Kennedy, the Governor of Queensland, is at present in Melbourne on a visit to his son-in-law, Rear-admiral the Earl of Clanwilliam. His Excellency and M™ Kennedy (says the Argus) arrived on Saturday, having travelled overland from Sydney, and they are the guests of the Marquis of Normanby at Government House. Some relics of the past were sold in Geelong on Saturday. They consisted of two brick cottages, with kitchens, fronting Little Malop street, just east of Yarra street, and a large dilapidated building, 60 feet in length, fronting Yarra street, and immediately opposite to the Union Bank. The buildings (says the Advertiser) were erected thirty-five years since, and twenty years ago an offer of £1700 for buildings and land was refused. Last week the land was sold to Mr Price, the solicitor, for £290, and on Saturday afternoon all the buildings were sold for £8 15s. The two cottages brought a total sum of £5 15s, whilst the wooden structure m Yarra street, in former years let as a grocery store for £40 a year, realised the sum of £2, or £1 more than the fencing brought. A good deal has been heard of late concerning a m&gio; beer which is being continually emitted from seeds. Some doubts have been expressed concerning its quality, and it has been said to be poisonous. With a view to testing the beer (says the Geelong Times) a gentleman in Geelong forwarded a sample of the seeds to Mr Johnson, the Government analyst, and has received the following reply:—*' Referring to yours respecting 'magic beet 1 made from alleged poisonous material, the sample of seeds sent by you has been analysed by the Government analyst,, who states that the stuff is .a mixture of albumen from blood, and glaten from grain, and is intended for fining purposes; nothing: poisonous." At all the Roman Catholic churches on Sunday last (says the Argus) an "extraordinary" letter, addressed by his Holiness ! Pope Leo Xllt. to the -Catholic world, was read by the officiating clergymen. The document was rather lengthy, its reading at St. Patrick's Cathedral occupying so much time that the usual sermon -was dispensed • with. Pope Leo expressed his alarm at the I rapid spread of revolutionary principles in Europe, and tho consequent danger to Christianity and the church. It was now openly proclaimed that religion most exercise no influence whatever on the civil laws of nations,: and that children should be educated in naught else but what -pertains to secular things. These revolutionary doctrines woald inevitably result in the destruction of social 33 order, and the cbnrch, the living exponent of divine truth, unhesitatingly condemns them as false, erroneous, and fatal. The pope -also briefly refers to the unjust deprivation of his temporal powers, the trammels nnder w^ich he is compelled to exercise his authority, and the persecution to winch, he is subjected at the bands of Italian infidels. In conclusion, the Pope urges on the faithful throughout the world the necessity of fervent 'prayer to the Almighty, Itiat He might protect the church in this hour of her trial, and remove the dangers with which she is surrounded. The Geelong Advertiser of yesterday e that' "Mounted-constable Mackay, stationed at little River, reported on Saturday to the Superintendent of Police that on the night of Hie 26th instant. Eobert fblpps, aged thirteen, son of a platelayer residing at little River, handed him four deposit receipts. The boy stated that he found them on" a stonewall, near the^LStHo River, tied tip in & email bag. He (tin constable) inspected (he place, and was of opinion that they were left there by the flood. No man of the name" of Thomas Burkq, as mentioned in the receipts particularised below, had been known there. The managers of-the banks which they were drawn on may possibly be able to throw light on the matter. The descriptions of the receipts is as -follows:—1st. On the ank of Anstrabsja^Mplbonrne, Mo, 22,160, or £5S0, received from Tkomas Burfre, 14th uly, 1879; deposited for twelve months at 6 er cent 2nd.. On the CbpimercSal Bank of Australia, Limited, Melbourne, No. 3286, or £391 16s; deposited 14th July, 1879, for twelve months. 3rd. On the Melbotane Corporation, limited, No. C 6S75, for £300; deposited 14th July, 1879, for twelve months, received from 17,541. _ Fourth document too far gone to afford particulars. Unfavorable symptoms (says the Teha.-aph) have set in in the case of the girl Nightingale, alias Lewis, whose throat was cut by CoHey, at Bedfern cottage, BnsseQ street, some time ago, and fear is entertained for her recovery. Colley is almost convalescent. A meeting of the Lara branch of the National Reform League was held at the shire hall, Lara, on Friday morning. The unanimous opinion of the meeting (says the Geelong Advertiser) was that the best thanks of this league be given to Mr Berry and his colleagues for the^ction they had taken, and that if possible it would be desirable to secure the £10 franchise all round, and the £100 qualification for members, but if this could not be obtained, to drop- the bill this session and send, it up next session, as nothing less would satisfy the country. A determined case of attempted suicide-by a man named James Lindell, aged sixty-one years, residing at Dover street, Richmond, occurred (says the Age) on Saturday evening. The unfortunate man was found in his room by his son in a- pool of blood, with his throat cut from ear to ear with a razor. He was at once taken to the hospital. There appears to be but little hope of the man's recovery. No reasons are assigned for the commission of the deed, and very little is known abont him. [lindelldied yesterday.] A ludicrous, but for the victim memorable, incident (says the Telegraph) occurred shortly "after twelve o'clock on Monday morning in Little IJonrke street. Paul Metzenthiem, the landlord of 'the Colonial Family hotel, thought he heard someone stealing the bottles of his neighbor, whose yard adjoins his, and wlio has missed a great many recently, and jumped over the wall to seize the supposed thief. Instead of the thief, it was the proprietor of the yard, who, in turn, thought Metzenthiem was a thief, and struck him a terrific blow on the head -with a billet of wood, inflicting a Bevere scalp wound, for which Metzenthiem had to be treated at the Melbourne Hospital. When the mistake was discovered, mutual explanations and regret were forthcoming. On Snnday night (says the Argus) a somewhat serious encounter took place between a nmiber of seamen who had deserted from the squadron and the police. Constable Waldron, who was accompanied by a masterat-arms, arrested five stragglers in Bourke street, and after some little difficulty placed four of them in a cab, and proceeded towards Sandridge, in order to put them on board their vessel. On reaching the Falls bridge, the men commenced to resist, and a desperate straggle ensued. One of the men jumped out of the cab, and was followed by Constable Lemaiti, thus leaving Waldron with the other three to contend with. They attacked him in a most vicious manner, but he maintained his position for some time, yet he was severely kicked about the head and body, and one of the men at last got away. WaWron retained bi? hold upon the other two, however, and Lemain captured the man whom he pursued. The other m^n succeeded in getting away. At this juncture Senior-constable Nelson and Constable Rahilly appeared upon the scene, and the three men remaining were secured and removed to the Sadd ridge watchhouse. The injuries received by Constable Waldron are of so serious a nature that he will be incapacitated from fulfilling his duties for some days. MarritcU, who, it will be remembered, murdered his wife at Adelaide, a few days since, in a fit of jealousy, was (says an Argus telegram) arrested on Saturday night near Port Augusta. He was in a very weak state from loss of blood. He bad a revolver in his belt and fifteen cartridges in his pocket. He gave himself np quietly. He is reticent about speaking of the murder, except that he says his wife was faithless. . He has a nasty shot wound under the left jaw. He states that he had no intention of shooting himself, bat while running away from the house he struck his foot against an obstruction and fell, when the revolver went offand inflicted the wound. He had been roaming about the country since. The Kyneton Guardian notices the existence of a centenarian, whose daughter, aged seventy- four, appealed to the shire council for support for the old man. His name is Murdoch M'Kenzie, and he is said to be " the. father of several very old men in the district." He took the step of emigrating when he was aged seventy. Lambing (reports the Ararat Advertiser) is steadily progressing amongst crossbred flocks, and on some stations has been almost completed, though a start has hardly yet been made by merino sheep. The average, as was anticipated by all, has so far been unusually low, the effect of the severe drought of the autumn being everywhere apparent. In some of the early paddocks in the direction of Baglan the lambs were killed as soon as dropped, in order to save the ewes, and where this precaution was not taken there was a very heavy mortality amongst both ewes and lambs. Since the rain, grass has sprung vigorously, and there is now in most places a little feed, and sheep and stock of .all kinds are rapidly improving. As far as we have been able to ascertain at present^ the average will not be above 60 per cent, amongst the crossbred Socks, and tnat of merinoes cannot be expected to greatly exceed that amount, more especially should frosty weather set in early. A sufficient quantity of rain has fallen to permit farmers to carry on ploughing operations, and a fair amount of land is being prepared for seeding. Some persons at Carlsbrook (saye the Maryborough Advertiser) are very much distressed just now on account-of the nightty appearance of a ghost in the by-streets of that borough. Hie facts to hand are to the effect that a black spectre, whose height is estimated to be about 7 feet, is in the habit of appearing after dark upon the fiat. Its facc is enveloped in crape, and its tout ensemble is in every way horrible. Whatever may be its intentions, the haunts it most particularly frequents are in the neighborhood of the small houses inhabited by the miners. Upon two occasions lately it has ventured to take hold of respectable females, both of -whom aver that its clasp is one which it is desirable to avoid, and they were terribly frightened! A number of other ladies and children have seen it, and also a miner has taken note of its existence. Parties of men and boys have been oat to try to capture the alleged supernatural visitor, and iftheyshonld eventually succeed, they will make it aB warm for lus. old bones -above ground as ever he could reasonable hope to experience below. ' A considerable number of well-to-do eople have met with their deaths in Qgland lately through the careless use of gas stoves in bath-rooms. A London doctor said last March that he he had attended six cases in a week, of which four proved fatal. The causc of death was suffocation, through the noxious fumes of the gas not having a proper escape. We are requested to draw the attention of residents around Smythesdale to the sale by Mr J. S. Lyons of the Rev. Father Fennelly's superior household furniture and effects, which takes place to-morrow, at the Soman Catholic presbytery, Smythesdale. According to adve-tiseuient, the Bev. W. B. and Mrs Osborn will conduct a special religious service in the Neil Street Wesleyan Church each afternoon at three, and evening at half-pas^ six daring the week. A~ rehearsal by the Ballarat Philharmonic Society is announced for this evening. A battalion parade of the Ballarat Volunteer Hangers will lake place on Wednesday evening next, at half-past seven o'clock. A meeting of the Lcyal Hat.d of Friendship xlge, H.U., is convened for this evening at the Societies' Hall, Grenville street. ayB 