ILKA ON THE HILL-TOP. (Conduded. -Cn?A IILa .... .. The restaurant of the "Haute Noblesso" was a splendid specimen of artistic decora tion.-:li wallh were fr-s~wits(ll of marvellous hunting scenes, which Fritz biograpdy. --?ierertgiýJ iina.a?LWn auto. fuanous ped: before a stout younggentleman on horseback, who was. levelling his deadly aim -at, them " there: the same stout yqung gentleman; with whiskers and. general ap. pearance slightly, altered, was standing be; hind a big .tre, iring at a hare who was coming straight toward him, pursued :by a pack of terrible hounds; again, on a'third wall, the stout young gentleman had under gone a further metamorphosis which almost endangered his identity; he was standing at the edge of a swamp, and a couple of ,ducks were making somersaults in the air, as they fluttered:with bruised wings down:towhere the dogs stood expecting them;., on wall number four, which..contained , the chef. d'irurr' of the collection, the young Ninirod, who everywhere bore a mor .or loss remote resemblance to Fritz Hahn, was engaged in a mortal combsawitih- ild 'boar, and was performing miraculous feats oLstrength and prowess. The buent oom-to-which it was, for some unkiionii redn,' deemed a high privilege to be admitted-was ornamented with a.variety of trophiesof she chase, which were intended, no doubt, as incontestable proofs of the.,eracity .of the frescoed nar rative, There; were stuffed stags' heads crowned with enormous antlers (of a species, as a naturalist asserted, which is not found outsideINorth Ameica), heads of bears, the insides ofhhmc months were painted in the bloodiest of,colors, and boars whose upward. pointd tusksgave evidence of incredible bloodthirstines.: Even the old clock in the coiner, (a ,piece of furniture. which every custoiner took pains to assure Mr. Hahn that he. envied, him), had a frame,of curiously carvedl,and intertwisted antlers, the ige niona workmanship of which deserved.all the admiration which it received. Mr.. Hahn had' got it. for'a song at an auction some iiherein the provinces; but the history. of the cock which Fritz told omitted mention. ing this incident . , . ,j,. ,:..;, : ,,, , ,In this inner room, on theo'lth of,April, i6, l Mr. Hahn and, his son wer:holding a solemn. consultation, The news :of the fall 7df.Dnppel, and. the,_onsequent .conquest of all.Schleswig, had just;been received, and the capital was in a fever of -warlilfe enthn .iasm...,That two, great. nations like the' Prussians, and the Austrians, counting: to gether more. than ifty millions, could con ;queipoor little Denmark, with itsetwo mil lione, semed at that ;time .a great and glo .ious .feat, and the : conquerors have never ceaseCd tq feel proud of it. Mr.. Hahn, of course,. was overflowing with. loyalty and patriotism,.which, like all his other senti mentsi he.was anxious to convert into cash. He had, therefore, made arrangements for a Sogeafe.t on a magnificent scale, which wa to take p on.thesecond of May, whenl the first regiments of the victorious army' were expected in Berlin. It wasthe detail of this festival which he and Fritz had been plotting ia the back room at the restaurant,) and they were both in a state of agreeable agitation at'the thought of the tremendoun success which.would; no doubt, result from' their'combined efforts. ItwL s decided that Ilk, 'whom.by various pretexts MIr. Hahl had managed to detain in. Berlin througn the whole winter, should appear in a highly fantastic . costume as i Germania, and sing 'IDie Wacht am Rhein"and "Heil dir ini Siegeskranz," as.a greeting to the returning wariors.U If the weather proved favourable; the gaiden waa to be brilliantly illuminated, and . the likenesses, of . King Wilhelm, ]lis marck and yon Moltke were to appear in gas-jets,ceach surmounting a triumphal arch,; which was to be erected in front of the stage and at the two entrances to the garden. "As regards that Tyrolese wench," said Fritz, us he"lighted a fresh cigar, "are you sure we can persuade her to don the Ger mania castume? ,She seems to have some pretty crooked notions' on some points, and the old womn,' you know, is as balky as a stage horse." . "' Leave that to:me,'.Fritzchen, leave-that tome,"replied the father,, confidently. "I know how to manage the women. Thirty years' practice, my dear-thirty years' prac tice :goes: for: more .in such matters than a stripling like you canimagine." This remark, for. some renson, seemed to irritate.Mr., Fritz'exceedingly. He thrust :.his hands deeply into his pockets, and began ,to stalk up and down the floor with a sullen, discontented air. "Abh lyou old fox," he muttered to him. self, '" you have been' hunting on my pre serves. ,But I'll catch you in your own trap, as sure as my name is Fritz." ' ',The .sly ,young rascal I" thought Mr. !Hahn; ; "you .,have been sniffing-in your !father's cupboard, have you i " "Fritz my dear," he said aloud, stretch. .ing himself with a long, hypocritical yawn, `?.t is ridiculons for two fellows like you andl .me to wear masks in each other's presence. We don't care a straw for the whole Sieges .business; do we, Fritz, except for the doll.us and cents of it? I am deucedly sleepy, and -I am going to bed." ,i '"And so am I, father dear,"responded Fritz, with a sudden outburst of affection. ':Yea, yes, father," he continued heartily, " you and I understand each other. I am ia'chip of the old block, I am--he, he ! " : And with the most effusive cordiality this affectionate' parent and son separated, with the,.avoed purpose of seeking oblivion in lunmber, in their respective apartments: "'."Perhaps I have been doing the old fel owinjustaro, after all," thought Fritz, akhs clasped? his father's" hand once more at the bottom of the staircase. . ".?'he young gosling han't ventured into putocdeep water. as I thought?"' muinmured the happy father, uas he:stood listening to Pritt' footstep. re-echoing through the empty eonidorsi. ., - '. : .,.,L," ' " "arr " .aIV Mr. fHahn, senr., having satisfied-himself aito.hiason's sincerity, retired 'to his pri votechamber; not for tho-purpoas of going ts: est, howevei', hutin order to hmake an elaborate toilet, lving completed which,lhe hailed!r droelhke auddrovo'eto anobsore littlestreetin-the Fridrich-.Wilhelm 8tadt, whee heordered the cochnmnt s stop. As hewas proparing to dismount, to his as tonishment he saw another drosehke driving away from the door which he was intending to entetr. : " Hm," growled Hahn,. "if she has been making .acquaintances, she isn't the girl I took her for. iBut themre are other people living in .the horse, and the visit may not have been for her." Clinging fondly to this hope, he climbed with wary steps tvo lighlts of dark and nor row stairs, which was no easy feat for an elderly gentleman of his bulk. As he reached the second landing, panting and breathless, he found himself in violent contact with another person, who, like himself, seemed to be fumbling for the bell-lmndle. kBeg your pardon, sir," said a voice in the "What, you sneaking young villain ! " cried Hahn in great wrath (for the voice was only too familiar to him); "I might have kioioFi yen were up to some devihslah trick, or you wouldn't- Here the senior Hahn choked, and was seized with a violent coghing fit, . "You miserable bild sinner I" hissed Fritz; "the 4evil has already gothis finger oniyoir This was too mucine5 Mr. Hahn ; he made a rush for his ril, and in a moment he and Fritz were grappling furiously in the dark. It seemed about an even chance who .eas.to ciit .donw tho stoeop s ire case;'but'jiht as the father was within it inch of the dangerous edge, the hall door was torn open, and Mother Uberta, followed ward, grasped the combatants in her strong arms and flung them against the opposite .a..... L f I the floo but each himsef from the other's embrace. " You are a fine, well-behaved lot, you are!" broke out Mother Uberta, planting herself, with.arms akimbo, in .front of the two culprits, and` dispensing her adjectives with equal libefality on both. . "It was a mistake, madame, I assure you," said Hahn huskily, as he pulled out, his'hand kerchief, and began to wipe the dust'off his trousers. The wreath of thin- hair' which he. hal carefully combed, so as to make the naked. bess of his crown less conspicdous; Wasbirist iuig towaids' all the points of thd coipaus. His tall hat had gone on an independent journey down the stairs, and was heard tumbling' deliberately from step to step. Fritz, who had recovered himself mnibh' more rapidly, seemed' to have forgotten that'he had himself borne any part in the disgraceful scene; he looked at his father with a kind of pitying'sauperiority, and begansh to asaist him m the repair of his toilet, with the air ofan officious outsider.' all of which' the crest fallen father endured with great fortituide. He seemed only anxious to explain the situ ation to -the two women, who were' still viewing him with marked disapproval. "*It was all 'a mistake? madim-a great mistake," he kept repeating. "A great mistake," ejaculated 'Mother Uberta, contemptuously. "This isn't a titme to be makin' mistakes outside the door of two lonely women." "It is fifteen minutes past nine," said Hahn meekly, pulling acorpulent gold watch from the pocket of his waistcoat.' "Madame," said Fritz; without the slight est air of apology,' "I canse here to consult you on a matter of business, which would bear no delay." "Exactly, exactly,"' interrupted Hahn eagerly. ''So did I, a matter of ,business which would bear no delay." "Well, Vaterchen, we are simply country women, and we don't understand city man ners. But if you want to see me on busi icass, I shall be at home to-morrow at twelve o'clock." So saying, Mother Uberta slammed the door in the faces of her visitors, and left them to grope their way in the dark down the steep stairway. It was highly characteristic, both of the senior and junior Hahn, that with out a word of explanation they drove home amicably in the same droechke. Ilka's engagement at the "Haute Noblesse" in the autumn had proved a great success, and Mother Uberta, who was never averse to earning money, had, without difficulty, been persuaded to remain in Berlin during thi winter, on condition of the renewal of their contract for another six weeks in the spring. Ilka was, in the meanwhile to take lessons In singing at Hahn's expense, possibly with a view to future distinction as a prima donna of the opera. Her maestro had told her re peatedly that she had naturally a better voice than Nilsson, and that, if she could dry up for every her fountain of tears, she might become a great artiste. For Ilka had the deplorable habit of crying on very slight provocation. The mazesro, with his wild hair, his long, polished nails, and his frantic gesticulations frightened and distressed her; ahe thought and spoke of him as a kind of curious animal, and nothing could persuade her that he and she belonged to the same species. Nor did Mr. Hahn and Fritz seem to her more than half human. Their con stant presents and attentions sometimes annoyed, and frequently alarmed her. She could not rid herself of the apprehension, that behind their honeyed words and manners they were hiding some sinister purpose. She could not comprehend how her mother could talk so freely and fearlessly with them. She thought of Hainsel, who was away in the war, and many an evening she stood outside the telegraph office with a quaking heart, waiting for the bulletin with the names of the dead and the wounded, but H~ansel'a name was never among them. And man y a night she lay awake, yearning for Hiinsel, praying for him and blessing him. She seemed to hear his gay and careless laugh ringing from Alp to Alp-how different from the polite smirk of the junior, that fat grin of the senior Hahn I She saw his tall, agile figure standing upon a rock, leaning upon Iis gun. outlined against the blue horizon-and she heard his strong, clear voice yodling and calling to her from afar. It is not to lK wondered at that Ilka did not thrive in Berlin as well as her mother did; just as the tender-petaled alpine rose can only breathe the cool breezes of its native mountains, and withers and droops if. transplanted to a garden. Mother Uberta was by no means blind to the fact that both Fritz and his father had designs on her daughter, and having con. vinced herself that their prosperity rested on a solid basis, she was not disinclined to favor their suits. The only difficulty was to make a choice between them, and havingascertained that Fritz was entirely dependent upon his father's bounty, she quickly decided in favor of the father, But she was tdw'wis to allow Mr. Htahn to-suspect that he'was a desirable son-in-law, being rather addicted to the be lief that men only worship what seems utterly beyond their reach. Ilka, it is need less to say, was not a party to these specula tions; to her the Hahns appeared equally undesirable in any capacity whatsoever. As for the proprietor of the " Haute No blesse," I believe he was suffering .front an honest infatuation. lie admired Ilka's'face, he admired her neck, her figure, her voice, her inkles as displayed by the short Tyrolese skirt; .he wandered about in a sort of fredzy of unrtest, and was never happy except in her pressince. That a certain amountof specula tion entered into love's dream, I Ocannot positively deny; but, on the whole, the emo tion was as.a sineere as any that Mr. Hahn's bosom had ever harbored. Whether he should allow her to sing.in public after hbe lSel be come his wife was a.point shabout which he sometimes worried, but which' he enledl by deeiding in the affirmative. It 'as a splendidl investment for thC " Haute -oblesse." Mr. Fritz's matrimonial speculations took a somelwhat ldifferent turn. lie ravedl to hIis friends about the perfection of Ilh's physical dlevelopment; talked about hler "polnts ". as if she had been a horse. So nuch of cynicismn always mingledl with his ardor that hen devo tion could hardly be diguijed by the name of love. lie was convinced that if he could keep Ilka for some years in Berlin, andi per scade her to continue cultivating her voice, she would some day be a grLat prnia donna. And Fritz had an idea that prima delonnas alRays grew immnensely rich, and married l worthless husbands whom they allowed great liberties in financial nmatters. Fritz hlad no objection to playing this subordinate part, as long as he could le sure of "hlaving a good I time." BeIyond this point hIis amnlition had never extended. In spite of his great con- 1 fideisce in hiis own irresistibility, and his t frequent boasts of the favors he had received f from the miaiden of his choice, he knew in f hIis heart that his wooing had so far been very unprosperous, and that the prospects j for the future were not encouraging. Ilkha could never rid herself of the impression that c 'ritz was .to be taken veryer iously-that, n fact, there was somethmg almost awful a .bout him. She could lhug at old Hahn's c jokes, and -if he attempted to take liberties she could'`pushsi i r -way; or evau Ive him a slap on his bru.4I But Frntz's talk frightened her by its very unintelligibility; his mirth seemed terrible ; it was like hearing a man laugh in his sleep; and his touch made The return of the first re'menta ofthe middle of ,May, and the Sitgesfest accordingly had to be postponed. But the delay was rather in Mr. Hahn's favor, as it gave, him isbntiP-?? ,W heit tis arrangements, so Noblesse" presented a most brilliant appear. ance. Vividly colored transparencies, repro. senting the most sanguinary battle scenes in more orless fictitious surroundings, were us. pended among the trees ; Danish otlicers were seen. in all sorts of humble attitudes, surb rendering their swords or begging for mercy, while the Prussian and Austrian heroes, maddened with warlike fury, stormed onward in' the path of glory and victory. The gas. jet programme, with the royal and military portraits, was carried out to perfection; and each new wonder was hailed with imimense enthusiasm : by. the assembled multitude. Innumerable Chinese lanterns glimmered throughout the garden, and from time to time red, white and blue magnesium lights sent up a great blaze of color among the trees, now making the budding leaves blush crimson, now silvering them, as with hoar. frost, or illuminating their delicate tracery with an intense blue which shone out brilli antly against the nocturnal sky. Even the flower-beds were made to participate in the patriotic frenzy ; and cunning imitations; in colored glass, of tulips, lilies and roses, with little gas-jet' concealed in' their chalices, were'scattered 'among the natural flowers, which looked like ghosts of their real selves among the splendid counterfeits. "In order to tune the audience into perfect'accord with the occasion;' Mr. Hahn had also engaged three' monster binds, which, since 'early in the afternoon, had' beeiibooming forth mar tial 'melodies from three different platforms draped in national lanners. 'The hour was iow approaching when Ger mania was to lift up her, voice to celebrate the glori6us achievements of her sons. The audience, which consisted largely of soldiers and officers, werethronging forward to the tribune !where she was advertised to appear, and the w aiters, µ ho had difficulty in supply iog the'universal demand foirbei?, had formed a line from the bar to the platform, along which the foam-crowned schooners were pass ing in uninterrupted succession. Fritz, who was fond of fraternising with the military profession, had attached himself to a young soldier in Austrian uniform with the iron cross upon his bosom. They were seated amicably together at a small table near the stage, and the soldier, by liberal treats of beer, had been induced to relate some of his adventures in the war. He was a tall, robust man, with a large blonde moustache and an open, fearless countenance. lie talked very modestly about his own share in the victories, and cooled Fritzs enthusiasm by theextreme plainness of his statements. "It was rather an uneven game at the start," he said. "They were so few and we were so many. We couldn't have helped whipping them, even if we had done worse than we did." " You don't mean to say that we were not brave," responded Fritz, with an ardor which was more than half feigned. "No, I don't say that," said the warrior, gravely. "We were brave, and so were they. Therefore the numbers had to decide it." He emptied his glass and rose to go. "No, wait a moment," urged Fritz, laying hold of his arm. " Take another glaass You must stay and hear Germania. She is to sing 'Die Wacht am Rhein' and ' Heil dir im Siegeskranz.'" *" ery well," answeired thesolhlidr, seat ing himself again. " I-have furliigh for too night, and I can stay here as well as -any. where." Two more glasses were ordered; and pre sently arrived. "Listen I" began Fritz, leaning confidenti. ally across the table. " I suppose you have a sweetheart?" "'Yes, I have, God bless her," replied the other, simply, "though I haven't seen her these six months, and not heard from her, either. She isn't much of a hand for writing, and, somehow, I never could get the right crooks on the letters." " Here's to your health," sail Fritz, lifting his glass and touching it to that of his com panion. " With all my heart," responded the latter, sad drained the beer mug at one draught. They sat for a while in silence, Fritz try ing to estimate the pecuniary value of the audience, the soldier gazing, with a half-sad and dreamy expression, into the dark sky. "Curious lot, the women," broke out the junior Hahn, chuckling to himself, as if ahnorbed in some particularly delightful re trospect. "There is the girl, now, who ie to slug as Germania to-night, and, between you and me, I don't mind telling you that oiho is rather smitten with me. She is as fine a speci. men of a woman as ever trod in two shoes; splendid armnus, a neck like alabaster with the tiniest tinge of red in it, and-well, I might expatiate further, but I won't. Now, you wouldn't think it of a girl like that; but the fact is, she is as arch and coquettish as a kitten. It was only the other night I went to see her-the old woman was in the room--" A tremendoas burst of applause completely drowned Fritz's voice, as Germania walked out upon the stage. She was dressed in white, flowing robes, with a golden zone about her waist, and a glitterinfg diamond in her hair. A mantle of the finest white cash mere, fastened with a Roman clasp on her left shoulder, and drawn through the :one on the right side, showed the fierce Prussian eagle, embroidered in black and gold. A miniature copy of the same glorious bird, also in gilt embroidery, shone on her breast. She had been elaborately trained by her manesro as to how she was to step the stage, what at titudes she was to assume, &c.;, and the first part of the programme she performed very creditably, and with sole reference to her in structions. The orchestra oegan to rumble somethling hy way of an introduction. The sohlier in the Austrian uniform at Fritz's table turned pale, and sat staring fixedly upon the' stage. Ilka stood for a moment gazing out upon tIhe surging mass of humanity at her feet; she heard the clanking of the scabbards andl swords, andi saw the white and the blue lmi forms commingled in friendly confusion. WYhere was Hiinsel now-the dear, gay, faith fil iI.ianseld ? Shle struck out boldly, and her strong, sonorous voice soaredl easily above the orlchestral Iccomnpanimenta. " foil dir im Siegeskranz !"--she was hailingthe return in warriors with a song of triumph, while |limnsel, perhtape, lay on some bloody battle tield, with sightless eyes staring against the aiwful sky. Ilkas vorwe began to tremble, and thie tears flooded her beautiful eyes. The soldier in the Austrian uniform tremblled, too, and never removed his gaze front tlhe countenance of the singer. There was joy and triumph in her song; but there wms sorrow, too-sorrow for the many brave ones that remained behind, sorrow for the imidens that loved them, and the mothers that wept for them. As Ilka withdrew, after having finished the last stanza, the ausdience grew almost frantic withl enthusiasm; the men jumped up on benches anid htables, shouted, and swung their hats, and even the women cheered at the tops of their voices. A re. petition was loudly called for, and Ilka, lthough herself overcome with emotion, was oblige to yield. She walked up to the foot light, and begani to yodlo sofly.~4t sounded itrasgcly airy dlid'far away. She pixt her hand to her ear and listened for a moment, as if she expected a reply, but there was a breathless silence in the audience. Only a heavy sigh came from the table where Fritz .--witl he-.Austriaw- oldier)n --1,htryeod p" o adozd rod fo the ace; -and sang.itaý a.dea gficnthbaritone 'Pe1 l ie s hise hill-top, While rive rs seaward flow, Is thy heart as true and loving As it was a year ago ! " Hobl -ohli-ohli-i-ho IIp lohli-oblllhoi" lohllf-h Iile sto fodr, a while'"?it setabcdp' he? oyes peered in the direction whence the voice had come; her face lighted with a sweet, serene , happines;i but ,:the tears streanmed down her cheeks as she answeredr: SI Dearest Illnsel, in tho valley; :. . I will tell yeou, tell you true. Yes, my heart is cverlovin g, .. ; True soa loving' unto'yauc " S llohll-elili-ohll.ho!' lHohlli-oll-bll.llho! IIfohll-ohI tl Suddenly she madie ' leap over the edge of the stage, andin the next moment'thb gorge ons Germania lay sobbing on the soldier's bosom. It made a very touching tableasi, and some of the malosceptice among the audience were inclined to view it in that light. ..Fritz Hahn,' as soon as the idea wais uggested to him, eagerly. adoptedrlit, 'and admitted, in confidence, to half i dozen friends,.whom he had allowed to suspect the fair singer's de votion to him, that it was all a pre-arranged effect, and that he was himself the author of it. "Germania'. weeping on the breast lf'her returning'son," he saidl " What could be more appropriate on a day like this i" The maidens aid matrons, however, would listen to' no' each' theory; they wept opeily at the sightof the re-united lovers, and have until this day maintiined that the scene was too spontaneous and genuine to be a product of Mr. Hahn's inventive genius. The singing of "Die Wacht am Rhein," altbhoug advertised on the pro , ramme had to be indefiniteiy postponed, for menania had suddenly disappeared, and was nowhere to be found. The Austrian soldier, however, was aeeni later in the evening, and some one heard 'him inquiring in a fierce tone for the junior Hahli but the junior Hahn, probably aiticipatingsomo unpleasantness, had retired from the public gas , CtlArTa VL Six weeks after this occurrence, it was St. John's day-there was a merry festival in the village of Mayrhofen. IIka and H.nusel were bride anl groom, and as they returned from church the maidens of the village walkedin wedding procession, and strewed flowers be. fore them. And in the evening, when the singing and fiddling and dancing were at an end, and the guests had departed, Mother Uberta beckoned HIansel aside, and with a mysterious air handed him something heavy tied up in the corner of a handkerchief. " There," she said, " is eight hundred and fifty florins. It is Ilka's own money which she earned in Berlin. Now you may pay off the mortgage, and the farm is yours." "Mother Uberta,"answered Hiinnel, lansh. ing,'and pulling out a skin purse fromlia bosom. "Here is what I have been saving these many years. It is eight hundred and fifty florins. ' " Hnasel, Hiinsel," cried Mother Uberta in great glee, "it is what I always said of you. You a a jewel of a lad."--Scribrr's Jlnh~ae,ty 