[THE MEDDLER I am in what the late Mr. Charles Harpur called "the bardic mood;" and, as the hour is convenient and the leisure unfortunately ample, I intend to write an ode. As the nightingale and skylark busi- ness has been played out by Messrs. Keats, Shelley, and others, it occurs to me to strike a new lead by giving my views on the kookaburra question. At the risk, therefore, of raising an army of reproachful poetic ghosts, I will proceed:— Here in a mellow evening land, Where sighs the sedge and hops the flea, The happy flies on every hand Are busy "wiring" into me! But, hang the flies and blow the fleas! Here close by soldier-ants' abode, Inspired by breaths of winds and seas, I sing a kookaburra ode. for thee, O bird of ample beak, Devourer of the luscious grub, The green dim woodland shade I seek And mount the proud poetic tub— The proud poetic tub I mount With turned-down collar, turned-up eyes, And, in the sound of murmuring fount, On wings of rhapsody I rise. O bird whose tastes would hardly take The cafe epicure—O cool Consumer of the uncooked snake And bullfrog of the stagnant pool— What sort of trumpet shall I sound And hawk about in praise of thee? Ah, tell the jackass on the ground, O happy jackass on the tree! Thou art an oddity; but still I don't intend thy shape to mock, Because I may have yet to till A good square forty-acre block. I will not do thy fair fame harm, Because I yet may "cut" the town, And want thee on a little farm To eat the bold "goannas" down. But there are men of evil will Who soil thy name with their remarks; For instance, Mr. Richard Hill Compared thee to Sir Henry P—kes! And certain members that we know, In course of an inflamed harangue, Were called, as all the papers show, The noisy kookaburra gang! But while the snakes and lizards last, And while the swamp with frogs is thick, Thou'lt have—as in thy merry past— A better time of it than Dick. Still feed away on grubs and laugh, And make the sleepy splitter swear Our human life is half and half; But thine is free as light and air. About an hour ago a haggard, half -naked man, with wild eyes and dishevelled hair, burst into my study, dashed a locked and sealed tin case on my table, capsized ink, beer, and all, and then told me that he had unearthed an unknown monster. ' Where is the monster r' I asked, looking sorrowfully at my spilt Toohey. ' Vy, in that air box,' howled the terrified bundle of rags. Said bundle then gave me a mixed description of the cnged terror; and, acting upon advice, I engaged the services of half-a-dozen armed policemen, and under cover of their rifles proceeded to break open the case. This I did with a long handled shovel, and the results were an Irish shriek and the appearance of a mantis. I have, of course, recommended its gallant captor to the head of the Vic torian police. Hercules Harris among the Hookencs : Migrntion of Vie Jiooks. I see it is proposed to cut off the supply of water to baths in private houses. What a delightful prospect is before us should hot weather set in ! Quarantine grounds will doubtless be set apart on the borders of the neighbouring colonies, and Sydney passengers by intercolonial steamers will have a railed-off space to themselves. 'An ounce of civet, good apothecary,' will be a constant cry in Melbourne whenever a Sydney man is seen approaching ; and they will be required, like Roderick Random, to stand off whilst rose water is thrown over them. It will become fashionable to hold the nose gracefully when con versing with one from the city of the Unwashed, and instead of showing hospitality by offering a friend a drink we will smilingly welcome him. with a proffered tub. Habitual despisers of the bath will then come to the fore, and soap manufacturers file their schedules ; chemists, whilst suffering from the falling off in the demand for scented soap, will find the in creased sale of perfumes recoup them. But, alas for the ladies of the washing tub ! What avails clean linen to an -unsoaped, bathless man ! Let us button our coats, up to our throats and save our washing bills. What though we may at first regard with envy visitors from neighbouring colonies, who step ashore clothed in white samite, mystic, wonderful, we shall soon look UDon them with hatred and contempt, even as a ragged larrikin looks upon a well-dressed gentleman. Iu future, as a mark of effeminate luxuriousness, we will say, with withering scorn, ' That man washes himself'!' Of all occupations fruitful in disappointments, recommend us to travel ; our eyes are thereby opened in a wav that home-keeping vouths little dream of. When we saunter down into the saloon of the City of Melbourne to put our name on the steward's li.=t, does not our young and verdant heart throb as we see ' Miss Ethel Maude de Roslyn' inscribed in fairy characters on the same sheet. And, in our mind's eye, we picture Miss Ethel Maude thus, and think of blissful minutes spent in pointing out to her the beauties of the scenery we pass, when fellow-travellers. We have lost sight of the A.S.N. Wharf, we have passed^between the Heads, thelonsrs well of thePacific is making itself felt, and we have taken our seat on some luggage that still cumbers the deck, and are just beginning to wonder if we shall escape sea- sickness for this time only, when a deep voice sounds near us, and somebody says, ' I'll trouble you young man to get off my box/' Alas ! on that box was written, ' Miss Ethel Maude de Roslyn,' and before us stood the owner of that sweet name. At last a few showers of rain. Certainly through the past week there has been water enough in the clouds above Sydney and its environs to have filled all the Botany swamps and North Shore tanks full to overflowing, but it remained in the clouds, or broke farther inland upon the mountain ranges. As yet we have not learned to control Jupiter Pluvius, very slightly to understand him. Very frequently he laughs both the prophets and their instruments to scorn. The glasses come down, and men creep cautiously about with indiarubber coats and open umbrellas ; but the rain keeps up in the clouds, and the travellers go home disappointed and dry. Again, the mercury jumps up to the top of the tube, the clouds look distant and thin, and tens of thousands of dames et demoiselles troop out gorgeously ap parelled, ready to be spoiled by the fir.it drop of rain. And upon that day, if there be a drop of rain in all the heavens, just bet your buttons it will come down. Is it that Jupiter Pluvius is a vengeful deity and a hater of woman kind? or, have feathers and furbelows, stiffened muslins, and rustling silks an attractive influence upon the lingering, doubting rain-clouds ? Cannot this strange coincidence of unwelcome rain, spoiling holidays and marring pretty faces, be viewed from a scientific standpoint r Is it possible now that, if all the women of Sydney were gathered in their Sunday clothes about the Botany hills, the rain would straight way come down in a deluge ; and, if so, why ? Would Jupiter Pluvius be weeping over the presence of so much sweet iniquity, or shedding water of baptism upon them to cleanse them of their many sins? or would he, as a great, large-hearted, loving Deity, be descending with open arms to embrace them all ? We commend the subject to those Avhoni it especially concerns. Certainly we think our savants should discern the signs of the times somewhat more faith fully. If not 'cloud-compelling,' they might at least be cloud-discerning ; and, -when the east wind blows and the black clouds arise, speak confidently as to the fate of the day. Poor Adam Lindsay Gordon, in one of his most spirited ballads, makes the somewhat suicidal remark that ' men at the bottom are mostly brutes ;' and, taking some husbands into view, I am inclined to go a little way on his track. I happen to know Smithers — a big, bitter, matter-of-fact ruflian, wllo recom mends his charming wife to become a ' medium' on the grounds that she is all soul. As, like a distin guished English beauty, madame has extensive feet, the barbarous point in Mr. Smithers's hint is easily seen. He is worse than the Yankee savage who sug gested to his portly wife the character of a ' captive balloon1' for a forthcoming fancy dress ball. ' But how am I to dress for the part?' asked the puzzled lady. ' Merely tie a string to your foot ' was the fiendish reply. Proctor's persecution by Parkes resulted, according to Smythe, in the former's paying progress through Maoriland. When first the news was flashed to Aus tralia that the distinguished astronomer was about to pay us a visit, we felt honoured — much honoured — that one who had sounded the stellar depths, had pro pounded new and startling theories a* to other worlds, and had backed those theories up with arguments and deductions unanswerable, was about to come amongst us, and shed upon us the reflection of his great talents — expound in his own popular and fascinating manner the wonders of modern discovery in that portion of the illimitable universe within the reach of human vision. We felt also pleased that Aus tralians would see the author of works which they had read with delight, and hear from his own lips the process by which he had arrived at his con clusions. He came— but we need not here reproduce the accounts of his successes as a lecturer on as tronomy through these colonies. It is with his leave-taking that we have just now to do. We have no doubt Mr. Proctor was the best-paying star his 'genial friend,' that clever entrepreneur, Mr. Smythe, has yet had to do with in a business way ; and it was indeed a happv thought of his when he hit upon the learned and popular scientist while on the look-out for a novelty to succeed the Rev. Charles Clarke. We are in debted to Mx. Smythe for the benefits conferred on these colonies by the visit of so eminent a philosopher, and we could not but feel flattered at the high eulo gium the latter has expressed on the hospitality of the Australias towards him ; but in his letter to the Argus Mr. Proctor should have finished with the sen tence commencing, ' Twice the time I have passed, &c.;' He might even have omitted the allusion to his never having attempted any approach to oratory (to put dry details into lucid and pleasing phraseology is better than, high flights of oratory) as people went to hear him expound and not embellish. One naturally looks for dignity in persons who stand high in the intellectual section of mankind. One would imagine that, however hurt Mr. Proctor might feel at the interference of Sir Henry Parkes with his Sun day lectures, and the Premier's rather vulgar allusion to the author of works which must hand down Mr. Proctor's name to remote posterity — when we fear even that of Sir Henry, will have passed out of remembrance — it was scarcely necessary for him to fall back on his ' genial com panion ' and business agent for a dig at the doughty knight. He might have given Sir Henry credit for respecting the conscientious convictions of a large section of the community, or for seeming to respect them, which is outwardly about the same thing, if he did not. To many persons the Sunday is a day of ' rest,' a day on which they do not desire to work themselves, and have the satisfaction also of knowing that others enjoy the same abstinence from the six days' condition of human existence. There is something in that. We cannot give Sir Henry credit for any fanatic reverence for the Sabbath; but, like most Englishmen, he probably believes that the institution, Divine or Mosaic, is worth preserving. And in the opinion of many Mr. Proctor's desire to please and instruct on that particular Sunday when he was pre vented was largely influenced by the quiet ' century' that Mr. Smythe and himself would divide from the charge for admission. However, if the ' persecution' increased Mr. Proctor's receipts in New Zealand by two-thirds, he is no doubt satisfied, and Sir Henry gets the kudos and the censure of being a Sabbatarian, and he ought to be satisfied. So that ' All's well that ends well.' If you wish to study the philosophy of lying, pick up a genuine old hand ; there are a few left, knocking about the country, like the dens and hovels that still charnel vice and misery in the city. Catch your old hand, I say, and have a regard to his species, for he must be talkative, and in no case morose. Then pro ceed to handle him in this wise. Tell him a little lie, he will follow with one of respectable proportion. Tell him a bigger one, he will follow with something large an d full. Tell him the biggest you kno w, and if he does not straight tell you the biggest you have ever heard, then, literatim et verbatim, call me another. I started once with aphides ; they were destroying the roses, and my old hand helped me with tobacco smoke to de stroy them. Of course he blew the biggest cloud— if hecouldn'the wouldhave ' busted'— and when we had blown enough tobacco, he began to blow about aphides. He had seen in the old time a plague of aphides to which the flies of Pharaoh were a circumstance, and a small one. It was in Governor Macquarie's time. They came down from the heavens and began upon the cabbages and the corn: That sort of provender didn't last long, and in a week or two the grass and the gum trees were assailed. All the plains gray, and all the gum trees stripped by winter. ' And then ?' ' Then they went for the manes and tails of the horses, and by spring every horse in the settlement had a neck like a cow and a tail like a kangaroo.' ' And then ?' ' Why, what would you think then ?' I said that I could not think, the depth confounded me. He did not require to think, but replied without hesitation : ' Why, Governor Macquarie called a prayer-day, and gave all hands a holiday, and fire came down and killed every aphis, and rain in the tail of it, and by the fall the grass was green, and the trees had leaves, and the horses' tails and manes longer than ever. You see them nowadays, that's certain.' i had a r/.rr.icn, Hut the water teas turned off. Air. Patterson, Minister for Railways in Victoria, deserves a statue. Never in the history of responsible government in this or any other country has a Cabinet Minister yielded his patronage, and handed over the power of appointing to the Government service to his subordinate. Mr. Patterson commenced this salutary change in the Post Office when Post master-General, and he has been testimonialized and thanked by the employees of that depart ment for having framed regulations which ensure the fair promotion of the officials there. Will Mr. Berry follow his colleague's example ? That is the question. It is a sacrifice that can hardly be ex pected from a Minister with such a decided leanings to nepotism. To be able to provide for brothers, cousins, and uncles, and a host of friends out of the public funds is something not to be lightly thrown away we admit, especially when he who has that power is impervious to public criticism on flagrant abuses of patronage. But, on the other hand, what a relief it must bo, when a Minister is beset by hordes of hungry applicants for oflice for themselves or their friends, to be able to point to regulations which even he cannot set aside of his own free will. If Mr. Patterson's decision is adopted by the rest of the Cabinet, there will be no more Black Wednesdays ; no manufacturing of billets, especially for political partisans ; no pitchforking incompetent relations over the heads of deserving and competent servants of the public who have earned promotion by their faithful services ; no sweeping away of Civil servants who have rendered themselves ob noxious to some caddish Minister by asserting a commendable independence, with a proper respect for those above them. Verily, the Civil Service millen nium is at hand in Victoria, and we say again Mr. Patterson deserves a statue, even for the attempt to - reform the abuse of patronage. His Worship of Sydney besieged in the Ibun Halt. There is usually a very smart man in every com pany ; also a dull one, a ninny, a butt, a fool. We always shrug our shoulders and smile when the fool gets fooled and the butt gets kicked ; but when occa sionally the fool marks a point against the sage, or the butt turns round and dances a fandango upon the ruin of his tormentor, we laugh uproariously ; and indeed it is very fit that we should thus laugh, for the habitual winners have more than their proper share of fun every day. Note this case in point. X was the man of the club : warhawk, fleecer, sheerer. With cue or dice or cards his motto was ever the same: 'Ready; aye, ready !' To him came Z— a lamb to the shearer, eager to be shorn. Z was young and innocent; in his pockets ever a mellow rattle of golden coin. X angled ; Z bit ravenously. ' The night is long,' he said, ' shall we play ?' ' ^'e shall,' answered X. 'But what? I play but or-e game.' My dear sir, it is the same to me ; I play every game.' ' You will play my game ?' 'I will.' ' It is beggar my neighbour !' Then, the light went out from the eyes of X, and lie thought to plead a raging tooth, or a frightfully disordered liver, by way of excuse ; but many witnesses stood around, anil the excuse would at best have walked lamely, so they played the foolish game, and the young lamb went home with his own fleece, white and bright ; but the black sheep went shivering through many wintry months. J On Tuesday next it is probable that a larcre majority of us shall be awakened at a preternaturallv eaily hour of the morning, for then may news be ex'- pected of that second great aquatic contest wherein our cornstalk fame is staked. Right well we remem ber the last eventful day— the drooping tassels and the withered leaves, the downcast eyes and the blighted hopes, and the unjust suspicions and the many angry words. Better luck betide us in the coming event, or at least better tempers under our very probable disappointment. For, speaking truthfully, though I would fain pro phesy pleasant things and realize them in accom plished facts, I look upon our chance of success with the minimum of hope. Frankly, my friends, I would not bet a thrashed corncob upon our hero. We know he is good; but have we not proved Trickett to be a good deal better, and has it not been very plainly shown to us that Hanlan is just a little better still ? In any case, keep your money in your pockets until the race is pulled ; then, if our hero be indeed in the front, crown him with Currajong and bottle-brush, and buy him a silver tankard big enough. ' for a bath-tub, and a belt to envelop him from shoulders to hips ; but should the stanch and plucky Canadian still be Lord of the Waters, then let us show the world that we can sympathise with hon ourable defeat as readily as we can crown success, reward Laycock well for that which he has accom plished, and look about for another cornstalk to succeed where he has failed. On Wednesday last no less than 23 questions were asked in the Assembly. With what longing the honorable M.L.C.'s must have regarded this plethora of legislatorial business, for on the same day they had to meet in order that one solitary question miffht be answered by the representative of the Government in the Upper House ; and what do vou think, gentle reader, it was r ' When will the' bridge over the Parramatta River be opened for traffic r' Well might the members of that branch exclaim, 'Oh for a Buchanan, a M'Elhone, a Melville, anybody, to break the sepulchral silence of the Senate I' 