Boorkooyanna Mission Station. To the Editor of the Y. P. Advertiser. SIR—A letter appeared in your issue of January 2Stb, relating to the above, signed " Zoar". Anonymous writers who are ashamed of thfir names and afraid of fair play, usually fight with shadows and have their eyes blinded to realities. " Zoar" from his biding place has seen a phantom, and it has troubled him ; but had he waited my return from Adelaide before he rushed into print, a little conversation woold have saved bim from the alarm through which he has passed by the created ghosts of his own imagination. The ancient town of " Z iar" was " a littls one' but the dissatisfied Lot did not find it a congenial dwelling-place, though the unseatarian inhabitants of the cities of the plain had ceased to " vex his righteous soul." And your correspondent evidently has not found the climate of Zoar very much improved, for the phantom of " Sectarianism" seems to distress him like a terrible nightmare. From his little refuge at Zoar, by the aid of the light of a printed plnn he sees the fearful sight—"the undenominational Mission Station dwindled down to be only a preaching place," What a sr.d ca'amity! The previous gentleman in charge of Boorkooyanna, Mi. Khun, I understand was a Moravian, his good wife a Congregationalist and the rejected organist an Anglican, but I nevr-r heard of the natives becoming the victims of peculiar dogmas or that the air of the Mission Station was polluted with the poison " Sectarianism." But alas! as so in as ea-nest men representing the Baptist, Primitive, Congregational aud Wesleyan Churches volunteer t,o give a service each, and their names are placed on a plan in order to give facilities for christian work in the . district, " Zoar" writes of Boorkooyanna ashaving "dwindled down to be only a pleaching place." Wonderful <iiscr.T°ry t lb ii not surprising, however, for " Zoar" is too far away for clear and comprehensive vision. " Zoar" evidently docs not know that be is laboring under another mistake in spcakingof the presentmanagerasa" Missionary." Mr. Sutton 1 believe was engaared as the overseer of the Station, He make* no pretensions to such a designation as "Missionary," and shrinks from being thought a preacher, nover having been a loca 1 , nor even an exhorter. When he found himself at Boorkooyanna. surrounded by so many natives with their wives and chl'dreu, love constrained him to call them together for prayer and the reading of Scripture. And he has been left for many months in his vo'untary undertaking without any solitary helper to aid him in his work. What has "Zoar" and the "beets" been doing in the meanwhile? All bon r to the man who has not grown weary in well-doine though left alone by the churches, but cheered by the smile of theMaster has labored on. T- cheer and help Mr. Sutton in his efforts to Christianise the natives, without the shadow of a thought of making them Weslevans, I have lately g'v^n the Station two services. It will be satisfaction perhaps to " Zoar" to know that we said nothing nbout the ro .d and apostolic Wesley, that we sung hymns from the American Songster, and thr.tna collodions were made. Since those services were held the overseer with several members of the Committee have requested mu to visit Boorkooyanna occasionally, and some of tho natives have asked " When are you coming ngain Sir —As nrt ex-officio member of the Committee I am supposed to take .in interest in the Mi-si in Station, as a professing Christian lam anxious to obey the command, " As ye have opportunity do eood nnto all men." But I am confronted by a difficulty—while on my wav to prench to men who have the blood of Adam in tl-.eir veins, who equally with the great of earth have the same Almighty Creator, and have been ransomed by the same all loving Redeemer, while on my way to re?cue my fellow creatures from a common danger—having left my hymn book and Church Catechism behind, a shaddowy Torm comes across my nath and asks, " Whence comest thou, and whither art thou going 1 I am the watchman of Zoar, and take a deep and heartfelt interest in the spiritual welfare of the untutored natives, who were the original owners of the broad acre3 that I now po-sess; but I have been so busy with my farm and preaching to good Christian people that I have not had time to go down to Boorkooyanna to see how my black brethren are getting on and hear them sing- Tell ma the old. old story 1 but I have not forgotten them though a year has passed away since I looked into their face 1 *, and out of love to them and my hatred of the sects, I protest against the turning of the Mission Station into a denominational place, the Missionary being only a he 1 per on the plan and the natives from becoming members of the Wesleyan Church at Maitland." Without venturing to Icok up I naked with I trembling voice—" la it not as well to be a g iod member of any Christian Church with a defined scriptual creed, and a distinct organisation, as it is to be a fault finding non sectarian, with an india-rubber belief, and no organisation—and shootin^ arrows in the dark from the bow of prejudice c ^ h . urches oE every name?" J my question was too long and so lost its point, or sime sudden report of threatened danger to the little city of Zoar was brought to my interrogator. I cannot tell which ; when I recovered nerve enough to lift up my face I saw a form fadirg away in the distance. But perhaps if we do not see we may hear of hitn again another day. ' It may be information to " Zoar," to speak of a fact without a figure, that the Adelaide Hospital has been on a "Wesleyan Methodist Preachers' Plan" for many * years, and that it is supplied gratuitously by the Pirie Street Circuit, and no one with a generous nature and catholic views of evangelical work even thinks of throwing cold water on this philanthropic effort and "dub" the Hospital a Denominational Institution, At some inconvenience we have put the Mission Station on the plan, placing tbe whole circuit at some disadvantage by so doing, in order to give the natives free services and preach to them a free Gospel. It "Zoar" will relieve us of this extra labor and visit Boorkooyanna a little oftener—- than once a year—we shall be glad and the manager will rejoice, and the native* will be happy to see and hear him.- And I think I can venture to promise " Z nr" that if the place the Mission occupies is a cause of trouble to him, it shall be removed from the next plan, and so he shall bereaved from the sight of the appearance of the evil of " Sectarianism." And in closing I may assure "Zoar" that there was no intention of degrading Mr. Sutton in placing him"ia the fourth grade, among the helpers," for if they do not occupy the first place in position they certainly wear the highest honor—for to be a true helpers in any good cause is to be co-workers with tbe world's Redeemer, and imitate the example of the Good Samaritan who, when others had passed by the wounded traveller, became in his strength of love and practical sympathy, a minister of consolation and a helper of tbe helpless. Never having written a letter anonymously in my life, and not being ashamed of the name my father gave me, I sign myself JAMES BEAD. Maitland, February 2nd. 