mitt SMûm. MISS MAY, IT was an afternoon in late February, and ! Tom Kingsley wats lounging in the bay- ] window of thc little sitting-room, bis Latin and Greek books alf around him, and, what was worse, a bioad snow-covered bill iu front of him, down which sled after sled was gliding with tile most tantalizing rapidity. I Tom was twenty ami devoted to learning, 1 but he was not above a good coast when tho ' chance presented itself. Occasionally bc ' favoured his sister, who was the only other , occupant of the room, with very audible growlings agaiust the restrictions of study hours. The two were students in the academy whose mathematically square buildings rose almost opposite to the Kingsley house. They were nearly of an age ; but thc ono was pre- paring to enter college ; the education of the other was considered nearly completed. The two young people, with their father and mother, made up tho whole family ; bnt Mr. Kingsley, in tho simple unpretending way of the village, received into his house OB a boarder ouo of thc academic professors and also occasional students when they hap- pened to ho friends of tho children. It was this lirst-unrucd individual who was exciting \- Tom's attention, in lack of anything better to look at. "May," he said, jerking his bead over bis shoulder with a quick, characteristic move- ment, "just come here and sec Professor i lieu iel go by." j His titter dropped her work and came to ' the window. On tho other side of tho ' street sttod a tall, ungainly man, with a scholarly stoop in his shoulders, a head of I bushy hair much threaded with grey, a pair I of mild, w isc spectacles, and a general air of perplexed acquiescence in all mundane affairs whatever. In his hands he held a very tiny sled, looking at it at arm'e-length, as if it was something of au explosive nature. Oue eix-year-old little fellow was surveying his broken plaything with despairing eyes, while two other excited urchinsdaucef up and down in front nf the professor, endeavouring duly to set forth thc nature of tho accident that had happened to the ruuner. Two dogs wagged their tails hopefully in thc background and, to complete the procession, a disabled crow, the pet of oue ot thu villagers, brought up the rear. It hopped gravely along, now ou one foot, now on thc other, settling its head on oue Eide iu oracular fashiou, and looking ten times blacker and wickeder than evtr against the whiteness of the snow. After considering tho situatiou a few minutes the professor started off again drag- ging the Bled by the rope, and his procession, crow and all, trotted along behind liiui. " No«," said Tom, " he will go straight to the caipentcr's shop to get that thing niuudcd ; and the carpenter, after impressing upon him the arduous nature of the job, will charge just ten times what it is worth, and he will pay it without a word." "No doubt he will." V Aud those little beggars will run off with .. n ; íí'ankiug him. ' , . _ " But they ... -foun 0f him, Tom. " I dou't care. Muy, y»» eau make that man believe anything," "1 know it." "Just fancy his goiug out with a telescope and wnteWng the moon all night because we boys c0!'1 .1)'ln there were changes on -its "..lace indicating some great interior con- vulsion ! And when he couldn't (iud them, and came to us to point them out, we pre- tended to see them plainly enough, told him his eyes were getting weak, and he believed every word of it, and has taken to wealing spectacles from that day. " " Well, they ure becoming, at any rate, and he ifi short-sighted," said his Bister, laughing. " Eut, May, the best joke of all you never heard of. Promise me you won't tell anybody about it." " Of course not, except Jem." " Oh, Jem knows all about it already : he was iu it. Seems to me you're very dutiful, though, all at oucc. Getting engaged has improved you," " We'll pray that it may last," said his siBter, demurely. " Which Î-the improvement, or the engagement? How many people have you been engaged to before this. May ?" " About half a dozen, I think.' "I think so too. Don't treat Jem in that way. He's a friend of mine ; and, after all, it's rather mortifying, you know, to a fellow." " It can't be very well mortifying in this case, because uobody is to know of the engagement." " I should like to know if they don't ! Why, May, it is kuouu nil over the town. Jem told of it himself. You sec, you are rather pretty for a girl ; and then there's that bit of money grandmother left you. On the whole, Jem's rather proud of it, and no wonder." " Let's have the jolie now, Tom ; never mind the compliments." " Xever complimented anybody in my life. What are you talking about. But about that little affair : yon remember when we were experimenting with that nitrogen iodide in the laboratory, May ?" "Yes."' " You remember bow explosive it was-safe as long as you kept it wet, but going off like nitro-glycerine and dynamite put together when it got dry ?" " It didn't go off unless some ono touched it, Tom." " I rather guess it did. If a fellow merely breathed a yard away from it, oil' it went. But that's of,no consequence, for in this case somebody was expected to touch it." " And that somebody was the professor, of course ?-1 "Of course. We made a Jot of it, and put Some tn the handle of his door, some in his Slippeis, and some amoug his books ; the rest we scattered round promiscuously. And, as good luck would have it, there came up a heavy thunder shower that very afternoon. The professor came hurrying in ; accidentally Jem and 1 met him ou thc stairs. We asked him to explain a difficult Latin passage. ' Oh cnruL- right in-conic right in, boys,' he says, in benevolent way of his, and laid his hand on the door-knob. Bang ! Ho jumped back as if he hal been shot. 'Bless me, what's the matt ¿i ':' he exclaimed, rubbiug his nose. We di 'n't say anything, but acted as if 'twas the ui'st every .. lay occurrence. Well, we went il), and his pulled off bis boots and Et.irt -1 to get Iiis slippers on. Bang! bang 1 Oh, May, you never saw thc like of that jump- f believe bc actually struck the ceilii.; When be went to draw down the winl'Av-cnrtain, hang! again. When he took down the Latin book-it was a big and heavy one -bang ' bang '. bang ! And so on with eve:;.! liing bc touched in the room, till I began to think thc poor man would lose his wits. I But thc- best of it was he never even suspected the cause. You know his wisdom lies in Latin aud 'irtck ; he doesn't know anything about thc sc iences, though I believe he regards them with more awe than all the rest of tbs curriculum put together. Well, Jem just told him t'je thunder shower had done it, that it had charged thc room with electricity, and that he himself was a first-rate prime conductor. Jem expatiated learnedly for hall au hour or more on the freakB of electricity ; talked, you know, as if it was a UBUal thing to Kee looms behaving in that fashion. And, if you'll believe me, the professor actually took it all in ; he is writing a paper now-if Jem's any authority on the subject-on theso extraordinary natural phenomena." Tom was in ecstasies of laughter by this time, and his sister was not slow in joining him. "I was only afraid father would hear thc noise, and stop the fun," gasped he at last, when ho was able to speak. "Luckily he didn't come in till it was over. I suggested to tho professor that it might frighten mother if he was to mcution it at thc table, nnd he has been as mum about it as possible ever since. May, wc can malic bim believe anything-anything whatever. If I told him there were ghosts in the house, he'd put out his light and sit watching for ono thc very next night." " Why don't ycia show him a ghost, then ?" queried May. "You know wo read how they did at thc spiritualistic séances. I'll help you, and-" " May ?" cried Tom, jumping to his feet and dancing the Fisher's Hornpipe, " you're a trump! Just wait till Jem comes, and we'll have it all fixed. Thc professor never locks his door." Tho two pairs of brown eyes looked at each other, and the respective owners of them burst out laughing, with tho delightful unanimity of sentiment that occurs whenever any specially delectable piece of mischief is on foot. Jem in no way dissented from thc pro- gramme when he presented himself at night, but, on thc coutrary, added some timely suggestions. Tom considered bis friend thc quickest-witted mortal in thc world, and a handsome fellow besides, which last was true enough. The young people soon found out that to copy tho spirits successfully re- quired more time and practice than they had counted upon, their ghostly advisers having failed to provide any short road to perfection. They were very patient, however, as people will bc when engaged in something with which they have no manner of business aud in about a week had all their arrange- ments completed. Jem was to personate the ghost, Tom and his sister, thc audience. Tom having reluctantly yielded thc post of distinction to Jem in consideration of bis abilities. But when it came to the point, thc would be ghost had a new proposal to make. " Let's tell him to do something or other," bc said-"something that he would never think of himself-so that we sholl know by that afterword whether he believes ia it or not." This being hailed with acclamation, Tom suggested that the professor should be com- manded to wear a cocked hat for a month ; May, that he should make a daily pilgrimage to thc top of Mecting-housc Hill for that length of time. But Jem rejected both of those proposals ; they would bc liable to bring about discovery, and were not solemn I enough to be accredited to a ghost. "No ; it uinst bo something that will affect his whole life," he said-"something of so much consequence that bc would think it likely the spirits would be charged to deliver it. We'll tell him he must go os n missionary ; or, no, better still, let's tell him to marry somebody- May, herc, for iustaucc : he was »lways fond of her, and she is right in thc samci,ousc." But unhioKi'y may is not iona ot him, but of you," ^served Tom, wickedly. "Well, he dosn't know that. He will think it's his duty to ask her. And when she says no, he mil wait for some new spiritual light. You don't mind, do you, May ? Maj- did mind very much at first, but thc two boys, aided by her own 6cnse of fun, at last persuaded her into it. Perhaps she thought that it was sure to bc discovered, aud that thc professor could not possibly carry his credulity to that point, helped to quiet her conscience. At any rate, she not only yielded, but, after tho fashion of women kind, was thc oue to originate thc boldest part of thc scheme. " If I let you do that boys, you must let mo do what I want to," Of course they both asked, " What is it ?" May refused to tell them. "You'll know it soon enough," she said, with the mischievous sparkles coming and going in her brown eyes. " Only if I don't soy anything to spoil your fun, you must promise not to spoil mine." They both gave this promise very readily, (indinga new interest in their project now that something not laid dowu in thc plan might possibly happen. In about a week everything was ready, and the night set for the ghostly visitation. The professor after putting out his light, was just getting into bed, still absorbed in thc true interpretation of a difficult aorist construction when th" door creaked gently, seemed to swing open of itself, and presently, to his astonished eyes, a tall white figure presented itself, with a faint blue light encircling it, and a general misty uncertainty of outline that might bo attributed to the shifting of some thick vapor, but to an uninitiated person was highly suggessive of uucorporcal spirits, j " Bless me ! bless mc !" Baid Professor Rensel, staring at this vision. *. Who arc you my friend ?" "I om a disembodied spirit," replied a sepulchral voice. " Dear, dear ! what a pity ! Cau't-can't anything be done for you?" "Nothing. I am sent to you." "Well tay friend, I am here-" after a pauso in which he seemed to imagine that thc embarrassed spirit required sonic encourage uient. His face shone with a mild benevolence. "I am here," he repeated. " What can I do for j'ou ?" The blue light was shaken for a moment, as if thc spectral visitor was disturbed by this tantalizing calmness, and even disposed to back out of thc situation. Then thc sepulchral voice replied, "You «rc commanded to marry May Kingsley." "How? What? My good friend you are talking like a - ghost !" exclaimed the astonished professor. A slight flush rose to his benevolent face. "You are commanded to doit," repeated thc spirit, monotonously. " Bless mc '. bless me ! It isn't possible. " With us, all things arc possible." " Indeed said the professor, inquiringly. "Indeed?" bc repeated, with as much deliberation as if he were addressing his classes. " Well, well. Let us consider that settled, and-and pass on to something else," with a certain mild dignity, as if he objected to discussing the lady they had named even with a ghost. He was evidently disposed to be hospitable, but somewhat at a loss how to entertain his visitor. " You are not," said the professor, glancing hesitatingly at thc suggestive blue light, "from the celestial rcgious, I am afraid?" " No." " Dear me ! dear mc ! what a pity ! It must be very unpleasant. Yet if yon could if you could be persuaded to give mc a little information about thc other place-The truth is, I have a young friend who is going that way, I very much fear, and-" Herc something not laid down in thc Erogramme happened : the ghost incontinently olted, blue light and all. Outside there was a suspicious scuffling and hurrying of feet that may have been produced spiritually, but was very like scampering humanity. The professor deliberately got np and closed the door, murmuring to himself : " Very singular-very singular indeed !" Tho sumo embarrassed flush still lingered on IHR face, but he got into bed and went calmly to sleep, as if nothing unusual had happened. Meanwhile thc ghost and the audience wore holding a hurried consultation down stairs. All three were cousiderably taken aback. "Ho knew UB," said Jem, disconsolately, " Ho must havo known us tho very first thing. His young friend ! That was cool, at any rate. Which of us docs he mean, Tom-you or me ?" . . " 1'crbaps he didn't know himself which it was," said Tom. As neither of them could settle this point, they at last adjourned to lied, each, perhaps, with a little sense oí discomfiture under alibis merriment. The next morning, after watching Tom out of thc house, May sat down to some feminine work of her own, to ponder over their ill-fated schemes, when in walked Professor Renscl, who was supposed to bo safe in his class-room. May was aghast at tho sight of him. "Kow for it!" she thought. "It is too bad I should have to take the scolding alone." For it could not but bo that even so mild a mau would be angry at such an escapade. True, he could not know of her share in it, but then it was nearly aa had to have Tom made thc scape-goat. Miss May was an audacious young lady, but conscience made a coward of her, and she dared not look up or apk him why he was not at school. "Why don't he begin?" she mused, stu! keeping her eyes on her work, as the tall figure shuffled uneasily round tho room. Presently the professor stopped in front of her mid cleared his throat. " My dear Miss May, do you think you could ever bring yourself to marry me?" The work fell out of her hands, and May sat fairly dumb with astonishment. Thc professor picked it up again for her. " I am much older than yourself, Miss May," lie went on, " aud a very awkward man ' in action and speech, as you soe. Not such a one as a young lady would be likely to fancy. Only -only I felt it my duty to ask you." Then at last May found her tongue. " One would not like to marry anybody who asked ber merely from a BCUSC of duty," she said, gravely, bending Btill lower over her work. Thc same flush tinged the professor's face that had been there the night before. " When I said duty, Miss May," ho answered her, half reproachfully, " I only expressed thc motive that had led mc to speak to you this morning. I said nothing of my own toolings. Surely you must know what they are and have long been. You must know that a man like myself, who has neither youth nor attractions of any kind, would, under ordinary circumstances, feel debarred from the right to ask what a younger and happier man might ask. Such a one as myself can only stand aside, glad to bc your humble friend, and to wish you all happiness to the end of your life." There was something so pathetic in thc Bight of the gentle, learned professor addressing such words to the thoughtless girl whom others treated ouly as a companion iu mischief, hut whom his love elevated to a pedestal above common womanhood, that May might well have been restrained by it. His groy hairs and simple kindliness of life might have .1 ¿bu jokes bi» credulity brought upon him. She wavered visibly fora inouicut ; then the old mischievous sparkle came back to the eyes that were so demurely dropped. " Yet you have altered your resolution this morning ?" she said, inquiringly. "As I told you, Miss May, because I believed that is was right for me to do BO." " Well," said May, after a long pause, in which she was scarcely able to keep down the roguish quivering of her lips, "if it is your duty to marry me, it must bc minc to marry you." "Then you consent." " YeB." Thc tall ungainly mau stooped, with no grace except that which love gave him, and lifted her hand to his lips. He seemed uo more astonished at her answer than he had been at thc spiritual visitation of thc night before. When the boys came home that night they found thc professor radiant, Mr. aud Mrs. Kingsley beaming approval upon their daughter, and May herself submitting to it all with tho moat curious expression ever seen upon any dimpled face-a compound of laughter and doubt, of fun and fear. Whether she was pricked by ber conscience, or only frightened by the boldness of the game she was carrying on, they could not tell. As so< M os was possible they got her alone by herat-u and fell upon her, metaphorically speaking, « ¡th au avalanche of questions. " May did he really ask you to marry him ?" " Yes." " But ho acts as if you said yes." "Well so I did." "By Jove?" ejaculated Tom, perfcctly coufouuded. " You know I told you, boys, that if 1 helped you in your fun, you must let me have mine." "But, May ! May ! do you know he has all ready asked father's consent ! How will you get out of it ? What a storm there will be '!'' "She means," interrupted .Jem, who had been studying her faoe attentively, "to let it go on till it comes to thc finals, aud then say no instead of yes when thc minister puts the question." Tom's face was a picture of mingled con- sternation auil admiratiou. Ile had held a very low opinion of the courage of girls up to tnis point, hut here was one who was willing to go beyond him. " Kid you thiuk of this last night when you wouldn't tell us what you were going to do?" bc asked humbly. "Of course I did." "Only think. Tom, bc believed every word of it, after all?" put iu Jem, They congratulated each other upon having perpetrated a successful joke ; but still their couutcnauccs wore a very uneasy ex- pression. " After all, May, it's a little too bad," said Tom hesitatingly. " The professor is a good sort of man, though bc is such a muff. We won't spoil your fun, of course, but just look at it before yon go ahead. Have you thought what au awful row there'll be when it comes out ?" "It's too late to stop now," said his sister faintly, as if she were a little alarmed herself at the prospect. " Well anyway, May can marry rac, and so get out of thc scrape," said Jem, taking her hand consolingly. " She'd better marry you right after the other ceremony, then," answered Tom ominously. " You'd better take her out of father's reach as soon as possible. He thinks everything of thc old professor." " Well, why should'nt we ?" asked Jem with coufidcuce. I " It's just as well as any time. May won't I mind." j Aud indeed May did look so relieved at this Eroposal, after the fashion of a child who as unexpectedly grasped a torpedo, that Tom ¡ begau to think it would be the best wav out of the scrape, after all. " j To be sure, the pair would have nothing to I live on after they were married, except his sister's little iegacy, which would not go far, j and besides which could not be claimed for a year, till the young lady was of age. But I Tom had a cheerful confidence in Jem's abilities, and as a great confidence in bis sister. They finally settled in among themselves that this was to be the dénoiuxment, and after- ward tried to look aB if every thing was all right. One of them at IcaBt failed ignominiously. Tom was attacked with fits of reproach every time ho chanced to meet the professor's eye, and whenever the good unconscicious man showed him any trifling kindness, would rush out of the house as if be were a convicted criminal. This went on for a few months, Tom growing moro and more conscience stricken, May more and more silent and timid, till the last powers that be were moved to set thc wedding day. They all felt a kind of relief at this. The joke which had seemed so ludicrous at first had grown iuto a species of nightmare, which bestrode them all mercilessly. May sub- mitted to the wedding preparations with a quietness very unlike her. Bho avoided all solitary interviews with thc professor ; but as he had far too great a reverence for her to seek them, this conduct did not attract attention. Tnere was much wondering and many comments among the gossips of thc village over this singular and apparently unsuitable crgagement ; but Miss May had a reputation for doing unexpected things, so at last the wondering settled down into acquiescence. liv the morning of the wedding day both Jem and Tom were beginning to recognise thc serious aspect of a drama to bc enacted, and were not a little nervous on entering thc church. In their trepidation they nearly forgot to provide themselves with white gloves, if there had not como a timely reminder from May. The service commenced -went on without interruption to thc place where the decisive question was put. Jem and Tom listened in thc utmost excitement to thc professor's response ; and then the question caine to May. " Wilt thou have this man to bo thy wedded husband?" Jem was just rising from his scat in anticipation of the impending scene, when her answer came, iu a low, clear voice that could be heard distinctly in all parts of tho church : " Yes." The two boys were horror-struck. Was it possible she knew what she was doing ?" Was she overpowered by fright? Whether she was or not, they certainly were ; for, ia spite of a frantic impulse to cry out and proclaim thc mistake, the decorum of thc place kept them still till thc ceremony was over. Thou they rushed to her side, heedless of order or conventionalities. "May! May !" whispered Tom, catching her baud iu his excitement, "are you crazy? Do you know that you arc married to him ?" Thc colour in her face deepened as in a late sunset sky. " Yes, I know it," she answered, quietly, laying lier other hand upon her husband's arm ; and then lifting her beautiful flushed face to her brother, "and I love him. " Perhaps two more discomfited young men never stole out of church than were Jem and Tom as they slipped away unnoticed among tho crowd of people. Thc former, indeed, was savage and declared that he would never forgive her. But Tom, when he saw his sister's face leaning out tho carriage for tho last time before they drove away, was moved to kiss lier iu a grim, uncompromising sort of way ; and seeing thc penitent tears gathering in her brown eyes, to mutter io himself: "It was our fault, after all. We acted os if we were sure she hadn't got any heart, and no woudcr she was ashamed to show it." As for Jem, he finally retracted bis heroic resolves, and consented to a most amicable truce between himself and Mrs. Professor llensel after her return ; but thc two youDg men »ere never quite suro whether the professor believed in that ghost or not. Harper's Monthly. 