LATROBE. ,' [From our own Correspondent.]' t ,, I have to report a delightful change in the atmosphere since yesterday, last night being the closest and hottest experienced this season in fact, it was a regular Victorian summer night, However, at 3 o'clock this morning a peal of thunder broke over the township, accompanied with a smart shower of rain, lasting for about an hour, which has made a decided improvement and this morning was a beautiful spring one. The Latrobe annual races came off on the Sherwood course last Wednesday, and were a great success, and a fine day's sport was witnessed by about 400 persons. The principal event on the card was a match for £20 aside, between J. Glover's black horse Cricketer and O. Here's b g Melody, ridden by J. Glover and AAr. H, Moree, son., respectively. Distance, 12 miles. Melody started a strong favourite, won easily, and fully sustained the opinions of his many backers. The Maiden Plate brought five horses to the post. J. Gray's Scout, and R. Brown's Maori being the favourites, the former winning easily. For the Devon Handicap five horses cried content. Mr, J, Gray's g h Corvus was most fancied, although he came to the post quite lame, which proved much against him, as Mr C. Herps b g Melody, ridden by AAr. H. Moree, sen., came to an easy winner by three lengths, Brown's Wanderer being second, Crtckotor third, Corvus and Stanley bringing up the year , , Six horses entered for the Hack Race, which was won by Mr. J. Glover's Rowena, Maori being second. The Consolation Handicap was won by li. Brown's b g Wanderer and a trotting 'match won by J. Barry's Quicksand and Hurry Scurry wound up a good day's sport. The indefatigable secretary, W. H. Mence, BOO., deserves great praise for the manner in which he worked in getting up the races, for by far the greatest part of it devolved on his shoulders. The settling upon the races took place at Barber's Club Hotel the next evening, when the stakes were paid over to the various winners, who seemed pretty well satisfied. We are still progressing here in the building line, notwithstanding the crying out about bad times, bad crops, and low prices ; a few of our energetic landowners are going in for adding a few more to the many business places already erected. Mr. T Phillips has commenced building a two-story brick shop and dwelling-house i in Gilbert-street, and Mr, S. Steinberg is making an addition to MR pre- tent commodious stores, in tho shape of a large show-room, etc, for the display of furniture, etc. A much and long-felt want has been supplied by Mr. J, Steer, solicitor, coming here to commence practice, in the legal way, and as we already have Mr. G. D. Inglis, barrister, resident bore, no doubt parties wishing to go to law can do so to their heart's content, as one lawyer always make business for the other. ' Mr ead y he has been doing a lot of business at our Court Requests, also at Torquay and the Foi HE his at races have been retained, I must not forgot to add a line or two in reference to the much agitated (in your valuable columns) question of snake-poisoning and its antidote. Our local undatable, Mr. W. Amor, has prepared a very 8UCCCSBIU1,'SO far, antidote, and has been experimenting on kittens, fowls, etc., with very good results. I was present at one of his "seances," when he allowed a large brown snake to bite two of these feline race, and applied the sum to one of them about half-an- hour after being bitten, and the kitten is alive and healthy now, the other pussy gave up the ghost about one and a quarter hours after being bitten. I can corroborate the statement of one of your car respondents as to the parts his snakeship always selected for inserting his fangs, viz over the eye of the cars, or on the comb of the fowl ; these being the most sensitive or vital parts. Mr. Amor has two of the reptiles enclosed in a cask securely, and is prepared to exhibit their eavagenosB at any time, and intends m uiufaeturiiig a supply of his antidote for sale, The largest snake, I may mention, is over 3ft. long. " The gold-mining fever is as rife here as anywhere, and Mr. J. Tucker, our local sharebroker, is doing a time business in the sale of scrip of various good things, There are also two private prospecting parties out in search of the precious mineral, besides an experienced man and assistant out on behalf of the Latrobe Prospecting Co,, in the vicinity of Dry's New Country, the line with the Brandy Creek roof, and they li ive brought in several specimens, but have not got on to it in pay able quantities jet. I hear that a fresh Company is being started for the purchase of the steamer Amy, which has been lying idle for over six months, sod they intend placing her on the coast and Launceston trade again, , This district, I am sorry to say, has not been on exception to others in the matter of bad crops, through the rust and blight in wheat and oats. There will be a great decrease in the yield of both those cereals, seven,) farmers preferring to burn off rather than pay for reaping and threshing. One told me to-day that he was going to do this with 25 acres wheat, which looked splendid and promised a return of 20 bushels to the acre some time back. Another farmer who had 1,000 bushels wheat and oats last year, has only 350 bushels this harvest off the same acreage, We have had several disastrous fires here lately, by which farmers have lost their year's crop ; Mr. Sullivan, of Northdown, having had all his Itsolu of wheat and oats destroyed by fire, but we luckily insured ; but Mr. Saul H. Thomas, of the MM place, had not the good fortune to be insured in time, and by some unaccountable accident but barn. containing about 800 bushels wheat and oat HU an adjoining stack of 40 tons hay, perished in the flames in about half an hour last Sunday evening ; he estimates his loss at over £200. The fire is imposed to be the act of an incendiary, and, strange to say Mr- Thomas intended coming into Latrobe on the Monday (Yesterday morning) and insuring his crop and Block. Great sympathy is felt in the district at his severe loss, and that of others who have been burnt out through the bush fires setting fire to their stacks, etc and were not insured. March 5, 1851. 