CLUNES. Wednesday. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Materfamilias has a grudge against the powers that be. For many months past there has been no public vaccinator at dunes, and hence there is added trouble to her precious darlings by, reasou of iheir increased ago now that a vaccinator is .at last appointed. .Mater* familial is very wroth and rioesriotliesithte to aver that if it wasn't for the law vaccination .should go by default until afeer the arrival of' the next pledge of connubial affection. In view of all the circumstances of the case, Dr Wainarski will doubtleis be extra considerate to his cumpulsory patients,, though not a married mao, and consequently unpossessed of matrimonial responsibilities. It'h'aa been a current topio of interest at North Clunss for some time past thenoctnrnal appearauoe of a ghastly figure/ tall,' and draped in white, which disports itself 11 'twixt the glimpses of the moon," in the neighbour-, hood of the claims in that direction. Several traps have been laid to teßt the umubßtati; tiality of the “appearance," but the “spirit" •has hitherto proved too wary, and so' has ■never been “ cotchea." The u apparition" has caused a good deal of trouble among ,the female members of the community, one young woman having been terribly frightened, and confined to a sick bed in consequence. Various surmises are expressed as to .the ‘ identity of the ghost, who is sufficiently ven turesome to risk being so ornamented that his, mother wouldn't know him after an interview with the enraged husbands’, brothers, and fathers, who are anxious to make his acquaint ance. • ' : To-night tho Anglican residents of the town are to be favoured by the officiation of tbe Right Rev. the Bishop of Ballarat at a con firmation service at St. Paul's Church, when & number or candidates for the laying-oa of hands will be presented by the incumbent, the Rev. H. E. Cooper. The local Reform League held a meeting on Saturday evening last, at which Mr Richard- Minister of Lands/ and a member for the district, was present/ It is said, although the business is supposed to have t been secret, that the hou. gentleman was severely taken, to task by the league authorities here over action and that of the Ministry in connection with the Reform Bill, and that Mr Richardson'r explanations were not: deemed satisfactory,. The Cluues league people having for roll, nothing efse will satisfy, them;: hence/the/reported disfavour.of Richardson with those .who erstwhile swore;by“ hita. i 7 J Ho.R«.Ter, t to; bo .übjacted to this! of thing i» one- of-the penalties of greatness, and therewith, whatever may bu his estimate of his oritica, it is good policy for the 1 lion, gentleman to put up with.'. 