THE REV. J. A. DOWIE AND THE YOUNG MIN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—What an excellent thing it is that " hard words break no bones." Otherwise our friend, the Rev. John Alexander JJowie, would have much to answer for. How fond is he of fighting. He must be quarrelling with somebody or other. So it has been during the ten or twelve years I have known him. Most of his ministerial brethren in this colony, and in New South Wales, have come under the lash of his denunciation, yet, strange to say, they still live and appear none the worse for it. In your last issue we were again favored with one of Mr. Dowie's extraordinary effusions, in which he empties the vials of hia wrath upon the devoted heads of the Young Men's Christian Association, the Board of Management, and myself. He might have employed his talent to better advantage, and used his time more profitably. We certainly are neither the worse nor the better for it, and we have no doubt that your large circle of readers will take it all for just as much ai it is wcrtit. Mr. Dowie's two letters have been such a revelation of himstlf, the " lyo" has been so tremendously pronounced, that the statements contained therein need no further refutation. His last letter is full of miss'atements, of incorrect suppositions, and consequently of impotent conclusions. He raises a ghost, and then tries to lay it. He erects a dummy, and then knocks it down. Easy work—very easy; but my time is too precious to waste words upon it, and your space too valuable to be occupied by it. I therefore leave all the dust Mr. Dowie has raised and all the side-issues he has set up, and go back to the outrageous charge contained iu his first letter. He states most positively that the Lord Jesus Christ was absent from the meeting; also, that he was uninvited. His blessing unsought, His presence unmissed. Who told Mr. Dowie so ? Does he pretend to second 6ight ? Does the mighty King of heaven send Mr. Dowie special messengers't Is Mr. Dowie the selected channel by which the Great Father in heaven communicates to men? Who else would dare to say that the Lord Jesus is not present where His people are gathered together ? Were there not a number of God's people in the Town Hall that night? and what does The Master himself say?—" Where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them." I therefore take the words of the Lord Jesus in preference to the words of any mere man. Does Mr. Dowie think he casts any slur upon the Christian ministers and the Christian men and women who met in the Hall that night, when he says, " The Lord Jesus was uninvited, His blessing unsowj-d, His absence unreg-.-etted If that were true, then none of God's people were present, for how cau any of God's true children not desire His blessing, not regret Jiis absence. The thing is simply impossible. Mr. Dowie calla (see his first letter) our lectures prayerless aud our Christianity Christless. I emphatically deny the double charge. Our lectures are not prayerless, there is much prayer offered for them ; neither is our Christianity Christless. Ho is our living Lord and Head; aud the basis of our membership is simply " Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ." Are our hospitals Christless because no prayer is offered at the monthly meetiug ? Is the temperance work prayerless because prayer is not offered at certain of its meetings ? Are the business places of our Christian tradesmen aud merchants Christless or prayerless because prayer is not offered when the shutters are taken down ? A short time since an eminent miuister of tlio gospel delivered two lectures in the Town Hall on " Australia Confederated aud Australia Christianized." No prayer was offered cither before or after, but will anyone say they were either Christless or prayerless ? Was there not much prayer privately. The heart _ can always be lifted, up in prayer, but there are times when public audible prayer would be neither wise nor expedient. The Young Men's Christian Association believe most thoroughly in prayer and most earnestly practise tho same from day to day, and week to week, but they regard it " as more than an error of judgment" when so grave a charge is hurled against them, because public prayer was not offered at the Town Hall lecture. I call to mind the words of Christ: " When thou prayest thou shalt not be as the hypocrites arc, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in lite cornet's of the streets, that they may be seen of men." " When theu prayest, enter into thy closet," <bc., etc. We have no objection whatever to the suggestion of offering prayer at all the lectures, but we do strongly object to the offensive way in which it is done. I rejoice heartily in any good work to which Mr. Dowie is putting his hand. L hid him God speed, and whilst recommending him to go on earnestly with his own methods, I recommend him also not; to.meddle wrth the methods of others. I trust he will leam to practise a little more the graces of diarityand fcpthg, and a little less the very prominent qualities ol egotism and dogmatism. Yours truly, JJ SEARLE. [We have not space, nor do we think it would U desirable to continue this correspondence further. Witn this letter, therefore, it must cease. iiiD j 