Parody on the Raven, THE compiler of " Notes and Queries " in the Newcastle-on-Tyne Chroniclc of February 5th says:- In looking over some old papers I came across the subjoined parody on " The liaven," which you may deem worthy of a place in your " Notes and Queries." It is entitled " A Prose Poem " :— Once upon a midnight, stormy, a lone bachelor attornev pondered many a curious volume of his heart's "forgotten core ; while he nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, as of someone gcntlv rapping—rapping at his chamber door. "Tis the spirits," and he started, "rapping atmychambcrdoor. Oh! for help! I'm frightened sore !" Then into this chamber flitting (not even one permitting him to fly into the closet or to get behind the door), came the ghosts of fond hearts broken (with many a ling and other token), and they sat them down beside him, on the dusty, book-strewn floor—sat amidst the volumes of most venerable lore. Quoth the lawyer, " What a bore! •'It must be something serious ; this is certainly mysterious, quite an advent of the spirits—resurrection con amore. But I understand them mostly!" —here there came a rap so ghostly, that he could not more dissemble as he had done heretofore, and his face grew pale and paler as he started for the door—down he fell upon the floor, Then there came a clatter, clatter, and his teeth began to chatter, as the spirits gathered round him, and accused him very sore ; how with handsome face all smiling,, and with winning words beguiling, he had charmed away the senses of fail' maidens by 'the score I and each lass had fondly fancied 'twas her self he did adore. Quoth the lawyer, "Nevermore!" Startled at the stillness broken by reply so aptly spoken, for the answer, 6trange enough, quite a relevancy bore; they began a noisy rapping—sort of spiritual clapping, which the lawyer thought could be but a fashionable encore—and again, as if his soul in that woid he would outpour, did he groan, "Nevermore!" ... Presently his soul grew stronger ; hesitating then no longer—"Oh! " said he, "sweet spirits, your forgiveness I implore ; on my knee to every ghostess, who to love has played the hostess, I will promise to recant the many faithless things I swore! Will vou promise then to leave me 1" here he pointed to the door. Rapped the spirits, " Never more ! " "Be that word our sign of parting," said the hapless wight upstarting, " hie ye hence into the darkness, seek ye out some distant shore, In the noisy camp or forum, in the lonely sane—sanctorum —such ghastly, grim, ungainly guests were never seen before. Leave my loneliness unbroken' —here he opened wide the door. Rapped the spirits, "Nevermore!" So these vixen sprites of evil—spmts still, though most uncivil—they will never leave the lawyer though in tears he may implore. At his false heart they are tapping, they are rapping, rapping, rapping, and he wishes, oh, how vainly ! that his haunted life were o'er; and he often sighs—" Oh 1 could I but recall the days of yore, I would FLIRT—Oh ! never more 1" 