CHRISTMAS TALES. The Lady Help; OR, Christmas at Sunning Vale. (Written for the Queenslander Christmas Supplement.) BY ONYX. IT was an unusually dark night. The clouds had been gathering sullenly for some hours before sundown, and now hung in great masses overhead. Yet the storm had not broken, and now, having waited so long before beginning to vent its rage, it probably would put the matter off altogether; for iv Queensland we manage things quite differently to what they do in in* ferior—that is to say, all other—countries, and out here, generally, things ' aro not what they seem,' though not quite in tho sense in which the steady-going matter-of-fact old poet meant. When the clouds gather and look as if a deluge was going to burst over the devoted land, about enough rain falls to make a respeotable green fro?, who has emerged from his damp ambush in eager expectation of a storm, feel dry and uncomfortable; but when the sky looks so seronely blue that the possibility of rain is undreamt of, then from the first rising of the tiny oloud, no bigger than a man's hand, to the full downpour of the torrents and the crashing of the thunder that seems wild enough to shake the earth to her foundations, scaroe a quarter of an hour elapses. This peculiarity, though a little apt to ' put people out,' really shows the superiority of Queensland in her cleverness in striking out a new path for herself. There is nothing to be proud of in being prepared for what is evi dently to come, but to arrange so that we may have to rise to the occasion at any moment keeps a man's intellect bright and his ideas well in hand, and also tends to a small amount of flutter, which no doubt accounts for the ex treme outeness and extraordinary ' blow' of our young colonials. Queensland is the land of extremes and contrasts; and, so the country being flat, the people of coarse must be sharp. But though on this particular Christmas Eve the clouds only threatened and did not do any actual damage, they made it uncommonly un comfortable for peoplo who wanted to travel that night; not a star was to be seen, and the air seemed heavy with its own blackness as well as stifling with sultry heat; and so Herbert Gays worthy at last got off his hone and, throwing the bridle over bis arm, looked round hope lessly on the surrounding darkness, indulged in a prolonged stretch—a real good stretoh that gave play to every muscle and each particular ainew; and then leant against the saddle and considered. His horao, who was possibly as weary as his master, and probably a great deal more so, stood quite still; he had not beon able to refresh himself by a stretch ; just an impa tient lash of hie tail to beat off such moßquitoes as were within reach was all the sign of vitality be displayed. It was a ludicrous predicament. After twelve years of bush experience, finding his way by some sort of instinct across mile after milo of country that had never been traversed by man before, to be ' stuck up' within a few miles from town ! Herbert Oaysworthy had just returned from the North, taking Gyrapie on his way down to tee after some mining intorcst—which was stand ing him just then in very good stead, and which, after being rather a eevere drain in the way of ' calls' on his hardly-gathered savings for work ing expenses, was now proving a mine of wealth literally—and was on hie way to Brisbano to spend hit Christmas. The remembrance of a certain Christmas in the old country, to which he had paid a hurried visit some six yours before, had been haunting him incossantly this erening. Not that this was at all an uncommon occurrence, for that Christ mas W9s the constant subject of his thoughts, and ho had just resolred that after waiting for another oouple of ' crushingß* he would take a run home again and put in execution a certain resolve that he had made—if possible. If possible. There was the hitoh. He knew absolutely nothing whatever about tho ' parties' wliobo proßenco had made that Christmas so delightful. He had only one relation in England, a married sister, who, having a very large family, was by no meant a good correspondent, and when she did write was awfully stupid about giving the particular kind of news that Herbert wanted. She told him all about the children, their teething and their vaooinations, and about William's busi ness; but about their neighbours—especially about neighbours the daughters of the olergy man, who had decked their village ohuroh with such exquisite skill that it surpassed, in Herbort'a eyes at least, everything that had been done in the way of ohuroh adornment before, ritualistic or otherwise—she said never a word. Not even when he asked point-blank questions about them. It was no use. No matter what Herbert wrote, her letters were always the same. She was much too true a woman to think that an answer to a letter meant anything except a rambling and incoherent ac count of anything that happened to be foremost in her own mind at that particular moment j and so Herbert 'pished' and 'pshawed,' and per haps said something ' wioked' as he read her letters and then tore them up to light his pipe with, just as she tore up his and threw them on the fire or gave them to baby to play with. The horse had stood atook still for quite five minutes, and Herbert had stood stock still too ; and, instead of having oome to any conclusion as to what it would be best to do, he had started off on a flight of possibilities, had gone to Eng land and back again, and was just settling in a Queensland home of his own with —, when, just as he got as far as this, his horse, unable to endure any longer the persistent attacks of his tormentors, gave a lash and a kick and a plunge, quite an equivalent to Herbert's stretch, and so startled his master, besides dislodging him from his position, that he nearly came npon hiß nose. So, rudely recalled to the present, Herbert, laughing, though he was alone, at the various absurdities be deteoted in the situation, took the saddle off his horse, removed the bit and settled the bridle so that his faithful com panion could graze in comfort, and then fasten ing a long strap which he had with him to the bridle, to give him more range of feed without the chance of straying, he threw himself on the ground and slowly lit his pipe. It was the only thing to do. The timber was thick, and he bad lost his reckoning. He could not be more than thirty miles from Brisbane; he must have lost the road by going out of the way to look at a lot of cattle which he had been told were to sell cheap. Herbert always having a keen eye to the main chance would not let the opportunity slip, although it might prevent him from spending his Christmas in town and 'assisting' in the glories of the Queen- street Christmas Eve promenade, its sights, smells, and other peculiarities, as most assuredly it did. If it had not been for the first few mosquitoes who had found him out, and who had given due notice to all their friends and relatives for miles round of this rare bill of fare, he would have been very comfortable ; as it was, the attacks of the buzzing swarm were so incessant, and their tiny punctures so deep and vicious, that at last even the pipe had to be abandoned. He walked about, but that wa» no tve> and at length, fairlj wearied ont, he lay down again and, making an arrangement of hat and haud kerohief at a proteotion against hit merciless foci, though it nearly suffocated him, turning up his coat-collar as far as ever ho could per auade it to go, and digging his hands deep into his pockets, in spite of all he went to sleep. Bhouts of laughter, oooeys, and a prolonged neigh from his horse roused him. He rubbed his eyes, forgetful for a few minutes of the where and why of the situation. The sun was high in the heavens, the clouds were gone, and riding rapidly towards him were three young men. Nothing loth to hare some company, Herbert returned the friendly oooey, and in another minute the riders came galloping up. • Herbert Qaysworthy, by all that's oomioal!' exclaimed the foremost, Tom Somerset by name, and the owner of all the country round for some miles. • Why, what on earth brought you to oamp out here all night P' ' The laok of light in heaven to lead me fur* ther on,' replied Herbert promptly; * bwt I never expeoted to see you here, Tom.' 'Why, this is our place,' returned Tom. 1 This is Sunning Vale. I wish you had found it out before it got dark laßt night. 'So do I,' said Herbert, laughing. * I got bushed hopelessly, and so I thought the best thing I could do was to oamp, and if it had not besn for the mosquitoeß I should have been right enough.' ' As it is, you look like a Christmas pudding, stuck very full of plains,' rejoined the other. They've had a good feed, there is no mistake about it. We shall have to beautify you before you can show yourself to the ladies.' I Not a bit of it,' exclaimed Frank Lyster, one of Somerset's companions. ' Let htm stay as he is ; we don't want a good-looking fellow like that to oome and cut us all out. He'll get all the running/ There was a general laugh. Poor Herbert looked such a pitiable object at that moment that the joke was oruel. However, he entered into it heartily enough, and, after saddling his horse, who looked almost as wretched as his master, they rode towards the house. The gates were not a mile from where he had camped all night i the wonder was how he had just contrived to miss the traok that led to them. II §»7« Tom, let me go round to the back, where I shall not be seen,' said Herbert, very seriously, as he espied on the verandah of the house a group of ladies. 'Oh! you need not mind. It is only my cousins, the Cannings,' said Tom. 'But they are not my cousins, and I am not going to face them in this plight,' said Herbert resolutely. 'Why, there is a whole party there!' ' Only the three Canning girls and my mother's ladyhelp; the rest have not come yet,' replied Tom. 'By Jove, you have not heard about the ladyhelp; it is a fine insti tution, I can tell you. We are going to get up a society to have lady-helps oa every station, especially whore there are only bachelors, and if they are like my mother's they'll soon choke out the ladies themselves.' •PBhaw! I don't believe in that kind of thing,' said Herbert, disdainfully. 'I like a thing to be either flash or fowl, and they ate neither.' • But they might be fish, and what then V said Charlie Brooks, a lad of some 16 or 17 years old, verj slight and girlish«looking. • Why, then, it would be •« fishy," that's all,' said Herbert. The wit, if not very sparkling, was quite good enough for the high spirits of this Christmas morning, and they all laughed as if Herbef had said the raciest thing in the world. 'Well! there's nothing fishy about Mt«s-= but there! I won't tell you her name, nor rt word about her. You don't deserve it. too" shall just meet her among all the rest— there's1 a number of them coming—and I bet you a ton* pound note you'll fall in love with her.' 'Done,' said Herbert, gaily; 'I have half a mind to baok out, though,' he added reflectively, ' the bet is almost an insult to women gene* rally.' 'By Jove! I think he is a little "gone" already,' shouted Lyster. 'Oh! we'll take oare it shall not go any farther, hey, boys P We'll stand round and see fair play, and keep it dark, eh P' So the matter was agreed to, and, amid jokes apropos of nothing at all and shouts of laughter for no earthly reason, but just because it was the merry Christmas time, and a glorious morn* ing, and that all these four young fellows had made as yet no acquaintance with dull care, the party rode round to the back of the house, where they were out of sight of the group on the verandah, carefully shepherding the new comer, and finally smuggling him into the bachelors' quarters, while his tired horse waa taken to be fed and groomed. ' Well, I shall hare a jolly Christmas after all,' said Herbert as, after a short time given for him to make his toilette, Tom oame to look after him again. ' I felt rather down in the mouth yesterday, for it seemed as if I was to spend Christmas on the road.' ' It was good luok brought you to us,' said Tom heartily. Tom was a great big burly fellow, with aloud voioe and a ringing laugh—honest to the very core. No one could look at him without feel* ing that he was to be trusted entirely, and that ha would be a good friend to boot. Herbert Oaysworthy, with bis slender figure and modest sft. Bin., looked quite small by the side of Tom, but in point of good looks, in spite of the mosquito bites, which, thanks to Tom's prescriptions, had been nearly obliterated Tom could not compare with him. However, Tom was a good-natured young giant, and, as he looked down on his handsome friend, he said, ' There's no chance for any of us by the' side of you, Herbert, and the lass you throw the handkerchief to will pipk it up, or I'm greatly mistaken.' ' I do not think anyone on this side of the world will have the chance,' said Herbert care* lessly. Tom's compliments did not at all put him out of countenance; he was teo indifferent to any body's opinion save one to care about his looks. They sauntered out of the room together, and Tom, meeting his mother on the way, introduced Herbert to her. The stately old lady gave him a hearty welcome, as indeed she would have done to a yahoo if Tom had said the yahoo was his friend and expressed a desire for his good reception. Herbert's good looks, indifferent as he was about them, always stood him in good stead with the gentler sex, and now, true to her colours, old Mrs. Somerset exhibited much more sympathy with bis uncomfortable camping out and sufferings from the mosquitoes than she would have done to an ugly man. Then the young men proceeded to the veran dah. Dinner, the most important and marked feature of the pre-eminently C brittifln Day, was to be at 2 o'clock, and before that there was to be a service, in a building which had once upon a time done duty as a dairy, but which had long since ceased to be used for its original purpose, and had now been cleaned and arranged for its more exalted destination. Tlio clergy* man was staying in the house, and the whole of the inhabitants for milee round were already gathering together for this, to them, unusual event; for though Sunning Yale was only thirty miles from Brisbane it was co completely off the road, so isolated, and the inhabitants were so scattered, that it had not yet been made part of any olergyman'a district. The gathering was a motley one inside the edifloe as well as out; horses, ponies, spring carts, and drays had all been put in requisition; most of them wore deoorated with bits of ever* green in lieu of Christmas holly, in honour of the day. Dogs there were also, of every kind and erery degree, the smaller the more noisy ; and, what with the barking of the curs, the stamping of the horses to try and keep off the flics and sandflies, the chattering < f the women, and the shrill voices of the children, the scene was more lively than peaceful; and yet it was very beautiful. In the background was a bit of scrub thatwoundwith the banks ofthe shallow sparkling river—part had been cut away just by the cross ing-place, and so some of the giant trees stood bare, their gnarled and massive truuks exposed to the garish light they loathed—the parasites in great masses with their thick garland of leaves and strange bright-hued flowers wreathing around them as though vainly trying to shield their gaunt proteotors with their loving clasp ; and overhead the sun shone bright, with the white light that saps the colours from the land scape and makes it all one dim haze of sun* light. A great tree had been fallen in the clearing by the crossing-place, and now lay right across the stream, formed a bridge in keeping with the scene around. Attempts to walk over this without falling into the river gave great occupation to various small boys and girls while waiting for the service to commence —to the great addition of their pleasure no donbt, but to the serious detriment of their clothes. The scene was lively, beautiful, bizarre, and eminently Queenslandiah, and all the bettor for it, too. Good as are the ways of the old oountry, as we fondly term it, we must conform to the new conditions of things, and when we try rigidly to keep all the exact coun terpart of home many of the customs and ways that we so reverenced somehow come to seem ridiculous. At Rome we must do as the Bomans do, and in Queensland we must do—as we can. There were bells too—that muoh belauded music • but they were very counterfeit indeed— only cattle bells ; not the sweet village chimes that, in spite of old romantic memories, used so often to jangle out of tune. I think in plain downright truth the bullock bells have the best of it—they are erratio, and, like so many other things, are all the sweeter for it; there is some thing, to the oarnal mind, so delioioos in irregu larity—a little spioe of what ought not to be there improves the purest draught from the most sparkling fountain. The bullook bells, after a good long silence, when one has nearly forgotten all about them, go off suddenly with a succession of silvery tinkles. Now, the church bells never do that. From the first loud, rather oantakereus, peel at the ' half-hour,' down to %c grave steady thud that tells it is the last five minutes' before servioe, and tbt»t all good and respeotable people should be in their places, there is not the slightest uncertainty about them—it is all as fixed as fate and as inevitable. Well, the bells being only due to the munoh* ing of the oattle, and having no reference what* •oevor to the commencement of the service, Tom proposed to give notice in due form by ringing the dinner bell. The motion was carried nem. eon., and Tom had got the ponderous bell raited high just to commence the ringing, when his mother emerged upon the scene, and being a very ' proper' old lady sternly reprimanded him for his levity—that is to say, as sternly as she could find it in her maternal heart to speak to Tom. Not in the least depressed by the rebuke, but being a real good fellow, who would no more have vexed his mother even in a ■mall matter than he would have stuck up a man on the highway, Tom deposited the bell within, and then returned to exchange some more banter with the ladies; when, suddenly oatohing sight of Herbert, who had determi nately kept in the background, he darted upon him, and, dragging his unresisting victim into the midst of the group, introduced him with much solemnity to them all en masse. * It will be quite interesting to you to find out Who's who by degrees, Gaysworthy,' said Tom amidst tho general amusement; • they all know Who you are, and that's sufficient.' He was inclined to add—'for the day is the evil thereof," but could not see exactly where it came in, and so for once wisely refrained j Tom's one weak spot being a love of quotation, and a peculiar knack of using these said quotations with exquisite map propriateneis generally. Good or bad, in season or out of season, Tom must lug in a quotation, just as some men—good and sane in other respects—aro bound to tell old stories on every conceivable or inconceivable occasion, till their belt friends, as they hear the well-known oom« mencement of the worn tale, bow their heads and Bhudder. Herbert bore the ordeal bravely. He gave a general salutation, and as soon as ho could release his hand from Tom's vigorous grasp retreated to the edge of the verandah, and leant against tlie rail. Here one of the ladies who had been nearest to him during the general introduction ad* dressed him by name. Herbert responded gaily enough, and the two were soon in animated con versation. When Tom at length contrived to catch his eye, he shook his fist at him with comic menaoe, and Herbert could not help wondering whether his agreeable companion was the lady-help. In spite of his avowed objection to that kind of thing, Herbert had critically examined all the assembled young ladies to find out whioh was the lady-help, but had not been able to come to any decision. They were all nioe lady-like girls, some two or three of thorn with the brilliant complexions and sparkling eyes that make young Queenslanders able to vie with the fairest of their sisters in other dimes, but whioh fade before they are twenty. At length it was announced that it was time to 'go to church.' Tom dutifully gave his arm to his mother, and, with the rest of the party clustering round them, they crossed the paddook at the end of whioh was the ohuroh. For some time the novelty and peculiarity of the whole arrangement preoluded Herbert from speculating on the lady-help, or even resorting to the usual centre of all his thoughts. Herbert was not a churoh-goer, and even if he had been this gathoring would have been outside his ordi nary experience. He did not attend very de* voutly to the service; he was too muoh engaged with his observation, speculating about various members of the congregation. Suddenly, as his eye ran over the faces of those who occupied the sime seat as Mrs. Somerset, he started quite visibly. There was a face there that he had not seen on the ver andah—a very pale sweet faoe, with long dark lashes that completely veiled the eyes beneath as their owner stedfastly looked down on her prayer-book. Herbert's heart almost stopped beating in the extremity of his astonishment. That faoe! surely he could not be mistaken. It was the same, with only the difference that six years must necessarily make • —and yet how could it be P Here, in this wild bush ! Forgetful of appearance and everything else, except that pale faoe, Herbert gased unceas ingly, eager for the moment when the long lashes should be lifted. Then he would be quite sure. Faces may ohange, but eyes never. The lashes, however, remained obdurate. Even when they came to that part of the servioe that necessitates the buzz of changing books and finding hjmns the long lashes soaroely moved. If this queer Queensland ohuroh- going was a novelty to her she was very indifferent to it. If it had been the old square pew in the village ohuroh in whioh she had worshipped all her life she could not have been more impassive or incurious. Herbert became quite impatient. He was just going to get up and go out, for he had quite forgotten where he was or what was going on, when suddenly a little mongrel terrier, who kad been trotting all about the building and making various investigations of a strictly private nature among the congregation, went up to the primitive arrangement whioh served as an altar and began barking in the most de* liberate and deafening manner at the clergy man who now stood beside it. Perhaps he was an anti-ritualistic dog, and had just come from attending the meetings of the synod • perhaps the clergyman's white surplice was more ' vest ment ' than be was accustomed to, and so he thought it necessary to protest against the in* novation till, like other dogs, he should get used to it | at anyrate he made a great disturb ance, and in fact threatened to stop the pro ceedings altogether juit as if he had been a bishop. Of course all the small boys and girls rejoiced at the interruption to the service, which, how ever muoh its novelty might have interested them at first, was promising to become just the least bit wearisome to these wild bush youngsters. Of course they tittered, and even the young ladies smiled. Then Tom, who was always ready to give help, rose from his seat, and, approaching the canine protestor, stealthily caught him just as he was giving vent to the dismal bowl with which ho was accentuating his disapprobation, and carried him oat of the church. The noise of the small animal effected in a moment what all Herbert's wishes, baoked by the animal magnetism supposed to be exoited by a steady stare, had failed to do. The long eye-lashes were lifted, and Herbert beheld beneath them the soft gray eyes which were so deeply impressed upon his memory. Yes! There could be no more doubt about it. They say that truth is stranger than fiotion, and it mutt be a strange story truly which could aooount for the presence of —— 1 Fish,' was muttered in a very loud whisper, almost in his ears, and, looking round sharply, Herbert aaw with extreme annoyance that his surprised look of recognition had been remarked by Lyster. Herbert had been so intent on his discovery that he had forgotten everything else. Happily, the lady had not noticed him. She looked up just thut once and then was deep in her devotions as before. Herbert was thankful when the service came to an end. Nothing had erer seemed so tedious before. Though it was an excellent sermon he did not listen to one sentence. When they came out he made a great effort to get near the stranger lady, but to no purpose. Whether in tentionally or not, some of his morning's com panions were always in the woy. He felt cer tain that the lady whom he had not seen before was the lady-help. The cherished darling of his thoughts a lady-help ! What could be the meaning of it ? or was he mistaken after all P 1 Who is the lady by Mrs. Somerset P' he said to Charlie Brooks, when he could restrain his curiosity no longer. 1 Fijh! my dear fellow,' was the rather im pertinent reply of the young stripling. And ' Fish' was muttered so perpetually and so mysteriously about him that he began to lose his temper. Even the young ladies seemed to be in the league. Listen attentively as be would, not one of them ever mentioned another one's fame, and Herbert could not but peroeive that the avoidance wai intentional, for even when by dexterous questioning he brought the conversa tion so at almost to necessitate the uttering of the subject's name, there was always some inter ruption to preolude a reply. He knew that three of the ladies were Tom's cousins, the Misses Canning, and he thought he had dis covered which the three were, though he w»s not quite sure about it | but of the names of all the otheri he was utterly ignorant. 'Is that lady the lady- help?' he asked, anxiously, of a young lady near whom he was standing, as he saw the object of his specula tions pass into the room where the dinner was being prepared. Before she could answer, Tom thrust himself in his good- natured clumsy way between them. * This fellow always does oontrive to get so confidential/ he said to the young lady, who seemed quite to enter into the joke, ' but £ will not let him out me out with you, I can tell him.' Then the other men who were standing near laughed—more than the occasion warranted Herbert considered—and he felt he was baffled •gain. Getting a little tore about the matter, he tamed on his heel and stalked majestically away. It was not a bit of good being majestio; everybody was determined to be merry, and all Herbert got for his pains was a peal of laughter. He felt that to be angry then would be to make himself ridiculous) so instead of sulking he turned back. * I believe there is a regular plot; among you to keep me in ignorance of everybody's name,' he said. 'Everything is fair in love, Gaysworthy,' shouted a young fellow opposite, when they had finished the laugh whioh welcomed Herbert's speech. And so Herbert felt pretty sure that, instead of keeping the matter of the bet' dark,' every, body knew all about it, and tbat the lady who was kept so carefully in the background was the lady-help, and perhaps she had heard about it too, and absented herself because she was annoyed—as well she might be. Herbert felt intensely vexed, both with him* self and with his companions, but it was no time to show his feelings; so, making the best of the situation, he tried to join in the fun, with indifferent sucoess, and thus the time passed till dinner was announced. At dinner he was placed on the same side of the table as tbe mysterious lady, but as far away from her as he could well bei conse quently, he bad no opportunity either of speak* ing to or looking at her. The dinner was very good, very long, and very merry, and, in spite of his vexation, Her* berts spirits rose, and he laughed and talked as gaily as the rest. Then healths were drunk and speeches made, and then more healths, till one or two of the speakers became the least bit incoherent, and everybody seemed to hare eaten and drunk to their utmost carrying capacity, and so enjoyed a pleasing consciousness that they bad kept the great Christian festival worthily, and in a manner becoming to their nation. The ladies left the room at last, and the men, to their credit be it told, were not long io fol lowing their example. Herbert, as he poised out with the rest, gave a sharp scrutinising glance to see if the lady-help was among the groups that were scattered about the verandah, but in vain. He felt convinced from the little be had seen of Mrs. Somerset that she was not the kiud of woman who would make the poor girl feel unnecessarily the re* straints of her position; if she kept aloof, it must be because she chose to do so. The broad verandahs ran all round the house, and were dimly lighted here and there by Ohi« nese lamps. The sky was a dazzling mass of stars, that shone with a brilliancy beyond the ordinary, as though to make up for the darkness of the preceding night. Everything was there to make him gay, and yet, after once leaving the merry dinner table, with its chut and laughter, Herbert Gaysworthy's spirits fell to zero. Mystery and uncertainty may have oharms to speculative minds, but to this active enorgetio young fellow, with the hot blood boiling in his veins, whatever compelled delay and inaction was torture. He had been far happier the night before, when he believed that the chili (for sho was but 15 when he last saw her) was safe at home, far off as it was. But was it indeed she whom he had seenP and if so, what strange alterations of circumstances must have occurred to bring the younger and petted child of his old reotor out to this far land as a miserable de« pendant! He wandered from tho house as ho pondered on the mystery and sauntered down the paddook—puffing savagely at his oigar. Every thing was still around him; there was no sound except the voices from the verandah that now and again were wafted on tbo soft air. Suddenly ho heard voices in the direotion of the dairy. ' Some couple spooning,' thought Herbert, and, instead of turning out of the path, as would have been his way under ordinary circumstances, a desire for a little revenge for all the fun that had been played upon him during the day possessed him, and he went on. Presently, looming through the darkness, he could discern the figure of Frank Lyster. Herbert chuokled 5 he would never have sus peoted Lyster of any romance, and now he had caught him in the faot. And his companion—that slender form in white muslin and the wide*brimmed hat. No I By the powers above, if Lyster was not walking with the lady-help! Herbirt heard a soft laugh in reply to tome observation of Lyster's. 'Nonsense! it's fair enough,' he heard Lyster say in answer to her nixt remark ; and then, instead of turning off as they might have done, for they must have seen the light of his oigar, even if they had not descried his figure against the darkness, Lyster charged straight at him. ' Here, Gaysworthy, take oare of this lady for half a minnte 1 I've got to go down to tho church •gain, and she's afraid of ghosts.' He waa gone before Herbert oould reply, and there, standing before him with a confusion which not even the darkness could c nceal, was the lady-help. For a moment, Herbert, cool hand as he generally was, lost his self-posseaaion. The opportunity he had been seeking for all day was within his grasp, and he scarcely dared to seize it. His usual promptness soon came to bis aid, however 1 now or never to pierce the mystery ! He first looked round to see if Lyster was out of sight; then grasping the hand of his 00m« ptnion whose broad hat so ooyly shaded her face that, strive as he would, he could not get a peep beneath, he pressed and laid it on his arm, without, however, relinquishing its hold. 1 Forgive me,' he said in a voice which he oould not by any effort keep from trembling with excitement. 'Surely you know me—you recognise me—Miss Bivington P' He paused a moment, bat the lady did not speak. 'Lucy, surely I cannot be mistaken'—and he again bent down, bat the hat bent lower on his shoulder, and the faoe was hidden still. 1 Tell me—only one word. You cannot have forgotten roe. Ton—' Bat, to his consternation, the head that bad been drooping lower and lower now fell on his shoulder; the fingers that lay on his arm were clenched convulsively. He disengaged his arm, and passing it round her waist, pressed her closely to him, so closely that he could feel the beating of her heart and hear a slight gurgling sound issue from beneath her hat. He was on the point of raising the brim of the objectionable hat to see if she was fainting when a shriek of laughter burst from tho surrounding bushes, and simultaneously black forirs raised themselves up, while with a peal of laughter ' the lady' darted from his grasp and sped in a manner which Herbert, even in that supreme moment of horror and astonishmont, could see was far from feminine, towards the hou 0. 'Done!' 'Landed in tbe grandest style!' ' Sold for once;' ' Ten pounds down !' ' Was it fish or flesh, old fellow?' A hundred other acclamations broke forth in confused din. 'By Jove! if all the girls want squeezing as tight as that, love-making must be bard work,' exolaimed the traitorous lady-help, who, having found the muslin gown a great impediment to flight, had stopped in her first intention, and sow, with the broad-brimmed hat upon his arm, revealed the features of Charlie Brooki. For two or three sooonds Herbert had stood as one daxed. Suddenly beooming alive to the full heinousness of the joke that had been played on him, as Charlie Brooks conoluded his mis chievous obiervation, he sprang upon him like an enraged tigor. Tom, who though among the party had been very unwilling to allow the joke to prooeed, felt that it had been carried much too far, and, seeing that Herbert was literally beside himself with passion, sprang forward and placed himself between him and Charlie. Herbert, foilod of bin prey, turned upon Tom. ' Take that,'he cried aiming a well-directed blow at Tom's hea;l. Tom otadod it oleverly, and without for a moment losing his good temper. llt was only a joke, Gaysworthy,' he said soothingly, holding in his powerful olutoh the hand that he had oaught. 1A joke! Po you call that dastardly triok a joke P' shouted Herbert, white with rage, and with a sudden wrenoh he tore his hand from Tom's grip, and with the return spring struck him with his olenobed fist. The furious blow, aimed all at hazard, for Herbert was like a madman at the moment, ■truok Tom on the temple. Without a sound he dropped like a felled bullock. 'Cowards and scoundrels,' oried Herbert, quivering with rage, and soaroely heeding Tom's fall in his frantio indignation, *to dare to play with a woman's name!' The young men were no cowards, however, and one of the hottest tempers wm rushing forward to meet him, when a word that broke from Lyater startled them even in their passion. 'Dead!' The word wat not uttered loudly—soaroely more than whispered—and yet amidst the eager angry clamour it rose and sounded above all. The noise ceased suddenly, utterly, as if some unseen power had oome among them and struok them dumb. They all stood horror-stricken ; the raised hands of the combatant* fell powerless. Dead! Tom lay on Ms baok, just as he had fallen, and the start shed their cold unloving light on hit still features. Herbert wat sobered now. Most agonised of all, he was the first to act. With one stride he was beside the motionless body, tearing away the olothing to feel for the aotion of the heart. 'He cannot be dead,' he muttered, and his face was at white at the face beneath him. The men crowded round—silent, stnpified. Herbert rose, and, staggering, leant against a a man for support. The man shrank from hit touch, and Herbert, with a horror whioh no worda can tell, comprehended all that that silent movement meant. Tom dead and he •For God's take get help. Let's carry him him up,' he muttered hoarsely. Even now he was the one to decide and com mand, and, all unconsciously, the rest obeyed the master mind. He sent some of the young fellows to the home to get a door to oarry the senseless body on. ' Tell them there has been an accident,' taid Frank Lyster, who remained by Tom's tide. Herbert looked at him gratefully ; it was like a reprieve. It seemed an eternity before they came baok. When they came they brought with them Mr. Singleton, an elderly man, who, from hit long experience of bush life and its sudden calls for help, had become a better doctor than nine tenths of the professionals. What thoughts possessed Herbert during the time that Mr. Singleton knelt to examine Tom, in after days .he never dared to recall. His ■uffering was too poignant. His heart seemed to cease to beat as he listened for the fiat. ' He is not dead,' Mr. Singleton said, as he slowly raised himself from his dose examina tion. ' Oarry him up gently.' Herbert lay quite motionless and silent while the others placed Tom on the door. Even before they moved him the strong restorative that Mr. Singleton had administered began to take effect. When he heard that Tom was showing signs of life, Herbert dared to look up. A load was lifted from him in that moment; till it had passed away be was not conscious of the terriblo tension that be had endured. He did not go with them—he must be alone. He moved a little way from the spot which now had such a history, and then threw himself face downward among the bushes. When be if ltbetter he went slowly in the direction of the house. He was uncertain how to act. He could aot dare to enter tke house which his mad passion had to nearly rendered desolate, and yet he could not go away without knowing Bbout Tom. Hit anxious uncertainty about Lucy had almost faded from hia mind under the pressure of the greater troub'e. When be got near he perceived that the house was dark and silent; the lights were all extin* guiihed save in one room. He must hare lain on the ground longer than he thought. He did not know what to do or where to go. He roamed round the silent house like a troubled spirit revisiting the glimpses of the morn, as Tom most surely would hare eaid. He was terribly tired and exhausted. In the midst of all his trouble he felt a keen wish for s good glass of ale, and the incongruity of the thought with his position struck him so keenly that he nearly laughed aloud. Not many men had passed such a Christmas day as he; every chord in the gamut of emotion struck to its utmost tension—hope, love, anger, and romorse. While he was making his ninth or tenth pattol of tlio house, he saw a figure oome out of one of the Frenoh windows of the solitury lighted room, and pass towards that part of the verandah whiolt led to the kitohen. Herbert's heart gave a great bound. iThe figure held a lamp that threw its full light upon her features, and it wat Lucy Kivington. He was certain he was not mistaken. He made one hasty stride towards her and then stopped. He had had one such severe lesson against preoipi tanoy, that now he would bide his time. Besides, if it were Lucy, and if she had had any hand in the joke that had been pluyed upon him, or was even oognisant of it, without con triving to give him warning—why, she was not worthy of the love he bad lavished upon her. She was not the Luoy he had fondly thought her. He watobed and waited patiently. He lost sight of the figure altogether for a time—then a light appeared in the kitohen, and stayed there for some time, and finally Luoy came forth again. She was holding a basin this time as well as a lamp, and seemed utterly engrossed in her mis sion of carrying the two without upsetting them; Herbert watohed her narrowly, and gazed at the •weet pale face with all a lover's delight. There was little change there sinoe he had seen it last { it was thioner and a trifle paler j the six years had brought trouble in their wake—that was clear. Evidently she was sitting up, helping to nurse the siok man—' helping' in everything —making good her name—a patient household drudge! He watohed her pass from tho kitchen aoross the court on to the verandah again, and tben he resolved that, come what migat, he would speak to her. He coughed. Luoy stopped and looked round nervously. 1 Don't be afraid/ said Herbert in his softest voice, hoping against hope that the might re cognise it. For a momont Luoy made no reply. She held the lamp above her head vainly trying by its light to penetrate the gloom beyond. But to no purpose. • Who is it P* she asked quietly, and yet very much alarmed. •Tell me first how Tom is,' said Herbert anxiously. Amidst all his trembling anxiety to get to Lucy he felt that on the answer to that question depended his power to accost her. The answer would determine his future life. 'Muoh better,' the girl answered gently; « Mr. Singleton says thete is no danger at all. Only he must keep quiet for a day or two.' ' Thank God!' murmured Herbert, and for a moment he could say no more. Luoy, after waiting a little, resumed her way. ■ Stay one minute,' said Herbert hurriedly; 11 dare say jon have heard the whole miserable story/ and as he spoke he stepped on to the verandah. Though not coming within the light shed by Lucy's lamp, Luoy made a rapid move* ment towards the lighted bedroom. Herbert mast have gauged her courage of old and calcu lated on her self-possession—for most girls in a like predicament would have soreemed out and alarmed the house. • Luoy,' he said gently, «Luoy, don't you know me?' He approached quite close and let the lamp shine full upon him. •Mr. Gaysworthy!' exclaimed Luoy, letting the basin of gruel fall from her hand in her ex treme surprise. • Burely you knew I was here—you must have heard my name mentioned P' •No 1 I heard that a Mr. Herbert was here, but of course I never thought it was you. Oh, Mr. Gaysworthy, how thankful I am to see an old friend again!' and she came towar js him with outstretched hand. But Herbert put hit own behind hia back. ' You must not shake hands with me till you have heard the wretched story of Tom's acci dent,' he said abruptly. Then he paused awk wardly. ' But what has that to do with you and I being friends, Mr. Oaysworthy ?' said Lucy, the eoft gray eyes filling with tears at the repulse. 1 Ah !' said Herbert sternly, • When you have heard you shall judge. All rests with you,' he aided. Something in the tone of the last words made Luoy's colour come, and the long laihes fell on her cheeks just as they had done at the morning service, while she listened. Very bluntly and yet concisely Herbert told the story. Tho bet, his recognition of her ob served, the trick played upon him, and its sad ending. ' I was mad at being olose to you, and yet kept from you, Lucy, 1 he said, in conclusion, holding out his hand imploringly ; « Will you forgive P' Luoy took the hand tliat was held out, and pressed it in her small white one—and then— But no—we must draw a veil, and a good thiok one too, over the events of the next quar ter of an hour. They made fooli of themselves and|of one another, and that on an extensive scale —as most people do at least once in their lives, and some people three or four times over. But that is a mistake. • This is rather a queer " oarrying on" for a " lady-help," is it not ?' said Herbert, when Lucy at last contrived to release herself from his arms; and looking round she saw that it was very dark indeed—that the stars had all hidden themselves, declining to countenanoe such equivooal proceed ings, and that the lamp had gone out. How Lucy did not know, and Herbert was too wiie to tell her. ' What will Mrs. Somerset say ?' asked Lucy anxiously of Herbert, as if he had been a prophet or a' medium.' 1 Tell her the lamp went out, and you could not find the matches,' suggested the Mephisto* philean intellect of the inferior sex. ' But I have been suoh a long time,' said Lucy uneasily. Observe, she did not in the least hesitate to follow up the labyrinth of deceit pointed out to her, only, like a true woman, sho wanted to know where it would lead her too before she started. In many things woman has the greater prescience, and love of knowledge has always been her lodestar. It was that made her eat the apple, not ouriosity, as vulgar* minded people think. • Well, you have been looking for them all this time,' said Herbert, in the tone of a priest giving advice and comfort \ 'of course if you had found them you would have gone back long ago.' Lucy did not reply, and Herbert, wishing to see by the expression of her face whether the suggestion was satisfactory, had to come very olose to her indeed, because it was so dark. Then prolonged sound*, not altogether like whistlings, struck on the quiet night, and then Luoy .fled away, leaving the extinguished lamp and the spilt gruel to Herbert. What explanation Lucy would really have given to Mrs. Somerset is not oertain. Luokily the threat of gruel hai had the excellent effect of making Tom simulate sleep—which simula tion, as it so often does in graver matters, had turned to the real thing• and Mrs. Somerset, never the best of nurses, and always very sleepy, had followed his example. So when Lacy got back she found everything exactly as she could have wished it, and the settled herself down in the big arm chair,from which she was to 'help' in the night duties, and gave rein to her thoughts. They were very happy ones. What could have ended better than her new-world venture P The lady who had advised her and many other 1 unprotected females' to come to Queensland be* cause ' there was room for them and lots to spare* had been her best friend. Though all along a private consideration had guided her, whioh she kept striotly to herself, and never told even to the emigrating councillor. She felt quite certain that sooner or later she would see or hear of Herbert Gaysworthy. What great ad vantage was to be derived from that was another of her most profound seorets—perhaps to be a seoret no longer. Herbert Gaysworthy certainly did not get more than an hour's sleep before the sun rose on the next day—and he rose with it, feeling, in spite of the wakeful night, every whit as much refreshed as the sun mutt be after his midnight ' dip,' and quite as eager to run his course. Luoy was up very early too. Of course that was was only because she had to attend to her 'duties.' They, curiously enough, took her exactly where the anxiety to hear about Tom took Herbert. So he saw the lady-help, and got at the same time the earliest poesible report of the invalid. Tom, like a good fellow as he was, was recovering promptly, and no dreary season of mourning and everlasting rcmorie was on his account to follow the merry Christmas Day. Py the time that the party assembled in the room for breakfast the curiosity which had been excited about the manner of Tom's accident had been appeased, and a full and true account of last night's adrentures, which, up to that time, fear for what the oonsequenoea might yet prove to be had kept concealed, was given. The young ladies were sbooked to hear what the end of the praotical joke had been, for they had all been in the secret of ' making up' Charlie Brooke, and Lizzie Canning, Tom's favourite cousin, bad lent her own dress for the occasion. ' It was a oruel joke, when one comes to think abont it,' said Lizzie seriously. 1 Yes,' replied Lyster ; • but who would have thought such a sharp fa!low as Gaysworthy would have fallen into the trap ?' 1 He mutt have been awfully " gone " on the lady beforehand,' said another man. 'It might have had a dreadful ending,' said Lizzie yerj gravely, looking up at Tom, who had just entered the room, and was standing by her. <As long as I live I will never take part in a practical joke again.' Tom's eyes and Lizzie's met as she aaid this, and he dimly remembered how she had thrown herself beside him when he was brought homo weak and helpless the night before. Tom was in a very softened mood that mornicg, and though he professed to be quite well, and re pelled all sympathising inquiries a little cava lierly, he looked pale, his langh was lower than usual, and he did not make a single quotation. ' Should you hare £ared ?' he said in a low voice, in answer to the first part of Lizzie's speech. • You know I would, Tom,' lizzie replied in the same undertone. Tom said nothing more, but hovered near Lizzie, pulling his tawny beard, apparently in deep thought. Just as his mother called him to breakfast he went out on to the verandah, and when he came baok his arm waa linked through Herbert Oaysworthy't. Both the young men looked agitated, and this feeling was apparently communicated by one of those mysterious influences—'animal mag* netism, or what not—to the rest of the com* pany. Mrs. Somerset had tears in her eyes as she shook hands with Herbert, and Herbert did not dare to trust himself to speak. All felt that the peril had been very near, and that great meroy had been vouchsafed, or the Merry Christ mat would have had a story hanging to it the memory of which would have haunted them to their dying day. In spite of sentiment, when once the party bad settled to the business of the breakfast table, their conduct there showed no signs of depression. ' A commencement having once been made, the conversation flagged as little as the appetites, and the Boxing morning breakfast made a fitting pendant to the Christmas dinner. Lucy did not appear at it. She was too tired, she told Mrs. Somerset, in answer to her kind persuasions to join the party, and yet the spark ling eyes and bright cheeks, most unusual with the lady- help, did not betoken any great fetigue. She must be feverish, Mrs. Somerset thought. Herbert, having so far vanquished all diffi culties in his road, deoided to speak to Mrs. Somerset at onoe. He had already taken Tom into his confidence, and the two had deliber ated together as the best means of bringing Mrs. Somerset to consent to letting Lucy leave her. Herbert had made up his mind to be married on New Year's Day— 'not a week off,' as Luoy mildly objected when Herbert made his royal pleasure known. But Luoy, even in the few hours whioh had elapsed since her engagement, had already learned her lesson. 'Hear and obey!' Herbert raid authoritatively, and she humbly bowed {morally) before him. ' But you must manage if, Herbert. I cannot speak to Mrs. Somerset.' ' Don't trouble yourself abont any arrangements \ leave everything to me,' Her* bert said loftily j and Luoy felt as if some god had descended upon earth and taken the direction of her poor little affairs into his hand, and that to interfere or even suggest an opposing wish would be impious. But, in spite of Herbert's magnificent indif ference to opposition, he did not feel quite so easy when he found himself face to face with Mrs. Somerset. The old lady passed through every phase of astonishment as she listened to him ; then fell to absolute dejeotion. What could she do without Lucy ? • Why, my dear madam, eight months ago you had never seen her, and you did very well.' 1 That is just it. You can do without a thing if you have never had it; of course then you don't know anything about it, and don't miss it,' murmured poor Mra. Somerset, a little confused in her phraseology, but quite clear about her meaning. She evsn nonplussed Herbert. Her position was impregnable. Ne- ertheless he meant to> take Lucy from her, and that right bood. While he was digging his fingers viciously into hi» beard to see what possible way there was of getting his own way, without too violently dis turbing the comfort of the good lady, the door opened and Tom appeared leading, or rathtr dragging, Lizzie by the hand. Lizzie's eyes shone 10 brightly through the tears 'that still lingered about thorn, and her cheeki were bo pink, that, without disloyalty to Lucy, Herbert could not help thinking what a remark ably pretty girl she was. Tom's pallor had disappeared, and he, too, was flushed. Tom was uncommonly subdued this morning. Generally you could tell his where* abouts by footsteps that shook the house, and singing and whistling and laughing, all per formed after the mannor of the Titans | but this morning it was the case of the steam hammer moderated to crack a hazel nut. A glance at him, and ' that touch of Nature,' made Herbert know'ezaotly what was coming. He hastened to the nearost place of exit. Then poor Mrs. Somerset had another bout of agitating talk, muoh worse than that with Her bert. It was bad to lose the lady-help, but how infinitely, how incomparably, worse to lose her boy. It was all very well for Tom to tell her he bad brought her a daughter and a new help, who would never leave her. She knew all about that. She was not stupid. He was her Tom now— hera in very truth—but when he had a wife, ha, well! She must bear as others had borne before her. We all go to the wall in turn. The poor lady was not even allowed to have a little time to get used to it. Tom was as frantio to be married on New Year's Day as Herbert, and all for her sake! That was the cruellest cut of all. Better be without a help for ever than hare one who was to go shares in Tom. Ay! and not shares even. The poor mother would soon be made to feel that her share was very small indeed compared to the new made wife's. She did not say all this. She loved Tom too dearly to show him her sorrow; but when the interview was ended, and Tom and Lizzie left her, both radiant, she went to her own room and shut herself up. They must manage with out her for a little. No doubt they could. The rest of the day was passed in excited disquisitions about bridesmaids and bridesmaids' dresses. Tom and Herbert were quite at a dis count. They were of no vie at all—they did not seem to know that fair bridesmaids must have blue dresses, and dark ones pink. ♦ What ever does it matter V said Tom, quite impatiently. ' Why cannot you wear the gowns you've got on P* The young ladies shrieked with horror. Bridesmaids in oommon morning dresses! Tom was very glad when it was time for the Cannings to go home. He rode off beside Lizxie, promising his mother to be back next day. Herbert made up his mind to continue his journey to town, which had been so greatly interrupted. The rest dispersed, to meet again on New Year's Eve; and Mrs. Somerset and Liqj were left aloae. 11 wonder if that dog will take part in the service this time P' aaid Herbert, aa ha and Tom ■trolled down the paddook on the wedding day. They were both dreadfully in the way in the house, and to anubbed and inbdued that they had taken themselves off to smoke their last bachelor cigar together. The soene at the dairy just opposite to where they were standing was animated enough, in honour of the wedding!, to restore them to a fitting conviction of thtir own importance— which had just been slightly impaired. ' None of those preparations would be any good without us,' said Tom, pointing to the flowers and other decorations, and continuing the thread of his own meditations, without any reference to Herbert's remark, ' I shall be thank ful when it \a over, and we are quiet again/ •So shall I,' said Herbert, with a heartfelt sigh. * All this foolery is enough to send a fellow wild, but I suppose the women like it.' ' I am sure Lizzie does not care about it a bit,' said Tom, a little defiantly. ' And I am sure Lucy does not,' said Herbert not to be behind in defending his lady-love j aud then they both burst out laughing. If the brides did not like it and the bride* grooms hated it, why on earth was it to be ? The marriages were to be by special license, and Herbert had pleadod so hard for the ' dairy' that it was decided the weddings were to take place there. Lizzie, at Mrs. Somerset's urgent entreaty, had agreed to be married from Tom's home instead of her own, and the party had all arrived on the preceding evening. The New Year's morning was everything that could be desired for a marriage day—bright and clear and hot. There was no mistake about the heat, and the air dancod with that strauge gaseous motion which means that it is going to be rather warm even for Queensland. The double wedding was a very pretty sight. The church was merry with flowers and crowded with happy faces; and the pathway from the house, that had been cleared especially for the procession, was literally transformed into a carpet of flowers ; flowers strewn singly, flowers bouquets, flowers in garlands, flowers in wreaths—heliotrope, lilies, geraniums, and roses of every hue—white ones for Lucy and red fo: Lizzie; and prettier, happier, brides than they who walked upon thorn the sun would have great difficulty in finding out to shine on ; and none of the company seemed to share in Tom's and Herbert's opinion—that it was a great deal too muoh fuss for such a short pieoe of business. True, scarcely a quarter of an hour elapsed between the girls' entering the church and their issuing forth again, but it made a difference in their lives for them to all time. Then the party adjourned to the house, and breakfast was dis posed of; and then amid showers of rice and white slippers, and innumerable good wishes, the brides and bridegrooms started on their wedding journey, on the new phases in their lives whioh began with the New Year. 