EIGHTEEN YEARS ALONE. A TALE OF THE PACIFIC. CHAPTER I. OP the sroup commonly called the Smta Barbara.Islands, no near the main-land that on the map they seem mere crumbs of the Pacific eo?.st, Tittle is knovin. even by Californians. Scarcely an Amssican but has read of the tropical islandu where the mythical Robinson Crusoe was wrecked, yet few persons know that over the desolate steeps of a nearer island of the same vast sea hang the mystery, the horror and the pathos of a storylof & captive woman ; a story, if it could be fully told, more thrilling than that of Crusoe, _other fact; on», the supposed exploits of a hardy man, the other, the r«al desolation of a suffering woman; one, the tale of a mariner whom the vraters flung against his will into a summer-land, the other, of one who voluntarily breasted the waves, and fought death, ia response to the highest love cf which the human heart is capable. The Santa Barbara Islands, on one of which this strange romance was enacted, lie to the southward of Santa Barbara channel, the nearest of the group being about twentyfive miles distant from the main-land. The names of the islands ara Aaacspa, Santa Rosa, San Miguel, Santa Cruz, Santa Catilina, Sin Clemente, Santa Barbara, San Nicolao. • They are now uninhabited, and have been so for years. The islands nearer the coast are used for 'sheep-grazing; a sailboat carries over the shearers and brings back the wool..XThe more distent are known to trappers as fine beds of otter and seal. The sea-lions and sea- elephants in the Centennial Exposition, New York Aquarium and Cincinnati Zoological Gardens were lassoed off the outlying ivlands of the Sista Barbara group. Boats visit tha beachee for obaionea, the meat of which ia dried tmd sh:pp»d to China for food, while the shells (Haliotis splendens, Haliolis rufescens aid Haliotis cracherodii), sold &t; an average price c£ fifty dollirs per ton at the San Francuco .whtrf, are bought by dealers in marine fihells, cut into jewellry to be sold to tourists, or shipped to Europe, to be manufactorod into buttons and other pearl ornaments. Excepting the occ&sicaai; campa o£ shearers, seal-hunters and abaione-packers, the islands are totally deserted. Yet, wild and desolate ae they now are, Cabrilio says that in the fifteenth ceotnry they were densely peopled by a superior race, and that the- main-land was dotted by villages. The children of tLe islanders are described by ea::iy nAvigaturs as being " white, with liu.ht h<»ir and ruddy cheeks," and the women as hh?ing " fir.e forma, beautiful eyea and a modest demeanour. J The men wore loose cloaks, the women dressed in petticoats and capes of eeskl-skin, heavily fringed and handsomely ornament'jd. The more industrious and wealthy embroidered their garments with pearl and small piuk fihells. Neoklaces of sparkliug ttones and oarven ivory were worn by the higher caste, and ear-rings of irie-hued abalone were not uncommon. They cooked their food in soapatone vessels, or iu water h6ated by dropping hot stones into water- light baekets. Bancroft, in his " Native Races," mentions, among articles of their manufacture, needles, awls and fishhooks of bone or shell; watsr-tight baekets, ollas of stone, and canoes, deep and long, with both stem and st^ra equally elevated above the water. Fletcher wrote of the coset when he visited is with Sir Francis Drake in 1579. In the year 1512, Cabrilio landed at what is now known as San Miguel, and christened ;t Ysal de Posesion. He died on the island in 1543, and is buried in its sands. Going back suit further ia our search, we find that before the Spanish fleet, Sir Francis Drake or Cabriilo ever visited the ooaet, She villages thereon were thrifty and populous, and the isles of the sea swarming cities of the period. Of San Niaolfs, on which the scenes of this wild romance are hud, very little has been known until a reoont date. It is the outermost of the group, distant Beventy miles frcm the coast, and thirty miles away from i>s nearest neighbour. It is thought to h>:ve been at one time the abode of a people differing in mauuers, habits and mode of life Jrom the inhabitants both of the mainland and the neighbouring islands. Mons. De Ceeeac, a gentleman engaged in oolleot- ; arct ajological specimens for the French Government, says that the relics found by him on San Nicolas are more elaborate in form and finish, and ehow a superiority of workmanship. This testimony tends to confirm the eicry of the early voyagers concerning the cultivation and remarkable taste of the handsome dwellers in Gha-las-hat, centuries ago. Mons. De CeBsae has found also upon San Nicol&s; articles of warfare and domestic use, evidently belonging to a northern tribe, similar to those picked up by him on the borders of Alaska. Hence, he infers that the plaoe was at one time the dwelling of north country tribes. Corroborating Mons. De Ceseac's opinion, search through anoient manuscript has brought to light the fact that, many years ago, a ship belonging to Pope and Boardman, oi Boston, and commanded by one Captain Whitmore, brought down from Sitka a lot of Kodiaks for the purpose of otter-hunting on San Nicolas Island. They were left npon the island, and years of feud resulted in a massacre, in which every grown male islander was killed by the powerful and well-armed Eodiaks. The women were taken by the victors, lived with them as wives, and bore children to the murderers of their husbands and fathers. The fact is recorded that the inhabitants of San Nicol&s; faded away strangely and rapidly, so that, in 1830, ICBS than two score men, women and children remained of the once dense population. Meantime, Franciscan zealots poured from the south of Europe into America, and, under lead of Father Junipero Serra, found their way up the coast, building chuiohes beside the sea, planting gardens of olive and palm, makiiig aqueducts and altars, founding a kingdom oi temporal and spiritual splendour, which leaves to Protestant America the names of saints set indelibly on every stream, headland and island along the southern elope of the Pacific. It was the dawn of a temporary civilisation, imposing and wonderful, a civilisation whose ruina are most artistic and fascinating. The missionaries pressed the Indians into service. They set them to tilling the soil, herding the flocks and quarrying the rook. The coast Indians having been put to labour, the thrifty padres turned their gaze to the islands in the offing, and brought to the main-land the people from Santa Rosa, San Miguel, Santa Cruz and Santa Catalina. The more distant island of San Nicolas was left a while to repose in its heathen darkness. How affairs progressed during that time on the island we have no account. At this day the queen isle of Gha-las-hat lies bare %nd silent as a tomb amidst the sea. In this deserted spot, for eighteen years, a human being lived alone. Here she was found at last by fishermen who are iivinjg, aud whose affidavits, properly witnessed, stamp as true every detail of the remarkable incident. CHAPTER II. IN the year .1835, Isaac Sparks and Lewis L. Button, Americans, ehartered a schooner of twenty tons burthen, for otter-hunting on the lower California coast. The vessel was owned by a rich Spaniaidgof Monterey, and. was commanded by Captain Charley Hub bard. The eohooner bore the name Peor es Ncda, and Bhe started out of Santa Barbara tiaibour on a fine April -morning, fallowed by the eyes cf the entire population. In those times the sight of a sailing vesBel was not an every-day occurrence. It drew the men to the beacb, the women to the casements. and attracted .the friars from their usual meditative gaze on ground or book. For hours previous to the departure of the echooner, the curving stretch of sand had been alive with racing horsemen and lazy pedestrians, exchanging, in Spanish, words of praise concerning their visitor. After a successful cruipe, the Peor es Nada came, three months later, into the more southerly harbour of San Pedro, unloaded her pelts, and immediately, under direction oi Captain Williams, collector of the port, set sail for San Nicolas to bring the islanders to the main-land, in accordance with the will of the church fathers. Before they reached their destination a sudden gale came up, rising almost to the severity of a tempest. The winds—sehich by the Santa Yuez mountains are deflected from the valleys of the southern coaBt—struck with full force upon the upper end of San Nicola*, lashing the shoal watern into iury. and shooting the spray in volleys through the picturesque carvings of the low cliffs. The landing was effected with difficulty. The wind increased in violence. The weather became BO boisterous as to endanger the safety of the vessel. No time was wasted- The islanders, some twenty in number, were hurried into the boats, and all speed was made to reach the schooner. In the excitement and confusion of the final abandonment of their home, it was not known until they were on the ship that a child had been left behind. The mother supposed it to have been carried aboard in the arms of an old sailor. She frantically icapiored the men to'return. The captain replied that they must get to a place of safety ; after the storm—to- morrow, perhaps—ihey would come back for the baby. Finding that tbey were going out to sea, the youcig mother became desperate, and, despite all effort:) to detain her, jumped overboard and struck out through the kelpy waters for the shore. She was a widow,! between twenty and thirty years of age, of medium height and line form; her complexion was light, ».ud her hair of a dark, rich brown. No attempt was made to rescue her, and iu a moment she was lost in the seething waves. The ship, already under headway, staggered through the storm; the affrighted islanders huddled together on deck, and shut every other emotion tor the time from their hearts. After an adventurous voyage, the Peor ds Nada eventually reached S&n; P«dro, where ihe exiles were landed. Some of them were q:nt to LOB Angeles, fifteen miles back from the coast;. some were put to work ia the neighbouring mission of San Gabriel; two of the women were soon married to wealthy men of Los Angelos. It was the intention of Captain Hubbard to return to San Nicolas immediately, to see if the woman or child were living. But the schooner had orders to come direct to Santa Barbara, to take George Nidiver and a party of otter-huntera to Santa Rosa Island; afterward, carry from Monterey a cargo of timber to Sin Francisco. The boat was in urgent demand along the coast, and these two trips were imperative before a second visit could be made to San Nicolas. Delaying their errand of humanity and justice a few weeks, they lost it for orer; for on that very trip the Peor es Nada capsized at the entrance to the Golden Gate. The men were washed ashore in an almost exhausted condition, and the schooner drifted out to Bea. It was reported long after, though without confirmation, to have been picked up by a llusiian ship. After the loss of the Monterey schooner, there was no cr*f t of any kind .larger than the canoes and fietiing-boats on* the lower coair. No oue car»d to attempt a passage of seventy miles to Sin Nicolas iu au open boat, and alter a time ihe excitement and interest faded out. Those who at first had been most solicitous that assistance should bo sent settled into the belief that the couple had perished durlog the days of waiting; the remainder of the community, never having believed that the woman had reached shore through the storm, were indifferent, supposing that the child had died soon after the tragic death of the mother. Their uncertain fate lay heavy on the mora tender-hearted of the mission fathers; but it was not until 1850 that father GJUzaleB found an emissary to search for tho lost. Thomas Jeffries had come into possession of a amall schooner, and was offered £50 should he bring the woman or child to Santa Barbara alive. Fifteen years having passed since the sbandonment of the island, and, no one having visited the spot during that time, the probability of the death of the parties was universally accepted, although no actual proof of death had been sought or found. But when ThomaB Jeffries' boat was seen, at the close of a balmy day of midwinter, coming up the bay without the signal he was to have displayed provided hlB search had been successful,''the matter was settled. Groups of persons congregated on the Bands. Some watched from shore the small craft fold her wings and settle to reBt on the mirror-like water, others put off ia canoes to meet the boatmen, and gossip concerning the trip. Jeffries had found no trace of living beings ou the island, and whether the woman Had Oven beaten to death in the surf, or died after gaining the land, would probably never bs known. The schooner was left idly rocking close to shore; sailors aud landsmen strolled slowly up to the town. Night mantled the moaning waters, and the great deep was left in possesion of another Becret. The returu of Jeffries brought up afresh the iucident, which by some had been almost forgotten. For a few hour* little was talked of eave the heroic young mother aud her child in the sea-girt isle. Time pasfied swiftly ou, and in the dreamy full contentment of the land the dead woman ol San Nicolas slipped from mind, and thought, and speech. CHAPTER III. TOM JEFFRIES' visit to San Nicol&s; was the theme of more than one day's gossip. The island he described as seven or eight miles long, by three or four in width j the body of the land near six hundred feet above the beach, the plateau falling in steep gulches to the sea. There were quantities of amall lark inland, but no other fowl, save seagulls, pelicans and shags. Numbers of red foxes were seen in the hills, and droves of curious wild .dogs, tall and slender, with coarse, long hair and human eyes. On a flat, near the upper end of the island, and half hidden by sand dunes, he found the remains of a curious hut, made of whales' ribB planted in a circle, and so adjusted as to form the proper curve of a wigwam- shaped shelter. This he judged to have been formerly either the residence of the chief, or a place of worship where sacrifices were offered. He had picked up several ollas, or vessels of stone, and one particularly handsome cup of clouded green serpentine. But ol all the wonders of the island, the features on whioh Jeffries liked beat to dwell were the fine beds of otter and seal ia' the vicinity of San Nicolas. So fabu 7 oua wern his yarns, tW !h« interest of the other hungers wan *roused, and early in the following year P boat was fitted out, and George Nidiver, accompanied by Thomas Jeffries and a crew •if Indians, started on an otter hunt to the wonderful otter-beds uevsnty miles away. A lauding was effected near the southern enA of the island, and, climbing the eliffa to see where the otter lay, they had a magnificent view of the islands to the north and east. Oa the south-west the Pacific rolled out Its azure breadth, unspecked by shore, or raft, or spot of any kind. The inland'on which they_ stood seemed a quiet, calm, deserted spot, in the sunshine that then enfolded it. Butterflies hovered over the wild Bage upon the knolls; soft breezes rocked lazily the scant grass about their feet; thickets of chaparral dotted th® hills; cactus held ont waxen trays, where, on burnished mats of thorns, reposed frinied yellow satin flowers; a trailing Baud plant, with thick, doughy leaves, wafted from ita pink clusters a moat delicious odour—an odour that had in It the haunting Bweetness of the arbutus and the freshness of the salt sea wind. The otter-hunters did not linger long on the cliff, for on one side they found the rocks swarming with black seal, thousands of them mingling their sharp bark with the heavy roar of sea-lions. The otter were thick on the reefs, and a stranded whale lay in the edge of the crinkling surf. The party remained six weeks in camp oa the beach. Osra stuck upright in the sand, covered by canvas, composed their shelter; a spring was found midway up the cliff, so that during their stay no one had occasion to go inland or wander far from the otter-beds, which were on the side of the island where their tents were pitched. The seal is caught aslenp on the rocks, lassoed or knocked in the head; incisions are made in the flippers, lower jaw, lip and tail, and about four minutes are required by a good workman to skin an ordinary seal. The hides are salted, and, after a wetk or two, bundled and packed. The otter, most timid of the animals of the se», is caught in nets spread upon swaying beds of sys-weed, or is shot while lying with head buried in kelp to shut out the sound of a storm. It is very sensitive to noise, and so shy that it takes alarm at every unusual sight. The loose hide 1B taken from the body with one cut, turned wrong side out, atretched and dried. Before the schooner left the vicinity of San Nicolas, a terrible storm arose, lasting for eight days, carrying away a mast and dragging the anchor, BO that another had to be improvised of a bag filled with stones. Daring the tempeBt, a sailor fancied he saw a hum-in figure on the headland of the I*land. TD rough the washes of spray it seemed to be running up ard down the edge of the plateau, beckooing and shouting. Toe captain was called, but the apparition h'd vanished. On the eighth day, the schooner was en&blad; to iua over to S*n Miguel, and from there to S%nta Barbara, where the sailor's ttory of the beckoning ghost of San Nicolas haunted for a long time the dreams of the superstitious ou thorf. A second cruiss of the otter-hunters failed to bring any additional news of the phantom of the sea. Everything on land was just aa before; not a leaf had been disturbed, not a track was found. In July, 1853, the otto-men made a third trip to Sm Nicolae, anchored off the northeast side, and I'stablished a c∓ on shore. The- pirty consisted of Captain Nidiver, a fisherman named Carl Detman, who went among Bailors by the soubriquet of Charlie Brown, an Irish cook and a crew of Mission Indians. The evening after their arrival, Nidiver and Brown strolled several miles down the beach, eujoying their pipes and discussing plans for work. It was oae of those limpid nighte, such as California knows—a night when the stars shine large and w&rm; from the low sky, when the moon burns with an amber blaze, and fragrance is !n the air. As the comrades were about to retrace their Bteps, Nidiver stopped, look* A quickly about him, then shopped, and closely examined .something on the ground. Ia the weird moonlight, plainly outlined ®a the lonely shore, was the piinfc of a slender, naked foot. "The woman of San Nicola?! My Goi5, she is living 1" He lifted his voice, and shouted in Spanish that friends were come to rescue her. Overcome by the conviction thr.t tho lost woman must have been near when he w^s in camp two years before—that it was not a creation of fancy, hut a living being they had seen in the storm—the captain rau t^ and fro, calling, looking and swearing T>y. turns. Hours were Bpent by the two men in search, but in vain. The next day, Nidiver found a basket of ruehes hanging in a tree. It contained bone needles, thread made of sinews, shell fishhooka, ornaments, and a partially completed robe of birds' plumage, made of small squares neatly matched and sewed together. Nidiver proposed replacing the things, but Brown scattered them about saying that, if they were picked up, it would be proof that the owner bad visited the 1 spot. Inland they discovered several circular, roofless inclo&ures;, made of woven brush. Near theee shelters were poles, with dried meat hanging from elevated cross-pieces. The grass was growing iu the pens, and nothing indicated their recent habitation. Infissuresof perpendicular rocks near the springs were wedded dried fish and seals' blubber; but no sign of the near presence of the hermitess. After several days the men abandoned the chase. There was no doubt that aou^ 000 had been on the island very latelv. Either the woman, or the child grown to womanhood, had lived there, or, perhaps, both mother and child had survived until recently. But they mu^t have bean dead months at least. The footprint was older than at first supposed. The robe had not been replaced in the tree. The captive perchance died of despair after they left her beckoning in the storm. After that, the fishing went on for weeks, and they were about returning' home, when Nidiver said he believed a person was hiding on the island. If she was living he was bound to find her. If dead, he would find her body if he had to scrape the island inch by inch. This provoked a laugh of deriBion. Of course the wild dogs had devoured her remains. But Nidiver was convinced that the woman was afraid; had concealed herself, possibly on the opposite side of the island, where the shore was precipitous, difficult of access, containing perhaps gulches and caves unknown to them. The men murmured at the delay, were incredulous as to the success of the raid, rebelled at the long trampB over a wild country. The old captain was firm; suitable preparations were made, and the entire fores of otter'men started on their final hunt for a ghost. Near the head of the island they came acrosB the bone house JeffrieB had described. Rushes were skilfully interlGced in the tib frame-work, an olla and old basket wire near the door. It stood amidst.nntrampled weeds. After several days' march, a dangerous olimb over slippery rooks brought Brown to a spot where there were fresh footprints. He followed them np the eliffs until they were lost in the thick-moss that oovered the ground. Walking farther, he fonnd a piece of drift-wood from whioh he concluded the person had been to the beaoh for firewood, and dropped the faggot on her way home. Frcm a high point OR ihc- mize ho saw Jhe men raoviug shoui bdow. Then his eye caught a small object a long way off on the hills. It appeared like a crow at first glanoa, but it moved about in a singular manner. Advancing toward it stealthily, he was dumbfounded to find that it was the head of a woman, barely visible above the low woven-brush sides of her roofless retreat in the bushes. As Brown drew nearer, a pack of -dogs reclining close 'to the woman growled; but without looking around the woman uttered a peculiar cry which silenced them, and they ran away to the bills. Brown haiied withia a few yarde of her, and, himself uaseen, watched every movement within the hut. Inside the inclosure was a mound of grass, woven baskets full of things, end a rude knife made of a piece of iroa hoop, thrust into a wooden handle. A fire smouldered near, and a pile of bones lay in the ashes. The complexion of the woman was much fairer than tke ordinary Indiau, har personal appearaaoa pleasing, features regular, her bair, thick and brown, falling about her shoulders in a tangled mat. From the time Brown arrived withia hearinj?, she kept np continual talking to herself. She was leaning forward, shading her eyes with her hand, watching the men crossing the flat below her dwelling. After looking a*, th«m with an anxiety impossible to be depicted, she 'crouched in terror, but immediately started up as if to run. The men on tho flat hed not seen her, and Brown, putting his hat on the ramrod of hie gcur, alternately lifted snd lowered it to attract their attention; then by signs he iatimated that the womta was found, and they should spread out so as to catch her if she trie i to escape. Before- tho meu reached the knoll, Brown KttppeU around ir^ sight and epoko. Sl»e gave ^ frightened look into hio face, ran a few steps, but, instantly coutrlolling herself, stood still and addressed him in an unknown to&gae.; She. seemed to be between forty an.i fifty years of age", in fine physical condition, erect, with well-formed neck and arms and unwriukled face. Sbe was dressed in a tunicshaped garment made oi birds' plumage, iow in the neck, sleeveless, and reaching tu the ankle. The dress was similar to the oue found in the tree. Aa the meu cams up, she greeted them each in the way she had met Brown, and with a simple dignity, not without its tfieci on both Icdtaos and white men, made them walooma ana set about pieparing food for tham from h9r scanty store. Tho meal consisted of roasted roots, called by Californians carcomites ; bat when was there known a more touching hospitality ? Amony the Indian crsw, there wera several dialects spoken, but none of the party were able to converse with their hoet93e, or understand a word she uttered, and they were forced to try and make her know by signs that she was txpected to go with them. Brown went through the motion packing her things iu baskets, shouldering them, and walkiug toward the be- ich. She comprehended instantly, and made preparations to depart, tier effects were neatly placed in pack-bafib&ts;, oua of which she swung over her back, and, taking a burning stick from the fire, she started with a firm tread after the Indians to the shore. Beside the loid the female Cruso carried, Nidiver aud Brown bad their arms full. Upon reaching the boat, she entered without hesitation, going forward to the bow, kneeling and holding to either wide. Wh.u the schooner was reached, she went aboard without c.uy trouble, s&i; down near the stove in the cabin, and quietly watched the men in thsir work oa board. To rephce her feither dress, which he wished to preserve, Brown made her a. petticoat of ticking; and with a man's cotton shirt and gay neckerchief, her eemi-civllised drees wf.a complete While Browa was sewing she watched him closely, and laughed at his manner of using a needle. She showed him that her way was to puncture the cloth with her bone needb, or awl, aud then put the thread through tli9 perforation;. She signified that she wished to try a threaded needle, and Bro meterials, but she could not thread the needle. Brown prepared it, and gave her an old cloak of Nidiver's to mend, and while she took her first lesson in sewing, Bhe told her teacher on shipboard, by signs, portions of her life on the island. She bad from time to time seen ships pas?, but aoue came to take her off. She watched as long as wiie could see shetn, and, after they were out of sight, she threw herself on the ground and cried, but after a time she walked over the island until she forgot about it and could smile again. She had also eeen people on the beach several times. She was afraid and hid until they were gone, and then wept beoause she had not made herself known. She said that he had taken her by surprise and she could not run, and she "was glad because- he would take her to her people ; her people had gone away with white men in a ship. Brown understood by her signs that at the time of the desertion of the island she had a nureing baby, whioh she represented by sacking her fiuger, and placing her arm in position of holding an infant at the breaet; she waved her hand over the sea, to indicate that the ship sailed away, oalling back «• Manana" (to-morrow); then she oould not find her child, and wept until Bhe was very ill, and lay prostrate for days, in a bed of plants resembling cabbage, and called by Californians "Sola Santa." She had nothing to eat but the leaves. When she revived somewhat, she crawled to a spring, and after a time, as her strength returned, she made fire by rapidly rubbing a pointed stink along the groove of a flat stick until & spark was struck. It was a difficult task, and she was careful not to let her fire go out; she took brands with her on her trips, and covered the home fire with ashes to preserve it. • f h w h S G t r c in N h F a N c f in t s a S it i b a r w d t t w a l i A m i She lived during her captivity ou fish, seals' blubber, roots and shell-fish; and the birds, wkoie skluB she secured for clothing, were Eea-bivds, which eh9 caught at night off their roosts in the seam6 of tho crags. The but-h iuclosures sho made for a screen from the windB, and as a protection while asleep from wild animals. She mads frequent excursions over tbe island from her main dwelling, which was a large cave on the north end of San Nicolas. She kept dried meat at each camping-station; the food in the crevices by the springs was for the time when, from sickness or old age, she would only be able to crawl to the water and live on what she had there stored out of reach of the dogs. That the woman had faith in a supreme power was evinced soon after the schooner set sail from the fishing-groundgs. A gale overtook them, and the passenger made signs that she would stop the wind. With her face turned in the direction from whioh the storm came, Bhe muttered words of prayer until the wind had abated, then turned with a beaming countenanoe and motioned that her petition had beert answered. They anchored. under the lee of Santa Crnz, where the woman waB highly interested in seeing another island than hdr own. When they approaohed the shores of Santa Barbara, an ox-team passed along the beaoh. The stranger was completely bewildered. Captain Nidiver's son, who had been on the look-out for his father's sail, rode down to the landing on a handsome little broncho. The islander, who had jast stepped ashore, was wild with delight. She tonohed the horse and examined the lad, talking rapidly, and, if the sailors turned away, oalling to them tu oome took and look. Then she tried to c o u l epresent the novel wigut by vu^tin^two iugere of her right hand over th? thumb of er left, moving them to imitate tiio horte alking. Captain Nidivar conducted the woman to ia home, and put her in charge of hid panish wife. The news spreading, Father oozales, of Santa Barbara Mission, came o see her; many persons gathered from the anches round about, and the house was rowded constantly.' The brig Fremont came to port soon after, and the captain offered id sver the half of what he would make, if e would allow her to be exhibited in San rancisco. This offer was refused, and also t other from a Captain Trussil. Mrs. idiver would not hear of the friendless reature being made a show for the curiops The bereft mother evinced the greatest ondness for Mrs. Nidiver's children, caressg and playing with them by the hour, and eiilng tha lady, by signB, that wheu she wam back lo the shore her b&by; was gone, nd she believed tho dogs had eaten u. he went over, again aod again, her grief at s iciss; her frantic search for it, even after t had bsen gone a long time ; h6r dread of ci.og sloae ; her hope, for years, of reseua, nd at last; the despair that in time bscp.mQesignation. The visitors sometimes gave her presents, hich she put aside until the donors had eparted, seeming to know by intuition hat they would be offended if sh<2 refused o accept them j but as soon as the guests ere gone she called tbe little children? nd distributed her gifts among them, aughinar if they were pleased, and happy n their joy. A few days after her arrival, Father Jimeno ?ent for Indians from the of San Fernando and Santa Yuez, hope of finding some one who could converse with the islander. At that time then- were Indians living ?n Los Angelos county, belonging to the Pepinnros, who, it was said, bad in former years communication with the San Nicolas Indians, But" neither these, nor those from San Buena Ventura, op Santa Barbara, could understand her, or make themselves understood. In less than two decades after the little band had left San Niolas, their whereabouts could not be discovered. They were a mere drop in thy stream of eerfs known by the general name of Mission Indians. Beyond a few words, nothing was ever known of her toague. A hide she called to-co (to-kay); a niiu, nache (nah- chey) ; the sky, fe-gua (tay-gwah) ; the body, pinche (pin-oo-chey). She learned a few Spanish words : pan (bread), papas (potatoes), caballo (horse). Sometimes she called Captain Nidiver, in Spanish, tata (father), sometimes nana (uaoiher.) The 'gentleness, modesty and tact of the untutored wild woman of the Pacific were so foreign to ideas of the savage nature, that some parties believed that she was not an Indian, but a person of distinction cast away by Bhipwreck, and adopted by the ielande^a before their removal from their home- Others were certain, from her evident refinement, that Bhe had not been long alone, bat had drifted to San Nicolas after the Indian woman perished in the ^ surf, aud had by mistake been taken for the original savage. The old sailors who rescued her affirm that she was au Indian, the same who. jumped from the schooner to save her child. The representative of a lout tribe, she stands out from tha Indians ot the coaat, tho possessor of noble and disticcMvo iraits; proviient, cleanly, tasteful, amisb!?, iroicaiive, considerate, and with a maternal devotion which has never surpassed. She was greatly disappointed whan none her kindred were found. She drooped civilization; sho biased tho out-door of her island oamp. After>1 few weeks she beoame too weak to walk; she-Tvas carried on to the porch every day in a ch^ir. Sho dnzad in the sunshine, whila tbe children played around her. She was patient and cheerful, looking eagerly into every new face for recognition, and sometimes singing softly to herself. Mrs. Nidiver hoped a return to her old diet would help her. She procured seal's meat, and roasted it in ashes. When the sick woman saw it, she patted her nurse's bands affectionately, but could not eat the food. She fell from her chair one morning, iand remained insensible far hours. Seeing the approach of death, Mrs. Nidiver sent for a priest to baptise her protdgd. At first he refused, not knowing but that she had been baptieed previously, although the burden of proof was against it. At length, heeding the kind Catholic lady's distress, he consented to administer the rite, conditionally. As she was breathing her last, tbe sign of the . cross was pressed on her cold brow, and the unknown and nameless creature was christened by Father Sanchez, in the beautiful Spanish, "Juana Marie." In a walled cemetery, from whose portals gleam ghastly skull and cross-bones, close to the Santa Barbara Mission, under the shelter of the tower, is the neglected giave of a devoted mother, the heroine of San Nicolas. The ebandonmeut of San Nicolas occarred forty-six years ago. The survivor cf eighteen years' solitary capiivity arrived in S^nta Barbara the Slh of September, 185B. Captain Nidiver's house, where the stranger died, Btands in sight of the ocean, and can bs pointed out by aoy school-boy in the town. Nidiver and his wife are living, and their pon George follows the sea, as his father did before him. Carl Detman, or Charlie Brown, as he is called by old sailors, may bs found any day wbere the retired boatmen congregate. Thomas Jeffries walks the streets in blouse, wide hat, and flowing grey hair. Dr. Blinkerhoff, who attended the woman of San Nicolas, is a well-known physician of the city. Father Gonzales died a few years ago, after a continuous residence of more than a quarter of a century in the mission. For & long time he was partially paralysed, and was -carried about in a chair. I remember him as a little, d? that blazed unnaturally from sunken sockets, his appearance rendered more startling by a white turban bonad around his head. He is buried under the floor of the old chape). The .rambling mansion on State-'streot, known as the Park Hotel, may have sheltered tourists who read this account. It was the first brick bouse built in Santa Barbara, and was the private residence of Isaaa Spark?, the lessee of the sail-boat from which, in 1885, the woman jumped overboard. " Burton's Mound," a picturesque knoll, threaded by rows of olive trees, belongs to Lewis L. Burton, another lessee of the P$or es Nada. A lady in Sao Francisco had some of the islander's needles. Nidiver and Brown retain her carious water-tight baskets. The mission fatherB sent her feather robes to Rome. They were made of the satiny plumage of the green cormorant, the feathers pointing downward, a?d so ekilfaily matched as to seem one continuous sheen of changeful luster. The record of baptism is in the church register. Her grave will be pointed out to anyone by the Franciscan brothers on the hill.—Scribmr's Magazine. " H6w are you coming oa with seabathing ?" aBked a gentleman of an invalid. "Splendid! I bathe three times a day." '« How do you like it f" " The doctor says I must take a toddy after each bath to restore, the circulation ; that's how I like it." 