innur stati0m z!ircff rooms raffiHtlTi m E, JUL IERJII Made in vein — goia. An artist's work is easel-ly done. A clear case — an empty dry-goods box. Nasty Work. — Stirring up Greece. Cheap Drapery.— The curtains of the night. When is a mother a father ? When she's a sigher. A man sticks at nothing when he tries to stab a ghost. Chairs should not be covered with silk, but with sat-in. When is a wife like a great coat ? — When her hus band is wrapped up in her. The dog that will follow everybody ain't worth a cuss. Ladies who use an excess of perfume must think men like seals — most assailable at the nose. Why is a newly-born baby like a gale of wind ? — Because it begins with a squall. The early bird picks up the worm; but the worm soon picks up the late bird. An advertisement in a provincial paper begins thus ' " To let for ever, or longer, if required." In an Irish bookseller's catalogue I read : — " Memoirs of Charles i., with a head capitally executed." " Governor." — It's hard work to keep your sons in check while they're young ; it's harder still to keep them in " cheques" when they grow older. The man who undertook to blast his neighbours prospects, used too short a fuse, and got blown up himself. " Tom, what are you leaning over that empty cask for ?" — " I'm mourning over departed spirits," was the reply. A correspondent wants to know whether, considering the great utility of the ocean, poets are not wrong to call it " a waste ot water r A clergyman who found it impossible to provide for himself and family out of his very slender income, wrote ' to a friend, " I must give up my living to save my life." "You exhibit a great deal of vanity, madam, in . always telling what others think of you." " It would certainly be no vanity in you, sir, to tell what the world thinks of you." John asked Julia, if she would have him. " No," said she, " I will not have you," but before John could re cover from the shock, she archly put in, " but you may have me." "What does a man think of when he thinks of no thing?" said a young lady to a gentleman with whom she had broken an engagement. " He thinks miss, of a woman's promise." Fitz-Byron asked a friend what he thought of his " Ode to Sleep." — "You have done justice to the sub ject," replied the latter. " It is impossible to read it without acknowledging its weight." Dr. Hall says that in England people are divided into churchmen and dissenters, but that in America they might properly be divided into churchmen and ab- senters. An old gentleman who is getting " thin at the top " says : " Always pick out a baldheaded barber to shave you, because he can't consistently ask you' to buy any hair restorative." Mooney. — Priest. Good evening, Patsy : it's a fine moonlight night: Patsy: "-It is your Holiness, but it is not to- night we want the moon out — it's dark nights we want it, I A pious but uneducated judge closed a sentence with the following touching reproach : " Prisoner at the bar, nature has endowed you with a good education and respectable family connections, instead of which you go prowling around the country stealing ducks." An apprentice sailor boy fell from the " round top" to the deck, stunned, but little hurt. The captain ex claimed, in surprise, " Why, where did you come from ?" " From the North of Ireland, yer honor," was the prompt reply, as the poor fellow gathered himself up. "Paddy," said an employer to his labourer, at Stepney, " you are to begin work at five in the morning, and leave at seven in the afternoon." — " Sure, sir," said Paddy, "wouldn't it be better to begin at sivin in the morning, and lave at five in the afternoon ?" Two neighbours had quarrelled and would no longer speak to each other ; but one having been recently con verted at a camp meeting, on seeing his enemy, held out his hand, saying ; " How d'ye do, Kemp ? I am humble enough to shake hands with a dog." Cold Piety. — At a methodist prayer meeting in the North " a luke-warm brother " was called upon to pray. After he had said, " Amen ! " Bill gave John a punch in the short ribs, exclaiming, " John, let's go home. One more such prayer as that would freeze Lake Torrens over. A widow, being cautioned by her minister about flirting, said that she knew it was wrong for maidens and wives to flirt, but the Bible was her authority. It said, " Widow's mite." She was flirting awfully at the last accounts ; her pastor acknowledged that "widow's might." A gentleman at Kent Town, whose house was re pairing, went pne day to see how the job was getting on, and observing a quantity of nails lying about ; said to the carpenter : " Why don't you take care of these nails ? — they'll certaiqjpjbe lost." " No," replied the carpenter, " you'llJmdTnem in the bill." As a girl was taking leave of a gentleman at her father's house one evening recently, she said to him : " If you ever hear that I am in the habit of allowing my male acquaintances to kiss me good-bye you mustn't believe it, as I seldom allow such liberties." The close of that interview may be imagined. A tall fellow persisted in standing during the per formances at one of the theatres, much to the annoyance of the. audience, and was repeatedly called upon to sit down, but would not. " Let him alone," said a wit, who was in the pit ; " he's a tailor, and resting himself /" He immediately slunk down. " The candles you sold me last week were very bad," said Brown to a.tallow-chandler. " Indeed, sir," said he ; "I am sorry for that." — " They burnt to the middle," said the wag, " and then they wouldn't burn any longer." — "What, sir! did they go out?" — "No — they burnt shorter." At the examination of a school at Kapunda, a rever end gentleman was asking a class the meaning of words, and they answered well till he gave " back-biter." Thi3 seemed a puzzler. It went down the clsss, till it came to a simple little urchin, who looked sheepishly- knowing at the questioner, and said, " P'raps it be a flea." "John, what odor is that?" "Cloves, love." "But that other ?" " Allspice, my beloved." " But isn't there another ?" "Yes, apples, belovedest."j |" Just one more ?" " Raisins, my most, belovedest." " Well, John, if you'd only drink just a little brandy, now, I think you would make a good mince pie." The lawyer in Adelaide, who filed a bill, shaved a note, cut an acquaintance, split a hair, made an entry, got up a case, framed an indictment, empannelled a jury, put them into a box, nailed a witness, hammered a judge, and bored a whole court, all in one day, has since given up law and turned carpenter. With whiskers thick upon my face I went my fair to see; She told me she could never love a &ea;?'-faced chap like me. I shaved them clean, then call'd again, and thought my troubles o'er ; She laugh'd outright, and said I was, mor? Sarefaced than before. An exchange says, " If you don't stop using tobacco, the first thing you know you will have the amaurosis, angina pectoris, hypochondriasis, and locomotorataxy." With such an array of ills, it is no wonder the popular superstition that " the devil sowed the seed" obtains followers. A "drummer" for a New York house called on a merchant, and handed him a picture of his betrothed instead of his business card, saying that he represented that establishment. The merchant examined it care fully, remarked that it was a fine establishment, and returned it to the astonished man, with a hope that he would soon be admitted into partnership. One morning a five- year-old boy in Adelaide, while in bed, asked his mother if God could stand on the air. The mother replied that he could, and while reflecting upon the maturity of the boy, and that the thoughts of God and Heaven were absorbing his mind, her feelings can be better imagined than described when her son remarked that God could do more than a circus man. A lawyer in Adelaide went into the shop of an out fitter, who was in partnership with his brother-in- law, and enquired for some waistcoats, Several were placed on the counter. The lawyer pleasantly observed he should like to take one of them, if they would " take it out in law." — " You may take it, if you please," replied the tailor, " and pay my brother-in-law." A Turkish proverb says he who tells the truth will be driven from nine cities. An Affecting Poem. — The following poem, the genuine effusion of a person in affliction, has lately been found in manuscript : — Poor Jonathan Snow Away did goe All on the ragen main, With other males All for to ketch wales, & nere cum back agen. The winds bloo hi, The billers tost All hands were lost, And he was one, 1A spritely lad Nigh si. . Said an old lady : " I sells peppermints on Sunday, because they carries 'em to church, and eats 'em and keeps awake to hear the sermon ; but if you want comfits, you must come on week-days. Them's secular commodities." One More Saved ! — When a young lady tripped into a music-shop the other day and asked the bashful shopman for "Two kisses," he seized his hat and rushed out of the back door. Never having heard of the piece of music, he thought he was to be made the victim of a leap-year proposal, and his salary was not large enough to support two. A physician of celebrity, during the early portion of this century, was lamenting to the Abbe Sykes the death of Dr. Backer. " It was, not, at all events, for want of medical aid he died." said he, " for in the last days of his illness, we — Kalle, Portal, and myself — did not quit him for a single instant." — " Alas ! " interrupted the witty Abbe, " what could he do against three of you?" A Down-east paper advertises as follows: — "Wanted, at this office, an able-bodied, hard-featured, bad- tempered, not to be put off and to be backed down, freckled-face young man, to collect for this paper ; must furnish his own horse, saddle-bags, pistols, whisky, bowie-knife, and cowhide. We will furnish the accounts. To such we promise constant and laborious employment." A Country minister of "limited capacity" recently married for a second wife, a widow of some property. Being an ardent servant of mammon, a former neigh bour asked him if he did not do well by the second marriage. " Oh yes, indeed," he said with animation ; and then as an expression ot reverend awe stole into his face, he added " and what is very remarkable the clothes of my wife's first husband just fit me." Wanted to Know. — Can anxiety about the butcher's book be called a "joint concern?" Can the " song of love" of the period be properly said to be Cupid-ditty ? Can the tune of the smoker be called — Spittoon ? Can the auctioneers be described as (h)amorous men ? Can bachelors be said to be exceptions from the general rule ? It was a bold rash census man Approached a lady true ; " How many kids ?" said he, and she Said, " what is that to you ?" " It is my business," and she screamed, " Come here a minute Dan !" And a burly person came and put A head on the census man. When the candidates for admission to the Bar at Ploughkeepsie, New York, were called to swear to support the constitution of the United States and the constitution of the State of New York, one of the young men hesitated, but finally plucked up courage and took the requisite oaths, remarking to the clerk — " Well I suppose I'll have to swear, but the Lord knows I expect to have all I can do to support myself let alone the con stitution." An Irish girl was ordered to hang the wash clothes on the horse in the kitchen to dry. Her mistress shortly after found a family horse standing in the kitchen com pletely covered with articles that had been washed that day. Upon interrogating the girl, the reply was, ' Och, to be sure, ye told me to hang the clothes upon the horse in the kitchen, and the baste is the kindest I ever saw, . sure.' Such thorough obedience to orders, so far as understood, is not characteristic of girls of other nation alities, and is a good trait. Fellow Feeling. — A gentleman with an impediment in his speech took dinner at a tavern and calling to a waiter, addressed him thus: " We-w- waiter, gi-give m-rae s-s-some r-roast b-b-beef." The waiter stammered out in reply : " We-wee a-a-ain't g-g-got any." At which the gentleman, highly enraged, supposing the servant to be mocking him, sprang from his seat, and was proceeding to knock him down, when a third person : arrested his arm, and cried to him not to strike, saying : " He s-s-stutters s-s-same as w-we d-d- do." Cheyenne men will bet on anything. Two of them put up five dollars apiece on a wager that one could hold a wasp in his hand longer than the other could, and the fellow who rubbed chloroform on his hand expected to win, but the other fellow happened to know that male wasps don't sting and "got one ot that sex, and they grabbed their wasps and sat and smiled at each other while the crowd wondered, until the chloroform had evaporated, and the fellow who used it suddenly let go his wasp and let the audience into the secret of how to swear the shingles all off the roof. " Sally," said a green youth in a venerable white hat and gray pants, through which his legs projected half-a foot, " Sally, before we go ino this 'ere museum to see the enchanted horse, I want to ask you somethin'." — " Well, Ichabod, what is it ?" — " Why, you see this 'ere business is gwine to cost a hull quarter of a dollar a-piece, and I cant afford to spend so much for nothin'. Now, ef you'll say you'll have me, darn'd el I don't pay the hull on't myself — I will!" Sally made a non-com mittal reply, which Ichabod interpreted to suit himself, and he strode up two steps at a time, and paid the whole on't. Fighting on Equal terms— Judge T., a celebrated duellist, who had lost his leg, and who was known to be a dead shot, challenged Colonel D., a gentleman of great humour. The friends tried to prevent the meeting, but to no effect. The parties met on the ground, when Colonel D. was asked it he was ready. " No," he replied. — " What are you waiting for, then ?" enquired Judge T.'s second. " Why, sir," said Colonel D., '5 1 have sent my boy into the woods to hunt a bee gum to put my leg in, for I don't intend to give the judge any advantage over me. You see he has a wooden leg." The whole party roared with laughter, and the thing was so ridiculous that it broke up the fight. Colonel D. was afterwards tuld that it would sink his reputation. " Well," he, replied, " it can't sink me lower than a bullet can." — " But," urged his friends, " the papers will be filled about you." — " Well," said he, " I would rather fill fifty papers than one coffin." No one ever troubled the Colonel after that. The Duke of Nemours once sent his Stewart to call upon an artist on whom he wished to confer a snuff-box as a mark of his approbation, to ascertain if such a present would be acceptable. The offer was received with enthusiasm. " Where shall I Send it ?" inquired the envoy. " Oh, if you would be kind enough," replied the grateful artist, " to pawn it on the way, you can let me have the money." 