THE DESTRUCTION OF THE OPERA-HOUSE AT NICE. [From the Some JVcws.] It appears that a very large proportion of the loss of life in connection with the above calamity is attributable to the serious error in constructing the theatre of having omitted to provide sufficient facilities for the egress of a large audience. Those who were in the stalls and in two or three lower tiers of the boxes were able to escape, bat the more numerous crowd who had occupied the upper tiers and the galleries were hopelessly jammed on the stairs and in the doorways, where the darkness increased their alarm. On the stairs leading from tbe galleries some persons fell down, and were themselves fallen over by others ere long, so that those who were trying to make their way down it in total darkness found it barred by a human wall, while soon the smoke reaching tbe place added the dangers of immediate suffocation to those already apparent. Some few jumped out of window to meet death ia their fall, and two or three of hers were seriously hurt by jumping over into the hall below. When the firemen, the sailers of the squadron in harbour, and tbe soldiers arrived they had to take tho lamps from carriages outside in order to see their way up the staircase through the smoke. On the upper landings they found complete barriers of human bodies, from which it was only with the greatest difficulty that a few were extricated. Most of them were dead, either from the pressure of the crowd or suffocation from the smoke. A very few were restored to life after much care and exertion. Outside a vast crowd watched the progress of the fire, the fisines rising to a great height, while pieces of blazing wood and red-hot charcoal were carried across the housetops, some falling even into the harbour. The soldiers risked their lives freely in their endeavours to save those of others, and at length General Carrey de Bellemare, who assumed the command, found it neceesary to forbid further risks of their own safety in efforts, which had by this time become futile. There is every reason to believe that some of the soldiers and sailors, as well as two firemen, have lost their lives. The state of the building after the fire had been put out showed how appalling was the catastrophe. The stairs leading to the galleries were covered with a confused litter of hats, coats, clothing of every kind, boots, gloves, opera-glasses, &c.; The walls were covered all along their length with great blotches of blood, which are to be found even near the bottom of the stairs. Many of these traces may have been from the hands of these engaged in carrying out some of the_sufferers. The stage and saloon have been entirely destroyed, and tbe fittings of the theatre, boxes, sc., have all become a mass of cinders and ashes. The City of Nice is in mourning, and the Mayor has issued a proclamation setting forth that any public rejoicing for any event is impossible in the face of this calamity, and the/e<es which were to have taken place cannot be given. The c03tcf these fetes will now be devoted to the alleviation of the miseries caused by the catastrophe. Amongst the victims by the tire four English names appear. They are as follows:—Eliza Kennedy, eighteen years of age; Catherine Kennedy, twenty-two years of age; their brother, and Mrs. Magnay. They were all natives of Edinburgh, and were studying at Nice, under Signor Lamperti, and were in the theatre at the time of the explosion. They were all of great promise as singers. A feeling of much regret has been expressed in Edinburgh at the calanity which has thus befallen Mr. Kennedy, the Scotch vocalist, the father of the above named, in tbe loss he has suffered. These young people left Edinburgh about three weeks ago for the purpose of pursuing their studies under Signor Lamperti. The son, Mr. James Kennedy, who was tweaty - five years of age, had for a long time assisted his father, and was possessed of considerable musical talent, while the two daughters only recently appeared in public, »ud they also gave promise of a successful career. Mr. Robert Kennedy, another member of the family, who happened to be at Milan at the time of the disaster, went to Nice and recognised the body of his brother and sisters. In a telegram to bis father he stated they were recognisable beyond the possibility of doubt. About 1C0 bodies are still supposed to be lying in tho ruins, which are now being cleared away. According to tteae who escaped, no words can describe tbe boiror of the scene which ensued in the dark lobbies while the flames were licking tbe prosecDiam and tbe heavy smoke from the burning scenery was gradually'stifling those who were trying in vain to force their way onwards through doors blocked up with the bodies of these who bad fallen down fainting to be trampled undsr foot. Colonel Fisher, who commanded the 111th Regiment, stationed at Nice, was in the theatre with his wife and daughter. Providentially all three managed to make their escape, but the colonel's sword, left in the box, bas since been found in a half-molten state. Madame Bianca Donadio, the prima donna in whose honour "Lucia di Lammermoor" waB being sung, had just left the stage when the explosion took place. She did not know her way about the theatre, but surprised in the dark by the first rush 'of affrighted chorus singers, she was literally carried out into the street before she knew where she was. Others of her colleagues were not so fortunate, for a number of them are still missing, though it may fairly be conjectured that the majority have been taken into th6 houses of people in_ the neighbourhood, where their harts are being attended to, and where they are recovering from the hurts they have received. The basso Cottcni's body has been identified, and fears are entertained that the tenor has shared the same fate. Signor Cottoni was a young and promising singer. It was not the first time he bad been under fire, for he was very nesrly burned to death at the conflagration at the Theatre des Arts at Rouen. He was to have taken tbe part of the Ghost in" Hamlet"on that oocasion, and he was compelled in bis full suit of armour to jump from a second-floor window into the street. He was caught on some mattresses, but he was so much hurt and shaken that very slight hopes were entertained of his recovery. He did get well, but fate appears to have marked him out as the victim of the devouring element, for, after escaping at Rouen, he has now been burnt to death at Nice. 