OUR SPECIAL CORRESPON- DENCE. Melbourne, Saturday, Augast 20. The Ministry, said the Commissioner of Customs at a meeting the other day, "will endeavour to do their best and hope to succeed." We have had many Ministries but not one that did not promise the same thing, the only difference being that " Codlin" ia the friend on one occasion and " Short" on the other. However, the new men have got a good chance, for,, not only are the Press—barring the ultra- Liberals—veering round in their favour, but the colony generally is so heartily sick of Eerryism and its results that people are glad to get any change. Besides, most of the men are new, and it is universally acknowledged that there has been too much of the " old men" lately; that it has been a sort of little family arrangement with a certain set on each side, but that now the "ring" is broken we shall at any rate have some variety. The new appointments to the Lands and Mines are still received with commendation, and both Ministers will probably have a walkover. We want a Treasurer badly, however, for Sir Bryan, whatever else he may be, is certainly not a financier, and there is considerable need for a good one at this juncture. But' just as certainly as Sir Bryan is not a financier, just as certainly is he not a fooL It was in his power to have taken the seat on the Bench vacant by the death of Mr. Justice Stephen, and so secured himself .£'2,500 per annum for life. To his credit be it said, he did not do so. He knew well that a first-class Equity barrister was required for the position, and he also recognised the importance of keeping the Bench up to its high standard. So he selected Mr. Holroyd, and has risen considerably in public opinion by doing so. It is more than ever certain now that the new Ministry will see the sitting Parliament out. The other new Judge, Mr. Justice "Williams, has made a slight judicial /auy pas in the way of inconsistent sentences in the Criminal Court. Common law barristers always do blunder in this direction — witness the late Judge Fellows. While sentencing the ma Colley, found guilty of unlawfully wounding the girl Lewis, Mr. Justice Williams expressed his opinion that offences against the person should always be punished more severely than those against property, and yet he gave Colley two years' imprisonment and the Ferret stealers eight. Paradoxical, to say the least of it. It would be better to send the young Judges round on an experimental tour with an " oldster," than to have a repetition of such mistakes as these. It succeeds wonderfully well with a horse, and Judges are none the worse for a little breaking in. No doubt Mr. Williams will improve in this direction, b»fc it is hard on offenders in the interval. Death has been very busy amongst us of late. Marcus Clarke, Pirani, and Justice Stephens in one fortnight. Three of our leading men in different professions; the one at an early age, the other only just married, and the third, though advanced in years, in the full possession of all his faculties. The collection in aid of the widow and children of poor Marcus is assuming a decidedly encouraging shape, and it is now generally recognised that it is almost a public duty to assist those he has left behind bim. It is intended also to publish a memorial volume of his works, to be edited by G. A. Walstab, Garner Walsh, and R. P. Whitworth, three wellknown writers of fiction ; the proceeds to be devoted, of course, to his family. A recently returned visitor to your city speaks highly of the mode in which your streets are what he calls " tree shaded." It is a pity we are not as well off here, for there is no city where such shadow is more required. Of course one doesn't think so much about it in this weather, but "wait till the summer' comes" says this visitor, " and you'll envy the people in Adelaide." Kowalski's concerts at the Exhibition are a decided success. Even the " envy, hatred, and all uncharitableness" of the rival musicians cannot bring about a failure. It is strange that the professors of the Joyense Science, as it has been called of old, cannot live in harmony, but they certainly cannot. Like Dr. Watts' dogs, they delight to bark and bite, and if one man Btrikes out a new idea they all turn oh him. Kowalski, for example, has an excellent idea of a combined artistic and musical club, with frequent conversaziones, &c.; ; but the Melbourne muEicos won't think of it. It did not suggest itself to Messrs. Moule and Plumpton, and so, according to them, it cannot be good. Kowalski is to them a stranger from Nazareth, and so "no good can come out of him," Apropos of Kowalski, I have had another opportunity of hearing some portions of the opera bouffe composed by him to a libretto by Marcus Clarke. The libretto is very clever and original, while the music is both charming and sympathetic. When produced it is sure to be a success. A brilliant success, too, was the matinee at the Theatre Royal in aid of the Clarke Fund. The theatre was crowded, and the professionals did their best, from the veteran Hopkins down to the comparative debutante, Alice Rees. There is certainly this good feature in the theatrical character—they may squabble with each other when alone, but they are always ready to help in distress or sorrow. The drama of " The World" is having a great run here. No one that I can meet clearly understands the whole plot as a plot, and it is more generally regained as a series of effective tableaux than a regular drama. But the tableaux are so effective, and the scenery and acting are so good, that one ceases to wonder at the popular enthusiasm. A very dark contrast. indeed, is the bushranging drama at the Prince's, where admiring; larrikins yell with ardour as the heroic Ned Kelly first performs his murders, and then meanders on through some miserable winnings, supposed to be expressions of remorse. But it fills the T-easury, and the "Ghost walks" with regularity, which is the principal object of all theatrical speculations. The rage of football here just now is something almost ludicrous. It is well nigh impossible to get anv conversation out of any young man under five-andsubiec 1 -. .It is dinned into one's ears in the trains, at meals, after meals, and I believe if it were allowed a special prayer for good football weather would be "put up" in the Churches. I like the game immensely, but this constant talk about it is wearisome, especially since the girls have taken to it as welL There is no relief, even in female society. Turning to more serious subjects, much regret is felt here at the departure of the Rev. Charles Strong, while many are blaming the Presbytery for the way in which he has been treated by that body. With all due deference, to these censors, it is difficult to see what else the Presbytery could do. At the last annual meeting, while stating his intention of leaving, Mr. Strong said fearlessly and honestly that his views were too broad for the Church authorities, while Mr. G. C. Stewart, a layman of the congregation, went still farther and declared even more boldly that it was absurd to expect men now to believe what their forefathers declared to be truth in 1643. Now, how a clergyman and elder of any Church can express such views as these and still remain in that Church it is not easy to realise. It has always appeared to me that the " Confession of Faith" was to the divines of the Church _ of Scotland what the "Queen's Kegulations" are to a soldier, and that an ordained minister of that Church is as much bound to stick to them as a soldier is to his colours. Anyhow, there is no doubt that it would have been decidedly uncomfortable for Messrs. Strong and Stewart had they expressed these views in 3643, and there is also no doubt that the most honest thing for them to do would be to secede and start a Church of their own. Besides, if Churchmen are to doubt the truth of doctrines laid down in 1643, where are doubts to cease ? 