SATURDAY, JULY 30, 1581. The Royal Commission on defences ia New South Wales adopted an excellent mode of procedure. The commission was composed partly of civilian and partly of military members, and on proceeding to business the military members were formed into a committee, which took cvidonco and prepared a report for the information of the com- mission as a whole. The committee consisted of the following gentlemen : Colonel Scratchley, C.M.G., Royal Engineers, the Imperial officer at present on duty in the colonies ; Colonel Anderson, C.M.G., commanding Local Forces, Victoria ; Colonel Downes, U.A., commanding Local Forces, South Aus- tralia . Colonel Richardson, command- ing Local Forces, New South Wales ; and Colonel Roberts, commanding Artillery Forces, New S outli Wales. These gentle- men knew what they were talking about. They have an intimate knowledge of what is wanted and of what can ba supplied. They may be regarded as the most efficient body over brought to- gether to deal with the subject of defences, and, as they did their work thoroughly, their report is a manual, or text-book, from which all the colonica may take lessons. The recommenda- tions made are of a practical character, such as could be given effect to, and it seems a subject for regret that the Com- mission, led away by the martial ardour of Sir James Martin, its civilian chairman, should in many instances hare added to tho scheme, and have proposed more soldiering than is suggested by the soldiers. This, however, is a matter for our neighbours to settle. Our imme diatc task is to point out where the advice of the committee touches our- selves. We have alluded already to the re- commendation made by the committee that an Imperial officer should be ob- tained to act as military adviser and inspector for the local forces in Aus- tralia, the appointment to be held for a term of three or four years. In time of peace this officer would be an nspector-in time of war he would as- sume general command of the federal forces. There is a consensus of opinion in favour of this suggestion. The ap- pointment of a capable commander- in-chief would of itself add largely to the value of our local forces. IThe expense would be trifling, and if the Government of New South Wales takes action in the matter, no doubt a joint proposal to the Imperial Government could be made at once. A favourable response may be assumed, for the Imperial Government is never back- ward in assisting colonies disposed to help themselves ; and in this way we should secure the presence at the head of our local forces of ah officer in the prime of life, and with a knowledge brought up to date of the requirements of modern warfare. Colonel Anderson's proposal that a commencement should be made next Easter of a joint encamp- ment for such of the local forces of all the colonies as can attend, has been equally well received, and we may hope that it also will be carried into effect. Were only these two recommendation adopted, tho appointment of the Military Committee would be justified ; we should have to congratulate its members upon the result of their labours ; but much more lies behind. In particular the legislators of Victoria should read and read again the remarks made with reference to the maintenance of a per- manent artillery corps. The Military Committee is unanimous in stating that without such a body the defences of a colony are well nigh worthless, and the Commission at large endorses this dic- tum. The modern artilleryman, it is correctly stated, is a skilled artisan of a high character. It is impossible to call him suddenly into existence. Colonel Scratchley, in his evidence, says : "Ab I have already stated, neither a paid nor un unpaid volunleor force can tuko tbo place of the permanent force. The military organisation of the colony muet be auch that, immediately on the outbreak of war, the batteries could be manned and placed in a thorough state to reaiat attack. The great danger will ha during tho firat few months of war, when the enemy would have made all hiB preparation before declaring war. He would make a sudden attack upon aome point in Auatralid, hoping to und it unpre- pared to resist him. The proposal to reduce the artillery force, in order to meet the re- quirements of economy, cannot bo defended upon military grounds. Again, it cannot be too often otated that the firat thing to be done ¡B to guard against attacka on the coast batterieB, for which purpose a force of bisliiy trained men-ever preaent and immediately available-ib required. If economy be inaiatod on, the expenditure on the field force should be reduced, because it ia only maintained to meet a problematical danger." The other military authorities are equally emphatic. All the colonies, it is to ba noted, ore working on the principles laid down by Sir William Jervois, whose plans aro based upon the use of heavy guns covering torpedo lines, and Sir Willum Jervois insisted that the guns and the torpedoes must be in the hands of experts. In New South Wales the tools and the men are provided, but in Victoria, simultaneously with the con Btruction of tho custly works at Swan Island, the channel fort, and Nepean, wo have dismissed our framed artillery- men No greater folly was ever perpe trated, and we can but hopo that tho question will bo reconsidered, that the artillery corps will be reconstituted, and that it will be protected by au act of Parliament, and will not bo allowed to remain dependent upon a chanco voto in committee of supply Again, the Military Committee are Btrongly of opinion that no infantry can be trained by night drills This is the Bystom which is m operation in Vie tona, and it is declared to be radically bad. Colonel Anderson says - "I regret to say that unless at Easter, or ?on 't_9 Queens Birthday, the Prince of Wales Birthday, and similar holidays, it is really impossible to aasemblo any large number of the force under my command m daylight, more particularly m the home dis> tnct In the country districts, where a Wed needay half holiday prevails to a great ex tenti and where there ia an absence of those omusemonts which naturally attract young men-such as football, cricket, ice -I do not find tbia difficulty , and if the commission will take the trouble to refer to the reports I have made to my Government from time to time, they will find I have pointed out in the clearest possible language the impossibility of imparting knowledge in essential held training, Bach as extended order, shelter trench woik, _e , to the Victorian force ' In the sister colonies this difficulty has been faced The volunteers are called upon to do a day's work, and they are paid for that work In South Australia the pnvates receive 2s Gd for a half day and 5s for a day's drill, and in New South Wales 5s for the half day and 10s for the day, but the latter rate, it is behoved, can be reduced. A dozen day drills m the year are required if the men are to be kept up to a reasonable standard of ?efficiency, Untd the payments were made it was found as impossible m New South Wales as it is here to obtam the attendance, but now the difficulty does not exist The Military Committee recommend the con tinuance of the system now m force on the sister colony-with a reduc .ion of expense-and if that system is right, then the Victorian practice is -wrong In his evidence before the O'shanassy commission of 1877, Colonel .Anderson spoke of tho importance of making day drills compulsory, and pay ing for them, The Sydney experiment .-though the principle has been pushed somewhat too far-establishes the cor redness of his views Recent and deplorable events give point to the evidence tendered by Colonel ScEATCHLEY with regard to the torpedo defences of Sydney - " There ia no plaie nor need for a naval torpedo corpa, all that is required is that a portion of the Naval Brigade should be in- structed m the use of the spar torpedo, and m the fitting of steam launches with the same , also ub to the beBt mode of protecting ship, against the attacks of aggressive tor- pedoes Hore than this should not be attempted In England, in the United StateB, and most foreigu countries, there ia a distinct line drawn between the two classes of tor- pedoes The War Office, in a letter dated 24th August, 1880 informed me that defensive submarine mines are in charge of the mili- tary, and offensive torpedoes in chargo of the navy ' The application of these remarks is obvious Mr Berry was wrong when be set aside the toipedo corps, and ap pointed a naval corps in its place, and Le w as wrong also when he disbanded the trained artilleiy force It is no exaggeration to say that never has more money been spent on our defences than during the last few years, and never Lave our defence arrangements drifted into a more deplorable condition. The whole subject requires to be calmly and resolutely grappled with according to the common sense principles laid down by the colonels commandant for the instruction of the New South Wales commission The interest felt here in all matters connected with the South Sea Islands bas its counterpart at home It will be remembered that, at the commencement of the year, public attention was called to the massacres and reprisals constantly going on in the Western Pacific, by re marks which fell from certain gentlemen at a meeting held m connexion with the London Missionary Society. Speaking generally, the statements then made were to the effect that the outrages com . nutted by the natives were merely tho natural results of the treatment they re ceivedfrom the "mean whites" trading, or rather slave-trading m that part of the world ^ittce then the subject has been taken up in England by the press, by the Aborigines Protection Society, and iii Parliament On the 19 th May Sir J Hay asked the Under Secretary of State for the Colonies whether he could state the number of British sub jects murdered m the Pacific since 1st January, 1880, and how many had been brought to justice . Mr Grant Durr replied as follows - "At least .0 British subjects, to say nothing of Chinese and others not British subjects, though sailing under the British flag, and \etj probably more, for 1 fear that even the long list of ships given by the right hon and gallant admiral ia not exhauative No. one of the murderers either was or could have been tried at Levuka or anywhere else hy any British authority, even if he could have been found The High Commiaaioner of the Western Pacific has merely juriBdic tion over British aubjects The only punish ment that could be inflicted in these sea3 on savages who are not British subjects ia by acts of war, and with hub of war the depart- ment which I have the honour to represent baa nothing direct! j to do 1 he repression of auch acts as tho.e lu which the question refers belongs to tlio Admiralty The subject again tamo up on Tuesday, 14th June, when the saine gentleman asked the Seuctuy to the Admiralty ^liat steps EIeii Mulsty's Government intended to adopt for the protection of British subjects enguged m lawful business m the Picihc, and for the punishment of those who have molested them Mr Trlvllyan said that the Solomon Islands, mid the neighbouring groups ühero these outrages had occurred, were outside all civilised authority Whui muiders took place there was no jua diction which could legally try the murderers The only method by which these outrages could bo checked oi _ mushed was by acts of war ilut.tcd agunst tho puty villages Tins penes of retaliation had been carried out clfcctively, though with discrimination ] titllLiiM uesty's trovernment would not bo content to allow mattera U ion m as they were ?the Colonial Ofhc. ai I the Admiralty W»o _n cominui ci. n, and it was ?hoped that, althone th question was one of almost insuperable difficulty, some satisfactory solution would bo found. In March, The Aborigines Protec- tion Society addressed a letter to the Admiralty with reference to the cruise of H.M.S. Emerald, which vessel was sent to inflict reprisals upon the natives of the Solomon Islands for the murder of Lieutenant Bower and other British subjects. As the observations therein were penned in tho absence of the commodore's report, it is not neces- sary to comment upon them. We con- tent ourselves therefore with quoting a single paragraph of the communication, for the purpose of showing what reforms in existing arrangements the Aborigines Protection Society considers desirable : " Ah British ships of war are now so fre- quently engaged in destroying native villages io punishment for outrages which there is reason to believe may have been provoked by I tbe misconduct of Europeans, we venture to submit to your lordship that, on grounds of expediency ob well as justice, naval officers Bhould not he permitted to act independently of the High Commissioner's Court, and that the true policy of the Government lies in making the machinery of that court as effec- tive as possible for the purposes for which it was established." It appears from the quotations we have made that the Imperial Govern- ment recognises the need for a compre- hensive jurisdiction of somo Bort in the Western Pacific, and that the society which bos especially charged itself with the duty of watching over the interests of native races is in favour of placing control over all proceedings in the hands of the High Commissioner. We leam through pri- vate channels that several conferences have taken place between the First Lord of the Admiralty and the Colonial Secretary, at which the subject has been.discussed. Amongst other project it has been proposed to establish the High Commissioner's Court at Sydney ; to give him legal jurisdiction over the Poly- nesian islanders, and to confer magisterial authority on naval officers visiting the islands. It is difficult to see how the Imperial Government could claim juris- diction throughout Polynesia without, ipso fado, establishing a quasi protec- torate involving responsibilities to other powers. It will be observed, moreover, that such an arrangement would not prove thoroughly effectual, for unless Her Majesty were to exercise terri- torial jurisdiction-in other words, to annex the islands to the Empire-she could not bring foreign (say European or American) offenders to book. Her authority would be in every case bound by a claim to alien citizenship. Taking all things into consideration, it appears to us that nothing sbort of an international com- mission, established at some central spot and wielding full powers, would meet . the requirements of the case. There is one other matter connected with South Sea affairs to which we desire to refer. It will be remem- bered that when the speakers at the Missionary Society's breakfast strongly denounced the wrongs inflicted on the natives by white Bcoundrels, we asked why particulars were not submitted to the proper authorities, instead of being reserved for platform purposes 1 From inquiries made in London, we have rea- son to believe that the executive officers of the Missionary Societies at home have made attempts from time to time to place information in their possession at the disposal of Her Majesty's Go- vernment. In some instances, wo are assured, they have not met with common courtesy, to say nothmgabout encourage- ment. We are told that on one occasion, when the Colonial Office was informed by letter that a gentleman who knew a good deal about recent outrages was in London and at the disposal of the department, not even so much as an answer was vouch- safed. No doubt this is very discourag- ing to men who wish to do their duty. We submit, however, that gentlemen engaged in missionary enterprise should not allow official discouragement to deter them from active opposition to wrongdoing. If the London, or any other, Missionary Society cannot obtain a hearing at the Admiralty, or in Downing- street, it should give orders to its agents abroad to persistently furnish full accounts of all the misdeeds which come under their notice to the naval authorities on their respective stations and to the Colonial Office, offering at the same time to assist to the utmost of their power in bringing the offenders to justice. They owe at least so much to their sacred calling, and they cannot rid themselves of the obligation without fulfilling it. The powers that be would sooner or later be compelled to pay attention to the representations made, and we ven- ture to think that services thus rendered to the cause of mercy and right would do more to establish the influence of the missionaries over the native mind, and to commend the Christian religion to the native heart, than a legion of ser- mons or a wilderness of prayers. The malting question, which is dis- turbing the farmers, and which occupied the time of Parliament for a night, divides itself into two separate and distinct issues. The first is, did Mr. A. T. Clark act legally and equitably when he gave permission to Messrs. Throssell and Tankard to malt in bond? and, secondly, is the policy of malting in bond for export right or wrong 1 As a matter of administration, Mr. Clark's action is incapable of defence, and no one in the Assombly ventured to defend it. On the 20th Juno, permission was givon by the ex Minister to the favoured firm to malt in bond. On the 25th June, a similar application on the part of Messrs. S. Burston and Co. was refused, on the ground that an Amending Customs Act would be necessary to sanction the practice. Messrs. Smith, Winn, and Ï'ieldino, who presEul their point with vigour, fared no better than did Messrs. S. Burston and Co., and yet Messrs. Throssell and Tankard are malting in bond unto this day. Such con- duct was justly described in the House as inexplicable, arid no theory can be suggested which will remove discredit from the administrators. " It " is perfectly legal to malt in bond for " exportation," declared Mr. A. T. Clark on Thursday. Then why were the applications ot Messrs. Burston and Co. and Messrs. Smith and Co. refused Í " An amendment of the Cus " toms Act is required to permit of " malting in bond," writes the col- lector with reference to the later appli- cations. If so, under what authority [ are Messrs. Throssell and Co. now malting 1 Some members accused Mr. A, T. Clark of defrauding tho re- venue, others attribute tho incident to blundering and incapacity on his part, and on that of tho officers whom he placed in charge of the department. There is no escape from this dilemma, and it is Mr. Clark's own fault if the public is not in a posi- tion to say whether it is the graver or lesser offence for which ho is responsiblo. The fact that the law was waived in favour of ono establishment, and was enforced at tho expense of other firms, is a serious scandal, and it is not creditable to an ex-Minister, undor whose auspices the scandal occurred, that he should run away from the House instead of offering the defence or ex- planation to which the country is entitled. The legal members of the 'Assombly declared with one voice that, strictly interpreted, the law as it stands does not permit barley to be converted into malt in bond. Grain may be operated upon in bond for other purposes, but, owing to a technicality, not for that. The question arises, should the Customs Act be amended, and malting in bond for export be duly legalised ?-and we submit that the policy in question should commend itself to all men who desire to give fair play to colonial industries The cry against it is founded on mere unreasoning prejudice, as the smallest consideration will suffice to show. New Zealand produces large quantities of barley, and the barley is grown in order to be made into malt. That this barley will be converted into malt somewhere, nobody denies, and the sole question is, shall it be operated upon here, or in Sydney or New Zealand 1 Our maltsters believe that owing to their possession of magnificent appliances, they can bring New Zealand barley over here, malt it, and sell it in the sister colonies, provided, of courso, they do not have to pay the duty which is levied to close the Victorian market to the outside producer. Thus they would extend their own operations, and consequently would create employment in the metropolis. And who, it may be asked, would be injured thereby t Not the farmer, certainly. His home market is not invaded, and he will have to com- pete abroad with the New Zealand barley, whether it is malted here or otherwise. If the refusal to allow New Zealand barley to be malted in bond here got rid of that barley for good and all-prevented its produc- tion-there would be force in the plea, but it would be ridiculous to put forward such a contention. Tho Victorian farmers, if they send their barley abroad, will have to compete against the New Zealand barley, wherever the latter maybe malted, and they only curtail their own local market by suppressing the malting here, for they prevent men earning money, some portion of which would be spent in colonial ale brewed from Victorian malt which is manufactured from local barley. Already the principle of working in bond for export is on our statute book. Now Zealand oats can be converted into oatmeal for export . why is barley to be tabooed > If our legislators will think of the material interests of the colony, and not of the popularity of a cry, they will assuredly arrive at the con- clusion that their proper course is to legalise the permission given to Messrs. Throssell and Tankard, so that all maltsters may bo placed upon the same footmg, and may be free to establish a profitable intercolonial trade. We would warn the farmers who oppose this course that they are scared by a bogie. They are being made the tools of men who tax them at every turn, and palm off upon them as compensa- tion some illusory benefit. In our issue of Wednesday, Mr. Marsh, the general Becretary of the Young Men's Christian Association, made on appeal to tho charitable on behalf of those who have applied for assistance to the institu- tion with which ho is connected. Ho tells us that up to the_present time ho and his associates have tried to meet applica- tions for relief out of tho " balance left " over from last winter, but the cases " have come in so fast that our funds " and atock of clothes aro almost ex " hauated." Under the circumstances, nothing remains but to look about for fresh supplies, We have not ' tho slightest hesitation in once moro advocating Mr. Marsh's cause. The help he wishes to give conforms to all tho conditions which, in our opinion, should attach to charitable assistance. Care is taken to see that the recipients are really worthy, while the object kept steadily in view is to enable them to help themselves. The first donations we have received appear to us vury suggestivo. They are as follow :-" Messrs. ALSTONand "Brown, £2 ; employés oí do., £ö ; total, "£7." This wo think is tlio way in winch Mr. MAitsn's wants should be met. Each establishment in Melbourne having any interest in tho class which tho Y.M.O.A. wishes to assist, should get up a small subscription on its own account, employers and employed alike .contributing. If the movement were general, the sum required from each in- dividual in order to provide ample funds would bo vory small. Wo need hardly impress on the young men engaged in the shops and warehouses of Melbourno tho duty of assisting their fellows in distress. Many of them know from experience, and all of them from facts within their know- ledge, how hard is tho lot of tho clerk or shopman without a situation. Ho must keep up a respectable appearance, or his chances in an overstocked labour market would be vory poor indeed. Whilo the labourer or artisan can attiro himself as ho likca, and almost command work on his own terms, tho desk or counter- man must dress decently boforo ho can even enter upon tho task of soliciting employment. Lot those who aro now provided for remember that human affairs are mutable. The caso of the ¡ipplicants to the Y.M.C.A. to-day may hu theirs to- morrow. Tho recollection will surely cause them to _nvo freely the sovoral small donations now asked at thoir hands. Clothes aro wanted as well as monoy. Packages may be sent to tho Association's rooms in Russoll-streot. The Goodwood Cup, one of the great sport- ing events of the year in England, has been won by Mr. Child's Du Barry, Nottingham being second, and Fernandez third. Two of the favourites, Robert the Dovil and Bend Or, were scratched. According to our cable meseagcB tho disaffection in Tunis is in- creasing, the Arabs having risen and Bur rounded the city of that name. Ayoub Khan having failed to induce the Ameer to consent to peace based on a redistribution of terri- tory, had contii>u-d bia advance towards Condahar. Our cable tnes-ages this morning state that a battle hr.a been fought be- tween the forres of Ayoub and thoao under the Ameer, in which the former haa been victorious. The defeat of the Ameer is mainly attributable to the fact that an entire regiment of his army deserted to the enemy immediately after the commencement of tho battle. This defection caused a panic in the Ameer's ranks, and his forces retreated pre- cipitately. His Excellency the Governor is to viait the Legislative Council on Tuesday at 5 o'clock p.m., with a view of proroguing Parliament. The Government have ascertained that the Council will in all probability deal with the bills to bo sent up to it without delay, and therefore the session can be terminated as announced. The Houscb will be called to gcther again on Thursday at 2 o'clock, when a new session will be opened in the ordinary manner. The addresa in reply will have to bo carried beforo supply can be obtained, and it ia therefore hoped that any opposition criticiaraa will be aa brief as possible. I The probability is that the civil servants and the public creditor will not bo paid until tho week after next. As already announced, the length of the adjournment the Government will ask for will depend upon the willingness of the House to grant a temporary renewal of the beer and tobacco duties. Ministers have now two posts to fill up. They must appoint a Minister of Lands and they may nominate either a Treasurer or a Minister of Public Works, leaving the one office or tho other to be amalgamated with one of the other departments. The names of Mr. W. Madden, Mr. Levien, and Mr. Burrowes are generally mentioned as possible Ministers. The Government, however, boa so far taken no definite action, and probably a few days will elapse before any announce- ment is made. Mr. W. Robertson was yesterday returned unopposed for the electorate of Polwarth and South Grenville. The constitutionalists gain a seat by this event, as the late representative (Mr. O'Hea) was a radical member. Mr. Robertson's return to the Legislative Assem- bly will give general satisfaction. Mr. W. Pearson, of Kilmany-park, Sale, was returned, unopposed yesterday to the Legislative Coun- cil, in place of Mr. Ii. D. Reid, who resigned his Beat for the Eastern Province in order to contest West Bourke againat Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. Both branches of the legal profession are about to present to the Governor in Council a numerously-signed petition for the re- instatement of Mr. Blair, late registrar of probates and officer for the assessment of duty on the estates of deceased persons. A deputation of gentlemen interested in mining pursuits waited upon the Commis- sioner of Trade and Customa yesterday, to ask that the patent mining machinery shown by Captain Wogomann, C.E., at the Exhibi- tion, might be forwarded, in bond, to Lal Lal for experimental purposes. It was explained that if the machinery proved efficient it would be purchased, but if the test was not favourable it would be returned in bond to Melbourne. Mr. Graves granted the request, on the understanding that if the machinery was not returned within two months the duty would bave to be paid upon it. The Postmaster-General, at the request of Messrs. James and Brophy, M.L,A.'s, baa consented not to abolish the post-office at Ormond, in the Bungaree Forest, as waB con- templated. He has also agreed to give a daily mail service to Costerfield instead of a tri-weekly one, and to run an additional mail weekly. between Bruthen and Omeo, ne baa also promised to supply increased postal and telegraphic accommodation at Elsternwick. The growing requirements of the latter place render this necessary, and if the Minister of Railways offers no obj'ection, jt is proposed to start a post and telegraph office at Elsternwick Railway Station. The Railway department yesterday accepted the tender of Messrs. Thompson and Co., of Castlemaine, for the manufacture and supply of points and crossings at £2,21G lCs. 9d. This waa the lowest of threo tendera. At the late Geelong Assizes two prisoners, Martin Tenas and Josephine Roastan, were found not guilty of charges laid against them, on the ground of insanity, and were ordered to be detained until the pleasure of His Excellency was known. The Crown Law officers, in accordance with the usual practice, have directed strict investigation to be made into the circumstances of the two cases, with a view of determining what course to recom- mend to His Excellency. In tbo Government Gazette of yesterday successful appellants in cases of appeals in the Land Tax Court against the classification of estates aro informed that accounts, with the commissioners' orders attached for the amount of the taxed coats, should be for- warded to the Chief Secretary's office without delay. The Italian war transport steamer Europa anchored at the Heads on Thursday, and left for Sydney during the night. She was re- ported as having passed Wilson's Promontory at 20 minutes to 2 o'clock yesterday after- noon. The Alfred Graving Dock was pumped out yesterday in order to bave the blocks laid for tho reception of the turret ship Cerberus. A shoal of young barracouta waa secured in the dock as the water decreased. A general meeting of the shareholders in the Model Lodging-house Company (Limited) waa held yesterday at the bnilding ia King street. Mr. R. Knaggs presided, and moved the adoption of the report and balance-sheet. The former stated that 37,14. lodgers had been accommodated during the past half-year, being an average of 205 per .night. Mr. J. Fergusson seconded the motion, but sug- gested that the dividend in the future should not be more than 5 per cent., the balance to go towardB clearing off the mortgages on the building. The motion waa then carried, a dividend of lOpuî cent, being declarod, and the proceedings terminated with the custo- mary vote of thanks to the chairman. The ordinary annual meeting of nie share- holders of the Victoria Insurance Company was held yesterday at the office of the com- pany in Market-street. The Hon. Henry Miller presided! and in moving the adoption of the report took occasion to congratulate the shareholder on the very satisfactory State of affairs which it showed. A dividend of 10s. per share was declared, and made pay- able to-day. The Hon. H, J. Wrixon and Mr. H. Darlot were re-elected directors, and Mr. ThomaB Smith was elected to the third vacancy. MeBsrs. W. Thompson and W. Small were appointed auditors. A large number of ladies met at the Town hall yesterday afternoon for the purpose of co-operating with Mrs. E. P. Austin, of Bar won-park, in the establishment of the Hos- pital for Incurables. It was resolved that all present should form themselves into a com- mittee for the purpose of aiding Mrs. Austin's efforts, and the following officebearers of such committee were then elected :-Mrs. Quirki president; Mrs. A. Hopkins, vice-president; and Dr. Thos. Embling, hon. treasurer and secretary. Mr. Geo. R. Johnson, the archi tect of the building, was present, and gave a description of the building and its capa- bilities. The meeting determined to carry on an energetic canvass for subscriptions. . At a meeting of the shareholder of the M'Culloch Insurance Company hold yeater day, the resolutions passed at a meeting held on the 14th inst. in favour of winding-up the company, and forming a new company, to be ' called the Indemnity Fire and Marine In- surance Company of Australasia, were con- firmed, and Mr. W, G. Sprigg was appointed liquidator. The annual meeting of the Metropolitan Gas Company wub held yesterday at their office, Flinders-lane. There was a large attendance of members, and Mr. John Benn, the chairman, presided. The report of the directors and tho balance- sheet, which wore published in 2Vie Argus on the 2üthiiiat., were submitted. The chairman, in moving their adoption, said that notwithstanding the reduction in tho price of gas, they were able to declare a dividend of 0 per cent, for the half-year, and to carry £10,000 to the reserve fund account. By introducing new appliances they had been able to increase the parity and volume of their light, and the several works were being conducted in a moBt satisfactory manner. The motion was seconded by Mr. W. Croker, and carried, and it was announced that the dividend would bo payable on and after Monday The half yearly meeting of shareholders in tho Langlands Foundry Company was hold on Thursday Mr C J Jenner, M L C , in the chair The adoption of the auditors statement of accounts, which waa the only financial statement submitted, was unani- mously carried A meeting of the executive of the Victorian Alliance for the Suppression of the Trafilo in Intoxicating Drinks, was held at the Temper ance hall Russel 1 street, last night, Mr Corlettinthe chair The secretary reported that arrangements were m progress for the publication of a monthly paper, to bo called the Alliance Record, to advocate the prra ciple of "local option' in reference to the liquor traffic Tho executive approved of the steps taken, and instructed the secretary to bring the matter under the notice of the members of the alliance It was resolved to invite Mr James Munro, ULA., to accept the position of president of the alliance At the request of certain manu facturera of unfermented wines for sacra mental purposes, it was determined to hold a meeting of clergymen and others interested to test the same Several gentlemen were appointed agents to represent the alliance in vanouB country districts, and a copy of the new prospectus of the society submitted hy the secretary was, with certain verbal amend- ments, unanimously adopted The annual meeting of the subscribers to the Refuge for Tallen Women was held on Thursday,in theAasembly hall,Collins street The committee s report, which was of a very satisfactory character, and the balance-sheet which Bhowed a credit balance of £200, were submitted and adopted The report con tained a recommendation from the Ladies' and Gentlemen a Committee that a fund be established for the erection of a chapel in con nexion with the institution, and this, by the adoption of the report, was approved of A resolution that it was also desirable to build a hospital ward as Boon as possible, was likewise carried The office bearers were re elected A special general meeting of the members of the Microscopical Society of Victoria was held on Thursday, for the purpose of consider ing a proposed alteration of the rules by in serting "vice president" immediately after "president" wherever this word occurs. The president (Mr T S Ralph) occupied the chair, and the alteration of the rules as pro posed was unanimously agreed to. The ordinary monthly meeting was then held and in addition to the transaction of the usual routine business the Rev J J Halley was elected vice president of the society. Mr Denton delivered the third of his series of lectureB on the " Story of the Earth as the Rocka Reveal it at the Athena,am hall last night, to a good audience The title of the lecture was "The Coal and Salt Periods After briefly describing the sand- stone and limestone formations immediately underlying coal measures, the lecturer said he considered that most of the coal being worked here belonged to beda that lie higher than the series of beds he was speaking of that night, namely, the original coal beds laid down m the first and grandest period of coal formation He ex plained at length the manner in which it had been ascertained that coal beds had been formed from vegetable matter that grew in immense profusion at a time when the world was a hot-house from the equator to the polea, such beds being afterwards submerged and covered with deposits, which in succeeding ageB hardened into rock The various kinda of living creatures existing on the globe during the carboniferous era were described by the lecturer who then passed on to the triaseic formations, and referred especially to the Baliferous deposits, explaining they were caused by salt having been left in large quantities on land through the aalt water which had once covered the land being evaporated into the atmosphere At the close of the lecture, Mr Denton exhibited by means of the oxj hydrogen light a number of photographs of forests, plants, fishes, and reptiles of the periods to which he had been referring The civil sittings of the Supreme Court before Michaelmas Term will commence on Monday Tho case m the jury of twelve list has been postponed The juries of six lia'' will be divided The Chief Justice will try those bearing even numbera, and Mr Justice Higinbotham will try those bearing odd numbers Mr A. Gilmour appeared on summons at the City Police Court yeBterday to answer a charge of perjury The information was sworn by Mr W K Vail, tailor, late of Swanston street, and charges the defendant with having on the 25th May made an affidavit, m which he stated that Vail had assigned and sold his tailoring business, stock in trade, and book debts, toMesBra Ecroyd anJ Danby, of which firm the defendant ia a partner The prosecutor swears that he never assigned or sold hiB business as alleged On the case being called on, Mr Grave, who appeared for the prosecution, applied for a post- ponement for three weeks, on the ground that two cases arising out of this matter would shortly be tried m the Supreme Court, and that Messrs Purves and Mitchell, the counsel engaged in the caaes and for this prosecution, advised the postponement Mr Molesworth, for the defence, strongly opposed any post ponement stating that Mr Gilmour was pre pared with his witnesses and books to prove that every word in his affidavit was true Mr Molesworth also produced the deed of assignment, and claimed that the charge should be fully investigated at once or be dismissed After some consultation, the Bench declined to dismiss the caso, bat con sentcd to allow Mr Grave to withdraw it, as in tbo absence of counael ho was not pre pared to go on The caBe was accordingly withdrawn, and it was intimated that fresh proceedings would be taken after the trial of the actions in the Supreme Court At the Collingwood court yesterday, Mr Hart, employed by the Master Bakers Union, proceeded against 13 bakers and shopkeepers upon charges of selling light weighted bread In 12 of the cases fines of 10s and 12j Gd I coats were indicted and in ono 20s and 12s Gd costs Mr Leonard appeared for the defence, and contended that the bread, being of the class designated "cottage loaves, did not come within that section of the aUnecessi tuting its being weighed, but the Bench ruled againBtthis Hie deficiency in weight varied from loz. to 3oz. in the 21b loaf Tivo shop keepera, for being in possession of false ba lances, were each fined 10s , and 12a Od coBte An inquiry was to have been held yeator day by Superintendent Winch, m reference to the contradictory statements made by Con stable Connolly and some of the officials of the Melbourne Hospital, touching the refusal of the latter to admit a woman named Eliza beth Maynard to the hospital on the 18th May The inquiry waa ordered to ba hold by the acting chief commissioner of police, and the evidence to be taken on oath Yesterday morning however, Superintendent Winch received a letter from Messrs Gillott and Snowden, solicitors for Constable Connolly, questioning the right of the superintendent to bold auch an inquiry as it might involve a charge of perjury against Connolly or Borne other person Under the circumatancea Superintendent Winch decided not to com menee the inquiry, but to forward the letter to the acting chief commissioner of police _lbe Ltchange authorities, by meana of a pigeon express, have been in a position to post from time to time m the hall the ran nmg for the Waterloo Cup, at Diggers Rest The hirda are domiciled on the roof of the building, and consequently the nowa they bring ia speedilj obtained The following information regarding wool ia contained in the lateat issue of Golds brough a Monthly Circular - ' Our advices from the country are not so favourable as wo could wish In portions of New South Wales ram ia badly wanted more especially m the eastern and north eastern districts rwts of exceptional severity have been general over a large proportion of the colony, which bas prevented the grass from growing, and nnless heavy rams follow, the prospects for the coming spring will not be encouraging Some slight showers however h_ve fallen in various parts within the lout few days, and indications of a further chango aro reported In Victoria with the exception of a portion of the Western district pastoral prospects are brighter but a return of moro genial weather would be beneficial to the young stock Preparations for shearing aro now general throughout Riverina and as many' of the northern stations have already com menced operations, we may expect the firat instalments of the new wool to arrive m the course of a few weeks A good (Jip is antici pated, perhaps a little lighter in condition than last year, but sound and well grown The winter meeting of the Geelong Racing Club, held yesterday on the Barwon course WBB well attended by Melbourne racing men, but the same cannot be said of the Geelong residents Block Diamond won the Trotting Race, with Von Moltke second, and Conquer ing Hero third The Hurdle Race waa won by Cumberland, New Zealand being second, and Cyclops third Napper Tandy won the Winter Handicap by a short head from Koh i noor, Attaché was third The Steeplechase was won easily hy Collingwood, Victor being second, and Ranger third Nimrod won the Selling Hurdle Race, and was bought in for £25 The meeting concluded with the Rail way StakeB, which waa won by Napper Tandy easily, with The Ghost Becond, and Bruno third The Waterloo Cap Meeting will be finished to day m the Oval, at Digger a Reat and as there are but 17 couraes to finish Cup Parse, and Plate, the special train will no leave town until 11 a. m Mr Dewhurst will appear as Hamlet at the Theatre Royal to night Mrs Centime s sparkling comedy, " The Wonder pt a Woman Keeps a Secret, is announced to be played at the Bijou Theatre this evening "UM S Pinafore was played for the last time at the Opera house last night Mr Beaumont being indisposed, Mr Howard Vernon appeared as Ralph Rackstraw, and acquitted himself with great credit The part of tiro admiral was sustained by Mr J C Williamson This evening ' The Piratea will bo revived, with some important changea in tbe cast Miss Alice Rees appears as Mabel Signora Venoata as Ruth and Mr T H Ramford as the Pirate King It ia ex pected that Mr Beaumont will bo sufficiently recovered to take his old part Thel-kir of Oolus entertainment at St Georges Hall to night will bo for the benefit of Madame Silvester Some new musical and dramatic selections are promised " Ten Nights in a Bar room continnes to be fairly patronised at the Princess a Theatre The performances last night were for the benefit of the juvenile actress who has taken the part of Little Mary The drama will be repeated this evening A variety programme ia announced for this evening s People s Concert in the Tem perance hall, Russell street In addition to a large number of popular vocal items Mr Nicholas La reuillade, the violinist, will per form fantasias on Irish airs and the Hugo Brothers will appear in negro farces and songs and dances Mr A Geddes will occupy the chair, and Madame Victorine Pett will pre side at the piano Our reports of the annual meetings of the Orphan Asylum, Humane Society and Blind Asylum, which took place yesterday, are held over through want of space Messrs Gordon and Gotch have forwarded to us the Australasian ABO Guide for August The Rev Alexander Yule is advertised to deliver a lecture in Erskine Church Carlton, on the Revision of the New lestament on Tuesday evening A meeting of the Victorian Poultry and Dog Society ia to be held at the Eastern Arcade to night for the purpose of electing judges for the ensuing show The return ball to Mr John M Mahon mayor of Titzroy takea place in the I itzroy Town hall on lueaday An advertisement of the arrangements will be found in our columiiB It is intimated that the monthly meeting of the Musical Artists Association which was to take place this evening has been postponed on account of HerrWilhelmj a con cert A meeting to express sympathy with the persecuted Jews of Southern Russia and to organise a fund for their relief will be held m the Town hall on Monday, at 8pm, the mayor in the chair The Omnibus Company notify that from 1st August their Fitzroy and Spencer street line will resume the route used before the Exhibition via Brunswick and Albert streets We are requested to draw attention to an advertisement which appears in another column of the CroBBley Telephone Companj whose telephones and other electrical instra ments are wi view at l8 Collina street east where the public are invited to witness the telephonic and other apparatus ia opera tion The first social evening of tho Tonic Sol fa Association will take place this evening at the Athenreum A varied programme of vocal and instrumental music will bo given to be followed by a dance This will he the last public appearance of the Rev Raphael Ben jamin in the colony We have received from Mr M L Hutclun son the two first volumes of a series entitled Mfmorable Men of the nineteenth Centura the firat being William Eioart Gladstone His Life and Times and the second The Earl of Beaconsfield His Lid and Worl the author of both voIumeB being Lewis Apjohn, and the pubhahera the Tyne Pubhahing Company (Limited) London These bio graphies condense into a amall and handy volume all the leading facts and incidents m the lives of the two most eminent English statesmen of the latter half of the 19th cen fury and no well informed Australian should remain ignorant of their contents At St Ignatius s Richmond the festival of the patron of the church will bo observed to morrow High mass will be celebrated at Ham, and the Rev M Wataon, S J , will preach the panegyric of St Ignatius of Loyola The mass to be sung is Giorzas Mubs No 1 The principal singers will be the Mibbc-8 O Brien (soprano and alto) and MesBrB Henderson (tenor and basa) while the chorus w ill be strengthened by assistance from other Catholic choira A special feature will he the Offertory piece and Ave Maria by Zopff composed for soprano violin and organ The arrangement which is verv pretty was obtained with other novelties by Herr Gerlach during his last trip to Turope The wioliniat will be Mr Curtie of the Royal Academy of London Some soIob by Herr Lûtgons basso will on banco still further the attractions of the mass The whole is to be under the direction of Herr Gerlach the organist ot the church In the ev ening there will be selections from the ' Stahat Mater and other concerted pieces in addition to the uBual vesper and bonedic tion music. The usual weekly meeting of the commit tee of management of the immigrants Aid Society waa held yesterday at the Military Barracks St Kilda road , preaont- Mesara Oliphant Woolley and R Btoinby (who occupied the chair) The state of tho house waa reported oa follows -Kera lining last week 012 admitted since 27 discharged 2<*, died 1 from general debility (Mar paret Jones aged d9 j ears nativo of London I ngland) remaining 312 men 107 women and 101 children-m all olO At the tame time last yea- there woro 3oGmen 188 women and 130 children There nre 94 men 10 women and 3 children sick 8 men stone breaking 228 oakum picking Ac and 12 working outside 12 women in ti e laundry 10 aewni. 129 hair teasing ¿to .he lightly average of casuals during the » cele waa 30 n ales and G f emaloa Out door relief waa given to 8 families or 28 indi vidualn on presenting the relief carda of the society Au application was made cn Uliilf ol an old man 8uf 1« ni g fri m cancer ne had been living 111 the Wimmert diBtriu aujported by the kindness of 11 real lent who however was vu nnle to continue keeping him as ho needed medical attend mee Ho applied to the Bei eitlent AHylum but onint, to tho nature < f his diBcaae cancer he waa refused Mr Richard GihBon also recommended him In (he committee of the home as quite destitute und friendless It was decided to m cue the ( oor man into the cancer ward, if I casillo 