. isMisf, PARTNERS: A TBUB STORY. ;Blr: % cotNTBir ATioBiray.! OHATTKB vm. . .Witw Mr. Fatohment left Blooum ho had; wered hie connection with the dfeWat: and a fotr daya provlonely to the , .pepoaal of maniego mado by 1 Mr. Hooky,; m mo roiumea ior some temporary purpose .of hie own. When he had been in toumeee fc Rlnnnm tin l>ai Iuom .il>. i- I .J I » ifi! w » " wg.oaTiwr oii Hta. Horagroye : and therefore it waa only naturalthMehoehoold employ himtoarrango the i neoeaaan preliminary aettlement befohi milking tho fosp In the dark which a matri monial venture usually is, Aooordlngly,' . he called upon Mr. Hooky; bad that gentle- man reoeived him with tho lofty oonrteayi Whioh was hla.dlatlngniehing oharaotieriatio. : . . "Iam happy to be informod,n obeenred' Mr. Parchment, after soma preliminary oon- ' venation, 1 ' that this Is purely a lore match.' ' "Oh. oortalniy," haatUys ldtsipeabd Mr. Hooky; "one of thoaeapontoueona devdop-' tunta of the tender paselon of which poets' 'dream | and whioh only middle aged men who! have eeerehed vainly, dnringa barren fire and: forty' weary years of loveless extitenee, for! sympathy, can folly appieclato." " ' . " "Just so," said Mr.- Farohmcnt, "thSso Poole sontunoots do yon inflnito honour, Mr. Hooky | allow mo to graan yonr hand and , congratulate you, upon having nobly won a: woman who, In spite of heT porcrty, is' tdike: .Worthy of Silos Hooky Esquire end worthy: of tho derated sentiments of whioh ha is . ,. " Porortr 1 Mr. Poroiunent, I don't oxstotljrj understand." . ' ... "Nay, nay, affect not. Ignorance of that- .whioh must bo known to you in common, .with ell. those who ere privileged aboro the; oommon honl in .hoing ' admitted to the intimacy ,ot the fair widow.of Pino Yilla." ' j ;,' -"Fpon rny soul, Mr. Porohmeat, yon ere, speokuig in enigmas, " will you" bp" good enough to, oxplajm.f" ' i', j i "Well, well, as you p'ereUfc 'In youx aasnmed ignorance, ,1 will begin'., at tho beginning. Yon. muet know, then, that; when .ola Hardgrovo' dled ho modo a irill. BJiere— I hare the draft witty.mo;it'will ; oiliu Hooky read the dralt.will.aiid idiim Bftid: ' . 2 ; u Mr. ParchmentK41iiA-U realT most ox- ' V'traordtoPMye,>,',. . "Ths vory' words T 'need' to tha leto lamented. Hard grore/'remarkedZdr. Pareh- . 'ment. . , . ' "o infernal 6M eoonndM,lV : Mid htr. ' HpoXyv j- j ; .'i .i . ,'V j.T/.'.-sj, '-r "Tho infamous oldhoary -headodaseasaln," aaidMr.Farohipenfc:-;,:: ,r . ; !' Then Bhe wiil\bo absplutoly.ppjitylleba," ,: eald Hooky. " Absolutely, "eaiilarohsibat, : , ' " But abo must hayo. savedeometbfng from' bar Inoomo," oontlnnod Hooky. " . " It woo vail invested- in the Happy-Go- Lnoky Bank, f( returned Porohmont. " f And tbat.'institntion has emaahod,'' . musad Hooky. . ", Smashed," assontodPerohmont. I " Mr. Parohiubnt," eald Hooky in'tonea of 1 , the eaddbet melanoholy,' "mr bollof in; \- human nature iq ehattorod. Htunan per-: footibilltyis a' batdeea dream. I feel that: jhe. poetry of .cxiatenaa is: a. tbiog.,of thej past, and that solClabnosg and 'ogptiam havo \ tokfin tho plaoa of , that tender ; oonelderatlop : . for othors, whioh' it Is; my- consolation to' .think' that .I, at teast/havo kbpt,. over, 'fresh' and nnanllioA My mlnd ls mado np. I: : willninrifloomyeelfonUioaltarofdute.. D I ware to nuury Mrs. Hardgroyo. ana then; to dlo. I would never forgivo myodf. What: would beooma of hor undar thosa olroumv' atanoosf I shudder to think of It. No," oontlnnod the doqiieht Hodky,;a»ho warmed ; to tho eubjpot,. 'II will' 'never oqasent to . . injure tho.'vfdman.'I iloire, fay asking her. to shore my poverty. She la bob— ftoe oa the air I :TeU nor that SilaB.;H6oky;'Esqhiro,j whllohia heart Is' breaking,' yet rooogniebs: 'the.imperatlve oalla.of that unwcUteu.oodoof ' honour whioh rewards this veaerifiae. iToll v her,' ho continued In, broken, .apoents, V.that' Silas Hooky Eeqalre. will net >stand: in the i way , of vhgr ; merging eomo PPC who.ahall tyo worthy of her : eomo ono who . may rivo her :. .thawealthiiitMetyiAs ihae notto',offer,|..but who oannotiheetow npbn bid) the wetylfli <>t affeotlou. whioh hoaooforthwill bbboriod In this bUghted heut ", and, Mr. Hooky etrnbk that part of his onotepiyjwhlbh le enppoaod ' to oovtr the organ .of .ttye affeoUbns. Mr. Parohmont wto..deeply'.ineved by eneh self- abnogatlon on tho part of IHopky. Ho . eonla hordlyflncf worde to express hfs sense of tho estimation 'in which ho . hold that gontloman, apd, In : taking vhla leave, his : , agitation waa apparent in tho fact Gut ho ; hod to oongh wfiXaLtlmea to koep down tho '.lamp in his throat. "However, ho eoornod to rooover hlmsdf voryvqnlohly, fldd. by/ tho time ho had gained the street, hla faoe, boro more indioatlon of laughter. than of tears.; . As for Mr, Hooky, ho oongratulated.hlmseU upon tho ability and adaroea with which . ho had retired from a somowhat dlfEonit : pedtlon; ,' ..Dpon leavtng. Mr. Hooky's oMeo, Mf.i . Parohmoat returned to Plho "Villa,' and re- , pitted tho .wsnlt of his Interview witty tkat 1 conadontlous gcntUman. " And.co, ajftor' all his" broteatatlohe,;ho .refueoa temarry mof" eald lira. Harfgroro. . Well, htdldhot abedutaly refute ; bat! ho eald that Jou were Iroa. wMoh la "tanta- mount tothanamn tSlno.» ,, falthloee manI,,After,.oxhaneUng, .the langnago of lore In protestation' of hia nffootIon,.andnoarlyHlliugmy,iioor'eat,ha now : vrithdraws! ; tut .Prm!', beT'at least, , avongod. Mr.;Hooky ehaU Hot trlflo' wilb' Mr-' wojtaa diaU ,bo : my: 'advfcttj/ IishaU'Wo, WPs-Aamajj&SZOOOi;'.': 'Who question Is, " obsorvmlifiDf;'' Paroh- i mont, : emlllog,, ae 'ho helpdd-Hteablf' tbl andttypr.Jmnp of sngor; " hbw mnoh damagoi hflToyou fluatainodr' yy.- '."-v- ' ' , Hyes, truo/ lob ow Wo,1' usoathb-Wdow,. 4,'oiid oftornooa WOBted-ifl1 11a tenia# - hLj' doolaration— thftfc lfl do nnob . lutagiUiifii that Imiufc. fiivpljBlaoft.tiiQ.YQliiei o tho (uouiioinoiittlidlatorTlovftffottlfldino— and thon, I think# I will really romoiii. on (his connt, Jfr> Hsoftdcblcz, ' i "Yon ocrbiluly cannot prove liquidated damages thoro;'.' sald Mr. Porohnient. No," oloarly not, tbon I must fdl back upon the damage dono to my eat," and at the reminleoanees, IndtteCd by the mOntloh of that nnfertnnate enimal, the two' ooasplni'- terr such they undoubtedly were, laughed . ' "" " 1 1 1 " ; .'Ohapxeb jx, ,, Tnn momlng after the stents related in . .. SJl!" wae a very lmportanl one 'x Mr- -W uksr ; as .the poat bronght the intellltfenoe .of rtna death of ihla ' nnole, to whore. rbonnty. he wai .indebted for hia mnnlty; andt hs thua learnt, that he was the ownsrof.aoTeralexteailTe oattlaatailena fa Qnaansland, andl20,B00»boep fa Biverfaa. ao ffaUhfag Gi» pnwtl of ilhis letter, :Jfc. _ Hooky stopped ;fa, and ha waa ahoatto inforra toat gentleman of hla good fortnne. whwx the latter opened the oonver- ution by relating hla faterrteir with lb. Pawhment.' Jim'a feelings at .fals . reoital were of very intxed' natare, fadeed ; bat, fmh ac they ware, they led hlm to maka np hta- mfad to rey, nothing at all aboat Ub jseeooeuHx to ,hii Qneto'i noMtto Hls leeUogs wlttv t<%v& io . BxAj mn UOto fit BM:.n7,;iod iOOOtMBph If Hooky vm to be believed, Mis. Hsrdgrote was in loro jritlLthatbltate geiitloinaa i 'and Jim i heart waa bunting with envy, while he bad greatdiiSenlty 'la raiding hie inclination to kTok the aelf-oomplatoat narrator, m ho proeeeded to unfold the position, of affairs fa his own peculiar .style. . .Ttye eonda'ot bf Hooky hs oonoidmd in the last degree con temptible. The will, re explained by Hootyy, was simply infamous. The prfaelpat feature of -it. was, that .within three years from the Jtl. .a at., tt. u: ' . 'Mwtwi VA ktiv «eiiMW|.iua wwow WHwniny a men worth £i0,000, and of an age at .least equal to.that.whieh the testator' .would have -reached had. hp lived nntU. the data xoci Uaaed.1 falling wfafch the , wtiolo of the pro- perty waa to lie, vested' la treatere fee the beatft of the HIrk, and far the .prepegaiien of the Gospel among the Bandnlah Islimdsis. Saoh a; monstrona will Jim. had never hsend of fa his life; sad hs wis bmmlng with indig nation as bo took np Us pen to write a letter to Mrm Hatdgrave, asking her to many hla right off, explaining thatThn knew, bsz peri- tias and that he wis now n ttretthy nun and an infinite number' of other thfags .which flashed - through his; brain, warmed his Imagination, and tinged with milter it rut hie future. Bat he did not go vet# ftf fa Ms oplstelary adventure before he stopped, rubbod tho bridge of his nere thonghtfully with the handle of his pen, and said to him self— " H — m I" rubbed the right rido of hie noao, and then, with an air of profound con viction said— "Oh I" tore the lottor into a thousand pieces and walked out. He went, straight to Tine Villa where ho found Mrs. Hardnove working in the tnrJm with a large atraw hat on and looking mora charming than ever. . - "M» .Haadgrove, I hare eomo : to rey good-hye." - .. . .v \- "Yon snrpriseme Mir. Walker"— and the. voice soemea a little tremulous — " but why hould l be surprised, re Iani.going to leave the dear old plaoeimysolf.!' . . . l; ' "J.have heard.or your. mlafortmies, Mrs. HardgroTe, ehd I oan only say If I oan be of j any eerripe toyoafaany way, yea hare onlyi to oommand me.". , . ; , Mrs. Hordgrovo wlahlng to turn tho con- : versatloni said: "We," then borreotfag her' . self, 11 I was going, tp say we. ehaU.mlse you; very much— but I mean the society of Bleoum i will— will , miss yon,',' and. tho 'wldovr very' " feeoolotyofSlocom.wcidd'ntmlMme," eald Jlmfadeqperatloo, "if.lhad U'mnch indooflmflnt to wcrj 'm Mrl TTivtVy 1 j ' "What tnduocmcnt do you mean f" ih-i quired the lady, blnshfag, fa spite of her- self. ' "I mean the regacd.of one whom ho has not'thb'atnso to appreciate, or'tho eoul to be worthy. of."., ' " I will not hffoot .to- mlannderetand yon,: Mr. Vvelker, bat yon must anroly hare a. low; oplnlcmot m6 Ifyou think I ever bestowed'o, thought upon Mr. Hooky. , I obnfoss, that' before X knew tbat I waa utterly irulnod by! the rcoent bauk failure, I allowed my«If to ( play wlth tho nonritirC ahd tender nature of that delightfal'croature, knowlng that I waa' larfeotly, eafe frota his attentions so sooh as he wias Informed of fay position.'.' " It was o dangerode game tajlay,'Mrs.i ;HapagroTO.,»> '1 ; y: i-f ; "J j 1 "iBat I know' tho man tod krett'fb he ab alll alnrmed I donfeiso It waa an linlinident'thlda to dogperhape unwomanly ; but T': was drawn ftto.lt by tho oomital enrrdnhdfaga'o( tho'poritlcm ; "and, Indeed, Ihadnoed'toselaa evar;' oppdrtunlty ef forgctUng my nnhappj; " . Sbo was nervously tearing aroao'topteoes s leaf by teaf lt was faUfag at hre feet,, and it eeomoa as; if ehe ' wero throwing away sofad fandpr reopliedtioo with each bloom. j Aire yon theh ao yety' nnhappjrr' -sain Jlm/Iook&g;'fatrther oyoa, .while be oaughtj one of her hands fa- both Af his. - No reply ;andbut a fafatattonptto 'draw hor himol . x':' . ' -'"llrst'iHordgrovo," -sold' iJim'ln <\- 'low! :voloe,:"iyou.' knowbettor ,thon-I oan tellyouJ -what ;fpelingsi are;,.:BPft)ro X darod 'tcl hopo thafcXmlghtovor even tondhyour hand X .felt attracted towards; ijroh.v lit . jvos hoa rlovO) foTiUiffli saoli.a feeUa was impossible #; bat -.it wae. a, fesefretlpii., :I oonld no .- more .banish . jonr imago .from.-my, :hoart than.- X oould atop ltc :jauseei facfa beattogf- ae;thoy| do;nowwhreiw»a oofteoloua:ofyour pro; .OToe. 'For lmcnUu X Uved-a, hopmou! tlfoj and oon coaled from oxery- curious evp tha > pasaloa. which was oonaumlng mo. But from you I oonld, hot Wde(.my hosrlg.pnd J,- sofa? tfajfa dreamed that yim were hot.dlrolfasad at my.presumptlon. . Wbfayen<>ellcd:dtLmy pffloo.Mtpthat'uhfortimateJotterjyonfoimd 'mo plungpdlnthp' doopoot ahypa of, .misery 'and eolfraboaemout. . XTnoyor. cbald'forgtre -AhjpaaUVJbfiff ',fotgaw!%"AM(hiiiiib''ail I thonght,,! fanolod," eomo ohljtlo fastfaot seemed to whlepor 'that ',X'wa»hot altegethoi indiflenmtto you jand'thfa'thoifeolfariebf I-know hPt'what, whlPh'waafalicdof Idtpl ahd- faeolriPtlohi'ntiddespalr, eipmisi nt<faoe to tako ppeacaolon of.fao. r foltthat'I woe hot worthy ofyou."Itwasnotso muph your wealth, but tho consclouaicea that I had playod- an unworthy -part; Thatmy.llfo.waa a living llo;weighodrmpo& fay' heart; Thp tallnmnn of.love nad'ahowod-mo my position fa all its deformity, and how oonld>X,:eall!iie' aa I wasj under fuse oolonrsi dare to pretend toitho hand of a lady, euchv oo , you. without . laying, myr.oUopcn, to tho euepichm of marry ing her for her money.'.' 'i , 'l And .whm Mr.; HPoky ofaighteaod' yon as! to my poverty;',' said Jaie. Hardgrovo, "oa hivmiidn.. another, feoblo'attcmntitol relaasC ;herhand,.!'yen came to ear goqi-bye,!J..,>. , "I came tpjknow, my, fate;, Mm-, Hard J .more ; to know if; yenlored Mr-Hooky ai) holed mo to bolloTO.": Mm- Bhrdgrovo.ob this point, snatched away, her hand, , and (mada a.Jlttlo. (emfalno gasturo expreaovbi of "y"lfe't faiiilt jho,. ploaso,.' Jbr. 'W'nlker don't mention . tho, name of Hooky conplod with fafao unlosa you wlshme to Jqave. yphj It weusfai "much to parish you.forhavtori allowod' youreolf to bo lea by euoh a man, that I gavo'hlm permleslon to boetow.npon 'hJrShffii j 5fcd : Walker fa explanation i : -"wA "JJ "jW aohamed of -even that plooc of dtafagennona-"' Uisa." . ' 1 And bow long is it alnoa yonr conseienoo, began to trouble yonf" said the lady, smiling. I "Slnoe I frit that I really levOd yon, and! might hope for a return." " And when was that f" "When l faneledthat this little hand," : queetto i whfax'Ssd'tort'tUsluaS i hand returned the prerenre of my own." ; " Than 6n fared ma alnoa yesterdey I morning P' .. 1 I hoped afaeereaterdsy morning." . " And yo« loved ma afaoswhen lO' ! . i- " Blnoe tba begfaning of «ro4tloni" sald Jim, faapnUvdy,, "for X belfare .we were! formed.fer.eaoh other." By that time they were seated on a - reitle form, nsdre the shMsof an orlontal 'plans, Pad fop'Sofae moments there -was oompfata eilenoe as - the lovsra looked cat over the divehrifled prospect of greed pasture and wedded afape. Tfae Vllls was sfiuated about two mltee oat Pf Blacnm,' upon a Plight elm ration, which smre's charming prospect of wood and Wold The smoke of the Blooum : hcarthe oonld be seen stealing Into1 the air I pror thctope of the trees, whlfatho memn-! bent fonu of 'sheep-; and oattfa were! diminished by'the permeoUve Into blotobwi of ooloar. KdtlMr apelw. " Jim had ponred out his whofa hPart in » torrent of-wordf, <ri whioh he'haroly knew'-the meaning, and waited for a response. He watobed tfio' ex- preMlva faoe ol his companion, is variety ri smotlons sesmsd to strive with sash other _ for the mastsry. Of what was ne thinking while die looked out into! the 'diatanM with those sad, steadfast' eyref' whst memories were rising, Ufa the" ghosts of a dead pssk of there years of fare- 1 leas existence with that hafd, old manf of, her warm affections crushed and' blishted by I her hopeless lifef of ths now, vista of. poesf- ' bUlttre opening before her in the love of a: man who was worthy to be enshrined in the innermost hsret. of a tree woman f What- 1 ever wcrS'hcr thoughts -.they ware tfagod with sadnsre; and hcr syaa filled with the tears whioh :ahe oorid act suppress. Jim was raored with a sympathetic feeling as he! drew her to hla heart; and hewss ssiuredl oi hls.snswer. for she smUcd through her tears when be kissed hr,u a mote ocal of their, compact. "Wa shall now leave tho twofayaml to talk over matters more interesting to! themselves than to anybody ties whlla w« enlighten onr readers as to some other things! whioh hare- had a considerable bearing on! this history. Jim, Iike most other people had a father and mother; bat, nnuks tbe genar-, ollty of men, he had also a half -sister, about! threo years . younger than , himself. Hb; mother died when ho was an Infant; and; his fatfaor married the lady who took charge of the motherless boy, ana wtyo bcrtowod ss puuvutvis uuvu uttu ma pug ilfuuoa upoa her own child This is not the usual war of atopmothere; but tha second Mrs; Walker; was a Idnd woman, and ahe had a hsart big enough for both of htr ohlldren, as aho very properly called thom. The unrie, old Jookj MaoFhenon, as he wts familiarly oolfad was hismcthet'a brother, To thle 'eeeentrie old .bachelor 'Jim was Indebted for hfa" annuity; whioh wak, t first, only 4100 ; tmt when MaoFbcreon hcard, oooldontslly, that ' Jim gave: up £70 of this amonnt to his stop- faother : and: -slater; to help them to keep hodso vrith thelr, own, small; uoomo, ha made' ,-Jim'an allowanoe.of £200 Bi.year.andgare. si ' liko annuity to his otepmothor. . It is as wall to mention; thesc llttle traits , about old Jock ; for he prided hlmoelf anon being the meanest man ia Australia, dndho woria baok himaelf to travel,, from the ",Gulf of Oarpentarla to MalboUrua , cheaper ,!tbon any nuuv in thd oolonles." ' 1 -Mom ritfamgh Jim; wqs a .very Jifad- .kQartod,fsUow,and so.goodto.lilahalf -olsteii and , atepmotb(>r,,he wps, llko mdri juung mon,avery,b«d correspondent., : Slncoloav- fag.Mribonrnehe hod only uritten onto to his slater Mary, and thuafaonht of fafoiraaJ tlon Pho h'ad' dorivod from that .oplstlo .vraS .of.the smalfaet." But Mary, .Walker bad A good oorresppndsnt in Mrs. -Hardgrovo, who had been an Old sohoolmate of hers ; "and'os Is the wont of; women, thoy, wrote eaqh othe most , religlonsly evmrr weok fang l latton oontafalng all sortd of 'fsmlnlne, fafinmatlonj mid, possibly, some ;Uttfa fsfalnfae sstfadoli It was a' soaroo of pnre and un'alloyod cijoymsnt to these' two unreppaprate women ; to ' think that thoy hod a'Pecreiaiid-that this' Posret hod' somnthlng to do wlth n'manl That Jim waa porfootly unoorneblons of -botng the subjoct'of-a fomlnlno plri' addoJ a- rose to tholr;-aaoreb -nnderstandiag'-whlob wot Pimply delisfausi 'Wo mnat new-retarn- to the lovoro, .tvhom we have lolt'long-enongh aloneto getorver tholr, flrst ngituroa andvto settle, dowh to mLlnteresting::Opnversatlon.ih whloh dellghHul plana .of! tore1: in u eottogp ' appaamd.the kemaiof tsrreetEtal'bUss. i ; .. j ' :..i "My doarNsUylhaatdJfaitaatho.'favofa roes- to- stroll- throngh 'the garden,' orm-lri- arm,1,:yon b»Te made faei ton happiest mah in the world; <ond tho oaly.thfag that pUrslas me la how.it has all omna.ahont.!'' , ' Mre.BKtova.faokod:,up.,witi«:an;aroli 'siplle. aadaPld: ' . f! Hare you, tben;VMi Itttfa.djfafidpnce lit . your, own;- merits', -as: to.-. bo faohbtod .with :aoriitoiOnUiOBnbj9qtf"., .'y,,' , , , ' ! : J"-'!' hare ' no; doubt' that: X iadore. jnnfay i darling; ; butX can't.lmaginawhnt you oan : see .in mo to makolt.worth yourwhlloto say ' yottlovome.'! J "Am-.yoaj not ;kfadhearted;..honejti gbodllaolung,vunsclllshdear.boy,thatXhave Jfaoirefar;tho fascist mo thlMCT-1' ' ; , , A-TNWBWawiyAqiaaii Jim, as ho sancssed her. hand. . l : " No," laughed the widow, joyously, . while a aUght 'bltHU snuussd. hor check at Jlm'a evidenliy increasing holddosa. , , " Weft," thought dim, ; j!.lfavo: only been In Blooum Xor. M, mop.mfajit'offa't be more than that." ' ' J" ! " Six months,, my'lovo 1" he hasrirde'd'.1;-' ' :: ' << No j'-iriiPfaagatn," oald-hUi'Oompanlbiil with a smQo whioh made Jim's heart beat at high pressnre. - "I give it. np," elghod Jlm ; " but'havP oompaaslonon my ignonface; and don't koop me longer in anspenaa." . , \- "Two yParB,'f Baldtho \ridow. ' ' " Two-ye ami" . echoed' Jim.; Why, yon most bo a witch," ho remarkod In tones of off oatod horror, while-he mado a mo tlotr as if He wore'abont to fly from her; bdtfarhlohV ' by a doxtorPns flank jnovefaant, hei' Changed Into encirollng her wllat with blarlght ortm : . " An'd who was your wrotebed informant,' mylovof"': >) "A ypangifadyi" , : j . ! : > " Alaal toe mystery fa thlokonfag; - I am a 'doomed' rniln,!' groaned Jim. as- klp- eyas' rearklodwlthamuttnioofmysulloaUonima " Aadhor name-- what Is her unforlunafe usmo f" , ; , ; ' " Polly Walker," said tho widow demnrrirj while a lurking smllo mods her beautiful eyos 'brightert hanever. ' ., 'i " What 1" cried Jim, eagerly " dear- old Folly; my- Bister; I didn't mow that yon Ifaewhor.". ' .' Wo were Bohoolmatos, and hare booh fa constant ' eorrcspondcnoo ever, ofaoo wo fait cphool.; 'Abont six months sfaop/l sent hsr'a awootheart from Blocnm, and oho rotnrnod' ttyo compliment by drawing such vivid fad-:' turep of your mental and moral porfcouona' that l mado np my- mind that you- wCro eltd-' .gether'too goodfor me, and' I'dotermlncdto loave youiBoverclv alono." , "Whfaty yon aopordfagiy did, "interjected V.' : '!> V j M'' ' .U'- 1 ' " Whioh X -ifasordlngly aid," mid the' widow, "until— : "DntUwhati!,'- '-.'v'.. i . "Untax oonld see that you were , going to break yonr hsart abont it." j " And then you took oompossionfai mo;" ;Theao two misguided people wore looking; at each other a if thoy wore the aole oeon- pantsof the Dnlvcree. - The garden fa whioh! thoy Wore loitering .was their Eden. Hore' was no forbidden fruit ,and no serpent tempting tohnfaiown delights. They lored' eaoh ottacr and that to -them waa bliss enough; but tlisir lave was pqre, and tinged with a ahivalroos ngard for everything that was boat and hoUootii mrooAa on ,bii part i while ahe oredited her lover -with all -thai manly riituoaefa Bayard, "jam mar ti mm ripntU," 'Their Interesting ;«<« i Hti yna i interrupted far a light step on tho gpavsl, and a discreet oongh which heralded the > appearance of a jropng lady who tried to look very aneoneofaus ss tho lorsrs acaom- .panted hsrbeokto thehouse. "And ao, Polly/' aald Jim to his slater; " yon and Nelly— I mean Mrs. Hardgrere— havo been engaged fa s oonspiraey." " Oh 1 don't be bashful, Jtan," laughed his faster ; <>coU her NsUy; I alwaya otll her Nellj:; thilikMU. iinrtbe oonspifaor l oonf as my share of it; bat l hope you won't ,toel very much annoyod about it. Poor boy I she continued, in a tono of assumed mefancholy, "It baa.sost you yonr heart; .ud you, oonld Ui spare fast, for it Is abont all yon hays to bestow." "To parish yon two oonspiretem," said Jim. severely, "X shall keep from you a most profound esorot on IB — well, until this. young wonufa here obanges heir w— from Mrs. Hardgrere to lbs. Walker." "And I," mid Hu. Hardgrere, with an aqual assumption of gravity, "to pnnlsb yon iot attempting to pnriih us, vrill lot yon remain, far three weeks, in'jprefotmd lgnor- anee of a elromweUnne which la of wry great importance to us both." \- ! .5 U" woeks wo are to bo married," said Jim. What the wdow said, fa reply, was lost fa tho noise of shutting the door as they entered the houeo; but possibly tho march of events will in due oonrss reveal her answer. f Ta it smrlaimt.1 