The terrible calamity which occurred 011 Saturday in connection with the torpedo experiments in Hobson's Bay, and by which five men have lost tlicir lives, emphasises the opinions previously expressed that a change is necessary in the . system now adopted by which pleasure trips and duty are combined by those who have charge of our marine defences. It is only a fen- days ago since a picnic was given bT the commander of the Cerberus, at which the boats of the ship named and other public property were used to fete the Chief Secre tary and some of his lady friends, with the result that the boats were damaged to the extent of several hundred pounds, and this sum the taxpayers will have to pay. On Saturday, however, a more severo catas trophe occurred, which will be found do- tailed in another column, and this seems to have beon primarily caused by the com mandant allowing pleasure to take prece dence of duty. The programme of experi ments arranged for had been safely carried out, and the commandant left liis ship to take part in some festivities ashore. Al though the matter is not quite clear, it ap pears that there was a party of visitors on board the vessel who were not satisfied with the small .experiments previously made, and these induced the head "of the electricians to afford them a sensation by' the discharge of a large torpedo, and in carrying out this suggestion the accident occurred. While the commandant and his friends were enjoying themselves listening to the rehearsal of " Pinafore" music they were startled by a loud explosion near the ship and by seeing the boat and. its human freight thrown a hundred feet into the air, and the entertainment concludod with the death of five men, one being au Imperial officer lent to the Victorian service to give instruction in gunnery. The questions at issue are whether Mr Murray was autho rised to make extra experiments after the programme for the day had been completed, and as to how far Captain Maudeville is reponsible for the accident by being ab sent from liis ship during such dangerous proceedings. If Mr Murray was autho rised to continue the experiments on board a valuable vessel, and. thereby to endanger the lives of men in the Government service, while at the same time the officer in charge of the ship was absent, it is a proof that tbero is something very defective in the management of our marine forces. If he was not so authorised, he should bo severely punished for exceeding his duty, and tho discipline maintained., by Captain Maude ville is still condemned by the fact that it was possible for Mr Murray to carry on his proceedings and obtain the assistance of officers aud men to assist him. In the first case, supposing Mr Murray to be authorised as first stated, it was obviously unwiso for Captain Mandeville to absent himself from the ship while such experiments were pro ceeding, for Mr Murray apparently had free access to the magazine and could use the explosives in as large quantities as he chose, and the Captain should have felt that the safety of the vessel and of the men re quired that lie should bo present .to restrain the ardor of the electrician. But he was not present, and under the cireumstauces it is a wonder that the ship and all on board were not destroyed, instead of a small boat with half a dozen men in it. It may bo that the calamity would not have been averted if the captain had been at his post, bu.t in that case he would not have been liable to a charge of negligence, and the . public would have been better' satisfied to accept the catastrophe as an accident pure aud simple. Captain Mandeville has asked for a' full inquiry into the matter, and it is hoped that hisroquest will bo granted ; at the same time it may be mentioned that the public are not so anxious to know whether tho explosion was caused by the fouling of the wires, by the imperfect filling of the flask, or by the use of wet dynamite and gun cottou, as to ascertain whether the discipline of the ship is of so loose a charac ter as would appear by the circumstances attending this lamentable occurrence. Tho Suez mail steamer Bokhara arrived at Albany on Thursday evening, and is ex pected in Hobson's Bay to-morrow. A cricket match is to bo played at Home- busk on Saturday between second elevens of the scholars attending the Avoca and Homebush schools. Tho followtng are the names of the boys selected to do battle for the honor of the Avoca school A. Ham- mill, G. Arkins, J. Arnold, O. Fenton, J. Kearnoy, W. Thomas, A. Woods, J. Wolstenholme, J. Cook, W. Smith. - It will be remembered that some months ago Mrs. Catchpole, of the Natte Yallock road, was fined £25 by the local bench for sly-grog selling. The peculiar circum stances under which tho conviction was obtained, and the doubt which existed as to whether Mrs Catchpole was really guilty of the offence, induced a number of residents to forward a petition to the Minister of Justice praying for a remission of tho pe nalty. We hear that au answer to this has been received to the eft'oct that tho fine has beeu reduced to £1. Licensing magistrates for this district have been gazetted as follows: — Landsbo- rougli, Messrs John Wilson and J. E. An drews ; Lexton, Messrs Robertson and Fairlic. Applications under the Land Act ap proved : — For licenses— Joseph Gaylard, Moyreisk ; Michael Wlielan, Redbank ; Joseph Lowe, Navarre. Tenders are invited for the supply of 70-1 telegraph poles between Stawell and Murtoa. Specifications may be seen at the Avoca post office. A local land board will be held at the Court House, Avoca, on Thursday next at two p.m. The applications to be considered are the following : — S. Townsing, 178 acres, Gleulogie ; Samuel Black, ISa. 3r. 31p., part of allotment 57, Yekrip ; S. Hamilton. 10 acres, part of allotment 24, section Z, Amphitheatre ; Mary Dean, Glenmona, for transfer of late F. Gilfillan's 49tli sectiou license. It may not be known to all persons iu the district that periodically the Education De partment makes an examination into the average attendance at the State schools, with the object of re-arranging the number of teachers for each, and oil this occasion the schools which have not kept their average attendance up to a certain standard have the number of teachers reduced. The time for making the allotment of teachers is approaching, and it is feared that in con sequence of the recent Exhibition excursions several schools in the district will show a greatly reduced attendance for this quarter. It is therefore necessary, to prevent a re duction iu the 'teaching power, that all parents should make an effort to send their children to school as regularly as possiblo in order to make up the average attendance to tiie required standard before the quarter closes. As the complaint is frequently made that tho schools are not too liberally supplied with teaching power, those parents who do not wish to have the number of teachers still f urtlier reduced should give this matter earnest attention. The committee of Shire councillors appointed to search for stone for the Natte Aallock road proceeded on their mission on Friday last, accompanied by the Engineer, aud we hear that their search was rewarded by the discovery of stone which will be suitable for the purpose, and within two miles of tho works. Fresh tenders for the construction of the road are therefore in vited by advertisement in this issue, and it is now hoped that tho work may be per formed within the scope of tho Council's finances. Tenders are also invited for sup plying timber and maintenance metal, and 1 for sinking well aud erecting pump at Moonarnbel. For several days past a bush fire has been raging in the Pyrenees, in the neigh borhood of Mount Cole, and judging by the glare which it showed last night a great destruction of timber must be pro ceeding. There was also a reflection on the sky last night as of a large fire iu the direction of Maryborough. While in Maryborough on Saturday we were shown a very handsome specimen of the silversmith's art iu the shape of a Queensland bean made into a match-box and beautifully mounted with fern leaves and filigree in silver. The work has been performed by Mr. Wilks, jeweller, to the order of Mr. H. T. Walters, of Carisbrook, and is intended for presentation to Dr. Su- therland, of Dunolly, in recognition of the skill displayed by that gentleman in treat ing Mr. Walters' sou. We have seen se veral other specimens of Mr. Wilks' work- in both gold and silver, which for beauty of design and excellence in execution could not be surpassed by the most famous jewel ler of London. We observe that, the Dunolly people have started a fire brigade for their town. At a meeting held for the purpose on Wednesday last there were ten persons present. Mr. Virtue stated that he had waited upon the Mayor, aud from his remarks had gathered that the Borough Council would give the brigade its patronage and provide it with all necessary appliances. A motion was then carried establishing the brigade, and the entrance fee for membership was fixed at 2s 6d. Mr. E. P. Virtue was appointed secretary jrro tern, and it was resolved to write to the Melbourne and Maryborough brigades for rules. A meeting to enroll members will'be held on Wednesday next. The third day's racing of the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting took place on Saturday. The second Nursery Handicap was won by Coreeua, Darebiu second, and Tourmaliue third. Aspen took the Newmarket Handi cap, Waterford and Terrific being 'placed. Grand Flaneur secured tho Town Plate, with Sweetmeat and Progress second and third. The All Aged Stakes were carried off by Wellington, and Twilight took the Steeplechase. The meeting concluded with the Handicap for three aud four year olds, which was won by Marchioness, Cynic second, aud Western Princess third. The cricket, match between the Australian Eleven and a combined team from Victoria and New South Wales was commenced on Friday, and was not concluded wheu the stumps were drawn last night. At present the game looks favorablo for the combina tion. Alarming distress prevails amongst the miners and their families at Wallend. The Hamilton and Platts burg muuicipal coun cils hare appoiuted committees lo collect subscriptions in aid of them. Over 4000 sheep were distroyed in tho Bathurst district during the past year by native dogs. Mr. J. J. Casey has announced that pro fessional engagements will prevent him from becoming a candidate at. the Maldon election, The report of the Board appointed: to draw up a scheme for the classification and appointment of teachers has been published. The principal recommendations are the fol lowing " Appointments to be free from Ministerial, political, and departmental in fluence. This is effected by- making pro-' motion entirely dependent on length of ser vice, literary qualification, and absence of unfavorable reports. When . the proper lists are published, every" teacher will know exactly when his turn for promotion comes. The highest incomes to be some what reduced, and all female teachers to receive one-fith less than a male teacher in the corresponding position, but female teachers will uot bo classified abovo the third class. Teachers are to be divided into five classes, at salaries ranging, from £280 per annum for the first class" to £80 per annum for the fifth class, and these amounts may be augmented by a sum equal to ono- half of the salary obtainable by way of re sults and by annual increments for stated periods. The present positions and claims of teachers aro to be conserved as far as practicable. A saving of about £7000 will bo effected in the first year, and after two or three years the expense of the .present staff of teachers will be about the same as at present, but will not afterwards be fur ther increased except by increasing the number of teachers. The board, however, point out that undor the scheme submitted exceptional ability and aptitude for teaching cannot be adequately recognised, and that promotion being by seniority there will be less inducement for teachers to display zeal. It is suggested that tho appointment of a board commanding the confidence of the public and the teachers, to whom might be entrusted the dealing with vacancies and promotions, with discretionary power, might remove these difficulties. At a meeting of the Society for the Pre vention of Cruelty to Animals, held on Thursday, a circular from the Sydney society, condemning the practice of burn ing horses' mouths for lampas, was pre sented to the meeting. The hon. veterinary surgeon, Mr. C. Mason, stated that lie quite concurred iu the condemnatory state ments of the practice contained in this cir cular, and gave as his opinion that in Vic toria much gross cruelty was inflicted on horses through the senseless practice of fir ing for lampas. Unusual sport (says the Warrnambool Ex aminer) fell to the rod of one or two gentle men fishing on the Hopkins last Friday. In fishing deep for large bream one of them booked a good-sized octopus fairly in the centre of the back. The ugly monster was treated with care, and for some time it af forded good sport, whilst giving its captors an opportunity of observing its movements in the water. It was at length towed to a place where its destruction was ensured. An octopus of tho size described would make an unpleasant acquaintance for a timid bather The' profits of the Melbourne Woollen Mill for the last six mouths amounted to £275 13s 4d. Hobart Pasha lias been, appointed by the Sultan to the Presidency of the Admiralty Board, which gives him supreme control over the fleet. No Christian hgs hitherto held such high rank in the Tukisii service. The Australian Eleven will play another match in Victoria, prior to disbanding, against a fifteen chosen from the Melbourne, East Melbourne, and South Melbourne cricket clubs, on the M.C.C. ground, ou Eridav, Saturday, aud Monday, ISth, 19th, and 2ist of March. The Borough Inspector of Ararat it ap pears had caused some work for the local police court. In pursuance of his duty he ! had impounded a number of geese found I wandering in the township, and confined j them at tiie rear of the Town Hall. These j were to he released by the owners on pay- ; rnont of sixpcuce each as trespass fees, but I the difficulty of identifying the birds has I resulted in some persons releasing the wroug j birds, and it is said that others who never I owned a feather have made claims and ob- j tained geese for sixpence each. The j Advertiser says: — At present the affair is 1 very much mixed up, few being able to j identify their own birds, and in order to ! put matters straight it is probable that more than one case will como before the local court. Measles has been very prevalent at Ararat of late, not less than 300 cases having been treated. Scarlatina of a mild type has now brokou out. The will of the late Mr. James Black wood was proved in the supreme court ou Thursday; the amount of property .left by the deceased was sworn at £99,000. The will of the late Mr. Thos. Napier was also proved, the estate being valued at £52,600. j The Opposition met in caucus on Thurs- j day to elect a leader in place of Mr. Ser- \ vice, who is en route for Europe. Mr. Murray Smith it will be remembered, was requested to take charge of the Opposition business as a temporary arrangement a few days ago. The Hon. member will now con tinue to lead, in association with Mr. J. G. Francis, who has beeu asked and who has agreed to co-operate with the member for Boroondara. The Boers make officer shootinr a sneci- alty, and the oStli is now commanded by a sub-lieutenant, all his superiors having been killed. " Nearly £800 lias been contributed to the fund for the relief of M'Carthy, the poor fellow who recently lost his wife and several members of liis family by a terrible bush fire at Franklin Harbor. An Iudian named Hoyefc committed deli berate suicide at Temora. He kept au eat ing house, which was not remunerative. He cut his throat, and then threw a rope across the limb of a tree, under which he had erected a wooden platform, and hanged himself. Miss Loutit, daughter of a Sydney com- mision agent, while stepping from a dog cart at North Shore,- caught her dress in the step and fell on her head, aud was killed. Messrs Fulton aud Youldou are collect ing subscriptions in Maryborough to erect a tombstone over the grave of the late Dr. Julian. "Fischer, the victim of the attempted murder at Eeyeuk," the Mortlake Dispatch states, " is now out of danger,, and progress ing rapidly towards recovery. Over 150 grains of shot have been actually counted as having entered his head, arms, body aud. leg, and it is probable that he has received over 200 altogether. His escape from death under the circumstances may be regarded as almost miraculous. Both eyes hare been injured, the sliot haviug grazed one eye and penetrated the ball of the other." The Hamilton Spectator records an unsuccessful, but culpable,, attempt to frighten a resident of Hamilton by " play ing ghost" before him, as he was riding home at night. The proposed victim, how- ever, had been warned, and was equal to the encounter. The ghost duly appeared, and seemed about 7 feet in height, dressed in white garments, in the centre of the road. The intended victim saicl no thing, but got off his horse, . went straight for the ghost, and giving him a dig in the stomach, -and calling out for a certain Hamilton policeman, several - persons took to their heels and were very soon out of sight. Had, the intended .vitffim . not been warned, or had any ladies happened to be ; walking along the road, tiie consequences might have been serious. There has been, an outburst of patriotism ' in Adelaide. Three hundred volunteers, led by Moodie, the flagellator of our Hon. A. T. Clarke, have offered their services to Her Majesty to fight the Boers iu the Trans vaal. The reply, sent in the jerky manner "peculiar to telegrams, intimates that Her Majesty is most gratified by the patriotic spirit evinced, etc., etc., but the offer is de clined with thanks. \- The writ for the Maldon election has been issued. Nominations must be made on Friday next, and in the event of a contest the polling will take place on the 18th. A telegram in the Age states that up wards of 700 farmers have joined the Co-operative Company at Kiama, New South Wales, for the sale of dairy and farm produce. It is proposed that the capital be £10,000, and that the company commence operations in May. A man named James Riley was killed by lightning at Majorca during the storm which occurred on Wednesday. It is stated that he was carrying a cross-cut saw at the time, and this is supposed to haveat- tracted the electric fluid. A man named Stumbke committed sui cide at Sydney on Saturday by jumping from a window 90 feet high. A meeting of the ratepayers of the west riding of the shire of Tullaroop, residing or holding property within three miles of Dtvyer's bridge, Wareek, is summoned to to be held ou Thursday next, for the pur pose of allowing the ratepayers to express their opinion regarding the proposed water conservation in Rubie's paddock. In the annual report of the experimental farm in Soutli Australia, the overseer states, as the result of experiment, that pickling with salt and lime is far preferable to blue- stone for preventing red rust. In reply to Mr. Mirams, the Chief Secre- tar stated in the Assembly on Thursday night that it was uot the intention of the Government tins session to bring in a bill imposing a duty on imported freestone, with a view to the development of Vic torian freestone. But in any revision of the tariff he would include a duty on that material. An inquest was held at Ballarat on Fri day, on the body of a man named Vining. who was killed by a bucket falling down the shaft of the Keep-it-Dark Tribute Com pany. It was found that there had been negligence on the part of the braceman, but not enough to warrant a committal. A female child, about a year old, was found on Friday night on the doorstep of the house occupied by Mr Hosking, the town missionery of Ballarat. On Thursday in the Assembly Mr. Barr presented a petition from miuers residing at Talbot and Maryborough, against the abolition of mining boards. Amongst the last batch of Communists just returned to France is one Auiist, now a lunatic. During the last fighting day of of the Commune lie was driving sheep and pigs to market in the suburbs of Paris, when he was accosted by a captain of the Communists flying for his life, and who offered his great coat with gaudy gold trimmings to the shepherd iu exchange for his old overcoat. A few hours later some cavalry scouring the country arrested the daw with borrowed feathers, and lie was summarily sentenced to transportation for life by the court martial. He put in ten years. The prevalent fashion of utilising coins of the realm by having them converted into articles of jewellery, is said to. be occupy ing the attention of the Government, whose attention we Understand has been drawn to the matter by the authorities of the Royal Mint. Whether tiie law respecting tho prohibition of mutilation or defacing of cur- ! rent coinage applies in this instance, we | are uot'aware, hut if it does, many members of the fair sex will stand a cliauce of hav ing their jewellery rudely confiscated. — Ballarat Bust. Just at the present moment, when a large number of people are suffering from in fluenza, a cheap and efficacious remedy may perhaps be acceptable. The remedy is (says the Ararat Advertiser) to chew ' a leaf from a gum tree. We do not claim for the cure the merit of any surprising novelty, as an extract from the eucalyptus has for some time been considered of great medicinal value in cases of colds, fevers, &c.;, but it may not be so generally known that the therapeutic, qualities of the leaf are most pronounced wheu simply masti cated. We can state on the most reliable authority that severe attacks of influenza have at once yielded to this novel treatment. Duriug the past few days a raid has been made upon the blue gums at Market Square, aud at the present rate the legally qualified medical practitioner and the equally quali fied vendor of poteuts will soon be at a discount. The old phrase of " taking French leave" when something is removed surreptitiously will also soon have its counterpart in " taking gum leaf" to expedi tiously remove a cold. One sufferer to whom the remedy was recommended, and who in the course of a couple of hours had almost forgotten the manner of sneeziug aud had quite given up his fashionable cough, met the gentlemau who bad been instrumental in his relief, and wheu asked how he felt, remarked, with pertinent lacouism, " Cured — by gum." Father Henueberry, a missionary priest, during the course of a sermon he preached in Portlaud last Sunday week, used the followiug remarkable words : — " The per mission giveu by the Devil," said he, "to lie indiscriminately, is a common price for an immortal soul : thousands of men are in hell for that crime, and I believe there are twice as many women there." It is need less to say the statement " brought down the house." Mr Thomas George Bates, a commercial traveller, who was seriously injured by the railway accident at Beaufort, has issued a writ against the Board of Laud and Works, through Mr Emmerson, his solicitor, for the recovery of £3,000 as compensation. The Railway Department offered to pay Mr Bates £700 and all medical expenses, but the offer was refused, and as terms could not be agreed upon, the present proceedings have been taken. The Board of Land and W orks have entered au appearance, but it is not probable that the action will be tried before next term. A frightful railway accident haspened at eleven o'clock on Sunday morning at the Dooen railway station, resulting in the death of a repairer named James Sproule, aged 40 years. The deceased was also an assistant ou a water train, which supplies all the gate houses with water ou Sundays. The train was wearing the Dooen railway station when a spout of one of the tanks fell off the truck. The deceased was in the act of jumping off the truck, when he lost his balance and fell underneath the wheels, which passed over both legs be low the knees, crushing all the bones iu the lower extremities. He also sustained a se vere injury to the chest. Sproule was con veyed by the same train to Horsham, aud admitted to the hospital about twelve o clock. Dr. Steel was called and promptly attended, but immediately pronounced the case hopeless. The doctor remained in con stant attendance up till the time of Sproule's death, which occurred at about a quarter PSsfc four the same afternoon. Deceased re- sidi s at Glenorchy, and leaves a wife and five children. No blame is attached to anv one, - 