ARRIVAL OF SIR G. C. STRAHAN. -. Sir George Cumine Strahan, K.C.M.G., the new Governor of Tasmania, set foot for the first time in Hobart yesterday, and the ceremonies which accom- panied his arrival in this colony, and his assump- tion of the position of Her Majesty the Queen's representative in this island were extremely cordial and hearty, and were of such a character as to bo a matter for congratulation, not only to our now Governor, but to the residents in this city and colonists generally. The members of the Govern- ment, the representatives of the people in both Houses of the Legislature, our City Fathers, and tho citizens themselves united for the purpose of giving Sir G. C. Strahan such a reception as would show the allegiance of Englishmen resident in a distant land, and of the inhabitants of an English colony to a country to which they owe so much, and with, which they are connected by so many bonds, Tho day was beautifully fine, and the programme was gone through without any untoward incident happening to mar the harmony of the proceedings, if we except an accident to the driver of an omnibus, whose plucky conduct saved some ohildren from serious injury. A few particulars as to Sir G. C. Strahan's past career will doubtless prove of interest. Born in the year 1838, he is, of course, in the very prime of life, and yet has already had considerable experi- ence in administration. He entered the Artillery in 1857, and within two years obtained an appoint- ment, not of great apparent importance, and yet of the greatest value to a young and perhaps ambitious man, for it brought him for a short period into daily intercourse with one of the greatest minds of the age - William Ewart Gladstone - to whom, then High Commissioner of the Ionian Isles (since ceded by England to Greece), he became aide-de camp. It is more than possible that Mr. Gladstone then recognised the ability of his young protegí, and perhaps has in later years endorsed his first favourable appreciation. In the same year he was appointed in a similar capacity to Sir Henry Storks, under whom he served tor several years, accom- panying bim to Jamaica in 1865, when Sir Henry was appointed President of the Commission to enquire into the disturbances which took place in that island during the administration of Governor Eyre. After this experience of Western life, the young officer again returned to the Mediterranean, being appointed to the Chief Secretaryship of the Government of Malta. His sojourn in this island, which is one of the most elaborately defended possessions of the British Crown, would give him practical acquaint- ance and knowledge far above that obtained in the ordinary routine of military life, of what defences are and should be. Returning to the Western Hemisphere, he became Colonial Secretary for the Bahamas, and after two or three years, namely in 1871, acting Governor of those islands. This appointment he held till May, 1873. At the Bahamas he did good service in furthering important movements for the social improvement and welfare of the people. Appointed Administrator of the Go- vernment of Lagosin 1873, he was, about a year later,, moved to a sphere of operations in which tact, ability, and wisdom were needed ; and, if a man be judged by the results of his work, certainly Sir George Strahan was equal to the demands made upon him. Those acquainted with the circum- stances of the Gold Coast Settlement, having ia ita vicinity the brave and powerful Ashantee kingdom of savages, and in and about its borders cowardly and weak tribes, ready to appeal to the British for protection when threatened by the Ashantees, and to desert them on the first opportunity when our forces have marched to their assistance, will under- stand some of the difficulties Sir George had to contend with and overcome. But there was the great question of slavery to be dealt with. Slavery was a national and time honoured institution when the new Governor arrived at the Gold Coast ; before he departed it had ceased to exist, for it was during his administration that the great abolition of slavery in that territory took place ; and, to his honour be it said, he waa principally connected with the movement by which three quarters of a million men, women, and children cast off their shackles, and stood before the world no longer bond, hut free. He was also able to promote the thorough reorganisation of the local government. He was in 1870 appointed Governor of the Windward Islands, and, as has been already stated in this paper, more recently became Administrator of Cape Colony pending the arrival of Sir Hercules Robinson. So that Sir George Strahan's administrative experience has been of a varied, as his career has been of a, successful character. THE ARRIVAL. The first notification of the near approach of the Southern Cross, having on board Sir G. C. Strahan, was given about 7 a.m., when the steamer having been sighted from Mount Nelson a flag was hoisted; on the Battery Point staff. From a comparatively early hour the wharves and shipping were un- wontedly astir, preparations going forward for the appropriate dressing of the vessels in port in honour of the representative of Queen Victoria. At theo west side of the Brooke-street pier lay the neat steamer Minx, decked out with a profusion of bunting, and getting up steam for her trip down the river to give Sir George an advance greeting, Further along, at the same pier, lay the handsome little steamer Pinafore, which had been engaged to convey the Premier (Hon. W. R. Giblin), the Master Warden (Mr. W. Tarleton), the Health Officer (Dr. Turnley), and the Harbour Master (Capt. Riddle), down the river to meet the Southern Cross. The last few days had furnished good ground for the hope that the occasion would be favoured with fine weather. It will be remembered how çold,, rainy, and comparatively dismal was the weather on the day Sir, J. H. Lefroy landed here ; and as contributing not only to the enjoyment of all taking part in the welcome and reception of Sir G. C. Strahan, but also as enabling him to form a just first impression of a portion of the land he is to rule, and the city that will form his home for the next six years, it is cause for hearty gratulation that a better order of things prevailed yesterday. From daybreak there was every promise of true Tas- manían - that is, beautiful weather ; and the expectations raised were not disappointed. In the early morning the sky was cloudless, save for the fleecy lines of white drift, and heat-rollers, if we may be allowed to use so unscientific a term, that here and there flecked the depths of deep blue ; and the sun shone out with summerlike warmth. A few minutes before 8 the Master Warden and the Premier - the absence of all the other Ministers was remarked - drove down to- gether to the Brooke-street pier, and having been , joined by the Health Officer and the Harbour- master, went on board the Pinafore. By the cour- tesy of Mr. Tarleton, our representative accom- panied the party. At 8 o'clock, lines of flags, were hoisted upon the shipping in the harbour, and a couple of minutes afterwards the Pinafore, flying the ensign of the Hobart Marine Board, steamed away. At 22 minutes past 8, immediately after passing Sandy Bay Point, those on board the Pina- fore sighted the Southern Cross, then off Half- Moon Bay, and advancing very slowly up the river. The steamers met between South Arm and Crayfish Point, and, keeping on the port side of the Southern Cross, the Pinafore went alongside. The ladder having been lowered in readiness, the Heath Officer ascended to the deck of the Tasmanian Co's fine steamer, and put the passengers and crew through the usual inspection. The non-medical passengers remained on the Pinafore deck till after two or three minutes had elapsed, the tedium of waiting was broken by the cabalistic words "All's well," or their equiva- lent, and the Premier ascended to the deck of the Southern Cross, followed by Mr. Tarleton. The incoming Governor, who was attended by the Hon. W. Wallop, his private secretary, had in the mean- time advanced to the port side of the poop, and he was at once greeted by the Hon. W. R. Giblin, who, having introduced himself, welcomed Sir George to Tasmania. The hon. gentleman then introduced the Master Warden, and general con- ^ versation was entered into. The Pinafore had by this time cast off, and the Southern Cross was pro- \ ceeding slowly up the river. In answer to an enquiry from the Premier, Sir George said he had thoroughly enjoyed his passage across. They had a thunderstorm to start with, but that was soon over, and since then the weather had been beautiful. When opposite Proctor's Hill, the Minx, which had followed the Pinafore from the Franklin Wharf, came up. The Artillery Band was on board, under the leadership of Herr Schott, and immediately struck up the National Anthem, during the playing of which the Vice-Regal party stood bare- headed. Three cheers, cordially given, followed from the passengers on board the Minx, which Sir George acknowledged by raising his hat, The Minx waited on the Southern Cross for some distance, after which it forged ahead, in order to arrive at the wharf in sufficient time to allow the passengers to witness the landing. During the passage up the river, the Premier directed Sir George's attention to the various objects of interest in sight. The scene from the deck of the Southern Cross was very striking. The broad, sweeping river, the well-wooded hills on either bank, the Devil's Backbone Range and Mount Direction to the right front, Mount Nelson on the left and Mount Wellington on the left front, with the churches, buildings, houses, and gardens of Hobart nestling at the foot of the latter, made up a coup d'aeil that might be surpassed for beauty by Sydney's famous harbour, but could not be equalled by it for grandeur. Government House, standing out on its prominent and commanding position at the bend of the river, naturally aroused considerable curiosity among the new arrivals ; who could not fail to be struck with its noble appearance. At the entrance to the harbour a scene presented itself that could not have been well excelled for effective prettiness, though the bunting floating from the flagstaffs on Battery Point, and from the Iines of the English yacht at anchor in mid-channel had given more than an inkling of what lay ahead. The harbour at the present time is unusually well- stocked with fine vessels, and from one and all of these flags of a variety of colours and style were floating gaily in the breeze. Besides the Colonial and British vessels in port, all of which made a brave show of bunting, the Swedish brig Galathea, to the left, and the American whaling barque Emma F. Herriman, to the right, were well decorated; but the most effective displays were those made by the s.s. Tasman and the English vessel Ethel, which, to speak nautically, were rainbowed, the lines of flags running from stem to stern, and describing a com- plete half-circle. Flags hung from the windows of the old Ordnance Stores and other buildings on the New Wharf; while in front could be seen the scarlet uniforms of the guard of honour stationed on the Elizabeth-street pier, and hundreds of expectant colonists lining the roadway and its approaches, and crowding the vessels nearest the place of debarkation. The Southern Cross steamed to the west berth of the pier named, her sister steamer the Tasman occupying the eastern. It was exactly half-past 9 when the hauling alongside was complete, and a gangway having been opened, the following gentlemen immediately came on board, and were successively introduced by the Premier to Sir G. C. Strahan:- The Colonial Secretary (Hon. W Moore), the Colonial Treasurer (Hon. John StokelI Dodds), the Minister of Lands (Hon. C. O'Reilly), the Inspector of Police (Mr. John Swan), Colonel Angelo, Mr. George Lefroy, and the Assistant Colonial Secretary (Mr. Solly). Sir George then walked ashore, and proceeded with the Premier along the pier. The guard of honour, which was furnished by the T.V.R.R., presented arms, and the band played six bars of a slow march, as is customary at the reception of a distinguished personage, Sir George not having yet assumed the Governorship. The gallant officer stopped in front of the guard, and gave its members a critical glance. It numbered 55, all told, and was under thw command of Captain O'Boyle, Lieut. L.out., A. Reid bearing the Queen's Colour. Staff-Officer Captain Boddam, Major Cook, Captain Aikenhead, and Serceant-Majors Alderton and Brears were also present. Sir George passed down the ranks, and carefully inspected the men, and we think we shall not err in stating that he was not disappointed at what he saw of a portion of the defending force of Tasmania. On the gangway of the steamer Tasman stood the Mayor of Hobart, the hon. Dr. Smart, and other gentlemen, and the first-named at this juncture called for "Three cheers for Sir George Strahan," which were enthusiastically given, the fine soldierly presence, open, manly face, and noble bearing of that gentleman having made an instantaneous and most favourable impression on the popular mind. His Worship, accom- panied by Dr. Smart, then descended to the pier, and both gentlemen, were introduced by the Premier to Sir George, who then, amidst the renewed cheering of the hundreds who had assembled to welcome him, walked to the end of the pier, where, together with the Hon. W. Wallop, he entered the carriage, placed at his disposal by Mr. Cecil Parsons, of Boa Vista, and was at once driven to Government House, proceeding by way of Macquarie street, To the repeated acclamations of the populace he again and again bowed his acknow- ledgments ; and thus ended the informal welcome of the new Governor, a welcome that for heartiness and enthusiasm has equalled any over received by Vice-Regal representatives who have come to live in our midst. Across the lower part of Elizabeth-street, from Messrs. Watchorn and Son to Mr. J. E. Risby's office, a line of flags was suspended, under which the incoming Governor passed en route for his residence. We may supplement the remark made by Sir George as to the passage, by stating that the thunderstorm he referred to occurred when the steamer was going down Hobson's Bay, lasting about an hour. Swan Island was passed about 1 p.m. on Tuesday, and yesterday morning Captain Lewis, who was in command of the steamer (Captain Capurn being laid up by illness), gave Sir George an early call, and the latter was up in time to view Cape Pillar and Tasman's Island, which were passed about 4 a.m. It is only just to add that Sir George was highly pleased with the excellent accommoda- tion afforded himself and suite on board the Southern Cross. The captain's or ladies' cabin on deck was placed at his disposal, but he preferred a cabin below; and occupied No. 18. He took his meals at the general table, and by his affabilility and courtesy won the hearts of all with whom he came in contact. On His Excel- lency's landing from the steamer, the Hon. W. R. Giblin introduced Mr. E. J. Freeman, manager of the T.S.N. Co., to whom the Governor expressed his thanks for the arrangements made for his com- fort on board the Southern Cross. His Excellency specially desired to thank Captain Lewis, his officers, and stewards, for the courtesy and consi- deration shown him by them during the passage, which had proved most enjoyable. He had re- ceived every attention, and was much pleased with everything. The guard of honour had assembled in Franklin Square at 830, and thence marched down to the pier, where they formed up at 9, the band enliven- ing the half-hour that elapsed before the arrival of the honoured of the day, by playing a selection of music. After the reception the men were marched back to the square and there dismissed. The police arrangements at the landing place were com- plete, Superintendent Pedder, with 25 of the city police, and C.D.C. Quodling, with 11 of the terri- torial force, being on the ground, not indeed to pre- serve order, for that was preserved by the public themselves, not a single incident occurring to mar the harmonious and gratifying character of the wel- coming proceedings. PUBLIC ENTRY INTO THE CITY. The formal entry of Sir Geo. C. Strahan within the city boundaries was perhaps the event fraught with the greatest interest to citizens generally. Great preparations had been made to appropriately mark the occasion, For days past workman had been engaged erecting the scaffolding of an arch near the corners of Liverpool and Park streets, marking the confine of the city on that side. Carts laden with green boughs had deposited their loads, there, and by yesterday morning the skeleton struct- ture had been clothed with leaves and flowers. The progress of the work had been watched with interest by many, and by afternoon the handsome erection was completed, and with its dark green foliage, brightened by the many-coloured flags and trophies set on places of vantage, presented a very beautiful sight, and one worthy of the occasion which it celebrated, The arch was of about the same dimensions as the one erected at the reception of Sir Henry Lefroy, but the City Surveyor, having on this occasion more time at his disposal, was enabled to bestow greater attention to its creation. The arch may be termed Gothlc in design, and had a central and two side openings. The decorations showed tastw and experience on the part of the designer, and deservedly won the general praise. The main arch was bordered with a blue lattice work on a white ground, with a maroon portcullis curtain edged with old gold. The lattice work also bordered the side avenues, over which were placed ornamental shields, ela- borately edged by flowers, producing a very artistic effect against the dark green leaves. In the spandrils of the main arch were inserted medallions bearing the Royal monogram in gold, on an azure field, and surrounded by wreaths of flowers, worked by Mrs. Marks, of the Town Hall. Surmounting the main arch was on each side a representation of field ordnance, with full equipment, very effectively placed, and suggestive of the fact that our new Governor is an officer of the Royal Artillery. Below this, and over the parapet of the whole arch, were placed trophies of flags. Pennants were flying from each point, and high above all floated the Union Jack. The motto "Welcome," in gold letters, stood out boldly from a crimson ground, extended above the central archway. Suspended from the centre of the arch, by gold cords, was a beautiful basket of scarlet geraniums and white lilies, interwoven with shafts of grass, the whole elegantly put together by Mr. J. H. Jenkins, florist. On either side of this basket suspended by gold cords a beautiful St. Andrew's Cross, also worked in lilies and geraniums. These were made by some of the officers of the Corporation, whose taste and skill were much aided by the more artistic perception and dexterous fingers of members of the fairer sex. Such was the arch in detail, and looking at the whole structure, the taste, good design, and workmanship shown in it were fully deserving of the very warm admiration bestowed by citizens, and reflected great credit on Mr. James, the City Surveyor, and the Corporation employees who, by their efforts, did much despite adverse circum- stances to uphold the good name of our city for loyalty to Her Majesty by the greeting extended to her representatives in our colony. The Main Line Railway Co. had three lines of flags from their flag post, one across the roadway, and one on either side of the post. On one line of flags was the word "Welcome," and on the other were the letters T.M.L.R. in the "Commercial Signal Code." The High School had also hoisted a flag over its build- ings. A general half-holiday had been proclaimed, and the citizens in the afternoon thronged the streets leading to were the arch had been erected. Jjiltle knots of people were gathered waiting lang before the time of the anticipated display, beneath the shelter qf the trees on the grassy ilope of tbo J»omsiii,-and as the hour for Hil Excellency's arrual drew nearer, the vicinity of the arch was <*°»d»dfwitb.,aidense mais of men, women, and el*«^'aUtoei hnawrredly bearwg^ <£nt$r°g and inconvenience to which they wero mutually subjected Superintendent Pedder, who occupied tho important position of marshal, rodo up to tho arch at about 2 30, and was soon nftem arda followed bv a dctaohmont of tho city police under Sub Inspector Connor They, of courso, took up position on tho city sido, lcav ing the territorial police, undor CDC Quodling to guard their district on tho othor sida III o men were extended on either side of the street, in open order, and did, with urbanity, tho little necessary to keep tho spectators in order At a quarter to 3 o'clock, the Artillery liegimont, commanded by Major Crowther, and headed by its baud under Herr Schott.Mcrc marchid up Kio Rifle Raiment, looking very military and gay in their crimson tunics, and bearing the Queen's and Regimental Colours, followed, commanded by Major 1* 0 Fysli, and headed by its band uuder Mr Nat Hall is Both regiments took up position on the roadway, reidy to lead off the procession, and what with then uniforms, tho glitter in tho bui light of their bayonets, and equally bright, though more peaceful, brasa musical instruments, they made a very bnlliint display Mointiine, n column of ghost liko figures, spectres abroad in full daylight, had wended their way down Macquarie street, idd having, in tho manner of a strong contrast, at their head tho band of the Mastodon minstrels to cheer their chilly souls with tho strains of "Oft m the stilly night " As they carno nearer it was dis covered that this was tho Most Ancient Ordor of Druids, tho hiL,u priests mounted upon steeds, and bearing tho emblematic Bicklo, and tho ngod fathers, with hoary beards, follón mg in meek procession Ihcn the order of Oddfellows, with tho insignia of membership and oifico upon their persons, and then tbo HibormauSociety, who, with good tasto in theso troublous times, joined in tha welcomo to tho now Administrator of tho Government m our island iho national colour of Ireland fittingly occupied a placo in tho loyal greeting given to Her Majesty's representative yes terday I hu Mayor (Mr Jas Harcourt) and alder men of tho city were now driven up His Worship being accompanied by his Chaplain in collegiate giru, and tho 'town Clerk in his gonn of otuco His Worship was arrayed in the Mayoral gown, his gorgeous robes and brilliant gold collar exciting tho admiration of tho worthy citizens, and putting his aldermen in their antiquo coats quito in the shade A fow minutes afterwards there was a general craning of necks, and "Hero they como" was tho cry A carnago drawn by a dashing pair of horses carno it a good round paco down the hill, folio» ed by another containing members of the Ministry Aathey passed tbo Druids, their baud struck up "God Save tho Queen " lho Mayor and his alacrmou had alighted and waited at tho right hand side of the principal archway Tho carriage was quickly drawn up, and with a hearty choer the citnons of Hobart welcomed Sir George C Strahan to one of tho oldest of Her Majesty's cities in these her Australian colonies 'sir George wore tho Windsor uniform, with the ordii of St Michael and St George, he was accompanied by the Premier, aud attendod by tho Hou Wm Wallop, his aido do camp 'Ino carnage having boen drawn up beneath tho arch, tho Mu ok advanced, and Bald Your excellency, permit me in tho name and on the behalf of the citizens of Hobart to offer you a moat hearty and cordial welcome to tbo capital of the colony of lasmania lho citizens whom I havo tho honour to represent are always glad of an opportunity of shuwiug their loyalty and dovotion to their Sovereign, and their respeet for Her Majesty s representativo I desire also to congratu- late you ou your ni mat amongst us safely, and m good health Onco moro allow mo to offer you a hearty welcome to Hobart His Excki li Ncv, in reply, said Mr Mayoi and gentlemen, I thank you mobt cordially for the wcl como you havo aocorded mo, aud trust that the favourablo circumstances of tho day and the other surrounding circumstances will be a happy omen of my government iu this.colony. The genial and distinct manner in which these i words wero said met with a responsive echo-in. the hoarts of the citizens, and hearty cheors, whioh wero carried far down tho lines of spectators, wera again givcu for Sir George, At His Excellency's request, Mr. James, the City Surveyor, was introduced to him, and ho com- plimented him on tho artistio beauty of tho arch.' Tho Mayor and aldermen having resumed their Beats, the bands Btruek up, and tho procession,' amid tbo oheers,of tbo people, and the combined but_ not accordant efforts of the throo musioal bodies, moved on towards the Courthouse in tho following order t- , - Tho Artillery Band, under Bnndinastor Schott. > The Artillery Corps, 1 The Rifle Band, under Bandmaster Hallos, ' The Rifle Regiment. , Carriage containing the Master Warden nnd MeBsrs. Justin McCarthy Browne, P. Facy, E. M. i Maxwell, and C. Dowdell. i Carriage containing Messrs. C. H, McRorio and A. T. , _ Stuart, City Auditors. ! ' Carriage containing Aldermen Gregory, ' Belbin, j Brownell, and Maher. j Carriage contamine; Aldermen Burgess, Pike, Sea- brook, and Espie. Cairiage containing tlio Mayor, his Chaplain (Rev, R. D. P. Harris), nnd tho Towu Clerk ' (Mr. H. Wilkinson). Carriage containing His Excellency, tho Premier, and tho Hon. W. Wallop. Carriage containing tho Colonial Treasurer, Colonial Secretary, and Minister of Lands. Carriage containing Colonel Angelo, Captain Boddam, and Captain Aikenhead, Carriago containing Major Cook and Captain Green. Order of Odd Fellows, with banner. Mastodon Band. Ancient Order of Druids, i Hibernian Order. > ? A number of private vehicles followod. Wo bad noarly foigottcn to mention an item iu the show which, iu tho way of decoration, was something not to be forgotten, . It was Patsey and the donkey, both drcBsed in their best. Tho donkey was arrayod after tho manner of an Indian rajah's steed, with an immense not ovor it, the harness of tho sagacious animal being bedecked with Howers. The oart waa also a thing of beauty, tricked out with union Jacka and Howers. * _ | Leaving the aroh, tbo procession, followed by au immenso concourse of pooplo, traversed Liverpool street, the windows, the baloonios, and mauy of tho roofs of the houses on tho way boiug crowded with spectators. Flogs were waving from nearly every house-top, and nearing Walob's corner tho air appeared to bo filled with fluttering spaces of oolour.' From Hanson's to Wilson's, in Liverpool-streot, olino of flags was stretched across tbo street, und flags sT»« olinu.il frnm the windows of tho houBCs'on 'were shown irom ine winuows 01 ino nouses on either side. From duo's to Bailey's another lino of (lags fluttered, and still another from Russell Bros, to Walch's. At Walch's corner, turning into Elizabeth.streot, two lines of streamers and flags of all colours were suspended from Walch and Son's to G. and J. Saber's, and between Anson's and Weaver's two other lines of bunting wore extended.' Messrs. Whitesides and Son, C. Davis, P. Q. FyBh,' J. Russell, and others ou the route had also largo dis playBof bunting. Fromtbescaffoldiug of tho building being erected for tho Australian Mutual aud I'rovi: dent Insurance Co., and from the opposito hotel the national flags were also shown, and turning tho corner iuto Macfjuario- Btroot the Supremo Court- house oarno iuto view, a perfect eruption of flags and boughs. 1 ' THE SWKARIHCMW, For tho ceremony of swearing-in the preparations' wera somowhat similar to those of last year. A very handsome canopy of ferns, evergreens, and flowers, were erected over the steps in front of tho Supremo Court buildings, in Macquarie-strect. This was very neatly and tastefully arranged, and looked exceedingly well. The balustrading was also covered with fern leaves and bunches of evergreen, while' round tho front and sidos handsome treo ferns were artistically arranged. Scores of flags fluttered iu frout of tho Supreme Court, every place where'a polo could bo placed being taken advantage of. The steps were covered with scarlet cloth, Which added a tiuishiug touch to the whole arrangement. Tho swearing-in took placo in tho Supremo Court, tho public-excepting tiioae who possessed tickcta of admission-boing thus debarred from witnessing the ceremony. lu the Supremo Gourf room tho ouly alteration waa tho erection of a platform between tho Judges' dais, and tho barrister«' ¡¡able. N.o ladieB wore admitted to tho court-room, the witnesses' retiring- room and tho executive waitjng-rooin hpjpg placed at their disposal, to which they wore admitted by tiokot, and from which they could seo tho arrival aud doparturo of His Hxcellcnoy, and tho procession. Shortly after % o'clock groups of citizens began to con- gregate at tho street corners and in front of tho Supreme Court, aud on all points of vautago, such as tho colonnade attached to the Post Office, tho terrace iu front of tho Supremo Court Chambers, etc. Every minuto this number was increased, until at 3 o'clock several thousands lined both sides of Macquaric-stroot iu this locality. On the steps, in front of tho Courthouse, a great number of tickctholdcrs had assembled, anxiously waiting Sir George's arrival, while from tho windows, behind the ovorgreens and flags, tho ladies wore patiently watching tho approach of His Exoellenoy. Shortly after 3 o'clock the strains from the bands taking part in the procession were hoard, and not long afterwards tho wluto hats and blue jackets of the members of the Artillery Corps were teen coining round the corner. An immense crowd fallowed' tho procession, and as it turned from Klizabeth-atreet iuto Macquarie-strect;, a rush was made for the vicinity of tho Courthouse steps, aud by the timo the Volunteers had halted, and tho Vico Regal carriage bad drawn up at the Courthouse, all but the centre of trip street Was packed with eager speptatpra. As His Excellency alighted the Volun- teers shouldered arms, aud the onlookers gave threo hearty cheers for " the Governor." His lijxcellenoy wag received by the members of the Qoverument, tho bon. Mr. Giblin conducting him to the dais, and as Iiq ascended to tho Judges' dais all those who occupied the floor of the Courthouse rose to their feet, while tho Mayor and Aldermen and the members of the Marine Board, etc., took up a position round the barristers' tablo. On tho dais wera Sir Francis Smith, Chief Justice; the hon. Mr. Dobson, Puisna Judge ; Mr. Innes, President of the Legislative Counoil ; Dr. Butler, Speaker of the House of Assembly ; the Hon. W. li. Giblin, Attorney-General ; the Hon. W. Moore, Colonial i Secretary ; the Bon. J, S. Dodds, 'Treasurer ; the Hon. C, O'Reilly, Minister of Land« ; Mr. Chapmen, Mr. Alfred Dobson, Mr. James Whyte, Mr. Crowther, Mr. Bromby, and other gontlomen ; while in tho jury-box wero tho Bishop of Tasmania (tbo Right Rov. C. II. Bromby, D.D.), tho Arch- deacon of Hobart (tho Von. Arthur Davenport, B.A.), tbo Archdeacon of Launceston (tho Von. F. Hales, B.A.), tho Bishop's Chaplain (tho Rev. H. B. Bromby), tho Bishop of Hobart (the Rev. Daniel Murphy, D.D.), tho Roman Catholic Bishop's Chaplain (tho Rov. Father Bcoehinor), tho Rov. W. C. Robinson, Rev. Georgo Clarko, ami tho Rev. James Scott (Moderator of tho Presbyterian Church of Tasmania). By previous arrangement a saluto of 17 guns was fired from tho Queen's Battery as soon as tho preliminary steps to tho administration of tho oiths had beeu performed. Mr. NowELL read tho letters patent granted by Her MajeBty tbo Queen, defining tho privileges, prorogatives, and powers of tim Governor ; and also the commission issued to His Exccllcnoy Sir Georgo C. Strahan. Tlio Cmnr Jusrirn then administered tbo two subjoined oaths to His Excollcncy, who duly sub- scribed to thom : I, Sir George Comino Strahan, do swear that I will bo faithful and bear truo allegiance to Her Majesty Queen Victoria, her heirs and successors, according tu law, bo help mo God. I do swear that I will faith and truo nllegiance bear unto lier ¿Most Sacred Majesty Queen Victoria, and to her heirs and successors, and that I will well and truly execute tho offico and trust of Administrator of the Government of tho colony of Tasmania and its deper dencies according to the best of my skill and know- ledge, and according to the power granted to the Administrator of tho Government of the said colony and tbo dependencies thereof, for tho timo bein?, by virtuo of Her Majesty's Commission, bearing dato at Windsor, the twenty-ninth day of Juno, in tho foity fourth year of Her said Majesty's reign. And I do further swear that I will, during such timo as aforesaid, according to tho host of my skill and knowledge, and according to tho power na aforesaid granted or in any other manner in mo vented, duly and impartially admlnstcr, and cause to be duly ana im- partially administered in and throughout tho said colony of Tasmania and tho dependencies thereof, all the laws, statutes, and ordinances which nro now or shall bo horeaftorin force therein, so help me God, The Hon. W. R. Giblin thoo said : May it please your Excellency,-The Mayor and Cor fioration of Hobart desire to present your Excel onoy with an address. The Mayor, the Rev. R. D. Poulott-Horris, and the Town Clerk then ascended tho platform in front of tho dais, and Tbo Mayor snid : Ab the roprcsontativo of the citizens of Hobart, I beg to offer you our sincoro congratulations on your assumption of the Govern- ment of this colony. I trust that tho period of your holding offico may bo as pleasant to yourself as I trust it will be beneficial to the community at large. Wo thank Her MajeBty for having chosen as her representative ono who has proved himself to bo an ablo Administrator, and now with your Excellency's permission I will call upon the Town Clerk to road tho address which has boon proparod by tho Council. The Town Cleiik: read tho following address : To His Excellency Sir Gemigb Cumine Strahan, Royal Artillery, Knight Commander of the Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George, Governor and Commander-in-Chief in and ovor tho colony of Tasmania and its Dependonplos, May it pleiso Your Exoelloncy,-Wo, the Mayor, Aldermen, aud Citi/.ons of Hobart, in Council assembled, avail ourselves of ynur arrival amongst us to renew our sentiments of loyalty and devotion to Her_ Mnj'esty's throne and person, _ nnd our un diminlshcd attachment to thoso institutions which connect us with the British nation. Our city haa ever been ready to welcome cordially the representativo of Royalty in his official capacity ; aud has been no loss ready to recogniso all that was personally excellent in thoso who have hitherto presided over the Govern- ment of this colony. Your Excellency's experience as a Colonial Governor, under circumstances of excep- tionable difficulty, enfrieos to assure us of your ability as mi administrator ; and wo havo eveiy confidence that in Hie more genial task of ruling a peaceful and united population, you will provo yourself a worthy successor of thoso who havo (oft tho impress of their nama and influence in tho social and political history of our island. > James Harcourt, Mayor. ' His. Excellency read tho following reply : Mr. Mayor, Aldermen, and Gentlemen,-I thank you for your cordial address. It will be my duty to take an early opportunity of forwarding to the Queen tho expressions of loyahty and attachment to Her Majesty's throno and person which it embodies. As regards myself, I would fain hopo that the kindly words of welcome with wliioh you nave greeted mo may be taken ns nn enrneBt of that good feeling which should exist-and, I trust, in my ca«e( may oxiBt between the people of a colony and its Governor ; that feeling I will do my utmost to proruoto¡ for, bolieving as Ido in the future j of Tasmania, in its resources nnd in its openings for capital, it will assist mo in' furthering your prosperity and gaining for you the position among tho Australasian colonies to which your many odvantngeu give you a Just claim. Circum- stances into which I need not now enter have pre- vented mo from being among you at aq earlier date, but I beg to assure you that I nssumo the government of this colony with the determination to do all ia my power to piomote its Interests and to advance tho welfare nnd happiness of all olasBoa of tho community. Accept once more, gentlemen, my warm acknow- ledgments for your gratifying addreBs. Geo. G. Strahan. Government House, Hobart, December 7,1881. , The Hon. W. R. Giblin then introduced Mr., Innes, 'Mr. Chapman, Dr. Butler, and other members of tho Exooutivo Council, tho Rov. Dr. Bromby (Bishop of Tasmania), tho Rev. Dr. Murphy (Bishop of Hobart), to His Exoollenoy. His Excellenoy thou loft tho Supremo Court, and on descending tho Btopa was greeted with oheers. He next procecdod to inspect the members of both Volunteer Regiments, whioh were drawn up in front of tho » Courthouse, and expressed himaelf pleased with tho Boldierly-b,eariug of the men. Ho then took a scat iu his carriage, and dravo away amidst loud cheering. All along the routo to tho arch at Park-street ho waa groetod with oheers, the ladies stationed at tho wiudows waving their hand- kerchiefs as ho passed At ono part of tho road, near Wellington Bridge, ho waa groetod with a shower of bouquets, which compliment ho graco fully acknowledged,_ 