WESLEYAN GENERAL CON FERENCE. SECOND DAY-THURSDAY, MAY 12. The third general Conference of the Wesleyan Methodist Church of Australasia was continued in the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church on Thurs- <*> day morning, May 12. The Rev. J. Watsford (preeidtnt of the Conference) occupied the chair. There was a large attendance, all the newly-arrived delegates from Victoria, New South Wales and Mew Zealand being present. The number of spectators was also very large. After devotional exercises had been engaged in, tbe Conference proceeded with the business on the notice-paper. The following wan the roll of representative* present:— Kcw South Wale* Conference.—Revs. Geo, Woolnougb, M.A. (president), Frank Firth Ceecretar}), Benjamin Chapman (general «cc retery missions), Joteph H. Fietsner, Wiliiatn Clarke, Wiijiam Keljcack, D.D., William G. B.&tepbinpon;, Ceorge Brotm, James A. Nolan, Francis Toit, Kicb&rd; EeUors.aiid George Lane; Me«rs. W. Davjes (general treasurer Mission ary Society), G. W. Bather, H. Brigge, O. Oransbaw, 8. B. Bowiett, B. Hcgben, G. T. Bunt, B. Jsmes, Jan., P, Slitter, JosUh Parker, W. fcob&on;, and J. G. White. Victoria Conference.— Revs. George Daniel (president), Edwin I. Watkin (secretary), W. A. Quick {general treasurer cbnrch fond). John. O. Sjmoue (general treasurer W.M.F.), J. S. Wangb, Dl>, W. L. Einka, Jobs ffateford, Edward King, William P. Wells, Spencer Wil liarcs, William L. Blamires, Henry Bath, Francis E. Stephenson, and W. H. Fitefaett, B. A , Mesers. T. J. Crouch (general treasurer •hil dreii'a food), B. Barrett, E. Holloway, J. Gamp belJ, D. Ham,R. Hodgson, J. Jamieaon, B. John, Z. Lancaster, P. Learmofitb, J. Baddenbury, and T. Vasey. Booth Australia Conference.—Bera. J. B. Stephen** n (president), Samuel Knight (secre tary ). Charles H. Goldsmith (general treasurer Hi'.), James Bicfcford, Thomas Lloyd, Henry T. Burgess, B. Morris Hunter, Joseph Kicboleon, Hon. J. Oolton (general treasurer tdac&tion; fund), Mr. J. D. Bone, Hon. J. Oarr. Meetrs. Alfred Catt, Theodore Hack, F. W. Holder and Janet Scott. New Zealand Conference.—Revs. Batnsford j Bavin (cectetsry), W. Xtorley, Thomas Bodtte, ! Alexander Beid, Henry Bull, and Mr. W. Moxham. The Secbetabt said it might be inte resting to many brethren to know that amongst those present on that oeoasion was Mr. J. O. White, from Hew Sooth Wales, the first Wesleyan local preacher who ever conducted Divine service in Adelaide. He came to this colony in 1836, and from that to the present time be bad been a most acceptable local preacher. (Applause.) Tbe PEEsntKirr then delivered bis Inaugural address as follows:— Dear Fathers and Brethren—A resolution, as yon know, was pasted at the last General Conference requesting me to deliver an address this morning. But for that resolution I should never have thought of doing this. I should never have had tbe courage to doit; bat frith this resolution before me, aod remembering that I may never have such an opportunity again, if you will give me a little time and attention, I will try and say a few things about the work of God and oar beloved Methodism. Brethren, a great Borrow has come span üb, and our hearts are sad to-day. By the terrible lararna disaster on the coast of New Zealand five of our beloved brethren, appointed as dele gates to this Conference, have been taken from ns, and it is with us all a time of mourning. Not for them we mourn, far they were Clhristfe servants, and we doubt not that the sudden ter mination of their work brought to them the "well done" of tbe Master and tbe joyof their Lord; but we mourn for the bereaved ones so sorely stricken, and for our churoa that baa sustained to great a lost. We earnestly pray that the God of all grace may comfort all who mourn, and sanctify this painful dispensation of His providence to the good of ail. But while we sorrow we would bless aad praise tbe name of tbe Lard our God. We thank Him for His goodness to our other KewZealand brethren, aorce of whom might have been on board the ill-fated steamer bad He not is mercy turned their coune another way. And ire blew Him for His goodness to as all during the past three years, and for permitting us thus to meat together in His name to-day. AEay His presence be with us, and may He baptize us all with. the Holy Ghost a>d with fire. In addressing you this winding I would first briefly speak of come of tbe doubts aad diffi culties that are troubling and disturbing the church in our times. This is called an age of doubt and irphnljrf. Whether it is more so than any other Ikaow not. Ever since I have known anything of religion I have heard it said "this is an age of unbelief," and long before that, even from the very beginning, there have been doubters and* I scoffers, and I suppose there will be to the and. To some of the aspects of the unbelief of oar day I wish more particularly to refer. | iThis is an age of scientific progress, and wo all rejoice in tbe researches and wonderful dis coveries of true science; but there are scientifie man thoroughly opposed to tbe Bible and oar holy Christianity who would use sdeneetoaSd them in their opposition to tbe truth, and for years they here been trying to show that be tween tbe Bible and the works of God there are discrepancies that never can be reconciled, aad that therefore the Bible cannot be God's word, and many have listened to thftm and boon in fluenced by them. Thank God this it not true of all scientific men nor of the majority. These are with the Bible and oar holy religion, aad have ever clearly shown that between toe Bible &Ed; the works of God there is no real dia crepany, and that it is the word of the living God. In our day there are preachers who in the pulpit and through the press bring strange* things to our ears. They would give us a Bible without inspiration, a Goapel without an atone ment, and a future without any punishment for sin. And the strangest thing of sU is that these men persist in retaining their place and pay in the churches whose doctrines they oaee pro fessed to believe, but which are thoroughly opposed to the views they now hold. There is a miserable kind of popularity cannccted with teaching like this ; for Abe world, the aoaptios, the spiritists, all admire and applaud it, aad severely lecture the Church for the persecution, as they call it, raised against these men oa account of their advanced, and liberal, aad en lightened views. This is an age oi intellectual pride, aad with seme no man can be a scholar or have any claim to much intelligence if he is not a doubter and unbeliever; while, on tbe other hand, any nun who may bring forward some theory, no matter how absurd, that is opposed to received truth, to tbe Bible and Christianity, is recognised at ouoe as a man of great mind, of immense learning, and far away above the ignoramusesaroand his*. I am a great believer in intelligent, earnest humble, Obriatian, young men. I believe they can do anything that can be done in this world of ours ; but in our days we sometimes find a young man who baa parted in seme preparatory examination, but bas yet to pan in modesty, setting up for a great scholar, fixing to his own satisfaction at least the meaning of same im portant Greek word around which there bas been much controversy, and absut which the greatest scholars have never been able to agree, settling with the greatest ease the vexed ques tions thet puzzled oar fathers, and by a stroke of the pen overthrowing important truths lons believed and dear to the beatts of many. Ministers of religion should be prepared to grapple with all these difficulties, and the church should so train her ministers that they may be thus prepared. But Ido not think that all our precious time should be wasted on these things—not that I would trifle with the difficul ties of any sincere doubter, but there is a great deal of sham, mere pretence and make-believe, abeut the rcepticUm of many in our day. Tbe wish is father to tbe thought. The heart is mace wroDg than the head. They are against the Bible because the Bible is against them. Instead of for ever debating these questions with them, oar aim should be to show them tbrir sins and danger, and, convinced of sin, their infidelity will soon -vanish away. 1 do sot think weabsoid be for ever dealing with these questions, be cause there is so little in the infidel and semi itfidel arguments of our times that has not been folly answered and reported in the past. Dr.O?born, in order to expose and correct error, in 1680 recommended the republication of a bcok that appeared 800 years ago. And then, brethren, we have something better to do. God is dishonored, souls are perishing, we have a great work before or, and as Dr. Poniihon says, " Life is all too thort to be frittered away in endleas considerings and scanty doings." It is wise counsel acme one has given to " re ceive tbe light from whatever quarter it nay come;" but at the same time -hold fast to received truth till it be proved beyond all doobt to be error," and be not" tossed about with every wind of doctrine." Our Bible, our holy Christianity, have nothing to fear frt>m tbe fullest investigation, the severest criticism, tbe moat determined opposi tion. They have do more violent enemies now, no fiercer conflicts, than they have had is the past. Tbe storms beating on them have often beaten before. Tbe billow* dashing against the rock have again and again broken upon, it be fore, but they have rolled back again and left the rock as firm as ever. The Bible, the church, are in safe keeping, and the gates) of ?"" •???? never prevail against them. Turning to oar own church, there are some few things to which I wish to refer. 1\. Got creed, out doctrines. As a. church we. know what we believe, and what we re quire all who would enter or remain in our ministry to believe. We thank God for tta glorious doctrines we have taught bom the beginning, and that, whoever may depart from the faith, we mast and will hold to the end, or tfll our church has eadly fallen, and all trath and honesty have gQSM from m. IP wise every yew in oar cburofa courts the qaettiflsji •is atfced eomwmmg every brother, "Does ha believeandteachourdoctrtnesr' And whether the question be answered br themuiator. hint* self, cr by another for him, he must be under a strange delusion and have lost all self-respect who can sit by acd hear the question answered in tbe affirmative when a* the tame time be knows it is not true. 2\. Our discipline, our church government. About some parks of our chorea polity there have of late been many diseawioas, and when* seise would lead na to it is impassible to Bay. Doris* the last few years some changes have been made, bat these generally have touched no great trjnciples. Sat other changes ar& being sought by some that would in my opinion revolutionise Methodism, and leave Tcry little of the original behind. Dr. Pope said a few jean ago, " We want the maximum of adaptation, tbe minimum of change." It would seen to me as if some now wanted the maiinu:ni of change, acd the minimum, as I tbink, of adaptation. But surely the oXethodis?a built up by wise and holy men, guided by God's Providence, and that has taken years to build, we shall not pull down in a day. The Methodism that has worked so well where it has been well worked—that has done so n.nch for God and for peruuing men — we shall turtly not put aside for seme crude plans of our own, some strange experiment that may signally fail, and leave us with lahabod, " The glory has departed, 11 written on our doors. No, co, we must not encourage, we moat earnestly contend against this desire for change, or where will it Itad us to? If we make important changes to meet the views of tome to-day, we must do the same to mett the opposite views of others to-morrow, and so on to ths rod, and Z am afraid the end would not be far off. By this desire for change, this consttnt changing, we should alatm and drive out from among us good and earnest men, for Method itm then will not be the Methodiim they joined, and that they love and admire. We •ball keep good men from coming amongst us; far who would care to join a church ? whef e, whatever there is to-day, no one in the world can tell what may be to-morrow. It will make as a laughing-stock to the world and other 'churches. It will hinder and injure the work of Gcd. file evil already done by continued dis cussion about some matters has been very great, and if the changes some few contend for should ever M made it would lead—and I say it carefully and advisedly— it would lead;to perhaps a greater division in the church *h?n Methodism has ever known before. Box while I speak thus of changes in our system <W ?ii iii by a few, there is something else (hat we must equally guard agaiust. I mean allowing our sjstem to remain unworked —letting our roles and regulations become a letter. I am afraid this is sometimes dose, and I know that this has led come to prefer aay change to such a miserable state of things as that. I have heard an earnest Minister aay concerning same part of our AitKiplin^ "i save always been in favor of it, I have always pleaded for it, but here in the circuit adjoining mine is a brother, high in cmee in the church, who allows the law to be broken with impunity, and the plaiceat regulations to be eosstantly set aside, acd I have cone to the cnrirl union that it is barter to give it up altogether than have a state of things like that." Bat, brethren, surely that cannot be right. If we act so in every case what geed shall we have left ? If we repeal our lavs arrantitbry aw b"p%pn <n fh*\l >™tp "^nfniiinn and evary eviL 3\. Our work. In this we bare much caste for tfiffifcfnlnfn« .miwlli«?f«mnnT«g«ii««Mllf^?l?tw 1r «j& at God vs cosiDsand. In our foreign Missions we tare had trials aad difficulties, and it will re quire much care and wisdom in the management jut now, but we thank God for tue success which has crowned onr labors in the Friendly Islands in Fiji, in Samoa, and in New Britain. By our bo?ic Tnifsfrrr we have been rapidly and widely extending the work of God in the different •denies. At our colleges connected with the t-"-i Conferences we have done much to give a sound and thorough education to the young people of the lands in which we dwell. We , have not done all we wish for tbe training of candidates for our ministry, but we have done what fr^l* *n*^n* at our command has allowed us to do, and we hope to do very much more. We nave to-day hundreds of churches, many of them sonixoodisns. and beautiful, cangregattona largo and iaereraisg, and most of our foods axe in a for^*'n'g condition. We value these, we an thankful to God for these, but we are not satisfied with them. We know we may have all these and jet not have tone prosperity. Oar work is to save men, and to spread scriptural stthuts through the world. Tor this we have shed, for this wo base labored, and thankGoi we have not lired nor labored in vain, for many have been brought from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan to God. 'When I think of the state of oar church in these lands a hundred; ears ago and what it is now—twenty years ago, or ten years ago, aad what it is now; and when I look oa this Conference, where are rspreteoUtir/s from every pact of Anstealia^ from Kew Zealand, from Fiji, from Hew Britain, all come to tell of the triumphs of the Onus aad she conversion of men to God, I should be aihamefl of rojself if I did not say with a heart unfelgu edlj thankful," The I*rd bath done great things for us." Bat after all, brethren, we are not ntufied. Itre have not had the results we might have expected from the imtrumeota'ity we have employed, and the promises of out God. And during the last few jears tbe number added to onr cnazch has not graat. Some years we have found it very difficult to keep up our BUBhers, and X fear if we had only returned there who are really members the difficulty would have been very much greater. Why b this? It is not because toe Spirit of the hxi is straitnted, or tbe promise of God has failed. It is not became we have shunned to declare the *jnr?t«? counsel of God, or preach the great truths af the gteioos gaspeL It is not, X think, bscante of any marked d«rtina in the piety and seal of the min?tm of our chorea. Wbera, then, is to be found the reason of our not having greater success? No doubt many causes saaj be assigned for this. Let me briefly and caxcinU; refer to two or three things which have, m ssy opinion, sometimes hindered the work of God. 1.1 am act opposed to spsend services. I lirlifw insnsrlsl snuiirs. but I do not believe in the church looking to these, trusting these alfiTify far the conversion of sinners, t*?d in. crcaae of 5J?"«?J? members. How often is it she ease that things are allowed to fall into a dead, eald state in a circuit —the rlsssns. prajer meorirgs, and week •night ser vices are almost deserted ; the members of the ?h«"«i? get intn g low spiritual ittffl^ scarcely ever is a sinner converted to God. Snt tpecial services are t" ll>ftnr'*f^ and carried on for two or three weeks or more, crowds aTt*irf, the nKmbers of church are quickened, and sinners saved. Bat in less than a awash all thfse btve returned to tbe old state —the Bunkers as cold as ever, and the new converts falling away; aad so all goes on till the tine for special services comet round again, and thus the church is really veakt?cd, and in the end we find no increase in ***** ""w*?t of our members. Surely weonghtto look for constant prosperity; and if living fully to God and wotking for it we shall have it, nose or less, with the shower* of blessings) scsste tim+m^ said sometimes too the fluids pooled oat upon the dry ground, when special services will become a nrwmity, for tbe poaetai God will be great upon us, and many wSI enquire, ** What mast we do ?" 2.1 believe in special men raised up for special work, but I do not believe ia the chorea for ever lecsacg to these special men, and neglecting to work and looking for suoeats in con rf jtw? ?yrt? t 1*" i i" <mmirntslitine and agencies they have. Aad yet this is frequently done, and I speak here the more freely beeausa X bare often been engaged in special ■work. The mfiahers of the ehnrek will prsy for, tai work with, aad expect re cnlta is afsanfrtion with tbe labors of acmaato?ger, while they often allow their own Trirhtaraastd warkets in their church to labor •lone and single handed is saving souls. I jjDfcw ef a case where an evangelist was ex prctcd in a circuit at the same time tbe newly sFpciatMt anioisftrr waa-oa-miog. tfotfatng was said stoat tbe miaiatar, but apodal prayer setting* were held to plead ler • hliwaing on tU tvaagalistandbisws*. A.fortwght before tte tisoa it was toand that tfce evangelist could xxt raaaf.and all the prayer nuetisgs were given vp at eice. Aay as-other sent by God oaaang 1o labor aascttg us, Ut as pray lor aad help, batdosatlat us be tor aver looking for this. It is aa asknowkdgmsnt of weakness, or of unwillingness to do the work given us to do. Xrcni all tbet I have seen I say that I would Tether have a revival carried oa by tbe regular workers in a circuit where a hundred were csved than a farsrasrrr snower reported as tbe rorali of tbe labors of any stranger, hasinsu I lelteM the Itrs?tr would be the bum perma zttr.t suttk. 3.1 believe in every member oftheefamreh wotktsvfarGod. ZhU is what we need, and wtcn we bar* this we shall see a revival of re ligioa that wOl aladaeo every faaart. Bat tbe cvilbtbat so asany wiUing to work will not •work on -search lines, hot run away to labor by themselves on what they call non-sectarian plans. In this way ehstrofaes lose their helpers atd ass do but little, and tbe results said to be seecsspHahed are nearly ell lost because there is none to gs*ber then am. Wawtwewwatfatbealiiiiwisiiitbsptisniotthe Epiri*. and tfaentervenwy ffcstfje-g-aedearnestly work to eonaeetiwi with the ehnrefa to which we being, sadllaokJng alone to the Bprritfor ruceess, gicai grace wffl be open us, and many wOl be saved. We are thankful to God for so many intelli gent, devoted laymen, who are noHy working ia oar church. But I tbink our lay men can do much store, and am sure they will bear with me « bile I ray a few word* on this subject. Biefhien. it bnry painful to us all that we lore sea* «f oar Israten and their families when tttr ptofpar a the world. Whan poor •■^•DmrtWhaSaofboughtofleavi?g us. but riehea baM hrrwMfl.anfl they hays set ttiek besets on them; warjftltaaai haseosne in-elass and tavjaaf sw??jfag ana ncaaabing wiora\ or «Sk?ss*natfaataba tted^wha?abejhad(a. ceived so mncb good, has been entirely forsaken"; or their ehudten better educated, and intro duced icto a higher class of society, but uncon verted, have sought after wordly pleasure, tave got hold of foolish ideas of reipocta biiity, ted the old church has not been I good enough then, and they have gone I ehevhere, their foolish parents at first allowiug 1 and then encouraging them in this, till they I tave gone away and are lost to us for ever. I i would most earnestly say to every prospering lajmtD, "Take heed, and beware of covetous ekb." Keep jour heart right with God—keep bueii>e?, the world, in tbeir proper plaea, aad ccrer sever jour connection with tbe people of Grd, or forsake the church to which you owe so much. Many of our laymen are helping ua nobly in slsxcUl matters, but they can Help uu still core. alinUters sie burdened with financial affairs, acd prevented doing their proper work. WLy estnet the ,'ayroen take this entirely iato tbtir cwu hsLd«: j I long to see the day when the Is; men wilt raise all required for the mini ster's Ftipccd irithont his having mush or any thing to do in tie matter. It will be a grand day lor the church when that comes. We are tluuikful too for laymen who give so chcftfully and liberally to God'a cause. Bat we have Let }et reacted perfection in this. The giv.ng of lone of our well-to-do and prospering lsjtticn is only small. Thtreis reom for great improvement yet. If each were to give ascord ing to his ability, accord ing as God has prospered him, there is nzcoey enough in t he cburcb for I carrj icg en all our work. Before I conclude, allow me to refer to some changes that have taken place daring the last three years. Some of our devoted and useful la; nun have been removed by death, and some ot onr earnest aud f•ithfal ministers. Among tbete, let me mention tbe romea of John KgglettoD, beloved bvall.a power in the church, a good man,full of the Holy Ghost and of faith; aid of Joseph Date, eloquent in the Scriptures, and one of our most popular and successful ministers. To our death roll tor the past three jears must now be added the names of our beleved brethren who sa suddenly and unex pectedly Lave been called away. And here I am sure I may s?y for all that we deeply btuipa thiie with the British Conference and the Methodist Church everywhere in the loss sus tained by the dtath of that eminently gifted servant of Christ, Dr. Fanshoo. Brethren, we are all pasting away, the end will soon be heze, let us earnestly labor, and be ever ready. Some few zainutera have left as to join other churches; and *hHs we may have little respect for those who have left us without any ju«t eauie, and bavins gone have spoken lightly of the church to which they owed so much, we ■would not think er speak harshly of other* who have goce, whose views have changed, and who felt as honttt men they must go. They have left in sorrow, and will never forget the church in which tbey were converted and so abundantly bleated. They have taken their seal and piety with them, and we pray that God may make them a greater blessing where they are gone. Brethren, we mnst not complain faecaute come few of onr minister* leave us for other churches. I have said before, and I say again, that I believe it is one part of the great musion of Methodism to supply other churches with converted, earnest, soul-saving ministers; and if the other churches wfll only reckon up the number of ministers received ! from tbe ranks of Methodism, they will ackno<v ledge that my opinion is pretty correct. And new, in conclusion, let me aay that Methodism is still needed in the world, and earthly needed in this land. Oar work is not yet done. However low we may somctunes be, however dark and discouraging things may sometimes appear, hswever earnestly and fre quently onr enemies or small friends may pro phesy of our approaching end, we are not as a ckmch going to die just now. Sure lam that onr enemies cannot kill us; and I do not believe that tbe merciful lord will allow ns fay any suicidalacttoternunateourownexistenoa. There are nany prayers for us' registered in heaven yet to be answered, and there axeman? st5U praj ing that God may turn the counsel of any who would wrongly advise ns into foolishness, that He may endue us more abundantly with power from on high, and make usathoosand times more than we now are. Yen will, I am sure, pardon me for closing ibis address with a few lines that have been passing through my mind while thinking of ear great and hkianni work, and our g-th—^fg hare -to-day. With onr songs and glad v-~*tttt. Let ns meet in Jess's name, Evary heart present its tribute, Xvery tongue His loxe p^'W, Baited by Him, by Him protected, Guided safe in all our way. He has orowned as with His bleating, He is with us here to-day. Long in tears our fathers labor'd When the work was strange and new, Then the desert stretch'd before them. And the thorns and briars grew; Then the soil was hard and strong, Parch'd and very dry the field; But tbey labor'd with a patience That would rather die than yield. Kbw the deserts bloom around us. And the hills and valleys sing; Now we've light instead of darkness. Winter now is changed so spring; Kow tbe little one a thoneand, Now the feeble nation strong, How the weary, weeping workers, Bring the heavy sheaves along. Dark the veil that o'er the f atare Hidden all to mortal sight, But our faith can pierce the d"*iiptf, gee the coming, clearer light; See the grander, greater triumphs, That shall crown the preached word, See om church's brighter glory. True and faithful to her Lord. Lift we then on high our banner. Drive all feat and doubt awav ; Gird around tbe beavcar* _.inoc, Firmly sta.d in close array. Strong in faith in God our Savies We shall scatter evary tbe; We shall win new crowns for Jesus, Beseue men from endless woe. The Conference records its cense ef indebted cess to the ex- pxesident (.Bev. John Watsford) for the fidelity and ability with which he has discharged the duties of the presidency since the meeting of the bet General Oonferenoe; and also presents to him its hemtital thanks for the forceful acd opportune inaugural ad dress delivered to this Conference. The Rev. J. 8. Waagb, DJ>. (Victoria), was elected by ballot president of the Conference for the ensuing torn of office. The retiring Pmaunmr (the Bev. Mr. Wats fordj congratulated Dr. Waugh upon his elec tion. He was sure that that gentleman would do his work well and faithfully. He presented him with the Conference Bible and seals, and expiesfced the hope that the blessing of God would reet upon him. (App!ause.) The Pbxsidext elect said he received the seals of his office with very great humility. He could most sincerely say that the position in which they had placed him be bad not aspired to or desired. Ever since he had entered the Weelevan miautry he had acted en the principle of accepting any appoint ment tbe church might honor him by offering to him. He had never sought one nor neglected one, and it was in that spirit that on this occa sion he accepted the position in which he had been placed. (Applause.) He felt that there were many of the brethren whose qualifica tions ier the office were superior to his own. but he thought be could say with humility that he posseated one .qualification in a degree second to cone, and that was intense loyalty to the fnnrtamwital and eantral principles of Methodism. (Applause) Hchadstadied' those principles, their history, and their value, and they were all as dear to him now as they had ever .been. They had met on that oecanon to do tbe Lord's work, and tbey had been reminded in the «^«i—m? address of the ex-president that there was an immense amountof work that waa ready to their hands. He hoped they would be able to do tbe business of that Conference in the manner indicated by John Wesley when be said, "Let ns do everything as if in U>e pre sence of the Lord himself." He trusted that ■ spirit ef wisdom and charity might per vade all tbeir oontisels together, and that in all things tbey might be guided to the beat and wisest conclusion*. As presi dent of the Conference he would be expected to administer tbe laws of tbe Oonnwrioa. They bad roles of debate which had been care fully provided for their guidance, and by those rules he would faithfully abide in pre siding over the proceedings of the Conference. Be was inre tbey would support him by tbeir sympathy and prayers, and be prayed tint God would bliss them ia their deliberations to gether. The Bev. J. B. Waterhouse was elected seere tuy by a very large majority. On the nomination of tbe Bfcbetact, Vat Sevs. B. Wfltiams and H. T. Burgess were ap pointed assistant-secretaries, and the Revs. W. Morley and W. L. Blamins journal secretaries. The Bev. J. B. Si?PHanraa?T (Resident of the South Australian Conference) formally wel comed tbe OonfereDeeto tbe city of Adelaide, and the colony of South Australia. Mr. J. finss moved, and tbe Bev. J: B. SraPK?Xsojr seconded—"That the sessions of this Conference be open to toe public, who may occupy a portion of lie bonding to be indicated for this purpose by the president except at such times as the Conference shall resolve to sit with closed doors." On the motion of tbe Bbcbbttabt It was agreed that tbe Conference at its rising adjourn till 2 o'clock. |Tbe} president then proceeded to administer the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper to tbe members of the Conference and the visitors who chose to remain. The service dosed with the benediction, Tbe afternoon session was opened^at % o'clock. The Bey. W. Woolnonga, MJL, engaged in PTh?iev./.? ( STaTHEWK^rt?teda«*«fcad I been found necessary to revise the Sunday appointments of the Conference plan. After come discussion the Revs. J. B. Stepheuson, S. Knight, H. T. Bnrgess,and W. L. B!amirea were appointed a committee to revise the plan and submit it to the Conference at a later stage. Dr. Keianack stated that be had been unexpectedly called upon, in the absence of the Bev. S Knigtt, to more—"That the thanks ef the Conferenoe be pro tected to the Bev. John Watoford far his valuable service* as president of the General Conference of 1878, and for the able ' address which be hed delivered that morning." He (Dr. Keljnack) had been long associated with Mr. Watsford in work and friendship. All who were present at the last General Confe rence remembered hts akilfal pilotage is dis cntsiors of great importance and delicacy, aud adntiied bis ability and tact. Tbey had also beard the eloquent address wbieb be bad de livered that morning, and their habits had baen warmed by bis word. The Ktv. S. K.kig.it. baviog entered the Conference, seconded tee resolution, giving special commendation of the address, and deaignathjg it a* a trumpet c?U to them and to the church. They thanked Mr. "ffsttfcnl, and thanked God for aim. Tne Eon. John Colton supported the resolution. Be bad been connee'ed with the ex-president maoy years ago, and his ministry hud alivaya been rained. The address was very timely as vtUu excellent, and ho was sura that the Methodists in the land would be thankful for it. Three years ago he had thought that the appointment of Mr. Watsford u president was the rightjthinjr, and be was now sure of it. Mr. Va^bt and Mr. Daviks also supported the resolution, and the PfiEsiD?Hr, in putting it to the Conference, sn«geited that the address be printed. The resolatioD was unanimously carried. The Kx-President acknowledged the vote, and said that he only had been induced to deliver the address by the consideration tbat brethren who succeeded him in the chair might be led to follow his example, and they wjuld confer • greater benefit on the Conference than he could. Thanks were presented to the secretary for bis valuable service*, and w&re; duly ac knowledged. The Ef v. J. B. Stefbbnsor stated that it was bis mournful doty to formally report to the Conferenoe tbat by the wreck of the Tarart? five members of the Conference met with tbeir death. Thongb he had personal acquaintance with oDiy two of those brethren, be, in common with otfccrs, held them all in v«y high esteem aad Isve for the rake of their work and their cha racter. He would not presume to make any reflections on the sad event by which they were all bowed down with sorrow. He had a mournful pleasure in moving the following resolution:— " That baviDgreceivedformal information of tbe wreck ot the Tarania,and the consequent loss of the lives of five mambera of the Conferenee, vie, the Eev. Joseph Waternouse, J. B. fiichardson (president of the New Zetland Can fcicnee), and John Annitage, and Messrs. B. Osnnall acd K. Mitohell, this Conference de3irei to reverently express its submission to the i mysterious dispensation of Divine Providence by which it baa been bereaved of these beloved and henored brethren. It tenders its sympathy to tbeJNew Zealand jtui Victoria and Tasmania Conferences, upon whom the low falls with the most direct and painfnl effect. And it cocdoles with the members of the bereaved families of the five brethren Darned, and commends them to the prayerful remem brance of our church throughout the colonies." The Rev. W. Voblxy, of New Zealand, said that in Eeoonding the resolution be .wished to bsar come testimony concerning tile work and character of their lost brethren. The Be?. J. B. Richardson was the son of a Wesleyaa minister, and his acquaintance with the laws sod wages of Methodism waa simply perfect. His work in sis eucurbs bad been most faithful, diligent, and socceasfuL He bad been appointed to some very laborious positions, and had never shrunk from the toil and self- sacrifice inrolved by snch appointments. He had been elected last jear to tie chairmanship of the Canter bury district, one of the largest districts in New Zealand, end during the present year to the presidency ef the New Zealand Oou lerence. He bad shrank from these honors, bat be bed discharged their duties with most marked ability and tooeess. The Rev. John Annitage was probably known to none present except toe brethren from Slew Zealand, but he was highly esteemed in bis own colony. He was received into the ministry seven yean ago, having bean previously employed as a local preacher, and £teatly esteemed. His health, which had not been good, greatly improved from tee time of his recaption into the work, •nd fee bad dace his work well. He was an exceedingly sMt aad well-read theologian, mod a man of first-rate litaary attainments. Ithad been hoped that lie would be able to render service to the church in these respects He bad left eight children to mourn tbeir ioss. Toe two lay brethren lost in the Tararua were men of great value to the church in Hew Zealand. Mr. Gonnall was a Scotchman, had formerly been • Presbyterian, was converted in the Wealeyaa Ghureh, and had been a mostaealoos aad earnest member of the church. He was without ex ception the best extemporaneous speaker he (Mr. Morley) had ever known. He waa a local preacher, always welcome to the eongxegatuma. He had aim • wonderful aptitude far dealing with the young, and had been very successful in ?erk amongst yosng men. Hit absence from among them would be greatly felt. Mr. Mitchell waa also a local preacher aai a elass leader. He bad been a aehooimaarer, but had retired from that occupation and had derated himself te evangelistic soiviuus in Canter bury. Of the Bev. J. Waterbonse be (the speaker) did not know so much as iw did of the others; but be might say that in Hew Zealand be was loved for hie father's aake. His father (the Bev. John Waterbooae) was held in great esteem by their church. The aen had visited Kew Zealand some yean ago. and by bis fervor and power bad created an interest in him self and his own career, aad bad bean ever ainu remembered with affection. As yet they coald scarcely realise their loss, and be supposed they would not untfl they met next year in their annual rymtmmmn^^ eo d felt the gap made in their number. The Bev. G. Dasiel said that be desired to ■peak a. few words as representing "Victoria, and to express the loss they had sustained in the death of Mr. Waterhottse. That gentleman had been a faithful and laborious raiMunaxy, and ever had the mission came at heart. Hit character was greatly admired, aad tho3e who ! inew him best loved him most. He was apt in ! business matters, and had scoured a poei- | tion in the church in which his business j ability was likely to have proved of great value. Bat God bad called him away. The Bev. J. O. Stxoxs eaid that Mr. Water- , boose and himself were examined together as | candidates for the ministry, and he could hardly i now realise the loss of hia friend. Mr. Water- i houee had made great sacrifices—indeed he bai ' never shrank from self-sacrifice. Mr. Momuim, of Kew Zealand, eaid he was unequal to the j tat-k of specking much on t&at; occasion. They felt their loss to be very heavy indeed, i but they rc-joiced that their brethren j had been faithful men. The Hon. J. Coltoh remarked that he also could hardly ! truft himself to speak. Toe first impression which existed when the cad news of the Tararoa disaster arrived wai that all the representatives from Kew Zealand had been lost. It afterwards transpired that matters were not so bad as that, but still they were bad enough. It was a re markable dispensation of Providence to which tbey mutt bow. God had done all things well, and no doubt the reason af this dealing would be dear by-and-by. He had known Mr. Waterhouc*, bat the others who were lost he had not been acquainted with, and be was much obliged to Mr. Morley for the clear and inteiecAing teport he had given ooi earning toe lost brethren. Scarcely any people here had poeeecced the information now plaoei before them, and many would be glad, as ha was. to know bow tbey bad lived aad what service they hadrandered. Tbey had worked wellf or thegceat Master.audnowtbey bad gone to tbeirre ward. He , knew Mr. Waterhooae well, and should not soon forget him. Mr. Waterhouse came here in the year 1847. He was a Sunday-school worker with him (Mr. Oorton) m Franklin-Btreet, and was a most earnest and devoted worker. He sympathised greatly with New Zealand in the loss aoataJned by that colony, and thought perhaps they ought to express some practical sympathy for the bereaved families. la hia opinisn tbe discussion, of Haw Zealand affairs should not be influenced by this event, and as far as possible he thought they should give New Zealand Methodism what it asked. aCr. Ja?. teem, Jj\, referred to Mr. Waterhouse's earnest work, and remarked that, svi as the lets of tbeir brethern seemed, b« trusted tbey would all receive the vpiritaal advantage that was designed in the terriole event. The Bev. K. Bavnr (Ne«r Zealand) aaid be conld sot say many words on this «abject. Tbeir feelings on that oecamon were wrought to too high a pitch, and it might not be wise to Broking remark*. He had known four of the j lost ministers intimately, and he oould endorse everything Mr. Morley had said about them. I He bad brought Mr. Annitage into the i ministry, and had been associated with him for fifteen years. Mr. Kichardson in tbe presidency of the Conference had commanded tbe highest admiration, showing himself alike impartial, scholarly, gentle, and loving. He (Mr. Bavin) fett that they were now called to the week in the spirit of renewed oonseoration to God. Mr. Watexhoose had (aid nim (the speaker) under personal obligations during bis visit to Hew Zealand, and be wished so bear special testjaumyto tbe deceased gentleman's personal worth. The Bev. J. Wattfobd sug gested that two able ministers might be sent to Sew Zealand to fiU tbe broken ranks there. Tbe Bev. G. Ehottk, who was received- with applause, said Mr. Weterbouie bad greatly assisted in the formation of the New Britain Mission by the help he had given in securing native assistants foe the work, aad ha would always fesldeeplys^atefulte him. Vhe?ev.J. A.Koiah thought some practical expression of sympathy ought tone given to the bereaved families, and suggested that a move jnent should be inituted lot their relief. The FKEsrnEXTvin pnttingthensolutioa.said the mtmben of the Conference all deeply mourned the absence of tbeir brethren, and their loss most neoessarily have a saddening effect upon the proceediegs. The resolution waa unani mously carried, and on the motion of the Uev. W. Moblbt tbe secretary waa directed to write a suitable letter to convey the resolutions of the Conference to tbe bereaved friends of tbe de ceased brethren. Tbe Bev. W. Moblet thought that something ought to be done to enquire into the ciroum- Etsnces of the families of the five deceased brethren, and if necesaary, to assist then. Ha reoved—"l. That a committee consisting of two members from each of the anDaal conferences be appointed to enquire into tbe cireutnstanoei of the five bereaved iamilies, and to recommend soch meacuree as may be deemed desirable for mectiog the necessities of tboso who are unpro vided for. 9. That the committee cjusist of tbe Keve. Dr. Ktlvnack, J. O. Symoua, S. Knight, acd B. Bavin; with Messrs. B. J?tue«, T. J. Crouch, the Hon. J. Co'.ton. and Mr. Moxbam. The committee to report on Saturday morning. The Kev. R. Bavin ojo vtner." Mr. JKADUESTBUiiTteconded the resolj ticn, which was carried. The Eecbetahv read a letter from the Presby terian Church in Victoria, as follows:—" To the President of tbe Wealeyan Conference, Adelaide.—Dear Brother in Christ—As olerk of the General Assembly of the Prej b>terian Church of Victoria it U my painfnl jet pleasing duty to forward to you, and through you to the other xceiiibers of jour Conference, the aooompiny ing minute of condolence "relative to tbe trying loss which has been eustained by your church through the wreck of tbe ill-fated Tararua, aud to asture you of the heartfelt and thoroughly fraternal sympathy of all the members of our ccmmis?ion under your great sorrow. Allow me with all fitting respect to subscribe myself, your fellow-?borcx in tbe work of the Mtster, James Nish, D.D., Olerk of Assembly." Copy of minute—"The commission of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Ohuroh of Victoria having beard of the groat lots which has been sustained by Use Wealeyan Matbodut Church of Australasia through the appalling duskter of the wreck of the Terarua, desire to tender to the brethren of that church their deep cjinpathy under the bereavement which has fallen npon them in the sudden removal of tbe . Bev. J. Waterhou&e;, J. B. Bichardson, and J. Armitage, and the lay representatives by whom tfcfj were accompanied in that ill-fated vessel. The bitthrea who have thus suddenly been re moved sere known and respected by the ohuroh at Urge for tbeir abundant labors in tbe cause of our common Lord; and while this fact intensifies tbe feeling of loss it at the same time brings with it the comfort that resting from their labors they have entered into ' the recompense of the .reward.' Tbe eommusion desire to auure the Conference of tbeir earnest wish aud prayer that the great KiDg and Hevl of the Church may so overrule this sorrowful bereave ment as to deepen in the hearts of His servants throughout these colonies a sense of their responsibility, and of the need for working more earnestly while it ia day, seeing that the night cometh to speedily when no man can work." It Was reSOlved that the «l?mnmmi«?twip tu> rjm«;«raJ and printed in the minute*; and th?t the secre tary be requested to forward a suitable reply. Tbe?ev.Thos. Williams was invited to take a scat within the bar of the Conference. Tbe Bev. W. Morley having requested to be relieved from the office of journal secretary, tbe Bev. B. M. Hunter was appointed to that posi tion. Mr. Barker was appointed Conference precentor. Tbe quorum was fixed at thirty members. The bar of tbe Conference was defined. Stand ing orders were adopted. A statement of er petises of the last General Conference was sub mitted by the eecretary. Printed answers to a number of routine questions were taken as read. Seme of there elicited remarks of a desultory character. Under tbe questions reference was made to the employment of snpennuaerary ministers in lucrative occupations, and to some claims on tLe children's fund. On the motion of -cue of tbe general treasurers for the children's fnnd it was resolved—"That tbe iecrttary of the Conference be authorised to have the general treasurer's balance-sheets for the yean 1878, 1876, and 1880, with the usual statistics of the children's fond, in tbe form in which they appear in the minutes for the use ot the members of the Conferenoe daring rhediseas&ionof; the fond. That two represen tatives from each of the annual conferences— say (NSW.;, Bev. W. Clarke and Mr. W. Envies ; (Victoria), Bev. W. L. Blamtres and Mr. J. Campbell; (S. Australia), Bev.J. B Stephcnsonaad Mr. J. Scott; (New Zealand>, Bevs. W. Morley and B. Bavin, with tbe general treasurers, fee appointed a committee to deal with certain questions affecting the •srtrkiDg of tie fond and report thertou to the Conference." The Bev. B. Battx moved—"That the recom mendations from Xew Zealand relative to a self governing Conference for that colony be placed in tbe cider paper as the otder of bntinecs to follow immediately after the motions Lusineca is disposed of." Carried. The following statistics of the denomination were presented by the secretary :— 111.2 I 61! \\*\s f ! ! wi i i 5! 1 13! - 6 ! I I J6&\- S3 j 7Sj U ; 1« 2' — i — i 13 3 ; 4 37 3 j U 4|- 1 45,10 18 l: — — W 43 '104 ) ii I ;10a .; 5,738 ! 18 '■ 838' ' 19 ji 38 78 j;33£33 96 II 10,775 2 115 ? 1,«J 51 ■' 4,?:JS 5 !, 140; 73 ,; 3.512 10 389 -LLJ3 me! si,045i If 53 KewSonthWale- Queensland ... 8 8. Minion*,I EnglUh ._f, S.S. MissicD*,) Katire ... J I Victoria I Chinese Uuskd] Tasmania. i South Anatolia Wwt. Aurti&lia; Kew Zealand ... Maori Mianoo... Scandinavian 1 UUtion ... i 636 i 7? ! I ~ 5,611 6SS 1C 112 631 II 351 23 I U ToWi ..j I !s,172 The Conference then adjourned till next day 