Christmas Superstitions in Eng land. {fbom the queen.) Christmastide is truly rich in supersti tions and legendary lore, and at no other season of the year has the spirit of the marvellous been so busy in supplying food for credulous minds. Indeed, it has often been said that the character of Christmas would lose much of its romance if once deprived of its many quaint be liefs—not to mention those countless odd omens and divinations which, from time immemorial, have clustered round this festive period. Although a great part of these are fast becoming obsolete, yet many still remain firmly rooted, here and there, throughout the country—a brief account of which will doubtless be interesting to most readers. Thus, in some places, no small importance is at tached to the circumstance whether a light or dark-haired person is the first to enter a house on Christmas morning, light haired people being generally supposed to bring with them ill- luck. In some parts of Yorkshire, a male must be the first to : make his appearance, a female on no ac count being admitted. In order to make sure that thiB rule shall not be infringed, a previous arrangement is often made whereby a boy—the son of a friend—shall ! be the first to pay a visit, receiving in re turn for his good wishes a Christmas-box of sixpence or a shilling. From a very early hour, too, on Christmas morning, the boys are all astir, spreading them selves over the town shouting hymns and carols at the doors and through the key holes. If the duty of " letting Christmas in" has not already fallen to the lot of some other individual, the lad is admitted, who bestows on the inmates a twig or leaf of evergreen, as he is the first comer, or " lucky bird." He then receives bread - and-cheese, and always money. The same house will not admit a second boy, one being sufficient to protect it from any ill-luck that otherwise might happen. This superstition formerly prevailed to a great extent in Scotland, much attention being paid to the first visitor on Yule morning, who was said to be highly lucky because " he let in Yule." It was re garded, however, as an unfriendly act to enter a house on Yule day without bring ing a present of some kind. Nothing was allowed to be taken out of the house on this day; and even members of the family who had gone ont in the morning, took care, on their return home, to bring Bome little thing with them, for fear of causing had luck to the household. Any servant, also, who had a due regard to the inter ests of the family, was careful to go to | the well early on Christmas morning to draw water, to pull the corn out of the sack, and to bring kale from the kitchen garden—these acts being intended to in sure prosperity to the family. In the North of England the poor are very tenacious of giving a light of any kind to a neighbour on Christmas morn ing, non-compliance with this rule being supposed to be attended with evil conse quences. As an illustration of this curi ous superstition, we may quote the fol lowing from the Bradford Times, of January I, 18T0 : " A man named Wil liam Pollard was summoned on a charge of doing wilful damage by breaking a pane of glass in the window of a cottage at Tong. It seems that lie had gone into the house at Christmas, and asked for a light to his candle. It being a common superstition that to allow anyone to take out a light at Christmas is unlucky, the womau of the house objected but offered him a few matches. He then created a disturbance, and, on the husband's at tempting to eject him, he broke the win dow." In certain parts of Yorkshire it is reputed to be " bad luck" to burn any green vegetables, or to take a lighted candle into the open air, at Christmas. Again, it is considered in our Northern counties a great misfortune to let the fire out on Christmas Eve ; for, apart from the bad luck supposed to follow such an oc- 1 currence, it is oftentimes no easy matter ; to repair the mischief if once committed, as no one is willing on the following morn ing to give his neighbour a light. Should he steal fire, too, unseen from his neigh bour's hearth he would fare no better for it, since fire thus taken is not counted holy. It is curious to find the exact op posite of this rule in Germany, it having been customary at thisBeason to extinguish the house fire, end to rekindle it with holy fire, kindled by the priest with flint and steel in the churchyard. In Worcestershire the peasant regards it as unlucky for new shoes or tanned leather to be received into a house during Christmas week. According to North amptonshire belief, the ghosts of unfor tunate people buried at cross-roads have a particular license to wander about on Christmas Eve, and to wreak their evil designs upon defenceless humanity. Hence rustics are particular to avoid run ning the risk of exposing themselves to such an unpleasant sight, and more often than otherwise remain at home. It may be noted however, that this superstition is opposed to the popular one which informs us that the cock crows all the night long on Chri 'jju being supposed by its ^ drive away malignant spirit ive away malignant spiritife *^7™—*155 At Walton-le-Dale, somc^_ ^71 rj ago, a correspondent of ~ ' Queries tells us that in 5^ on Christmas Eve the inc ^ with their doom open, wbj party read thengj^ saint himselfi^^^ morning, and uniting in a service which is held by the light of smell green can dles made for the purpose. Sometimes this ceremony is observed at home ; the people in a farm-house, says Mr. Wirt Sites in hia " Welsh Goblins," holding a jollification on the Christmas Eve, and sitting up all night to meet the dawn. If the East wind happens to blow, the circumstance is deemed propitious in this connection. Many are the weather super stitions that are associated with this sea son. Thus, it is a very common notion that when Christmas day comes while the moon waxeth, it will be a very good year ; whereas if it come when on the wane, it will be the very reverse. It is also said that if the sun shines through the apple trees on Christmas Day, there will be an abundant crop the following year. When, too, the wind is still on Christinas Eve at midnight, it foretells a fruitful year. It is a popular idea that "green Christmas makes a fat churchyard"—a . mild winter being supposed to be less healthy than a frosty one. The regis trar general's returns, however, prove thrt it is quite the contrary, the mortality ! of the winter months being always in proportion to the intensity of the cold. It has often been pointed out, on the other hand, that there is some truth in the German saying, " a green Christmas, a white Easterthe probability beiDg : that a mild winter will be followed by a cold and wintry spring. Christmas Eva is well known to love sick swainB and languishing maidens as the day, above all others, most favourable for obtaining a glimpse into futurity. Numerous are the spells and ceremonies by which this is attempted. Among those most commonly practised are baking the dumb-cake, sowing hemp seed, and eating the salt egg. In North amptonshire, at "the witching hour of midnight," on Christmas Eve, the young damsel goes into the garden and plucks twelve sage leaves, under a belief that she will see (he shadowy form of her fu ture husband approach her from the op posite end of the ground. In trying this delicate mode of divination, great care must be taken not to damage or break the sage stalk, as should this happen seri ous consequences would ensue. The fol lowing barbarous charm was also much re sorted to in days gone : The heart was taken from a living pigeon, stuck full of pius, and laid on the hearth ; and, while burning, the form of the young person's future partner was believed to become vi sible to the mortal eye. In Devonshire, girls pluck a rose on Midsummer day and put it away, under an impression that, if it is not looked at, it will be found as fresh on Christmas Day as when ga thered. It is then worn at church, when it is supposed their intended lover will come and claim it. In Yorkshire, young girls make a point of obtaining a piece of spice cake from all their friends, di vinins their future happinesB from the i number of these they are lucky enough [ to obtain. It may be uoted that these love divinations are not confined to our own country, but are equally popular on ! the continent. Thus, for instance, in : Germany, if a girl desire to know of what j condition her future lover will be, she must on Christmas night listen at the large kettle walled into the stove. If the water in it make a roaring noise, he will be a smith ; and so, according to the various tones of the water, the several ; trades may be determined. A similar idea prevails in Northamptonshire, and , various means are resorted to for ascer taining the desired information. Among the legends and traditions as sociated with ChristmaB in England may be mentioned the old superstition that oxen in their stalls are always found on their knees, as in an attitude of devotion, on Christmas Eve, and that since the al teration of the style they do this only on the eve of old Christmas Day. Dees, too, are supposed to make a humming noise at the exact time when our Saviour was born. Again, a belief was very pre valent at one time that certain trees put forth their flowers on Christmas Day. Thus in the Gentleman's Magazine, 1753, we are told that at Quainton, in Buckinghamshire, about two thousand people went with lanterns and candles to view a white thorn in that neighbourhood —said to be a slip from the famous Glas tonbury thorn—as it was always supposed to bud on Christmas Eve, to be full-blown the next day, and to die off that night. The people, however, finding no appear ance of a bud, agreed that Dec. 25 (new style) could not be the right Christmas Day, and accordingly refused either to go to church or to entertain their friends on that day as usual. One further illus tration in conclusion : Near Raleigh in Nottinghamshire, there is a valley said to have been caused by au earthquake some centuries ago, which swallowed up a whole village, together with the church. It was formerly customary for the inhabitants to assemble in the valley every Christmas Day to listen to the ringing of the church bells beneath theui, which, it was as serted, might he distinctly heard. 