SYDNEY STOCK MARKET. 29th September. Messrs. Griffiths and Weaver report as fol- lows for the week just ended .-1500 head of cattle formed the supply ; the market fell 10s.; best beef Eold at 22s. per 1001b ; prime bullocks, £9. 9600 sheep were penned ; pi ¡ces showed an advance of la.; best shorn wedders brought 12a. Wo sold 200 fat cattle at Homebush, also 160 bulls and 1000 heifers in Queensland. V The work of refitting the barque Doon, which has been going on in Brisbane for some months past, is now virtually finished, there being nothing further to do than a few small jobs about the rigging. The completion of this work marks an important advance in shipping matters connected with this port, it being the first time that a vessel of her dimensions has been refitted and received a complete overhaul in Brisbane. The masts and yards have all been made at the new works of Messrs. J. W. Sutton and Co., at Kangaroo Point, while the important work of putting the spars into the vessel, making the sails, and rigging her, has been entrusted to Messrs. Potts, Paul, and Sergaut. Both of these contracts have, it is understood, been carried out in a way that has given general satisfaction, and which shows conclusively that such work can be done at this port as efficiently as elsewhere. The work has, it ia true, taken longer than waa ex- pected, but this was only natural in a first job of the kind, and with more complete appliances there Í3 every reason to hope that future jobs of a similar description will be executed far more expeditiouBly. The quantity of ballast the Doon usually can ies ia 380 tons, but when the acci- dent occurred she was carrying 450 tone. She has at present only 400 tonB of coal < i board, as ehe had to bo lightened before being decked, but sixty or seventy tona more is expected to arrive this morning from Ipswich, and will at once be shipped. The Doon will be towed out to the Bay on Monday or Tuesday, and will procèecvlô sea immediately afterwards. The programme of the complimentary con- cert to be given to Madame Carandini on Wed- nesday next will be found in another column of this issue. It will be seen to be a very attrac- tive one, and it is hoped will draw a large house. Last night the "Money Spinner" was repeated for the fifth time to a fair home and an appreciative audience. Mr. Wybert Reeve takes his benefit to-night. He offers the public a very full programme ample value for their money. The first play advertised is " Snowball." This ia a farcical comedy, written by Mr. Sydney Grundy, and produced at the Strand Theatre, London, a few years ago, where it had a very long run. Those old Londoners who remember the Strand will understand that a piece which held its own there for any length of time must be good of its kind. They never did go in for tragedy at the Strand, they were not very careful to delineate the play of complex emotions, but they had one rule to which successive managements rigidly adhered, which was that no plays should be pro- duced that did not keep the audience in a con- tinual state of amusement and send them homo in high good humour. It ia, therefore, probable that when " Snowball" ia described as a play full of fun tho description is a correct one. And that Mr. Reeve can make fun, no one who saw his "Crushed Tragedian," and more especially his inimitable Barun Croodle, will doubt. Tho ? reBt of the programme requires no comment; all tastes are suited in it. But apart from the merits of the programme, Mr, Reeve fully deserves substantial recogni- tion from Brisbane playgoers. He has intro- ' duced to them not one, but a Beries of high class plays, which have been performed and placed on the stage in a manner to which Bris- bane audiences have certainly not been accus- tomed. If the local stage were constantly occupied in the manner Mr. Reeve has occupied it, our theatre would soon take the place in our social economy that it ought to occupy, ob the chief means of affording to workers of all grades needful relaxation and intellectual enjoyment. He has done us a public service, and he thoroughly deserves what little reward a success- ful benefit may give him. The soirée, concert, and ball under the aus- pices of the natives of Glasgow and surrounding districts and their friends takeB place in the new Albert Hall this ovening, commencing at 7 o'clock. The reunion promises to be very suc- cessful, as nearly all the tickets printed had been sold last evening. His worship the mayor, who is a Glasgow native, takes thechair on tho occa- sion, and several gentlemen will address the meeting. The Marh Lane Express of 25th July pub- lishes the following items of news respecting the meat traffic:-"It is stated that in 'Nova Scotia tie question of whether it ii cot advis- able to adopt the system of forwarding carcassea instead of live cattle is exciting a good deal of discussion, and should the results of the season's shipments prove unfavourable, it ia altogether likely that the same subject will force itself upon the attentiou of Ontario shippers.' There is another question in connection with this matter which will force itself on the attention of Ontario shippers - namely, whether Cana- dian cattle are good enough to send here as dressed carcasses. The bulk of those which como here alive are certainly not good enough to come dead. United States cattle are quite good enough to come aa dead meat, and there is no real necessity for maintaining the importation of living cattle with its attendant daugers. The Prairie Farmer says that, ' Whatever may be thought of the American hog under tho effete monarchies and fledgling república of Europe, that animal, in the condition of a manufactured article, is very popular in Chicago.' The de- mand for canned meats generally has improved, although boiled beef and mutton in largo-eized tins have been rather slow of Eale. American compressed corn beef arrives in very small quantities, but as the price of cattle is now re ported to be lower larger shipments will probably soon come forward and supply the wanta of Beveral leading firms who are at present quito out of stock. Prices for all kinds remain at previous rates. The canned moat from some of tho United States cunning houseB is not much better than glue. It is evidently made from ox cheeks and the roughest parts of the roughest carcasses." The usual monthly meeting of the trustees of the Brisbane Genoial Cemetery was held at the secretary's office on Thuisday, 29th instant, at 3 p.m. The trustees presout were-Messrs. John Petrie, J. II irdgrave, and George Edmondstone. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and coufirmed. Sixteen applications to erect headstones, monuments, and railings were con- sidered and granted. Several accounts were paBsed, aud the returns for the registrar for month of August, and three certificates under schedule F, were signed, The applications for interments for month of August were reported aB 37, against 32 for July, and 43 for June. We have (says the Sydney Echo) evoked a ghost - at least it would seem so. Only the other day we intimated that we were sighing to know what had become of Mr. Skuthorpe and the Leichhardt relics ; and behold more fortunate than Glendower and his spirits, he has come when we did call upon him, or, if not exactly come, we have heard of him, and our yearnings are partly satisfied. Not altogether satisfied, for we long to handle that telescope, to box that compass, to contemplate the pages of that strangely-preserved diary. We are surprised to hear that it was only a matter of cash that prevented Mr. Skuthorpe from coming to Sydney at first. We know that at first men whose names are known to him guaranteed that an adequate reward should be his when the authenticity of the relics had been proved. And yet Mr. Skuthorpe says that all he wants is cash. The fact is that Mr. Sku- thorpe is too modest. He knows what a hero of the hour he would be, and bashfully declines to be made much of. Only he would like to get the value of his discovery in money. Does he expect the public to forward him £2000 or so, and re- ceive by return a telescope and compass ? be- cause, supposing that they turned out not to be Leichhardt's, what a costly investment it would be. Ever so much cheaper to buy one at Fla- velle's. It ia cruel of Mr. Skuthorpe to keep us waiting so long, and the relics must be getting tired of it too. The Colonies is bitterly sarcastic concerning the convention with the Boers. It says :-"The address of the High Commissioner is reported to have been received with a good deal of disgust and disappointment by the natives present This_ muBt be a:triouted to the ingrained stupidity of the Africm naturo. Had they a spark of magnanimity-of truly liberal senti m!n.t-tlle natives of the Transvaal ought to have rejoiced over the opportunity of affording the English an escape from ' blood-guiltiness.' They Ehould have recognised in the Boera the de- scendants of the noblest races on the European continent-the representatives of the famous Huguenot breed, happily mingled with the champions of Dutch freedom. To their un- tutored minds it might appear a little hard that they aro required to pay the price of the great tnglish atonement, and 'their barbarous feeling may even cany them to the extent of doubting the entire justice of the arrangement which, because the English made a mistake in supposing that the majority of the Boers were favourable to the British rule, gives back the Transvaal to the Boers. They may be audacious enough to deny that there was any mistake whirever, except in the underrating ot the fighting qualities of the Boers. The majority of the people in the TranBvaal certainly ao still prefer the British to the Boer rule, if we include m the term 'people' the legitimate owners of the soil. The Boers are only in the Proportion of one to twenty of the natives ; and even supposing that they are all agreed in reject- ing the British rule, the transaction by which the country of these nineteen-twentioths of the population is handed over to the one-twentieth can scarcely be reconciled with ' that sense of justice which befits a great and powerful nation.' t li h!£il? possible to suppose that the natives ot tue Transvaal will Bubmit quietly to the ar rangement which has been found so grateful to tno British eecse of humanity. A peace so con- cluded can only be a short truce, of which the issue must be war in some worse form than that out of which we have scuttled." 