THE NOVELIST. WAS IT MURDER ? Chaptkb vn.—(Concluded.) By Robin Qoodfkllow. The situation was not a pleasant one. I heard the water bubbling through the cargo. I felt the schooner .settling down bodily. I knew the crevr were making preparations for abandoning the vessel, but doubted whether the mate would return to set me free or not. Whilst thus reflecting a larger sea than ordinary struck us, and seem to sweep the decks from stem to stern. Next followed aloudciy of "man overboard," and I found that the boat had been hastily lowered, all hands getting into her. I afterwards learned that the man washed oveiboard was the mate, and in the hurry the crew had jumped into the boat without their oara, the latter having been washed clean away to some distance. This might be the reason why the boat did not return to render me assistance; perhapB, too, the mate might hare feared whether he would not involve himself in some trouble respecting mc ; or it may be that he had reasonable doubts as to my still being alive. The little vessel loaded as she was with a earfto especially buoyant, became simply water-logged, but did not sink, comparatively speaking, greately below her deep sea line. As she ran on one tack I found myself completely free of water t but, on the other, became often so deeply immersed as to render the keeping of my mouth and nostrils free to breathe a matter of great difficulty. I experienced this alteration of submersions and emersions for several hours ; of necessity the directions of the vessel's course could only be roughly guessed at As I judged, it must have been near night-fall when a squall seemed to strike direct!}* abeam, and heeling over became excessive. For some minutes the water appeared to have left my part of the vessel altogether, but suddenly I felt myself turned completely over, and heard the gurgling sound amid the cargo on the other side of me. A very little reflection served to show that the schooner had been capsized. By dint of scrambling, 1 managed to get once more into a dry position; but my situation was now an awful one. Hope of rescue suemed more out of the question thuu ever. Should assistance coine from the shore, this new state of tilings put inu out uf reach of all eurthly help. My prison was now the bottom uf the vessel, which fortunately remained dry somewhat on the principle uf the diving bell. Perh»ps it might be owing to the close atmosphere, but at all events I slept whilst in this awful plight, and, what is more slept soundly. A loud crashing awakened tue at last, such being, doubtless, referable to the giving way of the masts as the vessel drifted into shallow water. We still floated helplessly on the waves, but in time all rolling motion ceased, and I knew wo must have grounded somewhere on the shore or on a shallow. As the tide ran out I was enabled to make my way towards the light let in through the breach made by the rock in the vessel's sido. The water even sunk so much as to be considerably below this opening; and as it was then especially calm ; Icouid see objects on shore reflected upwards from tlw surface. Among those I noticed the shadow of a steep rock, and trees, which, as it appeared to ui i, I had Keen before. " If there should be any one in sigi.t," I thought, and, as a last rescource, I pushed several pieces of paling through the opening. I afterwards kept up a continual knocking against the planks, busting that this, at least, might attract attention. No result, however, followed. I saw the tide returning, and soon became re-involvcd in complete darkness. The close atmosphere almost stifled me. To my fancy the water this tide rose higher than ever, and I surrendered all hope of escape, and tried to prepare myself for death. I dozed again, but this time my slumbers were disturbed «nd restless. A strange fancy haunted mc, of being about to be buried alive, not in my present position, but in a veritable grave. In this delusion I struggled madly with my persecutors, who were once dearest friends, but with no avail; suceecding, as they did in placinginc within the coffin by such force; I heard them nail me down : felt the shock of being thrown suddenly into the ground; as I imagined, millions of tons of earth falling on the coffin lid. An attempt to make one. last struggle for freedom awoke me, and I joyfully found that the dream had proceeded from the noise of some one knocking outside the planks of the vessel. I, of course answered the signal, and through the wood-work heard a muffled voice bidding me hope. In a moment, the din of, as it seemed a hundred hammers sounded in my ears In half an hour, I was free once more, and dragged to light through the opening made by a score of pusy morkmn. I had just time to notice the surrounding objects, and found I had been providen tially drifted to the foot of the rock whereon I hud seen the vision of Ellen during my voyage to Macquarie Harbour. The lady of the house, my deliverers told me, had climbed the rock to watch the vessel tliat had been washed ashore during the post night, and had both seen and heard my signal. Workman were repairing the house, and these having been in- formed of a possibility that some one lay imprisoned in the ships bottom, one and all r in eagerly to the rescue. All present seemed willing to help me, save one a youth of about sixteen ; and no sooner di.l lie look nie in the face than lie exclaimed almost menacingly, " A d d lag! He'll swing for it!" and spite of the repeated calls of those around, ran off, apparently in an agony of terror. It was explained to me that the poor lad had been lately frightened by an attack of convicts who had murdered his father, and and that he had not yet recovered from the shock. We entered the house just as this item of information had been communicated, and the first glance revealed me to a sight complete^* driving all other matters from luy mind. Ellen, herself, and no visionary form, 6tood in the open doorway. You may guess how we met each other, after years of separation. They carried me to the best chamber, and every servant in the place was ordered lo do my bidding. I had scarcely entered the house, how- »:ver, >vhen my weakness overcame me, am! I touted from sheer exhaustion. Ou my doing so, the attendants loosened the parcel tied around my neck, laying it tiy my side. Soon alter I recovered myself, EH pointi-d it out lo me, and asked me what it was. I hid her rend it—I had not done so, as yet; it was the confession of Hartley. She unfolded the paper, and had not read ten lines when I saw her former look of auxjaus c:ii e change suddenly to «.iie of joy anil triumph. •• Oh ! Walter," site said, " you are m- jioceut." As shf was about to hand me the docura'Di, her guardian, Mr. Selby, entered the 4<M>UL Ho was by far too well bred, and too kind, not to show something of welcome, even to an escaped felon; but, although looking grave, he said nothing. I noticed this, snd myself alluded to the trouble I might entail upon hiui. " Yes," he said, your presence here will do good neithor to others nor yourself. The myrmidous of the law will soon be upon your track; against them I, at least, cannot defend you." " But he is innocent!" exclaimed his ward ; "look here!" and she presented her guardian with the paper she had been reading. The old gentleman took it, and ran it over hastily. At first the expression of his features betokened a feeling of hope, but this soon changed to one of doubt and uncertainty. " You know the contents ?" he said, appealing to myself. I confessed my ignorance, and gave him, in a few woids, a history of the confession, and how it became mine. " I will read it over to you," he said. "' The confession of James Hartley, alias Brown, alias Hamilton, alias Jackson, alias Simpson. " «That, on the 2nd of September, 18— (the mention of this date struck me powerfully as a coincidence) I did,' " the reader went on, "' wilfully and premeditatedly murder The door opened, and two officers of the police—summoned, as it appeared, by the boy, the son of the murdered shepherd, who recognised me on my rescue— entered the apartment. " We arrest you," they said, " Walter Graham, as an escaped prisoner of the Crown." Against this there was, for the present, no appeal, although the medical certificate of the family doctor, already called in to attend upon me, postponed my removal to the lock-up at Hobart Town for that night at least Next da}*, however, I was hurried away to appear before a magistrate. Mr. Selby accompanied me, as my solicitor. With a confident air, assumed after the manner of his profession, I fear—he banded Hartley's confession to the magistrate, relying, as he said, upon the plain unvarnished tale there set forth for my absolute acquittal upon the spot. The magistrate took the paper, and, at first, looked astonished at its contents; going on, however, his features plainly betokened doubt and unbelief. He handed on the document to his associate on the bench, who also smiled incredulously ; after that, the first and presiding magistrate aguiu took the paper, aud read it out before those assembled. " ' The confession of James Hsirtley, alias Brown, alias Hamilton, alias Jackson, alias Simpson. " 4 That, on the 2nd of September, 18—, I did wilfully and premeditatedly murder my mate, Isaac Scriven, alias Woodbridge, alias Bill Dawson, &c.; " ' The cause was that, two days previously, we had broken into a mansion, in a parish adjacent to that in which the murder was committed, and had stolen therefrom certain articles of plate and jewellery, the which I resolved to appropriate wholly to myself, instead of equally sharing, as agreed, with the said Isaac Scriven, my partner in crime. ' In order to carry out my plans, I played upon the fears of my partner so successfully as to induce his consent to burying the goods, until the hue and cry should be o/er. To do this, without chance of detection, it was agreed that he, Isaac Scriven, should proceed to a wood called Bays Grove, and there, at a given spot, dig a hole sufficiently large and deep to hide the booty, the which, for fear of discovery, was to be carried to the place by myself, and there to be buried between us. " ' He had already completed his work of digging the hole when I arrived at the spot with the treasures. From several circumstances I had reason to fear that intruders were in the neighborhood, aud wished to complete the murder, which I had meditated ail along, as quietly as possible. To achieve this, I thought treacherously to knock my partner on the head, but he, discovering my intention, and seizing me, I was compelled, in selfdefence, to shoot him with a pistol then in my belt. " * As soon as this had been done, I first concealed the body and the treasure, and afterwards walked some little distance to reconnoitre. I had just before heard four shots, but hardly knew whether to refer them to sportsmen—it was at the commencement of partridge shooting—or to a couple of duellists. Arriving, however, at the banks of a river, running through the wood, I saw a body floating down with the stream, and straightway sprang in and dragged it out. I took what money was in the pockets, and then, linding the person showed signs of life, left him to recover. A little further on I saw yet another person, washed up on the bank, and lying insensible, but not dead. Ho was a foir-complexioned, light-haired young man, of very youthful appearance, and slimly built. I have reason to believe that his name was Henry Walsingham, since supposed to have been murdered. He had a remarkable signet ring on his left hand ; this I removed, after which he revived, and, talking wildly, told me what had led to his present position. He had, it seems, fought a duel with a gentleman in the neighborhood, and, afterwards, the two had agreed to throw each other into the river, so that the contest might be terminated by the death of one or both. He now regretted what had been done, and appeared anxious as to the fate of his antagonist. I thought to profit by the p g c young man's fears, and hid the fact that his antagonist had already recovered. " ' I professed to be his friend, and, directing him where to hide for a few day6, changed clothes with him, and promised to bring him further information, relative to whether his fellow duellist was alive or dead. " ' He had no sooner departed than I resolved to avert suspicion from myself, should the body of Scriven be discovered, by leading persons to suppose it that of some one else. To do this, I dressed it in the clothes obtained from Walsingham, placed the signet ring on the dead man's finger, and, that the difference in the color of the hair might not spoil my plans, cut off the head, and threw it into the adjacent river. " ' I then removed the goods, to which no one had now any claim save myself. " 'Two days afterwards I called on Walsingham, telling liim that his antagonist was really dead ; pretending that the district ha A been roused in the matter, and persuading him to leave the country. "'With this view, he went, by my advice, to a Jew skilful in fabricating disguises, and immediately afterwards sailed from England. " ' I enjoyed the fruits of the robbery for some time, but, these, gone, fell into other crimcs, was obliged to flee from England, which I did the more easily by engaging as a warder on board a ship just sailing lor Tasmania. " ' 1 write this with the fear of death before mine eyes, lest some innocent man should suffer for my crime, and in hopes that the Disposer of all things in ay pardon me many offences. * Since writing the above, I have dis covered that Walter Monkton, otherwise Walter Graham, was one of the parties id the duel, and iB at present held a prisoner of the crown for the murder of Hemy Walsfogham. &ow;, as the sup- posed murder took place on the date specified, and as I saw Walsingham, with my own eyes, living, and In good health, six days afterwards, Walter Monkton, otherwise Graham, must necessarily be innocent of the crime imputed to him; although, for aught I know, the said Henry Walsingham mav not be now alive.'" After hearing this confession, it was by no means difficult to explain that singular concatenation of facts which, in England, led a jnry to find mo guilty of another's blood. Under the circumstances of my duel, the struggle towards the river, and that 1 had seen the strange man digging the grave-like hole, it was not unnatural that my delirious fancies should take the form they did. One matter, however, remained unelucidated. How came it that my dream of mutilating Walsingham's remains so strangely tallied with the fact of the head of the body found having been removed ? A coincidence, however, may explain even this. " This document is neither signed nor witnessed," the magistrate proceeded ; " it may not, or it may, be genuine. To prove that it is the latter will, I think, be difficult. It is my duty to forward the information to the proper authorities for investigation. In the meanwhile, as the prisoner is here on a charge of prisonbreaking, I can only remand him until to-morrow." On the morrow I stood once more within the magistrate's room in custody. Whilst so standing I overheard two warders of the stockade in conversation, evidently about myself. " Well, the prisoner," said the first of these, " what is he likely to get ?" "Oh, scragged for certain," was the reply. "Or fifty lashes," and a renewed acquaintance with Macquarie Harbor." " No fear of that, the facts of the case are too serious. The escape was a desparate one, aud one of the warders was as nearly killed as was possible for a man to be who still survives an attack made upon him. " Was that Charley Johnstone ?" " Yes, the authorities Bent him on here invalided." " And is he now well enough to appear H6 a witness ?" " By all accounts he is, and hiB recovery has been attended with one of the querest goi.*s I ever heard of. You know those magnificent blue-black curly locks aud whiskers of his ?" " Who did not; they were the talk of the whole settlement." " Yes, and during the fever following liis being beaten by the prisoners these ornaments of his were cut off. The strangest thing is that they have both come of a bright golden color, and the hair is perfectly straight" "Then tlia old story about the hair dye might have been right after all." " And the other old stories about why he used the dye may have been right also. There is some mystery about that man that I could never fathom. At any rate he is so altered by the change that I do not think his own mother would not recognise him. He won't be in a humor to say much in favor of the prisoner, depend on that." At this moment the case being called on I prepared to enter the dock. As I did so, a slight shudder came over me, and Ellen, who, contrary to the rule* of etiquette, perhaps, persisted in being resent, thinking it arose from cold, threw a shawl over my shoulders. It happened to be nearly white, and the tout ensemble was a singular one. My face, from suffering, had become hastly pale, and the addition to my ostume gave me a strange, unearthly appearance. More than one person said that I looked like'a ghost, or a corpse just risen from the coffin. One thing all my acquaintances remarked—I had owing to my hair and whiskers having grown, assumed once more my old look and expression in every respect I had no inclination to look round the assemblage, but remained with my face hidden in my hands. Whilst standing thus, I heard the witness Johnstone called, and the next moment I started at an exclamation of surprise from Ellen, aud turning towards where she stood, saw both her eyes and those of Mr. Selby directed to the witness box. My glance followed theirs instinctively aud I looked, not upon Johnstone, as I expected, but on Hemy Walsingham—he for whose murder I had been transported years before. " Sir," I said, addressing the magistrate, '* justice will be done me at last; there is the man " Saying this I pointed towards the person indicated. The situation seemed somewhat melodramatic. Walsingham, Ellen' Mr. Selby, and myself, were all upon the occasion affectad very differently. The three latter 6aw only a person, long-lost, unexpectedly appealing before them. The former believed lie looked upon an in dividual who, being dead, now supernaturally confronted him. This idea seemed stiengthened by the fact of my extemporized attire, and pale, corpse-like look. No wonder, then, that seeing me thus clad,—thus appearing—pointing as if to indicate him, the witness, to those present, and uttering the words I did— Walsingham, in his weakened state, only just recovering from fever, should have started at what he saw. " Risen from the grave," he said at last, and doing so, staggered backwards, and, but for the attendant officers, would livve fallen on the floor. On a scene like this, so unexpected in a Tasmanian police court, the spectators, magistrates, witnesses, end officers, looked with astonishment. The eclairissement, however, was at hand. Hartley's confession had enlightened most of UB as to the mystery our several 6tories. The details furnished by Walsingham simply confirmed the previous statement. By these it appeared that he, my previous rival, believing me dead, bad fled the country, having first dyed bis hair, so as to avoid detection. Having once began to assume his new character, he could not leave it off without exciting suspicion amongst tliOBe with whom he remaincd, and circumstances prevented hi6 leaving his new home, so that, at all hazards, the deception had to be maintained. The months and years thus passed, he told us, were wretched beyond description ever haunted, aB they were, by the dread of discovery, and the horror of having taken humanl ife. He had married since arriving in Tasmania, and might have lived happily with his partner but for this. The joy of finding himself free from the eting of conscience for the futuie seemed entirely to wipe away all memory of our previous rivalry. He met me rather as a brother restored to life than as a person with whom he had once grappled and fought with as a deadly foe. A murmur of applause ran through the assemblage, in the midst of which Mr. Selby rose and moved that steps be taken now to secure my discharge. " The which I should be only too happy to secoad and further to the utmost of my prwer, replied the magistrate, " but unfortunately, yet another charge agsinst the prisoner prevents my doing so." " A charge of what ? fi " That of being concerned, at least, in the murder of Allan Cameron, shepherd at yonr ontstation near the Macquarie.' " In what manner can the prisoner be associated with such a deed ?—a deed, too, of which there is but little evidence of its having been committed at all ?" " That it was committed, we have your own assuiance, given a week since, whilst a witness now in court makes affidavit that he saw the prisoner, in company with another man, standing over the body." None other than myself knew how difficult it would be for me, innocent or guilty, to clear up the seemingly conclusive evidence substantiating the new charge, even more damming than that brought against me in the old one. " But," said Mr. Selby, aimoBt forgetting his legal training in his desire to set me free, " have wu any proof even of the man's death ?" " YeB, eveiy proof that " " I'm not so sure o' that noo," said a gruff voice, with a strong Northern accent, from the body uf the court." Ail present turned towards the spot, wondering at the interruption. It was now my turn to be astonished. Twice that same day that same courthouse seemed to restore the dead to life, for there, in the centre of the crowd stood the old shepherd, whom I supposed Hartley had murdered in the lonely hut How is this?" asked the magistrate ; " your son swears that he saw your brains dashed out, and lying on the ground, dead." " My son's ower young as yet Maybe when lie just gets a little older he'll learn that it takes a guid hard blow before you see the brains of a Highlander." There was a slight titter at this, after which the old man continued— " Nevertheless, I had but a sair time o' it, I ken, wi' a bad fever raging after the crack on the head, and not so much as a drop o' whiskey left to cool my tongue wi'. Still, if I'd only known the young leddie there had set her heart so upon the laddie, its muckle while the sogers had waited ere they'd got what they wanted fra auld Allan, seeing as bow the Government reward was sma 1 cnou', and na varee likely to tempt an honest man to turn traitor against them as always paid him weel, and doon upon the nail." A laugh that was pretty general ran through the room as Allan terminated his very candid confession, and tb« magistrate saw that it not be easy to substantiate even a charge of assault and battery under the circumstances of the old man's accommodating disposition ; he therefore, at once dismissed the latter charge, and, without further parley, admitted me to hail : meanwhile a torm;il acqnitt 1 could be secured from the representative of the Crown. This was obt ined two days afterwards. It was murder, foul and treacherous enough, but Henry Walsingham was not the victim ; I was not the guilty party. VALEDICTORY. The old gentleman ended his narration ; but I gathered from hiin further how he and his old rival, Walsingham, became true and trusty friends. How the latter had built and occupied the second villa, which had formed «> prominent a feature in my sketch. How this friendship had continued year by year, until death at length had brought it to an end, and Henry Walsingham had breathed his last request into the atientive ear of Walter Graham. And the golden-haired youth and the fair blushing maiden, whom I bad met on my arrival, who were they ? Perhaps the answer may be guessed at from a paragraph which I saw in a Hobart Town journal only« few months since. It read as follows :-— "Onthe 14th , 18G6, at St. John's Church, Hobart Town, Henry, son of the late Henry Walsingham, Esq., to Ellen, only daughter of Walter Graham, Esq., of \- Villa, on the Derwent." Weekly Times. 