Fiction. Lucy Bo'bb's Sacrifice. By N. WALTER SWAN. ^BOOK THE FOURTH. Chapter XX. — Me. Farheli. Administers a Lecture. Some twenty of the miners left their tools next morning ?nd followed the remains of Digger Bill to the place of feurial, upon the bank that sloped down to the river. ?The men attended, moiled and bespattered as they were, from a vague feeling that their turn might not be long in coming. Hoping, too, that happily the burial service would be read above them, as Moore was reading it in some confused but simple hope that such ceremony would make them happier in that dim hereafter of which they knew so little. They stood round the grave bareheaded below the morning eun, listening to the words spoken ; recalling faces that had faded from tbeir circle, and the gone voices — in the bosom of the earth, thought they, there is rest from the fever and fret of life, and the toil and weariness of endeavour. There was Charley Johnston, as bright and fine a fellow as ever lived, better than they were by ever so much, lying among that clump of graves. Why should they struggle en in life and he be called to lie there? Why not they ? They would only be going after Charley. If that there bed with the green creeping over it was good enough for him it was good enough for them. Charley, maybe, was not over and above religious, but if there was anything like joining, after a poor fellow was dead and done with, they'd like to join Charley, wherever he might be. How could they be religious when there was no religion near them to take to ? They assisted each other. If a man got hard up they helped him, and managed a start for him. If some poor devil could sot afford a drink, and was frightened for the fever, they shouted for him. They paid their score, and did their work, and what more was for them to do. Those who could afford it eent money to their friends, what other duty had they ? They could not sit in their tents at night and sing hymns, that would be courting the fever to pay them a visit. They didn't work on Sundays, and one time when a parson came up from Cooktown they sent him back with £20, and listened to all he had to say without interruption. He called them miserable sinners, which they did not believe, but they wouldn't make a row for all that, and he told them they would be damned, which they would have stood from no other stranger in them diggings. On the whole, they did not know what more they ought to do that they didn t do, and if it so fell out, well, they were ready to follow Charley Johnston. There were other parts they knew of where they had got a parson to come to them often. Aye, as often as once a week, and some of the fellows took to religion and long faces, and a lot of them died, still that said nothing, they micht have died anyway, but sure enough since the parson got among them one half of the boys was bitter enough against the other half to cut their throats, when before there was just as kindly a feeling among them, as there was among themselves standing round that there grave. It was a rum thing, was religion. They'd do what wa6 for them to-day, and trouble no further. They were told to trust, in God. What else did they do every day of their lives ? Trust Him ! Ah, that they would. . lie would not be hard on poor fellows like them. Trust him ! — a thousand to one before they'd trust the parson that they gave £20 to for telling them' they'd be damned. Thus generally the thoughts of the diggers, while the ' fragrant earth was being placed over the coffin. And when the mound was formed and shaped carefully by Farrell, all turned homewards, with all the thoughts born of the little ceremony, as dead as the body that had been covered, yet to be again resuscitated at the next funeral, when any one there present might be lowered down. ' Well, even so, it was only a following of Charley Johnston.' It was by no means difficult to demoralise the settlement. The day that Crubey Bond half-strangled the blackfellow he caught stealing rum in his tent, was celebrated, by general' rejoicing, and with great profit to the urbane M'Phillips. Crubey was at first denounced as chicken hearted, because .he did not finish the other half of the strangling. Being a man of ready wit, he replied that it was his policy to make a walking advertisement of the nigger. He would let the tribe know that stealing rum was attended with difficulties. There would be no more rum missed for a time any way, and that was better for his friends than tasting a shower of spears one fine morning, whereupon the diggers became convinced, and toasted Crubey loyally and industriously for the remainder of that day. The burial of Digger Bill was no exception, and the bar of the hotel soon became busy with groups who discussed the funeral and the rum. There were not a few who would have spoken of the dead in terms the reverse of favourable had he been alive and present, but those com ments were silenced now. Men whose money he had won chose some other theme, although it was generally under stood that the occasion of the obsequies was the reason of the gathering. The men of letters who occupied the seat at the end of the bar entered upon abstruse subjects. One got as high as Pantheism, and another, with sublime courage touched upon Max Muller, and the science of religion, but after a few sustained efforts all got back again to flie ' Yellow Agony,' and the great future of quartz wining. It was understood that although rum, the great antidote, might be freely indulged in, yet the enjoyment of it was to be subdued. Euchre was permitted, but the eiyers felt constraint. They did not hammer their uckles so emphatically on the butcher's block, when . they spoiled a march, nor did the appearance of the right bower, on critical occasions, call forth those unrestrained pajans which were common characteristics at such develop ments of the fortuitous. On the whole it was a maudlin evening-. Men reviled their luck in terms of scornful contempt, and chose to regard life so far as their experience went, to be a mistake, and the particular goldtield on which they were located as the last place made. - There was invective even at the method of society, at the price of carriage, the dearness of meat and drink, but especially of drink. 'Who were shareholders i'* was scornfully asked, 'that they should send up machinery and expect the men there and then gathered to become partners in results. Why, they did all the labour. Machinery partners had no fever to fight, nor danger of death to face every day of their bloated lives, but readily enough would take their chare of the gold without word of thanks. There were better men there than the confounded capitalists. Why should they have money and do nothing, and the men at that bcr be called on to work and give them a share ? ' This was a burning and ? unanswerable question, only to be soothed by the great specific which M'Phillips prescribed and dispensed. ' I don't know what you think,' Farrell said to Moore in a corner of the dark bar, while watching the lazy lights clinging weakly round their mushroom wicks. ' lam sick of town life, and I don't care for sleeping in that room .again.' *? I am tired of it too, Mat.' ' The landlord is paid, the night is cooler for a walk ttan the morning will be. Let us slip away, and we won't bs followed, as we would if we started to-morrow.' 'What! start now?' 'That's what I mean. There is a good moon, and sleeping under a tree will be better than sleeping here.' In half an hour the men were out on the stony track, and bad crossed the glittering river bridged here and there with dark shadows, musical with faint murmurs, and starred witti the sfcy's reflection. They walked silently. There was no sound of tracking. The night was woven* of silver ana black ; the sky was radiant and the trees slept in the mystery of «hll shadows ; voices travelled with them for a while as they pissed lighted tents, but they grew fewer, « ™£ l*4teniie win68 of the white canvas ceased. HaJk^Bend^oo^ * *»*-?? *«* - -gards ' Except the object of getting the packet safelv into the hands of the girl he epoke of.' 'He repaid that service beforehand. The information lie gave is troubling me.' ♦? A man is in love with a lady and has a rich rival. money is not spared in the transaction. Is that your caee?' ' To some extent. The lady had accepted the wealth. I had warned her of the man who owned it.' ' Introth, you need guess no more, Moore. It was that fellow's money, whoever he is, that sent Renfrew in your company. He wanted to make sure of your absence till the knot was tied — though he mightn't have been afraid. A man that has money is always chosen, I notice. They say in books that women do not weigh money in regard to the best man, but take my word for it, servants, and horses, and toggery, and all that, fetches them. They think more of a gold watch and a gold chain than honour, and strength, and trutn. The man that finnikins about rings and pins, and doesn't forget to drag in bis own income, by way of make weight, is the strongest by odds, but supposing he did get Renfrew to try and win your money, I say small blame to him. Ail is fair in love, you know.' They trudged along silently for a time, feeling the sacredness that was in the calm. ' Some of those poor fellows behind us,' spoke Moore, breaking in on the monotonous tramp of their feet, ' think life hard enough, and not a few are weary of it — weary enough to feel careless as to what may come. Theirs is unhappiness bom of their circumstances, which may be removed any day. The unhappiness caused by a loss 'that can never be regained — by the hopelessness of a love that can never be possessed — by the knowledge that through it the aims and ambitions of life are destroyed — this is the worst condition. Wrestle to get clear of it, or to forget it, and it but clings closer. The ghost of it is always at your side, it inspires your dreams with glows of .happiness that the day light chases, for the reality of labour and of distance, and the knowledge that a love which made the summer of life is given to another — that is a suffering to follow one from day to day, from night to night and through the nights, to make the days lonely after the revealment of the pictures of what might have been. I hardly know what this feeling is like that possesses me. It is pot sorrow as for one dead — that would be endurable, and time would heal it. It is the knowledge of all that would have made my life a joy given to one whose character is vain and selfish, who could not understand one noble thought, or appreciate or attract the depths of tenderness and of goodness his wife possesses.' ' And she was all this? '' ' All this, and more.' ' Pooh ! don't talk to me like that. The noble thoughts and tenderness and things you talk about are all very well, but they don't hinder her from thinking more of a big house and dresses and parties than of you. She weighed you against the metal lost and the metal -won. It's Mar guerite's choice between the casket and the flowers overagain, and it will be Marguerite to the end of the chapter. Don't think I want to discourage you in your talk, Moore. I like to hear it, and it will do you good to have it out. But, as for the lady, if you saw her now (I suppose it's only 10 o'clock) swirling about and laughing with some hopo'my thumb, or wheedling her husband for a cheque for all the noble thoughts and graciousness and tenderness, you would wonder that your opened eyes had kept the glamour so long. How many girls have you seen in your life, I'd like to knowi'' Mr. Farrell asked, with huge contempt, ' I know half a dozen myself in the' Townland of Gorten dara that the best six in Australia could' nt hold a candle to, and I don't think they are married yet ; bachelors are scarce in those parts. Man, you should have seen me going oft' in the car on the way to Drogheda, where the ship was, when I left for Port Phillip. I called at all the neighbours' houses, and kissed the girls all round, dwelling on the hand some ones with emphasis and feeling. - That Clones is the finest wee town in the world for handsome girls, and so is the townland of Gortendara.' After another pause, Farrell resumed ; but this time there was a tremour in hiB voice. He was about to make a proposition which he had been thinking over a long time. ' What is the use of eating your heait away because a girl prefers money to worth. So you might indeed, if she was the only one to be had, and if there were not as good fish in the sea as ever were caught. I could introduce you to as many as you could shake a stick at, brighter and better than anything I ever saw in this country. Look here, Moore come home with me when we are ready to leave this place — away to the breezy moun tains and the lakes, and the shooting and hunting and the whisky. If you would,' he added earnestly, ' you would think you had only begun to live, and you would make me the happiest man in the country side. Is it a nice girl ? 'Pshaw ! What am I saying ? Is it a beautiful girl you want ? Come with me and hold up your finger, and in troth they'll be tripping you — true as we are here.' The men walked on, busy with their own thoughts, busy with each other's. When midnight came, they were walking. When the still hour was over the world that muffles'it and holds it waiting till the day is born, they had no thought of sleep. The fingers of light had crept among the trees and were limning out their shapes. The horizon's faint yellow field had turned to red, and birds and sounds of the new birth, and (he shadows that are on all things in life, had begun to lie among the first prospects of,the coming day — as on the first prospects of bevery coming or come blessing the world' has ever known. When the patch was ' gained, the sun was flaming down behind them, much as it had risen against their faces. The revolution of light and life was done, and stars and moon took up the silent running on the endless course. In the security of night and the peace of the darkness, the diggers contrasted the sounds of M'Phillips's bar and rooms with the silvery gauze mantling the forest and the plaintive voices that were in the stream. They worked on for many months till the rent they made on the* green carpet lengthened and broadened, wearing in amongst the trees over the bosom of a rising bank. The golden trail kept on till a shaded ravine cut it off. They tried to trace it on the other side. They digged deeply and carefully in the direction of its course, but there was no more hidden gold to be brought forth. ' A further tramp northward was made, and the old luck followed them to where were deeper digging and more toilsome work ; but they fought encroaching waters resolutely, and the reward was large. They had succeeded far beyond their expecta tions. They had worked every ton of payable earth up to a rocky barrier that rose sheer and outcropped on the hill above them. Said Farrell, who was smoking and sounding his pockets for his pipe, 'Look there. Look at those white spots straggling this way : there are half a dozen pack horses, if there is one.' 'I see them,' said Moore, after a pause, ' What do your keen eyes and quick wit make of them, Mat ? ' ' Only one thing. We are found out. Our packman has disclosed our whereabouts at last. Extra pay never kept a secret yet. If he is not there he has mates in the party, and be sure we will see one or two of his horses cropping round us before the night is down.' ' Next day the place was bustling. About 20 men were at work putting down holes in many directions, and echoes replied with numberless voices ; the solitude, where the hush had dwelt solemnly since the dawn fell upon it from the portals of creation, and the first night had revealed its won ders, was ejected, and fled for securer lodgment behind the invincible sentinels stationed far beyond the tangle and the march. Said Farrell to Moore,' We have had enough of Queens land mines. 1 have been longer at mining than you have, and I am satisfied. What good would our gains be to us if we were laid low, like Renfrew, or got shaken down to skeletons with fever. We have got our share, Moore,' he laid his hand on his friend's arm, and his usually careless voice grew slightly troubled. ' We have passed through danger and toil together, why should -we part because we leave the mines Y Let us go away home together, Willie, to the old house, where hearts are simple and loving, where friendship is lqyal, where there are as beautiful women hb ever set out with man on the journey of life. You are young and strong, there is a prospect before you as bright as heart could wish ; say you will come.' ' Do you know,' relumed Moore, softly, ' what it is to feel that there is only one face and form, one mind, one woman — to unceasingly compare her with all that is good and beautiful, to have her with you always, to talk with her mentally of all thoughts that come, and whatever aspi rations may be awakened. It is not that she is fair or beautiful, that her voice is musical, and her eyes are bright. It is because she has won the man, and in his mind there are none like unto her. She maybe plain and unlovely, but to him in whom she has awakened a feeling that absorbs hi 8 thoughts and gains his devotion, she is altogether peer less.' ' I am not very well up to arguing on euch a question! Moore, not having felt what you would, I suppose, describe as love, but to my plain thinking there is only one way of looking at this matter. Have you reason to believe the woman sold her love for you for gold? You need not answer. I'll 'go on after my own fashion. If she did, she is not worth thinking about, she is worthless and dis loyal to herself and to her future. If she did not you are simply a fool. You needn't look at me with surprise ; fool is the plainest and best word I can find. What ! wander away and make your daj-s and nights miserable, allow the joy and happiness the world gives to pass you by, because of ene who thinks less of you than I do of her ! — which is saying a great deal.' Moore was about to speak, but Farrell put his hand on his shoulder, and continued, ' Let me grant that she loves you, that this lady, whoever she is, is unhappy with her husband, and that you haunt her thoughts as much as she haunts yours — which I do not be lieve, mind you. In that case, William Moore, what do you think such honest and honourable men as live in Clones or Gortendara would ask you ? ' Farrell waved his hand at the horizon as saying — that townland full of sages and honourable men, who are the very souk of honour, is over yonder, ' they would say will your presence near her give her happiness, and if so, is the feeling of happiness so derived honourable and right ? ' Moore'B face was red below its bronze, and his head was sunk upon his breast. Farrell went on, ' If she has awakened to her duty and is bravely fighting against a feeling she thoughtlessly trampled on for the sake of wealth, is it right that the knowledge of your presence should weaken her efforts and render her struggle more severe. Is it just you should give her this added punishment because you love her. Does she know you are here ? ' 'Her father and sister know.' ' ' Then so does she. Look at the plain case, man. The woman is married. Will she be happier fulfilling her duty or thinking of you. Tell me that r' Moore raised himself with a sigh, and with shame in his steadfast face, ' Farrell, you are right, I am a fool. If my desire is that she should be happy, and heaven knows it is, I must take the step that will finally part us.' The other man laughed. ' It is because I have not been in -what you call love that I know woman so well. Why, you are conceited as well as foolish. Think of you ! You are as far from her thoughts this moment as you are by the miles of sea and of land that are between you.' But the keen-witted Farrell was wrong. Lucy Bogues at that time was sitting on an open spot of soft grass among bosky clumpB of trees beside her husband, and the carriage waiting on the old bush track behind them. She had fumed to watch his face, and turned again to wateh the dappled sky away over the trees and flowering heaths, sloping down to their blue sea line that coldly cut the horizon's warm tints and fancies. ' It was over there,' she thought, ' I sent him, heaven forgive me, for his sake,' again her eyes rested sadly and tenderly on her husband, '.' and for yours, I have chosen and have found my duty, my plain, womanly, wifely duty.' Aloud : u Are you tired, Robert ? ' And in the far distance their voices mingled, and words of kindness and respect were spoken. ' Because you see,' continued Farrell, after a silence, ' she must be a good woman to have won you, and being bo, she has chosen the better part — her duty.' ' Farrell, you have spoken rightly. I dare not but think so. You have shown me that self respect must guide thoughts as well as actions. What kind of place is Clones or Gortendara ? ' And Farrell did for Clones and Gortendara, in his own way, as much as Tom Moore ever did for the Vale of Avoca. ' Aye, Moore, lad, we have had our share, and we are not going to part.' Moore looked thoughtfully across the stretch where the men were working among the trees, and said ' Well, there is plenty of time to think of it. There are all the days till we leave. There is all the time of the voyage, and there will be a while in Melbourne.' 11 And there's just the finest place in the world in the North of Ireland, asking us over. It's enough to make a man forget (he hardships of the pa6t.' 