— i i i | -IB- ...... - - - 'Mn'm .'T&EtoOKaioaxoii;'s GHOST." (New York Graphic.) V ' ' I - V>'AJR'>I0HN aike Throckmorton died a few t a®gon a Mississippi plantation, to wlifeli -i l.'r R'iiad gone on a visit. He was sixty-five f ' f of age. and find served in both the Mexi- H:\l Sfll.n-.wnr nnd in the war of tlie Rebellion. but it : I! " t ' " W' |r«C? res not for his services in either that he was jii iff® Minibus in Louisville or through Kentucky. As A 1;fl: lie Courier Journal says, "it was a woman." ler name- was Ellen Godwin, and twenty-three fs'; j ;||t '-ears of her life were passed in teaching the man $> Ijl j/ of John Throckmorton and John Throck- J ijrorton's "ghost." Wherever John Tit ruck- f| Norton was se.en a shabbily dressed girl fol- r|); ;|| i|„weil after him. dogged him with her presence, a 1® rind haunted him like a nightmare. If he left jM l?| 1,in hotel in the morning to walk down the street m She shadow in dingy black appeared promptly at Miflp ids heels, saying not a word, nor breathing to fj h jKose who observed an intimation of her purpose. 3$ John Throckmorton was at his club this wo- lf|ijfpi'£:Sftii hung faithfully about the doors until he |t| :! j;|'aade liis appearance, and then wherever he went |if4l! ijfjlie followed, until, perhaps, he sought refuge in if If I jlii'is private chamber, where bolts and bars kept 5| j: l4;.er back. No matter if it rained pitchforks, if were hotter than Hades, or cooler than the | j| Uyireath of the Arctic, John Throckmorton np- | if! 'jearod not in public but that his shadow was $ close at hand to torment him with her presence, 1 j.'o taunt him with his crime, to teach hiiu re- I ventnnce. Her image was ever before his eyes: I die perched about him as relentlessly as Edgar l iii Allan Poe's raven sat upon KlH: ' Kb "> r The pallid bust of Pallas, |H|L Just above his chamber door — K : lot a nrnnbet or a thinsr of evil, but a woman HEfe'ull of vengeance, full of determination, a wo- HBK ,ian scorned. Throckmorton went to Boston, to 9lSTe\v York, to Philadelphia, to New Orleans, but HHffil't was all the 6aine, His shadow was faithful MgHBSin its pursuit. It couldn't he dodged. Even BBS-vhen this man sought refuge and surcease in |fi|jj|89<.he artny, his shadow, like a Nemesis, was still HglgUon his track. John' Throckmorton grew grey, SwSpnd thin and shaky with age, the girl grew into H|a woman, and with her matured womanhood MgKaeaine increasing determination. Site would make jgraDBl jiim suffer ; site would teach him contrition. jHjjjM The picture has been seen a thousand times on | lig.tlie streets of Louisville. A tall, slim man, with I iBa.'side whiskers, white hair, and a face ex- f. ||p -pressing mingled mortification and recklessness, ijF" in front, and a woman, shabbily dressed and I -closely veiled, shrinking along behind. "Tlirock- :.i : tnorton and his giiost," whispered the spectators, as the two inarched silently down the street. 4ih ii "The woman he ruined," speaks another voice. Ik- , - The woman he scorns rather," says somebody j' " else. " The woman who will die at his heels," v-- savsnnother and so they all talk. John Rnine | Throckmorton and Ellen Godwin keep up :j&\- i this weary journey through life. It is rare that :'i tliev speak to each other. Occasionally Throek- -k- it morion breatlies an oath or a threat, but the or " woman- only smiles. She is carrying out her V.i purpose. What does she care what Throckmor- 5j> ton says or what the world thinks V Some say y. ;; she is insane, but those who know her best say not. Throckmorton, among his friends, re- N fers to the woman as "his hell's delight." But £ - his prehension of carelessness is all nssuined. i Upon oue occasion, as the story goes, he meets l'|| -i| her on a bitter cold day in the Second-street lif j market and curses her. For once the woman's . temper gets the better of her. She seizes an |. c , ignoble weapon, a frozen .rabbit, and in the | ' ' twinkling of an eye John throckmorton has re- jj- ceived a blow across his face, and is tying g stretched out upon the sidewalk. Upon an ; other occasion there is, according to public tes- j|>. tiniony, a dramatic scene in the mouth of the g alley. rhrockmorton has become desperate. | He meets his "hells delight," and brings forth a | ' razor to cut her throat. She throws hack her p: veil with a smile of scorn, nnd says : — "Kill . me John Throckmorton, but kiss me first." The | : man becomes powerless with awe at the reckless J bearing of the woman, and flees from her sight, \ but soon she is on his track again, and it is the 5 ; obi, old story of " Throckmorton and his ghost." Si- At the expiration of twenty-three years a trial ji takes place in the Louisville Chancery Court. if1 Ellen Godwin is charged with lunacy by John m Throckmorton, and an inquest is held. The courthouse is filled to overflowing, and the ex- citement is intense. The prosecuting witness, with scores of other witnesses to back him, tells the history of the long years that the accused has dogged his footsteps. After a while Ellen Godwin is placed upon a stand to tell her story. ! She was a girl hut fifteen years of age, she says, i when she met this man, Throckmorton. He ! sought her out at home, and she learned to love i liim, subsequently falling a victim to his licen- tious caresses. -Even after this " I loved this j man," she said, " so passionately that I found i the deBire to be at his side Irresistible. I be gan to follow him upon the streets, solely be- i cause I loved him. He laughed at me, "and spoke sneeringly of me to his friends. He forgot the promises he had made me, and I forgot my love for him. 1 learned to hate him. Before I followed him about because I worshipped him. Now I determined to follow him because he had scorned me, and because I hated him intensely as I loved him.- I sought to teach him contri tion, but he was too proud to repent, ton stub born to seek tny forgiveness, and I was too re solute to forget my purpose, and so day after day, and night after night, have I been upon his track. I have suffered and so as he." Upon the occasion of this trial, Ellen Godwin stood the examination and cross-examination of the I counsel for the prosecution as firmly ne she had carried out her purpose of teaching John Throckmorton that a woman scorned is a woman wronged Tire jury, without leaving their seats, decided that the defendant was a sane woman, and the court promptly dismissed the petition of John Throckmorton, asking that she he com milled to the lunatic asylum. The trial, how ever, parted Throckmorton and his ghost. Ellen Godwin declared that she had exposed her faith less lover sufficiently, and gave up her intention to teach him contrition. Miss Godwin wrote the history of the entire affair, and has been of fered, by a well known publishing house, 10,000 dol. for the manuscript, which upon his earnest advice she refused, and the book was never published. Alias Godwin was quite a bril liant writer, it is said, and many of her articles were published by the leading magazines of the day. About a year ago she died of consump tion at her home on Jefferson-street, near Shelby. She. left behind her a neat little fortune, which passed into the hands of some of her relatives, -who still reside in Louisville, and are eminently respectable people. It lias been stated that she was always shabbily dressed when in pursuit of Throckmorton. This she did intentionally, he- cause, as she stated to her counsel, she wanted her own appearance to he as reproachful as pos sible. John Throckmorton and Ellen Godwin are botu dead now, but this story of their lives is an exemplification of the fact that " truth is stranger than fiction." 