CURRENT CATHOLIC LITERA- TURE. THE DUBLIN REVIEW, JULT, 1881. Noll. THE 5th article, a most interesting one at the present time, is on " The Revision of the New Testament." It is very ably written, and will be read with instruction and pleasure. The English Bible, the author remarks, has been likened to one of the old Catholic Cathedrals, nowdiverted from the purpose for which they •were erccted. In it, however, as in them, so many transformations have taken place that it is at present difficult to discern how much remains of the Catholic original. The Bible •was translated when England was a Catholic nation, was approved by Catholic bishops, and read in the homes of Catholic families. Every English Catholic, then, must feel an interest in the fate of the Bible, and must be glad at every effort honestly made to purify it of the many errors that were introduced by the false interpreters of its text. The Catholic church in England was injured in the estimation of the people chiefly by corrupt translations of the Bible. Had it been rightly interpreted it would have borne tes- imony to the true church of Christ, and would have remained the organ of His spirit, instead of becoming the teacher of every falsehood. The reformation was an appeal from the Church to the Bible ; but to a Bible expounded according to the private judgment of each individual. The Bible was revised by the Elizabethan bishops in 1568, and, after another more lengthened revision,it appeared in 1611 as King James's authorised edition. Though then it was not acknowledged, the present revisers admit in theirprefacethat evident traces of the Rhemish version, made from the Latin vulgate, may be found in the King's edition. The version of King James, little if any reference having been made to the original copies, contained many imperfcctionB and numerous errors. In the Old Testament it rested principally on the Masoretic text, and in the New on the incomplete versions of Stephens and Beza. These -were not sure foundations on which to build, and the fabric erected on them soon began to fall to pieces. To support its tottering weight for a while, to dress anew some of its corner stones, to remove the rubbish, and fill in the holes which the wear and tear of time have incised in its unprotected walls, was the motive principle that prompted the revision that has just been accomplished. rom the very beginning the numerous shortcomings of the authorised edition were aparent to every scholar, but few cared to undertake to correct them. At length Convocation in 1870, amongst the other matters that formed its comedy, addressed itself eriously to the matter, though the two provinces could not agree. The Northern Assembly thought it inopportune if not dangerous to touch the venerable relic lest it might crumble to dust. But the Convocation of Canterbury settled down to accomplish the work by itBelf, the University Presses finding the money as price of the copyright. The revision was to be performed by its own members, with liberty, however, to invite the co-operation of any eminent for scholarship, no matter to what nation or religious body they belonged. Two committees were formed, one for each testament, and rules were drawn up for their guidance. It was resolved to make as few ohanges as possible, to go twice over the work; changes to be settled by vote, the majority to have the text, the minority the margin. These rules were chiefly copied from those given to the revisers of 1611, exceptin the matter of voting. Gospel by ballot is the lateBt invention of Protestantism, aud settles its creed for the future. About fifty revisers were chosen in England, and thirty in America—Churchmen, Presbyterians, Baptists, Methodists, &c.; The Anglo-American Septuagint, with a few emergency men, was thus completed and empowered by Convocation, notwithstanding the great doctrinal differences that existed between the members of such a body, to revise the gospel of Christ and define its text and meaning. Since 1611, the date of the authorised version, a new science called textual criticism has arisen, which professes to enable men to'fix with absolute certainty by the aid of a few manuscripts, often hardly legible, the veritable text of scripture. This science, it is assumed, compensates for the loss of the originals, and empowers the critic to'ascertain and determine what the inspired writer actually wrote. The claims, however, Of this science, have not been verified by fact, for few of its prpfesBora can agree on the rendering of any given codex. Headers have had recourse to a strong lens to decipher a ilATDAnlftr IMMAm ge; * 'others 'nfllAn not nnt-. blessed Uaaaurl' with m^I. Vision have Ijeheld a different con- . The result has been tlhat textual ' 'ticism has dertrpyed the old received text, £ his failed tofind a new one Jn its stead. Js iidaW ttqnsiawabljr to the task of the R6Visew; theyjiad first to construot tirtitext/atod then Urtetoretit. And here ppV^^^' in^Bt; island astonished, that a ^lirchj^linjr it^elt Christian should deliver i tke^lbj,?, tW yry ^11 ? deed of its ex- ' ?tne j^qnlftubn <tf critics, some bf rten alid a half years of discussing and voting in 407 sessions, the first part, the revision of the New Testament, was accomplished and. published to the world on 17th May 1881. The Committee of the Old Testament will require a longer time. The new revision has been gone over seven times, and has twioe crossed, and reorossed the AUantio. Br. Ellioott on behalf of the Revisers, claims for the version thoroughness, loyalty to acknowledged versions, and due recognition of the best judgment of antiquity. The new version contains about nine emendations to every five verses in the Gospels, and fifteen to every five in the Epistles. In other wordB there are about 20,000 corrections, fifty per oent being textual, while 20 verses are omitted altogether. This olearanoe seems thorough enough. The changes oannot but open the eyes, if ttey can be opened at all, of Protestants who believe in the verbal inspiration of the pure, authentic, and unadulterated word of God, to the utterly untenable ground of their belief. The emendations now sent forth to the world, will at no far distant time be themselves emended, and in logioal accordance with the position assumed, the whole text will be eliminated by degrees. Rationalism will Boon accomplish the task. In the first days of Protestantism, private judgment determined what was saored Scripture, textual criticism now settles what it means, soon the higher criticism of infidel rationalism will reject text and meaning alike, and nothing will then remain but the goddess of reason, to direot the forlorn hopes of Protestant churches. In its speoial relation to Catholic doctrines, in some respects the new version is more favourable than the old. In the rendering of 1 Cor., xi. 27. it agreeB with the Catholic translation. The famous text, John v., 39, is no longer, Search the Scriptures," but " ye search," &c.;, thus taking from Protestantism the very reason of its exiBtenoe. In like manner its chief proof of the inspiration of the Bible (2 Tim., iii. 16.) iB wrested by the proper reading of the text; "Every Soripture divinely inspired is also profitable," &c.; Marriage is no longer held to be necessary for all unto salvation. Some amends are made to the Blessed Virgin, though the apparent harshness of our Lord's words to her in John, ii. 4. which Dr. Ellioott owns, contain, in the original, not the least tinge of reproof, but an address of courteous respect, are left untouched. The reviewer now adverts to some points to which he takes exception. For instance (Phil., ii. 6.) whioh the revisers translate " Christ counted it not a prize to be on an eqnality with God." So also they spoilt St. Paul's description of oharity by calling it love. It was expected that the revisers would get rid of hell and damnation in deferenoe to modem notions. Aooordingly, damnation is gone, hell no longer exists, Hades takes its place. The revisers have omitted many of the oddities of the authorised version,but have added not a few of their own. Nor is their grammar always aeoording to rule. The Amerioan revisers desired that the word Holy Ghost should be omitted, and Holy Spirit used instead. They would also eliminate all mention of heresy, whioh in their opinion means faction. They wished the Evangelists and Saints to be called simply Matthew, John, Paul, &c.; Aocording to their American ideas there is no distinction even in heaven. The reviewer takes speoial exception to the unwarrantable license with which the new revisers changed the proper nameB in the Bible; for they were given by the sacred writers as found in the ancient Septuagint. Coming to the most serious defeot—the parts the revisers took upon themselves to omit—the reviewer comments with just indignation and severity on their boldness in voting ont of existence twenty verses of the word of God. The Eunuch's baptismal confession of faith is gone, end the angel of the Pool of Bethsaida has vanished. The last twelve verses of St. Mark are detached from the rest of the Gospel as if ready to be thrown away. The account of' the woman taken in adultery is put in brackets as if awaiting excision. Many other passages have black marks before them in the margin, that some future critical judge may condemn them to death. But the presumption of the revisers to omit the wjiole testimony of the three heavenly witnesses (1. John, v. 7), evokeB the reviewers' warmest protest. Though the ancient fathers quoted the words in tbeir writings, and martyrs died in defence of their truth, they are cast aside by the ruthless critics of the day. The revisers assign as the reason for their omiBBion that they could not find the verse in the old Greek MSB. It may be so in those they consulted, but 1 that does not prove it did not exist in the inspired autograph itself. They think it was a gloss of St. Augustine that passed from the margin to thp text. This, however, is manifestly false, for Tertullian and St. Cyprian cited the words long before his tinfo. In the year 488, at the height of the ireat'Vandal persecution, four hundred African bishops, in synod assembled, drew, np.'a ptofession bf faith that contained the disputed'text. Many of these bishops afterwards' smiled their testimony with Aeir bWd. , 'Su«a|i« the verse a fejr modern critics ha^WrW. to expuhge from Trorevisers, hb^rw. 'f they intend to remain Christians, ' J ^ y spare tfoisj clear testimony ife* Christ, ^d the % HolyTrinity. Bocinianism wiUproflthJtJie'omission. Manv Protestants hjivpgiraa fcex J> Cardinal, Franzelin truly says, because they have up the dootrmes it supports. Agairist the omission of the htev«dy wto^»« tio ppot^b was heard, but long aoa iond werethe*raSl- ; ings raised becausethe deriltfas introduced into the Lord's Prayer. ThiB unpleasant individual the tnore advanced Protestants would like to be mentioned no more. Were Luther now alive, he would scarcely permit the extinction of his intimate friend. After all, the omission was to be expected, for heavenly witnesses aTe out of court in the Protestant religion — earthly as it is. Though the new revision has given a severe shook to the religious ideas prevalent in the minds of mariy, yet it may be the beginning of the dawn of the true light on their souls. For them the inviolable sanctity of the Bible must be gone. It is no longer the unsullied word of God, but the work of man, full or errors apd imperfections. The religion, therefore, founded upon it is not divine, but human ; not the unerring revelation of God, but the fallible product of man's invention. On the other hand, the doctrine of the Catholic Church, will gain new prominence and force, that the scriptures are powerless for good without her authority to witness to their inspiration, to guard their integrity, and to interpret their meaning. The 6th article treats of " Catholic Missions in Equatorial Africa." It describes at considerable length the origin of the missions for the conversion of the inhabitants in the vast midland territory of Africa, the perilous journey of the missioned to the Bcene of their labours, the favourable reception accorded them by Mtesa, the King of Uganda, their establishment in the provinces, and the first conversions effected by their preaching. The 7 th Artiole is "A recent contribution to English History." It treats specially of a very able and learned work by Father Bridgets Redemptorist, entitled " The History of the Holy Eucharist in Great Britain." In this book the author describes the result of the doctrine of this saorament on the individual life and public character of the various nations that formerly peopled England and assisted the formation of the English nation of to-day. The book itself, as well as the artiole on it, will be found most instructive and interesting. The 8th Artiole, by the Bishop of Emmaus, is on " Some reason for not despairing of a national return to the Faith." The paper take a favourable view of the religious movements now going on in England and expresses hope for a final happy result. The 9th Article is on "Mr. Gladstone's Seoond Land Bill." After alluding to the Land Aot of 1870 and the reports of the various commissions on the land question, it treats more directly of the late bill that Mr. Gladstone introduced into Parliament. Though oommending many of its principles, its criticism on the whole is not favourable. Vagueness of expression seems to predominate, which will likely give frequent opportunities for legal proceedings between landlord and tenant. The Article was written before the final settlement of the bill. Besides tha articles, the Review contains many instructive notices of periodicals and books, which would well repay the personal inspection of readers. 