ENGLISH AND FOREIGN AFFAIRS. (I'llOM OVJIt OWN COllttlîSl'ONHEST.) LONDON, Nov. ?!. Political topics would bo singularly scarco, woro not for tho harvest of rumours rotating to nest year campaign, which usually bogins to bo gathorod in tl opening nights of Novombor. Cabinet-making at th: season bocomes an interesting occupation, and tl possible phrases oC tho Queen's Spcoch aro general! first reckoned up about Lord Mayor's Day. Th municipal elections generally give a spurt to politic? activity, and at tho Guildhall Ministers ave suppose to wiso tho curtain somewhat on their intentions i respect to tho following year. I novor romombor sud activity amone; tho roconstructors of Cabinets a lhere hna boon during tho last ton days Tho provisional arrangements adopted at th formation of tho present Govornment, by whicl UT. Gosohcn was persuaded to go to Constantinople md Mr. Gladstono compolled to undortako the ostr, burden o£ tho Chancellorship of tho Exchequer tiaro given riso to many inconvonionces, am no doubt tho Primo MiniBtor would bo onbj (oo glad to re-nrrango matters moro comfortably In addition to th'iB, it is exceedingly dcsirabli that Lord Dorby should bo got into tho Cabinet, a; troll as Mr. Gosohon, while tho Lord ChnncoUor wish« lo rolire from ill-hoalth, and Sir William. Uarcour desires to exchango tho Homo Department for thi War Office. Thoso aro tho data upon which tho nowsmei havo sot to work, and certainly what with ncces enry, possiblo, and consequential changes, thcro is abundant material for thrco months' spccnlation Ilia visit of Mr. Gladstono to Knowsley naturallj raised tho presumption that ho carried a port folio with him, and Sir William Harcourt1! visit to Hawarden is a substantial corroboration of tho viowa of thoso who aro attempting to road whai is going on behind tho scones. Though changes arc sndoubtcdly in contemplation, it would bo idlo to attempt to designate them specifically as to tho nature cr the period at which thoy aro likely to occur. It mar bo taken for granted that Mr. Childers will bo tho now Chancellor of tho Ex- chequer, whensovor tho Primo Minister finds it convenient to relinquish tho post Sir William liar court would go to tho War Office, whilo Sir Henry James, tho Attorney-General, who desires a political ia preference to a judicial career, desires to get to tho Homo Office Sir Honry, howovor, is hardly a strong enough man for Cabinet rank, and it is not impro tibio that Mr. Forster might be glad to ex chango the trying post of Irish Secretary for tho Homo Department. Ho could do so with all tho greater paco at tho presont moment in eonsoquonco of tho suc ces which has attended his recent polioy in Ireland. Lord Cowridge would become Lord Chancollor, and Lord Derby and Mr. Goschon would have to bo pro- dded for. Thero was so mo talk of Lord Dorby accept, ingtha Viceroyalty of Ireland, but it seems difficult in tho face of his Nineteenth Century article. If ho jill eo it would avoid tho necessity of having fte Chief Secretary in tho Cabinet, for Lord Dtrby would himself bo equal to that Mr. Forster might then abandon the Irish Office and givo S« Henry James a chance of winning his political ¡pr» in that trying field. Tho Lord Chancollor of lidsnd has resigned, and Mr. Law, the Attornoy CfDfral has succeeded him. I may also allude to ll« ravivai of tho report that Mr. Gladstono will go to th Houso of Lords. Thero is no doubt that this step is being urged upon him, and ho night rotiro to tho Upper Chamber with ndraotogo to his own health, and to his party and tho country. But Mr. Gladstone's own personal feelinga must bo reckoned in this matter, and thcro is no indi- carán as to how he regards tho idea. At tho sanio lime it is quito possiblo, and ought wt to bo left out of calculation. The "Government stump," like that of the Opposition leaders, has now been brought to a close. Tho echoes of Mr, Gladstone's triumph at Leeds havo died away. Mr. Chamberlain has con- duced his visit to Liverpool, and Sir William Har- court, having oxorted himself vigorously at Glasgow and Cumberland, has rotixed to diseuss matters quietly with tho Tromior nt Hawarden. Tho speeches have been, on tho whole, remarkably able, whether wo regard Mr. Chamberlain's ablo demolition of fair trade, hissobor defence of the Transvaal policy, Sir William Harcourt's humorous sallies and pungent criticism at Glasgow, or his valnablo speeches on tho treatment of our yoong offendors, and tho repression of crime gene- rally, at Cockermouth. Tho Homo Secretary, it ia true, fell into an awkward slip at Glasgow. Ho com- pared Lord Salisbury's foreign policy to tho ancient sta- tus which had ito hoad of brass and its f oet of clay. As » mattor of fact, as many of Sir William's scripturally read hearers could havo informed him, tho statue in question waa not constructed as ho described, but had a bsad of lino gold, and feet only partly composed of clay. Public mon lately havo beon singularly apt to fall into blunders in thoir Biblical roforences, and Mr. Gladstono and Mr. Bright ought oithor to próvido their colleagues with Bibles, or require them to restrict them- selves to profane literature in thoir quotations. Tho effect cf the Ministerial tour was felt in tho Berwick oleotion. Tho return of tho Liberal candidato by a majority of Dearly two to ono in a constituency whore parties have always beon closoly divided, and where Mr. Gladstone's LordAdvocato for Scotland was dofoatedby a majority of two last year, can only, in tho absence of local natters, be interpreted as a sign of tho popular approval of the Government policy. On tho other hand tho municipal olcctioiis mark a sensible gain to tho Conservatives. As indices of political fool- ing tho municipal elections aro absolutely untrust- worthy. Into many of them political fooling docs not enter, and into all of thom tho matter is decided by local tests. This year, ho wovor, tho contests for town councillors possess somo exceptional value, hecauso as a nile the Irish voters gavo thoir support to tho Conserva- tive candidates, and at Liverpool and in some smallor Lancashire towns the desertion of tho Irish voters turned tte scale. In many cases tho result did not seem appreciably affected by tho Irish vote, and in some notable cases, Buck as Manchester, LocdB, &o.;, tho ad- vantage rested with tho Liberals, The condition of Ireland is encouraging. Tho Land League has not recovorod from its ovorthryw, and tho "norent" policy has complotoly collapsed. A new ditli culty has now arisen. Making a virtuo of necessity tho agitators still ut largo have ceased to persuado tho/ tenants not to go to tho Land Court, aud aro endeavours ing to swamp tho Court by the multitude of tho »pplications. Theso certainly havo incroased ïn formidable proportions. A weok to-day, thero woro somo 4000; Saturday morning brought 3000 fresh ones, and they havo gono on increasing till thero ave now probably 15,000 or 16,000 applications forwarded to tho court. Mr. Juatico O'llagan had to suspend tho sittings for a day to onablo tho registrar to overtako bis arrears. The difficulty is not insurmountable The,Court will solect test casos, and constitute them précédents for tho romaindor. It is not tho fact that these applications havo to any groat oxtent been made with any malicious design. Indeed, it is not unlikely only the spleon of the baffled agitators which Usda thom to claim tho credit of inun äating tho Court with elionts. It is not likoly that tho tenants who rojoctod thoir " no rent " schemo, would Mindly follow thom in tho idiotic attempt to discredit tho Land Court by Bwomping it. Tho chances aro that tho applications aro in tho main bona fido, and tho rapidity with whioh they aro inorcasing ia attributablo to the disposition of tho peasantry to movo gregariously °n any plan they may adopt. Tho first decisions of the 6nlwommÍEsioncr8 havo been luckily in favour of tho applicants. As much aa 25 por oont was taken off tho wat of an applicant at Castloblayney. If ono man can pt his ront roducod by one-quarter, it is not likely that his neighbours would hesitato long about following his «ampio, and this albno would account for no email pro pottiori of tho applications whioh havo flooded tho Land wurt this wcok. Tho Itoman Catholio bishops »wt altogether como ovor tb tho side of tn Priment, and tho lessor olorgy are Wlowing thea exampla. Priosts oro now deaounciuir tho Land Loaguo from tho altar, and tho " no ront " manifesto has encountered unanimous ecclesiastical censuro, Archbishop M'Cabo has novor concealed his antipathy to Mr. Parnell's agitation. For a timo it Boomed that his inlluenco was counteracted by that of/ Archbishop Croko. Tho Prirnnto has now iesuod nA important pastoral condemning tho Lund Lcar/ao policy. Thia has ovoked warm protests from, tho League nowspnpors; but in spito of tho oxiiorta tions of those organs, tho clergy havo orccoptod generally tho advice of thoir eccleeiastioal supe- riors, in Dublin tho courage o£ tho r'espr/cl-j.bJc hus slowly rovived, and tho Leaguors, who wc rc .fast domi- nating tho metropolis, aro now disorganized by defeat. Tho groat trial of strength took place or. Tuesday weok, whon it was proposed to confer tho fre'edom of tho city on Mr. Parnoll and Mr. Dillon. Every effort was mado by Mr. Gray, M..P., and tho iVeo .man's Journal lo cajole or intimidate tho Lib/Jrala and moderate llomo Ilulora into voting witîi tho Extromo party. Thoy succeeded in keeping, 'away a number of councillors who would have voted against tho proposal had they had tiut courago to crime forward, but tho motion v.'as, nevertheless, defeated. It is truo that it roquired tVj casting voto of tho Lord Mayor to turn tho, tsealo, but ûvon this was a significant victory. . For it rau.3t ho romcmbetod that 10 out of 23 'who voted in .'¿'avour of Mr. Gray's proposal woro puMkans who might havo boon " boy cottod," and tho/M absentees v/oro all opposod to tho motion. On th/j following d'ay an attempt waa mado to hoot tho Lord Mayor by a rabblo, but tho friends of ordor wore .sufficiently numerous to protect him, and at a banquet in tho evoning he was received most enthu- siastically. Mr.- Sexton, M.P., has been roleascd after 18 days' confinom'»nt on account of ill-health, and is about to go abrciid. Mr. Parnoll and tho remainder of tho suspocts arc su Injected to stricter watch, in consequence of tho " no ron b" manifesto and other documonts having been issuod from liilmainham. Throughout tho country tho police aro successfully engaged ia crushing oui; tho embers of tho Loaguo organiz- ation, and daily arrests tako placo among local socrotaries iand others who rofuso to submit to tho díctalos of the law. An attompt has been mado by tho Lcag'ao party in Dublin to get up some popular sympathy for Dr. Kenny, tho Loaguo surgeon, who has been arrested and dismissed by tho local Government Board from hiei appointment as medical officer to tho North Dublin ¡Poor Law Union. This gentleman is generally supposed to have smuggled tho " no rent " manifesto out of gaol, and the subscription which is being got up for him, is merely an attompt to keep alive tho memories of tho League. A Buspect will probably be put up for tho Beat in Dorry, vacated by Mr. Law, but everything goos to show that these efforts to keop up tho agitation have only a transitory influence, and in no caso have thoy been attended with success. A meeting of Leaguers in London last Saturday waa broken up in a pnblic-houso by tho landlord, because ho said tho polico had warned him that if ho permitted it his liconeo would be op- posed. Tho Scotland-yard authorities havo repudiated any complicity in tho matter, and it is to bo brought before tho Homo Secretary. Mr, Goldwin Smith has mado a courteous;reply to tho Prince of Wales's rocont observations at Swansea, by staling that ho had no fault to find with the ¿Boyal Family in tho matter of laying foundation stones. They had, for tho matter of that, laid a quarry full of thom, but they had never done anything for Ireland. This, indeed, was Mr. Smith's o riginal complaint, and H.B.H. rather avoided tho isauo at Swansea. Mr. Smith is wroth with tho Irish far voting against tho Liberals at tho municipal oloc'ii'ons, and asks them what tiley hopo to get from tho Tories ? Ho refers them for an auswor to a speech by tho Duke of Abercorn, in which tho ox-Viceroy states that had tho Conservatives been in power they would n ot havo been satisfied with seizing two or three o'L the leaders of tho Irish agitation at the eleventh hour, but would havo swept tho wholo lot into prison long/ago. Thia seems conclusive enough, but Mr. Smith Shouldromem bcr that whon coercion is applied it generally cornea through tho Liberate, for tho simplo i.eason that whilo a Liberal Government can obtain tho, support of their own party and the wholo body of the Con- servatives, tho latter could on'/y carry coercion in tho teeth of a floreo I.rieh and Radical Opposition, and would probably en counter a flank attack from "Whigs ovor anxious to turn thom out of omeo. Sir Robert Peel's caso is ono in y «int Tho publication of Secretary Blaino's despatch 01 tho Panama Canal question crea ¿ad some sonsation in thii country. It encounter od vigor,oas criticism, because ii putting forward tho extrome Munro doctrine the Unit« States disregarded Great Brit ain's claims as an Amoricai and Oceanic powor, as well hs tho principles laid dowi in tho Clayton-Bulwor troa ¿y, which was signed fouj years after that on whioh Mr. Blaine based his olaimi for an exclusively Amc/ican protectorate. Still thi differences wero not so great as tho Jingo pres: tried to malro us 'believe Certain politician! tried to raise the/ anti- American ghost, bm it would not wal¿. Englond's relations witt America aro now too oloso and cordial for anj ill-feeling to arise ,bvcr a question of this sort. Th( general feoling hore/was that it would be prejudicial to England as wr/11 as America to havo a general European guorant-ie of neutrality of the canal. Still, w< aro not disposed to forget that our American, and particularly our South Pacific, interests aro toe important to bc utterly ignored for a fanciful adhorenco to a doctrino which, though correct ir tho main, would bo absurd wero it indfo criminately applied. Tho incident has not perceptibly marred the relations between tho two countries. In thc Lord Mayor's procession noxt week tho Stars and Stripos will havo a /prominent placo, and a special guard of honour will bo ¿ssignod them. Tho meat received by tho Garonno was of very small sixc-too pmall foir tho English market-and is con- sequently averaging a low prioo, not moro than 3Ad. a pound. Thero /ia, moreover, a dull market, and this, too, has contrib utod to tho dooline. Some of the car cases in this cargo havo been condemned. This result ia attributed to* an intermediary thaw having taken place while tho meat was in transit. Tho rntififjatiou of tho Boer Convention by the Transvaal Vólksraad is a signal success for tho Govern- ment. It j/jstifios tho resoluto stand they made when tho Volks/.aad hesitated, and abovo all, it closed tho mouths of tho Tories, who said their determination was not real. Tho negotiations for a commorcial treaty with Franco have agf du broken down, and tho British Government will now wait for the advent of M. Gambetta to powor. As M. Bouvior, a pronounced Freetrader, and the leader of tho Opposition in tho Chamber to tho prosont tariiî law, it is only reasonable to < assurno that, dospito the hostility of tho Sor/ato, and tho strength of tho Protectionist party out BÎfio, an arrangement will bo come to. Tho principal difficulty lies in cotton and wool j and as tho British fjommissioners would not accept less favourable terms . than those contained in tho 1860 treaty, and as tho oxisting French Government would not concede their demands, it was useless to continuo tho deliberations. Mr. Errington, M.P., has gone on a mission to tho Vatioau, which has boen iho subject of niuch-oxngge rnted speculation and gossip. It was represented that ho was commissioned by tho British Foreign Ofilco to opon up negotiations with tho Vatican for tho settlement od all rpicstions relating to England and Homan Catholicism all over tho world. An imagi- nary list of subjects was givon as. favouring tho subject of thoeo deliberations. As a mattor of fact, Mr. Errington wont to Boroo, ou behalf of a number of Irish Catholic families who regard with unoaainess tho facility with whioh tho Irish Catholic clergy can ho drawn into any movomont antagonistic to tho British Government. At tho samo timo it is believed Mr. Errington is aware of Lord Granville's views on 6ovoral subjects between England and tho Vatican, and is authorized in ah informal niannor to exchange notes with tho Curia. Tho goncral election in Gormany hus resulted in tho dofoat of Princo Bismarck's social economic schemes. No majority eau bo found in the now Parliament for tho Chancellor's proposals, and tho somi-offioial pross of Berlin is howling ogainstall constitutional government, and that of England in particular, whioh forms tho modol of tho German Liberals. In ltussia thoro is a revival of Nihilist activity, consoquont on tho approach of winter. Tho long nights cloak tho acts of tho conspirators, whilo tho winter furs onablo them to concoal their features. Tho manufacturo of explosives has boon recommenced, and warnings aro hoing laid on tho Emperor's tablo, as of old. It is singular that tho solitude of Buoh priso- ners as Gatohinov and Poterhoff oannot eavo Aloxandor ; III. from the samo or&otieei; whioh followed his father to thro gravo. Tho Slavophilo press is uneasy at tho vip'/t of King Humbert to tho Emperor of Austria. I'/ their joalousy havo any foundation at all it argues that, notwithstanding tho Dantzio interview, Russia failed to shako tho Austro-Gorman allianco, or oven to forco herself into it. ?_ Wo extract from tho papors to the 4th No- vember tho following additional items of European intelligence : A Parliamentary return hus boon issued of tho cost of tho several colonie» uf tho Empire to the British Exchequer between 1869-70 and 1879-80. Tho net expenditure dur- ing that period for civil ¡ind other services wis £2,2S5,310; and for itfilitary Services, £2G,406,1S9. In 1870-80 tho net total ftfr iirmy purpose* was £!3,413,2iS, oxolnsivoof £30,646, '»tho amount by wriich the roccipts from Ceylon exceeded tho expenditure. Tho Hums allowed for military Hcrvicca during tho year mentioned were:-Gibraltar, £387,196; Malta, £391,666; Cyprus, £74,020; Mauritius, £17,001; Ber- muda, £182,327 ; St. Helena, £23,001 ; Hongkong, £80,856; South Africa, £1,842,291; Jamaica, £72,760; Bahamas, £7621; Honduras, £10,312; West Indies, £101,622; Nova Scotia, £117,402; West Coast of Africa, £12,516; Straits Buttloments, £18,506; and Western Aus- tralia, £11,174. Lady Fergusson, wifo of tho Right Hon. Sir James Fer- gusson, Bart., lato Govornorof Now Zealand, ha3 just had conferred upon her by her Majesty tho Imperial Order of tho Crown of India. Mrs. Adiim, widow of tho late Governor of Madras, gets a similar decoration. Our readers will learn with much gratification that her Majosty has been pleased to recognise tho services of Mr. John C. Nowbory, Mr. John Cashel Hooy, and Mr. Jonathan Binns Wore, in connection with tho recent Mel- bourne Exhibition, by bestowing upon them tho Order of Companions of St. Michael und St. öcorgo. Mr. J. Prendergast, Chief Justice of tho Supremo Court of Now Zealand, has just received tho honour of knight- hood. Tho investigation into tho Nownrk (U.S.) Bank defalca- tion shows that Baldwin had an arrangement with Nugent and Co. to receive 1 per cont, on all loans to them. The examinor estimates tho sum stolon at 2,246,000 dollars. Tho district, attorney has domanded tho eurrender of all Nagont's stock and property as soon as u rocoiver of the bunk is appointed. Tho books show that Nugent overdrew his account this year alone 315.000 dollars. Tho president of tho bank has been sued by a depositor for 25,000 dollars damages, charging neglect of duty. Some of tho directors do not bcltovo that Nugent has received all tho money. The public sent iment strongly condemns tho negligence of the directors and the president. I It 18 said thar Mr. Bradlaugh contemplates commencing an action for libel against certain eminent personages for libelling tho Secularistlcadcrs. Oncof these must certainly bo tho Bishop of Manchester, who is not exactly tho mon to run away from his own words. lt appears from a purugraph in a society journal that Mr. Gladstono always prays beforo his groat speeches, and on no occasion was this moro noticeable than on his recent visit to Leeds, when ho buried his face in his hands for a fow seconds preparatory to commencing his famous speech to tho 23,000 electors congregated in the Gladstono Hall. A' curious law snit is now ponding in tho Civil Tribunal of Marseilles, in which tho Empress Eecém'e is défendant, and tho municipality of tho city appears us plaintiff. The J subject of dispute is tho Imperial rosidonco, as it seems still 1 to bo called, at l'oint Pharo, near Marseilles. This build- Í ing was orccted upon' laud that had been given to tho j Emperor by the city. ' Tho death is announced of Mr. Archibald MacArthur, tho oldest man in Scotland, which took place in a cottage in Dunoon, Argyleshire. Ho was born in the parish of K.U morrish, Argyleshire, on September, 5, 1777, and was thus in his 105th year. It is said his faculties remained un- clouded to tho last. For many years ho carried on evange- listic work among tho Gaelic population. Respecting Australian wiucs, a correspondent writes to a London paper:-''What have tho commissioners of tho Australian colonies to say about tho proposed French treaty and its consequences upon tho development of Australian wines ? I was presont at tho first meeting in Melbourne, held in Bourko-street, 1861, to consider protectionist duties upon British manufactures, and I well remember the argu- ment used, that if the homo Government gavo for 10 years tho preferential duties in favour of Australian winos,' that wero given to Spanish and Portuguese wines during tho French war, the wines of Australia would be ablo to com- peto with the world ; but so much dead capital for cellarage alono, which is the great causo of French wino superiority over Australian-leaving out of consideration tho years it takes to thoroughly develop a vineyard-told heavily against tho colonies. Suroly our colonies in Australia have a right to this preference. With populations less than a French department, they consumo five times as much British manu- factures as tho wholo of Franco. Tho first masters of political economy admitted that considerations of protecting our naval strength in its orisin from the mercantile sailor were ubovo their laws. Will not their argument carry furthor, to establish a vast colonial industry that will bo repaid in consumption of our manufactures? A preferential duty upon a luxury is well worth consideration by our country at home. If freo trado gone mad allows a treaty of commerce wi th Franco, surely a treaty with our own kith and kin in Australia can bo permitted." Tho Church Review understands that tho Rov. Canon W. J. Knox-Littlo has received pressing solicitations from various members of tho Australian Episcopate to undertake; a series of missions in Holbourne, Sydney, and other cities ; of that great continont during tho coming year, to which ho j has partially acceded. His recent appointment, however, i at Worcester, while continuing to disohargo his duties as rector of St. Albon's, Cheetwood, makes it doubtful whether he will be able to carrv out his original intentions. Tho initiative in this invitation was taken, it is believed, by the Right Rev, Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop of Melbourne. The Roman Catholic Archbishop of Dublin issued a pastoral, which waa read in all the churches and chapels of his diocese, strongly condemning the recent action of tho Land League. Ho describes tho manifesto as at once " ossm'ling the eternal law of God, and striking at the foundations on which society rests." " If tho advice to pay no rents bo not tho teaching of Communism, Communism is yet to bo defined." Tho prioste aro not all yet, however, amenable to tho advice of tho prelates. Thus, in county ' Wexford, the Rev. Mr. Walsh dravo into Now Ros» dressed in the hat and coat of a man who had been arrested under tho Protection Act, and addressed tho people in a violent speech, telling thom to pay no rent. Of tho frozen moat trade tho correspondent of tho Argus writes:-"If somo three or four consecutivo cargoes of good_ crossbred eheep could be exposed for sale direct to tho public, and wero labelled and udvortised as Australian meat, a very decided forward movement would havo been accom- plished. Tho meat would ho certain to soil well, and buyers would find they wore getting a really sound Rood article at a very reduced roto ; and, although the establishments may not, pcrhups, pay directly, they would, by educating the public tosto, convineo tho butchors that "it was to their interest to keep Australian meat in their shops, and not bo afraid to admit tho fact. Tho matter is ono for the con- sideration of the exporting companies, but at presont wo have this deadlock-viz., exporters wishing to supply the English public with meat and tho public .anxious to* pur- chase, but not knowing how thoy can obtain it." A shocking accidont befell tho Burton and Loicester ex- press, on tho Midland Railway, at Desford, near Leicester, on October 22. At tho siding u coal train was shunting, and, the points being opon, tho oxpress came dashing ahead, tho signals being cloar ; and beforo tho driver saw tho mis- take that had been mado by the pointsman an awful collision occured, and the passenger tram was wrecked. Tho train running at about 50 miles an hour, tho forco of the I collision was very great, und throe lady passengers wero [ thrown forward with such violence that their necks were broken, and thoy were killed on the spot. The engine and tender wero raised in tho air, riding over six waggons, dashing them to pieces, and finally rolling over on their sido ; tho driver and the fireman wero.thrown on the ground, and discovered with boiling water flowing over them, tho ilesh coming off their bonos. Two very strongly built bogey carriuges on tho front part of the train wore tele- scoped into ono another, and piled in a heap of ruins. The front van was dushed to atoms, only the wheels being left. Tho guard's vim of the goods train shared the sarao fate, and tho guard had a wouderful escape. Tho guard of the passenger train was cut and wounded, und was found covered with milk cans. j 