WINTER STEEPLECHASE MEETING. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) Saturday Evening. A dull day and a cloudy sky, threaten ing rain, iv.is not a propitious augury for Mr Byron Mooro's first meeting. How ever, the weather proved, after all, kind, and, though rain fell in Melbourne, none visited the course while tho spectators were about. His Excellency the Governor jvas present, tho stand and tho carriage paddock had a fair attendanco without being inconveniently crowded, tho hill was more"scantily furnished with visitors, and the flat had only a fow hundreds dis porting themsolves on it. Nevertheless | there were probably from ten to twelve thousand people at tho ground during tho day. Tho arrangements were of a charac ter wo have becomo familiarised with, though all the events were started late, and tho only serious accident was | that to tho boy Barlow, in tho Selling Hurdlo Race. Some interest was created by a report that Oorrigan, tho woll-known jock, had backed himself to win on four | successive mounts. In this he nearly succecded, actually winning the first I three and finishing second on Twilight, ' after an exhibition of splendid riding. In the Soiling Hnrdlo Race tho winner, Pre- | sident, was bought in at £310. Tho ladies mustered in fair force, though tho dresses | were, of courso, walking ones, and generally sombrc-hncd. Furs and seal skin jackets were n ecessarily dc rigucur, tho now Robin Red Ridinghood bonnets were conspicuously numerous, and maroon, or in some fow cases a pink over maroon, the color most genorally noticeable. Tho races followed each other at short inter vals and tho first was the MAIDEK HUIIDLE RACE. Sweepstakes 5 sovs., with 150 added. For horses that have never won an ad vertised Hurdlo Race or Steeplechase. About two miles. M. JLoughlin's b g Handy Andy, lOst ' 121b (Corrigan) ... 1 J. M'Grade's b c Mulatto, 9 st 71b (Ryan) ... 2 R. Howie's b c Lothair, 9st 71b (Mas call) ... 3 | The following also started : Albyn, Star, Now Zealand, Landlord, Yan Tromp. Betting-7 to 4 against Handy Andy, 5 to 4 against Star. Lothair got best away, but after running about threo quarters of a milo, with Star and New Zealand in attendanco, was col lared by Handy Andy. Mulatto, who had been going well in the second divi sion, here drew up and assumed second place, which he maintained to the finish, ending about throe lengths behind Handy Andy. Lothair finished third, and Albyn fourth. Time, 3 min. 59£secs. MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE. Sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, with 150 | added. About two miles and a quarter. Robertson and Wagner's b g Great Western, list 121bs (T. Corrigan)... R. Howie's b g Collingwood, list 81b (Scobie) E. Weeks' g g Fairlie, lOst 91b (J. Elliot) Swiss Boy, Actress, and Proteus also started. Betting : 5 to 4 agst Great Westorn, G to 4 agst Collingwood. At tho start, which was a trifle lato, Actress went off with tho lead, Proteus | well up, Collingwood lying third ; but, as they neared tho Abattoirs, Collingwood took first place, and Actress, baulking at the fence opposite the sheds, was throw a | out. Great Western hero came up to second place, little Fairlie, who looked heavily weighted for tho difficult country he had to travel over, coming third ; Proteus and Swis3 Boy exhibiting awkwardness in negotiating the obstacles, and showing signs of distress. The wall opposite the stand was cleared by Col lingwood and Great Western almost to gether, Fairlio lying out six lengths bo- j hind, Swiss Boy hopelessly in tho rear, Actress making up lost ground. This order was maintained along tho river, where Groat Western forged half a longth ahead of Collingwood, and Fairlie made a fine rush, but foil back again into third place, ovidently not fast enough ; the others hopelessly beaten off. From this point tho race was never in doubt, Great Western and Collingwood galloping along easily together, but tho former having ovidently tho best of it. At tlio last fence Great Westorn jumped rather awkwardly, but instantly recovored, and turned into the straight, about half a length in advance of Collingwood, Fairlio being at least ton lengths behind. Actress fell at tho fence near tho training ground, and Great Western coming along with : ease, Corrigan sitting still on him, won quietly by a clean length, Fairlio finish ing ten lengths in the rear, Actress quito two hundred yards behind. Time, five ] minutes thirty-two and a quarter seconds. ORAND NATIONAL HURDLE RACE. Handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs., with 300'added. About three miles. M. Loughlin's b h Sir Peter, list 41b (Corrigan) A. Saqui's b g Cumberland, 9st Clb (M'Innes) J. Winter's b li Dhurringile, lOst 31b (F. Hey wood) Jack Tar, Mulatto, Dutchman, Cyclops, Rhesus, Discount, Young Alfred, Spec- I trum, Fictitious, andRoebuck also started. Betting : 5 to 4 against Sir Peter, 5 to 1 against Discount, 7 to 1 against Jack Tar, 10 to 1 against Cumberland. Rhesus was quickestjon. his legs, Dhur ringile a good second,- with Jack Tar, Mu latto, Discount, and Young Alfred in the first division ; but, going along the river, Spectrum crept up into third place, and at -.he bridge Cumberland pressed forward, iji'id assumed the lead. At this point Roe buck lost hi.s rider, Jack Tar fell, and, at the abbattoirs, Spectrum baulked. At the sheds the first and second divisions closed together, and the pace became faster, the fencing being still cleanly performed, though the ground, after yesterday's rain, was necessarily very soft. Passing the stand, Dhurringiie had an advantage of nearly a length, Rhesus pressing him, Cyclops, ivho had crept into prominence the straight, third, Sir Peter fourth, Discount fifth, Cumberland sixth, and the rest in a heap. Hero the paco increased to a cracker, and but little change took place until the abattoirs were passed, when Sir Peter, with a rush that could not bo denied, separated from the second division, and took first place. The last fence was successfully negotiated, and, coming into tho straight, Cumberland was seen to bo pressing Sir Peter, Dis count for a few seconds looking dange rous. At tlie carriage paddock Discount fell back beaten, and a grand strugglo took place between Cumberland and Sir Poter, terminating in the victory of tho latter by a short neck. Time-Five minutes forty-two and a half seconds. Tho result was received with great cheering, a3 much speculation had bcon indulged in. 0ItAUD NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. A handicap sweepstakes of 15 sovs., with 400 added. About three miles. F. C. Goyder's b li Sussex. 13st lib (Batty) ... 1 M. Loughlin's b m Twilight, list 41b (Corrigan) 2 E. Weeks' br m Lucy, Oat 111b (El liot) ... 3 Abdallali, Victor, Gazelle, and Taraxi cum also started. Betting : 5 to 4 against Twilight, 3 to 1 Sussex, 5 to 1 Lucy. Taraxicum, Sussex, and Twilight, in that order, led past the stand, with Lucy, fourth. Going along the river Taraxicum increased his lead to aboutfour lengths, but, nearing the bridge, went round tho jump. Victor followed suit, and Lucy assumed the lead, with Twilight close up ; Sussex held back into fourth place. Nearing tho sheds Twilight drew lovel, but Lucy again headed him, and Gazello, pushing forward, took third place. At tho turn into the straight, Twilight and Lucy were together in the lead, tho rest close up, and at the wall opposito tho stand Abdallah landed clum sily, and threw his rider, Hill, who was unablo to recover himself, and conse quently was put out of tho race. Gazello took the lead along tho riverbnnk,but only for a fow seconds, as Twilight and Lucy again drew up, and Sussex began to de crease Ilia distanco from the leaders. Tho riding of Elliot on Lucy, up to this point, was peculiar, he continually boring Cor rigan, and crossing him at every "jump. Going round the back of tho coursc, the pace was greatly increased, and some ox citement was created when at tho sheds Sussex seemed unable to get up, and fell back three lengths behind the others. He came again immediately, and at tho last fenco was leve!. Here Gazello stumbled in landing, but made a grand recovery, and tho lot came well together to tho turn. Corrigan, however, had to put tho whip up, and gallant little Sussex raced away with ease, winning a fast event, in seven minutes two and three-quarter seconds, by two lengths. SELLING HURDLE RACE. Sweepstakes of 3 sovs., with 100 added. Two miles. E. Jollet's br g President, 9st 121b (Jellet) ... 1 J. M'Donald's br h Albyn, 9st 121b (Hill) ... 2 F. Lang's ch li Union Jack,« 8st 121b (Wilson) ... 3 Pioneer, Nimrod, Zephyr, Mario, and Monitor also started. Botting : 2 to 1 against Zephyr ; 3 to 1 against Monitor, President, and Nimrod. Marie led, Albyn second, and tho rest close up. Coming down the straight Nimrod assumed first place, Union Jack close on his quarter, Mario and Zephyr next. Going along tho rivor Monitor fell, and his rider, Barlow, sustaineda compound fracture of tho leg; and Nimrod struck tho rails rather heavily at tho bridge, which spoiled his chance. Rounding by the sheds President made his effort and drew7 up, and a smart race home cusued; Mario falling at the last fonce, and being thrown out just when looking likely. President finished first, half a length in front of Albyn, Union Jack a good third. Time, 3min 53secs. FLAT RACE. Handicap of 5 sovs., with 150 added. For 3-year-olds and upwards. One milo. T. Jones' brh Woodlands, 9st 51b ... 1 A. Davics' b cRespite, 9st 21b ... 2 J. Whittingham's ch g Attache, 8st 61b 3 Camballo, Robbio Burns, Belladrum, Blue Ribbon, Napper Tandy, Wizard, P.G., Bar Ono, Bruno, Ween, Tho Ghost, Minnow, Cora, and Conservative also started. For three parts of the distanco the race was a struggle between Conservative and Tho Ghost, who wero two longths ahead of tho first division. In tho straight these were outpaced, and Woodlands, Respite, and Attache finished in that order, with The Ghost fourth, in 1mm 43secs. 