? Messrs. Whittle and McGranahan, American evangelists, have been conducting a successful mission at Belfast, Ireland. The following is an account of a Conference on Winning Souls, which we copy from the Christian :— ALL-DAT MEETING. The principal event of last week was the all-day. meeting. As in Glasgow. Edinburgh, and Dundee, the subject was' Soul-Winning; .but there were a few modifications and alterations as to the order of procedure, which were a distinct gain to the success of the meeting. The day of meeting was Wednesday, May 25, and the [place Fisherwick-place Cburch (Presbyterian), one of the largest in town. From 10.80 a.m. till 11 there was a preliminary prayer- meeting, with the singing of hymns, led by Mr. and Mrs. Granahan. Major Whittle (who presided throughout the day), Dr. Moxey, Mr. Erwin, and others, engaged in prayer. By 11 o'clock, the hour of commencement, the church and galleries were rapidly filled. The conference commenced with singing, prayer, and the reading of Scripture. Thereafter, the divisions of the subject were opened with fifteen-minute addresses, as follows:—The Winning of Souls: its Obligation—Rev. J. H. Deacon (Episcopal); Hindrances to Soul-Winning—Rev. H. M. Williamson (Presbyterian); The Joy of Winning Souls—Dr. Moxey; Qualifications for Soul-Winning—Major Whittle. Each of these addresses was followed by prayer, praise, and conversation; the speakers, who were all ministers in Belfast or neighborhood (except Rev. J. Mountain, of London), being limited to five' minutes. THE OBLIGATION OF WINNING SOULS. Mr. Deacon's address was based on the following three passages:—Luke xiii. 23—25; Matt. vii. 13, 14; Rev. vii. 9—17. The question put in the first passage was—"Are there few that be saved?" The Lord answered then, and the same would doubtless be his answer now. We have it in the second passage quoted, and it is an awful answer. Look at the histoiy of the world down to the present time; and at every period, including our own times, the answer holds good. The Lord's redeemed are still a little flock. But, blessed be God, take the aggregate of all the generations since the shepherds heard the angels' song on Bethlehem's plains that night, and it will be fonnd, when the Lord makes up his jewels, that there will be " a great multitude, which no man could number, of all nations, and kindreds, and peoples, and tongues." In winning souls for Christ, we must be winning in our presentation of the message. We have to show not only the way of escape from a future hell, but from present misery, uncertainty, and unrest. Let those addressed know that their good here, as well as in eternity, is assured by accepting Christ. Show them the attractiveness of the Christian life, and to this end let them witness nothing dull, dismal or gloomy in your walk and conversation. Let themBee that the ways of a Christian are ways of pleasantness, and all his paths are peace. Let them recognise, from their knowledge of you, that abiding in Christ, walking with God, having fellowship with the Father and with His Son Jesus Christ, are no mere figures of speech, but living, visible realities, and that only such realities as these constitute a heaven upon earth. Thus wives may win their lawless husbands by their lives (1 Peter iii.), fathers their children, &c.; Consider this obligation to win souls—1. As it concerns the ministry. 'May I speak freely on this point, as it concerns us all, whatever denomination we may belong to ? Something, surely, is not quite right with us, if this be not a burden upon our hearts continually. We are apt to get into special grooves and furrows of Christian faith and experience—often side issues, I fear—to the manifest overlooking of the one great central aim and object of our ministry, of our very existence—the winning of Bonis for Christ. Ministers are apt to get crotchety, and, instead of preaching Christ and Him crucified, to preach the Church, or prophecy, or temperance, or against Popery. These are all right in their way; bnt if we have not the burden of our peoples' souls on our consciences, and our hearts yearning to win the perishing for Jesus, surely there is something wrong. It is incontestable that, as a rule, the majority of those in our flocks, though nominal Christians, are unconverted. If we realise this, and onr hearts are not stirred to their veiy depths in sympathy and compassion towards them, where are we ? 2\. Then a word to the "laity." All who are converted are, equally with the ordained servants of Christ, under his special command to win souls. You cannot shuffle off this obligation on your minister or on evangelists, whom God may have raised up as special instruments. Go to your pastor; put your services at his disposal if you will; anyhow, co-operate with him in this work, as in Sabbath-school teaching, district visitation, cottage meetings, and what not; be a strength to him and the branch of the church with which you are connected. I think you will find this a better manner of procedure than relying on your own individual exertions and enterprise, and being, as it were, a free lance. The Rev. George Shaw (Presbyterian) followed on the same topic, regarding it from this point of view:— THE VALUE OF A SOUL. Think of the value of a human soul t We get God's estimate of it in the Cross—in the price He was willing to pay, and did pay, for it. We feel something of the value of human life when our indignation reaches the boiling point, as we read of a steamer cutting down a vessel freighted with hundreds of our fellow - beings in midocean, and then, without one attempt at assistance, steaming leisurely away I Or when, through the dastardly cupidity of one man, hundreds, it may be, of human lives are sacrificed to fire or explosion of gases. We shall never work right for the Master till we get at least an equally vivid view of the worth of a soul. If the blood of Jesus had to be shed for the salvation of a human soul, how precious must have been that blood1 And if the preciouB blood of Jesus was needed for the redemption of a soul, how precious must be a human soul! Now, if we have a sense of the obligation, we must have compassion for the perishing; and herein, let the same mind be in us that was in our blessed Lord. See Him weeping over that guilty city that was to crucify Him. He knew it all the time; their hungry cry for His blood was even then ringing in His ears; yet listen to his heart-broken accents: "0 Jerusalem, Jerusalem I" &c.; Oh! for a love like His I Oh 1 for sympathy like that of Jesus ! A worker at one of the meetings in St. Enoch's, having but a limited experience in pointing BOUIB to JeBUB, failed with an inquirer, and very properly called in the services of another worker. In a few minntes the inquirer said, " I see it I" and accepted the' message as true, and rested on the Saviour. The poor worker was discouraged for the time, but she kept on, realising her obligation to win souls; and on Monday night, when pointing another to the Word, the inquirer suddenly exclaimed, "I see it!" The worker was so overcome with joy that she threw her arms around the inquirer's neck and kissed her. Her faith and her prayers had their answer and their reward. Many years ago Mr. Shaw knew a young lady of high social standing, who was being dressed for a ball by her maid, who, recognising the value of her young mistress's soul, risked her own dismissal from her service by speaking to her about eternal things. The young lady went to the party, but, convicted of sto, the dance had lost its charms. Her conversion soon followed, the love of Jesus swept out of her soul the love of the world, and a long life of Christian usefulness ensued; all this the result of a young girl recognising the value of a soul. The Rev. Dr. Donald (Methodist) followed, and remarked that the foundation for the obligation of winning souls was contained in John iii. 16. CHBIBT'B MISSION WAS TO SAVE SOULS, and He gave the same to His disciples (see, John xvii. 18, 19). Here Jesus is represented to ns as both High Priest and Sacrifice. He says, as it were, "I set myself apart for my mission of soul-saying, and I am fulfilling it. In the same way, though bf course in different fashion, I consecrate my followers'to continue this work." Would we see in a man the sense of this'; obligation, let us listen to Jeremiah—" Then I said, t will not make mention of Him,'nor speak any more in His name; but His Word was in mine heart as a burning'fire shut up in my bones, and I was weary with forbekring, and I could not stay" (Jer. xx. 9). And soj in similar manner, of the discipleB Peter and Johjt before the Council, " we cannot but speak," we havebuch a sense of obligation to do it. Concerning Paul, jhis sense is put in even stronger language—" Paul wis pressed in the spirit, and testified to the Jews that Jesus was Christ" (Acts xviii. 5). That is what wt want; and how are we to get it? Through the Holy Ghost, the same Spirit that burned in Jeremiah} constrained Peter and John, and pressed Paul. fPinney, the well known evangelist, in order to get this overmastering sense, went into his closet and met Jesks, He said, "I seemed to see Jesus Christ face to fate, and then my sins rose before me. I fell on my fate, confessed them, and wept sore. |Then a feeling of peace took possession of me, the Holy Ghost seemen to breathe on me. I was filled with the Spirit; wale upon wave of God's love seemed to roll over me, and I cried aloud, 'Enough, Lord! I can bear no fljore!'" He went out of that room with a consumingjseBse of the obligation to win souls, and thousands were converted by his instrumentality. : The second topic, j HINDBAUCES TO THE WINKING OF FEOULS, was opened by the Rev. H. M. WiHianfeon (Presbyterian), an old fellow-worker with Duncin Matheson, and a man still full of evangelistic fire. Tpe hindrances to soul-winning, he said, are not from God. Lazy Christians would like to think so. It iB a lie. To say that they came from Him was to suggest either that He had not the power to prevent them, occurring, or that He had not the will. God, of couibe, saw all the difficulties from the world, the flesh, and Ithe devil, and on His Bide provided for them. His povjer in this provision is ample. As to his will, the f'so" loved of John iii. 16 proves it, giving His Son proves it, the Son giving Himself proves it, and the sending of the Holy Ghost confirms it. Where are the hindrances ? 1\. I lay them first at the door of the ministry. Unfortunately there are unconverted ministers in all the churches, and the barrier here is insuperable. But a man may be converted, and may know he is 6aved, but if he is not living right, he becomes f radically useless in converting souls. God may convert souls by him, but he does not convert sonls. Brethren in the miniBtiy, in order to win souls we must have Holy Ghost fire, But a fire in a grate, if we would Keep it alive, must not be left smouldering. It would go out thus. It must continue to catch flame, and be a living fire. So of the Holy Ghost fire in the heart. And then it must be a flame that produces heat. The blacksmith, in order to join one piece of iron to another, must have a welding heat: so the minister Who would be used as a link to join a soul to Christ' must be at white heat. A knife, in order to' cut, must have a cutting edge; without this, its fine temper or its superfine make will not avail. A new knife has generally this keen-cntting edge; and BO with young con verts. Although poor in knowledge (badly tempered, as it were) they have the edge 'which God uses. The older Christian so often has! a dull edge, while the young convert has the new cutting one. We most have faith also, in relation to God's work; not faith about our own salvation—that ought to be assured—but faith that Christ is with ns, using/us; a faith present to each of us that God has bidden me do this work, and that I expect He will/ give me a blessing for Christ's sake. I have heard.'heaps of addresses from evangelists and ministers ndt adapted, as a means to an end, to convert a soul:/sermons about the blue waves of Galilee, the mountains of Israel; cartloads of it, preached by evangelists, Ministers, or whatever people call us, with nothing in onb of them to awake a soul, nor fitted to do it. f 2\. I lay the hindrances tj soul-winning; secondly, AT THE DOOB I>R THE CHUBCH. A cold church; what can be more deadening to God's work? A man may preach in such a church till he goes to his grave—no go da! It is like a spark among a lot of wet tow. Sari me from such a church—a dead, worldly, carnal cburch! I am speaking of the church proper—the communicants. What is the use among such a people, to jpreach to the young, when the so-called Christians, your own witnesses, contradict in their lives every word]you say? A Christian, you preach, is one born of God, consecrated to God's service, separated from tbe world. The children of the congregation look at their elders who profess to be Christians, and say it ii not true, it is all talk, communicants do not live that/ way. Thus there may be direful hindrances in our ptws; and till these are removed, only twos and threes are saved. 8\. A third hindrance) is found in the lives of individual professing Christians. They have a vague desire to have their children Converted ; but listen to tbe conversation at the breakfast-table about society, amusements, &c.; Not a wqrd about Christ! And so the children say, " Our patents are not anxious. It is good enough to be saved borne time, but there is no hurry about it." Oh, the evils of this slipshod religion ! It Is a great mountain in! our way, and we can't drag the unconverted over it. Even among Christian workers do we findthiB worldlyconformity. Look at our Sun day-schools. That young lady may talk to her class till she is grey; they J will only laugh at her as they look at her dress, and know of her having been at a fashionable party the Week before. I am not saying anything about whether snch matters are sinful or not; only she is not consecrated, and her unconverted pupils know it well enough.' We must deny ourselves. Lord, help us to see our owk blood-guiltiness I The Bev. J. E. Green (Methodist) followed: We take for granted hindrances in tbe sinners themselves. Workers must not be too impatient ; let us never forget we were hard to win ourselves. Two great hindrances exist from the want of a pure motive in the winners, and of unity among church members. Some, even in the same church, will not shake hands with each other. Let us show outsiders that we are so happy among ourselves that it is worth joining us.. Remember people have eyes and ears; unconverted people won't come into a quarrelling church. Show sheep a greener pasture, they will come; they will even jump the fence to get in. (To be concluded.) 