TO THE EDITOB Ol1 "THE DAILY TELEGRAPH." Sir,-" Seeing ia believing." I nm a High- lander, therefore, yon may say, imbued with the superstition of my race, when I say I believe in ghosts, supernatural warnings, dreams and second sight, and, being a woman, possibly may be con- fered not ekong minded.. I tal my story fro» my own experience. It is at long intervals daring my life-I am now advancing in years-that events have happened in my own family circle of which I have been forwarned by dreams But my ghost story is this. I had gone to bed, slept well all through the night, having given orders to be called earlier than usual, as my mother was to set out-, after break- fast, by train, on the Highland railway, to the far Noith. I woke suddenly, remembering it might be time to riee, when I. distinctly saw a figure standing m a corner of the bedroom. It was clad from head to foot in armour, the visor down. I felt my heart beat fast with fear, still I, gazed, and could take in the'proportions of the figure, and recognised it as the eldest brother of a very intimate girl friend of mine, but no relation. . I olosed my eyes, unable to overcome the awfully mysterious impression tho apparition imparted to me. "When I looked again it had vanished. I got tip dressed, and on going downstairs found my mother prepared for her journey. An indefinable dread prevented me disclosing to her what I had seen that morning. I accom- panied her to the railway station, impressing on her to telegraph on her arrival at Inverness. That ' evening her teles gram reached me-the words to this effect i "Arrived all safe and well ; ' Young Munro * died this morning." And so it was; but why thia apparition visited me I . know not. The death.waa sudden and unexpected at his Highland residence. . His f amily relations wera at the time in the south, ( and he died before , any of them. even heard of any illness to cause un easiness. -Yours truly. A. BOBS. With respect to stories pf this kind, a modern writer (vide "Australian Penny Magazine," No. 4). observes :-The records of ghost lore contain an immense mass of facts mingled with a large amount of folly and super- stition. The latter are often sufficiently dense to blunt the edge of the keenest and most eager criticism. Science recoils , . from the investigation of a subject which appears to be so interwoven with self-illusion, mental weakness, and imposture. Indeed to such an extent does this feeling prevail that many men styling .themselves philosophers refuse to investigate any alleged supernatural oc- currence, for fear that by investigating it they should damage their great reputation. Poor fools! How the world will either laugh at or pity them a hundred years hence« , Large-wigged , science raises its hat and bows deferentially to a ' rare frog or a new beetle, but refuses to examine any facts which might possibly lead to the recognition of the supernatural, or throw light on the mystery of human destiny. Of all tho various species of folly we behold in the world, this one is tho mo3t piti- able and contemptible. The man who is not capable of braving the sneers and ridicule of. unreasoning ignorance in his pursuit of truth is un- worthy of being called a philosopher. This contempt for alleged supernatural ap. pearances and events is productivo of much evil, because it leaves the ex- amination of all suoh ap- pearances and vents in the hands of men who aro in roany instances incapable of examining them sufficiently. Hence, we have such a multi- tude of inconseçtuential and badly authenticated ghost stories current in our literature. The perusal of these tend to produce a fabe impression on tho reader's mind with re-, spect to tho nature and value of all similar stories. The narrator often omits mentioning some material circumstance, which, if known, would a ter the entiro complexion o£ the narra- tive, and, sometimes, he dwells on the minor details of the case so as to exaggerate them out of all due proportion to their merits. The general result is that many ghost stories do not furnish a proper basis for inductive reasoning, and hence arises one of tho many difficulties wo have to con- tend against whenever we attempt to investigate this very ourioua and interesting subject. Wo understand that at a mooting of tho Exoontivo Council, held laBt woek, tho oponing of tho further extension of the Groat Northern Enilwoy as far ns Moonbi was authorised, and will tako placo on tho 9th January. Tho opening of tho tramway from Newtown to Marrickville was also authorised« and was fixed to tako place on Friday, 30th Deoembor. The tramway routo to Botany wag »IBO adopted and Q&nQtion;çd. 