? The following graphic (?) letter, contributed by "A Victim" to the order, which appeared in the Freemasons' Monthly Magazine, will doubtless be read with interest :— I have joined the Masonic fraternity, Mr. Editor. I am a free and accepted son, or brother, or whatever it is, of that ancient and mysterious organization. I have belonged to many secret societies in niy time—I have been an Orangeman and a Son of Temperahce, and a Fenian, and, if I remember aright, I once belonged to a gang of coiners—but this Masonic arrangement, this institution of the compass and square, distances them all. I had often wondered what sort of a thing a Mason was—in what respects^ he differed from an ordinary being. Again and agfdn have I pumped persons who I thought knew what was what with a view of finding out something regarding these queer men, but it was no go. Mum was the word, and those who could tell wouldn't, and those who would couldn't; for further information I was to go and find out. I had a vague idea of my own that a Mason was a sort of supernatural being, a regular ring-tailed roarer, with horns and hoofs to match, who could come down the chimney or get through the keyhole, and disappear like a flash of lightning—a chap that would knock blazes out of a fellow with a wink of his eye, and of whom the devil himself was afraid. There is one singular thing connected with Masonry of which you are perhaps not aware, and that is a Mason never dies. Occasionally it*is given out that a brother has departed this life, and the fraternity is respectfully summoned to do honor to his remains ; but it is all a sham, a big swindle, gotten up to throw du6t in the eyes of the uninitiated. The coffin is stuffed full of bricks, and deposited with due solemnity in the cMneterj-, while the brothers and friends are blubbering their eyes out over the grave of the dear departed, and the departed is quietly enjoying himself in the back room of some hotel, preparatory to leaving for parts unknown. It is a fact, Mr. Editor, Masons never die. They may change their appearance and move off to fcther spheres, but as for dying, they can't do it. It is supposed by some that, after they have transacted wickedness enough on this earth, they are transformed into comets and meteors, and go wandering through space, kicking up shines and raising the devil generally. And a great many people suppose that the last meteoric display was nothing more or less than a free fight between some rival lodges that have crossed each other's path —the different colored lights betokening the different degrees they had acquired in the flesh. Freemasonry is of ancient date, as proved by the fact that during the wet season Noah used to hold meetings in the corncr of the ark. He was obliged to give it up, however, owing to the curiosity of Mrs. Noah, who, notwithstanding the fact that her husband placed a big pair of lions and a big crocodile at the door as outside guard, came pretty near finding out the secret, and starting a female lodge on her own book. I must tell you the perils and trials I had to undergo to become a Mason. On the evening in question I presented myself at the door of the lodge-room, No. 66,666, signs of the skull and crossbones. I was conducted to the ante room, where five or six melancholy chaps, in sashes and embroidered napkins, were waiting to receive me. On my entrance they all got up and turned back somersaults, and then quietly resumed their seats. A big fat fellow, who sat in the middle, and who seemed to be the proprietor, then said, " Sinner from the outward world, advance." I advanced. " Will you give up everything to join us ?" " Not if I know it," said I. " There's my wife and fourteen fine—" (Another party here told me it was a mere matter of form.) The fellows in the towels then groaned, and said, " 'Tis well." " Do you swear never to reveal anything you may see or hear this evening, not to your wife V" I said, " *Pon my word, I will not." They then examined my teeth and felt my muscles, and made me put out my tongue, and then groaned again. I said, " If you don't feel well, I have got a little bottle here, that " That fat man took the bottle from me, and told me to shut up. He then, in a voice of thunder, said, " Bring forth the goat." Another fellow then came forth to blindfold me. " No, you don't, Mr. Mason," I said ; no tricks on travellers, if you please. I don't believe playing in blind man's buff with a goat. I'll ride the devil, if you like, but I don't go it blind. Stand back, or I'l knock you into smithereens." They were too much for me, however, and I had to submit to be blindfolded. The goat was then led in, and I could hear him making an awful racket among the furniture. I began to feel that I was urgently wanted at home, but I was in for it, and could not help myself. Three or four fellows then seized me, and with a demoniacal laugh pitched me on the animal's back, telling me at the eame time to look out for squalls. I have been in a good many scrapes, Mr. Editor ; I've been in an election fight; I've been pitched out of a fourstorey window ; I have gone down in a railroad collision, and up in a steamboat explosion, but this great excursion was ahead of them all. The confounded things must be all wings and horns. It bumped me against the tables and the stove and the ceiling, but I hung on like a Trojan. I turned front somersaults, and rolled over till I thought it was all over with me. I was just on the point of giving up when the bandage fell from mine eyes, and the goat bounded through the window with a yell like a Comanche Indian giving up the ghost. I was in a lodge of Masons. They were dancing a war dance around a skull, and playing leapfrog and turning handsprings, and the big fat fellow of the ante-room was standing on his head in the corner, finishing the contents of my little bottle. Order was soon restored, and I was led up to a desk and told to stand at my ease. The chief engineer of th establishment then put his thumb to his nose, and stretching his fingers in the shape of a fan towards me, commanded silence. The rest of the brethren did likewise, and were silent The governor then addressed me :—" Brother Ivnobb, you are now one of us. You are now a member of an institution that has lasted over ten millions of years. From this time hence your constitution is sound. You are impervious to light or heat, or any other atmospheric influence. You are water-proof, fire-proof, and over-proof. With impunity you may walk through the lake, or sit on a red hot stove ; with impunity drink aquafortis, rye whiskey, Walioo bitters, or any other poison ous substance. You arc free from rheumatism dyspepsia, whooping-cough, and the measles. The sheriff dare not seize you for debt, nor the policeman for misdemeanor. You are us and you are safe. Here is the pass-word; with that and a big club you can get into any lodge in Christendom." I then stood the whisky and water all the way round, and I was a free and accepted Mason. 