AT the Ust meeting of the Kyneton Shin Council, Mr Cr. Buscombe brought forward a motion to the effect that competitive designs should be called for a scheme of "Water Supply for the town of Kyneton. A lengthy discussion ensued during which councillors acknowledged the wants ot Kyneton in tins* respect but differed with Cr Boscombe as to the manner in which the question should be placed before the ratepayers. Mr Buscombe desired to place a definite scheme of water supply, together with all accompanying data and estimates, before themsothat they ivouldknowexactly on whatthey were askedto express an opinion, and to decide. Other coun- cillors held the opinion that the residents of Kyneton should first be asked to determine whether they desired a water supply, or were on the other hand contented to rely upon present resources. The majority of councillors decided in favor of the amended course of action, and accordingly a meeting has been called for to-morrow evening, at which the subject will be discussed, aud the future action of the Shire Council directed. Such a meeting was held on a previous occa8ion,butthe estimate then presented appeared to be so excessive, and involving such high rating, that a resolution was arrived at shelving the whole question. If the residents of Kyneton and neighborhood are satisfied that the resources are ample for the requirements, social and domestic, of the town, of course they will at once say so, and pass a resolution to that effect, when the whole matter will be at an end. If, however, they are convinced that they have no means of contending with any conflagration which may break out—if they are satisfied that the water which they nse for domestic purposes day by day, is unwholesome, resembling as it does filtered soap-suds, and contains germs of disease—if they are of opinion that the channels of the streets are as unclean as they well can be, and need flushing at times—if they fail to regard a scorched, dried-up, lifelesB, withered group of shrubs as a " thing of beauty," in contrast to a verdant lawn and beautiful foliage, then they will affirm the advisability of inaugurating some feasible scheme by which the town and suburbs can be abundantly supplied with the most precious fluid which beneficent nature has distilled in the interests of humanitf. Tins want having been affirmed, the means by which the desired end may be arrived at, will next require consideration. Three sources of snpply are available—Macedon, the Iiittle Coliban, and the Biver Campaspe. The last source could be, as Councillor Buscombe suggested, utilised in connection with the construction of the new Mollison-street bridge. Instead of arches or spans, the bridge might be built solid, so as to act as a dam, the overflow bong provided for by byewashes. Bitter-beds would require to be constructed a short distance further iip the stream, by means of nv.vert'))l watefWUts, say ou ih: | 'I'Corftas principle., which is ill Ydry jenerał nse, trad which haa received >igh honor wherever exhibited, thvater could be delivered at every dr;. in the locality. The Little tioliban scheme requires ouly a small pipe- >eal reservoir constructed behind the Pylden police paddock. There a perennial supply may be obtained; tbe water is said to ba of most excellent, quality, and the difference in devation being sómethiug like twn hundred feet, eńgińeefing diffieultie.- vould be easily overcome, and the principal expenditure would be for pipes for conveyance of the water. Che Macedon scheme generally resembles the Little Coliban one as regards the quantity of water available, md it is rightly regarded as being impossible of excellence. The only difference is, that the Macedon source being farther away, would involve a ;reater outlay in the matter of pipes. This matter of water supply is of the utmost importance to every individual •n the district, both as it relates to domestic wants on the one hand, and the requisite outlay on the other. Therefore, it demands most earnest consideration, and anticipating that the meeting to-morrow night will affirm rhe desirability of providing a water supply for Kyneton, the best course to pursue is that which we formerly suggested ; to refer the matter to a committee of practical men for considers tion, aud report to an adjourned meet ing at a future date. The danger of allowing children the uncontrolled use of fireworks, was illustrated on Saturday evening, when the fenoe at the rear of the post-office, on the Jennings-street frontage, was set on fire, by some cr-ickers which had been let off dose to the fence by some boys. Fortunately before it had made much headway, the fire was disoovtred, and timely application of a few buckets of water prevented what might have resulted seriously. Whit appears to be a new disease, has recently made its appearance in the neighborhood of Spring Hili, Coliban. Daring the last two or three weeks Mr O'Leary tits lost seven valuable calves, and Mr Wilson, several from apparently the same The malady attacks young, and to all appearances, healthy stock only. The calves lost by Mr O'Leary were in the very pink of condition, at the time they first manifested the deadly symptoms, being fat, and their coats bright and glossy. In the first stages of the disease the head droops and hangs listlessly, and nfter a few days bleeding at the nose setB in. Up to the present time and stage of the disease, nothing has been found which will either afford relief, ur cure the malady, which runs its fatal course in about a fortnight. At first it was supposed that an injury to the nose hid been caused in some way, but so extensive has been the spread of the disease, that that theory will not hold good. Mr N. Blencowe, J. P., attended at the Police Court yesterday morning, and dealt with three drunkards. Peter O'Brien was fined 2s 6d. John M'Gregor and John Green, 5s each. The fines were paid in each instance. The time for receiving nominations for the vacancy caused by the decease of Mr Anthony Watson, expired yesterday afternoon at four o'clock. Mr William Carter, grazier, at Lanriston, was the only person nominated, and accordingly has been declared duly elected. In connection with Professor Rice's entertainments, the Kyneton Brass Band have been performing in public, and on each occasion made a most creditable display, which should procure public Bapport. Mr H. F. Boyle, the famous cricketer, who has been appointed to chose Victorian representative teams, expresses a desire to see some Kyneton cricket, and an endeavor will be made to give Mr Boyle an opportunity of determining whether any of the local cricketers are good enough. Messrs Cock, Flynn, Robbie and Ross are worthy of more than passing notice. To-morrow evening a public meeting of the ratepayers of Kyneton will be held in tbe Mechanics' Iustitute for the purpose of considering Mr Cr Buscombe's proposals for procuring a local water Bnpply. A tea and public meeting will be held in the Temperance Hall to-morrow evening, the proceeds of which will be devoted to relieving the necessities of an unfortunate brother who has been invalided for many months, or rather his wife, as he has expired since the first portion of this paragraph was written. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Malmsbury Borough Council will be held at the usual hoar on Wednesday (tomorrow 1 ) evening instead of this evening. A deputation waited on the Minister of Railways on Thursday to urge the necessity of constructing a line from Creswićk to Daylesford. Mr Bert stated that as the Railway Bill had been agreed to, no addition could be made to those included in it. The bill would be ready for presentation to Parliament in a few days, but he declined to state whether the Creswick to Daylesford-line was included in it or not. Professor Rice, the "mind-reader" will produce his entertiiument, including his ghost, in the Malmsbury Town Hall, this evening. Farther particulars appear in our advertising columns. Mr Jas. Rees, the newly-appointed clerk of the conrt at Woodend, assumed office, yesterday. We gather from the Age that a deputation of up-country aoftgoodamen, iutrointroduced by Messrs Kerferd and Fincham, Ms.Ł.A, waited on' the Minister of Railways on Thursday to urge what had been agreed to at a meeting held a day or two previously, and after some conversation Mr Bent agreed to the following. That hags, canvas (in bales or bolts), linen goods, cotton fabrics, paper in bales and reams), blankets, flannels, woollen goods, felt, felting, carpets, hearthrugs and floorcloths, should be charged 5i per ton per mile ; coir matting, silk and silk goods (in cases), hosiery, haberdashery, gloves, drapery, readymade clothes, 6d. per ton per mile; millinery, Btraw hats, flowers, feathers, plnmes, shapes, men's pith, silk, shell and straw bats 7d per ton per mile. Mr Bent also agreed that double rates should be abolished. The depatatioa agreed to the consessious granted, and expressed themselves aa highly satU&ed; with them. Another local justice. of the peace lias been appointed in the person of Mr Wm. Macqueen, of Woodend. We have nothing to urge against the elevation of this gentleman,-but if this sort of thing is continued mach longer, tbe whole of the adult male population of Woodend will be added to the roll. This observation may well apply to other localities throughout the eolony. Messrs J as. Rees, (Woodend). Jas. Brydon, and John Rogerj, (Newham), are talked about as probable candidates for the aecretnyship, of the Newhamshire Council, which will baco me vacant, by the resignation of Mr O. J• Bow- I'm,, anniversary s.-rvicei in. connexion I •vrhthe Biptlst OhnrfW were pr Called | •n Sund4y, wtea the fcev. Phillip i Sattache of the Albert Str^i BlpUat Jhnrc^j neibbilfne, pieiched in the morn-: 'ng and evening, el iqneut discourses to •arge congregations. The raverend gentle a in is a most finished elocutionist, and the >pprejiatioo of the congregation was testiied, by the close attention with which the ier^nona were listened to throughout. In rhe ordinary course of things the annual tea-meeting would have teen held dnring the current sreek, but the session of the :hu cli now being held, prevents the attendance of those ministers whose presence is desired. The date fixed for the teameeting is November 16th. At tie "Vict >tiau Rifle Association natshes which commence on the 26th November, the lojalcontingent of P.W.L.H. will be numerously represented to. Two sections will compete in the cavalry skirmishing matsh, and troopers C. Long, John Christian, j Wm. Christian, and Geirge Keating ara entered in the Xorsery Stakes. In addition to the above 0\. Johnson, D. Ford, and Jas. Neville will compete for the Junior division prizes. A good deal of interest is manifested locally in to-day's Cup meeting. Local investors in Miller's sweeps appear to have been. unusually fortunate. Duchess, Darebin, and Sir Medred, and some animals of lesser note are held by residents of Woodend and Malmsbury. Mr De Saxe surgeon dentist, will pay his usual visit- to Kyneton on Thursday next. There were nocasassst down for hearing at either the Malmsbury or Woodend police courts yesterday. The Baptist Association commenced its annual aitting last evening, in Melbourne. Messrs J"udson, Dobinaon, (Kynetoo), and Alexander Grant, (Carlsruhe),are the delegates from the local church. The entertainment to be given under the auspices of the Woodend Baud, on the 9th of November, promises to be very successful. On the day named the band will be 35 strong, and will perform at the Banging Rock and other places. Those who speculated with Vasco Di Gama, will find the results of the drawing in our advertising columns. 