THE BIBLE IN STATE SCHOOLS. Bible reading in State schools appears to be one of those public questions that will from time to time crop up for discussion, 'no matter what efforts are made to keep them out of sight. In England, in the colonies, and in America honest attempts at final legislation on the subject have been repeatedly made, but only with the effect at best of allaying agitation for a time. When enactments have been made in favor of Bible reading the advocates of purely secular instruction have simply waited for a suitable opportunity to get rid of them. And when the laws have excluded the Bible there has been a party pledged to watch for the first occasion when they might obtain the abolition of a law which they regard as a blot on the statute-book. With obsti nate tenacity of life the question refuses to die. And though, like the junior partner of Dickens'a famous firm of Scrooge and Marley, it has been pronounced ' as dead as a doer nail,' it has appeared again, like Marley's ghost, to puzzle and worry the gentlemen who supposed they had buried and seen the hist of it. Some day, no doubt, this ghost, like others, will cease to haunt and trouble men ; but that will only be when their consciences are at rest in the conviction that justice has been done to all concerned in the business. How long hence that may be who will venture to predict? Just now we are threatened in this colony with the rediscus eion of the whole subject. At the last session of the Church ®f England Synod in Adelaide it was resolved to invite the co-operation of the heads of the various churches to initiate a movement to secure religious instruction in the State schools of South Australia. These gentlemen have met and discussed the question at considerable length. It was to be expected that in a meeting composed almost exclu sively of ministers of religion there should be a consensus .of opinion as to the neces sity of religious instruction being imparted to the young. But on the question whether such instruction should be given in State schools, and if so, whether it was desirable at present to agitate the public mind on the subject, there was con siderable diversity of opinion. At length a bald resolution, affirming that it was desirable that the Bible should be read in all public schools, was adopted by a small majority. The meeting then adjourned for a week, and on reassembling almost unanimously agreed to accept the syllabus of moral and religious instruction in use in the London School Board Schools as a basis upon which such instruction might be adopted in South Aus tralia. The extraordinary list of questions that the Hon. H. Scott desired should be submitted to public school teachers, and which we criticised in last week's issue of this paper, must be taken, it may be assumed, as a part of the movement set afoot by the Synod ; so that both in Par liament and outside the question seems destined once more to be discussed. 'We have constantly advocated the cause of secular education in our State schools ; and it is to be regretted that the provisions of the present Education Act are not accepted by all sections of the community with such cordiality as should at least secure for them a more lengthened and thorough trial than they have yet received. Clause 0 of the Act provides that 'In every public school four and a half hours at least shall be eet apart during each school-day for secular education only ; and such schools may open in the morning a quarter of au hour at least before the time fixed for such secular instruction to commence for the purpose of reading portions of the Holy Scriptures in the authorised or Douay ver sion. The attendance of children at such reading shall not be compulsory, aud no sectarian or denominational religious teach ing shall be allowed in any school.' This clause was a compromise between what was sought on the one hand by the advocates of distinctive religious and denominational teaching, and on the other by advocates of secular in struction pure and simple. It permits Bible instruction — not sectarian — but does not insist upon it. It is to be wished that this could have been permanently accepted by all parties. At the same time it is not surprising that it has been regarded by niany as only a tentative measure, to be superseded as soon as they could obtain something more in harmony with their own views. That this feeling should exist is the more natural because when the clause was under discussion in the Assembly it was carried by a majority of only one vote. The question was warmly debated as to whether Bible reading should be compulsory or optional — whether the clause should read ' may ' or 'shall ;:- and on whichever side the victory was won by eo small a majority it could scarcely be expected that the defeated party would accept the decision as final and permanent. The right therefore of either party to reopen the question must be con ceded, though it is to be regretted that the gentlemen now agitating it cannot be satis fied to allow the existing law to have a longer trial and then to be judged by its results. The distinction between secular education and irreligious education is too frequently overlooked; and in the discus sions that have lately taken place a good deal of the argument has gone on the gratuitous and erroneous assumption that the education of the public schools is irre ligious. Every right-minded person in the com munity would deprecate a system of educa tion that would produce a godless and vicious generation of men and women. But to insist that State schools shall impart secular instruction only does not necessarily result in such an issue. By all means let a careful religious instruction ba imparted. But it is not the province of the State to meddle in the matter. If, however, the ques tion of religious teaching must again be con-_ ridered, and if a purely secular system will* not satisfy the majority of the people who have a right to express themselves on the subject, then some such system as that adopted by the London School Board, and now under consideration of the committee - of representatives of the various churches, Is probably as likely to meet the case as any that can be proposed. It was adopted by the thoroughly experienced body of . ladies and jrentlemen composing the London Sctool Board after prolonged and exhaus tive discussion, and having now had a trial of two and a half years it is said to work almost -without friction. Certainly these two considera tions must have weight with intelligent people. It would scarcely be possible to secure anywhere a more competent board of educationists than the elected London School Board ; and no measure of such im portance as this could be adopted by them without the most searching examination both of the principles and details of its pro visions. Then the theatre of their opera tions gives them unparalleled opportunities of testing the practicability of the scheme. Their constituents represent all pos sible phases of belief and opinion; and if they have evolved a sys tem, that satisfies the demands of the people of London who claim for their children something1 more than a purely secular education, without offending the susceptibilities of those who resent all State interference in each matters, they have achieved a result that entitles them to the thanks of the nation. 