iALVATOR MUNDI-" IHELL." This word comes fromr an old Eu. •lish or Saxon word, hael-an, and means any covered place. In our early liters ure it is used to denote not only an shacure place or dungeon, but also the lark hole into which a tailor flung his waste.shreds, and even gave the name o a popular amusement. But theology 5as long since discharged all innocence from the word. It now calls up it, our minds either some faint image of a vast prison or furnace, in which the Imnlenitent are tormented in a flame ,hat will never be quenched; or of a vast and awful realm in which their spirits are to be searched through and through with intolerable and never .nding pangs. . In the authorised version the word hell occurs eighteen times, and is used to render the three Greek words Tartarus, Hades, Gehenna, it each of which we will !look in turn. The word Tarturus occurs but once in the whole New Testament; or, indeed, in the whole Bible. You will find the passage in 2 Peter, II, 4. Now it is uenrious that St. Peter,'*a simple and unlettered man, should have used this svord Tartarus, a word never occurcing elsewhere in the Bible, not even in the writings of St. Paul, the most learned of the Apostles. One can hardly help rsking, with an accent of wonder, where he got it from, and how he came to use it; for it is a purely heathen word, and embodies a purely heathen conception. As they pryed into the future the Greeks and Romans saw nothing clearly, although the "initiated" perhapsa had been quickened into an intense yearning for, if not a bright and vivid hope ofa life to come. The world beyond the gates of death was, for them, "a world of shades." TL.eir utmost hope even for the good was that some thin shadow of the former nman would survive to enjoy some Lint shadow ofir his former hondra and pursuits. The utmost they fore bodied for the wicked was that their thin waverinig unsubstantial ghosts would be doomed to hopeless tasks, or consumed by pangs rsuch as men suffer here. Sometimes they gave the name Tartarus to the whole of this land of shadows; but more com monly they divided the underworld into two provinces - the Elysian. fields in which thlie spirits of their heroes and sages, with all who loved goodness, wandered to and fro, illumined by a pale reflection of their former joys ; reserving the name Tartarus for that dismal region in which the ghosts of the wicked were tasked, and tanta lised anid tormented. Here, no doubt, St. Peter uses it in its more limited sense, and means to simply thgt the angels who sinned were cast into that gloomier province of the under-world whioh was the haunt of the wicked. He was speaking, not of the final estate, whether of sinful men or of sinfrll angels, but of a state in which they are held until the day of judgment arrives. The word Hades occurs five times in the Gnsp'dlsand Epistles; and in every instance nur translators rerder it by the word Hell. The word Harles means according to its derivation that which is not and cannot he seen. According to its usage it denotes in especial that vast subterranean kingd'om, that dim shadow-world into which the spirits of all men good and had alike, were held to pass at death. When they lie men are no longr seen ; they pass over into the hrnd which, if not dark in itself, is dark to is, hinlien behind impenetrable veils of mystery. This, at least, was a commonill prerhars the most common, conception of the future state among both the erastern and western nations of antiquity, most of whom assume l the earth to be a vast plain, floating through space as "a broad leaf floats through air," the upper side of which, illumined by.the sun, was reserved for the living, while the spirits of the dead were .condemned to the dark under surface, i.e., to what we should call the antipodes. And the Jews shared or slopte4 this conception, They too y .r'i ? .:.r. [ .. ,, . .". ", .tluougt o[ toe o t Jn" ucan 415 a vast under-world, in ahich the dis embodied spirits of men would dwell until the day of judgment. In this vast kingdom there were two provinces, separated from each other by an im passable gulf- Paradise, answering to the Elysian fields of the heathen poets, Gehantna answering to their Tartarus. In Paradise the snuls of the righteous awaite I their final and complete blessed ness; while in Gehenna the souls of the wicked awaited their final doom. To this entire kingdom including both pro vinces they gave the name of Hades. For them Hades included Paradise as well as Gehenna ; and therefore it. is ohviously inaccurate and misleading to render the word lHades,asourtranslators do by the word Hell. Nay, the word Hell is in every case a false and mis leading rendering of the word Hades; for (1) Hades is never once used to denote the final estate of men, but only the state which preceeds the day of judgment; and (2) it is commonly used to denote the whole of that inter mreliate state, the lot of the righteous as well as that of the unriahteous. Thus for example Josephus speaks of the spirit of Samuel as being evoked from FRaldes to warn King Saul of his ap-. proaching doom ; and we may be very sure that Josephrs did not conceive of that great prophet as doomed to an everlasting torment. Indeed,. all the best writers, Greek and Roman, Jewish and Christian, speak of their noblest men as dwelling in Hades and looking " with solemin expectation and sustaining holpe for the dawn of some great day of deliverence. And the word is used ir percisely the same sense both in the Gospels and in the Epistles. Thtis in Math. XI, 24, we have our Lord's pathetic apostrophe - "And thou C.tOernaum lwhich art exalted unto Heaven shall he brought down to Hades." And no doubt the thought in his mind was, that all that busy multi tude of living mpn who then thronged the streets of Capernaum would, ere long, be hurried into the dairk iunder wortl, leaving their favored city do anlate-as it is to this day. In Math... XVI., 18, we have this gracious'pi. rrise to Simon Barjona-" Thou art Petros (a rock) and on this petra (or. rock) I will build my church, antd the gates of Hades shall not prevail against it." . That is to say, no spiritual prin cipalities and powers from the unseen world, whether bringing with them airs from Paradise or blasts from Gehenna, shall. ever overthrow the church animated by the spirit of that loyal and zealous Apostle. No thought of Hell, the final prison-house, was iu' our Lord's mind. In the parable of the rich man and Lazarus, our Lord describes the after condition of him who here was clothed in purple and fine linen, and fared sumptuously every day thus-"And in Hades he lift up his eyes, being in torment." [Iere of course the word Hades stands for, or at least includes, that dark pro vince of the. underworld in which the unrighteous receive the due reward of their. deeds; but is it therefore equivalent to our word Hell ? By no means; for hell is the samne name we give to the final estate of the wicked. To us it suggests, whatever it may have isuggested to an earlier generation, the. trhorght of never-ending punishment. But our Lord in his parable is evi dently speaking only of the state which immediately follows death. Neither Laztrus nor Nimensis has reached his last state, his final condi tion, or can reach it until after the day. on which the secrets of all hearts shall be disclosed. So that even here we must, reject the word Hell and retain Christ's word Hades. Nor is our Lord's description of the moral. effects of the "tormnent" on the rich man's character without many sugges-. tions of hope, where this the place to dwell on them. For obviously a pro cess of amendment has begun to take effect on him, and even 'now already has been carried to a surprising length. He who had cared only for .himself.'. now cares for his five brethern, and" cares not that they should be clothed with purple and fine linnin and sur-: feited with mrnptuous fare, but that they should be quickened and,renewed in the spirit of their minds, and saved from the torment to which he has doomed himself. In short vital and hopeful germs of charity and spirituality have already been released and de velnped within him, and how can any torment, any discipline which pro:" dures such happy effects, he enduring. Thtre is but.one other word in the New Testament which is rendered by. " Hell," the word Gehenna. This. word occurs twelve times in .the Gospels and Epistles. And how in adequately the word Hell translates it you will see if we conisider (1) the derivation of the word; (2) the sense in which it was used and understood . iri the time of. our ,Lord and his,.. rApostles; and (3) the meaning of ther several passages in which it is found. (1.) As to the derivation of the word there is not, there never has heen the slightest doubt. Gehenna, so the Greek form of the Hebrew Ge-Hinnom, or " Yalley of Hinnom." This valley was a steep ravine immediately under the south-western wall, Jerusalem, watrered by the brook Kidron, and "Siloa's sacred stream.". In the time of the Hebrew kings it was laid out in a' paradises" i.e., pleasure gardens with their groves, pools, fish ponds. Here the wealthier nobles aud.eitizens of Jerusalem had thrir country villas, thieir summer palaces. At the south eastern extremity lay the pararlise of Kinrg Solomon, wi',h its " tophet" or music crave, the grove in which the king with his wives and concnhines listened to his men singers and women snngerr, anti to the hlended strains of 'l " musical instrrrments of divers sorts." The whaole herutifil valley, in short, was full of these delicious. retreats which are still fornd in the close neigh borhood of large and wealthy oriental cities, and in which the monarch and his nobles seek repose from the sultry heat of the summer, and from the frets and tolls of publio life. To gratify the " foreigin women," with whom he con tortted1 .olomon pvoW.ite h pl?eas ; . ..5 gardens and groves with idolatrous shrines, in which the crnel and licen tions rites of Egypt and Phonicia were observed. His successors imitated, and outran his evil example. The horril fires of Molech were kindled in the beautiful valley, and children were burnt in them-" passed through the fire." Gradually " the valley of Hinnom" grew to be a type of all that was flagrantly wicked and abominable to the faithful souls, fallen on evil times, who still worshipped Jehovah on the neighboring hill of Zion . Thenceforth it became the common cesspool of the. city, into which the offal a cast, and the caresses of anit ,and even the bodies of great crinmin who had lived a life so vile as to be adjudged unworthy of decent burial. Worms preyed on their cor rupting flesh ; the fires were kept burn ing lest the pestilential infection should rise from the valley and float through the streets of Jerusalem. To the Hebrews this foul terriblo valley he came an apt type, or illustration of the doom of the unrighteous. They drew from it their images, images of which such terrible and unwarrantable use has been made,, of the worm that never dies, and of the fire which is not quenched.- With them to say that a man was in danger of Gehenna was to say that his sins had exposed him to a judgment-of she terrors of which were faintly shadowed forth by the sickening horrors of the detestable Ge-Hininom. (2.) . . . The uninspired Jewish writings for the six centuries nearest to Christ know nothing, absolutely nothing, of "Hell." What do we find in these writings? We constantly find such sentences as these: " Gehenna is ordained of.old becaase of sins." (Here follows numerous quotations fromt Jewish writings, all of which were given by Mr. Norton.) Christ was a Jew, sud .poke to Jews; and in what buy Jowish sense can we fairly anr . :;: bly interpret his words 4 S(3. T;:, word Gehenna is use:l ele ? ,s by our Lord, and once by hist." titer"'' James. The first in sta,:ce in-which it is employed is in St. Matt h.w, v. 22. . (This passage from the tex of Mr. Norton's third dis course, 'nd the sentences following he copied in to his sermon almost literally.) Christ is comparing his laws, the laws of the kingdom of Heaven, with the laws given of old time by Moses. Moses had said, "Thou shalt not kill, and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of the judgment. But," con tinued Christ, "I asy unto you, whoso ever is angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of the judg mnent, and whosoever shall say to his brother, Raca, (a mere expletive of dis gust and contempt, like the odious ex pletives which we may hear every day in our own streets), shall be in danger of the council ; but whosoever shall say, "Thou fool," shall be in danger of Aell-fire.', Tihe general sense of the passage is that, whereas Moses con demned .murder, Christ condemns the angry passions in which mur der takes its rise. Even an angry emotion was henceforth to be regarded as incipient murder ; and if that angry emotion found vent in angry and malicious words, words which smote and wounded a neighbor's heart, it was to be held a still heavier crimne worthy of a still severer punishment. In every Jewish city there were courts of justice which had the power of life and death. (Here follows a full de scription of these courts, which Mr. Norton removed bodily into his third .sermon.) -.And, indeed, if any man really studies' these words he soon finds it quite ?impossible to take them in their literal sense. In that sense they are hot: tirue. No Jew, no Christian was ever brought before a local court" of justics'e and condemned to be belheated: sintiply for indulging in angry thought or feeling. No Jew, no Christian was. ever called before the Sanhedrin and condemned to he stoned to death simply fori calling his brother Raca . . . The most savage judge who ever disgraced' the bench would not have doomed men to.death for an angry feeling that'was never uttered in word or astion, nor to a death in the last degree shameftl for uttering an angry word. And would Christ, the lover and redeemer of men ? Use your common sense. Translate these Hebrew figures of speech into their English equivalents and see what yen think of them,'" Whosoever is angry with his irother without cause shall be brought up ,before the police court; ant whosoever shall call his neighbor coxcmtt stall be. tried for his life, at bthd t-izes; and whosoever shall call his brother fool shall be hung, and then detied Clristian burial." There is no thoeght in His mind; there is no thought evenof literal courts of justice. He is simply teaching an Oriental * people in' the Oii'ental forms with which they were familiar, that every sin, however inward, will receive its ,due recompense of reward; that the heart is thes fountain from which all sin flows; that in God's sight the mur den u~s wish,- scheme, bent, is murdet-; an' t; every utterance of it, whether in e- or in deed, since it deepens and cot '"a it, will entail a still severer pu t ment. Twice more the word 'e . s is used by Christ in the see , .n the motut, Mathew V, 29, 30 ihis was-Mr. Norton's text for his i,.arth sermon. A report of it api eared in 'the. Colac Reformer of Se:-tember 14th, which substantially egm ass with the quotations following.) Ia s the law of adultery of which our Lo.d speaks here; and He treats it in percisely the same method and spirit in which we have already head Him treat the law of murder. The Jewish code. only putfished the out w'? vert act-ptnisled it by stoning, '• sn.gravated cases by dooming Slie bodies of the offenders to be flttg I into the valliy of Hinnoto, ')0rI Lord used this Jewish "tnishment to illustrate .'his 'meaning. "To commit adulte is," He says, " to take th, way to Gehenaa." . . . 'we take the word Gehonna literally, sa meaning the valley of Hiiinom, we most also tak. theiright eye and the ?hgt- Ji~nc I$4eialy? ;,n4 ?ysry wan who has looked, and longed, and touched, must cut off his hand and pluck out his eve. Is that what Christ means.in His code written in blood ? Does He bid us atone the sin of the soul by mutilating the body 4 Imp, sible ! IH? was simply using these familiar termsat figures of speech, to convey the solemn warning that it is better for us. to endure the utmost pains of self-denial and self-restraint, than to yield even to tihe first move ments of sensual and unlawful desire. S. And how should our whole bodies, the bodies of English men and women he cast into a Poalestinian valley 1 (here follows a long description of what our Lord really meant by His teaching.) This, without a figure, is the general principle which our Lord taught in figures, intelligible and accept able, to the Jewish mind. And yet we have not met with a single passago which so much as alludes to the future state of the wicked. But you will find nush a passage in St. Mathew X, 28, which is repeated in St. Luke XII, 5. . They had been trained to ie lieve that at death the souls of the inrighiteous would descend into a frightful region in much resembling the polluted and nhhored valley out ride the walls of Jerus:alem ; that they would suffer dreadful torment in it for ibrief space of time; and that then their very souls would be burned rp and scattered, like dust by a wind inder tihe feet. of the just. . . In ft. Mathew XXIIT, 15, our Lord pro rounces a woo on the Scribes and Pharisees, because they compassed sea rnd land to make one proselyte, and shen they had got him "Ye makre' him twofold more a son of Gehenna hat yourselves." (Mfr. Norton based is fifth discourse on this passage. this sermon was the concludning one on tell. and the reader will therefore be ,n no way surprised to learn that we are nearly to the end if the chapter rorm which we are quoting.) In verse 33 of the same chapter He demands of hemnt, "How shall ye escape tihe judg rent of Gehlentrn." Both these phrases rre of frequent recurrence in Jewish iterature. " A snn of Gehenna" mreant ver-y much what Son of Shaithn" means it the East now, viz., a wicked and rhandoned man, a child of tihe devil," a man born again from below rather than absove. " The judgment of Gelhenna" was the sentence to the tor rment and destruction of Gehenna the verdict by which a man was loomed to be stoned in the valley of Ainnom, his body being left to the worm, the jackal the raven, and the lame ; or wheln used in a figurative sense the sentence to the darker region of the Hadean world. Neither puhrase has any meaning at all resembling that f one word " Hell." The last pas-age in which thie word occurs is James III. 3\. The tongue is a fire. . .' it de tileth the whole body, both setting on lire the whole rotund of nature, and being set on fire of Gehanna. (See report in Colac Reformer 21st Septem rer.) And here otviously, the mean rng is that the unruly and malicinous tongue, which kindles a fire wherever it frils is like those noxious and infec tious flames which hurned nilght and lay in the loathsome valley of HIinnom, r that it is tipped with the seart ching and destructive flame which as the Tews thought, destroys both. the body nd the soul of the prisoners in the unseen world. We have now examined .very passage in the New Testament in which tihe word Gehanna occurs. We have found that fior the most part it s used in apurely figurattive sense, &,,. the only words the Apostles use are 'artarus, which stands for the classical conception of an under-world in whicih he shades of the dead enjoy some poor shadow of their former jays or suffer some fiint shadow of their formner woes; Hades which stands for the Jewish conception of a similar under world, in which the souls of the good and of* the bad alike await the trumpet of the resurrection; and Gehenna which stands for that dark province of the underworld in which the souls of the unrighteous are tor mented for a time, and until it shall please God to put an end to their miserv. The word "hell" therefore has no sort of right to a place in our, Bible; and I will not doubt that those of you who have long felt that the dlogoma of an everlasting punishment inflicted for the sins of time threw dark shaldows on the very throne, nay. on the very character of God, will thankfrlly expunge it from the lIt sirired Record. But do not ton harsh.!5 assume that, by getting rid of th,5 woril t hell" you also get rid of the doctrine of retrilttion. To sin is to stiffer here and new, snd will be to suffer here rfret. . . . Some hold and hold rightly that sin oughr to be punished but they do not see that the punish ment which is the present, the natural and the inevitable consequence of sin ns the true death, the true hell; and that to be unconscious of this punish sent is itself the worst punishment of all. Is it not punishment enough for men that they shouhl have so miserably fallen from theik " pride of place I" 