[?] CATHEDRAL PREACHING : THE CHURCH AND NOT CHRIST. (To the Editors of the - Protestant Standard.) " Sirs;— -" By the Church. I' mean 'the Roman Catholic, the Greek, and-the- English Churches, ' all tliese being branches of the true Church of the Living God. They, the - other Christians, have no creed, no fixed succession :or order of worship, no value ih: sadraments/ have repudiated , \- some: of . the- books of the sacred canon ; , nor can there be any authority in their teaching ; the Roman Catholic, Greek, and English Churches alone were in the succession." If tho, above extract bo - correct, the preacher; (Dr.: Ellis) appears to.be entirely oblivious of all fidelity to the solemn declarations he has made; when he subscribed to .the articles/ the homilies,; and, the prayer-book of the Church of. England. , What says the homily on Whit Sunday ? , The, homily lays down what a: Church is ; that it .is a;: congregation of Christ, a faithful : people built: upon the foundation, " of the , prophets, the apostles— Jesus Christ being ;the .chief corner Stone. " What.says it' of the Church .of Rome,,that it.is so far wide from the nature of the, true . Church:, that nothing can be more ;, for neitlier.is it built upon tho foundation of the apostles and the prophets, retaining the sound and, pure doctrine of the Church of Jesus Christ, nor yet do they: order the sacraments, , &c.; ,&o.; , , , but , they havo . intermingled their own traditions, and ; novelties by . chopping' and changing, by , adding and plucking, that they seem to bp converted into/a, now guiso." ' Again, according to , St. Augnstine, — ' '.the; Bishops of Rome and their adherents are not tlio - true Church of Christ, much less that they he- partakers as .chief heads and rulcrs'of the same.'V Again.: " Whereasf. it ;folloiveth , that ithe- Popes hear not .Christ's ? voice . as . they . ought to do, and in(,preforringV,their own decrees before the express., word of God) do' plainly argue to the: world that they are not of Christ nor yot.-pos-; sessors of His'spirit." , ,, , ' Then.; the (homily .. denounces certain Popes, (Clement, , Alexander. &c;,), as having the spirit of tho devil, (and the.Church to be Antichrist." .The Rev. Dr. , Ellis , must have forgotten the outspoken language, of the .homilies,-; or his sacred adhesion to them. What a pitiful exhibition that heishould.stanLup.mthe pulpit of the cathedral and pronounce. his. own dereliction. What of Constantinople ? . Gregory/ in writing to the Emperor, condemneth John, Bishop of Constantinople, calling him "the Prince of Pride, Lucifer, not a successor to the apostles, but the forerunner of Antichrist." St. Bernard also agreeing, pronounccth terrible sentence against them for their outrageous pride in usurping superiority above all others. , Neither the Church- of Rome nor the Greek Church-are true, but apostate Churches ; and it is' an insult to the- ministers and members of the Church of England, as well as to the. memory, of the reformers to assert them to be such. I It is impossible to suppose that Dr. Ellis: is iguo'rant:Ouithis. subject. :. . What :then must wo, .consider him to be— a false witness to the Church ho. prof esses: to belong to. ' The articles are very definite.-' The 19th,". the faithful- men/&c.;! . As tho Churches of: Jerusalem .and. Antioch h'avs '.erred/: so: also the . Church of- Rome, hath erred. " : . Article-.22 ;' ",The Romish doctrine concerning purgatory, worshipping and adoring images, the invocation of saints, is a fond thing. vainly invented and grounded upon no. warranty of ::Scripture, !but rathor. repugnant to the i Word of God. ; (Thess.;xxv.) ;The five sacraments; commonly : so ; , called— oonfifmation, : penance, orders/ matrimony, -extreme -unotion, are not to bo counted its. sacraments, of the gospel/ growing \- partly, of, the corrupt following of the apostles. Article 28: "Transubstantiation the, change or the: substance of bread- and wine in the supper, of the.Lord/ overthroweth the nature of a sacra- ment, and hath given occasion to much supersti- tion. i See also ,thei;32nd and; the - 34th articles on: -marriageu and?: tradition; - 1 How. positively the Church of England denounces - the Church of Rome- as unsound- in the sacraments, in doctrine/, and in morals; .-,These formed the chief ground of separation, - beside her tyranny and- usurpation.-; . As for apostolic succession, -.it- couldnot descend ' to the .Church , of England, .through ithe solus-.' matic' bhannel of' Rome ' or i Constantinople.; ifl would .merely mention - three notable tones-.- -between;;Pope Boniface and/his opipohent .theh':-. .betweeniLaurentius and- Pope .Sym'acbus; . and , the schism of forty years, between the -Popes, "of Rome and Avignon/;; when there were three Popes, all claiming to be the successors of Peter/, and all excommunicating each" other : not to 'men- ' .tion: a host of controversies and disputes /with the Greek Church about the procession of the Holy Ghost, Easter, the Eucharist, and its specu lations whether Christ had two wills, &o.; And -. the;final schism between-. Rome 'and .ponstanti- nople/'when the Patriarch! waote; against, grace and predestination, - about the;eiicharist and un- . leavened. 'bread; tbe:>Yirgin .Mary,, fasting ,on, Saturdays/; eatibg 'blood; and not' singing the Hallelujahs in Lent." uThe Greek Patriarch shut up -the Latin churches ; in: .Constantinople, -. re- : moving the abbots and the nuns, making a clean sweep of it, /in which the Patriarch of Antioch. joined him, .and fo.v which he was excommuni- cated,- and the article, fixed to the-great altar in St. Sophia Church. What an infallible proof of apostolic succession ! Churches divided against themselves ! And what then of separation between Rome and the Church of- England? The former denounces us as heretical, and we denounce Rome as Antichrist, and not a true Church ; and yet the learned preacher fills up the breach by the assertion, "that all three Churches, however split up and antagonistic, excommunicating each other, are, nevertheless, in unity as to apostolic succession, are the only true Churches. What a quagmire ! The preacher does not understand in what apostolic succession consists. Not in men, but purely of doctrine as derived from the apostles, and, not in men blasphemously calling themselves the Vicegerents of God, dis- tinguished by their luxury, ambition, bloody persecution ; infidels, atheists, and fornicators ; vices condemned by Christ and His apostles. But the apostles could have had no successors, by orders. They were especially witnesses of the resurrection of Christ, with miraculous power and inspiration. In fact, in -the early Church, there were but two orders—presbyters (or overseers) and deacons, as is evident from the addresses of the epistles, Titus and Timothy , being evangelists ; and this was acknowledged by our reformers in their address to Edward VI., and signed by several bishops and Lord. Crom- well. " . But of what use- is this kind cession? Did it preserve the seven churches of Asia ; and the ' Roman Catholic and - - Greek Churches' from pollution ? With such teachers as Dr. "Ellis/ may not-' tho/ \- Church Of England; also become .' corrupt—the Church - being substituted for Christ ? Does: communion with' the'/ Church save ? Men are; saved by faith'. "He'-'that i believethi shall be. saved ; he that belie veth not shall he- damned. i The/simplicity of; salvation is clouded and-ob-'- soured by> such' nostrums. 1 The1 11th article says; ' — '! We; are accounted righteous before God only , (not by ; apostolic succession or baptismal - 'regeneration), -'for the merits of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ; -by faith,- and not by our 'own works or deservings, therefore that we arc justified by faith -only is a most, wholesome doc- : -trinej and' -is/' more largely /expressed in /the homily -of justification." /' This doctrine is the backbone of the Reformation. What are we to think of : a- minister who/ at his/ordination, in answer, to the question-that ' ,he would faithfully banish and drive away -all" erroneous and strange doctrine contrary' to God's word— the' Lord helping: him— yet openly avows his association' with the apostate Churches' of Rome and Constantinople, 'and declares them,' contrary to the/homilies and articles/'" to be; branches of the true Church' of ' the Living God ? Abominable ! , / Can such a preacher , be' suffered in/the : pulpit of .the cathedral or can the congregation submit' to such teaching ? /If so, the congregation are as blind as the preacher.' -As;for. his attack upon other Christian bodies and- his /repudiation /of their (.sacraments; ,,and.: teaching, it Is certain that God has abundantly blessed them, and that neither, .in; oiir. pr.-iyer- . book, articles, or homilies; they- are repudiated. ,. The forth of Church government was not regarded by ;the " reformers, while the'-:New.-,. Testament ;tells us "that;there are/diversities of gifts/ but. : the same spirit;; differences of /administration, . but the same Lord ;i diversities. of. operation,- rbut, tho same God which worketh all in-all.'/.We may . pity such a man.as/Dr Ellis/; if it were, not for, the mischief he' propagates and the unholy alliance he advocates. "Come out from amongst them and be ye separate, saitk the Lord, and touch not the" un clean thiug, and I will receive you.'" ,2nd Cor., vi, chap., 4th ver. What is the duty of the, sound members of tho Church of England ? — To organise. ; Vmips." &n..; ; , ., . RICHD. SADLEAR. . 