-T. ^-rrrpHB NOTELIST. '; BT E. LYNN LINTON, AUTHOR OF " PATRICIA KEMBALI.," " THB ATONB .JUKNT OF LEAM DUNDAS," "TJNBBB WEIGH LOBDP" &C;, io,, &c.; CHAPTER XL IV.-LOVE'S SHADOW-HATS. The cure ot tho Doy wa3 now completo, and Au gusta had to return home. Not many letters had passed between her and her mother, and those which had been written wero all on the daughter's Bide. Tho terrible old woman was a bad scribe at the best; and of late her bodily activities in every direction had noticeably decreased, and sho laid aside all exertion which she was not absolutely obliged to undergo. Certainly she laid aBide that, to her quite unnecessary, work of supererogation, a correspondence with her daughter; and on'y grunted, in her peculiar manner, with less plea sure than doubt and critical distaste, when she re ceived one of Augusta's letters, largely written, fluent in word, flowing in form, and telling sub stantially nothing. Not even tolling the impor tant fact that Sandro Kemp aud his cousin Ethel ., White were in the same hotel as themselves; that . they all went out together to that memorable Castle, and on to the crimson sunsot-lighted sands ; and that words had boen spoken which could never be recalled, and by which the whole history of life had been changed for both mother and daughter, All this had to wait until affairs were somewhat arranged, when Augusta would say it face to face, and take tho consequences bravely. She knew what those consequences would be, and she did not see the wisdom of anticipation'and prema turity. Her heart light, her winsome face beautified by her inner joy, her pleasant laugh clear aB silver bells, Augusta returned to the home whioh had been essentially her prison, as one fortified by a . charm from all evil present and to come. The old woman, keen as a hawk to see all changes in the world around her, caught almost at a glance the new spirit which sat like a crown on her daughter's head. "What is it?" she asked herself. "What has she done, or what is she going to do ? She has done something, and 1 must find out what it is," But she said nothing on that first evening; she thought Bhe would wait for an opening and, when that was made, then she would enter and put all to the rout. That unknown something which ailed herself had been ra'her troublesome of la'e ; and when that was troublesome her temper gen erally followed suit, as those who formed her household knew to their cost. Meanwhile she sat in- her easy chair, with her heavy old eyebrows lowered over her small keen eyop, watching her daughter's brightened faco, with its radiant crown of secret joy, as her cat might have watched a bird on the lawn, waiting for the moment when it should come ne ir enough for that fatal spring to be made. The next day passed as this first evening had done ; Augusta said little about what had happened at St. Anne's and nothing at all about Sandro j Kemp. For she, like her mother, was waiting an opportunity and the fit moment, and would not open the bag before the run for the creature within was open and assured. But the silence of suspi cion on the ono sido, and of reservo on the other, made itself felt between them as the dead stillness of the coming storm'presages the furious outbreak at hand. It was Sunday. All Highwood had assemb'ed as usual in the church porch after service, whore the returned travellers were greeted with as much animation of welcome as if they had been to tho North Pole, and had como back laden with seal skin and free of frostbites. Everyone was, what the slang of the day calls, " in good form," and tho elixir of life ran bright and clear for each and all. The Doves wore especially b3aming and re splendent, their s lucy faces wore all over dimples; their bold black roving eyes shone like brightly po'ished spheres of ebony set in ivory ; and Gip, re transformed from her late sharp and vinegary larva, to something even beyond her old buoyant, breezy, high-mettled self, and what Bho would have called a jolly good fellow to all tho world, and in splendid case all round. To Stella Brans combo, to whom t-he had baenso cruel and spiteful in the dark dayB gone by, now that she knew her jealousy to be a mero ghost of which she held the bubs tance, she was like the most affectionate sister. It Beemed as if she tried to make up fer her ill- humour and roughness by a corresponding' excess of sweetness and fellowship. "Dear Stella! how prim you look!" Bhe said, in her clear, ringing tones, squeezing tho girl's hand till she nearly inado her cry out with pain. ff How awfully Ijolly to have you back ajjain acd to see your dear little face look a mite more round and rosy than it did. You're not quite up to your old self yet, bub you are not such a peaky lark as you wore by miles. Ic was so awfully nico to see you in your old place again, I declare I could not say my prayers au I ought for looking at you." " I am so glad to seo you look so well, Georgie," answered Stella, smiling in her sweet way ; a little surprised at tho exuberance of thi3 greôting, but glad that tho cloud ha l passed and that Georgie Pennefather had " como out of the sulks" aB Georgio hersolf would have said. " Oh 1 Patrick and me, we aro always tight as trivetB !" said that slangy, fu3t, objectionable young parson, laughing and looking at hor sistor significantly, and Pip, taking up tho cuo, laughed and cave back the significant look with intoroBt, shouting as her reply "Georgie is tighter than any trivot, ain't you, Georgo?" ' . " Bather," said tho twin Dovo, a wild outburst of irrepressible hilarity tumbling from her lipB :ike a cascudo of j mund waters. \- ~" And how waa old Sandro Kemp, Augusta ? asked Gip when she had done with Stella. " Ye told us what a jolly little party you made. Va came here, you know, a little while after he lei St. Anne's, and gave us all the news. Fancy ol< Sandro and that Miss White with you ! Wha larks 1-jam for some one I should say Augusta, should not you ?" with impuden merriment *' poking fun" at the end of a quarte staff. Colonel Moneypenny, who had been speaking in a low voico, and with manifest gallantry toth< fair widow, caught tho hated name as a mai catches the echo of a challenge. He stiffenec himself as if on parade, and fixed his fiery eyei on Augusta's, asking her ia plain language-ii looks can be called plain language-" What die it mean ?" and had it boen the " jam" of thi Pennefathers vernacular to have had Sandre Kemp's society at St. Anne's ? He looked in vain. That waxen mask of mind less amiability, for which Augusta Latrobe waa famous, came ovor her face like a shadow, hiding the truth, and her real soul beneath the vacant sweetness which was her favourite woapon ol defence. " It waa very pleasant to have them there," she answered. " Mr. Kemp is always good-natured, and Mrs. White" (" That was Cyril Ponsonby's chum," shouted Grip, parenthetically.) " Mrs. White is a very remarkable kind of woman," con tinued Augusta, not noticing tho parenthesis. "What way?" as s ed Gip, elliptical when she was not vulgar, and ungrammatical always. " She is a thorough Anglo-Indian," said Augusta, as if this were an explanation. " And flirts like fun all round," cried Gip. Augusta laughed that vacant, mindless little laugh of hors which meant nothing. " Why, she tried it on Val, who hated her, and on old Kemp as well," said Gip. " But Val said that didn't run! Old Kemp know better than that, and sp did someone else, didn't they, Au gusta?" " Mr. Kemp did not flirt with her, so far as I could see," answered Augusta, with a kind of erass literalness which makes an effectual barrier against further conversation ; at least with most people. It did nothing with Georgie Penne father. " But if he did not with her, he did with some one else," she said ia a loud whisper, ** and from what Val said we may bo looking out for orange blossoms in good earnest this time. Oh, you sly-boots! oh, my Augusta I Those spoons, then, were true; and you looking all tho time as if buttor would not melt in your mouth !" I A ugusta laughed again. It might bo in de preciation or in acceptance of tho charge, who can tell ? Not even Colonel Moneyponny, watch ing her so closely, nor Ur. Qutglay who was watch ing both. " I was not aware that Mr. Kemp was one of your party," the Colonel then said, slowly, his face livid, bis deep-set eyes burning like two coals blazing from among the ashes. "No?" answered Augusta, her eyes raised to tho level of his cravat, not beyond. " He came there with his cousin a week after wo went." "And stayed there all the time?" " Yes, we left them still there," she answered with the prettiest air of girlish frankness, and the most admirably-acted indifference. " When is it to be, Augusta," asked Grip. ' " When is what tojbe, Georgie ?" answered the wittow. " Orange blossoms and old Kemp," laughed that saucy minx. "Ah, when," said Augusta; "I will tell you when you wear your orange blossoms for Val Cow ley," she added, drawing her bow at a venture; Stella with her father and the rest of the High woodites, being a little in advancoiand quite out of hearing. " I'll take you at your word !" shouted Gip, as she and Pip, laughing like two mad creatures, rushed off down the turn which led from tho high road to Sherrardine. " She had you there, Georgie,"^ilaughed Pip ; " I wonder if she knows !" " Oh, it was only a fluke," said Gip. " But who cares ? It'll have to be told soon, I don't care how soon, and I don't care who knows, do yon Patrick ?" " No, 1 aai too awfully jolly about it to want to keep it darir," said Pip, and her sister answered, frankly, " So am I." Too much or too little had been said for the Colonel's peace. It was or it was not, and in any case ho must know which. Fortunately he had not committed himself, and fortunately for his dignity he had not made that offer , which had more than once been so near, and which a merci* ful Providence had always prevented. But ho must know tho truth. For his own sake he must be put into possession of facts as they stood; and if Mrs. Latrobe would not confide in him of her own free will, bo must force hor hand as ho had tried in vain to do once before. But this time something had told him that ho should be more successful. " You wore much with your old friend ?" ho began, in his thin rasping voice, as the main body of Highwoodites moved along tho high road. " Yes, very much," said Augusta, with her most inane smile. " And he WP s as charming as ever ?" returned the Colonel. " I did not sae any difference in him," she said. " You were always hiB advocate, I rememt cr, ' said the Colonel. She smiled again. " Yes P Was I?" she replied; adding, " What a lovely day this is." ""Where does Mr. Kemp live now? and what docs ho do Bince ho came into his fortune ; that fortune of which, by all accounts, he stood so much in need?'" asked the Colonel. "Ho has boen away," sho taid, "and I do not kuow what ho does." " No 1 You do not know what he doe3 ? That is Btrange," he returned, with satirical emphasis. " Is it P" she replie 1 Tquite good|temperedly, " How beautiful those distant hills aro ?" " You are glad to return to your old home then P' said the Colonel, ¡suddenly changing front and speaking with tenderness as little dssigned as his bitterness had been. . b rj ". Home is always home," waa the safe re joinder. "And you will not leave us again?'* " My trunks are not packed," bhe returned with a sweet little emile. " You will stay here for ever among ns? "We miss you so mueh when you go !" The Colonel spoke with still more pronounced tenderness. At the same time his eyes were blood shot and fiery, and his smile was more acid than sweet. *' You are very good," Bhe returned. " I should like to keep you for ever," said tho Colonel. "Do you remember how happy we wero that stormy day, when my house was your shelter?" " When was that P" said Augusta, as if consider ing. "Oh, yes! I remember now, 1 took shelter in your house from the snowstorm ; what a dread ful day it was !" " My house was then a real shelter P" ho asked in a lowered voice. " Well, the snow did not come in through the roof, so I suppose it was!" said the widow, lightly. " What a contrast between that day and this!" " That was tho happier for me," said Colonel Moneypenny. " You like winter best. I like Bpring and sum mer," she said. "And the sea-side batter than the inland country?" he asked. Augusta put on her mask close and tight. " Sometimes," she said, with the very sublimity of vacuity. " It all depends." "On whatP" "On tho weathor," she an swered, holding out her hand aB they came up to the Laurels. " Good-bye, Colonel Moneypenny. Good-bye, dear," to Stella, who was walking with Randolph Mackenzie. "Take oare of yourself, dear child," she added, with tenderness. Stella whispered, "Has ho found out?" and by her whisper, which he cou'd not hear, excited the man's suspicion and jealousy afresh. All that night Colonel Moneypenny lay awake, half mad with this jealousy, this suspicion which burned like fire, and ran like poison in his veins. Baffled as he had been, he was far from being cönvinced that Augusta's apparent unconcern was real, and he determined to have it out. Cost what it might, his self- respect demanded that he should know the truth. Wherefore, full of this determination, he went to the Laurels the next day, as he had done once before, prepared to dig the pit into which tho woman, for whom his love often took the form ot love's shadow-hato should fall, this time never to rise again. The greetings were given, and all the proper formalities of preliminary courtesy were gone through, even moro punctiliously than usual. It was the saluto of tho duellist, tho hand-skake of the prize-ring, after tho caps had been thrown down to show that they are " there." "What kind of a person ia Mrs. White ?'' asked the Colonel, turning to Augusta and speaking suddenly. " lu what way ?" replied the widow, the colour beginning to mount her face very slowly, very quietly, bub unmistakably ; " in beauty or character ?" " Both," he said. Mrs. Morshead looked a little lost. ' " What Mrs. White ?" she asked. " M*. Kemp's cousin," said Augusta, as steadily as if she had said Tony's new hat. Then, to give the conversation a turn, if possible, she added : " She is tho person about whom, and Cyril Pon sonby, all that mistake and gossip was made in the winter." " It waa odd, was it not, that she should have gone to St. Anne's without her husband, and only escorted by a man Uko Mr. Kemp ? Cousin or not, that was a little queer, 1 thinn." Colonel Moneypenny said this with his well known acid smile-that smile which, moro than all else, expressed the burning passion which he did his beat to conceal. "They have boen brought up together, andaré like brother and sister, and Captain White is in India," said Augusta, neither faltering nor quail ing, for all that her mother's eyes were fixed on her with ominous surprise, with sharp suspicion, and with the very darkness of latent wrath. *' Still it argues a large amount of trust in Cap tain White," said Colonel Moneypenny, still smil ing in his sharp, acid way. " Ho could not have known that you would have boen there to act aa a -what shall I say P I cannot say chaperon, but rather as a counter-charm, a more powerful at« traction." " Ho probably knew both hia wife and his cousin, when he sent Bbhel. home," replied Au gusta tranquilly as to manner, bub the tell-tale Hush had deepened now to burning crimson on her face. " What does all thia mean ?" asked Mrs. Mora head. Sho had boon sitting in her chair, stiff and up right aa if she had boen cased in iron ; hex eye brows nearly meeting and her eyes almost con cealed beneath their shaggy fringe. " Was that sign-painter, Sandy Kemp, at St. Anne's, Au gusta ?" "Yes, mamma," answered her daughter. " And you spoke to him ?" " Yea." " Were good friends with him P As if nothing had happened," asked the mother. Colonel Moneypenny laughed in a forced affected rasping kind of way. " Quito good friends and eomething more, if report speaks truo !" ho said with protended lightness. " Como now, confoas, MrB. Latrobe, was it not BO?'' "Rually, Colonel Moneypenny, your question is too enigmatical, either to answer or to understand," aaid AugUBta, sho also laughing with affected lightness. - " Don't be hypocritical, Augusta," said her mother, savagely. " Colonel Moneypenny is quite easy to understand, and you know he is ; and an swer that question direotly. Wore you good * Tho propriotora of tho Tow» AND COUNTBT J ou UH AL ' ayo purcliaaod tho right of republishing "My Iiovo" in Australia. friends with Sandy Kemp, and something more P" The young widow looked at her mother, and from her to her former lover, now har bitterest enemy. She was not defiant, not insolent, hut . she was calm and Btrong, and as if prepared for ; all encounters. She seemed to draw her graceful figure somewhat together, aa if she stiffened her \ shoulders and strengthened her neck to bear-and , to bear triumphantly. "Tes," she said, in a low, clear,_ voice, " we are good friends-friends and something moret for y life." Colonel Moneypenny's livid face grew as pale as the face of a dying man-; then the blood came back into;his thin, worn cheeks, as if ahot flood of fire poured through his veins'-i " I thought so !" he said, in a suffocated voice. ;, " I knew it months ago !" _ ; " Then you knew what I did not," said Au- .; gusta. "Our meeting at St. Anne's was: by i chance." " You sit there, Augusta, anti. quietly tell me - that you love that impudent- fellow ?" asked Mrs. yr Morshead, with portentous stillness. "Yes, mamma, I do; I am sorry you do riot;// You would if you let yourself know him," ans wered H her daughter. . -,r-.-v " You are going to marry, him P" , v, < ' "Yes, mamma." ' .:,,, "Then before Colonel Moneypenny 1 say it, you leave my house to-day; you and your boy." No second wife shall darken my doors with her shame-/-, loss sin; and I would rather see a daughter of mine in her grave than the wife of Sandy Kemp.., You have chosen between him and me, Augusta.',, Go to your precious bargain, and never lot mo seo " your face again ! You are no daughter of mine,, and never have been !" ' \ " Mrs. Morshead 1" remonstrated the Colonel; " His revenge had a little over-stepped itself. . He had wanted to punish the woman, whom once ' he had loved, but not to thia extent. This retribution was too savage, too severe, even for,, such a revenge as his, and for such an offence as hers. " Do not plead for me, Colonel Moneypenny PL fla hed out Augusta, turning round on him with what was, in her, so rare an outburst of passion. . " Leave my mother and ma to settle our own affairs by ourselvos. Be satisfied with* what you have already done, and leave the rest alone. (You have revenged yourself enough." He started to his feet. "I might have done more," he said, cruelly, " and were I not a gentleman and a man of honour, I would." She shrugged her shoulders with a disdainful gesture. That was her solo answer.to his assertion of gentlehood and honour. ' " If you have more to say, say it out, Colonel Moneypenny," said Mrs. Morshead, who, in this * little passage at arms, secretly sided with her daughter, liking her spirit. "Madam," said the Colonel, grandly. "I;re spect your ago too much to afflict you moro than you are afflicted already; and to your.daughter I leave the stings of her own conscience. Good day, madam, and accept my sympathy; you need it." "With no word of adieu , to Augusta, he turned and left the room, leaving the mother and daugh ter together and alone. "Now, Augusta," said Mrs. Morshead, as the house-door shut against the young widow's foe ; " you know what is before you ; you don't sleep another night in this house, neither you nor your boy. So go and pack, and never dare to cross this threshold again. If I want you I will send for you ; and I think I would rather die by the road Bide than do that. No, don't come near me, Au gusta. I don't want to wish you good-bye; you have deoeived mo all through, and now I have done with you and yours for over. Go, and don't come back to take leave, only let me know that you have gono/and that I shall never see yeu again." . , "Mamma!" said Augusta, in*"a pleading voice. " If you do not want me to lay my curse on you, ? Augusta-a mother's curso, a dying woman's curso-leave me now and for ever,' ' almost shouted Mrs. Morshead, carried out of herself by passion. . " Leave me, you bad, ungrateful shameful girl ! " Would that you had never been born !" , So Colonel Moneypenny's work had not been ¡ quite fruit'ess to-day, and Love's shadow Hate ; had fallen in good truth with power across the 1 young widow's path. " , ProsentlylMrs. Morshead rang the'drawing-room ' bell twice, sharply. ' [ , "Take me to bed, Martha," she said, feebly';,1 when ter maid appeared« "Take me to bed. 'I-' have had my death-blow.'' ? - .; ri 