Recent Fire in Barrack-street, A (ire, which has resulted in the destruction of a very large amount of valuable property, occurred on Wednesday morn ing in Barrack-street. Soon after midnight flames were discovered in the warehouse of M. Bechet, general im porter, situated close to the Savings Bank (from which building it is separated by a space of about six or eight feet), the Daily Telegraph office adjoining the premises on the other side. No time was lost in giving the alarm, and as soon as possible, under the present inefficient system or want of system, the men of the various fire brigades hauled up their engines and appliances, and in the space of half an hour the whole street between York and George streets became a scene of great confusion and noise. The want of a directing hand and voice was again painfully apparent. However, by the time the fire men arrived and pot to work the fire* had obtained such hold of the building and its contents, and was burning so furi ously, that there was no hope of saving any portion of the property. '1 he grandeur of the scene, as the flames rolled out of every window and hole, and from the roof of the spacious building, equalled that of the Victoria Theatre on the' night it succumbed to a similar fate. The flames shot high into the air, and showers of sparks were carried by the wind for some considerable distance. Even after the various hose had been run out and the pumps got to work, some 20 minutes or half an hour elapsed before anything like adequate streams of water were turned on and* into the burning building. But at this time the interior, from cellar to roof, was one mass of fire and flame. The steam engines then commenced to pour capital streams of water on to the consuming moss, the efforts of the firemen being directed chiefly to prevent ing the fire extending to the Savings Bank on one hand, aad the newspaper offices on the other. As the fire progressed, consuming everything before it, the walls of the store became so heated as to crack in several places, and the alarm was more than once raised that the building was giving way. Nothing of the kind took place. The walls, however, did look verv dangerous and the injury to them seems irreparable. A't I o clock the fire was well under control. The dibris will bum for hours, but at the hour named all apprehensions ot tue fire pproading to other properties were at an end we believe the building and its contents were insured though to what extent we were unable to ascerlain. The alarm was given by a cabman who drove along York street. Inspector Anderson, sergeant Flaherty, Mr. William Soiytbe, and Mr. L. Foley ran to the scene o'f the fire, and there they were informed that Mr. Bechet was sleeping at the top story of the building. Inspector Anderson started a cabman to give the alarm at the fire engine station, and after throwing stones to alarm any one who might be asleep in the upper stories, broke in one of the ground-floor windows. Followed by sergeant Flaherty, be effected an entrance, and saw that the fire was then racing on the ground- floor. The heat was intense, and dense volumes of smoke rose in every direction. The glass partition which formed the office melted and fell in ; and as Flaherty re treated, Smythe and Foley pulled Anderson from the dangerous position be occupied. Jusf then, at about 12.30 the Insurance brigade arrived, and superintendent Bown sent a messenger for the 6team fire engine, in the meantime working the manual engine. No. 3 hose, the first on the field, was carried through the Daily Telegraph office, and laid on to the burning building, and several othere speedilv followed suit. The Inspector- General and superintendent Read, accompanied by a strong body of police, reinforced from nil parts of the city, soon came up, and rendered the firemen inestimable service by keeping back the many thousands of people whom curiosity had led to the spot, and who otherwise would have sadly hampered the efforts of the fire-fighters. The roofs of the buildings adjoining Mr. Bechet's establishment were just catching fire from the shower of sparks rained upon them when the hose was taken through the Daily Telegraph office, and the incipient flames were quenched. Shortly before 1 o'clock the burning; building presented a grandly terrible sight. The stone walls stood firmly, though the slate roof had crumbled and fallen in ; and through the apertures in it could be seen great rafters reddening into charcoal, while the burnt ghosts of chandeliers swayed to and fro, and now and then a great beam would fall, like a giant torch. As we have said, cracks opened in the outer walls ; and once or twice a panic seized the crowd — a panic which, owing to the presence of the police, only resulted in a little crushing and swaying, but which, otherwise, might have been the death of more than one. Just where the crowd was thickest, opposite the Savings Bank, a hose burst, and the shower of dense spray which bespattered all within thirty feet of it soon cleared an open space there. At 1 o'clock a ladder was run up from the verandah of the bank to the coping of the roof, and Thomas Wills, one of the ftenard sailors, ran up it with a branch, which did good Bervice by playing into the interior of Mr. Bechet's store through one of the circular openings in the side wall. The Poddington Brigade did good service with the hand-pump, and the Insurance and North City Company, with several others, worked very vigorously ; but the fire hod been burning three-quarters of an hour before the steam-engine was got to work, and had ihere been anyone sleeping in ihe_ build- ing life would undoubtedly 'have been lost, in the absence of o fire escape. The wind was in the enst, and eo the sparks fell for the most part harmless, but still anxiety for the safety of the surrounding buildings lasted, until at 2 a.m. the fire was got well under. Consternation was great, as might have been expected, in the Telegraph office. The compositors' frames and cases were removed, and owing to the con fusion it was for a little time difficult to say whether the paper would be issued as usual. Subsequently, the usual work of a newspaper office was carried on almost as if no great fire were raging in the immediate vicinity, The pressure of water before 1 o'clock was very weak, from the fact that hand-branches were used and that it was difficult to see where best the violence of the flames coul-? be checked. Volun teers at the pumping-engine were, however, numerous, and when the steam-engine arrived a strong stream was directed against the cracking walls and through the burnt windows of the building. None of the places around were seriously injured ; and that a fire of such magnitude should have been confined to the warehouse in which it broke out, and where it had obtained a secure hold before it was noticed, is attributable to two causes— the solidity of the walls within which it raged, and the judiciously directed efforts of the firemen, to prevent the flame's spreading. Mr. Bechot's warehouse was completely gutted, and as floor after floor, laden heavily with expensive and in flammable poods, sank down to preserve tho blaze, which, bursting forth at every opening, drew together the enormous erowd which thronged York, Barrack, and George streets, exclamations of admiration rose hvely from those a.sem bled. The crowd was an orderly one, and whenever assistance was needed in working (ho engines or arranging hoses it was freely proffered. At half-past 1 o'clock ji smart shower fell, and this, seeing that the building was completely gutted, enabled the firemen to get the flames under, until, at 2 a.m., bare hot walls surround ing a great mass of smouldering debris showed that the fight was over, and that the Savings Bank and the many warehouses near at hand were safe. During the day the 6cene of the fire was visited by large numbers of people, and it was evident that considerable apprehension existed that the front wall of the building might fall at nny moment. The building has beeu com pletely gutted, and no portion of the stock, except a few articlee of trifling value and in a damaged condition, has been saved. A portion of the stock of Messrs. Farleigh and Nettheim, leather merchants, York-street, has been injured by water to the extent of seveial hundred pounds, but anything approaching an approximate estimate cannot be given at present, as the greater part of the goods exposed to injury fire in cases. The roof of the building is also damaged by fire. During the height of the conflagration the Savings' Bank was ir jeopardy ; but all danger was happily averted by the exertions of certain members of the fire brigades, who mounted to the roof and prevented the flames from com municating with that portion of the building, while several of the water police force, who had taken up a position on. top of the bank balcony, also gave valuable aid in arresting the progress of the 'flames in that direction. At one time grave fears were entertained that Mr. Bechet, who lived on the premises which were destroyed, was asleep in an upper room ; but it turns out that he started for Wollongong by steamer on Tuesday night before 12 o'clock. As soon, as he heard the news be returned to Sydney, arriving on 'Wednesday night; he estimates his lo'ss at from £20,000 to £25,000. It is worthy of notice that the Hook and Ladder Company made their first public appearance at this fire, and rendered timely and important service in carrying the hose up into the burning building and enabling the firemen to reach the roof of the Savings Bank and other contiguous premises, which were at one time in imminent danger. All the men worked vigorously and earnestly throughout, and the muster of men forming the various brigades was unusually large. The following companies were present under tho direction of superintendent Bown, namely: — Insurance Brigade, City Brigade, North City Brigade, Paddington, Newtown, Waterloo, and Alexandria ; Kent Brewery Brigade and the Hook and Ladder Company ; and under Superintendent Oram — No. 1, 2. and 3 Companies, Hud son's Brigade, and the Glebe Company. The insurances on Mr. Bechet's stock are as follows : — Im- perial Insurance Company, £4000 ; New Zealand Insurance Company, £4000 ; City Mutual Insurance Company, £2000; North British, £2000; and London and Lancashire, £2000. The entire block of buildings comprising the premises leased by Mr. Bechet and the stores occupied by the Doily Telegraph and Messrs. Farleigh and Nettheim, are the prope'rty of Mr. J. B. Rundle, of this citv, and are insured to the extent of £6000 in the United Insurance Company, half of which amount is re-insured in the Victoria and Australian Alliance companies. 