BirjlXING OF THE OPERA HOUSE, NICE. A correspondent of the Glebe sends from Paris the following, detailed account of the catastrophe . "According to those who escaped, no words can describe the horror of the scene which ensued in the black labor while the flames were licking the proscenium, and the heavy smoke from the burning scenery was gradually stifling those who were trying in vain to force their way onwards through doors blocked up with the bodies of those who had fallen down fainting to be trampled under foot. Colonel Fischer, who commanded the 40th Regiment, stationed at Nice, was in the theatre with his wife and daughter. Providentially all three managed to make their escape, but the colonel's sword, left in the box, has since been found in a half motion state. Madame Bianca Dorado, the prima donna, in whose honour Lucia di Lammermoor was being sung, had just left the stage when the explosion took place. She did not know her way about the theatre, but surprised in the dark by the first rush of affrighted chorus singers, she was literally carried out into the street before she knew where she was. Other of her colleagues were not so fortunate, for a number of them are still missing, though it may fairly be conjectured that the majority have been taken into the house of people in the neighbourhood, where their hurts are being attended to, and where they are recover- ing from the shock they have received. The basso Gottoni's body has been identified, and fears are entertained that the tenor has shared in the same fate. Signor Cotton was a young and promising singer. It was not the first time he had been under fire, for he was very nearly burnt to death in the conflagration at the Theatre des Arts, at Rouen. He was to have taken the part of the Ghost in Hamlet on that occasion, and he was compelled in his full suit of armour to jump from a second floor window into the street. He was caught on some matr crosses, but he was so much hurt and shaken that very slight hopes were entertained of his recovery. He did get well, but fate appears to have marked him out as the victim of the de- vouring element, for, after escaping at Rouen) he was burnt to death at Nice. " The suitors from the fleet now in port for the purpose of being present at and taking part in the organisation of the McGarvie, rendered signal service, rivalling with the detachments of the 40th Regiment in their endeavours to save life, Parties of volunteers offered their services for the exploration of the still ' smoking ruins, and the people of Nice can say that no human life was lost which could have been saved by any daring or heroism on the part of those who performed prodigies of valour. Sailors swarmed like cats along the narrow cornices, raiding i the people pent up behind the windows in making their escape, but they could not break down the stout, iron clamped, oaken doors, opening inwards, and doubly locked, which were meant to effect additional means, of ingress' in the event of any use, Two soldiers dashed right in the thick volumes of smoke to drag out a woman who, mad with excitement, attempted to make her way into the burning, theatre to find her two children and their father. One of the sailors in trying to work his horse lost his balance and fell into the fire but was immediately rescued, though severely injured, by two of his comrades. The French and American sailors were the first to enter the burning house and endeavour to free the doorway, dragging away by main force the bodies of those who were being trampled on by others in their eagerness to escape. Eye- witnesses describe the scene as horrible in the extreme. The air was heavy with the pungent smell of burning human remains, and many of the volunteers fainted away when they got inside the house and climbed up to that narrow staircase which led to the fourth gallery The unfortunate victims in their haste to escape had formed a regular barricade of human bodies,' and stopped the passage. The dead had to be cleared away rapidly. An old man, with long, white hair and board, was upright against the pile of corpses, holding out a little girl of about five years of age at arms length. Both were of course dead. The body of a woman was brought out entirely carbonised, with the exception of the arms which, were encased in long gloves, and adorned with bracelets. Shots; wore requisitioned and filled with charred human remains, the bodies of several of the unfortunate, victims burnt beyond all chance of recognition Strong disinfectants were required to enable the working parties to continue their labours. The official list of the dead received at the Ministry of the Interior simply refers to the number of persons whose remains have been identified, while letters and telegrams from Nice declare that the total number of victims will exceed 200, as many are buried among the ruins, having jumped from the galleries into the stalls, where every means of retreat was cut off by the fire. M. Bray, president of the syndicate of Em- ployes do Commerce at Avignon, who had come over to Nice with his wife, his sister in-law, and cousin for the regatta, were among the victims in the dress circle, also a young married couple who had left their two children at home. Count Lucco, with his family, was burnt to death in one of the stage boxes, and Dr. Guinand was dragged out of a Signore, the door of which was broken through by the sailors with their boarding axes, in a' half suffocated condition. The funeral of the victims took place at Nice. The flag on the Prefecture was hung with crape, and, with the flags on the vessels in the harbour and at Villefranche, was hoisted half-mast high. The whole town is in mourning. The shops are closed and all the festivities which were to have marked the McCartie, as well as the regattas, have, been abandoned, so that the funds might be ? devoted t towards alleviating the sufferings of those whose hopes have been wrecked by the sad calamity. Not a single mask was to have been soon in the streets yesterday. There were no parties or soirees., and every resident and visitor is' seeking to soften the effects of the, catastrophe. Madame Blanc, of Monaco, has -not waited for any appeal to be made to her, but has forwarded a sum of £4,000 to the Prefect of A 'Nice, for' immediate distribution among the, sufferers.' Countess Vigior, nee Sophie Cruvolli, who married from the stage which is now a wreck, has decided to repeat the performance of Elsa in Lohengrin for the benefit of the victims." ,, i s i, l 