HER MAJESTY'S, SHrPDOTEftEfc;,. • Tiib Jlutnot Ayrei Standard says ; -"."y Stunt, CLE , who has jart arrited from' tb« Straits of 'Magellan;' has ;Hndly~M*oared :w* with tho loUowing latest parUenfars'-at>6at Shis'* sadaocident. .On tho 24lh of May.'thedfveri^B of .whom.there are-eight atwork.thne'.een.^ stanUy;down, recovered four'corpses;ftom?0)o'-s veaiel—those of Lieutenant Oreighj'-^Kylor^'li1? marine; Prior, a marine and DriieeUi agnU'"-" ner.. Next day.'theywetj -rolemnlj interrod'-8 1 . with' nuval honours,-'-' th'e-'chaplaln of j'Kef^ ' Majesty's ship GarnetiflfficUting.(riTOa,bedier'' were carried on fonrgon'eartingM/etiMirtcdlb'y^9 GO marines from?her Majesty's ships' Garhsbahd59 Penguin . with rtnns" rovoYsed-* Srid'^mUffief9 drums. Although there waB -2 ':;feet "of® .snow, on the.-ground,-; fully; tOp^psopl* were present, amoogthem all the officers cf'.thati Garnet and Penguirv the .-port cepttlut Dtvtt Fenton, (the Government docjor) andhi*^too>ao •B6v.*Mr,.I)oran, IiouianVCatholiO/chaplain; ntj5 ;the;'.TalkIand. Islands,! ldr, gtant,^0,15.ijc*C«f> jponhdengtras,'beneath. whfc|j,nn4(jtba.ohsias^di if^tobeiMnlylflgfiQ tfoUitaito. biratmot ' Crefgb'a't&rpatf; rwoa 'fonnd. luasitting pbaitibhj " with hls'lioeid-leaning oh hie' hand; as ifhe were reaffitfgwhen !thq accident happened; he. : was drowned,-'and 'not injured in any way.' 3 Some of'<the- oorpses we're. parboiled. One holler hae been, foond uninjnred, bnt another jinottif-befound. It is' snrmisod that the •hip woa ahort of water',-and, when the donkey \- engines pnmped'in the salt water, the boiler bntat." f'1-' • Heat F^satrrr iw Cincinnati.—The official mortality return for the city, of Cincinnati re lating to,, the ,,wgek ending the 16th of July \- contains •omodntereeting partionlare of the ex traordinary :fatality from heat, of which tole graphic jntplligenco reaohed this country at the time. Ityappean.that 683 deaths'were reported in the city: daring the week among a population of less than ,300,000 inhabitants; thsso were \- equal to an. annqal rate of 108 6 per. 1,000. Of these 683^do^ths,'2Gl wero^directly referred to • sunstroke,'and 160, indirectly. to ' "excessive host." 3wsetfwcrp,cxolusivo of,.,100 deaths rosnltingfrom infantile and simple oholeraand other diarrfacool diseases. With regard to tho 314 fatal,oaseB of .sunstroke and excessive heat, it is interesting' to..note; that thoy. included 260 of-jaiales:, and 164 of ..females; •_ 118 were of infanta and ohildinn under fivo years of age, .and: 161* of young- persons aged ■ between! 0 and 20y ears. . It is also noteworthy that of 264"deaths attributed; to sunstroke, no \- fewer thaa,138, ,or uiore than hslfpwero of yonng persoha.agod 10.-years and under 20. The retarn beforo us ehows that only one of the 414 victims of .tho excessive heat was oolonred j .'.it is also noted that 146 of the 264 reportedvdqsths from, sunstroke woro of resi dents of' the' city born in Germany. Tho 100 : deaths fgim diarrhoeal diseases included 67 of : childrenptihder.fivo yoars of age, showing tho infantile,proportion of these diarrhoeal diseases tobe considerably• smaller than that whioh prevails "at this season .in the largo English \- towns., jjfhs intensity of. the,heat in Cincinnati may be imagined from the following figures:— -.The mean temperature of tho three days—10th, 11th, and,12ch of July—was 01-4 dogs.; tho -. minimum'reuding in the shade on thoso days was 80 6.degs., and tho maximum.103-6 degs. This tropical heat far .c-xcosds any. recorded in London !ast month,' unusual. as that was.— Zantti. """ ' ; Th« Last of thb Pomttbchhic.—Wo (London Timer, August 26) ata sorry to announce that this is the;, lost-week, of .the, old Polyteohnic Institution jnBegent-etreet, the place where it was alwaja .proftssed that . instruction and ■muaomeot: went hand in. hand, tho place where, the first rndqeflorta of . photographio art were displayed soma 40 years ago by .M. Dagasrro, ana whem.tho .V diving bell," and Pep per'» ghost have delighted the childhood and boyhood of the present generation. The Poly technic wu fonnded in 18^3 for the exhibition of novelties in tho arte and practical science, es pecially in connection with agricnltnre, manu factures,paid other ibracches of industry. The buildings wore enlarged in 1818. They extend ton depth of mora than 300 feo\ The interior* at presenVwtyh ite central hall and lorger ond smaller theatres, .is too Will- known both to. Londoners and to. " oountry cousins", to need any detailed description. .' Wo may state, how ever, lhatthofloor of : the hall was originally coonpiidjby twq canals, witho surface of 700 feet of w^ter, attached to whioh, were the sp purteoances of a dockyard, locks, water- wheels, steamboat models, &a.;\ bnt tbese were romoved in order to admit of more of ,tho. products of terra firms, geological strata;; agricultural im plements, specimens of glass, blowing, and other delicate operations, as well as to make room for leotnres upen'to claues of young people of either sex. It- isio bo closed after Saturday next, the shareholders of, thecompany, having rosolved to place this concern in liquidation, and tho in •titntion jtpd" ite various contents- and- " pro perties" will ehortly bo brought to the hammer, Tur.vtiaarHe and, Railways is China — China will in all probability unexpectedly derive advantage-from the rcoont spootre of a Russian Invasion.^nTha pnlaoo authorities have hitherto been stropgly ..opposed to tho construction of railways within tho frontlors of tho ompiro. It is not .very long ugo that tho Ohincso Go vernment! bought up and silently removed a railway constructed and. worked. by foreign, capitalists,'considering tho Sedan choir a suffi ciently rapid, and luxurious,moans.of locomo tion. HtitV'tho Ministers who had to proparc for war wjcre.greatly hindered by tho comp'.oto absence of "suitable moans of transport for troops and stares, and tho peoplo in the palace afd_btginnihg to see that the great empire Vifhout railways' and telegraphs Is in reality dofoncelcfs. Preparations are noVbelngmado tb provido for both most oxten sl'ely. ^bo'titjh'yoar ago tho Emporor or rns counsellors ,,gavo their sanction for • telegraph I'hiatween,'Pokin, Tien.tain, arid Bhsngbai, which will * probably be completed this year j . and but litllo doubt exists that all the great cities.'of' tho empire will shortly be nailed by'telegraphl Imperial permission has .also been"'/bbtaint:d for a .railway" from tho capital to lholpbrt'of Tien-tnin, a. distance of 70 miles, and frb'm thtro to tlio river Yaug-tzi "ung, 606'mUcV farther, south'. The Imperial exchequer'is.not'at prcaput in a state tj defray the expcnstP of J,snch extensive undortakioge with tho means'.at its disposal; but foreign Capital may-bq-h'ad to any extent if only suffi cient guaranties are given to investors that the railways will bo constructed and worked in tho way dcs'rdd- by themi The whole movsraont is J* 'ha grostest Significance, n« a proof that tho Chineso arO-bcgiiihlug to seo that Confuoius is somewhat antiquated, and that they mustsomo hoar or other adopt und work modern ideas if In' c,hpi'a Is not to tumble to piece?.—Jron. .'a»b rpAgp'c in Ikpia hnAWL?.—United Mates Oonaul G. Hi-Hcnp c ills tho attention of tho Government' of the United States to the continued 'prevalence nnd: extension of tho plegno in the* region about tho : I .ower Euphra tes. A point of great interest in the report is tho attcntiin H-calle to tb'o dangor of infeoted orticlpi beiOg recCived from dietriota montioned In former despatches In former despatches r tibawU, rngi/and'car ^wcomtoajfsom- theso dislriots »re.; usually packsd in close bales, and not opened till they reachthelr .port ofdestinatlori in Enropb or America.; Snob articles are 'frequently thoee which hays been in use by families in which a death from contagions disease has occurred, and induced a saleof effects regarded as dangerous. Italy, Busain, and Egypt have appreciated the danger, and taken measures .to guard against infection from this souroo.—Banitary Record. Hamkahw tub Nihilist.—A despatch has beon reooived by tho United Btates Government from St. Petersburg, which says that the Bus sian Government have deoided to ask for Hartmann's extradition,.and that the Russian press censures the United States for harbouring criminals, and for being generally a lawless country. Hartmann's friends say they had information to tbo same effect when he fled'to Canada, but ha will now remain and test the question. What AJto How Mvch a Hah Should Eat. —According to the.Scitiman, Dr.. Wilson, the! eminent physiologist and Combe lecturer for Scotland, in' the course of a recent address, said that a healthy adult should consume per day 4i ozs. of nitrogenous matter, about 3 ozs. of 101; 14 ozs. of etarcheis and sugars, and I oz. of minerals. This , amountof nourishment might be obtained by eating 18 ozs. of meat, or its equivalent, 19 ozs. of bread, and' 3J ozi. of butter ; while water should be absorbed to the amount of 62 ozs. The amount of food required varied with the conditions under which the person lived. Thus for a man in idleness, 2 67 ozs. nitrogenous, and 19'61 of catbonaceous matter might suffice; but for one engaged in ordinary' labour, the proportions should b'e ,4'SG of nitrogenous, and 29 24 of carbonaceous; and for oho at hard labour, 6°81 of nitrogenous and 34 97 of carbonaceous. It was' Btated that 2J lbs. of beef would | afford as much nourishment as 10 lbs. of pota toes ; and tho ieoturer remarked that we conld I not havo a contented people where potatoes 1 formed a large proportion of the dietary. In regard to tea; again, regret was expressed that the poor Bhonld set so . much store by an article which contained no flesh forming ' elements, whilo cocoa, with bread and milk, formed a diotary on which a large amount of ■ work could be done. The place of tea and coffee, it was explained, was that of aids' to nutrition and preventers of waste. As to alco hol, ho remarked that much ofits aotion on the body was yet a sealed book. This much, had been ascertained, that alcohol' was positively I injurious to tho young and growing body. Tho healthy adult had no necessity for itbut the medical man had to consider alcohol from this point of view, that human life was not regu lated by a biological rule of three. , There were differences of constitution, aad alcohol might, in sbmo cases, bo useful as a digestive aid- He did'nbt say that in alt cases that held good, bat he was very far from taking np the position that there was no good in alcohol, and no use in wine. He qnite sympathised with the tem perance agitation as regarded too many of those drinhiog'cnitoms of this country, which hod neither physiology nor common sense on their side. Alcohol should only be taken along with food, and in that case it might have'diotio uses. JABbavb Oppiczu.—Captain Boyd, of Peli can Fiat, Lake Uacquarie, has (says the S;lf. Herald) been instrumental in saving life pre vious to his happy services in connection wi h the.wreck of the Frinos Viotor reoentiy. When a daughter'of Mrs. Farrington fell into (Lake Uacquarie, followed by her mother, who leaped in witha view to rescue, Captain Boyd arrived on the soene. just in time to save them both. Hany other inatanoes could be oited: where Captain Boyd has: been .the rosoner of: others; i but the most remarkable of these oc onrred in the year 1857, when he made ont to sea six times, aud: brought six sailors to land, otherwise they most havo inevitably perished. In the opinion of many people who are familiar with Captain Boyd'e good.eervices and nnflinohing bravory, his: work deserves some recognition. ; O'DokoVan Roess.—Tho Boston Bitot, an in fluential organ of Irish-American opinion of tho better class, quoting O'Donovan Ros.-a's dynamite address, says it represents Irish-born citizens of tho United States as a horde of law less, reokless conspirators. It will not ray that Irishmen ought not to retaliate on England, even to destroying her wealth and commerce, as she has destroyed their lives and homes, but it contends that if Irishmen in America attempt to' dostroy English ships they will commit a rank offence against America, and be driven ont like wild beasts. Evidenoe is accumulating that his manifesto was planned deliberately as a means of blackmailing: the steamship cum panics. The agents of the prominent lines look upon it in that tight and are not taking in creased precautions against the shipment of explosives,. although cargoes are rigidly scrntinised. Tho National Zeiiunj of Berlin, is of opinion that the brutal manifestoes regard ing English shipping will, to some extent, in jure British trade by deterring passengers and shippers from . using English lines. Tho Berliner Tayellatt oonsidcrs the stand takes by these miscreants as most serious, and can hardly boliova that human brings can aonceivc saoh diabolical intentions as they bave expressed. Liedtilvant Phillips aud Two Seshbn DbOWszd.—Tho I'iji Tims of September 17 roports that Mr. Burnoss, who atrivrd from Nunanu, brought tho molancholy intelligence of a fatal accident which hoe happened to a boat's orow of the surveying eohoonor Alacrity, by which Lioutonant Phillips and two of tho orew have lost their lives. The Alacrity was anchored at the island of Yedna, the survey of which was then proceeding. The boat, with Lieutenant Phillips and four men, left the schooner to proceed with tho survoy work some distance off, and, in jibing, tho boat capsized. Lionteuant Phillips, who could swim woll, and two of tbo men, also good swimmors, loft tho boat and struck out for iho reef, lie men roachod tho reef iu safoty; bnt, from eomo'unknown ennso, Lieutenant Phillips failed, and was drowned. > The other two mon,' who oontd not Bwim, clang to tho bottom :of the:boat,- but were unfortunately washed off and drowned. The boqt was not' picked up for two days • afterwards, and of oourse the bodies were not reoovrre^. 