REMINISCENCES OP WINDSOR. By WILLIAM WALKER. Subsequent Elections. THE second general Election took place in ,- 1848. Bowman and Fitzgerald were again nominated-the latter 'it appeared, however, without his consent. Bowman had, there fore, next to a walk over. But a great con test took place for Cook and Westmoreland. Mr. Alfred Cheeke, Commissioner of the Court of Requests, in answer to a nume rously-signed requisition, announced him self (ts a candidate. In opposition to him, Mr. James Martin, a young- and rising attorney, was brought out. It was objected against Mr. Cheeke that he was a govern ment official, and that thc Government were already sufficiently represented in the Coun cil by their nominees ; further, that he would be bound to obey the behests of his masters on all occasions, and could not, therefore, give an independent vote. The requisition to Mr. Cheeke was drawn out by myself ; he was a personal friend of mine, whereas at that time Mr. Martin was un known to me , and he was represented as an \ ambitious young- man prematurely brought into public life ; though supported "by Went worth, Nicholls. Fitzgerald, and other' in-1 fluentinl politicians. The Sydney Herald and the Atlas of that day favored the public with repeated articles upon the merits and demerits of the candidates-the former paper supporting Cheeke, whilst the latter went in tor Martin. Some of the articles in tlie Atlas were very clever, and had such headings os " Cheeke and his Cook," and " Cheeking a county." Thc latter was a poetical satire (said to be written by Mr. W. Forster) in the form of a dramatic frag ment, the dialog- je being between Alfred and the ghost of Sir George Gipps. The requisition and reply are turned into rhyme. In one place Alfred says to the spirit ot the governor, who had been advising him : " Thanks for the lesson ¡ but Sir tell, Will my Election go on well ? Will any person me oppose And shall I triumph o'er my foes '! GHOST : Yes, 'Jeamcs' the country round first having scanned, Will pitch ot last on Cook and Wcst f. moreland. He picks out you (wise knowledgeable .elf), As one less worthy than himself." Although Cheeke bad pledges which, if kept, must have secured bis return, he was beaten by the talented young solicitor (after wards Attorney-General and Chief Justice), who was elected by u considerable majority. I well rcmemncr the arrival at Wilberforce of the Kurrajong men, marching in pro cession with a baud at their head, consisting of a fiddle and an empty rum-keg for a drum, with Grandfather Hoski6son and Jimmy Cullen, the sporting publican, lead ing thom, all, with one exception, being voters for Martin. They had been shep herded all the night previous in one place, and kept well plied with ruin. There was only one man of thc lot (a North of Ireland Orangeman) who was persuaded to give Cheeke a vote. When tho House met Martin's return was petitioned against, on the ground that lie had not a legal qualili ciitiou, namely, a freehold in his own right of thc requisite amount. He lind declared himself the owner of some property in Sydney, derived fruin a client, named Rey nolds. Tho Committee ol' the House (W. Bowman being Chairman) reported that they could find no registered conveyance of thc property in question to Mr. Martin, and recommended action to be taken to deprive bini of his seat. A spirited debato ensued, in which Wentworth, in behalf ot Ma'tin, ? and Lowe, contra, took part. Mr. Martin himself delivered an eloquent address, which he concluded thus : " However great might be their present power within these walls. they could exercise no authority over the constituency who sent bim there ; and who he felt confident would send him back in triumph, clothed with far greater power and influence than, had it not been for 'these illegal and vindictive prncoruliu-'s, he could otherwise easily have obtained." Mr. Martin made a formal protest against the procee dings, which en led in his Election being declared void, and his ieaving the house at the request of the Bergeant- at-arms. As he predicted, however, he was. again triumph antly returned, and before assuming his seat a second time handed in a letter to the Speaker wherein he stated, "That he did not admit that he had ever ceased to be a meinber'of the Legislative Council since his original Election." lu 1850 an Imperial Act was passed, separating Port Phillip from New South Wales, and erecting it into a separate colony under the name ot Victoria. By this Act also the New South Wales Legislature was empowered and required to pass an Elec toral Act to give effect to the change. A colonial act accordingly went through, re taining the number of 36 representatives, but slightly modifying the apportionment. This necessitated a new Election. The' Cumberland Boroughs' affair took place in September, when Mr. John Rose Holden (who had been rejected at the Election for Sydney-Dr. Lang beating him) was brought out by the then Government, party, supported by R. Fitzgerald. Mr. William Bowman, who had been taking things rather easily, was then induced to come actively forward again. The result of the contest, however, was that contrary to all expec tation, Bowman was defeated for the first time, and was found in a minority at all the polling-places except Richmond. Holden's aggregate majority was 26. There was a great deal of stir towards the end over this Election ; extra mounted police were brought out to keep order, and for the first time here voters were conveyed to the poll in hired carriages. To console Bowman for his defeat a presentation of silver plate was made to him at a luncheon given by his friends at Richmond, on thc 13th February, 1852, at which I was present, and responded to one of the toasts. Holden only retained his seat for about 18 months, when he re signed and went to England Bowman was then re-elected without opposition. There was not the same facility for getting candi dates then that there is now-the large property qualification beim? an obstacle. ín Cook" and Westmoreland Mr. Martin was opposed in his re-election by Mr. Long more, a Roman Catholic attorney of Sydney ; but being now supported by many ol' his loriner opponents, who had learnt to admire and appreciate his talents and his conduct since he had been a member, he was re turned by a large majority. These were the last Elections under the first limited repre sentative constitution, which lasted about 13 years. When the new constitution, framed by Wentworth, conferring responsible govern ment on the colony, came into operation in 1856, the Cumberland Boroughs' con stituency was enlarged to include the town of Penrith. The Elections took place in April of that year. On this occasion Mr. Bowman presented himself for re-election, but met with a vigorous opposition. He had become unpopular under allegations that he had neglected to attend to his duties in the House, and had misrepresented the views of his constituents on the subject of a petition against portions of the new consti tution. No less than three opponents ap peared in the field, Robey, Redman, and Ross-three R's. Their numerousness was Bowman's strengh. Had any one of them singly opposed Lim, he would have failed. The result, however, was in his favour, but only by ö votes ; the numbers polled being Bowman 129, Robey 124, Redman 11Ö, Ross 90. The speeches of the opposing candidates during this Election were most amusing. Redman ard Ross generally ap peared at the same meeting, and abused each other soundly to the great enterta;n ment of the audience. The nomination was a lengthy proceeding, and extended far into tho night, under caudle light. Redman was particularly " long winded." He was the last speaker, and after he bad addressed the audience for au hour-aud-a-half by way ol' introduction, he went on to say " Gentle " men, after these few preliminary remarks, I will now proceed to give you a full expo sition of my political principles !" It was the most tiresome thing of the kind I bau ever heard. The Electorate of Cook and Westmoreland had had an additional mem ber conferred on it. Mr. Martin and Mr. Robert Jamieson of Penrith stood together for its representation. A Mr. Arkins op posed Jamieson, but the result was that Martin and Jamieson were returned by large majorities. In December 185? the Cowper Ministry having been defeated on a Bill to increase the assessment on stock and rent of runs, the House was for the first time dissolved, nud a general Election took place in 1858. For the Cumberland Boroughs Mr. Bowman for the fifth time offered himself, but was now not only confronted hy a former oppo nent, Mr. Redman, but a new competitor of a formidable character appeared in the per son of the young and eloquent barrister, Mr. William Bede Dalley. This gentleman had just stood lor re- election at Sydney, but was defeated, or nllowed himself to be so, there in order to save his chief, Mr. Cowper. After a smart contest, Mr. Dalley came in at the hoad of the poll, the numbers being. Dalley 240, Bowmau 10<-<, and Redman 5S. This put a period to Mr. Bowman's legis lative career. In November following Mr. Dalley became Solicitor-Gcueral, and was re-elected on taking office. For Cook ami Westmoreland Mr. Marriland Mr. Jamieson were again returned, this time being unop posed: This was the last Election Mr. Martin engaged in iu this district. A MfN named Sterl ng was banged in Youngtown, Ohio, in 1877, for the murder of a young girl, lie was convicted on the evidence of a huckster, who a few days ago, on his death bed, confessed that he ivas the murderer. 