AMUSEMENTS. MACBETH AT TUB ROYAL, Edmund Yates lately wroto, in tho World, that Sliakspoaro was a very groat man, but ho could not writo a drama wltioh would thoroughly ptcaso a modern audionco. Till is simply Bayinpr, 111 othor words, that Shaksuoav lived thrco hundred yoars ago, and that tho world goes round, Alacboth is a heavy piece;' aud so is Hamlet ; thoy ought both to bo cut down into thrco act, fornow-a-day pooplo con- BidorthatfromS to a quarter past 10, or at tho utmost half-past, is plenty of timo to spend in athoatroofau ovoning. The dialoguo and soliloquies, which one reads with so much pleasure at homo, will bear groat retrench ment on tho stago, where tho plot is tho tiring. ' Mr Harkins played Mncbotli at tho Royal on Saturday uiglit, and was graphic m all tho popular siuations, such as tlio Dagger Sceno, that with Bauquo's ghost, tho mterviow with witclies iu their cavern, and tho inovitablo torrifio combat with' Alacduff. Yot tho play lugged occasionally, because theatre-goers at the present day are not, in gonoral, acquainted with Shakspoaro, and do not help forward tho porformers with that ox- )octatiou which comes Of private study. . Miss Austcad lucks the physique for Lady Alacboth, tho most trying part ever attempted, by a ladv, except Ilamlct, which wo havo seon two lady licrformers ilounder through, Miss Olovo- land aud Rose Evans. Airs Charles Kean was far short of high excellence in Lady Macbeth, and Aladamo ltistori, who rendorcd tho sleep-walking sceno in English, showed the possibilities of this awful role. Lady Mocboth stands with King Loar, among Shakspoaro'? creations as tho unact- ablo, at all events by iiving artists, though Airs Siddons gave tuo reality to our grand-, fathers. There will bo an opportunity this wcok to see Mr Harkins iu Macbc tn, Hamlet, Richard: III, and Othollo. Our country cousin may rely on seeing an excellent actor in Air Har- MclfcoimiO with interest. His tour through Australia and New Zealand ought to prove a successful venture, on tho whole, and ho is under engagement for the Princess Theatre. London, noxt Spring, that te, bur Autumn ot 1SS2. THE OPERA ROUSE. Air Baudmann is accused of galloping rather in his speech, but he had' tho excuse of a very long programme to got through at the Opore, Houso on Saturday night, in tho Diiko's Motto and Corsicau Brothers, 'though tho lattor was stripped of thq great Masquorado scene, ono of its principal, attractions. , Never theless tho audiOucQ, fcn joyed five or six acts of incessant busUt. Henri do -Lagardero, iu tho Duke's Motto, was Fechtor's great London hit, andBandmann plays tlio character with a dash, which, wliou pro>orly supported by his confreres, carries this niost improbable piece through with eclat, for tho spebtators must not have time to think, or the step from the sublime to tho ridiculous might bo overpassed. Lagarderes fight with four desperadoes is splondid, and would ovon fotch them at tlio old " Wic." His disguise as tho dwarf /Esop, and sudden transformation into Lagardero before the villian Gonzagncs, is well carried out by Air Baudmann. Tlio Corsicau Brothers is one of those dramas which are bound to turn up at almost every theatre now and again, like the Octoroon. It is what tho profession call a Saturday night piece. Tho composer . of that strange thread of music which runs through it was a gonius, for it haunts one all Sunday after a Saturday night spent in tho company of tho mysterious - brothers — those Siameso Twins iu thoir way, who, although soparato, know exactly what happens to each other, and see weird duds in tho snow through thin gauze. Tho final strugglo betwoon Messrs Baudmann and Cathcart, ns Fabieu doi Franchi and Chateau Ronaud, was watched with breathless iuterest, as, after tbo . rapiers had snapped, they finished it off with tho sword points wrapped with their handker chiefs. Irving recently played tho Coreican , Brothers for 200 nights in London, nt the Lyceum, where Baroness'Burdett-Coutts fur nishes him with tho funds for his theatrical speculations, as she did to Fetchcr at the same theatre, of which sho is tho owner. The ox- E3nses of tho Corsican Brothers nt tho yceum were L1G0 a night, and tho receipts never .fell below L210. The vol vet tableaux . curtains, used only for tho Opera Alasqueradc. cost L720, aud 100 mon wore at work behind the scenes, so that the most ' elaborate sot could be shifted, and another, onually olabo- : rate, put on, all in the space of halt a minuto— a celerity for which Atelbourno irinygoors would sometimes be grateful. bijou theatre.. The Bijou was well filled- as U3ual on Satur day evening, when the Juvenilo Tarabour- Alnjor ended its fourth woek, or rather began the fifth, as theatrical matters are reckoned. HUDSON'S SURPRISE PARTY. Hudson's Theatre presents a gav programme this week of mirth and melody. The audience were highly pleased on Saturday night by a rippling succession of good musio, intermixed with innocent fun. BEGONE DULL CARE. The mimetic art line many phases. ' Pleasure may be derived from the improvisations of a Theodore Hook or a Thatcher, which imitate while describing, from the glib patter of an Al bert Smitb, from the ventrrioquial pleasantries of an Alexandre, or a Love. But the combin ation of the best points of, these in one indi- vidual cripics aeiignc. i.ne entortainments 01 polyphomsts are to a great extent the growth of modern society. They shoot at passing humors aud aro tho satirists of the day. Like the players of the pre-newspaper period, they are "abstracts and brief chronicles of tho time." We have seen' many hero of rare excellence. We recall with grateful memory of many a laugh the names of' Lovo, Birch and George Cotterell— and even rosy-faced buxom. Miss Stanley, and quick changing Graco Egcrton. But to tho bestt attainments of those Air. Alaccabo, our newvisitor — thoughold friend— superadds tho fact that ho is a ventri loquist almost equalling Lovo himself. Old Eurykles, who first discovered the extraordin ary control it is possible to attaiu over the voice, would have become speechless with laughter, at the vocal antics of his nineteenth century pupil. The voice of Mac- cabe,or his individualised conversationalists, is as skittish as a Alaribyrnong filly. It rolls and jumps and chuckles and rackets all about you, like a storm echo in tho mountains. f It is hero, there, and everywhere, like an intoxicated will-o'-the-wisp. And the character imper sonations are just splendid." Tho doublo one is couvulsingly funny. Doublo - dressing was first introduce i to the Alelbourne stago by that clover character comedian, Lachlan AI'Gowan, and it is so long since we have seen a good illustration of it that it is tiie moro delightful. But you cannot describe Mr Mac- cube's impersonations. Humor becomes vapid when narrated. Tho wine of wit rau3t be drunk as son as the cork is out. The only thing evciyfcody says of TheMaccnbe is— 309 him, ATHKNUM. Professor Rudolphe will givo his second billiard exhibition to-night at the Athenaeum Hall. No gamo will be played, but tho entire programme will embrace his marvellous strokes of cannons, finger playing, and billiard tricks. To-morrow nignt will be his last performance, and to-morrow afternoon an exhibition has boon arranged for tho benefit of the ladies. 