INTERCOLONIAL AND COUNTRY NEWS. - A correspondent of the Harder Watch gays : — " Last mail brought a letter from a landholder in Ireland to a relative in Victoria, in which he says that Mr. Gladstone has a project in view that will Shake Ireland to its Tcry foundation. The project is that the British Government gives scrip in the national securities for all the land in Ireland, which is to be taken at valuation — the transfer being compulsory. On becoming landlord, the State will parcel out the Irish heritages in 6tnall farms and let to tenants on easy terms and long leases ; the Excise having to collect the rents as it does the rack rent. It will be seen that the pro ject resembles one propounded by Mr. Berry last year, but the Victorian Premier, alarmed at the vast difficulties that beset him, retreated from the position. Ireland is evidently on the eve of a mighty revolution, which may extend further than Erin, and be productive of weal or woe to millions." A well-known portly police magistrate, who belongs to a club in Melbourne, is fond of his joke (remarks a Melbourne correspondent). Uecently Mr. W entered the reading-room of his club, and found therein a lot of young fellows, everyone of whom had a pipe or cigar in his mouth, puffing away for dear life. The old gentleman peered benevolently at the youths over his spectacles, and said, in what appeared a severe tone — " Young gentlemen, arc you aware that tbo rules prohibit smoking in this room ? " He then sat down and buried his face in a folio. All the gentlemen at once put out their pipes and cigars, looking a little shamefaced. When this had been accomplished, and not a glow was to be seen, Mr. \V raised his head, looked benevolently round, saw all was quenched, and then pulling out his own cigar case proceeded coolly to light one. " You see, gentle men," said he, after the first puff, " I don't at all object to smoking, indeed 1 like it, but then I thought it only right to let you know tho rules." The others saw they were sold, and had a hearty laugh. A labourer named Stephen Baxter Holmes, aged 63 years, was arrested on Tuesday by Mounted- constable Grant, of Winchelsea, on a charge of having deserted his wife at Camperdown nearly three years since. Holmes appears to have a much more serious charge hovering over him (says the Geelong Advertiser.) When he left his wife he is said to have married a widow named Graham, and lived with her in the township of Winchelsea. It is expected that a charge of bigamy will be pre ferred against him. It will be remembered thnt the prisoner Burt, alia Wilkinson, who is now in Goulbourn gaol, charged with the murder of Martin Mcntz and his daughter, Mrs. l'umpn, forwarded a request to be tried elsewhere than in Albury. The application was duly considered, but having received a report from Captain liattye, Superintendent of I'olice, to whom the mnttcr was referred, the authorities have decided that the case shall be tried at Albury before the Circuit Court, which commences its sittings on the 11th April next. The first practical step towards exterminating the rabbits in the Malice country was taken on Wednesday, when Messrs. W. Madden and O'Callaghan, M's.I'., submitted to the Victorian Minister for Lands a map on which they had marked off nine depots at which rabbits' skins would be purchased by the Government, and phos- phorised wheat supplied for poisoning the vermin. The Minister said that he had already appointed officers at three of the depots to distribute the grain, and these men were authorised to sell the poison to the selectors, who desired to spread it about, at cost price. They would also purchase rabbit skins. The Grafton Argus is informed that a Victorian firm has decided to erect a sugar-mill in the Big Scrub, near Lismore, to cost £10,000. A sinking recently made on this land discloses the fact that for a depth of SO feet there is pure alluvial soil, It is said, however, that owing to the land being very heavily timbered, it will cost about £12 per ncre to clear. The large sugar-mill now being erected at Woodbtirn, Richmond River, will, together with the necessary appliances, cost the Colonial Sugar Company over £80,000. The circumstances attending a fatal accident which occurred at Big Bend station, in South Australia, on February 15, are thus related by the .>'. A. Adrertiser : — Mrs. llotto, the mother of the little girl drowned, went down to the river to do some washing, Liking all the children with her. She told deceased to take the children to the edge of the river and wash them, when one of tho boys, about 10 years of age, got on a log and slipped off into the water, and began to struggle violently. The girl, seeing this, called to her mother that he was drowning, and jumped in to his assistance, when she also seemed to be beyond her depth. Tho mother was by this time on the spot, and managed to draw he boy to her with an oar. He was quite insensible and stiff. She then went to the assistance of the girl, who had lloated some distance down the river, but just as she got to her 6he went down and never rose agnin. The Khepparton correspondent of the Melbourne Argun states that a serious fracas occurred on Saturday evening, three miles from Khepparton, between two families named Corbctt and M'Auliff, arising out of an old grievance. Others joined in the fight, and one man named Patrick Fitzgerald, 71 years of age, lies in a very precarious state from the effects of a blow from a pick-handle, which smashed his nose and check bones. Tho other combatants were more or less injured. Daniel Corbett, the man who denlt the blow to Fitzgerald, was brought up by the police, on a charge of assault with intent to commit murder, and his brother Patrick on a charge of assault. Both have been remanded ou bail for eight days. Professor Gilbert delivered the first of a series of lectures on phrenology, entitled " Phrenology as a Science, and its Relationship to the Social, Moral, Intellectual, and Religious Improvement of the People," to a crowded and very enthusiastic audi ence, in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street, on Wed nesday. Mr. John . l'otlic, V.S., presided. During the lecture the professor was frequently applauded, and at the close manipulated the heads of a few of his audience. A hearty vote of thanks was ten dered to him niul the chairman. The lecturer stated that a class for instruction in phrenology was being formed, and that he could be inter viewed at the hall by persons desirous of joining. Tho happy possessor of a large pastoral property not 100 miles from Gundagai, and the owner of many llocks and herds, was recently giving his opinion, says tho Gumlagai Timet, of the accident that befel Mr. Gregory at Pigeon-square, Kiandra. " Why, man alive," he said, " I've been a travellin' sheep to them there bloomin' mountains for these 30 years and more, and I be blowed if such a tiling evor happened me. I'd take jolly good care, I would, not to get froze, even, if I'd to. let the bloomin' jumbucks go to blue Jerusalem. Once I was there, and it was cold, and no mistake nbont it, so I puts on my considerin' cap, and then I determined to crnwl into a hollow log, and there I lay as comfortable as possible until mornin', when I crawled out again ; but, by Hogan's ghost, a big bloomin1 brown snake, 7ft or 8ft long, crawled out after me. ' You're a nice bcdfeller,' says I, and f goes and gets a big lump of a stick, and I goes over to kill the beggar, but just as I was goin' to hit him on the nut I thinks of gratitude, and says I, ' No, you beggar, as you didn't bite me I won't 'kill you.' " The Sandhurst correspondent of the Argun writes as follows: — "In the Supreme Court, on Tuesday, before Mr. Justice Higinbothain and a special jury, the case of Carolin v. 'Webb was heard. The plaintiff claimed £1000 damages for injuries sustained by his child through an escape of steam and boiling water from an escape pipe leading from defendant 's Dour-mills to the channel in Williamson- street. The jury returned a verdict for plaintiff, damages £250. The Right Rev. Dr. O'Connor, Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, left Melbourne ou Wednesday by the mail steamer, on a short visit to Europe on important business connected with the affairs of his dioeese. On the previous day, says the Argun, a large gathering of the Catholic clergy and laity assembled at the bishop's residence at Ballarat, and presented addresses, that of the laity being accom panied by a gift of 1070 sovereigns. The warmest expressions of goodwill were expressed towards the bishop. Dr. O'Connor, in reply, said that he had been encouraged by the noble Catholic spirit that hnd been manifested, and in reference to the ques tion of education, said that they might have to struggle for some time longer, but their just rights would, he had no doubt, be in the end conceded. A prooession attended the bishop to the railway sta tion, and hearty cheers were given ou his dc- ipsrture; ' ' There is, says the Age, good liopo of eventually saving, the wrecked steamer Ridge Park, which struck on the Beware Reef; 65- miles en a westerly I direction from Gabo Island, at 4 p.zn. on the I0tn I ultimo. Both the Lady of the Lake, from Paynes-' ville, nnd the schooner Maffra visited the scene of the wreck on Friday last ; and it was found that the Ridge Park is lying in a favourable position, and the whole of the forepart of the vessel being out of water, it is anticipated that all her cargo will be recovered. The Maffra iB taking the Dour out of her as fast as possible, nnd it is expected thnt other schooners will proceed to the wreck at once. The wreck and cargo were submitted to public auction on the 23rd ultimo, and were secured bv Mr. Aaron Waxman, J.P., of East Mel bourne, for £175. Hector Lawrence, the young man who wa3 charged with shooting Chnrle9 Baum in Lonsdale- street a week ago, was .brought up on remnnd on Tuesday, at the Melbourne City Court, nnd charged with the offence. The evidence of a witness named Emily Bell, however, writes the . lye, proved that Baum fired the revolver, and not the accused. The Bench, under these circumstances, discharged Lawrence. H. Fitzgerald De Beaumont, the French "Count," was charged on remand, on Wednesday, at the Mebourne police court, with larceny as a bailee in respect to four gold watches given him by Max Grasset. The evidence, as reported by the Age, went to show thnt the prisoner obtained the goods on the understanding that he required them for presentation to a friend, or would obtain a 9nle for them. He promised to return them in a few days if he could not find purchasers. He did not do so, however, and the prisoner was arrested, after considerable difficulty. The Bench com mitted the prisoner for trial. Another charge, that of endeavouring to impose on Louis Flegel- taub, jeweller, in Bourke-streot east, was also partly gone into. In this instance the "Count" endeavoured to obtain £300 worth of jewellery on the pretence that ho required tho articles for a pre sent for his fiancee. He manifested the greatest taste in the selection of the jewellery, and ordered the costliest patterns. He entered into conversa tion with Mr. FlegelLaub, describing various parts of the Continent he had visited, and recounting his adventures. His indifference to the value of ar ticles ordered, nnd his statement of tho amount of money he was possessed of, aroused Mr. Flcgel- t.nub's suspicion, who, fearing that he might be made n victim of, withheld delivery of his jewel lery and gave information at the detective office. Mr. J. \V. Smith, of Rathurst, has, says the Timet, a number of canary birds nnd other pets of the feathered tribe. Some time ago he selected a fine Norwich canary, nnd commenced to prepare it, with others, for the show, feeding it carefully in order to bring out its beautiful deep colour. One day he noticed blood on its wing, and it appeared as if it had been badly used in a fight. He was surprised at this, as it was a very tame bird, and would hop on to his hand, and never quarrelled with any of its companions. However, the other day, on "going to the cage he found the bird dead. The skin had been torn from its bead, taking the eyes with it, nnd leaving the skull bare. Whilst wondering what could have killed it, a look at one of two budgerigars, which occupied the cage, explained the mystery, as his beak and feathers were covered with blood. He must have caught hold of the victim with his talons, nnd then, fixing his beak in the back of the lieHd, have dragged off the scalp of the bird in the manner described. Mr. Smith had always supposed tho budgerigars to be harmless birds, and had kept one with his canaries for some time, but the culprit in this ease was a comparatively new acquisition and rather wild. The reduction in the rate of interest allowed by the banks on fixed deposits has cnuscd investors to look around them for other ways of turning their money to advantage. It is to be hoped they will shortly find employment for it in developing the undoubted resources of the colony. At present the straits that money-lenders are put to are quite distressing. The other day. says the Hat hurst Times, two gentlemen — trustees under a will — had £10,000, which they wished to place at interest in a certain bank. The banker was so far from being anxious to receive it, thnt he would only Lake half of the sum, and his customers had to seek another financial institution liefure they could divest them selves of the whole of their burden. We under stand that the mnnagcrs of the various savings banks throughout the colony have been instructed that it is probable mnny people will seek to obtain interest for larger amounts than are entitled to it by the regulations, by opening accounts under fic titious names, or as trust funds, and cautioning them to ascertain the bona fides of ench depositor. Large sums have already been withdrawn from various banking institutions and deposited in the Savings Bank, where the interest is still at the rate of five per cent. We are also informed, upon good authority, that large sums of money nro available for borrowers who can offer good freehold security, at as low as five per cent, interest, for a term of years. A story is told by the Geelang Advertiser of a certain young lady who is supposed to he an expert diver at the eastern bnths. A small button was thrown into the deep water the other morning, and the fair one dived for the object and success fully brought it to the surface. Desirous of further exhibiting her skill, and wishing to recover some thing more costly, the young lady threw into the water a valuable gold ring studded with diamonds. The article of jewellery rapidly Rank, and appeared to Bink into the sand at the bottom of tile baths, as all search for the ring proved unsuccessful, and the fair one hail to leave the water Iienumbed with cold and minus the ring. What may happen to a man on this sublunary globe is thus described by the Jlallarat .Star. At no great distance from Ballarat, a husband some months ago was charged with wife-beating, and bound over in certain sureties to keep the peace. Not being able to find the sureties, he spent about five months in gaol, when he was liberated. On emerging from custody lie was met by iiis wife, who lovingly condoled with him on his misfortune, and the two agreed to live on the most amicable terms for the future. A day or two afterwards the wife suggested that the house owned by the husband should be sold off. in order thnt they might depnrt for a pasturage where the degradation of imprisonment which the hus band bad undergone would be unknown. The proposal was neted upon, and the house sold. That night tho husband Rnd wife took up their abode in nn hotel ia the township, intending to leave for Melbourne tho following morning. Bacchus was lively in the hotel that night, and, not to put too fine a point on it, the husband was carried to lied drunk. On the following moming, when he awoke, he looked round for his wife, but no wife was there. A quick examination of his clothes brought to light the fact that nearly all his money — about £220 — was gone ; and further in quiry made known the circumstance that the wife had Oeil during the night with a young spark with whom she had been intimate during the time the husband was in gaol, nnd taken the money with her. The husband is now on the wallaby trnck to a goldfield in a neighbouring colony, very much disgusted with human nature in general, and with his wife in particular. 