CHRISTMAS AT PARRAMATTA. BY A GOULBURNITE. Lsrr Goulborn by the 11.30 n.m. train Friday, the 2-th instant. Oranges, four for 6d., woro all sold oit-u-thu supply quite inadesquate to the demand as tho unusually long train started for Sydney. The tickht to Parramatta, second class, return, was about '2/9. A good proportion of young offsprings were seen in our closely-packed carriages, whose presrence would have been more clharming had the weather been cooler than at Christmas-tiume. At Mittagong coffee and one sandwich were tanlu at standing-up rsfresliment counter for 1/. Sitting down at the contre table tie same accommnodation with more or less supplies would :have been 3l/l ! Economists should take their refreshlments with tlwem in passing Mlittagong. A fIrther reform Ihere may be yet in troduced ill viands, te. About Campbelltotn the subject of conversation was the spot ascribed to Fisher's ghost. Our nar altor appea:red grounded in thie belisi of apparitions. Hie said that the alleged murderer in this case was tried nnder the late Judge Tlecrry, and executed; and all that Plrofessor Pepper of the Ioyal l'olytcclmic, Regent- street, Lundon, had reviewed of Fisher's ghout in his recent lectures and illustration at our Sy.dney school of arts, was strictly reliable. .I should have referred to the further displeasures of Mittagoun, viz., while at lichi tile can'iaoeseats, vacated for only a few minutes, were filled by othelr passengers, and only by using threats ol physical conmbativeness wouid tte usurpers clear out. One lady appealed to the guard, and got partial satisfac tion. At a later period, prior to roeaching the Par- ramatta Junction, standing-up accommodation had to be accepted, or the travellers would have been leift behind. Tie former ihad thel preferential consider. ation. After this lhot journey, a wash, and refreshments, we took a walk and inspection of the Parramatta shops for Christmasoeve. Cheap Jack near the bridge in addressing his constituents on the high qualities and low prices of his wares, admitted that his then Christmas trade was worse than that of an ordinary Saturday. Somne of the shopslooked healithy-Henderson's the grocers, Stephenson's boot-shop, Hughes the draper, Bensou's tailoring establishment, and some others; but generally I should say that Goulburn on tihe whole would show much larger returns for Christmas-ove. Fuller's, theChristmascard.shop, had the crowd. I saw a good lshow of parsons, assorted creeds, and no policemen. This muost express high morality if policemen are not much required, I thought. 12.-15 p.m. Christmas Day.-Just returned from Christmas morning service. Text, 9th Isaiah Gth v. -Aud His name shall be called Wonderful ! The preacher, very popular in l'arramatta, sustained wnell his speaking reputation to-day. Phrenologists and face-readers in looking at oulr speaker wonld think of the forehead aid general conutennuce of Shakespeare, Elihu Isurritt the great American lin guist, and Thos. 3inuey tihe great dissntingpreaeclher, lecturer, and writer of Weighl-luouso Clhapel, near tile Monument, London, and who visited tie Anstralian colonies some twenty years back. Our preacher (the Roe. GCeorge Martin) lhas great natural powers, large ideas, and in their expression moves hIis whole physical frame and takes absolute control over hIis hearers. His numerous and intelligent audience must have felt gratified and benefited by his ap propriate reflection on our blessed Saviouas nativity. I think I smeoll roast turkey, and now must retire nearer to thie dining apartment and hear the conver sation ot the approaching dinner company. Sunday, 2l6th December, 9.15 a.m.--1ad a good night's rest, bath, and breakfast without any cost no small boon to a man of limited lucre. Last night we attended St. John's Church. Rov. Mr. Taylor, nephew of tihe late member for Parramatta, read prayers and scripture, succeeded by Slov. Canon Gunthor preaching from Romans ssix. 17 ver.-For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness aind peace and joy in tho Hioly Ghost. A well- written discourse well read hero followed. The singing was specially got up for Christmas day. The plants, evergreens, aud flowers beautifying the church must have cost thie hladies of the congrega. tion considerable solicitude. They were very chaste and pleasing. Saw tile now Cumberland Mercury officcs in conrse of erection. The proprietor (Mr. Fuller) appears to have mrare business qualities andi to be amongst the sluccessful men of modern times. There was great rejoicing at some of the Prra!unatta hospitals yesternlSay after dinner; you could hear the hurshos all over the place. The inmates could not be subject to con gcstion of the loags. Tho young members of our party now had a drive round the park while their elders reviewed present position and future prospect of meu and things. Tihe betweens and "tIcns' went into Sydney for the sacred musio at the opera, eonductel by lBearnhardt and other high class songsters, much to their enjoyment, and sub sequently fully reported in the Sydney press. Monday, Boxing.Day, December 27, 9.15 a.m. Had a good breakfast of porridge and cold tongue. Yesterday was intnlsely hot. In walking about oeven in the most lazy attitude perspiration would drop from your face to your hoots. One public divineo service for Suuday with the two of Christmas Day constituted a supply equal to the demand so much modified by thie rexceptioual heat. The writer had the honor of being iunvited to a seat in Mr. Byrnes' pew. Mr. lyrnes was minister 6f Works, as Goulburn aldermen will remember, when the southern railway was opened to Marulan, and the then umayor'l(sinc an M.P. for Argyle) and aldermen were not tho recipionts of ultra politeness at tile formal luhel; An "oversight" was the justi fication sut forth, thI respousibility of which no one would alknowledgo I believe. A platoe and seat woro provided for thei mayor, but I think not used. The present member for larramattla is'the son of the said late ex-minister for works. Tuesday, 2Sth December, 10.13 a.m.-Had a good bath and breakfast. Ou Boxing- Doy we had a picuie in the Parramatta Park. Young men and maidens, old men vrrd children, in the aggre. gate of somec thirty, constituted our friends, neoighlbours, and acquaointanucs present, while a couplo of sets of croquet and rounders found most of us innocentt amusement. There were groves adjacent suitable for lovers considering propositions nod amerndments, at least for the first renlding. which some o[ oar innocents resorted unto. In thle seutiuentos of Dr. Watts se sufferet no mrdenr?es or indcenut speech the apartments of tile tcnder yeaoh to reach. A substantial lunebh, filtered water and other pure drinks, made up our chief repast. A most enjoyable day thus was spent. It appears that in Parrammatta, with a population nabout as nuiuerous as Golburun, twelve aldermen form the council. I thought if our Goulburn rates could not bh collected properly by the wisdlom of nine lire civic counsellors that the additional wisdom of twelve may do it, and also mature the projected loan of £20,000. Why should Goulburn, increasing in population, remain at the lowest nuomber of nine while the alditional three would be no formidable expense and a gain of twenty-fi-e per cent. ad. ditional souse? The Parramatta new tolwn hall is very modest in appearance, anrd tlioe ncew post and telegraph oticie of far less pretensions than ours in Goulburn. The climate is very good for weak lungs here. I leave* others to refer to is Prarramatta 7.)0 t,..--Hiearl of Mrs. 3tanton's death, widow of the late principalof tilhe Newington College. Heard also of tile death of the Goulburn town clerk'd ran a youth of high merit. Went to lunch t-day at theCotTfoePalace, Sydney. MIy order was taker; wasited about ten minutes, and took up my h.,t and w'lked out, leaving a verbal notice will tire ltdy miueyv-taker at the cutrie-dor, "you arie ralthier busy upstairs; I Ihave t:iken ;nothini," and aidse mry wsay to Punch's palace, esraer of Iirlg and Pitt.street. Here I had a coralrtable I- Ihrlch, and my order was promptly execut2d, nucih cullllncirng i?s valueo to me. Saw sever:1! Gouilbulrn :ntlemsen to-day having " trips" and "times" for a little change. ta lncsda:yr 20th Dec., 9.30 a.m.--Vatr alleged to be scarce; had no bath ; but there is to be a special prayer for rain. Thie early-closing move meant in Panamaltta is dissimilar to that of Gonl burn. Last night the chops wore closing from 8.15 p.m. to 10 p.m-any time or no time. To tho in convwnienco of customers on Wednesday afternoon they close. But the public have to remember that in any week including a boxing-day, new-year's day, or any public holiday, their customers can purchase on Wednesday afternoons when there is no half holiday. I goess that the business returns in Goulburn, where closing at six p.m. is observe'cd, are equal to or more than those of Parramatta with t1he extended night trade. 5.30 p.m., Wednesday, 29th December.--Tnck to prosperous Goulbtrn safe and sound. The train was not unpleasantly crammed with pnssengeros. At Mittagong I did not take coffee and sandwich as on Friday last, price one lshilling, but procured a culp of tea for a young friend for half-a-shiliug as Chiniquy would say. I refer again to these un natural charges because at the Parramatta refresh nment-room a printed scalo of charges is hung out for all passengers to see, and there the price is gd. for what is charged 1/- at Mittagongl The railway authorities, supreme or subordinate, should amend this hind of inconsistency and unfairness. I saw more houses in I'Parramantta withl "to let" in the windows tlhan I see in Goulburn. Good-by, Parramatta, till we embrace again. 