TH£ PUBLIC EDUCATION QUESTION. TO THE EDrTOB. Sir— During my recent visit to Adelaide to witness the opening of the Exhibition I chanced to hsve a gratuitous ride in a spring-cart from Unlev to the city. I was no sooner seated than a conversation ensued upon the (abject of Bible reading in the public schools. The gentleman to wboee courtesy I w&s; indebted for & lift re mar ktd at the outset that It was a great Iniquity of the Government to keep the Bible out of the schools. He then asked me if I did not think it wicked for the Government thus to act. I replied that since my return from England in March, 1679, 1 bad been located aboat a hun dred miles np the country, so that I had not heard of it. And I enquired of my friend for tbe date and ihe circumstances of the alleged interfertnee. ' Oh,' he quickly answered, ' it i» so, and it is the work of the Government.' ' Indetd,' radd I, ' but tell me when 'i Do en lighten rce, if you can.' Of course he knew nothing in particular about it, and he then asked tne if I had not seen the correspondence in the papers, and tbe reports of conference* of clerical gentlemen and others, to all of which enquiries I answered ' Yes.' It was now my tnrrj, and so I aaked of my friend if he had ever read the Education Act, and the regulations under which the whole system of public educa tion in this colony waa administered, to which query he frankly said he bad not. So much for him ! Now, Mr. Editor, this very obliging man is a sample of scores of others equally good-natured and ill- informed upon this matter of Bible re&ding; in the public schools. For any man or set of men to isstrt or to assume that in this Christian colony the Parliament has by distinct enactment put the Bible out of the schools, is to betray a wilful ignorance of tbe law, if not a blind perversion of the facts of the case. The matter stands thus, deny it who may: — 1. The Parliament, not the Government, distinctly provided in their Education Act that, at the request of ten parents having children in any given school, the Scriptures in the autho rized version, or the Douay, should be read by the responsible teacher for fifteen minutes. 2\. Tbe regulations, which have the force of law, provide that half an hour may be thus employed under the above condition of pirentil request. 3\. No Board of Advice of any one school, as far as I have known or beard, has dired to put any impediment in the W&7 of this provision being carried out. 4. No responsible teacher, bead master, or mistresa, has, I feel assured, denied to the psxenta of attending children the right given by Act of Parliament to have the Scrip tures read in the school. S. And from what I knew of the character of the present Minister of Education, Mr. P&rsons;, such &n; interference would not — yea, cannot— be perpetrated in any of our public schools. Sir, I cannot but think that the excellent men who are just now agitating for an alteration in oar education laws are unmistakably aghtiDg a ghost. Bat if they think differently, then, us intelligent educationist*, let them give good reasons for their present action, bued npon facts incontrovertible and patent. I do not wish, Mr. Editor, to occupy too much of your ppace ; still, if you will permit ne, I will brietly state my views in opposition to any alteration in our present educational laws. 1 . This colony from its foundation has never accepted in any form the principle of State aid to religion. If, therefore, the Parliament of 1874 or 1S75 enacted in its Amended Education Act tbat the State should pay for Bible-reading — that is, as I take it, religious instruction in its highest and purest form — it woald have been in dire:t contravention of one of the essential principles upon which tbe Constitution of the colony is based. And, Sir, who can divine when once the integrity of cur famous Constitution is invaded to what lengths other solicitations might not be pushed ? I do not wish to say it offensively, but knowing what human nature has been capable of doing, especially under ecclesiastical pressure, I would even fear that possibly nnder the glamour of a pretty good scramble some religious bodies or Churches might fall into a very great temptation. Let us save them from the snare. 2\. A legislative provision for securing the benefits cf a syatem of general education for the children of tbe poorer classes of the community ihonld be free from all those elements which would produce amongst the pupils the sense of an irjjiutice and irritation of feeling. Hence there should be no obstacle in the way of tha children of parents of all kinds of religious beliefs quietly mingling with each other in all school exercises from the first to the last hour of the daily attendances. But if oar Education Act made it imperative that a certain proportion of tbe children should read the authorized version, and another say the Donsy Bible, it most be seen at once that at the very threshold of the Bchool house door, debate, irritation, and ill-feeling would ensue. But the possibility of this state of things has been wisely prevented by the Par liament throwing upon the pirents themselves the responsibility of pntting into motion the machinery for securing Bible-reading for their children if they chocxe so to dx 3. I beg, as an old educationist', to express the hope tbat the gentlemen who are agiuting for certain changes in oar liberal code of initrac tion will be so good as to letve well alone. What is reqnired, Mr. Editor, is a more widespread administration of the Act, not, however, in the city and other large centres of population, but in the sparsely populated dis tricts of the colony. I am tare that Bchools under good management will be highly prized in all such localities, and that the attendances that might be secured would convincingly show the value which ia attached by those most con cerned to the free, uusectarian, and jiui system of good, sound, and liberal educational work as established in South Australia. I am, Sir, &c;, JAMES BICKFOSD. Kcoricgs, Aagast 29. 