NEWS AND NOTES.' "Brief, then) nnd wliat'i ilie news!"-King John. Woathcr warm. Rain wanted badly. Football sports this afternoon at Garoorigmg. Fitst race at 2 sharp, Tho Russian poasinnti are persuaded that tho end of the world is to ooiuo upon tho 11th of Novomber next. A loading oitizen says he would not givo tho Ministors any dinner unlesa the; brought tho clock up with them. ? _ . Numbers of persons were to he seen on the totver ol the new public buildings yesterday/ Th« day was beautifully fine, and a magnificont view of tho city aud surrounding scenery was obtained. . Soutli's opera company have engaged thci Mechanics'.Insti'uto fur the 8th and lOlh Instant. The storekeupirs close thoir establishments on Monday noxt from 12 o'olo.'k. Tho Darling River for hundrods of milos on either side of Bourka has seldom; been lower than at present. A very clover girl played the ghost on board the immigrant ship Niueruh, The result was that a young.girl became iniinno through fright, and had to be yent to Gladesvillo. Constable Mclntyre, who escaped from the Kelly gang, ho's b'-en in bad health since. £37,000 Ina boon placed on the oitimates for a courthouse and bridge at Goulburu. The'bill for joining the two IjmbB of the law into one body "us lost in the Victorian AsBombly by 29 to 27. Close enough to set the wigs a-shaking. Mr. Cop«laiid, the member for Now England, is trying to bring himself into notoriety. . . Au effort ia to be made to start a race club in Goulbutn. . . The sum of £33 has been sent down from Bom bait for the Jewitth Relief Kund. 'Rumour says that a bniduilmd squatter has ihot a-blaclc gin, and ban been arrested by the Queens land police. ? Cleveland, Amerioa, must bo a paradise of honest people-trees, shrubs, Qj»ois, lawns, fruit and kitqben gardens, aud no fencos.'or gates.. Balance ol' profit on Sydney Coffoo Palaces for the past year, £1121. No dividend. , The comparison of the Upper ,Houae|with tho English Chamber of Peers is, to Mr. Garten's eonsa of propriety, insulting to the elder liouoo. Mr. Da sails says ringDaimng will inorease tbe value of land four, five, or eyen ten times. Colonel Roberts considers a factory for tho mnnu fattnre of small fiic-armt and ammunition should be established, Tea condemned in Melbourne has been getting into Adelaide, ' . : Tapioca s likely to become a successful product of the .Clarence Kiver district. MrM. 0; Law, land and selectors' agent at Yass nnd Qnnning, is nbqut to loave for Sydney, Mr.' N. T. Collins succeeds Mr, Law at Gunning. There were no selections taken up at tho Yass land olfite on Thursday. ,Th» Yass ciicketers intern?, if they oan complete their oval in lime, lo have tho English srlcketersat their "pretty town. Oolottel Roberts's estimate of tho cost of a to llable dufence forco,'£66,2*0. , Mr. Percy 0. llodgkimon, well-known through out the Queanbeyan district, has definitely mideup his. mind to soitle in Goulbiirn and assume the duties of land and selectors' a'gent. Mr, Hadgkjn sun is well up in the land Taws, and there is no doubt but that ho will be successful iu his new rsphere of.labours, : At tho Ya«* polloo court, on Thursday, James Morgan was discharged for drunkenness, it being his first oflunce,. . ,Th"e Hop, AY* McOnllook'sold a' highly-bred yonng : bill l,v. Lord >? H illhui stf/ toM r;; \Val tai^DouglA't $ of Jrivoralachy, al^vor/ high figured, '? i " j 