. OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. i jFBOM,OUH;0-WN : 0021SESP0NBEKT.], : Jt?s only tfair .to..suppose .that P^rUarment will close on Thursday next. • That there-p. a j-secjtion of .the House wluch firmly, .believes, the Muusiay .will .be tguiltry of. the . most extraordinary-enormities during the recess ^cannot,be .doubted,, but, the majority ;ire sick.of Parliament sitting for ever, and cannot see Tiow .they; are to. prevent that recess.-: Therefore the cliances are that this, week will see.the rend, of. the ifot that. the. ,Ho.use. is without suspicion of .the Ministry; • That suspicion permeates all parties, .but. the hopelessly. divided state, of., the. Assembly, does . not; afford . any. prospectbetter, tli^s.!r,;Kprsis at all nnprohable iliat several leaders hope that the Ministry, will'-be guilty of enormities -during, .the:, recess, because ..that would, make-.-triumph certain - when the. House meets again. But I think that the Government will be forced, .name, an early.day;of meeting,,probably, -in March, or April. Tlie mistrust that exists is- too. great to allow of their having a long i The great question;m politics now is the Catholic vote, and it promises to entirely sweep out; the ordinary .political topics. The overwhelming majority for Mr. Stan-, bridge has created quite a panic m politics,' and .lias given great courage to Mr Patterson'and Siose who bebeve with Jimi, that it is .possible to bring, about a coalition of, steculansts on sonie common ground .wluch vrill utterly nullify the Cathohc vote. The' groiind upon which these gentlemen proceed &that;,at ;iaU'. ha^ds. the' patronage^ of the colony should be taken out of the' hands of the present Ministry, and they argue that-to do so, it is oiily necessaiy to. combine the moderate men on both sides, takmg Mr Stanbndge's election as the indication. : There - are dilhculties m the way, however, for there Is a dislike to rehgious warfare; But, at the same time, there are many things in favour of such a icombmation, and the greatest of these is, beyond a doubt, the selfishness of our common. nature. No party - in . the State,, large or small, likes to be longp .kept out" of' the; good, things, or to see them monophsed. Tins was in reahty the destruction of Mr Berry and his party- Mr ^^ei-ry gave, the patronage of the State only to one partv. Wlnle it remained jdonnnant, lie was kept m power. But of course the one-half of the people who were left out:in,the cold became .fiercely indignant, andashecouldnotgiveallthepubhc money and . billets wlucli; Ins own half wanted,- lie lost .a half of them.. Then' came his. end. . It. must ever be thus m a, State like ours, where the Government of the .day possess so much power, and patronage. Abstract politics, free trade,, protection,, and the like, vanish when the innate selfishness of mankind takes the. held. , And'it. is this selfishness which.is, now arraying its forces against the Ministry. .. Since Sir Bryan O'Loghlen came into power, he has distributed 75 per cent •of patronage among 20 per cent .of the population, and. as this, became, evident, r the rageof those who are kept out in the, cold-commenced, and it portends him no good. If the -Ministry-. were to hark back and to resist the importunities of a section of the community,ijtliey .would be much safer.- ,-. The -iessongto rbe deamedTM;;:that'i what are calle'd agitations, iwliether against 'the Education Act, or ui'favor of anytlung, are m reality mere deceptions. A party will roar atad-agitate to, get..an. amenable leader/into power, and\then will commence the divisionsof tlie spoil.- AH that is looked to-is to gel the maximum power Tyith. the minimum of the measures-which were agitated for—that perfectly satisfies.^ I may - be talking too • pessimist a view,? but T do not think I am veiy far from .the.! mark At tlie same time;it .niust be noted that, the, disintegration ,on the Oppoaition side is complete. The leading men are withdrawn in order-to prepare for the com-' bmations- of the future,; and tliey do not, lii any way i countenance, though sof course iiiey do not discourage, the.elforts of the pumersmembers to embarrass the Ministry."' In this, Mr Berry only follows Mr ; Service, who .acted much -the same way towards. those -gentlemen who, harassed Mr, .Betty .a-1879:It is so pleasant for. tlie leader, oftthe Opposition to be able -to say'toi the : Premier m regard . to: the stonewallmg-that goes on, like -Macbeth' to Banquo's Ghost, "It was not X-tliat did it.^' I T All . this -little E byeplay - is -now thorouglily understood. ,; ,Should the -Ministry jsuecee3."in getting a prorogation on Tlwrsday there will be a general breakup in all du-ections, and the, provincial campaign will • not be undertaken until February or just before the House-meets ..agam,iiwhen .members'Will: blaze like comets®veiywhere: "ilt-is-not at all likely that the Ministry will get a long recess. -as they .have actually done notlimg* this.session; aUunportantquestionsihavmg: been shelved. Three months is about the mosttliatwiil-begrantedy antll'question if that will he accorded , , , I don't suppose it is much use m givmj the . .rumours ; tliat ;. are Aeing. circulated about wliat : the 'Ministry -nnll do durm|, the ,recesSjsthey.,avaso-conteadictory^andi: to a great extent,r, so fabulous. However,itis,safe to.say.they.willbe ofavery sweeping characterj particularly if th^y.ar.e appreliensive of Ibemg tliruk out Whto the House meets,: or beihg forced to a general election..;.! electioivj. .mnsti;b%; ;^mnuient;« - Without such ,a thuijSerstoritfi the* -political atmosphere cannotbe cleaied -Some reference jias ,been -made, in the: press'to the newclub that has "been startefl in Victory Parade Tliere is a .growing; disposition m -(Melbourpe io iform clubs, so as to have the privileges of : an hotel mtU fe^feoM.- 31^ There tare now o\ei iELve clubs in Jthe city. The. latest addition, tot which -a-efeience lias is aunqW iniltslcliaracl»f. hou3 ^ ^ ^ and',' the GdiS • private tiresid grounds wliiclfaie t) is nothmgrabout the.place-.to i remind; one; of an hotel, .and.fhe,main feature js .that mostiofi the pleasure is .taken •urthe- iopen: airjiiruxder, fiae' old;-treea.v:,Altogether,! itlnss dub;;isiia novelty, a^d is, a mo veto wards rational amusement .suited-, to thechmate.iiriGoncerts are- occasionally held,; and. music is -cultivated, - there, -being, a- ispecial room for that , purpose. . . Our hotels „, and .houses; are, so.;,inadequately 1 pro vided,with gardens;; and-;grounas, that. our, young i,people arevforced into the streets to ,their;moral ,degradation, . and it' as tlierefore;a;goodr..jSign to .seeiavchangei probable.,,,'In;,tins climate the. umversal desu-e is to spend, most of the time, -m .the - open air, and the .opportunity should.,be • aff'Tded to all. 