THE REV. JOHN McNEIL IN MELBOURNE. The Rev. John McNeil, B.A., arrived from New South Wales on Wednesday of last week, and began work in Carlton. On Thursday and Friday evenings he addressed prayer-meetings held in St. Andrew's, to supplicate the Divine blessing upon the evangelistic services arranged for this week. Those who were at these meetings cannot forget the peculiar nearness with which God's truth was brought home, as he urged the need of being endued with the power of the Holy Ghost in order to be soul-winners. On Sabbath morning he preached to a large congregation, taking his^text from 1 Kings vi. 7. The Spirit's power accompanied the word spoken, as he showed that God is now building up the heavenly temple from " stones " hewn out of the "face of the rock," and that all the buffetings and trials experienced by Christians are but the dressing of these stones for their place in the heavenly temple. His allusions to "rejected stones" were well fitted to pierce the hearts of professing Christians who make no progress. In the afternoon he addressed the Sunday- school scholars, on the words, " And the blood shall be to you for a token," Exod. xii. 13, and succeeded remarkably in arresting the attention of the children, and eliciting replies to the questions asked, although most of the usual services of the school had already been gone through, and the children were consequently somewhat unprepared to listen with attention. Mr. McNeil's manner is peculiarly attractive to the young so that many of the scholars of St. Andrew's conic I not fail to go away pondering whether or not "the blood of Jesus" had been by faith so applied to their owii souls,' as" to' serve for a "token of entrance" "into the heavenly. Canaan. In the evening the attendance was again large, and Mr. McNeil took the .latter portion of Eph. i. 13 for his text. As the "seal of the Spirit" was spoken of, it was felt to be a solemn time, and the originality and force of the preacher's manner rendered what was said doubly impressive. We hope that great blessing may attend Mr. McNeil's work, not only in Carlton, but also wherever in Melbourne and elsewhere he may be called to labor. - 