CITY IMPROVEMENTS. A number of new buildings have been completed since our last summary, and several others are rapidly approaching completion, whilst others are being projected. Commencing at the top of Queen-street, the principal street of the city, the handsome range of buildings that have been erected by Mr. W. J. Page first attract attention. The corner of Queen and George streets has been nicely rounded off, and the light and elegant design of the iron fretwork ornamented verandah adds considerably to the handsome appearance of the whole building. Mr. Page's chemist's shop is at the corner, and has been oooupied for some days, and six other shops adjoining will be ready for occupation very soon. The upper floor of the building has been designed for offices, and as the position is a very central one for bar- risters, attorneys, and other professional men, they are likely to be permanently occupied very shortly. Two sets of the principal offices are already occupied—one by Mr. Stanley, architect (late Colonial Architect), and one by Messrs. Ed- wards and Marsland, solicitors. The whole ap- pearance of the building, now that it is completed externally, is imposing, and forms a remarkable contrast to the dingy structures that formerly occupied the site. Descending Queen-street, several new buildings are to be seen in process of erection, and the offices of Messrs. Little, Browne, and Ruthning are rapidly approaching com- pletion. The whole of the buildings now being erected are of a superior class, and will add very considerably to the architectural beauty of the city. The auction mart of Mr. D. Love, erected by Mr. Gailey, has been occupied for a few weeks, and the first floor offices have been rented by Miss Scott as a milli- ner's establishment. Below this building Messrs. Edwards and Chapman, who purchased three of the adjoining Government lots at the late sale at a cost of about £8000, are about to erect a large drapery warehouse, the design of which has been prepared by Mr. Stanley. The width of the proposed premises will be 48ft. and the depth 138 ft. The style of architecture is to be Florentine, and the height 36ft. There will be two stories to the building, and the front elevation, as shown in the design, will be very handsome. Below this proposed new shop another firm of drapers, Messrs. Grimes and Petty, have called for tenders for the erection of a fine block of buildings at the corner of Queen and Albert streets. When the present anti- quated and dilapidated wooden tenements are removed and replaced by large brick and stone buildings the principal street of this city will have been freed from one of the most hideous of the original "humpies" that were once thought good enough for the capital of the colony. Continuing on the same side of the street there is nothing further to notice, excepting that steady progress is being made with the building of the new National Bank. On crossing the street the visitor will find that a new place of entertainment has been opened, called the Minories Hall, the property of Mr. H. Morwitch. There is a capital entrance leading to a room on the first floor, capable of seating some 500 persons, and the first tenant of the new hall has been Professor Pepper, who, after a short tour on the Downs, has returned to Brisbane, and is again instructing and amusing the public with dioramic pictures and interest- ing scientific lectures. "Pepper's Ghost" also appeared for the first time in Queensland at the new hall, and quite astonished the native youth. A little higher up are the new buildings of the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited, which have just been completed and occupied. The Courier and Queenslander have been printed and published in the new premises for the past few days, and, although the removal of a newspaper business in full operation involves very arduous labour, the difficulty has been surmounted in this case, and the advantage of the change is already apparent. The site of the buildings is one of the busiest parts of Queen-street, and the space occupied by them comprises a frontage of 33ft. to that street, by a depth of 148 ft. The building is two stories high, with a fine cellar in the base- ment, and more spacious and commodious news- paper offices are not to be found in Australia, while the facilities they afford both to the public and the staff should have an important in- fluence on the future of the company's journals. It may also be mentioned that the Hon. C. H. Buzacott, the manager of the company for the past eight months, has shown his confidence in the business by purchasing one- third interest in the property of the company. Turning into Adelaide-street, the new Albert Music Hall at once attracts attention. This new hall has been previously described in our columns, and from present appearances it seems likely, when opened, which it will probably be during the present month, to become a very pleasant and convenient place of entertainment. Opposite the new hall, an hotel, "one of the olden time," has been completely transformed, and Tattersall's now looks, and is, both a commodious and comfortable establishment. The new hotel is two stories high, substantially built of brick ; and the exterior of the building is much improved by a balcony being erected over the verandah. Both balcony and verandah are embellished with handsome fretwork railings of cast iron. The Queen's Hotel has also been much improved by the addition of a large verandah, of semi-circular shape, with iron scroll fretwork ornamentation. In South Brisbane four two-story brick shops, belonging to Mr. Forsyth, are nearly completed, and much im- prove the appearance of Stanley-street. The City wharf at Petrie's Bight, formerly known as the Commercial wharf, is being pushed on as quickly as possible. It will complete the extension of what were formerly known as the Government wharves, now the property of the Corporation, and thus the wharfage accommoda- tion in the city will be largely increased. The retaining wall for that part of Queen-street which overlooks these wharves is also approach- ing completion. It is a thoroughly substantial stone structure, and certainly appears likely to prevent any of the landslips that formerly oc- curred at that point. Several of the streets of the city have been permanently improved and macadamised, and there is provision made by the Corporation for the erection of a new market at an early date. 