Wanderings of a Cosmopolitan in Western Africa.* ii. It goes without saying that no traveller could explore the wilds and wastes of an African territory * without accumulating a presentable stock of hunting ^ adventures. Mr. Mitchinson was not indeed primarily a sportsman; he was a student of men and their maimers more than anything else ; but lions, buffalos, hyenas, crocodiles, elephants, and leopards continu ally crossed his path, and had to be killed ; and the natives who formed his guides and guard belonged to a race of hunters. The African's hand is raised against every beast of the forest and rivers. Consequently we get a due share of exciting narratives in the volume under review. As a sample, we take the following at random : — ' ' In a well-shaded place an unexpected buffalo showed his. ^ head for an instant only between the bushes. The animal ? '??S having a keen scent and an ugly habit, when observed, of ' hiding in ambush, then suddenly charging in the rear, made I ike party very cautious. In this manner the brother of H-» . hunter, a year previously, while hunting', was tossed In 3 air by one ot these animals and trampled to death. Tha V Mandingo, remembering the death of his brother, was most -? /a unwilling to go through the thicket, until the beast waa ^ either discovered again or killed. He was a good performM. . Jjjj * The Expiring Continent : A Narrative of Travel In Sea&, -^%ffls gambia, with Observations on Native Character, the Present Conditions and Prospects of Africa and Colonisation. With and 16 illustrations. By Alex. Will. Uitchinson. L«oi;4o^v i«t^u ?on a native Ante, and proposed to call out the animal with it, which was willingly acceded to. He placed himself ? v - under a tree and played a tune, while the party remained on the watch ; but as the buffalo did not show, the others insisted upon continuing the ronte. ' ' The buffalo is asleep,' said the hunter, 4 but my flute will call him out. I must kill him to revenge my brother's death.' ' With long-drawn-out monotonous tones he led the way lor full two hours, when suddenly, under a tree, the shining eyes of the buffalo reappeared. The beast's ears were pricked forward, evidently attracted by the music. Nothing indicated fury, and its tail hung motionless. ''Stop,' said the Mandingo ; 'don't laugh at my flute. The buffalo belongs to as.' ' The party concealed themselves again. The bewitcher commenced with soft, long-drawn notes, broken at intervals. The soft tones were succeeded by shrill and loud ones, followed hy trills and an imitative cry, resembling the whispering* of the wind among the leaves. The animal raised its head and sniffed round in every direction with anxious looks, then slowly approached the place whence the sounds proceeded. In a few minutes it had come within a distance of forty yards, and though manifesting greater anxiety as it detected the presence of men, showed no inclination either to attack or to retire. The Mandingo suddenly came out of the bush, giving a very loud and liarsh grating shout, at which the animal backed. Theman renewed his peculiar music, which influenced the animal to such an extent that it remained motionless until the flutist lodged an arrow in its shoulder. The enrage! buffalo, foaming at the mouth, with bloodshot eyes, and tail erect, furiously pawed the ground. The Mandingo had just time enough to hide himself behind the tree in front of which he had been standing, before the thick-skulled buffalo, in blind fury, charged the trunk. The shock only stunned the brute. This gave the Mandingo an oppor tunity to discharge a second arrow into its side near the heart. He immediately followed up the attack with a fresh tone. ' The buffalo looked distressfully in all directions as if seeking for rest, and appeared wondrously puzzled whether to attribute his headache and the smarting of his wounds, from which the blood streamed, either to the tree or to the magic flute. Not observing the sorcerer who had caused the mischief, it backed a few paces, and then, with redoubled force and fury, again charged the tree. 'The Mandingo, who at first appeared the greatest coward Of the party, now proved himself to be a thoroughly bold and courageous hunter — a ' master of arts ' in killing buffaloes. ' This second charge against the tree still more stupified the animal. Before it had recovered its senses, a well aimed arrow from the steady hand of the hunter lodged deeply in the neck and severed the jugular vein, from which the blood spurted like a fountain. The beast's end was fast approaching. It swayed violently from side to 6ide, thereby increasing the irritation of the wounds. After several furious shakes of the head, it gyrated round and round on the same spot, first quickly, then slowly. The hunter now rushed at me animal and passed his sharp cutlass through Its heart. A short stream of blood issued from the mouth of the buffalo, which moved a few paces, when a heavy stream of blood followed, and a moment later the beast lay prostrate on the ground. ' With a look of just pride, the Mandingo, showing his flute, exclaimed, 'Now see what my flute can do!' In reality, the skill and courage he had displayed was worthy of the most celebrated matadore of Spain.' We said in our last issue that Mr. Mitchinson's philosophy is much more questionable than are his facts. This is illustrated by his chapter on the relations of Mahometanism and Christianity to the African race, -wherein he takes more than twenty pages to say all that he can in behalf of the former and against the latter. ' There is much,' he says, ' to be admired in the formularies of the religion of Mahomet, its simplicity and suitableness to the conditions of healthy moral life in these regions. In the moral and intellectual perfection of which Mahometanism is susceptible, it compares favour ably with Christianity, both being derived from the same philosophic source, but the ceremonials and forms of the latter are little in sympathy ?with the idiosyncrasies of the native races of Africa.'' Our author, we have reason to suppose, considers himself to be born before his time, and that time is ' when a cultivated intellect will create the ?worship of reason alone ' — whatever that uncreated form ef worship may be ; and accordingly he mixes up all the past makeshifts of religion in the most grotesque way. ' Clergy and fetishes, churches, temples, images and idols in various forms, religious accessories including gris-gris or hedjabs, crescents, crosses, oils, cottons, candles, holy water, ghosts, spirits, devils, and saints powerfully influence humanity either for good or evil.' There can be little question that Mr. Mitchinson is, in regard to religious matters, infinitely wise in his own conceit. It is therefore entertaining in no small degree to read the sentences which, in his audacity and ignorance, he has thought fit to incorporate with the narrative of his journey. Take the following : ' As long as any professor claims the palm for his religion, so long will he be half savage ? Christianity was evolved step by step from Paganism.' Truly there is no dogmatism so audacious as the dogmatism of ignorance. It acknowledges no restraints whatever. But while we laugh at Mr. Mitchinson's illogical and absurd comparison between the systems founded by Jesus Christ and Mahomet, we do not overlook one or two acute criticisms on the methods of the Chris tian propaganda. For instance, he points out that Christians have often failed ' through want of know ledge of their own religion, or that which they wished to supplant, or even both. This deficiency of clear perception disabled the preachers from making the logical comparison for their own understanding, so necessary to be able to point out conclusively the errors of another religion, in such a way as to enable the proselyte to demonstrate any defect in the con verter himself, his doctrines, and the religion he tries to impart. The least doubt generated in the mind of the former with regard to the teaching of the latter soon leads to the discovery of a whole chain of mis takes, and the convert then returns, with a stronger conviction of its truth, to his former faith.' But our j author can be convicted of exactly the looseness of logic he so heartily condemns when manifested by Christian missionaries. We have said in effect that hej holds a brief for Mahometanism, but he contra dicts himself sadly in his account of the men who are the teachers of that faith. At first he pictures them in bright colours : — 'The social life of the Marabouts is regulated under the authority of the Great Marabout, who is invested with supreme spiritual and temporal power with regard to their conduct, and the political questions in which they engage. His judgment is implicit^ accepted and carried out Mara bouts never openly manifest their power over the people ; but b^ acting through the medium of others the exercise of their influence is almost all- powerful. They will often meet those for whom they have strong hatred, and against whom they have excited others, with the good greeting, ' Allah, la illah illalah,' condoling with them for the beating or the robbery suffered. By their outward ascetic lives, and their pious and kindly expressions, they frequently gain new friendships and win over former enemies. They invariably listen patiently to complaints, and often give advice with an air of tenderness and in gentle tones, which is always received with great attention and respect. Whatever inward principles may actuate the Marabout, or whatever his private or secret life may be, these are known only to himself ; but the outward appearance of sanctity and morality which he is obliged to maintain cannot fail to have the effect of, at least, causing the natives to observe outwardly a decent and moral decorum.' So again they are presented as haters of lies : — ' Near the mosque a crowd of people was listening atten iively to two Marabouts in the centre. In Oriental countries story-tellers replace newspapers, and where the latter are to be met with, only very few can read them. Human nature, however, is inquisitive in these regions ; coffee houses and streets are the places where intelligence of current events is to be gained, either from the lips of the eye-witnesses, or as it is passed from mouth to mouth. Erroneously, the Orient is generally considered a country of lies. It is only j ustice to say that the information imparted by these narrators is as a rule very exact, trustworthy, and reliable — especially so in market-places. Story-tellers are highly respected, their reputation for truthfulness being their pride and boast. The hatred of falsehood in a narrator is so strong, that once detected in untruth, he is never listened to again ; consequently, not only is his reputation gone, but his emolument in the shape of presents ceases.' But as we read on the Marabout deteriorates. Here we have a combination of fraud and. piety ; — ' In Maka, a short distance from the shore, a travelling Marabout, surrounded by a little group, was descanting upon the powers and virtues of the gris-gris he had for sale. In his right hand he held something wrapped in a little dirty rag. He warned the Would-be purchasers to consider well before buying this talisman, declaring its virtues to be of the most marvellous kind, against all diseases and enemies, and if it were buried with its owner it would ensure to him a happy future life. A bad wife or bad children would become good and dutiful. 'One poor man, probably not happy in his domestic relations, came out of the group and asked the Marabout for a sight of the wonderful gris-gris. 'Don't touch it don' t touch it, man,' was his response, 'It may lose its power. I must hang it with my own hands round your neck,' holding out his other hand at the same time for pay ment. Not a smile was visible on the faces of the by standers, who all preserved great gravity, and evidently regarded the object as entitled to every mark of respect. The poor believer stretched out his neck, and the Marabout hung the gris-gris round it. The happy buyer retired with evident satisfaction at having secured this potent charm. ?' Deplorable as the puerility of the superstitious belief of the natives may be, these gris-gris play an important part in promoting morality. By their sale from village to village the travelling Marabouts gain a scanty living, and when not so engaged they devote their time to teaching the young natives to chant passages from the Koran. Many Marabouts resident in villages or towns pass all their lives in instructing the young and instilling into them all the good principles of Mahometism. To these Marabouts must be attributed the existence of so many believers who may be described as really good Mahometans, living strictly sober, moral lives. Abstinence from all intoxicants is one of the principal tenets inculcated in the pages of the Koran, which Mahometans religiously adhere to. ' It is a pleasant and instructive scene to watch a grey, reverend-looking Marabout surrounded by boys, listening attentively to his teaching, or all joining in and chanting a repetition of the lessons he gives them from the Koran, or busily engaged under his supervision in practising their wn ting-lessons on boards. The discipline maintained by the Marabouts in their schools presents an example of order and attention not to be excelled in the schools of more civilised countries. Their schooling is not confined simply to reading, writing, and rude arithmetic ; but the boys go with the Marabout to his field, if he has one, and there he teaches them by word and example the native mode of cul tivation. As a remuneration for his teaching, after a boy's education is finished, the father buys for the Marabout a slave or pays him an equivalent sum.' Finally, to give only one example, we have the thorough-going scoundrel : — ' One slave loaded a camel so awkwardly that its back was chafed. He was discovered anointing the wound with butter, upon which the furious Marabout ordered a fire to be kindled, and the unhappy slave placed close to the scorching flames, which extorted cries of pain and a request to be killed. The wicked Marabout only mocked him with religious cant, until the suffering but powerful captive with a desperate effort freed his arms, sprang up, and seized the hand of his tormentor, who was helpless in the grasp of the slave now mad with rage and pain. He lifted his master clean up from the ground, and seemed about to dash out his brains against the earth, when he suddenly stopped, and placing him down unhurt, said, ' No ! I will not loll you. I would feel ashamed even to hurt such a poor wretch — you are not worth killing. Bather let me die.' He fell* to the earth exhausted by pain and passion, and the Marabout put an end to his sufferings.' Indeed, before we close the book we come to the conclusion that these holy men include some of the most detestable villains in Africa — fellows whom it would be difficult for Mr. Mitchinson or any other contemner of Christianity to match from amongst the missionaries 6ent to any non- Christian country. The factis, our author, his cosmopolitanism not withstanding, has^ his crazes. He would rather see the people of Africa Mahometan than Christian ; he would also rather see them slaves than free. This last is a rather startling assertion, and must be amply sustained by quotation : — ' 'Whether the Elave trade or slavery can ever be abolished entirely is a very doubtful question. Slavery in some form or other, be it for domestic purposes, trade or agriculture, is a necessity, without which Africa would sink to a lower state than it now occupies or has previously done. ' The natural indolence of any savage, or semi- savage, induces him, as far as possible, to avoid any exertion pro vided his hunger is satisfied. Land requires hands to make it productive, but natives will not work even for wages, therefore the African cultivator has no alternative but to employ enforced labour on the part of captured or purchased slaves. Both master and slave are thus provided with food, whereas, in the absence of such means, the natives very frequently have to face starvation, and to escape death many of tnem willingly submit to bondage. 'Many slaves in Africa lead happier lives than vast numbers of white men in civilised countries. Good African slaves are kindly treated, and never sold unless of bad character. Amongst Mahometans especially they are not only frequently liberated after seven gears' service; allowed freely to express their opinions, which, if reason able, are acted upon ; but often form part of their master's family, and even marry into it. Many of those who regain their 'libertv have no wish to leave their masters. Slaves are generally of the lowest class of the pagan people, for Mahometans are seldom subject to bondage or sold. This induces the pagan, in order to preserve liberty, to adopt Mahometism, if even only nominally. By putting too early an end to slavery, Europeans being unable to intro duce Christianity so readily as the Mahometans introduce Islam, the former will hinder the progress of Mahometism and deteriorate the social happiness of the pagans. ' Europeans, knowing their own requirements, and judg ing by the wants of civilised society, draw the conclusion that slavery is inimical to the progress of civilisation. They are but little acquainted with the life and wants of Africans. Before pronouncing a sweeping denunciation of slavery everywhere, sufficient allowance ought to be made for the views of intelligent natives, better able to form an opinion on this important subject, as regards the existing social and moral life of Africans. Slavery in Africa proves only the want of labour and the poverty of the soil in different localities. ' A simple question may be put to philanthropists in the words of the natives, ' Have white men nothing to do at home, and therefore they come here to interfere with us without knowing what they are about ? If they deprive us of slaves, will they come and work themselves m the culti vation and harvesting of our corn ? ' ' Agricultural machinery will not be readily adopted in Africa, at least during the present age, although the culti vation of land is difficult, and grain is required every day for food. Sorghum vulgare occupies much time and labour to separate the husra from the grain. The stamping upon and throwing up of the corn to winnow.it take a whole day's labour of a slavej who is only employed for this purpose, to prepare a sufficient quantity for a day's food to the family, and give a mouthful or two to the work man. The winnowing requires great attention, for if not thoroughly separated from the husks, the grain is veiy injurious to health. If slavery be abolished, it would lie impossible to get such work performed by free labour. As the benevolent preachers of liberty would be the first to refuse to do such work, would it not be better to leave well alone, to restrict their efforts in thai direction to preventing the export of slaveE, and devote their superabundant philanthropy to alleviating misery among white men in their own countries.' «?**?** y ' The key»note of the abolition of the slave trade having been struck in Europe by one man as a novelty, the subject was immediately taken up by many others, not from their own consideration, but because it w*as the fashion to cry out for its abolition, which soon developed into an extreme clamour for the suppression of slavery everywhere. It would be well for philanthropists with good intentions to visit Africa, and, by personal investigation, satisfy them selves that slavery is an unmitigated evil, before joining in the demand for its total abolition.' * * * * * * ' Philanthropists should put questions to their own con sciences, whether liberated natives could possibly be supplied with the same means of comfort and happiness they at pre sent enjoy with their masters, and be saved from that in evitable starvation which would fallow any change in the existing system. Other questions are; how to save the slave- owners from the ruin which would stare them in the face for want of labour to cultiuate the land ? Are there sufficient means to provide native parents with a life-long supply of sustenance for their families if prevented from selling some of their children to save the family from desti tution ? If not, the parents may be driven to the horrible extremity of killing their children rather than witness their sufferings from privations, some instances of which have happened even in Europe. Is it not necessary to consider these points most seriously before interfering with the social and family life of far- distant people? 'It may be asked why the cry for the abolition of slavery is so general, and what can be proposed as its sub stitute ? Slavery, from the very earliest ages, has been one of the most powerful whips in the advancement of human progress. African slavery horrifies us because it is only of comparatively recent date that the question has been prominently raised ; while we pass over with complacency a very similar condition in civilised Europe. We are con tented with our imaginary liberty, because we are born into it, and do not feel the chains which bind us. In the same way the African, accustomed from childhood to his slave state, feels in his position just as happy as the many so called freemen of Europe.' 'We give this lengthy extract just to illustrate what folly a generally acute and intelligent nineteenth cen tury traveller, with experiences of three or four con tinents in his brain, can put into a book. The limp ing logic and inhumanity of such a defence of slavery is too evident to need serious reply. But we repeat that Mr. Mitchinson's book, judging it as a whole, is one of the most vigorous, picturesque, instructive, and interesting works of its kind that have recently been issued from the London publishing houses. 