Results of the 'CranimlUB' 8ytcm-of Education. During a recent debute in the Legislative Assembly of South Australia, on the sys tem of education in tlvit colony, one of tho members spoke as followH : — Ho hud found aonio time ago in the library here a very int.urest.ini; work on edncatiau, which was caljud 'Tho E'lnonlion Craze,' written from a standpoint with which ho did not agree, but it stated certain facts of tho re Bult systom as shown in England, and as these facts were interesting to us he had made a few extracts, which ho might be allowed to read, showing what the eUects of the system thero wore. Tho work stated that boys certificated as having duly and creditably completed it throe years' curri culum nt n. Metropolitan Board School, gave tho following replios in' writing, spelt »s nndor :— ' Tureen' is the cappitnl of Ohiner ; tho puepul thoro lives on birds nests and hits long tails.' (Laughter.) '^Gibbemiltar is tliO; principal town of Rboshia.' Then there was a question given as to tlio:bor-k».of:tho..0.1d Testament and tho iniswer given was '?:'?— ' Dovonshire, Exeter,: Littikhs, ft umbers, : Stronomy, Itiith, Judges, '&o.; (Langhter.) And by way of showing. ^ that; the; education had' been superficial, thut tlio children had not been trained^ but. had been learned by heart everything, and knew nothing about .^hat they had heeh taught, he would quote what a boy had written, when askod to 'give his impressions with regard to Mosns. Ho said: — 'He, wan an Kgypshion. Ha livod. in a; hark: maid! of bullriishers; and. he kep a goldoh * carf, an'd 'worshipt brdizen snakes, and ho het nosthin but kwaleb and manner for forty years. Ho was kort by the air of his ed while ridin under the bow of a tree, and he was killed by his sou Abslon, as he was a hangin from the bow. His end was pease.' (Laughter.) The following examination '.'. took' place as to miracles.:. Question ^A'-What is a miracle?' Answer :.' Don't know.' [An Hon. Member :' Very good answer.'] Question: 'If yon;sa\yr!the(sHu;8liinipg overhead nt midnight, what woiild you cull it?' Answer : 'Tho moon.' [&n; Hon. Mem ber :' 'Very sensUile fellow.'] Qnostion : ' But if yon we? 6 told it wds the sun.' Answer : ,'.I; should say it was a lie.' Question :' But if J said it was the sun, what would yon say ?' 'Answer : ' I should sny /you was werry drunk.' (Loud laughter.) Ho had given the title of the hook from which ho had quoted, and ?hon. members could see. it in the library, and the schouls wore, mentioned at which the circumstances took place, so that there could be no doubt about'lt. Another. boy of threoyoiirs' standing at a .-Board School (in England) gayo the 'following replies :'-: '; Lawyers are peacemakers.'., [_ji.n Hon.' .Member; : . ' Question.'] . ' Doctors arb men. Man is tho largest being' on land.' (Laughter.) 'Give me the names of two domestic animals.' 'Chickens; . their uses nreheggs. (Lauahter.) ? Tho cow ; his uses are to Rivo-milk'; and them two hanimuls nurse thuir.young ones.' ?' What is miJant by conscience ?' said: a school mastor to his class.. -The almost simul taneous reply of half the class; wns, ' ' A' hinward' monitor/': A.n iiiHpector ' who happenad to be -preserit inquired; ;' And wkit doyou understand by ii monitor ?''ti- which nn . intelligent youth exultingly answered', ''X. ljirorioliid ;!'-#. (Linglner.) .There was.another charaoteristic illustra tion of tho.pam)t drill. of suhools under tho resnlt system given by!-a corresponrleut, who fell-in j with a. school. boy - and offered him n. penny if he would tell him' the names of all the capitals of Europe;' It wtis done,- and with tolurablo ?accuracy; !' Now, 'said tho gentlomiui, 'I will- give ynu .mother penny if you* tell. me whether ;they are anim.Ms' or vegetables.'1 '' ' Hani mals, to be sure,' was'tho ready and con fident answer.'! : Tho gentlemau;knew-.the boy had not beori instructed .in the' latter subject.1- Two pVipilfl- '611'cli' of three-' years' standing .;atr,! a;: Board .School, --were' asked,'; '-How many commandments are there? The r«ply of the first boy was 'Savon.' 'What is the Seventh Oon-- mandiuehti' ;woa 1 then asked. 'Thon shalt honour thy neighbour as thyself,' thac thy days niny bn long in the land which tho Lord thy God give(h tlioe.''/ ,The. daughter of ii clockmiiker, who, hiid adin|tteti that at her baptism she had' 'renounced the Dayil and all his- works'1 was ask'edi;''J\Vhattlo ybii 'tindarativnd !hy. his::\vlirks ?','- To: this she p'romptly replied, «?' Why, iiis jiiaid'e, .to be sure.' (Laughter.) In another .insl«ii'ce the ''question was put, 'What do yon understand by poor in spirit ?' ?'Them as have little 'giu left' in their! :?? bottle'. '?' .CLo'.a;:'^-g%r.V';'No- vanubt'nH,':il»ia''was :.yopy.. amusing,' but at'.thp'; same 'time tho thing presdnted a very serious aspect too. A Gkeat P0BLIO Benefactor— Sir — Josiiih Mason died last week at his residonoo Norwood-house, Edrington, at the ripu ago of 86. He had boon suffering for some time punk, the result of a slight fall whioh he met with sonio fourteen weeks ago. Tho efloot of this. accident culminated in rnp turo, and since that time all hope of pro longing his life had huon abandoned. He had bben gradually sinking sinco Tuesday last, and at 8 o'clock last night he pnBBed away quietly and painlessly as if in Bleep. Sir Josiah Mason, who was of hnmbla parentage, was born at Kidderminster on tho 23rd Fobruary, 1795. He began life as a street, hawker of cakes, fruits, and I vegetables. Aftor trying hi3 baud in his native town at Bhoeniaking, baking, car- i| peutering, blacksmith's work, houae paint- ' - ' ing, nnd carput weaving, ho migrated ia 1814 to Birmingham, where an uncle was I then rssiding. Hero ho souii found em- I ployment ia tho gilt toy trade, at which he ' I continued to work till 1822, wheu through I his conuostion with Mr. Heeley, a steel toy J maker, he was induced to take up the j manufacture of split-ringa. In 1824 ho set ] up 011 his own account as a manufacturer ' I of split-rings by machinery, to which he I ? subsequently added tho manufacturing of I steel pens. Mason diviclos with Gillott and Ij Mitchell the credit of perfecting the modem # steel pen, tho history of which practically M dates from tho discovery of the art of f splitting by machinery. Although less f known to the public than tho other makers I named, owing to tho circumstance of hia / pens being supplied through Messrs.- Perry. / of London, Joaiah Mason was ;realiyJ tho I largest producer of steel pan3. In 187#'' ' — s\ when the business was converieoT inro 'a a limited compauy, ho had over a thousand v . I workpeople consuming ovor three tons of ' I rolled stool weekly. Besides his steel pen 1 I trade, Sir Josiah Mason carried on for I many years the business of electro-plating, I copper smelting, and india-rubber ring I making in connection with tho late Georgo 1 Eichard Elkington, of the firm of Elking- 1 ton and Mason. Sir Josiiih- Mason '.was . ! almost entirely self-educated, ? having taught himself to write when a shoo maker's apprentice, and in later life ho ap peared to feel his educational deticienceB very keenly. It was his sense of the value of education which led him in 1S60 to establish his groat orphanage at Erdin^ton, where 300 girls, 150 boys, and 50 'very yoiino children are gratuitously lodged, clothed, fed, and educated. TJpon this foundation Sir Josiah Mason expended altogether about £300,000, of which the building alono absorbed £60,000. For this '.-? munificent, benefaction Sir Josiah Mason/, received, in November, 1872, the honor of knighthood. He had previously given a disponsary to his native town and estab lished an almshonsp at Erdington. In February, 1880, ho set tho seal to another great public benefaction by presidium at the opening of the Mason Science College, the inaugural address of which was delivered by Profdssor. Huxley. In this case also about £60,000 was expended upon tha building, and the total value of the endow ment probably falls little short of a qnarter of a million. Sir Josiah married iu 1817' ' '? ' his cousin Anne Griffiths'* who died Feb- ? ruary 2. 1870, leaving no issue. His name - - and fame are not likoly to be soon for- .'?. ! gotten in the town of his adoption. ? ' Times. _ -? .;..?-. . ? . f ' Extraordinary Fuxoi in Nevada . ! Mixes.— A .gentleman who recently had oocasion to explore the chambers, drifts, ( and caverns of the old deserted Mexican - and .Ophir.minea says that fungi of every imaginable kiuds have taken possession of the old levels. In those old mines, undis turbed for years,-is found a fungus world . ?in ,;which are to be seen counterfeits of ? almost everything seeu in onr daylight world. r'Owing to tho warmth in the old levels and ? to ; tho pressneo in them of a cortaiiv amount of moisture, the timbers 'have been made to grow some curious crops. 1 Some of tho fungi in tho old chambers aro several feet in height, and boin-* snow ' white, resembled sheeted ghosts. In places are what at a little distanoo appear to bo white owls, and there are representations of goats with long beards, all as white as though carved iu tho purbst marble. Tho rank fungus growth lias almost : closed s.»nio of tho drifts. Tho fnn-i are of almost every imaginable variety. . Some ' kinds hang down from tho timber liko great bunches of snow white hair, and r othors are groat pu'p masses. These last generally rise from tho rocks forming the flwr of tho drifts,. and soem to have grown from something dropped or spilled on the ground at the time work was in progiess years ago. These grnwtis have in 3dvoral places raisod from tho ground rooks wei»h liig from 10 to 50 and even 100 pounds. Some of tha rocks have thus been lifted moro than threo foot. In the higher lovols, whore tho air ia comparatively dry, tho fungi aro less massive in struotnro than below and are much (irmer in texture Some rosomb.o rains' horns, as they grow in a spiral or twisted shapu, while others, four or live foot in length and about tho thickness of a broom haudlo, huig from the cap timbers liko so many snakes suspended by tha tails. One kind, aftor sending out & stem of ihe thickness of a pencil to tho length \--f u foot or two, appoars to b!ossom-at least produces at tho end a bulbous maw that ha8 somo resemblance to a flower; 