Indian Jugglery. People have often asked why some enterprising theatrical manager does not bring one of the wonderful jugglers of India to Europe or to this country. We havo had Japanese jugglers who proved to bo much inferior to such occidental wizards as Houdin and Hermann, and we are soon to witness Nautclr dances by genuine Nauteh girls,, but no East Indian juggler has ever left his native country. Everybody has heard of the amazing miracles performed almost daily in India. The storieB of the juggler who throws a ball of cord into the air, where it remains long enongb for him to climb tip by it until ho disappears from sight'; or of the juggler whocarves a boy as he might carve a chicken, and then reconstructs the boy out of a heap of dis jointed limbs snd miscellaneous otgans, are familiar to ns all. They are often quoted by spiritualists as proof that miracles even more astonishing than the composition of bad poetry by the spirit of John Hilton are nclnally worked by the " occultists" of the Orient, and are often retold in the newspapers as having been vouched for by that rather vague person, " a recent traveller." Were one of these incomparable Eastern jngglers to he brought to Europe by a theatrical manager, the latter would make a cer tain and enormous fortune within a very short time. And yet the very men who import cheap Japanese jugglers, or the more interesting Nautch girls, never make the slightest effort to secure a real miracle-working fakir. This is certainly very strange, and, in fact, qnite un accountable, except. upon a hypothesis which is as rude as it is unwarranted. The mention of East Indian jngglers and tlreir feats most at this particular period remind everyone who knows the facts of the recent marvellous disappear ance of a small boy in Blackboro, Mass. At the request of those most nearly in terested, the affair has thu3 -far been quietly ignored by the press ; bnt it is now understood that there is no need of any farther mystery in tho matter. The facts according to Mr. Ebcnczer Lathrop, a leading citizen and undertaker of Blackboro, are briefly as follow, and will be fonnd intensely interesting : — Mr. Lathrop is not a spiritualist, bnt until lately he has taken a good deal of in terest in spiritualism, and has sometimes expressed the belief that there may he "something or other" in it. Three weeks ago there came to Blackboro a professional medium, Mr. G. T. Horner, who alleged that he was travelling for pleasure, but who, at the reqnest of a local believer in spirits, consented to hold a mmce at the house of Mr. Lathrop whose professional acquaintance .with departed Blackboro citizens might reasonably be supposed to render them willing to meet a respectable medium under bis roof. Tbc Mince was ap pointed to be held on tbe night of the 8th of December, and seven living spiritualists agreed to be present. It was the misfortune of Mr. Lathrop to have a peculiarly objectionable boy — Master Thomas AVallis Lathrop, named after his maternal grandfather, aged 11 years on tire 27th of last November Thomas, or -Torn, as he was popularly called, was a particularly bad boy. Much familarity with coffins and funerals had, perhaps, its share in ren dering him callotu and indifferent to serious things ; bnt it is very certain \- tliat he feared nobody and cared for \- nothing. Ho made his estimable father's ' life a harden to him, and it was the , general opinion of the village that Tom's private funeral would lea most desirable \- undertaking event. The seance was held at the time and place appointed, and was in many re spects a creditable affair. Communica tions from a number of prominent ghosts were received, and the spirits of two persons whom Mr. Lathrop had buried. Deacon Smedly and Prince (coloured) were fully materialised, and were recognised by everyone present. It was in connexion with the appearance of the coloured ghost that Tom Lathrop mode known his hitherto unsuspected presence in the room by a war-whoop and a large apple, the latter being thrown at tire ghost with snch excellent aim as to bit him on the nose and elicit from bim the brief and pointed remark, " Golly !" The indignation of the assembled spiritualists was naturally great, and Mr. Lathrop who promptly captured his graceless son, was ahont to lead him away for punishment, when the medium said : " Bring him to me ; I will deal with biro." Tom was accordingly given to the medium, who was an athletic man, and who, seating himself on a chair in the full riew of the audience, placed tiro bov acrr»3 his knee and prepared to oper ate on him with tire palm of his hand. Mr. Horanr struck only one blow, for the instant his avenging hand descended there was a brilliant flash of light, a loud report, and Master Tom disapeared in stantly and utterly. The doors and vjindows were closed, and eTcn if tbey had not been it is certain that the boy could not have left tbe medium's lap and escaped from the room' 'unseen. From that moment until tbe preaenttime not the slightest trace of Master Thomas iWallis Lathrop has been seen. \- The medium's explanation was n simplo one. He said, that by his occult power lie had decomposed tho boy into his original gases, and that these had united witii tire gases of the atmosphere. The people of Blackboro, witlr hut one exception, agreed that this was the first evidence of any.good in spiritualism that they had yet seen, and there wns talk of inviting Mr. Horner to tnko charge of the district school. To tho astonish ment of everybody, Mr. Lathrop seemed dissatisfied, and he has served a formal demand on tho medium to reconstruct Iris lioy within ' i days' or to pay his value, to bo deci .-.l by three arbitrators or a majority of them. Now, this is a story which is as wonderful ns anything thnt has over been told of tho East Indian jugglers. It is unquestionably ns authentic ns any story told by " a recent traveller," and is far more circumstantial in its details tban tho best efforts of tbnt eminent authority. It will he unhcsitatinglr helievcd by all the believers in Indian jugglery, and ought to be of immense service to spiritualism. In short, there is not a word of truth in it, which is precisely the most important character istic of the talcs of East Indian juggles, and perhaps acconnts for tho. fact that no one has -thought it worth while to hire one of thorn to exhibit his childish' tricks before an intelligent audience. 