CHAPTER V. Two HEARTS, Two SOULS. " As tlie ivy to the oak that riaeth o'er the lea, So tenderly and fond, I cling, my love, to thee." I spoke to Mrs. Nugent the same evening, and her recep- tion of my news was, to say the least, peculiar. " 1 have nothing to do with it," she whined; "Leonore can do as she likes ; she always does ; yes-always does ; I am a mere cypher, but I don't want to complain, for she's a good girl, though she has her faults ; but I rather like you, though you are impatient, and I should think ill-tem- pered"- here she peered into my face with her half furtive glance; "and I am sure if you ever regret it you can't blame me-you can't say I ever encouraged you." "Regret it," I cried, hotly, "as if I ever could regret winning Leonore ; why-" "Oh, yes!" she interrupted, "I know all you would say ; but I won't have anything to do with it ; whatever happens you can't say I encouraged you. I never thought it would go as far as this ; I thought"-with a ghost of a smile-" ' that you would love and ride away ;' but now it can't be helped ; I suppose she must give up her art, and I thought she was going to be famous ; not that I ever wanted her to begin it-oh, no ! I went down on my bended knees to her to stop her ; but it was of no use, and now that she has begun it seems hard for her to have to give it up." "Give up her painting," I answered, a little puzzled; " there is no need for her doiug that, Mrs. Nugent ; I will take her to Rome, and she can study there." Much aa I loved Leouore it could not blind me to the fact that her paintings, though clever, would never be above mediocrity, BO it rather astonished me to hear Mrs. Nugent speaking as if the art were a Moloch that would swallow up everything else, and to which she had so objected as to go to the length of falling on her knees to implore her daughter not to commence it ; in my stupidity and blindness I con- cluded this must be only an exaggerated way of speaking. Mrs. Nugent shook her head : "When you see how it engrosses her you will hate it as I do," she answered, irri- tably ; " however, I've had my say, and now you can please yourselves. No, I don't want any thanks. I want to sleep. Go away, please-your voice makes my head ache. Oh !"-with a dismal groan-" why did lever come to this place?" I went away more amused than anything else, and returned to Leonore, who looked at me anxiously as I entered the room, and questioned me eagerly as to what her mother had said. I remember how she looked as well as if it were yesterday. I still see the slight, erect figure, the small, almost childish face, from which shone her great, deep-set, far-seeing eyes-her small white hands, clasped loosely in front of her. A great tenderness came over me, as I looked at her I felt a kind of awe to think that this slight, frail-looking girl, with her wonderful genius, waa to be mine in the future. I kissed her before I answered, and it hurt me a little to see she drew back from me quickly. " Don't you like my kissing you ?" I asked her, reproach fullv. She gave me a swift, shy smile that lighted up her face, but made no answer. I half turned from her-more in sorrow than pique. "You foolish Noel!" she said, in a low tone that was in itself a caress, 1 ' it was not that, I only wanted to hear what mother had said." " She has given her consent-made a virtue of necessity," I answered, gaily. "You are quite sure you will not regret it?" she asked me, wistfully ; "there is time for you to go back yet." " You foolish child," I said, stroking her bright hair gently, "don't you know I shall never regret it ? You are the only woman I ever loved, and, just as you are the first, so you will be the last ; I received my death wound in the first glance you gave me from your lovely eyes." " Are they lovely ?" she asked, simply. "You know they are, little vanity," I answered -K " you must have been told so over and over again, even if you could not see for yourself." " But it is the first time you have told me so," she said, naively. " What a bewitching little mortal you are," I said, drawing her close to me, and this time she did not repulse me ! "What are you thinking of?" I asked, after a long pause. " I was thinking of two lines of poetry in that play of " Ingomar," she answered, readily. " What are they ?" I asked. (Continued on page io.) (Continued from page 7.) " Two souls, with but a single thought Two hearts that beat as one," She quoted' softly, and again something new in the familiar words struck me. " So it must be with us, dear," I whispered. " I shall always love you," she said; "if ever we part it will be your doing, Noel, not mine." "That will be never, then," 1 returned,confidently. I did not leave till late that night ; it was twelve before I reached my hotel. I was too happy to sleep, so I lay awake, recalling every look and word my darling had given me. I had no thought then but of the present. I never thought that, though I had spoken freely of my past to her, that hers was a sealed book to me ; afterwards, when it was too late, I remembered that neither mother or daughter had ever told me anything of themselves, Where mystery is we may be sure there is something wrong. ( To be continued ). 