Amusements. Masonic Hall.— The Mendelssohn Quintette Club gave their final concert on Saturday evening, and the applause they met with gave ample evidence of the suooeM their musical efforts have met with fa this part of the world. The company proceed to Brisbane. Thkatkb BOTAfc,— Full houses testify to the udgment displayed by the management in substitut u? ' La Fill* du Tambour Juajor' for 'Madame Favart.' The light, oatthing musio seems as aoeeptable as ever to the Sydney public. Gaiety Thsatbs. — *? Mother-in-Law'aiid '*Cor sioanBrothers' are attracting largeandappreoiatire audiences. Quien's The atbk.— 'Quid Erin' is having a great success. Mr. Beymolds knows how far sensat ional effeot may be safely indulged in and whjsre burlesque begins. The piece is well oast and mounted, and the members 61 the company play well up to each other. Victohia Halt*— Mr. D'Arey Bead's ' Ghosts' walked in the afternoon and at night, on Saturday, to good audiences. School of Asts.— Mr. Maooafee's Saturday per formances were also of the dual number, and finished a five week's season of moat excellent busi ness. Opera House. — The Montague-Turner Opera Company have had a most gratifying and suooessf fnl tostr in the Hunter district. Both at Newcastle and Maitland they l«ad large and enthusiastic audi ences, and at the latter town Mr. and Mrs. Turner were the guests of -several of the leading residents of ihe district, and were the recipients of numberless flattering souvenirs. The company returned to Syd- ney yesterday morning by the Kembla, and they oommenoeanaw season at the Opera House, where tb«y will doubtless receive a warm welcome when the emrtain goes np. Mb. Chabxss Bbjoot.— A farewell soiree to Mr. Charles Bright will be given to-morrow night at the Masomio Hall. The Hon. J. Bowie Wilson will pre side, and the programme will inolude vocal and instrumental selections of music, speeches by friends of freethought, and a valediotory address by Mr. Bright. Benefit to Mb. Fbahk Cate?.— Some of the moft inflnentialresidents of Sydney and suburbs are determined on greotin? Mr. Frank Oateson his re turn fromBrisbane with a substantial mark of their approval of hie talents as an actor, and bis tree bearing as a friend, by giving k Bjrmia oonoerc an sne jxtaaonio oou, to-nighb. Some of the most distinguished musicians and vocalists in the city have been most eager in prof erring their services, and this fact, together with the influential support the movement has received, points to an immense success. Mr. Cates arrived Here with the London. Comedy Company early in last year, and was only absent from the stage or the Theatre Boyal on one oooasion sinoe the first night that' com pany opened until the last. During that period all leatre goers know what a favourite lie was, and should now rally to bid bun adieu, as he loaves this eilyr next Thursday for Melbourne. 