SINCE the date of our last issue two rather l important documents have been received by\ the Municipal Council with reference to the water-supply question, and both, it will be W observed, tend to show more clearly than ever the necessity of declining the help of the Go- I vernmen t in this matter. The first paper consists of a minute of Mr. MORIARTY, the 'Engineer-in-Chief for Harbors and Rivers, on the execution of the proposed water-supply k works at Albury and other places. If any of the aldermen wereunderthe impression that the scheme was to be carried out by the Government before proper security had been given for the repayment, this document will certainly dispel the illusion. Mr. MORIAHTY points out that the express consent ot the Council to the performance of the work, f i is incurred. He also states that the estimated. cost of the scheme is £20,000, without reticulation. This, it might be thought, would at once effectuaUy dispose of the Government | plan as far as Albury is concerned. AUowmg B L r-snnn <i r i , £5000 as the expense of reticulation, we have at once as the first cost of the water supply a | r rs.1- nnn. .. . . . . . „ sum of £2^,000, representing in interest at G ' • 1 ° , per cent, an annual charge of £lo00, exclusive of working expenses. £1500 per annum may indeed be fairly set down as the minimum amount that would have to be paid for this very expensive luxury, as whatever sum was received from the Railway Department would in all probability be no more thau sufficient to meet the current expenditure on management. Bat Mr. MORIAHTY is very careful to tate that the " Government does not bind tself to the exact amount, and that he Council must be prepared to pay he cost, whatever it may be." That is o say, if the views of contractors and the estimate of the Government engineer should be at variance to the extent of 25 per cent, or so, then the borough may easily bo saddled with another £5000 of debt, which would have to be paid whether the Council liked it or not. The Government scheme would thus certainly entail an outlay of £25,000, and quite possibly one of £30,000. At such a pricc wc have 110 hesitation in saying that even the boon of water would be too dearly purchased. Badly as a water-supply is needed, if it could not be obtained without incurring so enormous a debt, wo were better without it. Better by far to rest content with the old-water- carts and wells than to impose for the next fifty years a serious burden upon all residents and property-holders of the town, who would have to contribute to the cost of the water scheme whether they benefited by it or not. Happily, this is not the only alternative which is open to the Council. It is fortunately not a question of water at an enormous cost, or no water. Mr. ABRAHAM, of Ballarat, who was one of the competitors for the £100 bonus offered by the Council, and f-c. distinctly states that by his scheme an efficient water supply can be provided at a cost of £7000—that is to say, for about onequarter the cost of tho Government plan, and he offers to find the money at 5 per cent. Under these circumstances we are at a loss to account for the decision arrived at by the Council on Wednesday night, and can only recommend that the ratepayers take some steps to protest against the extravagance contemplated. A public meeting on the subject should be called at once. [Since the above was in type we notice that a public meeting has been convened for Monday evening next, at tho Exchange Hotel, and we hope a laigo attendance will be secured.] I IN the course of his opening address at the Annual Movable Committee of the Manchester Unity Oddfellows, Mr. SCHOFIELD, the Grand Master of the Offer, threw out what appear Lj bj} & y(jty valaablo suggestion, when he pro- ^ that some steps should bo taken by Government for an official inquiry into the worki n fi of Friendly Societies in general. These institutions have now obtained a very extenive footing in the colony, and many thou- sands of families are deeply interested in the! soundness of the principles on which they are based. In the Manchester Unity alone the number of members is 9013, and there are at east h a ]f. a^ozen oflwr kindred societies in m activifc and musterin ^ the aggregate baW ^ or {om ^ M more. C ehavetUus a kl. e portion of the total ^ lation of the looki to these tr T iastitutions ^ their principal resource in the I fc of sickness or disablement J L d the importance of airing the solvency b L f the Frien(J1 Societies caQ therefore be ^ly oveMstimated. The onl K on this head that can be afforded ^ tliat of a table of payments ared b competent, actuarieSj and based upon authenfcic i oca i statistics> Nqw ffc may be ^ . q one ^ I more-of the societies in operation in AusJ traIia> tho 6caIe of initiation and contribution ees has ^en founded upon proper data, but' t k a W i mposs ible that all the tarifls can th n in somo of the societieg the ratQ must be ^ high| 01, thafc in oth(jrs ifc musfc be too low. If the error bas been on] in the directi(m of exactin„ a ter m _„ n t fu„„ ,•„.,,* ° . , f" ent than is actually necessary m order to, secure the benefifcs nteed tbe miscWef ig M not of a very serious nature. ^ ^ ifc WQuld i ^ ^^ " o^ivjua uaiunj; tUUUflU It WOU1U nl, v : n „ e i, r , in . ' ° ,. , , obviously be better m the case of a kind of mutual provident institution, designed for the benefit of the needy rather than the wealthy, that the tariff should be equitable. But jf the error lias been in the opposite direction of pVianr^rr chaiging fn too n little—and in n.. the i keen competi .. I tion likely to exist where so many societies have been established there is always a danger of this blunder—then the.fact cannot too soon be ascertained and made public. In these remarks we refer to no one society in particular. It may be, and we hope is, the feet, that all «PTK V JI O - ' 1 oi roe friendly bocietiesjhave been properly established on a scale of payments which will bear the test of actuarial investigation • but tke deal M of ta doubt fora on long the subject, too pastTT.'gZ and the doubt will not be lessened by the remarks of tho \- . , „ , remarcs ot tbe principal officer of the leading Friendly Society in the colony. The sooner, therefore, that some proper inquiry is made, the sooner will public confidence be fully Stored in all Z associations that arc worthy of trust. - HIE general feeling all over Victoria with regard to tho apportionment of the Kellv r satisfaction with the recommendation of the b board appointed to consider the various claims sent in That the board in their awards should have succeeded in pleasing everybody, I was not of course to be expected, and tho wisdom of their finding inregj toninel tenths of the applicants cannot fairly be called in question without a more rigid investigation | of the whole circumstances of each annliVaH™ than anyone outside tho boardTas been a^ to bring to bear. IN the case of Mr. CUENW, however, the whole of tho material facts are still fresh in the nublic mind ! ? nd thc gencral v^.Vf F, , ' verdict of the public, based on these facta, is that the amount awarded is all too low In pinion we very heartily concur. There are no wanting persons who would dct^t from the credit due to Mr. CURNOW in this matter, and one of the principal a^menL I adduced to show that he did not cffcct so much as has been asserted, is that he onlv saved the 1pilot-engine GD^nc notthe Y • „ .. 1 ' iZ- conveymg the police. It is, however, univereaUy tT^rv? 0 are best fitted ^ , . " o uuir tliat had the pilot-engine gone over the cut-l fang the tram must inevitably have followed, to the certain destruction of all its livins freight. This terrible disaster w a s averted by the pluck-we may weUcaU it I heroism—and fertility of resource of Mi. CUB- NOW. Such heroism and presence ofmind, so happily displayed, can hardly be compen. sated by any money payment, and Mx. NOW'S best reward will be the pleasing consciousness of having at the peril ot his own life, and of lives probably dearer to him than his own, saved a number of his fellows from untimely death. When, however, an attempt is made to fix a money value on the services rendered at Glenrowan, no appraisement can be satisfactory which does not estimate Mr. CUBNOW'S efforts at a £ar higher rate than those of any other individual concerned. .... . * P ^ e d many years ago by OCK™the writer introduced some v^y 1 c ^ h . a P terS J W ^ J " contain a uthfu desenphon of the cruelties prachsal ^ and P"vate lunatic asylums. So ^ ^ ° f f 6 ^tements that ? ? regardedas entirely fictional, f mto the management of some ^institutions referred to, it was found a * there at least a substratum of feet, f^ 8 ? m0K} , ^ ^ G U P ervkion of ^ ^ absolutely necessary in the interests of humanity. Since then a vast clla D g e has been effe °ted, and there is no reason o J. ^o believe that any public or private esent ° f tbe kiad in England is conducted on other than rational and humane lington Asylum, New Zealand, published in the last issue of this journal. In this case we are glad to learn that the abominable cruelty practised towards a patient named WILLIAM , r . T 'INTOSII is likely to meet with suitable punshment. The Koyal Commission appointed to 1DqUire lnto lhe ma |, * , n agement ° of the asylum * f ° ^ ° f p ^ ^ r ° Ved and ' Wu,TELA W > the superintendent of the asylum, has been arrefited a n d be proceeded against, M ' Int ? sd ' ib be^remembered, was dragged from his bed on a midwinter night, stripped. conducted across an exposed yard, placed in a confined shower-bath, and kept under a continuous shower of cold water for ten minutes, until, upon the door of the bath being opened, the patient was all but drowned. ALBDRY DISTRICT CooBT.-The District Court wiU lte opened this morning at the usual hour by hio Honor Judge Forbc s - } w f! ar ^ aid of the Presbyterian g " " CnIE 1 1 F M JUSTICE.—Sir d 7lt James Martin ^ S t »» arn } rci .\ a .^ry Monday last, on his return, U. M Melbourne, from the Deniliquin Circuit Court, and left on Tuesday for Sydney. THE SEIZUBE OF THE INDIA.—At the Wodonga I p/* 11^® on Monday, Wallace, the purser of UP to M S f ' ^ ^ ^ d ' ALBOEY CusTOJi-HousE.-The collections at th e Albuty Custom-house for (he month of April araountcd t o £1739 10s. 6d. For the last week 1 ™ 0 month the reoci P te ^cw £646 Is. lid. eheld on Tuesday before the Disteict CornfoSehew^P° lt ° f the P roceedin 8 wiU be S ° WESLEYA^ CHURCH. The E* v J C Macdougall is announced to preach on Sunday e'vSg £ eXt B ? ecial , Kl 'erence to the wreck of the l ^ n ^ 1 0 ^ ^ - h o was THE WEATHER.—After a few nights of frost, a c - anfie , s f V ? n Tuesday, rain commencing about he venin fnV^i .T 'V ? S and continuing at ^ * C R ™ N L A P SAM.-A sale of Crown lands land office o a Wednesday. The ^ offered We r «: ^o portions of 295£ acres I , J acreP ' P ari8h Both were kno ( ; ked to Mr. James M'Laurin at the U P n ^^ ^^ per acle * A l S ^ o T t S ^ ^ ^ 1^dreading'» icc^tSe Sange S i a n . d at - Qerm anton, next week, fhosT ^ ^ c n t e r t a i^ by introducing a fni lAINFAr ' L . f W. Sloane, jun., o X IiiiiV 116 , tol l r in « local etatistiw:- ^81 as ' compared ? m ^ with ™ akin ll-68in. R a total during ot 7-8Iin. thesame for K d 5 , G ' 31i n- m 1879; ll-68in. ia ^ . «">ui,auK.iifQ UASE.—A mppfincr ^ ^ m o J ^ J ^ ^ m ^ the past week atSeTanfco ^what steps should be taken in ^ ^ ^ S ^ S ^ J R g f ^ ™ thia ^ THE CENSUS.—A summary of the results of the recent census is expected to be ready for publication in the course of a few days. It is estimated by 6ome of those who have the best means of judging, that the returns, when complete, will give New South Wales a population ot 850,000, and Victoria only a trifle over 900,000. THE JINGELLIC TIN LODES—The mining manager of the tin mines at Jingellic on the 25th ult. reports :—" The distance driven by the contractors in the tunnel is 8 ft. for the fortnight ending the 23rd. The shaft to connect with the tunnel is down 67ft. The lode still carries very good tin, and is increasing in width." " AUSTRALIAN GHOSTS."—In answer to an inv, quiry on the subject, we have much pleasure in stating that the interesting articles published recently this journal under the heading " Australian Ghosts" were from the pen of Mr. Charles De Boos, now police magistrate at Temora. They were originally contributed to a Sydney contemporary. IMPORTANT TO STOCKOWNERS.—By an advertisement elsewhere it will be observed that all stockowners assessed under the Pastures and Stock Protection Act are required to pay up the amount of their respective assessments without delay, and that in default of payment proceedings will be instituted for the recovery of the money. DANCING.—We have been requested to call attention to the dancing classes iormed by Mr. Roberts, of Melbourne. There are classes lor adults as well as for children, and Mr. Roberts's high reputation as a teacher is a sufficient guarantee of efficiency in the instruction. Application by intending pupils may be made at the Mechanics' Institute on Wednesdays, at 4 p.m. for juveniles, and 8 p.m. for adults. THURGOONA SCHOOL.—The annual fete in connection with the Thurgoona school took place on Saturday last, when the usual outdoor sports were indulged in, and the children regaled with all sorts of delicacies. A large number of adult visitors were also entertained. Mr. James Day, a warm supporter of the school, took an opportunity during the day to address a few kindly and appropriate remarks to the children. ACCIDENTS.—On Sunday evening last Mr. Buyers, manager of Messrs. Greer's wine cellar*, met with a very serious accident. Returning home in the dusk of the evening, he fell over the high cliff near his residence, and sustained a compound lracture of the leg. He is now under treatment at the hospital. A little girl, daughter of Mr. Byrnes, contractor, wa3 also severely burned a few days ago. MUNICIPAL APPEAL COURT.—At the meeting of the Borough Council last Friday, the valuers' assessment of all rateable property in the borough was adopted, and a rate of Is. l£d. in the £ was struck. A statement of the rate is now on view at the office of the Council, where it may be inspected by all concerned. The date of the Appeal Court was fixed for the 26th May. Any ratepayers desiring to appeal will have to give the usual notice. URANA HOSPITAL.—We have been requested, on behalf of the treasurer of the Urana Hospital, to acknowledge receipt of the following donations :—G. W. Lamb, £3 ; Moffatt Bros., £5 5s.; A.J.S. Bank, Urana, £2 2s.; D. M'Donald, £1; Culley Bros., £1 10s.; O. Drummond, £2 2s.; C. Walsh, £1; collected by C. Walsh, 5s.; J. Williams, £1 ; Dr. Bellamy (Urana band), £7 ; George Sutton, £1; Jeremiah Quinn, £1 Is.; J. Jobson, 10s. 6d. THE WRECK, OF THE TARARUA.—We publish elsewhere full particulars of the total wreck ot the Union Steamship Company's steamer Tararua. The total loss of life is much more serious than was at first supposed, 122 persons having been drowned. Among the number were the Rev. J. B. Waterhouse and his son, Mr. J. Waterhouse, a young man only 24 years of age. The Rev. Mr. Waterhouse, a clergyman of the Wesleyan denomination, well known in the Border districts, had only recently been appointed to the Sandhurst circuit. He preached at Sandhurst for the first time about three weeks ago, and a few days later made the trip to New Zealand to bring his son across. CHURCH SERVICES AT CORRYONG.—A wellattended meeting was held at the Corryong Athenieum on Saturday, April 30tb, to consider whether the Rev. J. A. White, of Wodonga, should be invited to continue his visits and ministrations in connection with the Church of Eugland. Mr. Thomas Waters, who occupied the chair, explained that in consequence of some recent agitation for the establishment of a resident clergyman in the locality, there was some chance of Mr. White's visits ceasing. On the motion of Mr. Lloyd, seconded by Mr. James Wheeler, it was unanimously resolved that the Rev. Mr. White having faithfully in all weather visited the district six times a year, and the Church of England being the pioneer church of the district, he (Mr. White) should be asked kindly to continue hiB ministrations. On the motion of Mr. Joseph Hanson, J.P., it was decided to communicate to the Rev. Mr. White the substance of the foregoing resolution, and the meeting then closed. ZULU CREEK.—A correspondent writes as follows :—" Mining matters on Zulu Creek are Jikely to look up if a few more finds are hit upon of equal value to the discovery made a few weeks since by two lads named Samuel and William Appleton. These youngsters •were fortunate enough to come across a reef, which they christened the ' Just-in-Time,' and from which a trial crushing of three tons has just been completed, yielding the veiy handsome return of 16oz. 5dwts. to the ton. And this yield it is considered would have been largely increased had first-class appliances for crushing been available. As it was, the reduction of the stone was effected in a very primitive fashion, and quartz estimated to go 8oz. to the ton only yielded a little over-5oz. The young prospectors have 10 tons now at grass; the reef runs nearly due north and south, and is about 2ft. wide. A commencement has been made with the erection of a crushing mill on the ground, plenty of water being available to drive a water- wheel." ACCIDENT AT CORRYONG.—A serious accident fsays a correspondent) happened at Corryong on Thursday evening, 28th April, to a son of Mr. Charles Wheeler. He was driving some cows to a yard, when his horse fell with him and broke his arm. In the absence of Dr. Barnett, Dr. Mueller, of Yackandandah, was immediately sent for. The messenger, Mr. Harry Sheather, started with extra horses at about 6 o'clock and returned, accompanied by the doctor, at 4 the following afternoon; thus doing the trip, (about 80 miles each way) within 22 hours. Dr. Mueller found the lad in a critical state, suffering from a compound fracture of the arm and dislocation of the wrist. Not being aware of the nature and extent of the injuries, the doctor had not brought his Burgical instruments, but succeeded in reducing the fracture, and then went to Tintaldra to obtain surgical instruments from Dr. Barnett's dispensary, 30 miles distant. On his return he found the little sufferer much worse ; mortification had apparently set in, and by evening had extended as far as the elbow. No further delay could be made, and amputation of the arm was necessary to save the young fellow's life. Dr. Mueller pluckily undertook the operation without other assistance, beyond such as could be rendered in the house. Chloroform being administered, the operation was successfully performed within half an hour. The young patient is progressing favorably so far. Great praise is due to Dr. Mueller for his prompt action under existing circumstances. ALBURY BOROUGH COUNCIL.—A special meeting of the Borough Council was held on Friday evening. The most important business transacted was that ot receiving the municipal assessment from the valuers. This was received and adopted, and a rate was struck of Is. l^d. in the £ on the net annnal value, being Is. for general purposes and l£d. for lighting the town lamps. Alderman Thorold brought forward a series of resolutions protesting against the understood intention of the Government to run a line of rails on the New South Wales gauge over to Wodonga, and in moving the adoption of the resolutions spoke at some length with a view to show that in the interests of Albury, and for economical considerations, the connection of the railway systems of the two colonies should be left in the hands of Victoria, to be effected by a single line of rails of the Victorian gauge. Alderman Downie seconded the motion, which was also supported by the Mayor. Alderman Gulson condemned the resolution as indicating a grasping and selfish spirit, which, moreover, would be sbowu to very little purpose, as he did not think that anything the Council could urge on the subject would have the least effect in altering the arrangement arrived at between the two Governments. He also stated that in his opinion Albury, from it< superior size and importance, must always remain the terminus of the Southern Railway, in whatever way the two lines were connected. Alderman Lamport endorsed the remarks of Alderman Gulson. On a division being called for, the Mayor and Aldermen Thorold and Downie voted in favor of the resolutions j Aldermen Gulson, Lamport, and Hunter against them. The Mayor declined to exercise his casting vote on the question, and under these circumstances it was decided to allow the matter to remain in suspense until Wednesday. A letter was read from the Public Works Department, enclosing a minute of Mr. Moriarly on the water-supply question. This minute, which had been approved of by the Minister, stated thai tenders had been invited for a pumping-engine, and that the Government were prepared to commence and carry out the scheme with vigor, but that before any expense was incurred the Council must formally intimate its willingness to be bouud by the terms of the Act in regard to repayment of the loin. The estimate for Albury was £20,000 without reticulation, but the work might cost more, and if so the Council would have to abide by the increase. In connection with this matter a letter had also been received from Mr. Abraham, of Ballarat, stating that under his scheme the whole cost of the work, including reticulation, would not exceed £7000, and that it necessary he could obtain the money for the Council at 5 per cent. Owing to the urgency of the other business to be considered, and to the fact that only six members of the Council were present, it was decided to allow the matter to stand over until Wednesday, when it was decided to accept the offer of the Government. PASTORAL AND AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.—A meeting of the committee of this society was held at the Globe Hotel yesterday afternoon, the members present being Messrs. Dunn, Adams, Francis, Abercrombie, Hayes, Morton, Bradley, Ridley, Watson, Heppner, Turner, and C. Dight. Mr. Hayes occupied the chair. An account was submitted of £30 from the late secretary, being £20 as salary and £10 commission on subscriptions. Mr. Francis asked if the secretary was entitled to commission on all subscriptions. The chairman siid he was entitled to commission on ail subscriptions passing through his hands. Some discussion arose as to whether the commission was payable on donations as well as subscriptions. Mr. Dunn thought it would be better to pay the secretary a fixed salary. It was decided to allow the account for commission to stand over; the remainder of the account was passed for payment. A telegram was read staling that the Wagga show would ue held on 14th September. Mr. Watson moved that the Albury Show be held on Wednesday, 7th September. Mr. Ilcppner seconded the motion.—Carried. The secretary'ssjtlary was fixed at £25 a year and a couiniiaston^Of 'oiper cent, on all subscriptions collectcd ^jytofstelf. The next subject dealt with was that of pdrati^.ii new fence on the side of the railway refccr5*&' it was proposed to raise the present fence to the height of the other fencing. Mr. Dight, however, pointed out that the fence was not on the society's ground, and he suggested that a new fence be erected on the society's ground. Mr. Griffith moved that application be made for the ground between the yards and the railway Hue. He also moved that an extra 5 acres adjoining the yards be applied for. Mr. Francis seconded Mr. Griffith's amendment, which was carried. Messrs. Hayes, Bradley, and Griffith were appointed a sub-committee to draw up the annual report for ublication. It was announced that Mrs. Fleming Ead offered a special prize of £3 for flowers. It was decided to hold a special meeting on 23rd June to draw up programme ahdv appoint subcommittees. Mr. C. Dight intimated, his intention to give a " President's Prize" for best draught entire of any age. Mr. Morton considered that the holding of a ploughing match should be an important part in the society's programme, and moved that a match be held in Albury the week before the show. Mr. Heppner seconded the motion, which was carried. It was decided, on the motion of Mr. C. Dight, seconded by Mr. Heppner, that in the event of any member of committee being absent from two consecutive meetings, someone else should be elected by the committee in his place. THE SALE OF RAILWAY PLANT.—On Friday last Messrs. J. II. Gray and Co., in conjunction with Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co., brought their great sale of Messrs. Cornwell and Co.'s railway plant to a clo3e. The sale throughout was well attended, and Mr. Telford, the selling auctioneer, had no reason to complain of lack of competition. The following is a summary of a few of the principal lots, with the prices realised :—The first lots submitted were horses of various descriptions, which realised as follows—light harness and saddle, up to £25 10s.; heavy- draughts, to £40. Buggies and waggonettes brought from £22 10s. to £44, the latter price being paid by Mr. Maher for au express waggon with pole, shafts, and tilt. A large number of sets of shaft harness averaged £2 6s.; leading harness a shade lower. Buguy harness sold up to £4, £4 2s. 6d., and £4 5s. Timber jankers sold at £6 5s.; timber waggons to £10 5s. Water-carts fitted with 200-gallon tauks sold to £9 17s. 6d.; tip-drays from £8 5s. to £12 10s.; Euglish water-carts, with pump, £20 to £21; spring drays, £15 10s. A rather cumbrous portable house, on wheels, was knocked down to Mr. Ten Brink at £31. A number of 4-ton screw-jacks sold at 30s. each, 2-ton jacks bringing 25s. Five sets of stocks and dies, complete, were sold to Mr. Scanlan at 42 s. per set. Sets of Avery's scales, up to 8cwt., brought up to £6 per set. A superior 6-wheeled locomotive engine, with tender, steam brake, and all latest improvements, by Kitson, Leeds, was bought by Mr. Ten Brink at £1500. A 6-wheel engine, with tender, by Beyer, Peacock and Co., was knocked down to Mr. Cornwell for £750. Fifteen ballastwaggons were sold to Mr. Cornwell at £56 each; 26 to Mr. Jas. M'Gingave at £55 cach. A largequantity of round and flat iron sold at from 6s. (5d. to 13s. 6 J. per cwt.; octigon steel at 25s. per cwt. Galvanised iron piping, at per foot, sold for 4H. for 14-inch, Gi sold up to £3. An iron saw- bench was bought by Mr. Connell for £14. A superior saw-bench by Powis and Co., with boring machine, trollies, and tramway, was knocked down to Mr. Connell for £52 10s. A portable 8-h.p. portable engine by Roby and Co. was bought by Messrs. D. Munro and Co. for £130. A 6-h.p. portable engine by same maker was knocked down to Mr. Cornwell for £67. A 5 h.p. horizontal engine and vertical boiler, by Bagnet, was sold to Air. Treacy for £.97. A screw cutting and surfacing lathe, with belting and shafting complete, was bought by Mr. Cock for £67 10s. A sleeperadzing machine, with knives attached, bv Wright and Edwards, was bought by Mr. Ten Brink for £27 10s. A number of double-purchase crab winches fell to Mr. Cornwell at £4. A piledriver, nippers, and monkey was 6old to Mr. Cornwell for £20 ; 32 dobbins were knocked down to the same buyer at £3 10s. each. Sixgauge galvauised wire brought £13 15s. per ton. Three pile-drivers lell to Mr. Connell at £12 each ; and the same buyer secured 39 muck waggons at £13 eich. The minor lots ot all kinds brought equally satisfactory prices, and the total proceeds of the sale amounted to over £10,000, in addition to between £5000 and £6000 worth ot property disposed of by the firm privately. A BOLT.—A horse in a baker's cait belonging to Mr. Mason, of Wodonga, made a bolt on Monday last from Mattbews's hotel, and started off at full speed down Dean and Kiewa streets. Fortunately no damage resulted, as the horse having been accustomed to pull up at the Rose Hotel stopped when he got there, and was caught by the driver. TRESPASS ACTION.—At the lvcent sitting of the Small Debts Court at Germanton, the case of Trustees of Germanton Town Common v. Nicholson attracted a good deal of attention. The, action was one of trespass, the plaintiffs claiming £10 for damaws. Mr. Emerson, who appeared for the plaintiffs, said the case was one of some importance, as affecting the rights of trustees of commons in the matter ot preventing deliberate trespasses frequently committed by drovers in charge of tiavelling sheep and cattle. These persons, he stated, were in the habit of depasturing the stock in their charge on the commons, instead of proceeding continuously in one direction at the rate of progress laid down by the Act for travelling stock. It was to put au end to this practice and to establish the rights of the trustees in the matter that the present proceedings had been instituted. Several witnesses were then called, whose evidence may be summarised as follows :— James Iliggins, one of the trustees of the common, proved compliance with the necessary formalities. George Davis, herdsman of the common, deposed that on April 13th defendant brought a flock of sheep, numbering 4000, on to the common ; that bh the same evening he drove them off again in the direction from which he had come ;. that the flock was then camped all night on the Sydney road; on the following morning defendant brought the sheep on the common again, and kept them there feeding until 2 o'clock in the afternoon ; the damage thus done to the grass was estimated by witness .at £10. The evidence of Higgins was corroborated by that of another witness named Richard Chant, who also confirmed the estimate of damage to the grass. Some fui ther evidence was tendered ou behalf of the plaintiffs, but considered unnecessary by the Bench, who returned a verdict for the full amount claimed, with costs. THE LATE MELBOURNE TRAGEDY.—In connection with the late tragedy in Melbourne reported elsewhere, we understand that Colley, the principal actor, was for some two years resident in Albury, and that he worked for some time as a stonemason on the gaol contract. NEW PRODUCE STORE.—Mr. H. A. Scurr, late of the Banner Office, h is secured convenient premises in Townsend-street, and intends carrvin^ on the business of a hay and corn store. " ° WODONGA POLICE COURT.—At this court, on Friday, before Mr. Foster, P.M., the following cases were dealt with :—P. O'Connor v. G. Piunkett.—This was a claim for the sum of £8 9s. Id. due on a previous judgment of the court. Plaintiff deposed that the judgment had not been satisfied. The Bench made an order for the payment of £5, with 10.s. costs, within a fortnight, the balance to be paid at the end of a month ; in default, six weeks' imprisonment. M. Power v. J. B. Filiuer ; claim for £2 5s. for wages; verdict for plaintiff for £-2 Is., with 5s. costs. G. C. Southey v. J. B. Filmer.—Defendant was summoned by the authorities of the Railway Department for illegally removing passengers "from the Wodonga terminus. A fine of Is. and costs was imposed. GERMANTON POLICE COURT.—The following is a list of the cases dealt with at the last sitting of the Germanton Police Court:—Carter v. M'Grath, abusive and insulting language; adjourned! Post v. Grant Bros.; claim for £2 Is., work mid labor done ; verdict for plaintiff. Carter v. Rial Bros. ; claim for £3 12s. for loss of time ; postponed. Same v. same ; claim for £6 for damage done to growing crops ; aljourned. Trustees of Germanton Town Common v. Nicholson ; claim for £10 damages for trespass ; verdict for plaintiff. Forde v. Roach ; claim for 19s. for school fees ; verdict for plaintiff. Forde v. Maher ; claim for £10 for school fees ; verdict for amount claimed. Holloway v. Gibson ; claim for £9 15s., share of cheque; dismissed. James v. King Moon; claim for £9 12s. 3d., goods sold and delivered ; verdict for plaintiff. JUVENILE INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION.—It is intended to hold a Juvenile Industrial Exhibition at Bathurst on 2nd November. A schedule of prizes may be seen at the office of this journal. GRANT TO AGRICULTURAL SOCIETIES.—The last issue of the Government Gazette contains the following notification :—Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydney, 28th April, 1881. It is requested that the agricultural societies of the colony that may be desirous of obtaining aid from the public funds, under the conditions of the vote ot 1881 will forward their applications with the least possible delay. In every case the application should be accompanied by a list, duly certified by the secretary and treasurer, showing the names of the members and the amount received from each as his annual subscription to the funds of the society. Under the terms of the vote the list should be strictly confined to money raised hj private annual subscriptions from the members of such societies.—HENRY PAUKES." SALE OF STOCK.—A sale of stock the property of Mr. Little was held on the Mitta Mitta on Fridav. Mr. Parker, auctioneer lor Mr. John Dougharty, was salesman on the occasion, and good prices were realised. Cows with calves brought £4 10s.; dry cows, £3 10s. to £4 ; steers, £3 10s.; yearling calves, £l 19s. ; horses, £16 ti £20. Sheep averaged 13s. 6 I. each, pigs 40s. The household furniture also realised satisfactory prices. STOCK ITEM.—Mr. R. King has sold 1000 Springvale wether-weaners to Mr. W. Purtell. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—'The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time in the present issue, omitting only those specially referred to elsewhere and those which are not of sufficient importance to require particular mention :—Mr. Henderson, Manchester House, call* attention to his new display of winter coods; Jaintw Oliver is advertised for ; Messrs. F. C. and A. Piggin will sell Mr. Ilatye's furniture and effects at Corowa on Wednesday next; trespassers on Toouia are cautioned; tenders are inviced for the erection of bridges over Bowna and Mullengandra Creeks; races at Jerilderie on tbe Queen's Birthday ; all stockowners assessed under the Pastures and Stock Act must pay up forthwith ; all sorts of trees for sale at the Wagga Wagija Nursery ; fruit trees and st^ds for sa'c by B. ('alley and Son, Urana ; free ball at Travellers' Rest, Gero^erv, on 14th May ; quidrillc assembly at Mechanics' Institute next Wednesday ; Mr. Blackie advertises Hogben's Bilsini of Aniseed ; trespassers on Walbundrie cautioned; Mr. J. Cusack will sell at an early date Mr. F. Purtell's stud ; the same auctioneer has various good properties for sale ; tenders for works are invited by Towong Shire Council; trespassers on Mountain Creek cautioned ; Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. announce an important furniture sale for Wednesday next; the same firm will sell live stock, poultry, &c.;, on the same dav in connection with the Presbyterian Church Bazaar ; J. H. Gray and Co. hold their sale ol fat stock next Wednesday ; Mr. S. C. V. North holds a sale of horses on Wednesday next; public meeting at Jindera re the case of Hallidav v. Thomas will be held to-morrow ; Messrs C. L. Griffith and Co. hold a sale of building sites at the Globe on 14th May ; all claims against the Jindera Mill must be sent in ; Mr. Noith will sell off on Friand Saturday, 13th and 14th May, Mr. Alexander's stock of draperv and grocery goods ; meeting at Morven on 14th inst. re football club ; Mtssrs. Gordon and Gordon rail for tenders for various buildings; Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. hold their usual fat stock sale on Wednesday. NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. E. Holloway's Dramatic Company are now playing at Temora. The Dog and Poultry Society of Brisbane are offering prizes amounting to £300, besides specials. Dargue's mundic claim, owned by Warren and Company, near Braidwood, will commence work shortly. It is said that .£300,000 worth of gold has been raised to the surface since Temora was discovered. With the exception of eight families, all the Italian refugees have been engaged at fair rates of wages. The Wilcannia Commercial Bank has forwarded a parcel of 7Gozs. of Mount Browne gold to the Mint. The Colonial Secretary has undertaken the control of all business relatiug to fish reserves aud fisheries. Another case of public horsewhipping is reported from Qiieaubeyan. This time it was a lady that applied the lash. On shooting au iguana in Queensland it was found to have swallowed four china nest-eggs, three being whole and one broken. A list recently compiled shows that there are 56 registered mining companies at Gympie, with an aggregate uoiniual capital of £718,960. The panacea proposed by Mr. Melville, M.L.A., for the Chinese trouble, is to place every shipload of Chinese in quarantine for six months. Our Government geologist has been immortalized. A newly-discoveredspecies of eucalyptusdestroying insect has been named Podocanthus Wilkiusoni. The miner, Charles Smith, who was charged with sending an explosive missive through the Adelong post oflice, has been discharged, as there was no evidence against him. In the Harbors and Rivers Department the system of patronage by the Minister has been voluntarily abandoned, and all promotions go by seniority and merit. Yachting appears lo be becoming a popular sport at Brisbane, and recently an important match took place for a sweep of £75, making a stake of £225. The Colonial Secretary of Queensland has sent a protest to the Chief Secretary of Victoria against the manner in which the native troopers were dealt with in regard to the Kelly awards. It is stated in Brisbane that Judge Hely has issued a writ of £2000 for libel against the publishers of the Northern Miner, for criticisms on his conduct at the Brisbane District Court. The San Francisco mail steamer arrived at Auckland on Monday, and having sickness on board, was placed in quarantine. She left next day for Sydney, and is due there on Sunday. "Sir Henry Parkes has given his solemn pledge," says the G.W.C.T. of one of the Good Templar sections, " that the Licensing Bill will be the first measure introduced next session." The Newcastle coal companies are now engaged in a war of competition which is calculated to ruin one or other of the companies and be prejudicial to the district. A letter recently received from Trickett states that he bad backers to match him against any man in England, but that the prospects of arranging such an event were not good. The Tasmanian Government have decided to proceed against Messrs. R. J. Edwards, H. B. Evans, H. Watson, and G. Miles in connection with alleged bribery in the Huon electorate. The majority of the shares in the new Masonic Hall Company, Sydney, have been taken up. The hall will be situated at the corner of Castlereagh and Goulbum streets, and will be an imposing edifice. Mr. Roxburgh, a gentleman residing in the Orange district, and associated with a large cooperative store in Manchester, has arranged to ship a parcel of frozen mutton direct for Manchester. A telegram received a few days since from Ve getable Creek says:—" Fresh batches of Chinese continue to arrive almost daily. They now outnumber the adult European population by about three to one. One-half of an opal mine in Queensland has been sold for .£4000. Dr. Robinson, an eminent Indian geologist, says that the opal matrix from this mine is the largest and. finest he has ever seen. At Shoalhaven, according to the census returns, the excess in the number of males over that of females is no less than 555. A veritable shoal of marriageable girls might advantageously resort; to this haven. A new capitalist company jhas been formed in Sydney to work Rigby's mundic reef, at Major's Creek. Samples sent to England give about 8 ounces to the ton. The supply is believed to be inexhaustible. It is stated that during last week a Mrs. Hall, •who weighs a little under 19st., fell down a shaft at Temora, which was stated to be GOft. deep, and received no injuries. The Temora exchanges are responsible for this. Three men were fined an aggregate amount of £26 10s. on Saturday last, at the Wagga Wagga police court, for drunkenness and riotous conduct in the up mail train on the previous evening, while at Junee railway station. Messrs. Alderson and Sons' splendid collection of leathers exhibited at the Melbourne Exhibition is now under theconaideration of the Executive Committee, as it is' generally believed the collection merits special recognition. The financial prospects of the municipality of Goulburn are not encouraging. The estimated income for the present year, is £5042, and the es timated expenditure £8455. In what manner the deficiency will be made up is not known. Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphs that the sculling match between Robert Edwards, ot Melbourne, and M'Donald, of Sydney, which was to have taken place on the Parramatta Iliver, is off. Edwards is obliged to retire. The Minister for Public Instruction has decided to rescind the regulation adopted in 1873 whereby the department undertook to assist m the payment ot premiums on teachers' life assurances or annuities, and to supplement their savings banks deposits. The Sydney City Architect has been instructed to report in reference to the work in the basement rooms of the Town-Hall, the piling for the gentlemen's baths, Woolloomooloo, and painting George-street markets and the Exhibition-build- "Eyes as black as sloes, cheeks of cream, and snaky locks ol raven hue" have done their work iu Svdnev, which means that two of the Italian refugee girls have received good offers of marriage, one being from a well-to-do tradesman ot Georgestreet. The late active member for Parramatta, Mr. H. Taylor, obtained from the Government in 1878 .£100 to defray the expenses of planting trees in the town, and it is only now that the representatives of " Sleepy Hollow" are about to expend it. The Hon. George Thornton, M.L.C., has been elected president of the Sydney Rowing Club; Mr. T. L. Dibbs and Mr. E. L. Deloitte, vicepresidents ; Mr. P. J. Clark, captain; Mr. C. Deloitte, secretary ; and Mr. L. G. J. Bennett, treasurer. The Curator of Intestate Estates reports that there are no properly-arranged papers connected with the intestate estates, prior to 1872, to be found in the Curator's oflice, and that the papers in all the old intestate estates are in a very contused condition. Mr. Chalmers has translated the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, and Luke, and a catechism into the Port Moresby dialect; also 40 hymns, which the people can sing welL There is as steady work going on there as in any South Sea mission, although not quite eight years old. According to the returns prepared by Messrs. Bright Brothers and Co., the number of Chinamen who arrived in the Australasian colonies by the E. and A. Company's steamers during 1880 was 2564, while the number carried back to China during the same period was 2569. Great complaints are inade concerning the railway station at Goulburn. The produce loaded there on Friday does not leave before Tuesday morning. Sometimes there are no ropes, no sheets, sometimes no trucks, and it is considered utterly useless to complain to the department. We learn that Sempill's grey trotter " Soupcooler" covered the distance between Towrang aud Goulburn in less than three hours. It is stated that Ajax, the once famous trotter, who is near the district, will have to again enter the lists, if these times are repeated. The terrible loss of life in connection with the loss of the Tararua is inexplicable, if the ship was supplied with the mostrecent and well-proved lite saving apparatus. Captain Garrard, who was command of the steamer, was a brother of Mr. J. Garrard, the member for Balmain. So far as Chinese are concerned, the cry at Grafton is " Still they come." Within the past fortnight nearly 700 have passed through to the New England tin mines. One tin mine pro prietor has engaged no less than 1000 at the rate of 6s. per week and 7 lbs. rice per day. During the season just closed, 201,238 bales of wool were shipped from Sydney to Great Britain. To this may be added 1462 bales shipped to America, thereby making a total for the season of 202,700 bales, showing an increase over the previous season of 38,173 bales. The two employes at the Callen Park Asylum buildings who engaged iu a prize fight near the locality in which they worked, have been dis- missed by the contractor, and will, with a third man who abetted them, be proceeded against by the police on a charge of riotous conduct. The third intercolonial bowling contest between New South Wales and Victoria took place on Saturday last at Annaudale, and resulted, after an interesting contest, in a victory for this colony by 10 points, the respective totals being New South Wales 108, Victoria 98. The two previous matches were won by Victoria. The condition of affairs in Ireland is causing to the Imperial Government considerable trouble and apprehension. The Times declares that the country is in a worse state now than it was before the Government called Parliament together, and introduced legislation for the pacification of Ireland. The German Ambassador of London has forwarded an acknowledgment of the gold medal forwarded by the Sydney Exhibition Commission to the Emperor of Germany in remembrance of the Exhibition. His Majesty has " ordered that his Imperial thanks be communicated to the said Exhibition Commission." Mr. Walter Hill, for over twenty years curator of the Botanical Gardens at Brisbane, and who has only lately retired on a pension, is being prosecuted by the Government for removing some plants from his private garden to his new residence, the plants being claimed as Government property. With regard to ringbarking, of which we have heard a good deal lately, the Wagga Express Bay " it may prove interesting to our readers to know that yesterday (Monday last) the land agent, Mr. Korfl, received no less than seventy applications from Chinamen for licenses to engage in this particular industry." Mr. S. Ellis suggested at the general meeting that the board of directors of the A.M.P. Society ND WOPONOA ^^sssL'sfS-SS bv at least £350 per annum. . The Orange Slaughtering Company ^ve JMt completed the purchase of Bloomfield and i ate s Sract of well-watered ousto their other property. The refriger^ng machine is working maRnihcently. hanng r ^ tered 26° below zero. The company alr^j have on their books 20,000 sheep and 8001 cattle tor slaughter and freezing on squatters' accounts. Mr. E. L. Montefiore and Mr. E. Du Faur are thfrecipients of souvenirs from the members, of the late N.S.W. Academy of Art, in region of the valuable services they have rendered to art in this colony. Mr. Du Faur has not yet chosen his souvenir, but Mr. Montefiore s is a large cloth portfolio, handsomely ornamented and suitably inscribed. Mr. M'Elhone at a recent meeting expressed the hope that the working men would not allow themselves to be fooled on this occasion, as they had been fooled by Sir Henry Parkes m the past. If Sir Henry Parkes had been as sincere m trying to keep the Chinese out as he was in keeping his office and pay, we should have had a bill passed long ago. An approximate estimate of the popoulation of Bathurst, as prepared by the local registrar (Mr. Beuzeville), gives the total number of persons resident in the city at 7388—namely, 3819 males and 3569 females. This shows an increase in the population at the rate of 25 per cent, during the last ten years, the previous census giving the total at under 6000. Professor Smith, the chairman of the board of directors of the A.M.P. Society, states that for about five years that Society has overtopped all other British societies in the matter of new business ; and if affairs go on as they are doing they will be ahead of all of them in the matter of total annual revenue in the course of three or four years more. Even now there are only two societies ahead of them in total revenue. Mr. John Robertson, an old resident, who had almostreached his 102nd year, died at the residence of his granddaughter, the Dundee Arms, Sussex- street, Sydney, on Friday. Deceased was born in Dundee, Scotland, on the 13th August, 1779, and for some time carried on business in that town as a commission agent. He afterwards emigrated to New South Wales, arriving in Sydney about fiftyfour years ago. An ingenious plan was resorted to by a gentle man who has done a great deal in the way of pro viding homes for the Italian immigrants, to determine whether they were worthy ot his aid. On the occasion of his first visit he obtained permission to inspect the people's luggage. He says that if he had found it to consist of hurdygurdies and tambouriues he would have done nothing for them, but as he found axes and agricultural tools he did all he could. A special reporter of the S. D. Telegraph says, despite all assertions to the contrary, it is an indisputable fact that several Chinese merchants in Sydney, if they were not the prime movers in the irruption, were cognisant of it between two and three months ago ; and, further, if they chose to impart the knowledge in their possession at present regarding the numbers of Mongolians likely to arrive, the public excitement would be much greater than it is. The Ecommist of the 26th February observes : —" Taking the Australian colonies all in all, however, New South Wales stands out pre-eminently as tbe one offering the greatest attractions to emigrants from this country. Free trade is nourished, taxation is low, the supply of fairly fertile land is practically boundless, its herds are by far the most numerous in the entire group, and with moderately enlightened guidance we may with certainty anticipate the most rapid development." At tbe Bourke Quarter Sessions a Chinaman named Sam Yang was charged with intended burglary. On being asked if he understood Eng- lish, he promptly answered, " No !" and on being asked if he was guilty, he said, " Not guilty," and laughed as if he would add, " It is perfectly ridi culous to suppose that I am guilty." He was acquitted ot the charge, but " retained" to answer another and more serious one, of which he was convicted and sentenced to twelve months' hard labor. Mr. J. O. Gilchrist asked the chairman of the A.M.P. Society meeting on the 27th:—" If, instead of going on securing new lives and new premiums, they were to wind up the society this year or next year, how would the society stand ? Would it pay off its liabilities and leave a large surplus ?" The Chairman : " If the society were stopped at the end of the next quinquennium, there would be about £1,000,000 surplus." Mr. Black, the society's actuary,added: "Approximately, making a profit at the rate of £200,000 a year." Tenders have been received for making altera tions in the interior of the Garden Palace. It is proposed to utilise the building for purposes more or less of a public character. Already the basement is occupied—one portion by the Railway Department, another by census enumerators, and a third by the Harbors and Rivers Department. Space will be provided on the principal floor for a technological museum, a mining and mineralogical museum, for the Linnean and other learned societies, and the Fisheries Commission. There is a little school at Brocklehurst, about four miles-from Dubbo. A tank is required to be supplied (writes the Dubbo Dispatch) and som s guttering fitted to the teacher's residence there. The job is such a one as a private individual wouldn't think of calling tenders for, and if he did he would not go beyond the street in which he lived. Yet the Public Instruction Department calls for tenders, and in order, we suppose, that our people may go from home to find news, ,the advertisement is placed in. the Mudgee paper. The Maiiland Mercury says that it is really vexing to find in a journal like the PaU Mall Gazette the statement that the colonists of New South Wales, after a long trial of protection, have found out that to impose taxes on the imports of goods from the mother country is simply to restrict the market for their own agricultural produce in tbe shape ot wool, hides, and frozen meat Tbe doctrine is sound, but the writer has mistaken the sinner. New South Wales never walked in the ways of protection, and has not been recently converted to free trade. Mr. Melville pointed out at the late anti- Chinese meeting in Sydney that a mistake had been made in saying that the bill formerly introduced only permitted the captain of a steamer to carry one Chinese passenger for every hundred tons register of the steamer. The bill, as it passed the Legislative Assembly and was presented to the Council, contained a clause to the effect that no vessel should be permitted to bring Chinese passengers to any part of the colony in a greater proportion than one passenger to every 10 tons, according to the vessel's registered tonnage. Rush's challenge did not bring forth a prompt acceptance on the part ot Laycock, who, it is said, did not find his friends rally round him quite so numerously as at his public landing. Rush was just about to depart after a fruitless mission, when a verbal arrangement was come to between the scullers that they are to row for £200 aside a fortnight before the race for the " Walker Whisky Trophy." Rush is importing a couple of outriggers from Swaddle and Winship, and they should be here by that date. Laycock has brought two or three of Jewett's outriggers with him, in one of which he won the Hop Bitters race. The Wcslcyan Advocate is grimly humorous in its references to the men who have migrated to the Anglican fold. It says:—"The men who leave us may find something better elsewhere; let us hope, if we doubt. A story has reached us that one of these escapees is appointed to a ' cure' which was very effective on its late incumbent, who left because he could not stand 4 both starvation and heat.' He says that he could have endured either by itself: could have starved in the cold, or'lived in the heat, if he could have got any stipend ; but starvation and scorcbation together have driven him from his ( cure,' and an escaped preacher is sent in his place. It says something for us that we are believed to be able to live where no other class of ministers can." In the Supreme Court, Sydney, a few days since. Sir William Manning presiding, Dr. Donovan, instructed by Messrs. M'Cartby, Robertson, and Fisher, moved to commit Mr. Montagu Levien Salomon for contempt of court. Salomon was executor to Matilda Stigglr. By his account, on November 16,1880, in the Ecclesiastical Court, he admitted that he was possessed of a balance of £976. On March 22,1881, Mr. Justice Hargrave ordered him to pay the sum of £898 to the residuary legatees. This order had been made a rule of court. The money not having been paid, the legatees obtained on April 20 a rule nisi to attach Mr. Salomon for contempt. Sir William Manning made the order absolute, and committed Mr. Salomon. The rapid exodus of bard-up emigrants from New Zealand (observes the Newcastle Herald) has been remarkable of late. During the past couple of days 140 fresh arrivals have taken place in Newcastle. The Malay, jrom Wellington, brought 18 ; the G. M. Tucker, from the same port, 26 ; and the Frederick Bassill, from Dunedin, 96. This total includes a number of women and children, whilst the whole appear a highly respectable and well-clad class of persons. It is said that a great number of the male portion are about proceeding to accept work on the Messrs. Proudfoot's works, on tbe railwav extension between Tamworth and Uralla. The condition of affairs amongst the laboring classes iu the locilities from whence the immigrants have arrived is described as at the very lowest possible ebb. An interesting episode iu connection with tbe survivors of the New Ireland immigrants now in the Agricultural Hall, Sydney, came to light recently. Among the families decimated by privation was one in which there was a hamdsome, and in every way presentable young woman, who on arriving here was left almost alone in the world. Among those whom curiosity or a desire to assist led to the hall was a young Italian, who, though he had left his native land for many years, felt an interest in its children. He conversed with them in his long-unused native tongue, and after a time conceived an affection for the young woman referred to. One day last week he applied to "engage" her, and on being questioned it turned out that the two had arranged for a very permanent engagement, as they are to be married. The bridegroom elect is a steady, industrious man, and well able to provide his homeless inamorata with the comforts of home life. All will join in wishing them joy. An important decision under the provisions of tbe Land Act, of much interest to tree selectors, has just been given by the Hon. the Minister of Lands. The facts are briefly these. A free selector, named John Pierce, of Bruugle, near Gundagai, took up two conditional purchases, comprising in the aggregate 400 acres, on the 26th November, 1874, and 3rd August, 1876, respectively. Failing to comply satisfactorily with the conditions of the Act, the selections were, after due inquity before the district commissioner, forfeited to the Crown, on the ground of non-residence and insufficient improvements, and gazetted as such on the 23rd June last year. Pierce being naturally e dissatisfied with this untoward decision, placed his case in the hands of a Sydney land agent, Mr. James Carroll, and, through the action of that gentleman, the case was a second time referred to the district commissioner for further inquiry in open court, thereby enabling the claimant to advance additional evidence in support of his claim. The result was that last week the fori feiture of both selections was reversed. The directors of the Berrima Coal-mining and I Railway Company met at the mines on Saturday d (eays the Goulbum Herald, of April 27), and in- Bpected the works in progress. They were well 3 eatisfied with the work done, and there is every t reason to expect thatcoal from this mine will soon be in the market. The tunnels are well advanced a and will be completed in about three weeks, when i they and the incline will lie connected, and very a shortly thereafter it will be possible to bring coal to the surface. The winding- engine, boiler, and drum are now being made by the Atlas Company of Sjdnev, and forty small trucks are nearly completei. The screening-platform and screen I are nearly finished, and a commencement has been made with the levelling, &c.;, for tramway and branch lines near the mines. The directors instructed their engineer at once to prepare specifications for the earth-work of the tramway to Moss Vale, and advertisements will be forthwith inserted in the newspapers for this work and for the supply of rails. Persons who have seen the coal in the tunnel speak of it in the highest terms, and the miners say it is equal to any in | the colony. 