THE LITTLE OLD GENTLEMAN WITH THE FRILL. By the Author of " The Mysteries of Heron Dyke," etc. ' HT. It was was not till the fourth evening after my friend's departure that I determined to avail myself of the privilege he had conceded me. In the course of the afternoon I called at the lodge and obtained Pettigrew's keys, but it was not till 8 o'clock, when all was dark and quiet, that I left my rooms for his. I took my lamp, some Blotches, my slippers, an ulster, a case of sandwiches, a flask of brandy, my meerschaum, and two or three books. Should I find it requisite to do so, I was prepared to pass the night without going to bed. As soon as I had lighted my lamp I turned to the fireplace, and finding that the fire was laid ready for lighting, I stuck a match into it, and in a few minutes a cheerful blaze was leaping up the chimney. Then I proceeded to make a closer examination of the room which had so attracted my curiosity when gazing at it from over the way. It was a larger room than mine, and its walls were panelled half-way up with some dark work. It had an elaborate marble chimney-pieces, carved with fruits and flowers, and Satyrs that danced merrily to their own piping. A door in one corner opened into my friend's bedroom. This door 1 carefully looked, as I did also the outer door, which gave on to the staircase. Then I sat down in Tom's capacious easy chair, and made my dispositions for a comfortable evening. As I lighted my meerschaum, and opened my book, the clock on the chimney-piece pointed to half-past 8. At my elbow was a low oval mahogany table, on the other side of which I had taken the precaution to place another easy chair in readiness for my expected guest It was certainly my intention to keep as wide awake as ever I had been in my life, and for an hour and a half or more I fully carried out my intention ; but after that the fire was so comfortable, my meerschaum was so soothing, the book I was reading was so dull-a soft drowsy languor crept over me ; I blinked at the sun and the fire blinked back at me ; my eyes closed, and opened again ; I gave a sudden start, thinking I was about to fall, and in an instant I was as wide awake as ever I had been. Then I saw that, without my having seen , or heard him enter, the Little Old Gentleman with the Frill was there, sitting in the chair opposite me. He was dressed precisely as when I first saw him, the only difference in his appearance being that this evening he wore a pair of gold-rimmed spectacles. He was engaged in reading a deed or document of some kind just as Pettigrew had described him, his eyes following the lines slowly, as though he were carefully taking in the sense of what he was reading. _ The document seemed to consist of five or six folios in all, which he turned over, one after another, with quiet deliberation, occasionally smiling to himself as though some particular paragraph were especially pleasing. It was with a very strange sense of the absolute unreality of what before me looked so absolute and real, that I sat there without stirring or speaking. My mental faculties were perfectly cool and collected, while yet I was in- wardly shaken by unaccountable thrills and vague tremors of the nerves which I was power- less entirely to control. For the first time in my life I felt I was in the presence of something which my reason could neither analyse not account for. In any case it was an entirely \- fresh experience, and for me a fresh experience of any kind has always an unaccountable fasci- nation. If I took no notice of the little old gentleman, he certainly took none of me, but went on with his reading till he had reached the last line, then he deliberately folded up the document, and taking a pencil out of his waistcoat pocket, he wrote a few words on the back of it. Then he rose, and taking the document in his hand, he crossed to the fireplace. My eyes were closely watching his every movement. What was he about to do next 1 Was he about to burn the document he had been reading ? but if so, why had he been at the trouble of endorsing it J When he reached the fireplace he paused for a moment or two, as if in doubt, then, having apparently made up his mind to a certain course, he laid his left hand on the chimney piece, and pressing strongly with the ball of his thumb on a portion of the carved work-an scorn-it yielded to the pressure, sinking into a cavity or socket, and as it did so, one of the small panels of the wainscoting close to the side of the fireplace fell back, revealing a recess behind. Within this recess he laid the paper he had been reading, then he withdrew his thumb from the acorn, and the panel sprang back to its place. Whatever might be the nature of the document, it was effectually concealed from all save those who knew the secret of its hiding-place. And now for the first time the little old gentleman turned his eyes towards me. The expression on his face had changed to one of sadness, of intense melancholy. Gravely, mourn- fully, his eyes met mine, piercing, as it were, into their very depths, and asking me, or so I divined, some question which must remain for ever unasked in any other way. But even while we were looking thus earnestly at each other the little old gentleman began to fade and grow dim. I was powerless to move or speak, while yet being fully aware of all that was passing before me. fainter and fainter he grew till I could discern nothing but a vague outline of thin, filmy vapour, while I had the feeling still upon me that he was getting into my eyes. Suddenly I was startled by the falling of a mass of burning coal in the rita. I turned my head for a moment ; when looked again the little old gentleman had vanished ; I was alone. At the same instant I fancied that I heard a long, low sigh breathed through the room ; but the wind outside was beginning to rise, and it might be nothing more than that which I heard. It is no exaggeration to say that I seemed to breathe more freely as soon as I felt that I was alone. For the while I sat without Stirring, thinking over all that I had just witnessed. Supposing that Pettigrew had not treated the little old gentleman after such a summary and discourteous fashion and, to say the least, it was discourteous to make him a target for pistol practice would there have been enacted before him the same scene that had been enacted before me and was it because it was imperative that he should show to some one-no matter, perhaps, to whom-that which he had shown to me, that the old gentleman's ghostly faculties were troubled, and that he could not rest quietly in his grave 1 Questions, these, easy to ask, but not easily to be answered. Judging from all ghostly precedents that I had ever heard or read of the little old gentleman must have had some particular object in Oswin acting before me as he had acted. Doubtless the document he had been reading was an important document, and it was not without a purpose that he had made me acquainted with its hiding-place. What was that purpose ? Was the document still hidden in the recess b. in the panel, and was it intended that I should be the means of discovering it and bringing it to light ? ' I could see the very scorn which the ghost had pressed with his thumb ; would it yield as rapidly to the more material pressure of my thumb? I determined to put it to the test without delay. Before I was five minutes older I had shattered the secret of the panel The recess Jay "¡P8]» before me, and there, inside it, was a neatly folded document, exactly similar in Ue ,Ba,8PP«a»nce to the document I had seen the little old gentleman deposit there. It was not without a feeling of wonder mingled with awe that I lifted it out of the hiding , Place where it and upon untouched for knew . not how many years, and where it might have remained undiscovered for a hundred years to come but for the strange experience vouch issued me The pain sprang back to its place the moment J. removed my thumb. Taking the document to the lamp I there read the endorsement on it, | which ran as follows : The Last Will and Marment of George Dacre, gentleman, of Loom says, in the County of Suffolk, and of Corew's Brings, Fleet-street, London.", Then came E! <Üto» corner twenty years anterior to the that of my finding the will, and the name and drama of th««Uwyer by whom it had been -vi drawn op-a certain Mr. Hatchery, of Gray's Inn. Below the endorsement a few words, faintly traced in pencil, could still be read " Thank Heaven I I have been reconciled to my dear boy before it was too late." The next thing I did was to sit down, and deliberately read the will from beginning to end. what its contents were will appear later on. Then taking the document with me, I went back to my own rooms. My first object after breakfast next morning was to endeavour to ascertain whether Mr. Kutchery were still alive, and still a resident of Gray's Inn. The Law Directory would supply me with the required information. On reference I found Mr. Rutchery's name still there, and as the clock was striking eleven I was knocking at his office door. "Do I know anything of the Last Will and Testament of the late Mr. George Dacre, of Loom Hall, Suffolk ? " said Mr. Butchery, in answer to a question put by me. "I wish to Heaven I knew what had become of it, or where it is hidden and if you, sir, can only tell me where it may be found, I will write you a cheque form thousand pounds on the spot !" My answer was to place in his hands the document so strangely found by me. " The very same 1 the very will drawn up by myself, and so unaccountably missing when Mr. Dacre died!" he exclaimed. " For years I hoped against hope that it would one day turn up, but I must confess that of late I have given up all thought of ever seeing it again. How, in the name of all that's wonderful, did it come into your possession 1" In answer to this I merely gave Mr. Kutchery to understand that I had lighted on the secret of the recess by accident, and had there found the will. Then he and I had a long talk. A brief summary of the narrative he gave me is all that it will be requisite to set down here. Mr. Dacre, of Loom Hall, had only one child, a son, Frank by name, with whom, early in the life of the young man, he had a serious quarrel The result was that Master Frank left home, went abroad, and in tho course of two or three years, greatly to his father's chagrin-who was duly informed of the event-he married the daughter of a Canadian settler. Then it was that Mr. Dacre made a will, bequeathing all that he was possessed of, except a legacy of two thousand pounds to his son, to his nephew, Philip Broderick. Years passed on without altering the state of affairs, and in the course of time Frank Dacre and his wife found themselves in England. How it was brought about I could not rightly learn, but, however that may have been, father and son were reconciled after a quarrel which had lasted over a dozen years Then it was that Mr. Doors had a fresh will drawn up, which exactly reversed the provisions of the first one young Broderick was to have a legacy of £2,000, while the estate and the rest of the personalty were to go to Frank. Mr. Dacre at this time, passed a considerable part of his life at his chambers in Carew's Buildings. When a young man he had had rooms close by and he still clung to the old familiar neighbourhood. When the second will was drawn up by Mr. Kutchery, it was taken charge of by Mr. Dacre himself, who stated that it would be found after his death, together with other papers, in ] his bureau at the Hall. Six weeks later Mr. Dacre was found dead in his bed at Carew's ' Buildings, and the second will was nowhere to be found. Not only was the second will missing, but the first will was still in existence, and after waiting ' what seemed to him a decent length of time, Mr. Philip Broderick proceeded to act upon it. As it was impossible to dispute his claim the will was proved, and he at once took possession of Loom Hall, while Frank Dacre was perforce obliged to content himself with the legacy of two thousand pounds. a Put twenty years had come and gone since those events took place, and both Frank Dacre and Philip Broderick had been dead some time. Frank had died a disappointed man, whose steps ill-fortune seemed ever to dog. His widow was living in straitened circumstances at a little town in the Midlands. Mrs. Broderick was still living at Loom Hall. In neither case was there any family. " What a change in the circumstances of Mrs. Dacre the finding of this document will make," said the lawyer in conclusion. " The rent-roll of the Loom Hall estates is a clear two thousand five hundred a year. It will seem more like the realisation of a fairy tale than sober reality. " " What will it seem like to Mrs. Broderick ?" I asked. a Mr. Kutchery smiled and shrugged his shoulders. " She has had a pretty good innings, he said, " and as she is a careful woman I have no doubt that she has a nice sum put away somewhere. If only she is sensible enough to take a proper view of matters we shan't treat her very hardly." , Mr. Kutchery pressed me strongly to accompany him when he went in person to communicate the good news to Mrs. Dacre, " She is one of the most charming women I ever met, he said, "and she will be everlastingly grateful to you." " For doing what I could not help, I answered, with a laugh. " There is nothing to be grateful for." IV. Three days passed, and on the fourth there came a note from Mrs. Dacre, written in terms too complimentary to be set down here. She promised to write me further, and arrange for a personal meeting, as soon as she should find herself in London. About a week later I received another note, this time from my dear Winifred, the reading of which afforded me infinitely more pleasure than Mrs, Diicre's had done. Winifred, who was governess in a wealthy family in Yorkshire, had been granted a short holiday, and was coming to London to spend it with some distant relatives and with me, top, or so I flattered myself. We had not met for fifteen months, and the thought that I should see her so soon again was enough to drive everything else out of my mind for that, time being. I almost forgot the existence of such a person as Mrs. Dacre. Winifred came in due course, and took up her quarters at the house of a half-cousin, a ( City clerk, who dwelt in Merrie Islington. We had not been long together before I told her I all about the finding of the will, and she was the only person to whom I had hitherto re- ' vealed tho whole of the circumstances, " All that you told me about the various appearances of the little old gentleman with the frill is singular," she remarked, with a half-sceptical shake of the head-" very singular, indeed ;" and that was the utmost expression of opinion that I could elicit from her. I was somewhat piqued, and determined never to mention another word about the little old gentleman to any one. That it was very singular" I knew myself already, but from Winifred I certainly looked for implicit credence in any statement I might choose to make, however remarkable such statement might be. I turned the conversation, perhaps a little abruptly. " But you have told me scarcely anything about yourself," I said. " Are you comfortable ? Are the people you live with nice people ? Do they treat you kindly ?" " I am not comfortable, and I am not going back again," was the answer, as she turned her deep, serious eyes full upon me. > " Good gracious ! I had no idea of that. There was nothing in your letters to lead me, to suppose anything of the kind." I "It was no good crying out till I could see my way to a change." " " And can you see you way to one now s' I asked. , t " I think so. In any case I can . advertise, as I have had to do before." " What a hateful necessity ! Is there no way of avoiding' it ?" " I "know of none, with a little pathetic shake of the head. " Do you 1 " ' "Yes. Marry me." ' i s Winifred poured her pretty lips, but the joy that danced in her pretty eyes belied the pou";. " I thought we had discussed all that before, and settled that it could not be ¡ "Then we must have been great cowards when we settled anything of the kind. The idea of having to face a little poverty frightened of both. As if happiness were dependent on the amount of one's income ! We love each other at least I love you." ' , > II "And I you-I can't help it," sighed What fred. But her eyes were still brimming over with mischief, ' l " Then what more is necessary ? Let us be rash. Let us do something at which all our friends and relations will hold up their hands in horror and astonishment Let us get married I" |( I have fifty pounds saved up," murmured Winifred, with an absent look through the window. "And I about as many pence. But I am promised eighty guineas for my Beauties of Conf uous when it is finished and my Aunt Barbara always said that I should have her silver teapot when I married." , " I have always thought that I should like a silver teapot," mused Winifred. " There is nothing so nice when you have company." _ Evidently she was in a yielding mood, another time she might not be so complaisant. I stole an arm round her waist, drew her to me, and kissed her. " To-day is Thursday, I said. " On Monday I will go to Doctors' Commons and obtain a special licence, and we will be married on the 15th your birthday darling, the happiest day we could choose." A quick startled look leapt into her eyes, and then her cheeks flushed rosy red. "Do you really mean what you say, Horace?" she asked. My only answer was a closer pressure of her waist and another kiss. She turned for a moment, and gazed into my eyes as if she would read my inmost heart. Then she slid her fingers shyly in mine, her head drooped on my shoulder, and on my hand there fell a sudden tear. The preparations for the wedding went rapidly forward. It was decided that, for a time at least, and till our future arrangements could be made, Winifred and I should take up our quarters with her cousin at Islington. The wedding would necessarily have to be a very quiet affair, and a week at Ventnor was all that we should be able to afford in the way of honeymoon. All this time I had had no further communication either from Mr. Kutchery or Mrs. Dacre. " It seems dreadfully ungrateful," said Winifred to me one day, " 'Tis but the way of the world, dear." " But after all that Mrs. Dacre said in her letter I-and such a nice letter as it was 1" " You are too impatient. We shall no doubt hear from Mrs. Dacre by-and-by." " I am not so sure of that. It is now nearly a month since she wrote. Had I been in her place-" " You would, no doubt, have wanted to rush off and embrace me without delay. You can do it now." "Does serious for five minutes. If Mrs Dacre, now, had only bought our wedding cake I". "She is a widow, you know, and widows are dangerous. Instead of buying our wedding cake she might, perhaps, have wanted me to marry her." " What a chance for you t Two thousand five hundred pounds a year I" " And what an escape for you 1" The wedding day came, as all days bright and dark, good and bad, come in their appointed time. I reached Islington betimes almost before I was wanted there but it would never have done to be late on such A morning. When I was ushered into the little parlour by the City cousin, who was to give Winifred away, I found a stranger there-a pleasant-looking middle-aged lady, whom I had never seen before. "This is Aunt Lucy, whom you have no doubt often heard Winifred speak about," said the cousin. " She has come up purposely from the country to be present at the ceremony." i I thought it very kind of Aunt Lucy to be at so much trouble, and I did not fail to tell her so. She and I grew quite chatty and confidential while the bride and bridesmaids were putting on their bonnets and gloves. Well the knot was tied at last Winifred Mallory had an existence no longer, but Winifred Boncastle, just now all tears and smiles, made a very excellent substitute. ' We were ushered into the vestry to complete I the requisite formalities. " We must have you I as a witness, Aunt Lucy," said Winifred. "Of course you must my dear," answered Aunt Lucy. She was the last to affix her name to the register. I was looking over her shoulder while she wrote. Lucy Dacre." I looked at her and she looked at me. Then I she broke into a laugh. " Do I look particularly foolish 1" I asked. "You certainly have a somewhat sheepish look," was her reply. And well I might have. Was poor man ever more completely "sold " I need hardly add that the Mrs. Dacre to whom I had been the means of rendering such a peculiar service proved to be none other than the dear Aunt Lucy of whom I had heard Winifred so often speak. The rest will be readily understood. There had been a regular conspiracy between the two of which I had been the innocent victim. " See whether he loves you well enough to marry you without a ' teacher,' " Aunt Lucy had said and that innocent-eyed Winifred had actually felt no compunction in seconding her scheme of deception ! But the lesson has not been without its uses. When my wife puts on that peculiarly simple and innocent look, I always suspect her of some ulterior design. I am not so readily deceived nowadays. We did not go to Ventnor after all, but to Italy for a couple of months. When we got back to London from our wedding tour, we found a letter awaiting us from Aunt Lucy, in which we were threatened with all kinds of pains and penalties if we did not set out for Loom Hall with the least possible delay. It was a summons which we were only too glad to obey. It was dark when we reached' the Hall. After our greetings were over I walked up to the drawingroom fire to warm my chilly fingers. As I did so I saw something that made me start. It was a miniature-a miniature painted on ivory after the style in vogue when our grandfathers and grandmothers were in their prime. " " That is the likeness of my poor Frank's i father," said Aunt Lucy, whose eyes had followed the direction of mine. "It was his will, I you know, that you brought to light in such a singular manner Aunt Lucy had never been told in how singular a manner. " It is an excellent likeness," she added, " but of course you , can know nothing about that. He died when you could have been little more than an in- fact" And yet it seemed to me that I was looking at the face of an old acquaintance, seeing that down to the most minute particular it was the likeness of my Little Old Gentleman with the Frill. _ 