THE LAUREATE'S NEW PLAT AT THE LYCEUM, LONDON. (FROM BRIES'.) On Monday, January 3, Mr. Tonnyson's now tragic play, entitled "The Cup," was produced nt this thoatro, Mr. Henry Irving and Miss Ellon Torry bearing tho principal charaoterB. "Wo may at once promise that tho play, BO far as can ba judged from tho enthusiasm of the audience, must bo pronounced a complote and groat BUCCOBB. It ÍB decidedly an advance in all ways on Mr. Tennyson's provious essays as a dramatist. Tho story ia classic, and is to some degroo referable to an old play by Thomas Corneillo, founded on a talo in " Plutarch." There is, too, a Gorman "' Camma," wbioh enjoyed somo popularity- perhaps on account of ita patriotic sen timonta-during tho period of tho war of Liberation; and that there is an Italian "Camma" in which Madame Ristori has gained renown, all of which doiil with tho samo tragio episode. The atory ia this :-Synorix, who had boon tetrarch of Galatia, having got into bad reputo with tho people, had to loavo in disgrace Baoked by the Bomana ho roturns, and with their army plots to regain bia lost position. Ho has for yoara cherished an ardent pas- sion for Camma, tho wifo of Sinnatna, who haB BUO ooedod him in tho totrarohato. To win her confidonoo and establish himaolf, as ho hopos, in her good graces, Synorix prosonts hor with a goldon onp that ho pro- tends to have rosoucd from tho Tomplo of Artemis, which had beon sot on firo by tho invading soldiery. Furthermore ho givoa Camma to undorstand that hor husband has fallon into disgraoo with tho Romano, who Buapcot him of designs suborsivo of thoir rulo. If abo would aavo him from death by torture abo has but ono conreo, to appeal in person to tho moroy of Antonius, tho goueral, who is so tondor-hoartod that no woman over sued to him in vain. So Synorix ad- vises ; and trusting him aho rosolvos to tako his oounaol. Under tho pretext of desiring to plaoo tho cop in its fitting plaoo, tho ßhrino of Artemia, sho loaves hor huBband'o houso and proooode to tho spot outsido Galatia whoro, ,as tho Buppooos, Antonius will bo waiting to give hor nn intorviow. But instoad I of bim aha findB Synorix, . Ho earnestly implores her to accompany him to tho camp, bnt sho sternly re« j fasoB. Ho tries to oompol her. Sho draws her dagger . and TOWS to kill horsolf rather than yiold to bia. en- treaty. A atmgglo onsnoa. It ia interrupted by th« appearance of tho indignant and infuriated Sinnatua, who flioB at tho throat of tho traitor. But Sync ' rix Í8 tho stronger or tho moro export man and doa patohos tho unhappy husband at a blow with his wife's weapon. So ends tho first aot. Tho soeno of tho aeoond is tho temple of Artemia, a magnificent intoñor. Hore wo find tho widowed Gamma installed as ohiof prienteoo. Synorix ros tor id to favour, and advanood by tho Bomana to tho dignity of King, deputes a noble of bis Court to solicit hor hand in marriage. To tho nmazomont of nil prosont, she signifies her assont, and puta on tho orown tho King sonda ber.¡ Tho ceremonies of coronation hoing oonolndod outside, Synorix entera tho tomplo in regal robes and olaims his beautiful : Quoon. Sho reooives him with a sweet smile, , assuring him that sho will be truo to him till he dies.. - But she reminds him that it is customary in Galatia that tho brido and bridogroom shall drink of tho samo cup and offer a libation to tho goddeaa. To this ho freely-all too freoly-nssonta. With muoh 8plondour and solemnity of ceremonial, tho'.; golden cup ia brought out from beneath the Bhrino. Tho Queen ia tho first to quaff of it. Sho honda it to hor lord, Baying, , " Drink, and ffdrink dooplv if yon would make me happy," Ho does BO, and BO doing meets hiß fate. Both bride and bridegroom hayo partaken of tho samo poisoned chalice. Tho avongor dooma her victim to woo oternal with her dying lipa, but dies happy in tho belief that she will soon join her lost Sinnatua in Elyaium. And so tho ourtain falls. Mr. Irving, aa ; Synorix, ployed snporbly. and his fine noting waa admirably supported by Miss Ellon Torry as Camma. . Her tender lovo for hor husband and hor hatred of his betrayer, were portrayod with wonderful fidelity "; to nature, while Mr. Terris played Sinnatua with much forco and fooling. Wo will now proceed to give some extraots as illustrations of tbo poetry of ' this fine play. Whon Camma ia waiting, in Act I., ' for her husband, sho Binga, in a oharaoteristic lyrio I of tho Lauroate's, of her hunger for his return from M tho chase as follows :- , I Moon on tho field and tho foam, , .,. . ï Moon on tho wnHto and tho wold, - , Moon bring him homo, bring him homo, Safo from tho dark and tho eold, Home, swDotmoon, bring him homo, . Home with tho Hook and tho fold, , Safe from tho wolf- . Tho lore song is interrupted by the rough but hon «it husband with a warm ombraoo, arguing ill for the sue. t cess of Synorix. But tho treacherous ex-tetraroh ia ¡ no chamber lover. Ho too can hunt, and priories in tho ohaso, for ho says, eyeing all tho while, with dark norco glancos, his unsuspicious hoßt : My good Lord Sinnatus, I once was at tho huntinR of a lion. . Housed by the clamour of tho obaRc, ho woke, > -. Camo to the front of tho wood-bis monarch mane ...¡ Bristled about his quick ears. Ho stood thero Staring- upon thc hunter. A score of doss ?? ? ~<i Gnawed athis ancles. At tho last ho felt ,v Tho troublo ofhis feet, put forth ono paw, Slow four mid know it not ; and BO remained Staring- upon thc hunter. And this Iîomo "Will crush you if you wrestle with her. I It ia only by btratagom that Synorix oan prevail im :; ¡ his wicked pursuit of Camma ; and, proying upon her : fears for her husband's safety, ho warns her of his danger, tells her how hor lord ia . marked down as tho prey of ornel Rome, and urgea r hor to meet him by tho Templo of Artomia alone, , there to oncountor Antonius, Ambassador from Rome, in whoso hands is her husband's fato. Sho goes',',' armod with a dagger. It had been a sweet and pathetic parting with tho husband Bho was doomed io ' sovor from for ever, <?.? Sho who had boon doscribed ia this beautiful simile- . ¡i-f Tho lark first takes tho sunlight on his wing ; ¡ But you, twin-sistor of tho morning star, . Forolead tho sun had some strango, foars when Bhe, looking Upon the , fading landscape, rich with glow of summer time, recalled her early and her unchanged lovo for Sba- ! , natus- ". ' Ho is gone already ; O, look-yon grovo upon tho mountain whito ? i' i In tho sweet moon, as with a lovelier snow; . But what a blotch of blackness underneath ; Sinnatus, yon remember-yea, you must, .'',''"' i That thero, three yonrs ago, tho vast vino-bowers M ? Ban to tho summit of tho trees, and dropt . Their streamers earthward, which a breeze of Hay Took ever and anon and opened out, . ; Tho purplo zono of lilli and boa Yen- thoro < You told your love ; and lileo tho swaying vinos, . , Yea, with our eyes, our hearts, «ur nronkct hopes, ¿et in tho happy distanoo, nnd that all But cloudless heaven which wo have found together In our threo married years. You kissed mo thea For tho first timo. Sinnntiis, kiss mo nowl Tho dreaded meeting is tragic. Synorix, whoBd passionate aooonts have unshoathcd tho dagger of ; Camma, and whoso love- burdon haB been overboard , by Sinnatns, tho husband, is branded aa a eodnoor, and tauntod with tho opprobrina words " adulterous dog." Tho wily Synorix forthwith with ono snatch disarms tho woman, then suddenly slays hor húftband, 1 who has pounced upon him from behind. Camma flies ' for rofu=o to tho Tomplo of Artemis, and ero tho doors havo closed upon her tho murderer, Synorix,'. thus soliloquises over tho dead body of his hated rival :- . i Adulterous dog ! that rod-faced rage at me ; .? : ; Then with ono quick shore stab-eternal pcacoj So end all passions. Then whnt uso in pasaloni ? " ' To warm the cold bounds of our dying lifo, And, lest wo freozo iu mortal apathy, : .! Ï .Employ us, heat us, quiclton us, help us, keop us Prom soeimr all too near that urn, thoso aslios y ' Which nil must bc. AVo'l used they sorvo ns woll. ' - ' I I heard a snTiiig in Egypt that ambition . . . Is like tho sea wave, whiob, tho moro you drink ?? ¡ ?? i Tho moro you thirst. Yea ! drink too much, ns men /* Havo douo on rafts of wreck, it drives you ruadl ' ' I will bo no such wreck, nm no such gamester ii - As, having won tho stake, fro playing on -, To double it, or loso all. Tho Kornau Señalo, ' '' , ' . . Por I havo always played into their hands, ' "''. Sloans mo tho Crown, and Cnmmn for my brido. ' V1 Tho pooplo lovo hor-if I win her love .'. < , t Thoy, too, will cloavo to mo, as ono with her, , \, Thero, then, I rest, Eomo's tributary Kine. . . ? olio hntli escaped mo. ? .< \- ,i ? . Ho saved my lifo-it seemed BO. DIdhoP Dead. : ,r Why did I etriko him P Having proof enough, . >. ??. Against tho man, I surely should havo loft This stroko to Itomo, I have played tho suddon fool« ' " That, too, Rots her airainpt mo for tho moment. ' ; ' I Oaimna; Well, woll, I never found tho woman ?,. I could not torco or whoedlo to my will. Sho willbo triad at last to woar my crown, And I will mako Galatia prosperous, too, And wo will ohhp among our vinos, and smile At bygone things, till that eternal peace. At last, Synorix fnlly triumphs. Honours havo been rained on his head, his ambition lina boo« satisfied with tho tributary orown grantod him by.Homo, and now ba wants but ono thing-tho hand of Gamma, high priostosB of tho rites of Artomis. Ho would bid nor " olasp the hand, rod with tho Baerod blood of. Siunatus," nnd ho doRpatohoa messengers to tho Tom plo whoro tho vengeance- brooding woman, ' oxquisito in hpr graoo, and robod in drapery «eeo." ' . ' ' \>: (!"; I . îngl*f-spur* from prossamor, waits tho 'dooree of fató Thia ia her anawor aa tho shoats proolaim the advent of hor orowuod lord and King : *' Synorlx I Synorix I So thoy cried Sinnatns Not so long nineo-thoy Bicken nie. Their Bluold-borno patriot ot tho morning star Hang'd at mid-day-their traitor of tho.dawn. Tho olnmour'd darling ot tho afternoon ; And that samo hoad thoy would havo played at bnll with. And Mck'd it featuroloss-thoy now would orown." . * * * * . Toll him thoro ls ono shadow among tho shadows, One ghost of all tho ghosts-ns yot so now, So s tran go among them-such au alien thoro. So much of husband in it still, that if Tho shout of Synorix and Cninma sitting Upon, ono throne should reach it4 it would riso. Ho-ho-with that rod star betwdon his ribs And my knife there, and blast tho King mid me And all tho crowd with Jvorro.r. Idtro not, sir, Throno lina-and then tho marringa-ay, and tell him That I accept tho diadem of Galatia, -X~on, that you sjp mo crown myself withal. And wait him, his crowned Qaeou The droadfnl end, however, io now noar. Gamma oonsents to marry tho cruol Synorix, hut Bho drugs tho marriago oup with a deadly poison, and thus, at last, wreaks hor vougoañoo for the murder of her husband. Tho subjoined passago brings thia aplaudid play to its terrible tragic end. Caroma. Though has drunk deep enough, to maleo mehappy. Dost thou not feel tho lovo I boar to theo Glow through thy veins ? Synorix. Tho lovo I hear to theo Glows through my voins tinco ilrst I looked-oil theo. , Bat wherefore slur tho perfect ceromonr? \ The Sovorelgn of Galatia weds his Queen, ' Jjot all bo dono to tho fullest in thc sight '. Of all tho Gods. (Ho staggers). r , - This pain. What is it again ? .' I had a touch of this last year in Rome. Tes, yoB ; your arm. I reel beneath tho weitfht Of utter loy-this all top happy dny Crown, Queen, at once. A momout-it will pass. O, allyoGods! Jupiter! Jupiter! * '. Camma.DoBt though cry out iipon the gods of Homo That art Galatiau born ? Our Artemis Has vanquished their Diann. Synorix. I am poisoned. Lot hor »ot fly. Oamma, Havo I not drunk of tho snmo oup with thee ? Synorix, Ay, hy tho gods ! Sho, too; she too; JIurdovous mad womun. I pray you, lift me, And make mc walk awhile. I have Jicnrd theso poisons May ho wal Ü ed do wu i ¡My feet aro tons of lead. They will breuk into tho earth. I am sinking. Held mo, Iiot mo alono, i . - Too late. Thought myself wise \- A woman's dupo. Antonins tell tho Senate I have boen most truo to Romo-would havo been truer Tailor-if-if- Tliou art coming my way, too, , Camina! Good night 1 Camma, Samo way ? Crawl, worm,'crawl down thine own dark hole To tho lowest hell. My Lord Antonius, , I meant thoo to have followed-bettor thug If we must go beneath tho yoko ol Borne. Have I the crowA on ? I will go To meet kin» orown'd! crowned viotor of my will " -> On my last voyn-go; but tho wind has failed; Growing dar«, too, but light enough to row. Kow to thc Bloased Isles ! tho Blessed Isles ! There leajpio on league of ever-shining shores, Beneath au over-rising sun. I see him. Why comes he not to moot mo ? It is the crown Oilouds him, and my hands aro too sleepy \- To lift it oil, Camma! Camma! Sinnatns! Sinnatns I 