It would seem that tlio Hinall-pox scaro iH not confined to New South Wales, hut has oxtended to the other coloniea. At the various ports, stringent quarantine regulations aro eniorccd 11s regards Sydney vessels, nna on the borders between this colony and Vic toria every precaution is taken to prevent diseased persons erossing the Murray. I11 Victoria, especially, the strongest interest is manifested in tho progress of the disease in Sydney ; and, indeed, tho public journals contend that the people of that colony aro hardly less interested in the sub ject than are tho people of New South Wales. As tho Central Board of Health in Melbourno remark, in a report on the subject, the two colonics aro " practically now " one, owing to tho constant traffic at the " Murray crossing places." If travellers at tho regular crossing places wero subjected to careful examination, nnd were oven quaran tined, tho effect would bo that tbey would cross tho Murray at other placeB whore they would not bo interfered with. Even at Albury nnd Echuca it would be almost impos sible to prevent persons crossing the Murray, even if the bridges wero carefully guarded. Boats aro availnble, especially at the latter place, and tho demnnd for them would soon induce a supply. As Victoria is thus exposed to a spread of tho disease, almost as much ub Now South Wales itself, it is considered that the people there hare a right to be heard ou the subject. The Melbourno Argus, speaking from the Victorian standpoint, and referring to the continued occurrence of now cases of small pox in Sydney, indulges in some severe criticism of the action- of the authorities here. That journal thinks it high time that tho the authorities here took " comprehensive ' measures for the purpose of grappling with t' this deadly enemy," for otherwise it will assuredly spread into tho other colonies- ' The Legislature of this colony is called upoa to take the most active and prompt stops to prevent small-pox being permanently estab lished in tho country. Hitherto wo have been able to stamp out tho disease when it appeared- ; but now, unless a vigorous and decided policy on the subject he adopted, it will be as much at home here as it is in England. Our Melbourne contem porary thinks that tho precautionary measures adopted here " havo been characterised by " more zeal than wisdom," and adds that at all events they have proved ineffectual. Hjs conclusion is that tho Legislature of NeW South Wales ' must, without any further delay, pass a measure making vaccination compulsory, as it iB in Victoria. This is k course we have ourselves urged upon tho Government during the past month or two, but there seems to be a disinclina tion to take a step in this direc- tion, although medical science points cut that this is tho only and effectual means of preserving a community from the absolute ravages of small- pox.- Tho explanation of this seems to be the fact'that tbero is a con siderable number of persons in- the colony who are utterly opposed to vaccination, and would rather for themselves and their families run tho risk of contracting the disease of small-pox than submit to bo vaccinnted and run the risk of suffering any serions conse- quences irom it. uur contemporary taiKS ot those persons as 'seeking " to obtain a fifths cheap notoriety " by condeming vaccination ; but this is not fair to many who have sincere convictions upon tho subject, and who oppose vaccination from no wish to attract, public attention, but because they really think tho remedy as bad as the disease, if not 'worse. The way to remove the prejudices of these people is not to abuse them, but to show them that thoy arc mis taken. With the fanatics on tho subject, or those who oppose vaccination from vanity or caprice, it is only waste of time to reason. They are cither past all reason or do not wish to listen to it. It must be admitted that vaccination has been discredited by the zeal of many of its supporters. It is not always a preventive of small-pox, and its influence upon the system doeB not last as long as was formerly supposed. There have been eases of recently vaccinated persons taking small-pox, nnd it is now a generally accepted conclusion that vaccination in childhood loses its efficacy at the adult age, and that adults Bliould bo re-vaccinated every 6even years. Seeing that the efficacy claimed for it by too zealous supporters is not constant, but subject to limitations and exceptions, & number of persons havo jumped to the con clusion that it is really oi very little value at all. It must be borne in mind that the wisdom and experience of one genera tion are not nlways transmitted to the next. Wo may observe in scores of instances how littlo tho present genera tion appreciates, or understands, what was held in respect, or was believed in thirty or forty years ago. Distinguished men in politics, literature, and the nrtsaic forgotten, nnd their works unknown or neglected. Es pecially is it the case that the cxpcrienco of a generation is often lost to its successors. A generation that was sconrged by frightful visitations of small-pox learned from bitter experience tbe value of vaccination, by wbicli the plague was stayed. The present gen eration have heard of thcso things, .bet they have not conie ' homo to them. They have' not realised them, and they glibly chop logic on tho subject with the utmost unconcern. If every other homo wnsla house of mourning, aud the Angel of Death spread his wings over the country, all thin silly nnd ignorant casuistry would ceaBC, and people would learn wisdom from bitter experi ence. It is beyond controversy that vaccin ation was tho means of staying tho ravages of small-pox in Europe, and it is known that in all communities in which small-pox has been prevalent, vaccination is insisted upon as a preventive. It may fail sometimes, but in the largo majority of cases it is effectual. It may, if unskilfully per formed, or if the vaccination is with lymph from a diseased person, bo attended with serious conseqncncos, but then such grosu errors may and should be gunrded against. Cases like that in Darlinghurst Gaol, in which a medical man vaccinuieB a number of persons from a prostitute, very naturally ereutcs a strong prejudice against an opera tion that may be so abused. But such cases are, fortunately, rare, and they Bhould never occur. At the most the cases in which bad consequences have followed vaccination may ho counted by tens, whereas those in which life has been saved by it can bo numbered by thousands. This being (to, it is in the highest degree surprising that the Government do lint perforin their plain duty, and bring in a Bill to enforce vaccina tion, if not in tho case of adults, at all events in the coho of children under 10 years of age. The Government believe in vaccination, for they issued an order to linve the inmates of Darlinghurst Gaol vaccinated. Then why do they not introduce and pass a measure to make it generally compulsory. Are- the lives of the officials ana the prisoners in a gaol of more conscqnonce than tho lives of the people generally, or have the Government been experimenting upon the gaol habitues on the principle of experimentum in corpore vile '! Have they not the moral courage to face the difficulty and-do their duty ? We can hardly think thin, judging from ther conduct gene rally, but theu to what causo arc wo to ascribe their hesitation to adopt the most effectual means of stamping out tho incipient fires of what may bocomo an cxtcu6ivo conflagra tion ? Though Mr. M'Elhono can scarcely be held responsible for all I10 uttors when he speaks in tho Assembly, there is no exenso for him if, when ho has had time for reflec tion, ho adheres to his violent language, anil reluscB to withdraw it. He has repeatedly distinguished liiniselfasa political brawler, who mars all tho good ho does, or might do, by making speeches which sound moro suited to Bedlam than a House of Parliament, but lie never went the length ho did on Friday- night, when I10 was speaking upon tho Ring- barking Bill. Tho hon. member gave it as hia opinion that if it becomes law the free selectors should shoot down tho squatters, and ho asserted his willingness to provide tho powder nnd bullets. This sort of lnuil law was resorted to once in another colony, and tho murderer paid tho penalty of his crimo on tho gallows. In tho case wo refer to the . shooting down .was a volun tary act, and was neither instigated, or paid for, by a ' member of Parliament. Mr. M'Elhonc, however, offers to asBnme the leadership of any 'discontented selectors who may bo bloodthirsty enough to take tho law into their own hands, and settlo tliQ ring- Barking question with revolvers or rifles. The outrageous suggestion of the bon.. member would scarcely have been worthy of special jioticp,.and might have been passed over .as one — though the -worst — of those violent re marks which he is liable to make when he looses his temper and unbridles his tongue, bat for .the fact. chat when his attention .wnB called to the language he used, by Mr. Fitz- . -patrick, he gloried in his shame, and said he would repeat his words in the'Houso or out of 1 'it in any part of the colony. The hon. mem ber for Ybbs informed the House that lie had consulted the Speaker to ascertain what steps could be taken to protect the dignity of Parliament ; but, as Mr. M'Elhone's words were not taken down, no action conld be taken in the matter. This was be fore the hon. member for tho Upper Hunter said he was prepared to repeat what he had Tittered, and it was a pity some hon. member did not challenge him to do so, and have the words taken down at the second time of littering them. It ib not by any means so ' surprising that Mr. M'Elhone should, in his . fury, have threatened or advised tho murder of squatters, as that there was not a single bon. member in the House to challenge what was said at the moment, and take such ; immediate steps as would uphold the honour of the House. Failing this coarse, tho next best thing to have done would have been to . get the hon. member to re-commit bis offence, and pounce upon liim then. He challenged the House to do what it pleased, and it was rather too much of a . humiliation for one hundred and seven members, including the Speaker, to bo thus openly defied by one of . their number. With respect to tho loop-hole by means of which Mr. M'Elhone escaped — not taking his words down — it surely did not . paralyse the House in- all other respects. Other hon. mcmberH had the same right of speech, wo presume, that Mr. Fitzpntrick exercised, and it would have been at all events satisfactory to have heard some of them en tering their protest against tho degradation of Parliament in the same emphatic manner as did the lion, member for Yass. It was a matter which the Government should cer tainly have taken notice of and it can only be concluded thnt the Premier wbb absent when Mr. M'Elhone committed such an outrage on tho privilege of free speaking in Parliament, otherwise, as leader of the House, Sir Henry Parkcs would, surely not have Bat silent. It appears, in fact, that members on all sides of the House are disposed to give Mr. M'Elhone what is called "a fool's paradise" — permit him to talk at large, and take no notico of him ; but a few rebukes sack as that which Mr. Campbell administered on Friday night might not bo lost upon him. Mr. M'Elhone complimented the hon. member for Gwydir upon being about the only honest Bquntter or sqnntter's friend in the Assembly. This was too much for Mr. Campbell's philosophy, and he almost pathetically protested against being patron ised by such " a man." Of course, this was very unparliamentary lan guage, and Mr. Campbell had to speak of " the lion, member for the Upper " Hnnter," but the latter manifestly winced under the quiet castigation he received. As an indication of tho latitude which is allowed Mr. M'Elhone, wo need only contrast the course adopted by some lion, members as regards the lion, member for Ynss, and the representative of the Upper Hunter. Mr. Fitzpatrick has stated on more than one occasion that there are mombers in the As sembly, who do not vote in accordance with their convictions' ; that what they sap- port in public they disapprove of in private, and lie lias been repeatedly taken to task for casting snch an nspersion on the honour of the House. Mr. M'Elhone told those mem bers who voted for the Ringbarking Bill on Friday night, that they were so many Judas Iacariota who had sold tho country to the squatters, and no ono took any exception to tho statement, llnd any other member made it, ho would probably have been called to order, but not one of the "Iscariots" consi dered it worth bis while to notice the accusa tion. . . . One wonld think that if it were possible 'to diagnose any disease in the world it would be small-pox. According to the best autho rities, it reveals itself in tho most pronounced ronnner, and is capable of being detected by almost any of the seven senses. It is palpable to the touch, visible to the sight, discernible by tho smell, and proclaims itself even in the voice of tho patient. But for all this it iB not known whether tho man Hughes had small- pox, or whether ho had not. The Colonial Treasurer in his speech on Tuesday night stated, on the authority of thrco medical men, that Hughes had suffered from small-pox, notwithstanding the assertion of Dr. Clnne to tho contrary. Perhaps, on the principle that " in the mnltitudo of" coun- " cillors thcro is wisdom," Mr. Watson was justified in taking tho testimony of the three medical men in preference to that of Dr. Clnne, but we aro inclined to believe that if he had taken tho trouble to inquire for him self, ho would not liavo been quite as positive as lie was respecting the infallibility of this medical triumvirate. Dr. Clnne hud the fullest opportunity of exnmining tho man before he was .sent to quarantine, and he stakes his professional reputation upon the assertion that ho never had small-pox. The man waR, however, taken to the Faraway, from which lie attempted to escape by swimming ashore. Most people would accept tho fact of tho man jumping into the sea and swimming a quarter of < a mile on two separate occasions without feeling any ill effects from his action, as the strongest proof that he was not suffering from small-pox. Not so, how ever, tho Infallihle Three. The more robust and healthy tho man appeared, the more were they convinced that he was " sick unto " ueatn. it is pernaps lortunate lor mm that these three medical gentlemen were not able to treat him themselves. In that case it would most likely have been proved that he was exceedingly bad of the small-pox, notwithstanding his obstinacy in believing that he was not. Tho man, however, fell into the hands of Dr. Walsh, the medical officer of tho Faraway, and his opinion is that lie never had sniall-pox. On Thurs day last Dr. Clune telegraphed to him as follows : — Was IlugUes confined to his bed with small-pox whilst on tin; Faraway ? Did you treat him for such? To this, Dr. Walsh immediately scut tho following reply : — Hughes was not confined to bed willi small-pox, nor treated for such. Ho was, in my opinion, Buffer ing from ecthyma, with moments of delirium, but was able to cook for mo tho day after being placed 011 board. Unless, this is a gross misstatement the man nevor could have had sinall-pox at all. Dr. Ruddock, in hia " Vadc Mecurn," states., that small-pox runs through lour stages. The incubative period lasts twelve days, the fever forty-eight hours,' and the stage of maturation njne days, while the secondary fever and decline of the- eruption vary according to the severity of tho disease. Yet this man Hughes got over his small pox in one night, and was able to act as the ship's cook on tho following day 1 Of the symptoms of the disease the authority from which we have quoted says there is chilliness, heat, headache, sometimes delirium, thickly-furred white tongue,- deep, flush upon the face, hard frequent pulse, feeling of braised pain all over tho body, but especially in the back and loins, with vomit ing. On the third or fourth day tbo erup tion comes ont in the form of red spots or small, hard pimples, which feel like shot in the skin. It appears on the face, neck, and wrists, then on the body, and finally on tho lower extremities. If examined, tho eruption may be seen on the palate and lining mem brane of the larynx, giving Bore throat, sali vation, coughs, painful expectoration, and hoarseness. The pimples gradually increase in size until about the eighth day from the commencement of tho fever ; the contents, at first watery and trans parent, change to yellowish matter sb the pimples become ripened into pustules. The pustules are depressed in the centre, and surrounded for a short distance by a rose-red areola. During the time the pustules are filling up there is swelling of the eye lids and face, sometimes to snch a degree »b to obliterate the features. A peculiar disagreeable odour now begins to emanate from tho patient which is so characteristic that the disease at this stage might he known by this nlone. One would imagine that if Hughes had been in this predicament, he would have had a suspicion himself that he was not altogether fit to go swimming about in the sea. But what ever his own impression may have been, Dr. Walsh ought to have discovered that he was ill. So far, however, from endorsing tho views of his medical brethren, Dr. Walsh declares, in effect, that there was nothing the mutter with the man except that he was drunk, and had a boil on his neck. If Mr. Watson would cause an investigation to be made, he would probably discover thnt the information furnished by the Press was a good deal nearer the truth than he was led to believe. And if he has been deceived in respect to the condition of Hughes, what guarantee have we that he is not under a similar delusion in respect to the treatment of tho other patientB ? Intelligence has reached the French Govern ment of an attack on their troops by the TuuiBian Arabs in the vicinity of Ilamamat, on the sea coast of North Africa. The Arabs greatly out numbered the French soldiers, and the latter, after a vigorous defence, sustained a defeat. In conse quence of the serious aspect of affairs nt Tunis, and the openly displayed hostility of the native population, a large number of ndditional troops are being embarked at Toulon and Marseilles, under oidcrs for tlie Tunisian territory, whore the French Government arc strengthening their posi tion tn the utmost. In Algeria much disquietude prevails among the French residents, owing to the cucccssioM of vast forest fires in various places, cjufciI by incendiarism. The old unpleasantness between the Vatican and the German Government is 011 the point of settlement, and tho news of the moie friendly feeling existing between tho two l'owers is confirmed. It is understood that ncgoti- tions for a friendly settlement of the questions in dispute between Germany and the Holy Sec have been opened with a fair prospect of success. Hater telegrams from 1'aris report that nt Hama- ract, the seaport town -10 miles south-east of Tunis, au important victory has been gained by the French over the Arabs, thereby in a manner con tradicting the first telegram on the subject. This victory, however, was only attained alter a sangui nary struggle. Despite, the check received by the French at the first, when so greatly overpowered by numbers, the General in command continued liis advance. The Arabs endeavoured to stay his progress, and made two vigorous attacks in full force ; but each time they were driven buck with great carnage. On the second repulso the Arabs were decisively beaten, and the French became the occupiers of Ilamnmet. Tl.o Arabs, so famed for their bravery, fought with great valour, and no less than a thousand of their number were killed. The French loss, also, was by no means inconsider able. The anti-Jewish feeling, which has mani fested itself bo strongly in Germany of late, con tinues to show itself in certain parts of the kingdom. The Prussian Government, however, are taking steps for the protection of the Jews, nnd severe measures are being adopted for the suppres sion of hostile demonstrations against them, or any public agitation on the subject. The second reading of tlie Electoral Act Amend ment Hill was postponed in the Assembly last night, owing to the absence of Sir llenry I'arkcs through ill- health. The proposal of the author of the liill, Mr. It. H, Smith, to adjourn it, evoked a long discussion upon the desire of lion, members to shirk business on Friday night, Mr. Copeland's motion having reference to I ho reserve- - tiou of Mineral nnd Crown Lands, was lost with out a division being called for. A new standing order giving the mover of tho second <5r third reading of a Hill the right of reply upon the de bate, was agreed to by a very large majority. It was resolved on tho motion of Mr. Danger, that the House should at its risiug adjouru till 7 o'clock on Tuesday. Tlie extraordinary language of Mr. M'Elhone in the House on Thursday evening was referred to last night by Mr. Myers, who on behalf of the free selectors of his district repudiated nil sympathy with what hail fallen from the hon. member for the Upper Hunter,- and lie added that if such language were made to the free- selectors them selves they would probably give Mr. M'Elhone n very striking proof of their disapproval, The hon. gentleman also said ho hoped some -steps would he taken to give the Speaker power in future to put a stop to such language without waiting to have hiB attention called to it. Yesterday, Mr. Marsh, the Water I'oliee Magis trate, received a letter officially informing him that tho medical men who had been called in to examine ' the supposed small-pox patient, Anne liurns, about whom all the fuss was made nt the Water Police Court three days ago, was not, and had not, been suffering from that disenso, It will lie remembered r lint, owing to the report of this woman being infected, no less than eighteen priso ners, all of whom had been sentenced to various terms of imprisonment in Darlinghurst Gaol, were set free without punishment, or even quarantine, notwithstanding the fact that several of them had been associated with the supiiosi'd patient in the same cells, both at Woolloomooloo, and at the Police Court. It will be remembered that some time since what was called a Chinese gambling den wns invaded by the police, and the proprietors thereof, together with certain other Celestials, were arrested. The charges made against them wore of keeping a common gaming house, nnd of being found therein for an unlawful purpose. The pro ceedings at the I'oliee Court terminated in a com mittal, nnd tho trial in sentences of varied extent. Yesterday tho matter came before the full court. The arguments then presented were of a character which, in spite of the strennous exertions of the Crown Prosecutor, resulted in the quashing of the conviction, inasmuch ns tho court considered the game of " pak-a-pau" only a lottery, and not au unlawful garno. A singular case came under the notice of the Bench nt the Water Police Court yesterday morn ing, when a boy about Id years of ago wns brought up on a charge of " being under tho nge of 1(1," such being the entry in the charge-sheet. When the lad appeared, their worships, seemingly much astonished at the ncousalion preferred, asked whether lie had committed any otfenee, and cha racterised the charge as being a most extraordinary one. The apprehending constable Raid he was un aware that the boy had committed any offence, but that his father had given liim into custody, " What for ?" asked one of tho. magistrates. "He desired me to lock him up," replied tlie officer. Upon hearing this, the hoy's father was sent for, who said the lad had been sleeping out at night, nnd had been absent from boinc three or four nights. He had no control over him, The prisoner was ordered to stand aside for some time whilst the rest of the cases were beard, and ultimately two other magistrates ordered the boy to be sent on board the Vernon. In tho summons division of the Central Police Court yesterday, about a dozen publicans were lined 2s Gd each, for breaches of the Lights Act. The. charge sheet "was very light, and the business was concluded by II o'clock. In another portion of this dayls isSue will be , found the first of n series of- nrticles on the Irish Question, containing the history of the rights and privileges of the Irish peoplo in respect to, tho land. The author carries bis investigation over many conturies ; nnd as his remarks are the result of consultations with the oldest and most im portant legal authorities, and are written with a knowledge of the traditions and hnbits of the- ' people, the series should prove of more than ordinary interest. In connection with the Melbourne railway disaster, official reports have been submitted, in which positive statements arc made that the carri ages were examined and the wheels tested before they were used on the morning of the accident. It is worthy of notice, however (says the Argus), that the carriages forming Tuesday's express trnin have bedn in use for over 15 years, nnd were last over hauled in the railway workshops some 17 months since. Mr. Bent asserts that an untruthful state ment had been published that he had accelerated tho speed on the Brighton line, and had thus occa sioned the calamity to the express train. Mr. Bent snid he had done nothing of the Bort. He lias exerted himself to secure the safety of the suburban traffic. At a conflagration which occurred at Wodongn, Victorin, on Wednesday, the promises of Messrs. Hill and Killerman, drapers, &c.;, in Sydney-street, were entirely destroyed. Mr. UiU'sstock of. drapery wns valued at £2000, on which insurance was effected to the extent of £1000, The stock was totally destroyed, together with the private resi dence adjoining, but part of the furniture was saved. The premises were owned by a building society in Melbourne, and it is understood were insured. Some extensive cellars under Mr. Hiller- man's buildings were stocked with wine owned by Messrs. E. Greer and Co., of Melbourne, the quantity being stated at about 7000 or 8000 gal lons, all of which was destroyed. The wine, it is believed, was not insured. At St. Andrew's Cathedral to-morrow, the ser vices in the afternoon will be Dr. Garret, in D. The anthem selected is a very beautiful composi tion — " In Thee, O Lord, have I put my trust," by Bcrthoid Tours. The preachers uppointed are — for the morning service, trie Very Kcv. the Dean ; in the aftcrnoun, Canon Hnlton King ; nnd in the evening, the Rev. Dr. Ellis. The new Cathedral 1'salter, at present adopted in St. Paul's Cathedral, London, will be used to- morrow for the first time. Full choral service is sung in the afternoon. The weather yesterday wns warm and agreeable, with n light north-west wind, which subsequently veered to the south-west, and finally settled down due west. Loose clouds were raised in this direc tion, and continued to gather throughout the night, with a falling barometer and apparent indications of change, hut no rain full. Mr, Joseph Clayton, who has occupied the posi- tson of city treasurer for nearly 40 years, has ten dered his resignation to the Mayor, owing to ill- health. In the meantime, pending the appoint ment of a successor, Mr. C. II. Lines, who hns been 10 years in the service in another capacity, will fulfil the dnties of treasurer, Mr. Batric, a grocer, wnp driving a horse attached to a springcart in George-street, yester day morning, when the bridle fell off and it bolted. The driver fell out, and the wheel passed over him, hut lie was not seriously injured. The horse gal loped away, and turning into Bridge-street, ran against the oyster shop of Mr. Brown, knocking a quantity of lish on to the |mvcmcnt, hut was sub sequently caught. The cart was damaged, having collided with two vehicles previously. The affair caused no little excitement at the time. A supplement to yesterday's Gazette, contains' tlie regulations adopted by the Government under the Stutc Children's Relief Act. The regulations appear to have been ably and carefully framed, and we are informed thnt as they now hare the force of law the State Children's Relief Board will at once proceed to place out more children under the boarding-out system. Mr. Hugh Taylor, J. P., of Pnrramatln, lias re ceived a letter. from the Principal Under-Secretary instructing that, in compliance with his request, the Colonial Secretary has approved of tho sum of £500 being placed on the Estimates for improve ments to l'arramntta Park. Yesterday, at noon, a Licensing Meeting was held at the Water Police Court nt which several hawkers' licenses were granted, nnd the license for tlie Custom House Hotel, wns transferred from Charles Jennings to Caroline Cameron, widow. Several publicans also obtained an extention of their licenses to tho race course duriug the ap proaching sports. On Monday evening Mr. Denton eommences his second course of lectures, the first of which will he on " Man in the Stone Ago, or the Infancy of the Human Race." Afire occurred nt about C p.m. yesterday at a four-roomed brick house, URed as a fruit shop and dwelling, on the South Hend-rond, owned by a Mr. James. It appears that the inmates were fumi gating the dwelling with burning sulphur, and thnt some of it set lire to the bedding in one of the rooms. The Kent lire brigade, under Mr. Jos. Brown, superintendent, and Mr. Moss, foreman, was the first to arrive on the scene, followed by Hie No. 3 Brigade, nnd the united efforts of the fire men, the inmates of the house, nnd the neighbours — especially a Mr. Tuck, an old firemnn — the Haines were quickly subdued. The stock of fruits was slightly dnmuged by water, nnd the bedding in the house destroyed, boyorui which not much damage was done. Tho house was, we believe, insured. Dr. nughes will ' ieetuio on "llradlaugh and Universal Emancipation," to-morrow evening, nt 274 Pitt-street. Mr. Charles Bright will lecture at the Theatre Royal to-raorrow on " Calvinism, Weslcyan- isin, and Rationalism." Mr. John Henderson has been appointed by His Excellency the Governor, under section 02 of the Municipalities Act, an alderman of Sydenham Ward, ill the borough of l'etcrsliaiu. Dr. l'liilip Carter, M.I)., vaccinates from heaitby calvcs at <1 Moncur-strect, Woolhihra, from 3 till II p.m., and at 7 Bclmore Terrace from 11 a.m. till 12 noon daily. The School of Arts Debating Club will discuss on Monday evening — "That the competition of women in various callingH hitherto restricted to men is likely to prove inimical to the interests of society." Messrs. .Tolm Tait, jun., Frederick Milstcd, and Walter It. Nickless have catered into a partnership as importers and Warehousemen, under the style or firm of John Tait, junr. and Co. Mr. William Wcstnian will deliver a trance lecture to-morrow at the City Hall, Castlereagh-strcct, on the subject of " Scenes and life in thu Spirit World." Tenders arc called for mail services throughout the colony for one or three years from 1st January, 1881, to be received np to noon on the 18th prox. at the General Post Office, the details of which will bu found in our advertising columns. Mr. William Donton will give a second course of popular scientific lectures in the Masonic Hall, York- street, commencing on Monday with a discourse oil " Man in the stone age, or the infancy of the human race." The attendance at tlie Australian Museum during tlie month of August was as follows : — Week days, .'ifill? Knnrlava R.'tl.t tntnl The current number of Sydney Punch abounds in humour. Recent political events are prominently referred to, both in cartoon and verae, and there are Home really amusing sketches founded on the recent contamination of the wuter. The paper ia well printed , and ia altogether a credi t to its conductor. The Shipwrights' Troviduni Union invite (undent for the supply of a iirat-chiHH band for tlie , Right Hours' Demonstration ou the 3rd October, tcudera to be gent in not later than the 8th instant. The Parra matta Diptrict Hospital Bazaar and Fancy Fair will be held in the enlarged pavilion, Parramatta Park, on Wedncaday, 7th instant, uud be continued till the JUth mutant, inclusive. The Hidden Treasure Gold Mining Company, Copcland North, has declared a dividend of 30:i per share, which ia now payable. On Monday next, at the Hippodrome, Pitt-street, near the Haywarket, the Six Days' Go-as-you-please Walking Tournament will commenco. Twelve of the most famous pedn. in the colony will complete. Tlie No. ii Volunteer Fire Brigade Band will be in attend ance each evening. A grand billiard match will be played at the Royal Exchange billiard rooms, on Thursday evening, between Byrne, of Melbourne, and James, of Sydney. At the name establishment a brilliant tournament will take place on Monday, ,12th iustant, and continue till the l!)th instant, when eight players will play against each other for H00 up. A pubic spiritual istic seance will bo held at RobblnV Rooms, uudur the Young Men's Christian Association's offices, to-night. Whether or not the ghosts will walk in such close proximity to the Young Men's Christian Association can be proved by. tho payment of lB»- 