The residents of this district cannot be ac cused of shirking their party responsibili ties in politics, for there is scarcely an adult male who has not verv decided views on the reform and other questions, and all can intelligently emphasise the same by ar gument, authority, example and precedent. They have fought the battles of their res pective leaders with steadfastness in tho clamour and excitement of election meetings, in the more arduous labor of tho canvassing field, and with consistency at the ballot-box, and when the result of all this interested and self-denying exertion has been summed up it is found that the effect has been merely to assist in giving one party or other of the antagonistic leaders a tempo rary advantage over their opponents. Per haps not ono of the electors can say that ho is a shilling the better for all his exertions, his expenditure of eloquence or temper, or to compensate him for friends estranged during the heat of political con flicts, and it may be that if the agitations which have been proceeding for several years past are to continue many will ask themselves if the game is really worth the candle, But while bitter struggles have taken place over qustions which are in themselves little more than mere ideas, and the heat of partisanship has been raised on these matters to a boiling point, it is strange to find that on questions which really affect the material welfare of the peoplo very little interest can bo aroused. One of these latter questions is - the pro? posed reduction of the Government sub sidy to local bodies. If it were a proposal to reduce the salaries of members of Par liament from £300 to £200 the commu nity would be immediately divided for and against the proposition, arguments pro and con. would be discussed wherever men do congregate, and perhaps a few heads would be broken and eyes blackened in "the in terested efforts made to arrive at a decision; and when the question had been decided no one but the political representative would be either benefited or injured by the result. The endowment question on the other hand has this much interest for every member of the community, that if reduced according to Mr. Berry's suggestion the householders, farmers, miners, tradespeople, and others, must either do without made roads or must pay extra rates on their property to find the money wherewith to make them. Either there must be no more roads made and and those in existence must fall into dis repair, or the person who has paid £1 per annum rates must in future pay £2. . But because the element of party strife has not entered into this matter tho electors pay very little attention to it, and the struggle to obtain a share of the revenue for expen diture in the up- country districts has been left altogether to the local bodies and the association which they have formed. For- tuuately thoy have not neglected the public interest, and when the subject is brought before the House, as it will be this week, 1 Mr. Berry will find that the country dis tricts, through their representatives, will insist upon having some portion of the money which they subscribe to the revenue returned for use on the public roads. It has been urged that if the country members insist upou having the endowment continued at the old rate there must be increased taxation to provide the money, and that the I people will still-have to provide for the en- I dowwent by contribution tp the genera revenue instead of by local rates. Unfor tunately we are suffering increased taxation every year, and are getting used to it. We were never so highly taxed as we are at present, and therefore tho Government should be in a better position than ever for paying the endowment. Before the last new taxes (on tobacco, beer, oils, etc.) were imposed the endowment could bo paid in full, but with extra money coming into the Stato coffers it must be reduced by more than one-third — and if the endowment were abolished altogether the next budget would still provide for fresh taxation. Re ductions in tho civil service do not seem to mend the matter ; officers are discharged, hundreds at a time, others have their salaries redqcod, and we hear of retrench ment in every direction, but still the threat is of fresh, taxation and the abolition of en dowments. But we never hear auything of abolishing tho special and irregular endow? monts to the metropolis. The Exhibition has been allowed to run its extravagant and wasteful course unchecked ; there has been no talk about stopping the expensive works at Parliament Houses, pnd every winter there must bo some thousands of so-called unemployed provided for at the public cost to keep them about Melbourne. And for these gratifications there must be fresh tax? ation and a stoppage of local endowments, It is quite time there was a change, and it is hoped that when the subject is brought up in the House this week that member s will make it plainly understood that the en dowment is about the only benefit conferred by the Government upon thousands of up- country taxpayers, and that it must bo con tinued ; and we hope that the country elec tors will be aroused to stand by their repre? sentatives, if need be, in this expression of opinion. Applications under the Land Act ap proved .- — For licenses — George Ackers, James Ackers, Glenpatrick. For transfer of leasehold — Roderick Ross, Wareek. "We were shown yesterday a golden acorn, portion of a lady's brooch or earring, which, with other smaller fragments of gold, had been found in the gizzard of a fowl by Mrs. Fenton, of High street. Tho acorn was the size of a small marble, and had evidently been in the fowl's gizzard for some time, as it was worn quite smooth. The Rev. J. A. Marsland preached his farewell sermon in the Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening, and the high regard in which the yeT gentleman is held was ahown by a large congregation that as sembled to hear his leave-taking. Amongst the many Wesleyan ministers who have been stationed in Avoca there have been very few who have made themselves more useful to the community in a quiet way than has Mr Marsland, and none have made more friends, He has had chargo of the Avoca Circuit in a most unpros- perous and discouraging time, but by good management the circuit has held its own and improved its position in the face of difficulties. He has also given good ser vice as president of the Mechanics' Institute, and has assisted in many other social mat ters. His departure will be much regretted, and the rev. gentleman and Mrs Marsland will carry with them to Ararat the sincerest best wishes of many friends for their future happiness aud prosperity. At the Avoca Police Court yesterday, be? fore Mr. -0. W. Carr, P.M., Margaret i Cook applied for an order to protect her earnings from her husband, Thomas Cook, now absent from the colony. The order was granted. The County Court jury list for the Avoca district was revised, aud tho court then adjourned.. A Chinaman living at Upper Homebush came into Avoca on Suuday evening, to complain to the police that he had been greviously assaulted hy four young roughs. According to the man's story, he was pre paring his evening meal when the four youths entered his dwelling and asked for tea. On being told by the Chinaman that he had none for them, they assaulted him and knocked him about severely, and then dam aged his but. Constable Monks went out to Homebush yesterday to make inquiries into thematter, and, having ascertained the names of the culprits, Senior-Constable Shanklin, with ' Constables O'Donuell aud Monks, arrested three out of the four as they came off shift at the Working Miners' claim last night. The names of the three arrested are John Barry, John Anthony, and Martin Mf Car thy. From additional particulars obtained it appears that a Chinaman liviug near the complainant, named Ah Louey, has been in the habit of selling colonial wine on the sly to the young men working in the mines, and the four youths above referred to, being aware of the circumstance, paid him a visit on Sunday, and drank his entire stock, which they say they paid for. They were then very drunk and wanted more wine, and as Ah Louey had none they went to Ah Foon (the complainant) and asked to be supplied with either wine or tea. On being refused a dispute arose, and the as sault followed, the defendants stating that the Chinaman commenced it by hitting one of them with a stool aud drawing a knife ou them. Before the row concluded the end was knocked out of one of the houses, aud the interior of the other was much damaged. The three prisoners were brought up at the Police Court this morning and remanded until Monday next, and before that day it is expected that the fourth culprit will be arrested. Bail was allowed in two sureties of £25 in each case, and themselves in £50 each. We direct the attention of our readers to an advertisement in another column, in which the Government Statist requests that all cases of neglect on the part of the cen sus collectors may be reported to him, and mentions that letters addressed to the Government Statist, Melbourne, are deliv ered free of postage if endorsed with the word " Census." We have received a copy of the Federal Australasian, a new weekly paper pub lished in Melbourne. The purpose of this new aspirant for public favor is indicated iu the title, namely, to bring about a federa tion of the colonies, but iu addition to this it supplies the usual requirements of a weekly paper, giving the current news of the week, telegrams, sporting reports, etc. It is well printed on toned paper, and the price is 6d. Mr. Weston is the local agent. The railway arrangements for the Eas ter holidays are published by advertise ment in another column, and will bo found exceedingly liberal. The herdsmau of the Avoca United Corn- mon notifies by advertisement the dates . and places appointed for branding stock, and further intimates that after the 24th instant all unregistered and unbrandeji cattle found on the common will be ,im? f pounded On Tuesday next Mr. James S. Stewart will offer by auction, at Pairmau's hotel, Lexton, a very desirable farm property known as Retalliclc's. Particulars appear I by advertisement in another column- Laycock, tho Australian sculler, re ceived a cordial and semi-public welcome on landing from the Lusitania yesterday. He was met at Sandridge by about twenty members of the Yictorian Rowing -As sociation in two drags, and was then es corted to the Town Hall, Melbourne, where ho was received and suitably enter tained by the Mayor. In the evening, at the Theatre Royal, lie was formally, pre sented by Mr Coppin with a purse of sovereigns which had/been subscribed as a recognition of the plucky manner in which ho upheld the honor of Australia in his various contests in England. Stawell has had a sensation lately in con nection with incidents which have occurred at a house said to be " haunted." For some time past, at the "witching hour of, night," a mystic figure, clothed in ghostly habiliments, has been seen to appear and disappear unaccountably, and for "some time all efforts made to account for the appari tion were unavailing. On Wednesday, however, the mystery was solved, Several young men set themselves to watch the premises, with the result that the " ghost" was captured, and proved to be a young woman, well known in tbe neighborhood, who had clothed herself in a sheet and played these pranks for a " lark." It would appear that the natives of New Zealand have much more good sense in re ligious matters than many people who claim a higher grade of civilisation. A few days ago some apostles of Mormonism made a special effort to convert the Maories of Orakei. The natives were as sembled and the Mormon leader delivered a long harangue, in which he gave an ac count of Mormon history, the aims and ob jects of the Saints, and generally made out as good and attractive a case as possible. All this was translated to the assembled natives, and afterwards one of the chiefs rose to reply. He said that so many re ligions were offered to the Maories by their white teachers that they scarcely knew which to accept, but with some well- turned compliments he intimated that they would have nothing to do with; the Latter Day Saints. The Donald Times has been issued as a bi-weekly paper, and also shows a notioe- able improvement in its general appearance. The circumstance may be accepted as evi dence of the increased prosperity of the Donald district. Sir Herbert Sandford, British Commis? sioner for tho Melbourne Exhibition, was presented with a draft for £300, on Thurs day, by the British exhibitors, as a mark of their appreciation of his services in pro moting the success of the British Court. A grand naval review and sham fight is to take place at Sydney on the 21st inst. A man named Hurley was found drunk and incapable at the AYhite Hills, Sand hurst, on Thursday night, and on being taken to the lock-up a sum of £339 was found upon him. Tho case of false imprisonment against McDonald, mining manager, was called on at the Sandhurst General Sessions, on Fri day. Defendant had battened two men down the shaft of the North G. G. Com pany, and refused to liberate them until they paid him £40. The case was settled, with the consent of the Judge, defendant apologising and paying £15. The Customs department have completed tho valuation of the silks and Cashmere shawls recently seized as goods smuggled into this colony from Sydney. One pack age is valued at £391, and the other at £442. As Mr A. T. Clark considers this a most deliberate attempt at evading the Cus toms duties, ho has imposed Hues of treble the valne of the goods, viz., £1,173 in the one case and £1,226 in the other. Two members of a well-known city firm are the alleged offenders. Captain R. AY. Horno, who was one of the first commissioners of goldfields in the colon)7, died op Thursday night at an ad vanced age. Some excitement was caused in Bathurst by the arrest of three residents of Yetholme on a charge of murdering the infant daugh ter of one of the acoused in September last year. All were brought before the Bathurst Bench and remanded for the pro duction of further evidenoe. It is said that some extraordinary disclosures will be made. Grand Flaneur is still the favorite for Sydney Cup, at 6 to 1 ; Wellington and Canary, 10 to 1 ; Progress and Falmouth, 12 to 1. Four men who followed up the pioneer party from Bourke reached the diggings at Mount Browne after fearful suffering. They had to kill their horses and drink their blood. They also opened the veins in their arms for the said purpose. They are still iu a precarious condition, and not expected to recover. The roughs of the suburbs of. Newcastle stopped a youth riding past, seizing the bridle. He, fancying that he was seriously stuck up, shot one fellow through the cheek, but not dangerously. The latter is not at all pitied." , „ . At Carngham on Wednesday, a miner named AYilliam Scott had his back . broken by a fall of some timbers at a puddling- machine he was helping to erect. He is a widower, with six children depending on him, and he lies at the hospital here with very little hope of recovery. The supplementary Estimates are grow- rapidly. The original statement was that not more than £S0,000 would be wanted. It is now announced that £170,000 will be required. The Land Tax Act Amendment Bill was passed through its remaining stages by the Assembly on Thursday, and sent to the Legislative Council. The arrangements for the Adelaide Ex hibition are now complete, and the regula tions have been issued. It is to be kept open from July 21 to August 21. Appli cations for space have to be made hy the 1st of June, and exhibits will be received up to July 36. In connection with the return of Laycock, and with the view of haying a sculling contest at Sydney, Messrs. Mason Bros, offer a prize of £300, to be called the " AYalker Whisky Trophy," to be competed for by all comers in out-riggers. The amount has been handed over to Mr. P. J. Clark on behalf of the rowing community, and a committee Trill be formed to make all necessary arrangements. The following gentleman hare been nominated candidates for the vacant seat in the Legislative Assembly for North Melbourne : — AY. Gaunson, Reynolds, Amott, J. Quinlan, and J. Munro. After the nominations were received, Mr. Reynolds retired in favour of Mr. Quinlan, the Constitutional candidate. Sandhurst has tho honor of having the youngest child that has yet received a certificate as having passed the standard of education. Florence Hosking, aged 7 years and 11 months, daughter of Mr T. Hosking, of State School No 877> obtained the full number of marks (9) iu the 5th class, being 4 passes in excess of that entitling her to the above distinction. Catherine Warren, alias AYilkie, the woman who shot Mr Norton, the police magistrate at Dubbo, has been found guilty of manslaughter, and seutenced to imprison ment for three years and six months. Robert M'Kenzie, organ-builder, of North Adelaide, has been comnfitted for trial for setting fire to his shop, Another " job" in connection with the International Exhibition has been brought to light. Mr T. Carrington, the Punch artist, states that he anonymously carried away the prize from 59 competitors for the medal design. The executive committee overruled the choice of the fine arts com mittee so soon as the name of tho designer was known, and chose a drawing of their own. , A very .heavy seizure of pianos, con signed to a well-known Melbourne firm of importers, was mado by the Customs department on Friday for under valua? lion of invoice. Robert Palmer, an engine-driver on the Gippsland line, was killed at South Yarra station on Saturday through jumping off the engine whilst in motion. He leaves a wife and four children. Lazy Jemmy, an aboriginal, who, while awaiting trial for a felonious assault at Border Town some little time ago, broke out of gaol, has been found hanging by the neck to a tree at Wirrega. Four foreigners who arrived at Rock- ampton, Queensland, have been arrested by order of the Colonial Secretary, on sus picion of having stolen the boat in which they arrived, and being concerned in rob? bery and murder at New Caledonia. The number of sub?numerators em ployed taking the census is 200. The forms required were 2S0.000 in number. The Minister of Customs has closed the Footscray magazine to all explosive com pounds having nitro-glycerine. They will in future be stored on tho Empire hulk in Hobson's Bay . While addressing a meeting of electors North Adelaide on Friday, Mr J. L. Par sons suddenly fainted, and the meeting abruptly terminated. The fainting was due to a valvular affection of the heart, to which Mr Parsons is subject. The revenue returns for the past quarter have been published, and on the whole are of a satisfactory character. The returns for the quarter are £1,427,667, an improvement of £170.680 upon the returns for the corres ponding quarter of last year. The greatest increase is in the railway revenue, which is in excess of the corresponding quarter by £5S,95S. The Hobson's Bay lines also show an increase of £5,8S6. The increase at the Customs is £55,000. The beer duty yielded £27,319 for the quarter, and the to bacco duty, £7,128. Nine months of the financial year are over, and during that period the receipts have amouuted to £3,777,620. The net increase of revenue for the term over the corresponding nine months is £321,946, and this should cer tainly enable the Government to pay tho local bodies' endowments with outhaving to resort to the threatened increased taxation. A miraculous escape from instantaneous death ocourred at the Seymour railway sta- j tion on Thursday. A little boy named Richard Tudor was returning from school about 5 o'clock, and whilst endeavouring to cross the line was knocked down by the Benalla train. The engine passed over Liim, causing some bruises about the head and body. Fortunately for the little fellow, the front guard iron threw him between the rails, otherwise death must have resulted. No blame is attached to the eugine- driver, as the occurrence was purely the fault of the boy. " A sad and fatal accident happened to a little child named Samuel Woodfine, at AYaterloo, ou AATednesday evening. It ap pears that the child was sitting in a peram bulator at the rear of its guardian's home stead (the child's mother being dead,) when a fish hawker named Hamilton drove over the perambulator and child. Dr. Johnston was at once sent for, but life was extinct be fore his arrival . Hamiltonis said to have been short-sighted, and the evening was a dark one. Hamilton drove ou aud did not notice what he had done, but said to a neighbour that he thought he had driven over a goat. A magisterial enquiry was held this after noon before Air. J. AYotherspoon, J.P., and a vedict of accidental death was returned." About five years ago a farmer, residing in the Bungaree district saw among some po tatoes he was carting to market one of a kind not familar to him, but which ap peared to be of such an excellent good quality that he determined to try and grow from it others of a like nature. He cut it and planted the eyes, and got from his original one sufficient to enable him to plant a drill. On the fourth year he gathered in from the offspring of the original one twenty tons, and on the fifth year, last season, no less than thirty tons of potatoes, all as sound and well flavoured as that he picked out when first he thought of planting. A return has been presented to the Legislative Assembly showing the income and expenditure of the Hobson's Bay Rail way during the IS months ending the 31st December last. The gross income during the period was £250, 619,0s. 4d. The working expences, including "management, &c.;, amounted to £148,641 4s. 4d., and the renewals of .wapand works to £5,961 2s lOd. or a total of £154,602 7s 2d. This made the nett income £96,016 13s. 2d. The interest on debenture and share capital, and on the amount paid for the purchase of stores, amounted to £96,SS9 ISs., and the expenditure ou new work was £13,096 I7s Sd., making a total expenditure of £'97,461 7s lOd. This leaves an excess of ex penditure over receipts for the 18 months of £1,474 14s. Sd. A note from the ac countant adds that but for the high rate of interest borne by the unredeemed de bentures (4f percent.) the income would have covered all expenditure, and left a profit of £7,917 10s. 4d. No allowance has been made to the credit of the line for the runniug powers exercised over it by the Gippsland line, between Prince's-bridge and South Yarra, and which saved the construction of another line for that distance. It is understood (says the Argus) that the decision of the Legislative Council is not to proceed further with the Reform Bill, but before reading the measure a second time to send a message to the Legislative Assembly suggesting that a joint committee should be appointed to report on the subject. The Ministry have expressed an opinion that the committee should be asked for after the second reading instead of before ; but this point does not constitute auy barrier be tween the two Houses, and a conference this week may be regarded as an accom plished fact. Immigrant girls have no difficulty in obtaining domestic employment in the sister colony of New South Wales. The Sydney Telegraph of Friday reports : — " Tho single female immigrants by the ship Devon were advertised to be on hire at the depot yesterday at nopn. Precisely at that hour the proceedings commenced, and about 200 ladies were present for the purpose of obtaiuing at least one of the 21 girls awaiting engagement. It may be imagined that, under these circumstances, considerable haste and some inconvenience occurred in endeavouring to obtain ad mission to the hiring room, which was soon crowded to excess, and the ever- obliging matron, Mrs Hicks, had her hands full in endeavouring to meet all the de mands made upon her. Every girl was hired in about twenty minutes — one as housemaid, the remainder as general servants, at wages ranging from 6s to 10s per week, and averaging Ss 6d. The girls were a strong, hearty lot, and the majority evidently hailed from the Emerald Isle," A schooner for surveying services on the Australian station, to be named the Lark is now building at Barnstaple, Devon' shire. It is seldom (says the Age) that a slut?, gish, peaceful-looking animal like the don- key is charged with attacking a man with out provocation in the most vicious man ner, An instance of this, however, oe? curred yesterday afternoon at the Royal Park. An old man named David Reid, while passing a grazing paddock near the Flemington-road, was chased by a donkey inside it. At first he tried to keep it off but the donkey attacked him in a fierce manner. It knocked the old man down with his fore feet and then commenced hit? ing him everywhere. It first bit him in the face and nearly tore the unfortunate man's jaw off. It then commenced bitin® the lower parts of his body, and had it not been that some persons going past noticed the occurrence, and drove the animal away, the poor old man would have been killed. Reid was admitted to the hospital, where he lies in a precarious state. A strange fatal accident occurred at Queenscliff on Friday morning. Pilot Gaf- ford was breakfasting, when he gave his child, a girl three years old, a small piece of ham, and symptoms of choking quickly appeared. Three doctors were called in and the child's throat opened, but it was of no avail, and the child died in a few hour' the little piece of meat having settled on the lungs. Great sympathy is expressed for her parents, who are generally respected- The child was a lively little oreature- and was playing about happily in the morning- The Melbourne correspondent to the Hamilton Spectator says it is whispered that Casey will soon be offered the Attor ney- Generalship, although minus a seat m Parliament to begin with. Mr. Arale in such case would take the Treasury and the lead, as the gossip is now hardening into something pretty near akin to a definite thing with reference to the present Radical Chief's arranging to take unto, himself the Agent-Generalship. Census stories are coming upon us thick and fast. Here is one from the Colac Re former : — " One sub-enumerator has come to grief already. An irate matron asked him ' who he thought was going to bother herself with filling up his papers with a pack of nonsense about ages and religions, and where you were born, and not a bit of work for her old man these three months.' She opined ' that it would better become them to mind their own business and take off the taxes," and she went on at length till the sub-enumerator pointed out that the trouble of filling up the paper would not fall upon herself, but upon her husband, as head of the family. Then the lady arose in her wrath and denounced her husband, the census, and the enumerator too, and and avowed that she should like to see him (her husband) write it, to oall himself head of the family, and bring home nothing for three months, and she to pay five shiC lings fine for him winding up with the declaration that ' her husband had a head, so had a pin.' The sub-enumerator, who is but a slim and delicate person, albeit with a copious and sonorous utterance, would have gone long before but that madam was between him and the gate. At this point he tried to appease her with a ioke, hoping to escape under cover of a laugh, and reminded her that all pins had not heads, exemplifying rolling pins. This finished him, for the next minute he was seen flying over the gate, which he says he jumped, but if so, why did his hat fiy after him into the road two minutes late, and why did he leave one of his coat-tails be-, hind him P" A terrible accident occurred at ci o'clock on Saturday Eight at Kangaroo Flat. Two trains, one to Melbourne and one from Alelbourne, passed each other. It was soon discovered that Air. James Aloore. brother to Air. Thompson Moore, ex AI.P. for Alandurang, had been caught between the trains. AVhen picked up it was found that his back was broken and his head injured. He died two hours after wards, and before his brother, who was in Sandhurst, had seen him. There is gene ral regret expressed, Mr. James Moore bar? ing for many years been one of the princi pal merchants and mining speculators of the district, and a senior partner in the firm of Aloore Bros, and Co. He was 60 years of age, and has left a wife and three daugk-. ters. Intelligence received from Mr. AYatson, the engineer in charge of the Queensland trans-continental survey party, states that he left Aramac ou 23rd Alarcb, All the party were well, and the horses in fine- fettle. " The weather." says Air. AYatson, " is looking belter. The country is splen? did everywhere, and, if the weather serves, I still hope to reach the Gulf of Carpen taria at the end of April." For years past (remarks the Sydney Daily Telegraph) New South "Wales has been engaged in a race for supremacy with AUctoria. Gradually her population has been drawing up to that of the southern colony, and in point of revenue she has been long on equal terms. Now, however, New South wales has no rival in this respect. For the quarter just ended the revenue has been £1,393.246 lis. 4d, showing an increase of 464,765 3s Sd on the ( corresponding period of last year. Of course the increased duties on spirits and the operation of the stamp tax, hare some thing to do with this ; but after making every allowance for new taxation, the re sult is as marvellous as it is gratifying. The above was published before the A'ic- torian returns for the quarter had seen the light. By comparing the returns of the two colonies it will be seen that AUctoria is still a good way ahead of New South Wales for the past quarter in the total amount of revenue collected. A lamplighter named Eldridge, fell from his ladder at Moama on Friday night, and alighting on his head was, killed in-, stantly. A melancholy but determined suicide by a young woman, named Elizabeth Pether- ick, aged 28, and living in Little Collins- street, occurred early on Sunday morning. The inmates of the house she was living in were startled at about seven o'clock in the morning by the report of a pistol shot, and on hastening to the room found the unfor tunate woman bleeding from the head with a revolver in her hand. The bullet bad en tered the head and rendered her insensible. She was removed instantly to the hospital, where she was admitted, but died a, few hours afterwards. The deceased was mar ried to a man twice her age. and the rash deed is attributed to domestic troubles or jealousy. Those who have adopted the habit of reading in bed will (writes the Spectator) be gratified to hear that an invention is re ported from Turin which will render them independent of candle, lamp, or gaa light. The invention consists in the application of light-giving materials to printing ink, by which print becomes luminous in the dark, so that in future it will be possible to read at night, in bed, or during a journey, with? out the assistance of a candle. A new daily- paper, in which this luminous material will be used, is, it is said, about to be published . at Turin. The action being taken for exporting (frozen meat from Queensland has already had the effect of raising the price of fit stock in the Rpckhgrnptpn district# 