DESTRUCTIVE FIRE . IN.. SYDNEY, [Abridged from the Sydney Morning Herald of January 12. A fire, which ha8 resulted in the destruction* of e very large amount of valuable property, occurred this morning in Barraok-street. Soon after midnight flames were discovered in the1: ' warehouse of M. Bechet, general importer, situated close to the Savings Bank (from which; building it is separated by a space, of about six or eight feet), the Daily Telegraph office adjoin-. „ ing the premises on the other side. By the time ; ; the firemen arrived'and got to work the fire had'.; I obtained saoh. hold of the building and its con-: . . tents, and was burning so furiously, that there V was no'hope of saying any portion ofthe pro-', '. petty. The grandeur of the scene, as the flames rolled out of every window and hole; and - from'.-/ the roof of the Spacious building, equalled that,' of the Victoria Theatre on thenight'it suocumbed, „ , to a similar fate; The flames shot bjgh info*''j'' the air; and. showers of sparks were. caKied * by the; wind for some considerable distance. The roofs of the buildings adjoining fld. Bechet's establishment were juBt catching fire from the .. shower of sparks rained upon them wheh the'.', hose wps taken through, the Daily Telegraph. office, and the incipient flames were quenched. .Shortly! before 1 o'clook the burning building prestnted a grandly terrible sight. The stone , walls stood firmly, though the slate roof, had criimbled and fallen in; and through cheaper- ' -tares in. it could be seen great rafters reddening into charcoal', while the burnt ghosts of chande lieiB swayed to and fro, and nowand then a great beam Would fall, like a giant torch. Cracks opened in the. outer walls; and" once or .twice a panio seized -the crowd—a panio which, " owing to-«he presence of the police, only re?";* suited in; a little crushing and swaying, .but/ which Otherwise might have been the death '" ' of more than one. The wind was* in the east,-., and so the sparks fell for the. most part harm-,. less, but| still anxiety for the safety of the sur-; .; rounding buildings lasted,' until 'at 2 a.m.; the",' fire wad got well under. Csn^tprhatioii was -great, as might have been exracted, in the iTelegraph office. The compositors'- frames and capes were removed, and owing to the confusion it was for a little time difficult to say whether ; the paper would be issued to-day. Subsequently the usual work of a newspaper offioe was carried on almost as if no great fire was raging in'the' immediate vioiuity. Mr. Bechet's warehouse was completely gutted, and as floor after floor; laden heavily with expensive and inflammable goods, sank down to preserve the blaze whioh,, bursting!forth at every opening, drew together the-enonnoos crowd which thronged York, Bniraok, and George streets, .exclamations of . admiration; rose freely from those assembled.. At. half-past! o'clock a smart shower fell, and' this, seeing that the building was completely, gutted, enabled the firemen to get the.flames': under, uh;il,at 2 a.m., bare hot walls surround*:-* ing a great mass of smouldering .debris showed -> -J that-the( fight was over, and that the Savings Bank anjd the many warehouses near-at.hand'.- / were safe. ? . 