'CHURCH OF ENGLAND TEMPERANCE SOCIETY. A PUBLIC meeting for the purpose of estab lishing branches of the above well-known society-of which Her Majesty the Queen is patron, and the Archbishops of Canterbury and York presidents-in the parishes of St. Saviour's, and St. Nicholas', North Goulburn, was held in the school-room connected with the Anglican Church at the northern end of the city on Thursday evening. The meeting was called for half-past seven o'clock; but as usual, half-an-hour's grace was allowed, when somethfng like forty-two ladies and gentlemen from various parts of the city had put in an appearance. The Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Goul burn, according to promise, was present and presided over the meeting; whilst upon the platform were also seated the incumbents of the two parishes above named (the Venerable Archdeacon Puddicombe and the Rev. G. M. D'Arcy Irvine) together with the Rev. Lucat Lucat Williams of Sydney and the Rev. Stan ley Howard of Bowral. The Rev. D. P. lM. Hulbert, M.A, Messrs. W. Conolly, W. C. Harris, and other influential gedtlemen were also in attendance. Exactly at eight o'clock his Lordship opened the meeting by calling upon the Rev. G. M. D'Arcy Irvine to engage in prayer, alter which The Right Rev. Chairman said that very few remarks would be required from him to explain the object of their meeting that even ing. As announced from the pulpit on Sun day last, it had been decided to establish two branches of the Church of England Temper ance Society-the one for St. Saviour's, and the other for St. Nicholas'. There were two branches connected with that society-one to promote temperance amongst the members of their church, and the other to induce the intemperate to abstain and thus become total abstainers, and also for the prevention of the great evil of drunkenness. He saw by a' printed paper on the table that the society had for its presidents the Archbishops of -Canterbury and York; and by another docu ment he] was also pleased to see that Her Majesty the Queen had become the patron of it. The vice-presidents and committee of the society in England were also men of great eminence. There were various modes of viewing that most important question. Some of the medical fraternity advocated total abstinence for every person, whilst others considered that temperance was the best course to pursue, and as some preferred thetemperance branch, and others found it he cessaryto be total abstainers, this provision for members had very wisely been made. He considered therefore that when they saw a person who could not refrain from being intemperate in his use of strong drink, they should use their utmost endeavours to induce him to become a total abstainer. It was their duty to endeavour, by means of lectures, sermons, and circulation of information on the subject, to forward the interests of the Society; as by those means they would induce persons to consider-morally, mentally, and physically-that great question. All should use their best endeavours to benefit their fellow-creatures by joining such societies as. theirs ; and they should induce the legislature to pass a measure in faAor of that great move: ment. He relied more upon the exertions.of the people to do what they could to induce those who used the alcohol to become total abstainers, than upon anything that could be said at such meetings as the present. There could be no doubt that intemperance was injurious to health and happiness, and des tructive alike to the body and the soul. It was a remarkable thing to him how a person who had been a drunkard for a long time and become a total abstainer, when he again tasted the alcoholhe' lost all power of.:self.'cntrol and-ran into extremes. They wanted to help such persons to abstain altogether, and not put temptation in their way. In England the sin of intemperance was national; and when they considered the statistics which had been published by the greatest authorities there, it' was enough to make them shudder. He belleved he was correct in stating that '25,ooo,ooo sterling were spent in beeralone, while the whole of the denominations in England raised only about half-a- million of money for missionary purpose; they expended in the home"country in intoxicatnig liquors alone no less than ~65,ooo,ooo; ,and when ever Englishmen migrated' to. distant lands, they were found equally -intemperate in their drinking habits. The first thing an English-. man appeared to do when "settling in a new country was to build a public-house. They' might see it now at Temora; and, when he went to Grenfell many years ago they were building stores, but the public-houses were there ready to be be opened. Englishmen. must be taught to know that drunkenness was a sin against God, which could only be over come by the power of the Holy Ghost. They must try and make people believe it is an enormous sin to be intemperate in their habits. Seeing the evils of intemperance, and the advantages that must be gained from such a movement as that which they purposed establishing in Goulburn, he intended using his utmost endeavours to bring the proposed: branches of the Churclh of England Tempers ance Society to a successful issue. The Rev. Lucat Williams, the principal of Moore College, Sydney, moved the first resolution, which was as follows: That this meoting recognises the wide.sapr'oad in 'of intemperance to be the fruitful source of poverty, crime, and irreligion, and believes that suoh an association as the U. E.T.S. will be a likely means in God's hands of helping to reclaim the drunkard, of discouraging drunkenness, and of guarding the young from that insidious and fatal habit. As" to the first part of the resolution, he did not think he need say much; for he believed there was not a master there who did not know what it was to have a servant who had been everything that could be wished for-faithful, honest, trustworthy,-and yet who had gone into his garden and found the man rolling drunk; or a. mistress who did not know that her cook who was everything else that could be wished for, had turned out a drunkard. In the city of Goulburn he thought they had as much 'drunkenness in proportion to the population as in any other place that he had been. He was at one of the gaols the other day, and after going round, he said to the gaoler, " How much of the crime in this prison do you think is due to drink ?" In reply to this query the gaoler said, "You may say all of it, sir !" He had made it his special business to eudea vour to find out the enormuous expense to the country that drunkenness was. It was therefore on that ground alone worthy of every Christian to consider the best means to adopt to put an end to that evil. What was the association ? His Lordship the Bishop had already said some thing about its origin and its nature He however wished to remind the meeting of its special nature. There were two branches connected with it. The paper he held in his hand gave the pledge in two ways-one, to do his or her best as a Christian for the sup pression of intemperance and to promote the objects of the society; and the second, to abstain from the use of intoxicating drinks except for religious or medical purposes. The first of these was what he wished parti cularly to direct their attention to. Those who could not see their way to become total abstainers, and yet w;shed to forward the cause of temperance, could join this society. He could imagine some saying-" What need have we for such a society as this?" He doubted not that in Goulburn many of them had been very energetic iti forwarding the work of temperance. Knowing the good that the Good Templars lodges had accom plished in different parts of the colony, he doubted not that they had a branch in Goul burn. This was a Church of England soci ety, and consequently a Christian one; and the members of it generally did not belong to the Good Templars and similar lodges be cause they did not care about the titles that were given to the officers therein; but they felt that they had a baptismal vow which they should ever hold sacred. Many said-What is the use of these half-hearted temperance people who are not teetotallers ? He how ever would ask such persons if it were not in the spirit of the Bible to encourage every feeling for. the spread of good. Was one person, because he did not see exactly as one's self,, to be discouraged in his desire after good.' ? If all the squatters in the neigh 'bourhood were to sign a pledge to exert themselves for the spread of temperance, would anyone say that they would not influ ence their families on the side of temperance ,and against drunkenness? Were they to say that they would not accept the services of such a large body ? They should remember that the starting of such a society was but the beginning of their work. The society would be the nucleus from which to work in the cause of temperance. They would have to work in reclaiming the drunkard, and in keeping men sober.who were sober. They would have to work-not alone, but with the help of other societies-in promoting public opinion in favor of temperance and in re moving the causes that lead to intemperance. They would 'have, if they desired the work of the society to prosper, to start a house in this city that would answer the purpose of the 'Coffee Palace in Sydney; for they would never be able to do much in the direction indicated until they had some place of the kind mentioned, to which persons could re sort instead of going into the public-houses. He urged them to establish the society on 'thoroughly' business principles, and not have too 'many clergymen connected with the management of it. If they helped the cause in every, wayi possible, what, they did' would come back. to them ,not onily with a, blessing, but. two-fold aincrease.: They' would also de sire that the law be iobre Sparticular as to:the adulteration of '.beer and' other- 'spirituous liquors, as well -s about the publican being more particular in regard to suliplying liquor to those who had already taken too much of theim, and 'ii inducing the legislature to so alter the Licensing Act as to bring about the system of. local option. :The 'Rev?: Stanley Howard of Bowral, after giving a description of the scenes presented in FFrnce after -the Franco-Prussian war, as witnessed' by himself, proceeded to ask What; need was: there to. call' a meeting in Paris to get rid of the Germans .as soon as possible ? . There would be no need of it, as the people of France had all.: made' up their minds that-the Germans were the.aggressors and yet he found men to-day,,amongst whom' were noble and able. persons, and amongst a nation that was bound to prosper-a nation of industrious and energetic people-who were held in bondage by a certain power and it.was found necessary to 'call a' meeting to tell them about it. They went about, and what did they see ? He (the speaker) came a stranger to Goulburn and drove 'up to a shop front. A man under the :influence of drink, and with scarcely any clothes to cover his body, came up to him and. asked him-a number of very foolish questions in a. most indistinct'manner; and yet if that man' had been it.otal abstainer he would most prob ably' have been .a credit to society. They went t'o :the homes of sonme-homes that had once beed bright and happy, homes that had at one time' every blessing which this world could give-and they found that after the lapse of only a few years those.lihomes had been devastated through intemperance. They might see a young woman who once was happy, iu a very short time withered up and become prematurely old, witli diseased chil dren ; whilst their father was in some asylum, or even worse than that. They had heard these stories, and seen such sights. (A voice: "Thliere are two sides to the question!") He felt convinced that there was no family represented at that meeting that one or more miembers of it had not been influenced by drink. They might go through every grade of society-the shopmen, storekeepers, clerks, and even those engaged in the ministry; and everywhere they would see the wretchedness which had been brought about through that one great evil. There were many ministers of the gospel whose reputation had been ruined through drink. They found numbers of homes devastated through that evil; and yet they did so listle to put a stop to it. There were many other sins rampant in the world; but that of intemperance stood out by itself. It did not bear the same kind of treatment or allow of the same instruments being brought to bear upon it. There were some evils rampant amongst them that they could not call public meetings to try and put down. They had some of the evil effects of intemperance brought before them that night; and if they wanted more facts to bear upon the. question, they need only refer to the newspapers and keep a book or a few sheets of paper in which to enter every death and police court case recorded in the paper as having occurred through drink. Notwith standing all this, however, those records were only a very small proportion of the evils ti.at happened through indulgence in intemperate habits. They should tlierefure as a society ,ry and do something to combat that evil. He thouglit they would all acknowledge that t he Church of England Temperance Society % was a good one. He (the speaker) was ac recruiting sergeant for that great army which was being established in different parts of 1 New South Wales. They had a branch of the society at Bowral, and another at Mitta gong. These branches were only small at present; but he doubted not they would grow. They were now going to establish two others in Goulburn. They may be only small at first; but let the members be only true and godly, and they would find the peo ple rally round the standard, and the society would grow and prosper. He asked them was not that standard of Christianity dis graced by the prevalence amongst them of the accursed evil of intemperance. And shall they not rally round that standard ? It was just because there was that distinct dif ference between the society that he was ad vocating the claims of, and other temperance societies, that he so strongly urged them to join the society that evening. Their society, if it would be a success, must be worked on Christian principles. Other people who were not Christians could have their temperance societies, and they wished them all well; but: theirs being a Christian society, went under the banner of Jesus Christ. He asked them therefore to rally round that standard. He also wished to inquire from each of those present what they had done in the past with, their money, their time, and their influence, in any possible way to fight against that great evil of intemperance ? If he and the other ministers of the gospel around him had not done much for the cause, they ought to be ashamed of themselves. He had been a teetotaller for sixteen years; and if such had not been the case, he had seen enough during that period to make him become a total ab. stainer that evening, They should all exa mine the matter, and seek to impress them selves with the enormous evils which the drinking customs of society were effecting amongst their fellow men and women, and boys and girls; and resolve, personally and independently of everyboiy else, that they would do what they could to oppose that great foe, and when they saw others do like wise they could join together and thus mutu ally assist each other. They were going to form a society for the purpose of endeavoring to put a stop to the spread of intemperance that evening; but each of those who joined it should feel that the success of the society depended personally upon their exertions. He wished to _point out that none but those who desired to indulge freely and unneces sarily in intoxicating liquors should withhold their names from that society. By not join ing such a society they would be doing a wrong to themselves, to their country, to their church, and to their God. That tem perance pledge was one which everyone but a drunkard or an habitual tippler ought to sign. He advised them all, especially the young, to join the teetotal society, as that was the only safeguard for them. [The rev. gentleman's speech, which lasted forty min utes, was illustrated throughout with anec dotes showing the evil effects resulting from strong drink.] The resolution was then put to the meeting and carried unanimously. The Rev. G. M. D'Arcy Irvine moved the next resolution, which was as follows : That in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable to form parochial branches of the Church of England Temperance Society for the parishes of St. Saviour's and St. Nicholas', Goulburn. The rev. gentleman said that at no time in her history did the Church of England recognise the sacred duty, which her high and commanding position had imposed upon her -of promoting the religious; social, and moral condition of the people-more than at the present time. She did not arrogate to herself an exclusiveness in such work, but as an institution she would yield to none in her longing, yearning desire to save the masses from misery and degredation. The parent society of the Church of England Temper ance Association had now lasted for years, and it might well be a matter for rejoicing to every member of the Church of England present that the various diocesan branches throughout the world had been the agents in God's hands of saving thousands from the ruin consequent upon the excessive use of intoxicating liquors. Membership was not confined to members of the Church of England; he believed that there was no such, restriction. The society . certainly worked upon the lines of the Church of England, and availed itself of the organization of the Church, but it knew no connection with either ecclesiastical or political' parties. All who wished to join the society niight do sb. The basis of the society would be found in its printed manual; it was this-" Union: anrid co-operation on perfectly equal terms be tween those who use and those who abstain from alcoholic drinks, in endeavoring to promote its objects." The society there fore refused to confound temperince with total abstinence. It employed both in its zeal to arrest the terrible evils in cident upon drunkennes. That as this was the basis of the parent society-a basis de cided upon by the united wisdom and expe rience of the Archbishops and Bishops of the Church of England - no particular branch of the society could alter it. If such branch adopted any other, it would not be working upon the lines of the Church of England. Whatever it might think of total abstinence, the society felt it would be unfair to the sober to compel everyone to abstain because someone might take too much. Probably it might also be argued that tem perance without abstinence was intrinsically better than temperance with abstinence. At all events, this society did not see its way to preaching total abstinence as a gospel. The Lord's Supper involved the use of wine; St. Paul commanded it--"a little wine"-to Timothy. Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ was not a total abstainer, neither did HIe encourage it inothers. Nevertheless the Church of England Temperance Society would never discourage teetotalism. In some neighbourhoods, and for some persons, it was the only road to temperance. There were also those who, if they preached not this, would preach nothing. This society wished them God speed, though the lines of its work were different from theirs. The sociefy knew well that for some persons total abstinence was the only safeguard. [The rev,. gentleman here stated that there were men at the meeting that night upon whom he had urged the absolute necessity in their case of total abstinence.j This great society therefore welcomed in its membership all who were desirous of working in the cause or eniperance, and who felt that either in per son or by pecuniary help, by persuasion or by example, they could do something to arrest the progress of this terrible and .col lossal sin. In England there were twenty three Diocesan Associations with a member ship of 129,ooo. A committee appointed by the Convocations of Canterbury and York showed that £130,000,000 was actually spent in intoxicating liquors (Dawson Burns made it £257,000,000); and that 50,000 lives were annually lost through drink. He (the rev. speaker) did not know what the annual expenditure in New South Wales was; but he happened to know that in New Zea land about £2,000,o000o was annually spent in the purchase of intoxicating liquors. Every philanthropist must. therefore feel that the Church of England was not very far out. when she determined as a body, as a great and growing institution, her Divine Head helping her, to do what she could to "arrest the progress of this evil. A warm friend and parishioner of his (Mr. D'Arcy Irvine) had a short time back put forth a rather ingenious plea for the sale of drink-it might be called the statesman's argument-in its favor, viz., that drink supplies £7.3,000,000 of taxes, and that the state cannot afford to lose that. A celebrated writer upon this very point meets this argument in a very conclu sive way. " If you had no drunkenness," he says, "you. would enormously. diminish the necessity for- taxation; whilst you would increase' the wealth of the. country, and therefore tke tax-paying power, by liberating, for productive industries, millions that are now - poured' into unproductive or pauper ising industries. Is' it not short-sighted, then, to say we must not get rid of the liquor traffic, because we shall lose the revenue of the liquor taxes ? I say, with out this hotbed of. disease and crime and waste, the people would be better able to pay, provisions would be cheaper, life would be more attractive, health would be greatly improved, suffering of all kinds would dimin ish, and pauperism would vanish. When the State collects the liquor taxes, it is merely taking money out of one of its pockets to put into the other; for the sale of liquor creates the' crime and pauperism, and the tax on liquor is then levied to pay the damages. State-money and charity- money, i.e., the peo ple's money, are constantly driven round this vicious circle by drink. What fills "the pri sons ?' drink; who pays for ..the prisons ? the State. Who occupy the police? the drunk ards; who pays? again the State. What fills the workhouses ? want, born of drink. Who pays for lunatic asylums, reformatories, hospitals, and every other miserable bung that we use to stop up the cracks and leak ages of the great ship of the English Com monwealth ? I say the people pay and get nothing in return save a very imperfect pro tection from the evils they are themselves creating and permitting. Put down drink, and shut up the workhouse, the prison, the hospital, and the lunatic asylunm. Put down drink, and give the people busy hands and happy homes. Put down drink, and let the divine summer, of health and religion break upon our diseased and darkened land." How (said the speaker) is this to be done? . The rev. gentleman then read from the " Manual " the various means recommended and endeal voured to be carried out by the Church of England Temperance Society, and wound up his speech by an -earnest appeal to all wlio were present to give themselves to the Lord, that thus, being filled with the Spirit, they would bring forth the fruits of the Spirit, the last of which was "Temperance." (The rev. gentleman sat down amidst loud and -con tinued applause.) The Venerable Archdeacon Puddicombe seconded the resolution. vwhichl had been so ably proposed by his dear friend andi brother, the Rev. D'Arcy Irvine He did not intend to try and persuade those whoni he saw'be fore him of the evils' of intemperance; for knowing them all, he was persuaded that they felt thoroughly the evils of that sin. There was not one present who did not know some man or woman who was not bringing disgrace upon themselves or their families. No one could look around them without see ing on all sides the bitter fruits 6f that sin. There was not a hospital or gaol that did not speak most effectually of the evil effects of drink. The stuff that they got in some of the public- houses actually blistered the mouths of those who drank it; and yet-those who were loud in their condemnation of such publicans,' when they got over the effects very soon went to the same houses and got more of the fiery liquor. This was especially noticeable upon the diggings that be had visitedsome years ago. He hoped he need not speak to any of them concerniing thie duty of doing all they could to try and stein and stop the spread of the evil. :'Seeing ' the wretched consequences that the intemperate indulgence in drink effected; they would be less than Christians and less than men it 'they did:not feel it to be their duty to do ivh't they could to try and put a stop to the evil effects of intemperance. If they call them selves the followers of Him who went about doing good, he wished to show them that the formation of a branch of the Church of Eng land Temperance .Society was the best stelp they could take in the direction pointed out. Many other societies liere established; buti he must say that his views were totally in accord with the Church of England society, because it was a Christian society. They bound themselves together as Christians. One reason why he thought that, was, that he had already given the pledge to some seven teen persons, and had been asked to do so to others. He was sorry to say that of those seventeen all were not staunch. He had asked some of those who wished to take the pledge from him why they did not join the Good Templars or Sons of Temperance; and they had invariably told him that they did not care about them on account of their non- Christian character It was therefore a good thing that their church had taken the matter up. He liked the society not only be cause it was connected with the church; but for its principles. It recognized both those who are total abstainers and those who are not. By doing this they got a mucl stronger society-men of great influence, earnest, honest, -God-fearing men; and he thought they would find it the best means of helping them to do their work. The resolution pro vided for the establishment of two branches of the association.-one for St. Saviour's, and he other for St. Nicholas'. This was a wise step, as they could not expect people' to ittend so well to the meetings at the other end of the town if they lived at the north; nor it they lived at the south could they so well attend the meetings at the north as if they had a society in their midst. He also thought it would be wise for them to have the clergyman of each parish as the president of the society. This resolution was also -carried without a dissentient. Mr. W. Conolly, J.P., moved That the Lord Bishop of Goulburn be patron of the two auxiliaries now formed, and that committees of management be forthwith formed in each parish, under the presidency of their respective incumbents. He hoped everyone in that room would join the society,' as he should do under the Vene rable Archdeacon Puddicombe,and he hoped with his Lordship the Bishop as their patron. He spoke of the Catholic nature of the soci ety, stating that it was the first temperance meeting that.he had an opportunity of at tending during his long residence in Goul burn; and his sympathies were entirely with the movement. Mr. W. C. Harris, in seconding the resolu tion, wished the movement all the success which -it deserved; and he should be very happy to do anything in his power to further the objects of. the same. This motion having also been carried, the signattires of nearly all the grown-up people present, were obtained as willing to join either the -St. Saviour's or St.-Nicholas' branch of the society. Mr. H. Pinn consented to act as?secreitry to the St. Nicholas' branch.' : A vote-of thanks was then accorded to the visiting clergymen for their excellent ad dresses, and to his Lordship the Bishop for presiding ; and after the benediction had been pronounced, the meeting dispersed. 