Entertainments. The second and third performances of " George Keith" and " My Uncle's Will" were fairly at tended, though not so well as the plays and the performers merited. The audience, however were very enthusiastic, and Miss Mayor and Mr! Reeve were several times called before the mail train. " My Uncle's Will is a charming come, died ta, and the dialogue between Florence Mary, gold and her sailor cousin fairly sparkles with wit. Mr. Forbes, as the old gentleman who is be anxious to increase their differences in order to devote the money which, under the provisions of the will is to come to him if they refuse to marry to "an asylum for insane dogs," is also very amusing. To-night the company will open in "Diplomacy," the adaptation of Victorian Sardou's celebrated play "Dora" said by the Athcnccum to be the " most admirable comedy of modern life that has yet been seen." The following sketch of the plot is from the S. M. Herald : " The first scenes are laid at Monto Carlo ; the last in Paris. Captain Julian Beauclerc and Dora are the most conspicuous figures in the group. It transpires that Beau, Pere has been nursed through an alarming illness by the Countess Zicka, an unprincipled ad- venturers, who falls in love with him. He, however, does not return the affection ; he loves and marries Dora, a large-hearted, high-principled creature, who, with her widowed mother, has lived on very slender monetary resources. When the marriage has taken place Zicka becomes inflamed with anger, and guided by impulses of revenge, cherishes a resolution she imagines will lead to a disunion of the interchanged loves of Julian and Dora. Count Orloff, a political refugee, and a friend of Julian, has in the ordinary exchange of course teamed given to Dora his portrait. Julian, who in his professional capacity as a military attache at the Court of Vienna, is entrusted by his Government with a tracing of the fortifications of Constantinople, which has been prepared in order. pation of a British occupation of those works, and which is regarded as being of special value and importance to those he represents. Zicka by means of stealth, obtains possession of the portrait and the tracing. Learning that Orloff has returned to Russia to visit his estates, she his the portrait sent to the Russian authorities, and Orloffin consequence is arrested and imprisoned. The tracing she surreptitiously places in a letter Dora has written to Baron Stein, who is engaged in espionage on behalf of the Russian Government. Orloff, having seen the likeness he gave to Dora in possession of the St. Petersburg authorities, imagines Dora has forwarded it to them, and he returns to Julian and informs him of his impressions, and volunteers the very unsatisfactory statement that Dora and her mother are adventureEsea in the pay of the Russian police. This takes place previous to his knowledge that Julian was married Dora. It naturally enraged that officer, who of course had implicit reliance on his wife's loyalty to him. Suddenly, and before Julian has recovered the irritation resulting from OrlofFs accusations, it is discovered that the tracing is lost. All the evidence Zicka makes her arrangements so adroitly leads to the conviction that Dora has sent it to Stein, and to her having also transmitted the portrait of Orloff to St. Petersburg. This leads to renewed complications, which are in no way reduced by Dora, for she, smarting with indigna- tion at her husband's tacit accusation that she has been disloyal to him, refuses to make any explanatory statement. At this stage one would readily imagine that Zicka's intentions would be realised. But a greater diplomatist than she is in on her track-Henry Beauclerc, Julian's brother, a man of clear thought and inflexible will, who brings her guilt home to her, and places her in such circumstances that she is of necessity impelled to confess it to Julian and Dora. The climax of the play is, of course, the restoration of Julian's and Dora's confidence in each other." Professor Pepper's entertainment was crowded on Saturday night, and the startling nature of the ghost's appearance and mysterious disappearance formed a subject of great wonder- ment amongst the audience. The fine views of Afghanistan and scenes from the late war were most realistically produced. To-night a fresh series of apparitions will be presented, of an amusing nature, one of them being a little piece called the "Haunted Barber," which enjoyed a long run in London. Pygmalion and Galatea" will again be produced, and a new series of groups of statuary will also be shown. The entertainment will conclude with views in cloudland and other interesting scenes. The professor's stay here is announced to be extended for a few days, but it is not likely he can remain much longer. The Electric Coamorama is announced for exhibition this evening at the Town Hall. The views include a tour round the world, the Zulu war ; a tour in Ireland, with sketches of Irish life and character ; the Afghanistan War, and Niagara. The variety of the subjects ought to make the show an attractive one, especially as the interest of the views will be enhanced by means of descriptive lectures and vocal and instrumental music. 