LITTLE EILLEEN;. TaE FtsuERM?AN's DAUGoTEaR on, THE PRsDE. OF GALWAY: By Gerald K. Lorrimer. CHAPTER I. THE FISHRRMAN\'S DAUGRTER. ' De mighty Lord ! Look a-dar, Phadrig.'" '! Howly Moses! whats the matther wid the nagur now ? It's a quare daarkey ye are, :Pomp, at all, always afther kickin' up a devil av a row about nuthin'. Is it the wurruld's end ye see, wid Ouid Nick backin' up to spear yes, wid the end a .his: tail, jist?.' ,: .. . . _ " WVss'n that, I specks. Look a yonder!" He pointed over the sea, ;owhere;a dark object. surmounted by a small black cloud, was rapidly rising out. of the water..: . i ,:The aseakers were lying on the sands at Slyne Head, on the coast.of Galway, watching .the sea.: Phadrig .wao.a native of old Galway, and there. in he hiad the advantage, of the col oured man,.who had been- cast .up .by the sea, the sole survivor of a wreck; when a youth; and the people of the coast having been very kind to him, he had remained with them, and was now, with Phadrag, in the service of Dennis O'Malley, the fisherman, "on shares." " What the divil is it, anyhow I" ejaculated Phadrig, risiag and gazing in astonishment at tile queer shape out at sea. " If it wasn't black I'd be afther saving it was a spook. Did ro iver hear tell av a sperit bein' black, Pomp ? Hiowly St. Patrick I mebbe it's the ghost av a nagur." The "queer" shape assumed form. It became a long and narrow cylinder, rising rapidly up towards the heavens. Suddenly the cloud above darted down and united with the cylinder, which whirled around and advanced toward the s'ore at an alarming rate of speed, while a roaring sound was heard and the sea at its bace became a raging whirlpool, lashed into foam. Och, murther i " shouted Phadrig, as he saw the shape advancing. " I'll niver stop here an' be tuck up to hiven a in that cloud av brimatun. Look at t the fire dartin' out av the sides av it Begorra; its sint from the other place. Take to yer legs, Pomp-the ouldd. Sboy's after yez." " Howly saints! Miss Eilleen, re" mnsn't stay here," he gasped. :" Hool? out yonder Satan an' his imps is comi:.' Run fer yer life!" Eilleen O".Malley, the fishermoan's daughter, made a very picture as she stood on the sands holding Phadrig's arm.. Her figure was lithe and rounded, her face was browned by the winds of the coast'of Galway, and her:: hair was blown around her by the light breeze that was now commencing' to be felt, and it was no wonder that. the honest fisherman round about., called her the beauty and pride of Galway. "What is it yer standin' there fer now ?" continued Phadrig, looking over .his shoulder with a startled glance toward the terrible shape at.: sea. " Don't ye see the Onid Harry's afther us wid all sail set?" "Where do you intend to go for. safety ? " asked Eilleen, quietly. " Faix, we'll ran for the house, av course." "That shape out yonder would demolish the house in a second. It's a water-spout. I never saw one before, bhut I have read of them." ""De mighty Lordt " cried Pomp, showing the whites of his eyes and, turnimg .a shade lighter with pallor. "Ouf! we's goners, suah." y, At that instant a small skiff, with but a single occupant, that had been. hidden from view by a headland, came into view, its occupant pulling for the shore for life. The water-spout pursued him like a 'O demon. Had it come on steadily, in a straight line, he might have escaped by pulling at right angles to its course; but it described curves, dart ing suddenly this way and that, and Id no one could say which direction it would assume the next instant. The better chance of safety, then, would be to pull straight for the shore, regard less of the pursuer. Those on the shore watched this r strange and awful race with clasped hands andl heating hearts it For a quarter of a ,iile the sea at tihe base of the water.spout was a mass of foam. " The outer edge of the whirl pool caught the skiff a hundred yards from the shore, ano in an instant it was capsized and its occulpant hurled into the sea. " Help ! help !" came faintly to our ears, as they saw a hand and arm thrown up above the mass of loam. Little Eilleen ran wildly up and down the sands. It was terrible to see a man drowning before her eyes.. " Oh ! can nothing be done to save hint ?" she cried, wringing her hands. " Sorr a thing," groaned Phladrig. "Oh. 'tis a sad day for Gilway."' While Pomp. filling dat down on t the sands, covered his face and shud dered: " Dar's no hope for the white man, missy-no hope, no hope !" Having done its work, the angry whirlpool, through some unaccounta ble freak of nature, paused in its track and remained in the same place, whirling round and round as if re volving on the pivot, and sending out a hissing roaring sound. The swimmer coutd be seen strug gling desperately in the very edge. of the whirlpool, and striving manfully to release himself from its iron grip. Hae d he been nearer its centre he would have been drawn under in ' stantly, and lost. As it was, he could not gain an inch, and barely hold his own. ig Little Eilleen, shrieking aloud in the sympathy of her tender heart, wild with anxiety for the almost exhausted swimmer, although she knew not who he was, ran a few steps to a small cove, where lay her skitf. S"Ilowle' mother !" shouted Phadrig as she shoved it from the sand and if sprang in. " Come back, Eilleen! IFor the love av hiven come back or you'll be kilt intirely!" SEirleen paid- no heed to his en it treaties as he came running towards her; but bent to the oars and sent the r, skiff spinning out to sea, directly toward the water-spout. She reached the edge of the whirl pool. It caught her boat, but not r, witl force enough to render her un it able to control the skiff by exerting all her strength, although, if she were drawn in ten yards farther, no. human power could save lier. The swiaitner was almost exhausted. lie struggled, for he saw help coming, but could do no more than hold his head above the water. Eilleen forced her hoat to him. He caught it at the stern and he,:lI with a death grip. Bending to her oars once more, she rowed as she hadl neverr srow.d b.fore. Ih.was a struggle of a slighlt girl against the rging ellemiet, nld site cunfquared at hIst. Inch iy inch she gained, and at last dr.-w clar ot the Slwhirlpool into thie calim water. Aud then the water- sluiut, as if aware that it hadl betn clhested of its Sprey, seemed toe rise bodily out of Sthe sea, taking the water with it. And then with a loud andi sullen roar, it liut itself inminotion and umoed sutvtly up the coast.' \- Billeen; exnhaLstfdnow'tbh-daeger was past, dropped the oars and sank fainting on'. the bottom of the skiff. SPhibdrig who hand been groaning and pitying on the shoe leaped into the sea, "struck out with bold and lusty stroces, and was alongside in a ma S; Climbing:inlo the skiff he leaped to the stern and caught the rescued man, who,'now .thoroughly exhausted, -was just. releasing .his. hold..i Phadrif, strong as i - lion lifted him orer, the '! And now there were two senseless in 'the boue.t ;Eiileen :who was -lyin i·i consiihs' at the bow, and hewho:had been saved almost by' a miracle,:: ad w;ho had'fainted in the stern: I:'1 SIt's a.divil ais a mass, to be sure!" muttered'Phadrig ail heilookedi from to the other.' "~urei they're as party a pair as iver me eyes beheld, to take the isosaO them togethlier. ·Auagiwid yez, Phadrig,, an'" be after snkin '!.this craftashore quicier'n Pomp-over yon der, could .cale a herein'. ' " With this' Phadrig :bent to his oars, and sent thd skiff spinning into tie little cove. Sully," said the dairkey, as .he sprang i*nto the skitf and saw. the freight. ";Ano'dej- de'ad, Phadrig ?:' SSorra a bit of' tie knows. Shouldelr up the young gontleman, an' be alter cartiu' him to the house wid ye." The house of O'Ma1lley, the fisher man, was just beyotnd the range of sand bills that rose bheond the beach, a hundred yards or so from thie edge ot the sea, andt to thie houte Pomp car ried t~ youun~ mat in his braway arms, closely followed by Phadrig, who bore Eilleen. Eileen had no mother, and as ler; father was too poor to hire a house- e keeeper she acted in that capacity and was servant as well. And so when a Pomp reached the house, he hardly - knew what to do with his burden. Just then Phadrig came up. "-Be after takin' him intil the house . ye fool, " said Phadrig. " Begorra, t t takes a moighty good men to bate a nagr'fbr sthupidity." 'The darkey carried his burden into the house, where further contention between him and Phadrig was put an end to by Eilleen, who now reoovered: consciousness, and realised what was going on. "Pot me down Phadrig, she.said. "An' soI will, be the token."" Overjoyed that she had ccme -to herself, he placed her in a chair. " Glory till the saints ! " he ejacu lated. "An' ivery wan av 'em be thanked that yer not dead at all.": " Missy," said Pomp, " these yer arms ob mine am gittin' tired." - " Take him up stairs to the .front room, Pomp." - "!Lord lab ye, Missy' Eilleen, dat ar's de spar room." " I know it-take him there." . " This was dbne, anid then : Eilleen said: • Run for thedoctor, Pomp. And rou, Phadrig, attend to him .: She went out of the room, and when she returned the young man was in bed with Phadrig sitting at the bed side watching him. . The fisherman's daughter stood at the foot of the bed, and looked at his face.' He was a very handsome man, in spite of his extreme pallor,' and his age, so far as they could judge, - must have been somewhere between twenty three -and twenty-five. " " "Phadrig," said Eilleen after awhile, " do you ever think- you saw him before?" ' . " Paix, I've been thlnkin' that same, but I can't place him."- - "And will he die, do von think ?" S'' Indade, thin, butit's barrud tellion' He's moightr low, but mebbe the docther'll be afther bringin' him round agin.: He's a gintleman, sure,, fer his hands are'most as-small as yer .own, an' the clothes I tauk off av- him are the best." " I wonder where he came from, and where he was going," said Eilleen, with a half sigh. -. ":'Phadrig made no answer to -this question, and presently the doctor came. By this time the patient was delirious, muttering incoherently and tossing his arms wildly. . The doctor said his condition, was precarious, ordered that the room should be darkened and that he should be kept as quiet as possible. " Under no circumstances must he be moved. "Do you know him ?" asked the doctor. Eilleen told her story. "Strange," said the physician. " Re resembles some one I have seen, but I cannot place him now." Which was almost identical.:with the remark -Phadrig had made. .. Having left medicines the doctor took his leave, promising to come again in the morning. - ... . It was dusk when O'Malley, the fisherman, came home, having been to the adjoining town to see about -the sale of some dried fish. Eilleen -was at the time sitting at the stranger's bedside. Phadrig met the fisherman at the door and, told- him: what had -happened, and of Eilleen's .occupation. O'Malley went up stairs and entered the room. . .... i .'".. i ell,'Eilleenme gurrul, "he said, an' so ve've turned nurse, have ye ?" \- Eilleetiput her finger to her lips. :" Come and look; at him, - father, she whispered. - For the first time since the doctor's visit the young manlay quiet, having. fallen into a condition which was part 'sleep, pars stupor.. .- . - i "He's a fine looking fellow enough," -said-the fisherman. " What is it yer -going to-do with him, - Eilleen ?" - " I am going to nurse, him hack to -health, father." - . - " Sure, if any one can do that same, "you can, me gurrull. .-But ye'll-.not have the time to attend to him, Eilleen. -Ye do enough now for two.'.' \- '-Then I'll do - enough - for. three ' until he 'gets well,"? said the girl, bravely.- " .- . - .- . And so she -did, .this. fisherman's .pretty daughter, and she did it well and faithfully, attending to her house -bold duties without neglect, and then hastening to his bedside to soothe by her pleasant voice and touch: his wild delirium.-: - - \-- ?For a week this continned,and-then :the fever was broken.... Eilleen had gone out for a short walk- when he flrst came to himself, and -her- father, 'who seemed: to have., taken quite a -fanoy to their guesti,-was at his bed side.' The patient :bad been:asleep, and when he opened his eyes O'Malleysaw -that: he was conscious. The fisher :man drew back so that he. might not be'.seen, but was too late.. : " .Don't go, ".said a feeble voice.-, t ":?.Don' ttalk,' said the fisherman, kindly. "Go to sleep- again, add :whenyon wake I will tell you eveiy -thin .: .. ?. - ; -:iL." hat has happenedf I. am ,very Sweak.?: cathardly raise my hand." · " " You hare been a little sick. . But you'llisoon be/well -again,. an' then \- we'llsend ye wherever ye wish to go." The young man tried to arise in bed but instantly fell back again from \- weakness. \- " Is it possible you don't know who SI am 7" he whispered. 31y name. is -Maurice Fitz.ertld---" He would have said more, hut was intierupted by the fisherman, who \- uttered a low cry and sprang forward to the bed and looked intently at- the :youhg man's face. Then he started up and raised his clenched fist above the bed. " By the high hiven, yer not lyin'?" he shouted, his face as fierce as a :demon's. His fist had been raised as if to strike, but he drew it back, and, with -a cry of rage, darted to the dour, ran through it and down the stairs. As .he was rushing rom the house, be met -Eilleen, She saw his face, and knew that something terrible had occurred Catching his sleeve site tried to stop him. " Is he dead ?I " shle cried, that great fear uppermost. " Fatier t II me, oh tell what has happened ?" The -fisherman's voice was thick with passion as he answered: " Let me go, gurrull! Let me go, I tell ye! " he cried hoarsely. "Ye've nursed a viper back to life ; an' he shall lave me house this day if I have to carry him through the dure mesilf pa' throw him into 'he sea! " (To beCo ntinuitcl in our nert.) 