The Truth about Ghosts. Mr. J. N. Maskelyne, writing to the Daily Telegraph, says Having for many years recognised by the public as an ant realist and exposer of the frauds Brac- by spirit-media, it may surprise some of readers to learn that I am a believer in tions. Several similar occurrences to described by many of your correspon- have taken place in my own family and families of near friends and relatives, most remarkable one happened to my mother some years ago. Late one evening, whilst sitting alone busily occupied with her needle, a strange sensation came over her, and upon looking she distinctly saw her aged mother trading at the end of the room. She rubbed her weary eyes, and looked again, but the pe'ctre had vanished. She concluded it was imagination, and retired to rest, thinking nothing more of the vision, until the next day ought the news that her mother, at about same time the apparition had appeared, fallen down in a fit and expired. I will relate a circumstance which happened to self, as it may tend to throw some light these common occurrences. When a and learning to swim, I got out of my h, and was very nearly drowned, insensible when taken out of water. My sensations were similar hose which have often been de by others. After the terrible feeling location I fell into a pleasant swoon, a panorama of all the principal incidents by life passed before me. The last thing could remember was a vivid picture of my home. I saw my mother, and could describe minutely where she sat, and what she was doing. Upon returning home I kept the secret of what had happened from her she, however, questioned me closely, and said she felt strangely uneasy and anxious about me, an. thought some accident had befallen me. I am. convinced that, had it been night-time, and my mother alone, with little to occupy her Mention, she would have seen my shop and perhaps the ghost of the water which closed over my head, as plainly as I xw her ghost and the ghost of the room in which she was sitting. In after years, when pondering over these and other facts, I came to the conclusion that it was quite possible for one mind occasionally to influence another, no matter how great the distance apart, especially where two hearts beat as one," or, more correctly speaking, where two brains vibrate in unison. If I am not encroaching too much upon your valuable space, I should like to state also that I have had i some experience with haunted houses. Our family occupied a house which had that reputation. It stood, and I believe still stands; in the outskirts of the town of Cheltenham. A rich old lady of miserly habits resided there for many years, and after her death strange stories were rife respecting it. Noises were heard within, and a spectre, with a green light, was often seen flitting about the empty rooms. The first night of our re- sidence in the house we retired to rest shortly before midnight. I occupied a room at the top of the house, and two or three of my sisters slept in an adjacent one. Scarcely had our candles been extinguished than we were startled by a curious tapping sound, like some one walking up stairs but came no nearer, although the tapping continued several minutes. I began to feel alarmed aji¿,fancied I saw the shadow of a female "OBS my room. I called out " Who's "' and my sisters who were also g to the ghostly footsteps, uttered am of terror, and in a few seconds hole household was in a state of motion. The tapping ceased but nately they immediately commenced and after a few minute's search, I lowered the ghost to be nothing more than ever of rain, and from a leakage in the ter over my window the water dropped in the lead covering of a bay window both. This proved a most useful lesson to i, and taught me to believe that although there is some " truth about ghosts," yet these phenomena are purely mundane. press dent few NarJ too: at to 