THE REVISED NEW TESTAMENT. (From the BelfastlWitneaa.) The more we read the Revised Version o^ the New Testament the better we like it. We believe that by it a great boon has been conferred on all English- speaking Chris tians, and that it will be the better appre ciated the more it is known and studied. Of course it has its errors and defects, as all human works have, but it removes so many imperfections of the old version, and adds so few of its own, that we cannot but helieve that those who value the truth of Scripture more than its form Jwill accept this revision as a great gain. There is one class of alterations which will generally be accepted as improvements. Owing to the changes which our own language has undergone in the last three hundred years, there are some words which have a different meaning now from what they had when our Authorised Version was made. All these archaic words, if they were misleading to an ordinary reader, have been changed. For instance, in 1 Thess., IV. 15, the old version has — *' We which are alive (and) remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep.' The llovised Version substitutes for ' prevent' its equivalent in modern English, aud translates — ' We that are alive, that are left unto the coming of the Lord, shall in no wise precede thorn that are fallen asleep.' So also in Matt. xviii. 25, instead of '-Jesus prevented him' the Revisers have ' Jesus spake first to him.' Again, in 1 Peter, iii. 1, wives are exhorted to be in subjection to their own husbands, ' that, if any obey not the word they also may without the word be won by the conversation of the wives.' There was a possibility of some wives understand ing the word 'conversation' in such a way as to think that it was by their pious talk, or even by their talking religion at their husbands that they were to win them to win them to the faith. But the Revisers have made such a misunderstanding im possible by substituing for 'conversation' its equivalent in modern English ' be haviour ;' thus exhibiting the meaning of the Apostle, that it is not by words at all but by deeds, by the very opposite of noisy talking and lecturing— a quiet and sub missive manner of living, that Christian women may expect to win over irreligious husbands to that which is true and good. The word 'conversation' is used in the Authorised Version to represent quite a different Greek word in Phil. iii. 20, and the Revisers have correctly substituted for it ' citizenship.' ' For our citizeuship {marginr— commonwealth) is in heaven.' The somewhat misleading translation 'Take no thought for the ninrrow' is altered into ' Be not anxious for the morrow,' and 1 Cpr. iv. 4. is made intelligible by changing by into ' against,' ' I know nothing against myself, yet am I not hereby justified.' ' For ' a peculiar people' we have now ' a people for God's) own possession,' and for the Apostle's ' carriages'' we have the more prosaic but less misleading ' baggage.' There are some passages in which there wero manifest blunders of translation, but those are surprisingly few and insignifi cant. The error of translation in Luke 23, 15, ' Nothing jworthy of death has been done unto him,' has been corrected by j altering ' unto him' into ' by him.' When we read in our Authorised Version ' Other sheep have I which are not of the fold: them also must I bring, and they shall hear my voice ; and there shall bo one Jold and one shepherd ;' these words suggest the expectation of oneness of external organ isation in the future universal Church. But this is not countenanced by the origi nal, indeed the very opposite is suggested by the deliberate use of two different Greek words fold and flock, which have been in correctly translated alike in our Authorised Version. The Revisers have corrected this error by translating 'And other sheep I have which are not of this fold : them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice; and they shall become (margin — these shall be) one flock, one shepherd.' Ln the 20th chapter of Acts the word ' bishops' ia put instead of ' overseers' in King James's version. It is said that the King himself insisted, in the interest of Epis copacy, that 'overseers' here should be substituted for 'bishops;' for it would be ruinous to Episcopacy as far ns its claims to Scriptural authority are concerned, if tho same persons who, in the 17th verse are called ' the elders of the Church,' should in the 28th verse be called ' bishops,' whom the Holy Ghost had made. However, in the present Revision, Presbyterianisni gets the full benefit of the passage, and the elders of Ephesus are called in verse 28 ' bishops' (with' overseers' in the margin), and in verse 17 they are called '-elders of the Church' (with ' presbyters' in the margin.) In the apostolic letter to the Gentile Christians (Acts xv. 23) the translation adopted by the Revisers seems much in ferior to that which is approved by the American Committee. ' The apostles and the elder brethren unto the brethren which are of the Gentiles' is much less likety to be correct than the American translation, ' The apostles and the elders, brethren, unto the bxethren which are of the Gentiles.' There ara many passages in which a slight change in the translation . throws light upon its meaning. In the account of the Samaritan woman we should have a woman, instead of the woman, and so the Revisers have: ' And upon this came His disciples; and they marvelled that he was speaking with a woman.' This alteration is explained by the difference between our customs and those of the East in regard to the seolusion of women. 'Our lamps are gone out,' is changed properly into '* Our lamps (margin — torches) are going out.' In Mark vii. 19, a somewhat obscure pass age is made clear by the translation,' This he said, making all meats clean.' And in Mark ix. 23, light is thrown on the in cident recorded by changing the ordinary translation into ' And Jesus said unto him, If thou canst! All things are possible to him that belioreth.' In 1 Cor. yi. 4, a false and perplexing meaning is removed by changing a command into a question, in accordance with the other questions in the verses before and after. ' If then ye have to judge things pertaining to this life, do ye set them to judge who are of no account in the Church \' Luke x 15, now reads, 'And thou, Capernaum, shalt thou be exalted unto heaven \ ' Thou shalt be bqought down unto Hades.' Sometimes a slight touch which sug gests that the narrator of an incident was an eye-witness of it, was obscured in the old translation and is now brought out in the new. For instance (Mark x 22) instead of the generalised statement, ' He was sad at that saying,' we have preserved by the Revisers the distinct and vivid touch con tained in the original, 'His counteuance fell at the saying' Again, in John xiii. 25, instead of 'He then, lying on Jesu3( breast, saith unto Him,' we have in the Revision, ' He, leaning bach, as he was on Jesus' breast, saith unto Him.' So also Luke xxii. 56, the Revisers, by a more literal rendering, preserve the vividness of the original, 'And a certain maid seeing him as as he sat in the light of the fire and looking steadfastly upon him.' The Hebrew forms of Old Testament words have been generally given. Even in the words spoken on the cross, Elijah and not Elias is used. This rule has many advantages and in some ca^es avoids con fusion. For instance.-many people do not know what to make of Hebrews iv. 8, ' For if Jesus had given them rest,' but the verse is made clear b}r putting Joshua instead, as' the revisers do here and in Acts, vii. 45. A great service has also rendered to those who do not know Greek, by the rule which the Reviser's observe of translating the same Greek word by the same English word. For instance, one Greek ward is in the Authorised Version translated ' elements' in Galatians, ' rudiments' in Colossians, and ' first prin ciples Hebrews, but the Revisers translate it always ' rudiments.' So also in the 7lh chapter of Romans ' lust.' ' coves,' and con cupiscence' of our Authorised Version represent the same word, and in James ii 2, 'apparel,' ' raiment/1 ' clothing,' are variations of ex pression found only in the translation. The new version uses only the one word ' clothing ' One might think that in tbe epistle to the Romans there was some recondite reason for using the different expressions 'reckoned,' 'counted,' 'imputed,' but they really only represent only one word in the original, and were used for vaiiety of sound and not of sense. This love of variation in translating the sanoe word was carried to excess by King James's' translators, and it becomes almost ridioulous in Rev. xvii. 6, 7— 'And when I saw her I wondered with great admiration. And the angol said unto me, Wherefore didst tlion nrnrvd?' Thin ii twiwUUd liteiyilly by tlta revisers, ' And when I saw hor I wondered with a great won.ler. Aud thuimfifil aaitl unto mo, Whereloiu didst thou wonder1!' 