BUST RESISTING WHEAT. The 8. A. Register has seen specimens of two kinds of American wheat which seem to be able to withstand the attacks of red rust. They are known as the Defiance and Champoin wheats — the latter being a bearded grain and the former a.plain one. The specimens have been grown at the Botanic Gardens by Dr. Schomburgk, by whom they were sown on May 20, last. Both have come up splendidly, and the Defaanco is absolutely free from red rust, while the Cham pion has been only very slightly touched by the disease. The Commissioner of Crown Lands is so pleased with the samples grown that he has telegraphed to Messrs. B. K. Bliss and Sons, of New York,; from whom the seed grains were obtained, asking them to state on what terms they will supply a considerable quantity of the wheat. If the reply be satisfactory. Mr. Flayford intends to sow a considerable portion of the wheat . procured by him at the Govern ment Experimental Farm in the south-east, and then supply farmers in the rust-affected districts with wheat which there is good reason to believe will withstand the ravages of the disease. The Defiance wheat is remarkable for the hardiness of its straw and the earliness at which it ripens. These qualities together may, perhaps, account for its success in resisting the attacks of red rust.- The Champion is also a very hard wheat, and is said to produce flour of a superior quality. The farmers throughout the colony will be pleased to hear of the action taken by the commissioner, and of. the fact that the samples grown in onr botanic gardens during a season when red rust is 'so prevalent are almost absolutely free from the disease. The testimony thus given to the good qualities of the wheat is strongly confirmatory, of evidence supplied by farmers who experi mented with the grain daring last season. Amusing Incident. — Leiehardt narrates the following: — "On 10th July, at dusk, when Charley brought in the horses, two of which, we tethered near the. camp, the form of a native- glided like a ghost into our camp, and walked directly up to the fire. John, who first saw him, cried out, 'A blackfellow I look, a black- fellow, and every - gun was ready. But the stranger was .unarmed, and evidentally un conscious of his position ; for when he saw him- sels surrounded by the horses and ourselves, he' -nimbly climbed a tree to its very summit, where he stood between some dry branches like a strange phantom or a statue. Wo called to him ana made signs for him to descend, but he not only remained silent but motionless, notwithstanding all the signs and noises we; mode. We then discharged a gun, but it had not the intended effect of inducing him to speak, -or stir. At last I desired Charley to ascend a neighbouring tree, to show him that we could easily get at him if nacessary. This plan was more successful ; for no sooner were Charley's intentions perceived than our friend gave the ; most evident proof of his being noither deaf nor. dumb,, by calling out most lustily. He pooh'd, > be burred, he spat, he cooeed ; in fact, he did ; everything to make the silent foreBt re-echo With the wild sounds of his alarm ; our horses' which were standing under the tree became frightened, and those which were loose rani away. We were much afraid that his cooees would bring tne whole tribe to his assistance, - and everyone eagerly proffered his advice. Charley wished to shoot him, " or," said he, " you wili be killed. I do not care for myself, . but 1 care for your being dead and buried." Others wished to remove from the spot and so - give him an opportunity of escaping. I was, of course, horrified at the idoa of shooting a poor.-, fellow whose only crime, if so it might -be; called, was in having mistaken our fire for that v of his own tribe ; so I went to our own fire, which was at a short distance, and where - he ; could see me distinctly, and made signs for him, to descend and go away. He then began to- be a little more quiet, and to talk ; .but .soonr. hallooed again and threw sticks at me, .and at. . my companions and at the horses.;. We. now? retired about eight yards to allow liim to escape ; which we had not done before, because i I feared he might imagine we were afraid of his < incantations, ; for he Bang most . lamentable ; corrobories, and cried like a child, frequently, exclaiming ' Mareka I Mareka 1 1' . After con- ' tinuing his lamentations for some 'time, but of whioh we took no notice, they gradUally cea'Bed; ' and in a few moments a slight rustling noise ' was heard and he was gone, doubtless (de-" lighted at having escaped from the hands of 'the V pale-faced onthropophagi." A new. gold-field has been discovered at ; Boolboonda, and is gazetted. It is' among the Moolboolaman copper selections, and near Mount Perry. 