A GHOST IN AFRICA, On the fifth day of our march from Ieniwa I was, as usual, considerably in front of my men, who with their loads were not able to walk so fait ai myself. The aky threatened a storm, which made me hasten to reach Parolilo, On approaching the village nobody wan to bo soon, the natiyes being either out in the field or in their houses out of the rain. The stockade presented a rather uninviting appearance, being ornamented with a few hundred human skulls in all conditions, from the freshly stuck-up head to the bloaohed cranium, and all apparently snapping their jaws at the ihoutfluofancwcumpanionasihewrad wheeled them backward and forward. However, the rain was falling fast, and there was no use of being squeamish. So into the village I marched unnoticed, and, finding out a hut with a broad overhanging eaves, 1 took refuge out of sight, waiting till my men came forward, in order that I might appear with appropriate pomp. I had been thus ensconced nearly ten minuteu when suddenly the stillness of the village was broken by a lond, peculiar shout, This was almost immediately taken up from every nuartor of tho village until every stono seemed to yell out the strange cry. Drums added to the uproar, while women screamed, and the men were seen to hurry toward the gates, shouting and brand ishing their spears. I was very much astonished at this, but, supposing it was simply the fashionable modo of receiving a caravan, I re mained still, expecting my men every minute. However, the uproar continued without abate ment, and my men did not appear. Thinking there must bo something wrong, I emerged from my cover. To my surprise I found tho gates closed, and the utoekade ami crows' nests manned by an excited multitude brandishing their spears at some apparent enemy outside. It instantly flushed upon me that I was a prisoner, and cut off from my men. My presence in the villngo was evidently unknown, for, on my appcarance among them, every voico was silent, and tho once excited multitude seemed to hava become paralyse it with fear. .. I wm supposed to ho a ghost. Seeing this, I recovered my prescneo of tnirn], and striking an attitude like Hamlet's ghost, I moved forward with slow deliberate steps and a severe expression of face At each step ilie warriors recoiled. Struck with awe, they looked at me with staring eyes and open months in breathless silenco. This was too much for me, and unable to keep up the character, I hurst out with an irrepressible roar of laughter. The effect of the lantfh was tremendous The amazed savages recoiled stilt further, leaving tho guto free. With a bound I ranched it, and before they could rocovr their senses it was open, and I was outside, to the unbounded joy of my men, who were trembling for my safety -Good Words. 