TOOLEY STREET TAILORS. Everyone remembers the story of the three Tooley-, street , tailors. They held a meeting— they were much impressed with the importance, of their object, and especially of their own importance — thev were quite convinced that the world was with them in their view of things — and they resolved, accordingly, to draw out a petition to Parliament on the subject of their, grievances, commencing, with .'the memorable formula— " Wo, the , people of \- England," &c; . Who would have , believed that there was a Tooley-street iri Sydney, ,and that -persons. with less .than the social standing of " respectable tailors," should slavishly follow the model of their address, when wanting to expresB their sympathy with the landlord-shooters of Ireland ! Yet the farce was played; on Monday evening last, at the Haymarket, somewhere near the Corporation-, reserve, by a crowd,1 at the head of which stood the illustrious J. G. O'Connor. : It appears that an advertisement called, together " the sympathisers " with' Mr. Parnell to "meet . at. the Haymarket ' Re serve, at half-past seven o'clock,, for the purpose, of hearing- and - adopting . an.: address to be sent home to ' the grea patriot, and Irish' agitator;' At the liou named quitea numbered persons assembled, evidently more out of curiosity " to see the affair and enjoy the fun" than to take any serious part in the business. It appears also that the Mayor had been applied to for the use of the reserve gtound, but it was not granted ; for, at the hour named, the gates were shut, and no one had. possession of the key to- open them. . And then, as neither platform nor .chair was ready, the . crowd seemed -to increase, to see wliat the ' -Parnelk sympa thisers. would do in their laughable plight. Quick ! ais - lightning ' the sympa thisers resolved oil what they would do. Were gates and keys to interfere with. men who were bent oh sympathising with fence levellers and landlord-drpppeis in Ireland ? No ; br no means ! So over. the; rails the patriots jumped; .erected a temiporary platform with, two planks put a chair' oh them, sat Mr. J . G;/ O'Connor in the chair; and the famousiiheetingiwasthus for mally commenced, not withstanding the difficulties.,''1 ' --V/'1 The amusement of tlie 'onlookers seems to have been quickened as -Mr: G. White proceeded with his speech, -in moving an address to Mr. Parnell. The. orator affirmed that Parnoll- had the confidence and admiration of "the people /of1 New South Wales/'1 in\' ' his, proceedings To liberate the people of slveland". , The crowd shouted out " No " and" ;Yes and' all round it seemed to bev understood thaf the "yes " as well as Tlie , " no'' was a joke and'a burlesque, to keep the good humour of the audience up;' :. Strange to say, ; a -Mr. "Dooley " seconded1; the ' motion, for an address, Ought nob the nam been " Tool»y," and then: the historiq parallel would have been complete (?). But "Dooley " let 'the name be. 1 It is equally classical. It showed the quarter, from which' it had co'rne ; and explains the secret of tlie -, sympathy - expressed. .. The name and the speech kepb 'up the merri ment, and that was enough for the hundreds of larrikins and loafers who were resolved to enjoy the. sport. ' The orator ' sympathisers were not' well pleased with their success. ' No:doubt they had Mr.' J. G. O'Connor,, as a man of immense influence /in . the" community,, in the chair. That was' something ; and they had Messrs. White and . Dooley to /.move the. address, ; both' ; eminent citizens, ' And truly representatives of the v I risk :' nation, and of ' the 'people1. "of Nbw;Sbuthf Wales. That 'alSfi ' was1 something. ' But/the speakers ' bitterly 1 complained that MiV Dan O'Connor, tlie eminent ' member for West' Sydney, "'was absent;; arid tkat other " prominent speakers " were ma.king them selves scarce on sb ' grand an occasion ! The Airclibishop was not present ; 'Father' Sheridan,- im whose parish the. meeting 1 was hpldj- was , . absent ; and' Father ) Mahoney, whose sheep usually go for their i fodder to the Haymavket, was absent ; and. ; xieitherThe, Freewirm's jowraaZ .proprietors. ; nor those of the Express, competed for the. : first place on. tho , platform, ; and at the " repprters'-. table, '.'but; both lots ominously., took a ,. holiday, ..'.that they might , not. yet, display the side , of their sompatliios The ; conspicuou'sness of the absentees was very obvious, and ; very bitterly complained of. ' Where were they , when ...the interests of Ireland were so much at' stake ? , Where were thoy when the , grand old cause ; of hatred te .England was to . be upheld1! Where were they when the. patriot of Ireland was to be crowned with the. glory of an eloquent address from the people of New South Wales ? Ah! they were taking care of themselves, while the true, patriots were jumping rails and illegally taking possession ; of. the Corporation reserve, and braving the wrath of, the Government with the terrible risk ot a State prosecution by Sir, Henry, or a military dislodgiuent' by the Permanent Artillery under the command .of Colonel Itichardson ! Well ; never mind. Ib is not the first time that Irish patriots have been " sold " by their zealous compatriots ; and so Mr. J. G. O'Connor prcsided to the end, and pronounced tlie' address carried unanimously. It ran' as follows Sydney, ' \\- CUAELTJS STEWART Sir,— Wo, the colonists of New, South' /Whips, respectfully' offer youourearnest ' and heartfelt sympathy under -the trials -and hardships that you, are called upon tp endure. v We have heard; of. your troubles and afflictions, \ and. ;w,e..beg :>to. express our profound concern for the trying exi gencies 'of the position 'which you so admirably' sustain amidst all vioissitudes.- . Neither- timo. nor, distance .can; efface or banish from the minds of- 'Irish people,, and their, offspring, the: fond affection , and reverence' dub to the glorious reminiscences of that brave and long-suffering race. Conformably with theso sentiments, sir, we: have /noted with admiration tho principal event of . your, nohle career for tlie amelioration and improvement of the condition of the tenant farmers and peasantry in 1 Ireland, and we most heartily desire to convey to you our high appreciation of your- zeal, fervour and devoted- ess in the cause of humanity and the exaltation and maintenance oE the people of Ireland upon their own native soil, their God-given and rightful inheritance.- Your conduct we feel persuaded, must inspire cordial sympathy and respect in all relleotivc minds, and will redound to your lasting honour with posterity. De voutly praying that you may be providentially delivered from all dangers that surround you, and bo spared to uphold the rights and liberties of Ireland, wo beseech Almighty God to grant you length of days, health and material prosperity, and give yon abundantly of Bis grace and aid to surmount every difficulty in your generous and patriotic course,- > so that you may; enjoy tho fruits of your .labours in the gratitude of. a free, and united Ireland, and -the applauding memories .of the Irish race all oyer theworld." v " ',/ We have pleasure. in/giving such a .docu ment', / insertion (/free, ( gratis, and for nothing." It/ does good, to allow such sympathisers To . speak - out. . ' Itjis. like , a safety- vaiveToa( bursting boiler. And it 'does good to the rest of the(publio, as , it shows tlie hollo wness of a case which such sham patriots are anxious .to. support. Of course, the Irish is a " bra ve .and long- suffering race." , But . yvhich . Irish ? Of course. .Ireland is . " the God-giycn and rightful inheritance, of the Irish, people.',' The meaning qf wliich bombast is simply this/ .that ' the "landlords, /and. especially English - ones, have ho. business . there. .. To drive the landlords qflV and give the land to , the peasantry is / the " cause .of humanity." But. these/ phrases only deceive and do "mischief. ' . The " cause 'of humanity " does not heed the help of those means to which Tlie r Parnells. resort. , It never implies that There shall ,be . no. land lords. / It never implies That tenants are to shoot their landlords rather; .than , pay them their, rent;', 'It, implies indeed that the law shall be .respected and/that lawful means shall be employed ,to ameliorate the condition of any people who have,. wrongs to '-'redress. But /tlie Parnell method is the' cause, of .anarchy,, bloodshed, and civil war ; arid, if the loyal and industrious and peaceable people of Ireland;were as violent, fiery, and beggarly as the other Irish are, the country would be in the midst of - a civil, war in a few. iiours. . .'Strange, that , the only Irish who complain, and. shout ,and. rush ,'tb; firearms and revolutions . are The. Papal Irish. Farnelllancl others may ,be nominal Protestants, ;, but .their , .cause", is thecause of 'tlie Papists'. , The otlier, Irish, 'take .other measures to', redress, their, wrongs ;/ancV they profoundly . believe that . their method is the right method. /./ | The Gladstone Government seem now | at last , to have ..wakened.,, to. a; proper, ; sense. of their .. .duty with reference , , to, ; Ireland. If. thejr. will with' courage pur- ! sue, . the course proposed,,, there may,. be hope, of their redeeming their name and : saving . their . position ; , , but if , .there : be . feebleness and;yacillation,,the, result ..will : be .ruin to themselves, and t Beaconsfield j will be regretted , and asked for, once i more., .The trouble is,- not so much the, | Irish people" as . those .Irish; Agitators, i who trade, upon/ the ignorane,; and pre- ; judices. of the. people., - Why, does .not i Parnell, who professes to, be,; a Protes- : tant, try his hand at rebellion';, among the Protestant Irish of. the North ? Why ; does. . lie'- not. 'go,. To. his own and ask them to. refuse to pay their rents, and; drive the landlords out of. the Land? Because he knows better. ; He knows tliat tlie Protestant. .Irish have been, trained To think and reason and. judge for themselves. He knows that they , are; hard headed and independent men. ;1 He ; knows tliat his . scheme would be scouted by them and that they would prefer, the quieter "ways of seeking : redress, for wrongs than that of landlord shooting :and defying- the, law. So lie goes to the excitable and ignorant Irish of the South and West,: and. Then., he raves among . a sympathizing audience about | taking matters into their., own hands, and . .about their . defying England, ancl 1 about their looking to . America, and about, their having a, United and Free' ; and Independent Ireland ! The Govern- ; merit have too long allowed these agitators to .escape and the trials , to which at last they have' . been 'driven .seem more of an afterthought . and a dodge .than, a seriouB .business ; but the, immunity of. I the agitators has produced, its fruit ; ; for tlie ignorant Irish, in the hope of getting Tlieir lands/. for nothing, have accepted Parnell and . Co. as tlicir leaders, and have brought the cipuhtry to the. point of civil ! war. Had 'the aftair been nipped in the bud, there might have been hope. Had Those agitators been dealt with promptly the movement would have collapsed. Had an example been made, of. a; few of tlie ringleaders, the ignorant folio wing >, would have ' been warned. But now that the < movement lias gained strength/mere trifling with the leaders, as if children were being scared by ghosts, has proved a mistake ; for instead of being scared the mob is only enraged. The soldiers who have been massed in certain positions have been a laughing-stock to the people, and not a Terror. The thousands of police have been regarded with amuse ment, and not as the representatives of law and order. The people have thus become demoralized in the very sight of the display of force ; and, with Irish like blindness, they have all but provoked the . sufferings of revenge. , So long as coercive measures were not taken by, the Government, the agitators and the people felt tolerably, safe. . If, a "murder, occurred, nobody would ever, be /able to, catch the murderer. . The very witnesses of the deed would refuse,' . ,'to give .evidence./ .If fire- arms/were bought and, secreted, nobody would ,,.e ver . inform- /the authorities, be- cause tlie informer. vvould ..kiiow, , that his lifeTvould be the forfeit. And if, there were secret , drilling .among the people, . nobody would ever act as;spy, for every one would be equally, involved, in the guilt. — The Gpvernraent.haye ,no w,; at last, . taken the proper, steps. ;, They are going to ask Par liament, to grant, thein special powers, as Ireland, cannot be governed by the usual means. If Thoso , powers are granted and properly used, there will be a .chanco for returning peace; but peace got, after, the mischief, already, . done, won't; be yei'y satisfactory.' / When people are roused ancl then co wed, - they :don't forget ; tlie ; shapae of, being , cowed. The leaders .may. be seized and imprisoned. ' A few. .murderers niay be Tracked out and hanged; but. then the leaders appeal - as patriots; and the hanged criminals become veritable martyrs for the glorious cause; of .Irish' liberty ; and. feelings such as These become the seeds of futuie mischief among , an , ignorant and revengeful people.-r-Unhappy Ireland ! Her. wrongs are, never going to .come to an end. Her wrongs are her own citation ; and . she smites on The lace, everyone who is. really wanting to redress her wrongs. She is flogged for lier folly ; but .she is none the .better, for: it. Her .hope ever looks to retribution ; mid violence. . She ; won't .understand -(.wbo., are; her ; friends. Those villanous/ agitators,: who use her ancl mock her-T/seek their ,owh ends. , If she' would.' be,,.; patient ; shut, , her .ears to the agitators/ tell her priests to leave politics alone arid, give ; herself to thrift and' , industry— within . a generation . her state would be. changed. But she defies law; and believes her deceivers ; and the, result is seen in her ever being as, far.from, rest as if she were walking in -a tread-, mill. . , ;;; 1M .,/ " Roliifipus' Lib erty in Franca.— We have several times referred to the most interesting . ancl promising work oE the gospel in France. It seems as if the glorious'timos of the Hvigaeno.ts , were coming 'back again. It is' remarkable that simultaneously ; with the expulsion of the . Jesuits, .who haye been the curse of nations, and, , the cause of religious pei'secatioh, France should ; j be so unmistakeably welcoming the gospel. We : give the following most cheering summary of | the state of things, .frony. tho Christian World,. . The advance of Frotestaht light is truly mar vellous— light in/a. land which , has long been eriishecl-by theVeightof F'opery'onTheonehaud, and infidelity-tlic recoil from Popery— on the ' other : " 1. For the first time in all the history of . . Frauoe there is complete religious liberty.: There', is no persecution, actual .or prospective. No gallows or estrapddes' dun now be" erected to frighten the timid from embracing the truth. Tho fires that consumed bold professors of the ltefoi'med doctrines have boen extinguished. No life-long imprisonment in convents, no hard ilabourinthe galleys awaits the obstinate layman ; ;no breaking upon; the wheel the ; venturesome minister. Even the milder restrictive measures :in force during the , present century liavo ' come : to an end. The/ardent Christiau . who. invites his' neighbours to a religious meeting in his .parlor no longer has to count his guests/ lest by iinviting more than nineteen persons'lie expose himself to . fine or /imprisonment. Ileligioua worship is absolutely/rde. There is untrammelled . ; liberty where there, was only a form of tolcra- :tion.' " : 2. 'For the:first time' in all French history, the government is favourable to the spread of Protestantism. Hitherto the hostility of the officials has been a constant factor in the religious problem. It has not, indeed, been ; equally undisguised at all time; but it has always been real and powerful. Even under the' .government of Louis Philippe, under tho Second. Empire, , and under- . the pseudo-. iHepiiblican. institutions presided over by' Marshal Maemahou, tlie' minister/ the perfect, the sub- perfect, and the maire could be counted on, to employ every .pretext to interpose iliindrances'iu the way of the ProteBtant evange list and colporteur. Now prefects and maires invite tho preaching of the Gospel; and ministers are' either . Protestants or1 more favourable to Protestantism than to Romanism, ff. For the first time in all French history, the masses of Ike French people arc eager for the proclamation of Bible truth. If any exception ought to bo made to the universality of this statement,' it would be. in favour of the few.years immediately pre- ceding.the .outbreak of the civil-, wars of - the sixteenth! century. But even tbeii the' feeling was not so widespread,' and it was soon sup-- pressed iu a :torrent 'of bloodshed such as the' .world; happily has but seldom witnessed'. Now wo are. informed, on. the host .authority, that full two thirds of the communes " of Frn'noe would gladly welcome tho evangelist that might come to explain the simple story of free salvation by grace." Sootch . ' Degenoraoy in Oanada.— After the British conquest of Canada, an effort was made to make the French population Protestant and loyal to tho crown of Eugland, by colonies of Scotch and English Protestants being taken over to settle in that country. Thoso Protestant emigrants were scattered through tho vast French and Romish population. The genera tion that then existed stood firm by the Pro- testantism of their country ; but, in course of time, by the example and numbers of the Romish people around, the young grew up less earnest. Another generation followed ; and then the curse of mixed marriages did the busi ness of taking into the Popish Church almost all of the Scotch and English Protestant descend ants. In those days the priests encouraged mixed marriages, because they found it to their advantage. The devotion and ignorant sub mission of the Popish women soon made the feeble resistance of tho nominal Protostantism of the husbands in vain ; and as tlie children of those mixed marriages came in the way, the husbands saw that nothing remained for them but to be " reconciled to the Church." In this way there are thousands of Papists, in Canada, whose Scotch names tells unmistakeably how it comeB to pass that they are under tho dominion of Rome. If those originally Protestant people had been living close to each other, so that thoy could have had tho honeiit of church and school and mutual help, such a result would never have followed as now is to be deplored. But the weight of numbers, and the influence of the women, and absence from the help of Pro testant services, have producod a degeneracy which is truly lamentable — The Bamo thing exists, in a small measure, in this colony. In parts of the interior, among Popish people, you will find Scotch Protestants and English Pro testants humble servants of "his reverence," from Rome. How comes it about? ' Mixed marriages lie at the bottom of it. In the early days, the priests wore fond of mixed marriages. The Biddies were real recruiters for the Church. Bcr priests -and Mr. Chisholm entered into a conspiracy. Thoy brought to this colony shiploads of Popish women. .Those women wore consigned to the care of the priests in different parts of tho interior. Thoy set themselves out as " Wanters." They were ticketed " To Let." They began courting and hunting to find hus bands. . The, game was easily caught. Silly Protestant men looked upon the daughtci'3 of. Rome, and saw that they were — well, not fair, but smiling ; - and the priest, who had been looking on to see tlio process, was soon at hand to do the needful, with this distinct promise, sometimes in writing, that the children were to be given to the mother's religion:' Thus Scotch and English names are found in this colony con- jneoted with Rome; -and the breed -of- such . Romauists are usually the least hopeful. It is True that the priests' -are not how so fond of ! mixed marriages. They have, found, that when . Protestant Tulluence- and liberty; are /strong, uiixed marriages don't pay ; - but. nevertheless, ;in any case in which they givo:permission,to a ; mixed , marriage, :it is :with-the s.olemu ivritten i pledge that the children will , bo reared in. the ; religion of Rome. . ; When the miserable husband finds, that he is tied with disgraceful chains, \he Tries:i tq break ; them and - then-jOoine the Iquarrels and /falsehoods which; ,mako: domestic life.. wretched.;; But, the wqinon usuallygaiu in the long run.M i.If tho children; are not .brought ' up tomothing; they go: with the mother.. .The mother; teaches them her Popery at, home.; She tells the children' not to, beliove their .father. She teaches them the many stories and devotions which prepare them for the steps which are. to be taken afterwards. Sho makes them cunning and false, to conceal fr'oih their father what is going on. And so, when the children have come-to; have - a mind of -their own, they very soon are able and willing to tell their father that his religion is nothing, aud that mother's religion is the only true religion ! ; Are the children to be'blamed:for drawing such -a conclusion-? ' ; The father is nothing; and 'the' mother is' some thing : and tlie result which . follows is the only- # result which eould be anticipated under the circumstances. : Religious Skating in Spain.T7The.iand. of the Inquisition has not escaped' .tho; influence of that wave of liberal light and Protestant truth which has been making its way over the conti nent of Europe, within the past year or two. To think of light, or liberty, or freedom' of con- soience, or independent thought in religious matters in Spain, was some short timo ago, re garded as absurd. Wa3 there not the Inquisi tion? ' Was there not a very strict civil law ? TVas thore'not a concordat? Arid were there not thousands of Priests and politicalspies, ready for a reward in monoy or merit in the kingdom of heaven, to reveal any movement, oven in secret, in favour of liberty ? Yes, but, neverthe less, who can resist the waves of light when once they are set agoing ? : And Spain has not beon ablo to exclude altogether tho .progress of the gloriousinundation. Protestant3 in Spain enjoy a measure; of liberty, however small : churches and schools have a measure of toleration, how- over limited. And men can read aud th?nk and speak even above a whisper, as to 'something better" being needed than the dead formalities and ceremonies of Rome. . . What could be more wonderful than the following, as. showing tliat the minds of men are bursting from their shackles? There is hope for Spain, in spite of the fearful odds that lie against it. , Tho strong edifice of the' priests is shaken, and the jcrumbling is begun The need of: something better," says Mr. Fliedner (Protestant - minister , from Spain) " is in , : many places undoubtedly felt, and appreciation of , real original Christia nity is not wanting ;. a fire, though often hidden under the appearance of outward indifference, has been kindled, which cannot be extinguished. ,A;few weeks ago we had au evident proof of this in a brilliant assembly in the athenusum of Madrid-, . the most important scientific association of Spain, .where, 'before a crowded audience, consisting, of the best ! known representatives of art and' science, tho greatest. living poet of Spain, Gasper' Nunea de Arce, read his last then unpublished poem : 'The Vision of Brother Martin.' Tins. Brother-Martinis no less a personage thaiiDr. Mar- Tin Luther, who is introduced to us by tho poet in- a cell - in: tho monastery engaged in battle with- doubt which attao.ked him When ho saw every where around ' him " the ' shameful _ abuse _ of ecclesiastica power.' Worn out with fasting and self-elected torments of his body, he falls into a faint, in which he sees tho power of prieifcly Eome at first fighting in the forefront of all nations under the banner of the cross, and showing all people the way to . heaven. , But soon it is changed into the whore of -,the Apocalypse; the great Babylon, whose deeds of darkness under the Popes who immediately proceeded the Reformation, are shortly and sharply criticised. 1 0 Rome, Rome,' cries Brother Martin: in despair, . ' what hast., thou done with, my God'?' - But, ahoye the noisy sea of nations, :he sees the Word— that Word which is strong enoiighjto break Rome's fetters,, and to destroy the might of Babylon. .. Then Brother Martin awakes ; the monks who had feared for his life, stand anxiously around him ; but when he tells themthat a new life must now beginfor him, and that he is ashamed of his cowl, they think he has gone mad, and flee ;from him. Only one old monk' wlio' stands by him, asks : 'What wilt 'th'ou do?' and he answers, ' I will vanquish Rome !V It is true that the poem then ends with the curse which the prior speaks on his pfe- sumptibus resolve ; a necessary and clever defence ofthe poet from the hatred of the Romish 'church, and the power of her influence in Spain';' but the force of the attack against ' Rome, which makes . a trade out of the for- givenne'ss of sins,' is not lessened thereby, and it' is not toomuch to maintain thattill now no Spanish poet of our times has dared to speak so freely against Rome, or with, such a deep \- appreciation of the inner causes of the Reforma tion, or of the nobility or heroism of Luther's character, who hitherto has been represented in Spain as an- immoral and hypocritical monk, who, blinded- by, arrogance, laid the foundation of Protestantism, ' this evil which in the moral , world is what the plague is in the material,! ak may .be literally read ini the catechism of the Archbishop of Santiago, for" the information of, the' faithful, in regard to Protestantism. ! We may joyfully hail, as a proof of .a gradual change of opinion, . tho fact that the vision hf Brother Martin after its publication, reached no less than four editions in the first month." . ! ' ! . , TIioTllnoss of tho Bishop of Sydney,— : It is with profound regret tliat we refer to the' very serious illness' of the venerable and beloved Bishop, of Sydney.' ' His activity in ',over-doing: his 'duty, and indeed, workiug hard, in the Hot : sun _of summer at self-imposed duties, lying5 outside his own, far outstripped that of ' many, younger and stronger men. "Notably, of late,1; he has beeu using his personal influence visiting ' affluent members of his Church, endeavouring to kindle some interest, ' and obtain some funds for a loan and endowment scheme which would be of obvious benefit to the parishes. A heavy stone indeed it was to shove up hill. It was astopishiug how. "many calls gentlemen with several thousands a year discovered,; to prevent; their - opening their -purse-strings.; The un-; thanked and so dispiriting labour has resulted in an attack of paralysis; which is said to be in a measure less -severe than, at first— but still sufficient to make it imlikely. that , Sydney shall long enjoy the labours of this; good Protestant; bishop. We. believe, that the Church of England in this colony owes much to the long, career of Bishop Barker. He has always shone, in purely spiritual intercourse within and with-' out his own denomination, v He; was always the, personification, of. courtesy. If his own views.- were too exclusively ruled- by the opinions of the evangelical scliool of a paat generation, and led him too easily to denounce more advanced and enlightened ones founded on additional know ledge ; he refrained from obtruding the form on his clergy, in whose opinions, at least, he en couraged a large liberality. In administration and leading, he sadly failed, generally being found to side .with the enemies against the friends of what he himself knew to be true. But this was owing to his relying too much on the advice of others, who were bad advisers, although good private men. To his choice of ministers the Church owes its comparative freedom from the pest of Ritualism : and if we have to regret occasional aids and encourage ments to sacerdotalists, we must remember that the courage of few bishops is equal to their conviction. Take him as a whole and reckoned according to the standard of his order, we can scarcely hope that the Episcopal Church in. Sydney will ever see his equal. We shall be glad to. hear of substantial improvement in his health. The Archbishop of ; Canterbury has enjoyed several years useful life since he had a similar seizure. All we can do is to hope and pray.; and leave the Master to act for His servant. Mr. Slattory's "Little Bill. "-We. had hoped to bring to the light this precious docu ment in this issue ; but the Prothonotory who has been ill, has been absent for' some days. We understand that the taxing will be com pleted to day, and so wo shall be able to publish the whole affair in our next. We have resolved to follow this course thalt the public may see what tho Jaw is, and how lawyers handle clients and defendants. More 1 ' "Witness ." Trouble. —We ha vo"to acknowledge the receipt of a - second address by the Rev. J; S. Macpherson, Maitland,:in defence of himself against the Witness and its editor, the Rev. Mr. Sutherland. The1 address reveals a state of things which1 we don't wonder at- in the management of 'the' Witness.--, We' call 'the attention of the public to an advertisement in another oolumn, from the Rev. Peter Mac pherson, of Sydney, on the same subject. Botlr the documents have been forced before the public because the oolumna-of the Witness are closed against their authors. This hardly is consistent with the usual notions of fair play ; but as the difficulty complained- of is a denominational one, we simply refer those who may take an interest in the dispute to the doeiiments themselves. We have no further concern with it than to remind Orange Lodges that the paper- which exhibits one side of tho dispute, or contains the dispute at all, as a denominational' one, is wholly unworthy of a place in Lodge literature. Orangeism is not- Denomiuationalism. . , A Long Speech. —A( .cablegram from Lou don tells us that the speech of the Prosecuting Counsel . in the . : State trials of- ..- Parnell . and his joint, conspirators, lasted f out days, and. that it was -" exhaustive." Surely it must have beeu;," exhaustive." If the subject was not . wchausted by such a speech,1 we.think.that the. powers ; of the . speaker must have been ; and .then .if any: one else felt ; it to, have been " exhaustive,": it must have been the unfortunate judge, and the still more un fortunate jury, whose patience must have been " long suffering. " How long the defence will occupy we dp not know, but we should imagine that as there will be good " refreshers " from the ample funds that have been raised, the speech of the leader will he four days length also. And then the summing up ; but if the whole affair should fall through ? - We don't . think that there are many who hope for a verdiet against Parnell and Co., since the jury con sists of eight Romanists, three Protestants, and one Jew. It' is in such cases that trial by jury - seems a farce.- The proposal to suspend trial by jury in the disturbed districts, seems a necessity, and inevitable, under the circum stances. If. any blame is to be attached to the Government,' for suspending the law, the fault is the peoples own. The Rev. Dr. Steel.— Our readers and the public gonerally will be glad to know that Dr. Steel, after a -holiday of. nine months of. travel, has returned to the colony, refreshed and invigorated by the rest and enjoyment of his furlough. He entered upon his duties last Sunday, and will now continue at his post as heretofore. _ We trust that lie may he long spared in his usefulness to his congregation and to the church with which he is connected. Crirl Immolation.— Singleton has beeu the scene of a religious cruelty which is a scandal to any free country. Three girls have been immolated on what is called "the altar of holiness." Singleton ought to " weep for the daughters of her people." Widows in India are now prohibited from immolating them-- selves on the : funeral pyre of their husbands, because it was . a cruelty and a religions fraud ; but in principle there is no difference between .the immolation: of.' widows -on the altars of Paganism, and the -immolation of young sense- . less girls on :the altars: of Popery.- Both are a cruolty and a fraud ; - and- tho priests who promote. isuoh: impostures ought ; to bo /.regarded; jas;'.f public enemies," and dealt with accordingly. (The Indian widows are told that if they. will; throw: themselves 'into tho flames .that A sire (burning the bodies of their, dead husbands,; theyi (will-be happy for 'ever, .andi the -gods will look iupon .them as pure andlovely and good, .worthy iof . a high place in Elysium with their husbands ; and - the v villainous- priests bless them, and seal them , over. Ito .' be: dead to the loorld. . The- (Popish h girls— virgins-are.: told: that if they will east themselves on the altar; of celibacy, 'renounce /marriage, accept. .virginity as a.holy. state, and: devote J themselves - to Mary as their; motherland. .to( Christ. as their spouse,. they will, as dead to the world, get a hi"h place in tho kingdom of . heaven. The; one priestly imposture is as villainous as the other. Both; are falsehoods, yet- both: are the in ventions of priests ; and many believe in them. : But ought either of them ; to 1 be allowed ?. Certainly in an English colony.', the girl immola tion of Popery ought to be- prohibited. No clou bt girls are- freo <to abstainffrom marriage ; and if- they , freely refrain from this for the sake of some ; service, (.which; they propose to render, no one could interfere with them;. But; when silly (young girls— generally girls with means—sentimental girls who perhaps have been blighted in love — are decoyed and trapped by promises of happiness and heaven ; and then hound by oaths never to alter their state,: and never to return to an "ungodly world" : — here is ample ground for the public to interfere, and say, "No, they shall not bo sworn, or if sworn, they shall not he prevented from break ing their oaths, if they so desire ; and especially they shall not be kept within high walls and behind strong doors, where neither friends nor parents shall be permitted to see them ; but where they must live and die, perhaps in the greatest misery and despair, with none to comfort them but the priost who has mocked them. The fact warrants all the suspicion which attaches to convent and 'nunnery life, viz., that the world sees only one side of. the affair. It sees fine yonng ladies dressed up in bridal attire, but with relieious looks. It sees those girls go through the forms of " renouncing the world," and choosing " religion." It sees rosy- looking priests, with noses and eyes which tell of the sublime virtues of temperance and fasting, going through ceremonies, and speaking of the heaven of fasting and prayers in cells. And it hears beautiful music,, even the "March in Saul," as significant of those-fine girls becoming dead to the world. " But <7tereall further informa tion stops. The girls fine dresses are taken off, their hair is clipped, and they passontof sight— to: where? 'Nobody can tell. The priests looks the door and; only Ae is allowed to enter ; and those fine young girls "are either in heaven or in hell— enjoying bliss with their spouse, or suffer ing shame from their masters— no one can: tell; or they may bo crying arid sighing for deliverance, but no ono can help them ! ' Ought this to be allowed ? Or ought those priestly dens and prisons to bo inspected ? TllO Scratch of a Pea.— A gentleman much interested iu " protection to native industry" specially- in the line of tweeds, informs us in writing that he could cure the ills of .Ireland, disaffection, poverty, dirt and all,", with the scratch of a pen."— Iu short,- you, have only to " encourage native, industry "-/-meaning to put heavy duties on imported, goods. : We scarcely think this gentleman would inVahy state of the tariff, venture to invest £20,000 in ah Irish plant in the .Popish districts, where (there is , no security, for life or' property ; and if lie would,' it seems a strange way of curing poverty, to destroy commerce, to increase artificially the price of food, clothing, "implements, materials, Hurley ». Ourselves.— We have received, with thanksj the following towards reimbhrsing: . our expenses of the late' libel case' J. Hooper, Triena, 5s. ; B. Abbott, Manilla, 20s. ; J. Gal lagher, Cullen Bullen, 10s. ; Miss E. , Johnatoh,- Woolloomooloo, 5s. D. Brown, Lithgow, 20s; ; Friend, Parlies, 5s. ; J. Dunn. Parkes, 2s. 0d.; R. Melly, Parkes, 2s. (id. The Ohservatore Romano, the official paper has publishe'd a paragraph stating that the Pope has addressed a letter to the -Irish clergy saying that he- counsels them . and: the Irish -people generally; to - separate themselves, from .those whose object it iB to, promote a revolution in theii' country. 