The Austrian Band. This band gave a third concert in the exhibition building last night which, notwithstanding the heavy rain, was fairly attended. Uf conrse the audience was not nearly bo large aa ib would have been had the weather baefe fine, but nevertheless, the moderate attendance on such a night was & hisb. compliment to the players, for it showed that their musical skill is sufficiently appreciated to induca people to eo thrnnp-h fl. nonrinc rain tft hpo.r fchnir nQrformfi.T5npB. The concert commenced with the well-known. Turkish inarch from the 'Euinsof Atkens ' by Beethoven. It was finely played, but if it had not Beethovan'e . name attached to it, musicians would not ' see much in it.' The second number of the programme was tbe Pique Dame overture by Suppe, the superb music of which was played in a masterly style, tbe numerous beauties and orchestral effects intended by the eomposer being finely brought out. The music of this piece is piquant, original, and melodious, and we hope the performance of it will be repeated. ' Spring Time,' by Bach, including a charming French horn solo, played by Herr Kohr, was truly ' a 'thing of beauty,' and if it was not ' a joy for. ever' it was certainly a joy 'while it Listed.' The ghost of it still holds high revels in oar memory. It was followed by an Entr' Act from 'Manfred,' by Reinecke, a set of Strauss waltzes, and a nice selection of Austrian and German songs, arranged by the conductor, all of which were finely played. The second part of the programme was executed, so far as the orchestral part was concerned, with much enirit and with admirable precision as regards -time. The band plays concerted pieces with the regularity of a machine, and hence it ia only in solo passaces that the individual and artistic merits of the performers becomerstrikirgly apparent. This was the case with the violin eolo in the overture to Offenbach's Orpheus, which was deliciously played by the leading violin, and in da&anoa;, -too, of the flatness of a newly stretched £ string ; and it was also the ease in the performance of Wagner's ' Evening Star Sodgt,' t.hn 'aalln sain in whfaii war nlavn^ h-v TTon* Patok with such admirable taste, pathos, and expression, that it --was as sweet to the listening ear as the tasting of honey from Mount Hybla would be to the tongue of a classic poet. The danoo music in this part was admirably played. The concluding number, Aa Entr' Act from Lohenerin, was very artistic no doubt, bat nevertheless was tre mendously noisy. It would have been heard to great advantage if it had been heard in connection with the rest if'the muiio ot the opera, for in that case it would hare had a moaning, which meaning does not become apparent when the piece is played as a concert number. The encores were numerous and warm, and were all good-naturedly responded to by the band. There will be another ooaoeKi to-night in the Exhibition Building, and a fine pro^iamme of music for it has been published. One would imagine on the eve of an elaetion, that the much-needed lamp, to be erected near tho dead tree on the GUnmore Road, would receive some at tention from the alderman seeking re-electnn, if only with the object of gaining several totc^ which he will otherwise oertainly loose. vW - - 