Music and the Drama. " H.M.S. PINAFORE," after a BUoeeflBful orniso of four weeks, waa taken out of oommiasicn on Thura day night, and laid up for a torm. According to tho managferia.1 notioeo, tho good littlo craft ia not to ho again placodj in commiBBion,' and wo have seen " positively tho laat night" of hor-at all events for tho present aoaaon. But thou it may bo that wo Bhall have another season. If such a oontingonoy heppened, it would riot bo regarded a8 a very sorious misfor- tune ; for I think thoro aro fow who would not, after a reaHonablo interval of abaonoe, bo g'ud to ronow acquaintance with tho offioora and crow of tho good ship once moro, from tho "Bular of tho Quoen'a Navee "anda " Gallant Captain's Daughtor " to tho miduhipmito, inclusive of tho aistora and tho cousins and tho aunts, and not omitting Hebo. Howover, tho fiat has gone forth, and tro aro to bid farowell to " Pinafore." Thoro has beon littlo, if any, chango to record. Tho houses havo been good, and tho ropresontation almost monotonous (if such a word may bo applied to any- thing so ploaaing) in its perfection. Misa Deakin, na Josephine, having in groat moasure mastered tho stage business, has boon giving us as excellent and enjoyable a representation of tho part aa on« oould well desiro. It never occurred to mo to think that Misa Deakin did not realise tho true humour of the opsrtta. But having now acquired moro oonfidonco iu herself, i;ho developes that humour to ita fullest, and yet only to ita legitimato, extent. Her einging waa from tho fiiat ploaaing. Never- theless ©von that has improved, and -tho roault ia that tho public havo mado tho acquaint- ance of a Josephine with whom thoy aro loth to part, and whom thoy would gladly moot again. Miss Maggie Mooro, having reoovored from her indisposi- tion, and the effects of an aoeidont of such a nature aB ronderod hor singing at all a very remarkable circumstance, has beer delighting hor largo nudionooa hy her rondoring of Little Buttoroup. Mr. William- son's Sir Joseph Portor baa been as amusing aa ovor. Mr. Beaumont as Balph RackBtraw, Signor Vordi aa Captain Corcoran, Mr. llainford aa Diok Doadoyo, Mr. South aa tho Boatswain, Miaa Lilliard aa Hebe, and Mr. Harper ao tho Boat awain's Mato, have severally, and in oombination, helped on tho fun of tho pieoa. On Priday night tho theatre waB to bo closed for a dresa rehoaraal of Gil- bert and Sullivan'a newer sucnosa, "Tho Piratea of Ponzanoe," which ia to bo produced for the<firat time in Australia to-night. Groat preparations have beon made, I understand, and in tho plowing language of tho vory brillisntly diotatod billa and tho gorgeous postera, no expenso has been spared to make tho représentation as completo aa possible. Such, languago aa thia would not, probably, moan muoh in aomo caaos, for to say truth it is rather hackneyed, nor havo the big promises always boon fnlfillod. But wo have had oarnoat of what tho, promise moana when Mr. Williamson and his confrere, Mr. Garnor, mako it. Tho suc- cess of tho productions of the London Comedy Company waa not jeopardised by a cheoae- paring policy. Tho "Pinafore" ju8t cloaod has hoon tho moat complete in do tail ever proaontod in Australia. Tho drosses wero correot and must have been costly. Tho Bur roundings, the Boonery, tho conducting, and the mnaic wore perfeot, and must havo ontailod tho ex- penditure of a great deal of inonoy. "With sueh an example aa that- juBt past, wo may oxpeot that the announcement that no "expenso will bo spared" moana all that tho words impiy, and that if thopro sontation of " Tho Piratoa of Penzance" fails, it will bo necessary to seek aomo other reason than lack of expenditure upon accessories. But, when it is remom bored that tho principal parts will bo sustained by Miaa Maggie Mooro and Misa Doakin, Mr. Armea, Beaumont. Signor "Verdi, Mr. J. C. Williamson, Mr. Kainford, Miss Lilliard, and.Misa Bupin, together with an unlimited Bnpply of orphans, piratea, police- men, aoldiors, &o.;,it ia nirfioult to anticipate failnro. Thoro ia naturally muoh curiosity to BOO and hear an opera said to bo ovon moro entertaining and moro genuinely humorous than the author'a other work, tho v*ver-fre3h ' Pinafore." I thorofore anticipate capital houaes'and a Bucaesafnl run for tho "Piratea of Ponzänco." There ia auro to bo a largo gathering to witnoaa the riaing of tho curtain to-night. Of tho opera itaolf and ita presentation I muat hold ovorremark until next wook. Tho Gaiety haa boon priven over to mnaio during tho weok. M. Kowal8ki's recitals havo been tho attraotion, and I am happy to say have boon oí a powerful aoaoription, for tho houses have beon good, and this in apito of BO many othor ontortainmcnta. M. Kowalski's performances are rofor'od to else- where. Thia evening thia protty little theatro-tho brightost and plnaeantoat in tho oity-will bo occu- pied by the Sweatman Minstrels, who promiso only a ßhort Boaaon. If success attends tho adventure no doubt tho season can be lengthened. Tho company numbora aomo well-known vooaliata, and aomo who aro not known at all, except by reputation, whioh ia good. What with tho attraction of thoso whoso vocal abilities aro undonbtodandthe curiosity attaching to those whoso foro;gn roputo is BO good, tho Sweatman Minatrola ought to havo a good timo, lt is a considerable period ainoo Sydney folk havo had tho opportunity of enjoy- ing tho particular kind of ontortainmont referred to, and that ia another augury ofsuoceaa. At tho QUOOU'B Theatro thoro havo boen several rapid changos lately. Tho woll- known Irish drama, " Peop o' Day," hold Bway up to Wodneaday night. I do not suppose that anybody at this time earea about a deaoription of tho play in dotail. It haa boon before tho publio a good many yeara, and baa always hold its own in public estima- tion. The oharaotera aro, of course, all Irish. Ono would naturally suppose that tho poraona concornod also apoko with, not to put too fino a point upon it, a alightly Iriah aooent. Well, in aomo instaneoa tho acoont waa very Blight-BO much BO, thxt to my oars it waa difficult to detect it at all. There waa a variety of accent. Somo of it waa correct. Some othor parta might possibly havo boon oorroohas appliod to como othor tongue, inasmuch aa it waa a vory deoidod acoont of somo kind. But it waa not Irish. What olao it was ia not material now, inaamuoh aa tho play ia laid aaido. Dcspito tho diversity ofdialeot, tho representation waa a voiy suoooasful ono. MÍBB Jonny Watt-Tannor austninod tho part of Kathloen Kavanagh. Tho lady gavo a vory poworful rondoring of a very difficult part. I havo aeon it many times. I have aeon aomo bettor, but not many. At all ovontB, Miss Tanner left littlo to bo doaired. A cloak or aomo othor covoring would auroly havo added to tho oomploto noas of Kathloon's coatumo, which wa3 eoanty all through, and in nituation« wnro it onght not to hnvobnnn. Thia waa a woak point. Mr. J. It. Grc villo as Bnrnoy O'Toolo waa amuaing. It ia noodloas to say that ho at all ovontB waa a good Irishman. Mr. Elliott as Harry Kavanagh and Captain Poop o' Day I waa auooosaf ul. I have not aoon Mr. Elliott do anything badly. I am thoroforo diapoaod to think that ho can do somo things oxooodingly well. I oonfoBS that I hayo not witnossod the latter condition yot. Pro bably it ia becauaé Mr. Elliott's opportunity, orj othorwiae, mino, haa not proaented itself. Mr. Elliott grave an intelligent rendering of tho oharaoter. Mr. Palmor piayod Black Mullina. Pwaa rather im proBBod with tho exoollonoo displayed by Mr. Palmer as tho " Softy" in Anrora Ployd. It struck mo aa being exceedingly good. I waa aleo impressed with hia Black Mullina. It atruck mo a8 hoing awfully Uko hia " Softy," with tho exooption of tho difforonco of mako-up, whioh aftor all isn't ovorything. At all ovonta, I think not1. Mr. Palmer ia, of course, ontitled to hold a differ« ont opinion. Iolaim an equal right. Aa MaryGraoo Miaa Ivato Poley waa (aa aho uaually ia when I ae/» her) vory happy in intorproting tho oha-; raotor. Moreover, Bho sang a very aweot air as it ought to bo rondorod, that ia, sweetly. Miss Lilian Fordo waa a moBt vigorous and guahing young widow. In rospect to accent, thoro could be no pos- sible objeotion. It waa porhapa tho bcBt thoro, not even exoepting Mr. Grevillo'a or Mr. Loston'a, which woro of course alao good. Her danoing was also wonderful, and tho young lady is to bo oomplimontod upon making a great doal out of a very small part. Mr. Harry Loston personated a good deal of tho muscular Christian in his impersonation of Fathor O'Cloary. Mr. Lanco L»nton, although oast for a part that did not suit him, showed what intelligence and tho determination to try to do well can accomplish. Thoreaultwaa richly morited approval at tho banda of tho critical audience Tho others do not call for special mention. On Thursday evening a largo audionoo assembled on tho ocoaaion of a benefit to Mr." Harry Leatonl The programme was a largo and varied ono, compris- ing tho drama of " Kobort Emmet," the Irish patriot, vooaliams, feats of strength and skill (in which Professors Miller and D' Haroourt and Mr. I* Foley participated), recitations, and instrumental soleotions. The evoning's enjoyment was not marred by a single hitch, and tho reception of tho various artists was all that could bo deBirod. I am glad to know that tho benefit was a substantial ono. '' Cinda relia " is to bo produoed to-night. Wo' havo had a surfoit of mnsio during the paßt week, and consequently a lull in tho musical affaira of our city would enable people to enjoy future plea- sures with greater zo.it. Two groat pianists have dono their bost to amuso our mindB and eduoate our tastes, tho Austrian Band has pursued a similar oourao of action, the Civil Service Musical Sooiety has erivon na a delightful conoort, and to crown tho wholo Madame Boema, a great dramatio singer, haa made her first appearance beforo a Sydnoy audicnoe, and mado a most favourable impres- sion. In addition to those musical enjoyments, " fl.M.S. Pinafore" haa been scudding before a favourable breeza at tho Boyal, and variona othor amaller concerts have takon plaoo. Surely all thiB in auffioicnt to satisfy the moat amniveroua musical appfttito. , Wo have ao often expressed our opinion reapecting tho morita of Mr. Ketton and M. Kowalaki aa musical ' artists, that wo need not now say much in their praise. Thoy aro both great playera. Attempts havo boon mado by one-sided critica to exalt tho ona at tho expenso of tho othor, but all these I attemptB havo failed. Thoy aro both emi I nently brilliant musical oxecutanta, and oan play thoir own corcpositiona aa well aa the compositions of other men in overy variety of style and with an infinite charm. Haring said thia muoh wo havo said all that truth will permit na to aay. Tho original compositions they have respec- tively favon:od the Sydney public with aro ohk-fly dances and marches ; and, although good of their kind, aro not distinguished by great musical value whon considered as Bamplea of oroativ'o power. We do not say that theao gentlemen laok creative power, but wo maintain thoy have not displaced it. If wo comparo tho best of thoir compositions with, tho groat works of Boothovon, Mozart, or Weber, or with thoao of tho groat Fronch and Italian com- posera, wo ahall at onoo conclude that thoir forte ia tho compoBition of light piooea and tho brilliant in- terpretation of larger and moro comprehensive works. In this dopartmont they aro both unrivalled, and their performances aro splendid. For our own part, we prefer Kowalski's style to that of Kotton, but if our readers should differ from us on thia point, wo shall not quarrel with them on that account. We. like both. Tho Civil Sortioo concert given in tho Masbnio Hall on last Saturday aftornoon was a ' very fino ono, and afforded great pleasure to those who woro proflont at it. The sluging was excellent; and waa admirably accompanied by an efficient oroheatra. A selection from Moyorbeer'B " Star of tho North." and a miscellaneous oolleotiou of songs, . duets, and trios, formed tho programme. Mr. S. M. Mowle, tho honorary seoretary to tho aooioty, de sorvoa great orodit for the care ho haa taken to pre ! vont tho aooiety from experiencing tho fato of many kindred musical aaaooiations. Wo beliovo Balfo'a " Siego of Itochello " will furnish material for.the society 'a next concert. Tho London Comedy Company have boen playing to good houses at Adelaide. Ou Saturday last "An Une qual Hatch " waa producod. On Saturday last, Mrs. G. B. Lewia's ohildren'u company played the last time at Adelaide in the pantomime " Littlo Goody Two Shoea." On Monday thoy performed " Pinafore " for tho benefit of Mrai Lowia. I At Kohlor'a Aoadomy of Music, Adolaido, on Tues- day last, Miss Loaf and Mr. Charlea Harding took a joint bonefit. JVlias Loaf was the original Buttoronp whon Mr. J. C. Williamson first introduced " Pina; foro" to the colonies. Mr. and Mrs. D'Aroy Bead¡ I of " Ghost" celebrity, are announced to appoar for a wook at tho Academy. ' * I Twelfth week of " La Filio du Tambour Major," at thc Opera Houao, Melbourno, and atill no hinting at withdrawal. ' Mr. W. H. Loako haa boon playing in " My Part? nor," at tho Theatro Itoyal, Melbourne. "Kiohard III." is announced for to-night (Saturday). At tho Bijou Theatro, Molhourno, Wybert Boeva ' and üdllo. Lo Grand, who havo boen performing thero latoly, appear to-night (Saturday) in " Mother and Son," to be producod for tho firat timo in Aus- tralia. Mr. William Hoakina and Misa Marian Willis have boon producing Dion Bouoicault'a " aooioty drama, 'Formosa ' "(!) at tim PriuouBB'a, Melbourne Tho Novelty Thoatro, Melbourno, opons to-night with an opora company, who perform for tho firat tiiuo, " Fatanitza"-" a comic military opora." The Misses Eva Davenport, E. A. Lambert, and Bcaeie Koyal, and Messrs. Vernon, Temploton, and othora aro in tho oompany. Sißn jr Zolmau oonduota. Tho Doll Show mid Fanoy Fair at tho Melbourne Town Hall waa brought to a auceeasful tormmution on Wednosday laat. Mdllo. Ahoo Charbonnot, pianiste, has recovered a vordiot in tho Couuly Court, Molbonrno, against Allan and Co., musio warehousemen, for broach of contract in oonneotion with tho Exhibition piano rooitalu given by that lady. ' Signor Kroolo Ortori gives a farewell concert at tho Maaonio Hall on Monday ovoning. ? ' ?'? '. Mr, Edwin Kelly ia in Queensland, somewhat in- disposed. Ho oomos to Sydney shortly. ; Swoatnam'a Minatrols (including W. Horace Bent and Beaumont Bead) open for a short season at the Gaiety Theatro to-night. On Monday last tho Loon Variety Company, under the management of Mr. Davo Hayman, returned to Sydney. Thoy havo had an unsually snoccssf ul Benson in Melbourne and other places. They loft the samo evening; for Dubbo, and will return to tho metropolis in about a woek. On April 16 Mr. J. F. Keogh, with Miaa Marian Willis and a dramatic company, opens at thc Queen's Theatre, ' "The Sydney Literary and Dramatic Club has boen ßtarted under favourablo auspices. Mr. Samuel Lazar has oonpontod to bocomo vico-proaidont, and Mr. Edmund Barton, M.T., barrÍBter-at-law, will, we believe, be preaident. "London Asauranco" is iu active rohoaraal. Tho proooeds aro to bo given to Charity. . In the still remaining vestibule of the late Victoria Theatre, Pitt-street, Signori Del Voacovo and Sani, two Italian soulptora, whoso marble statnettoa at the late; Sydney International Exhibition attracted oonaiderablo attention, have boon showing a number of. waxworka, compriaing Boones from tho Holy Bible. . From a privato letter we learn that Mr. J. C. Earner's panoramas of tho American War and Turco Russian War, undor tho management of Mr. Harry Stanley, arrivod safely in Capo Town, and oponod in the Oddfellows' Hall on Christmas Eve. Mr. Stanley 'VÎBitod the Capo with tho American War panorama .Borne yoars ago, aad left auch an excellent improHBion behind, that hia reappea canoe with tho popular pan .oraaiaa waa rocoivod with considorablo ploaauro. His business since; oponing has boen immense, and has had a bad effect on the othor entertainments in the town, some of whioh havo closed sinco tho opening of ' the Amorioan and Kusso-Turkish wars. Mr. Stanloy, at the end of hia aeaaon in Capo town, goes direct to the Diamond Fields, aftor showing at Beaufort West anâ ono or two othor townB on tho routo. 