Old Country Notes. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] LONDON, 23rd September. THE Cuzco on her last trip brought to England a small quantity of Australian game, which arrived frozen and in good condition. There were black ducks, kangaroo, and fish, and for the first time I bad the pleasure of Beeiog a kangaroo hanging head down war da outaide a restaurant in Holborn. An honest Cockney was surveying it with a critical and meditative eye, and his ver dict, delivered to the bystanders, was that it was the rummiest deer he ever saw. I have not been able to learn how the game generally was dis posed of, but there went to the Mansion House, as a present to the Lord Mayor, thirteen kan garoos and boxes of schaapper, whiting, fatheads, guard fish, jew fUh, Bea mullet, and bream. There were also some wild turkeys. Smart para graphs and witty leaderettes have been published in celebration of the introduction of these new luxuries, but the genial sohnapper is " going the rounds" as " schnappes," and the jew has be come " Jewish fißh." The iah was fairly liked nfc the Mansion House, but from three gentlemen who received presents and tried the game at their own tables I have heard not very enthusiastic opinions. The whiting and flathead seemed to be held in highest estimation ; next the bream. This slight upon our favourite schnapper, associated with many a pleasant recollection of fresh, foam breaking winter mornings at the Flat Rook, is incomprehensible. He v said to have thawed soft and strong-flavoured, and to have lost that rich flavour which gives him such high rank in the colonies. The mullet, on the contrary, im proved by his residence in the refrigerating chamber. The wild duck would not bear com parison with the water-fowl of Leadenhall market, and the kangaroos were regarded more as curiosities than meat to be hankered after. It is surprising that some public opportunity of testing the qualities of these things has not been afforded. The fish, however, can never seriously compete with the inhabitants of the seas around the British Islands. Ttie fresh herring, Bole, turbot, and cod have no rivals in the world, and probably never will have; and when the Billings gate ring is smashed into bits, as it will be within twelve months, fish will be one of the cheapest articles of diet for the English poor. The Cuzoo also brought 150 tons of beef and mutton, and aprijmt thereof, there has been revealed another "ring" amongst the Surithneld butchers against Australian froeen meat. Certain of these monopo lists are setting it about that the Australian meat after it has been thawed a little while becomes soft and rotten. This action of the wholesale meat men is a difficulty to be faced and overcome. The public as a matter of fact know little of what is going on with respeot to these consign ments further than the ÜBual paragraph stating that so many fronen theep and c ittle carcasses arrived per mail, and that the success of the ex periment was telegraphed, &c;, &c.; Frozen meat requires careful and exceptional treatment, and somebody ought to take the trouble to en lighten the ignorant. Practical men are unani mous in iusis'ing that the frozen meat trade will never have a fair chance until the retail buyer has an opportunity of directly procuring his sup plies, be they great or small, from a properly conducted Australian depdU At present the London butchers Bell the Australian meat as English, and it will be an unfortuuate thing if the opinion becomes prevalent that the ordinary consumer is to receive uo benefit from this five aoheme. Australian meat, if the trade is to be well established, should be sold as nuoh, aad at prices sufficiently I<>w to attract the masses of the people. Of course there are always men like Mr. Archer to write to the Times, as he haa done, but there is oo denying that that last consignment was not a success. The meat that went bad hud been kept too long in muggy weather, and no pains had been taken to properly prepaie it. The Smithfield "ring" tried at firat to ruin the American meat business in the same way, and the promoters were compelled to establish retail Bhops as well as a central de^ot. The Austra lian promoters must not imagine that the thing will manage itself. Our acting A Kent-General tells me that he finds a gradual thawiug the best, and that, cirefully handled, the meat turns out magnificently. But I saw a leg of the Cuzco mutton this week brought to table very dark and hard, because it bad not been intelligently prepared. The "ring" does not and will not do thi*. It seems to nu< that sufficient publicity is not given, and that the Australian meat trado requires "shepherding." Miss Braddon's summarised edition of Walter Scott's novels, now offered at a pen)iy each, is not going off at the rate which the bublishers anticipated. The summary is too severe, and it does seem sad to find the charming cht^ucter of the Waverley noveU completely deltroyed. Scott bears a considerable amount of cutting dowD, but not so much as this. Yet another congress ; with two more ' to follow at the beginning of October. The events of the future are the Social Science meeting* at Dublin and the Church Congress at Newcastle. The gathering just over is the Trades Union/ Congress, which sat in London, and attracted' more attention than any of its predecessor*, fourteen in number. I was present at the first congress ever held in London, some fifteen years ago, and it was my business to see a good deal of that of last week in Newman-street. There have been changes and improvements with the trades unionists, a* with all elso during that interval, which in these go-ahead days of first clasa express in private and public life may he taken to represent a big slice of a generation. Fifteen years ago the Press took little notice of trades unions, and when it did comment upon tlieru it whh mostly for the purpose of pointing a moral or adonanp: v tale. Tbu brutul outrages of the Sheffield uui..u» had stamped the entire body witli a p;m guinary tint, and in theNatjoual Society* Standard Keariing-book of ■Rich later date the pupils were taught that toTie a trades uuiouibt was to be at the mercy of a despotic band of secret assassins. The cor grass last week com. plained that, spite of pr m/iaes from the Arch* bishop of Canterbury, th j i«a<ling-bouk wab null used, and a better comment perhaps even than the ability of tlie modern unionist to complain of the teachings of Whately'a extracts as ft libel was the subsequent admission by the secretary of the National Society that the charged made in the reading-book were undoubtedly unjust, and that every eftort had been made to withdraw the edition from circulation and use in the schools. At that first congress the delegates squabbled for two entire days over their own expenses, and showed in every discussion that arose how unfit they were to control an organi sation. The congress last week was very ably conducted by quite a different type of delegate, and even the Times gave the proceedings long reports and a couple of complimentary leaders. In short, the annual Trades Unions Congress is now recognised in the Press and in the House of Commons as a bond fide labour Parliament that must be listened to with recpeot, and this proud position has been reached in the face of even violent opposition and ridi cule, and through the abilities and power of the working men themselves and none other. How far a change of leaders may be at the bottom of this alteration I do not say, but I noticed that the faces of representative men whose names will ever be associated with the infancy of the move ment were not to be seen. George Potter, editor of the long defunct Beehive, Howell, Cremer, Lucraft, and many another was absent, aid the only working man of the former set there was Dan Guile, who took the position of patriarch of the order, and was listened to as such. The presence of women delegates was another instance of change, and it seemed from several little incidents that the congress does not altogether value their wisdom, though it cannot deny their right to be present. Two of them were supposed to have gained admittance with the object of furthering by a side wind certain crotchets with which working men have no sympathy, and two others (there wero eigbt lady members) betrayed temper and prejudices that did their cause harm rather than good. One young womau, representing a society of shirt, collar, and under linen makers, made a great grievance of the fact that at a deputation to the Home Secretary some woman delegate was not invited to make a speech, although she admitted that the spokes man of the body said all that could be said on the occasion. These ladies spoke, however, very little at the congress, and always very briefly and sensibly. The oratorical female delegate was a Miss Craigen, a middle-aged spinster, very short, very rotund, with elf looks, and a face that the moßt sensitively gallant of men could not touch with the ghost of a compliment She had a deep bass voice, and endless fluency ; but when, rising to the occasion once or twice, she gave full rein to her energy, the effect was not Agreeable. As the First Witch, in " Macbeth," or a Fury in a classical tragedy, her declamation would be in valuable. The male delegates were always im patient at such times as this lady addressed them, and I found this to be occasioned by suspicion of a sister who was known to be a pro fessional agitator ia various movements. Her latest appearance has been as one of the Farnell seotion, and as a Land League ora tress she has stumped the three kingdoms. On the laßt day of the congress she tried to introduce the unsavoury subject of the Con tagious Diseases Act, but the working men would not have it at any price. They called her to order, and since she screamed high abov« the calls, they forthwith shouted her down. To be sure this was not gnllant conduct, but the work ing men as a body have a repugnance to women meddling in these questions, and refused to allow the sanction of the congress to be given to the particular society whose paid agent the lady— questioned in that pointed manner which one lady opposed to another knows so well how to assume, with a smiling and friendly air—at length admitted she had been. The lady dele gates, on the whole, therefore did not score much. They did not, it is true, waste time as some half-dozen men did every day, and they sat out the meetings with exemplary patience ; but in the matter of women representation the trades unionists are evidently conservative. The congress did not get through half the programme placed before it by the committee which regulated the busiuess, thanks to an attempt made by what are now known as Fuir Traders to get in the thin end of their wedge. The attitude here taken by the congress was not an outburst of temper, bat the result of careful deliberation, and the significance of the issue, and its bearing upon working men all over the world, must be my excuse for devoting to it so much space. During the previous week, it is necessary to remember, there had sat in Westminster a Fair Tiade Con ference, promoted by the same men who led the Jingoes when they smashed Gladntoue's windows and rioted at public meeting?. At this confer ence some dozen men claimed to represent im portant Trades Associations, and it waß stated that they had all been paid to attend, in order to create the impression that the Fair Trade move ment was an affair of the working man. ■Tho Trades Union Congress determined to expose the hollowness of such a pretension. And cer tainly they did so expose it. The congress, let it be borne in mind, represented, through dele gates carefully elected by the local trades councils, nearly half a million working men, and must ba held to have clearly Bpoken in their voice. It was not strauge of courso th»t the pro nn'Dent working-men representatives of the Fair Trade Conference should Hppeai at the trades Uiion Congre*n, but it was strange that th^y shmld be found, upon nn inspection of their certificate*, to hold faulty crt.denti Im. Nor wah it unmiHonaVile that the concrete *hfiv!d exi,el them. If ary juMifica tion had been required it was furnished by ore of tho later "scenes," when two of the rt-joctrd K*ir Traders forced their wav into the lull, :A(\ defied the control, aud «h>n it c:w.,-i <n* f. tKfV were nctirj? under tlir dir^rtiuiM «.f tti-'^Hh .) n^o, C-Hptain l!..'df(.pl I'iin, who >-'<^^V .-'■ iinjr in the pa*«j»j<r while tl.e i: n/,r.v« rtr^^^^^f.i (le»ire to kick the in'ruder.-> ut, ;.nd a'A^^^^yiuliee. The gallant captain outei.le di3uu«i^Hkuu a HiddWx mu^utrate ho for* bade the police to interfere, but a deputation from the congress quietly appealed to the nearest stipendiary magistrate, who pointed out that the congress having hired the room for its own pur poses, the delegated had & right to eject the in truders " with ;ta little force as poesible." Tbo right wns acted upon. Portions of three days were monopolised by this extra work, but the congress, by a majority of ten to one, decided that if it had done nothing else but " stamp out this imposition," it had not assembled in vain. The Fair Traders are ad mittod fir and wide to have made a mistake. It would have paid them better to let the congress alone, and allow their own conference to have passed fur what it was worth. They have now revealed their hand, placed themselves in the wrong, and failed even in what they hoped to obtain—namely, grounds for publicity in the law court*. On the other hand, all tho best daily papers praise the con gress for ite behaviour under discreditable provo cation. The revival of a taste for melodrama of the Never- too-late-to-mend order has been further shown by the brilliant success of a piece called the " Lights of London," written by Mr. G. It. Bims, the author of the Dagonet ballads, and produced at the Princess's Theatre. It deals almost entirely with low life, and is remarkable for the most realistic groupings of tramps, thieves, and London roughß ever produced on a stage. It ia full of touches of humau nature that appeal to the pathetic side of the sympathies of an audience, and it certainly does in a won derful way hold the mirror up, as Shakspeare says it should be held. Mr. Sims may be honestly congratulated, although he would be nowhere, as the saying goes, without the lavish scenic effects provided by the management The piny is his first venture in melodrama. He has written farces which have beeu successful; as "Dagonet," of the Referee, he was well known and liked by the public ; and in Bohemia he ban for years been known as one of the regular contributors to Fun. Now he hae achieved a position which will give him the handsome in come^ of a successful pißy-writer. It will be some^tiuie, no doubt, before he will be able to bag £1000 for a week's work, as Mr. Irving did the week before last by acting at Leeds, but he is still a man whom scores of less fortu nate haunters of managers' rooms will envy. At Drury Lane a so-called moral melodrama entitled "Youth" has been running, and Mr. Augustus Harris has placarded the town with a mawkish address to "parents and guardians," advertising bis play on the high moral ticket The public were not a little disguated with this, and with another placard containing a letter in the same spirit, from a clergyman who is sup posed to have family relations with the astute Drury Lane manager and lessee. Mr. Harris puts himself into all leading parts, albeit he is a poor sort of actor. As sole lessee, of course he has a right to do this, and equally of course he can make sure of certain cliqueish adulation. But the time comes when the tide turns, and the success of George Sims at the Princess's is being made to reflect in unflattering terms upon Augustus Harris at Drury Lane. The Adelphi, not to be left out of this melodramatic flush of moral stage-teaching, has brought out once more Charles Reade's famous prison play. When the winter season sets in we shall see how far oomic opera and burlesque will turn the channel of 'caprice. The "Salvation Army" will light upon troublous times if it does not take care. The shrewd schemer who runs the speculation, an i who may be backed against all comers for knowing how to work the oracle, should be more moderate in his demands, and more meek in his management,else by the one he will disgust the public who have hitherto tolerated his agents, while by the other he will rouse the active hostility of the street population. At a confer ence—another conference you will observe ! —at Exeter Hall two days ago, be capped his usual appeal for cash by stating that a gentleman had just given him a gold watch and chain, and by telling hia audience that they could not put their watches—if they were gold—to better use than by handing them up to him. The response was Bilence, but it was a serious appeal on the " gene ral's" part nevertheless. Then the "army" people have been making too frequent appear ances in the police courts. The occasional ap pearanciof " offioers" in this army as offenders— euch as the soidisant "captain" recently scut to prison with the magisterial consolation that he was a " blasphemous, hypocritical, abandoned sooundrel," or the female " captain" who fell in love with a he "corporal" and took to drink through unrequited love —is a misfortune that may happen to any similarly constituted body ; but the continual prosecutions instituted by the " army" authorities against men and boys who are said to interfere with the processions are a distinct reversal of the recommended practice of turning the unamitten cheek for an encore. One of the London magistrates last Friday Bpoke very strongly upou the point, remark ing that these noisy banda of some forty or fifty persons disturbing the traffic were becoming a public nuisance, and that it would Boon be a question how far they would be allowed to create riots wherever they go. The rioting is a fact for which they have to thank themselves. If a boy only brushes against one of the processionists he is forthwith hailed before a magistrate and fined. This is no doubt a cheap method of advertising, and it is pursued us a system. The " dregs of the population," who might, perhaps, be benefited by the plan adopted by the " army," have been thus, in many districts, made furious, and the squeaks of au " army" concertina and the chorus of one o' its marching hymns iuvariably bring the un washed from the courts and alleys of the alums in an angry ewarui. At first the magistntes were inclined to protect the complainants. in 4 reprove and punish the defendants ; now lity call tl.e complainants a nuisance, and \v iiie defendants utl' as easily as the law allows. The new colonial club, to which I refenert in my last letter, vow advertises that it hn» taken temporary premises in St. James-street. The Lord Mayor, working with the. aayor of Southampton, ia ruiViug a fund for theAid<w.', i-rpliaim, ;Uid ilept iiilpi>- rft-tiws •■' tli^^L^>tii k'cia ulju clew rtuu'eieu littuiunr iln^B r:..i luhh <jf the Teuton. Hui lep.s than •'-^^^[' '•* required. Jt^^^L The iugenuity of Henry Matthews, alias Lee, aliat Wlight, a cattle dealer, of Sydney, New South Wales (according to bis own account), almost deserved succees, seeing that he outwitted the lynx-eyed police in a somewhat incomprehen sible manner. Mr. Matthews was sentenced to two months' imprisonment at Worship-street Police Court for an assault. On the same day an English labourer named Coombes was sentenced to oue month's imprisonment. Matthews had £130 in his pocket at the time, and in the cells he bargained with Coombes, who for £10 agreed to personate him tit the House of Correction, to which they were duly removed the same day in the prison van. The little plan so far succeeded that Matthews passed as Coombes for the space of one month, and was actually Bet at liberty. Mr. Matthews, not content with his mouth's freedom purchased for a £10 note, hangs about Bethnal Qreen and gets rearrested, being as a matter of fact "wanted" for a gold robbery of some £080. He will now have to stand his trial upon that charge, and to answer with Coombes for conspiracy to defeat juatice. It is not ex plained, however, why, since £130 was found upon the man wheu the police took him, and £120 only when he arrived at the House of Cor rection, the reduction of the amount was not discovered ; nor why the acquisition of £10 by Mr. Coombes during the same interval escaped observation! At the Trades Union Congresß a good deal was said about the Employers' Liability Act of last session, and illustrations were given of the Bcamping propensities of builders, not only as to the houses they build for Bale, but as to the very scaffolding they use in building. Two days ago the first practical operation of the Act was put in force. A Whitechapel carpenter brought an action in the City of London Court against his master to reoover compensation for iujuries. Under the Act an employer is liable for injuries caused by the negligence of his workpeople. In this case the plaintiff was in jured by the falling of a shelf lowered by a fellow workman. The evidence being that the rope wan too short for the purpose, the jury gave a verdict for the plaintiff with £10 damages. The extra- parliamentary utterance season has set in with vigour, and members are delivering tho annual account of their stewardship to the constituencies. As if satiated with the subject during the session, they are saying scarcely any thing in the Teceas of the Irish Land Bill. The prominent question is that of fair trade, but Sir Stafford Northcote keeps a persistent silence, leaving such erratic members of his rank and file as Ashmead-Bartlett and Lord Randolph Churchill to discover which way the wind is likely to blow. The Government men are ailent too, save Mr. Bright, who naturally considers the talk against free-trade to be a temporary form of lunacy. But they have some reason for silence pending the negotiations with France. The constituencies as a whole do not appear to care a rush about the fair trade cry at present; and if that movement bo not more capably handled it will never attain the dimensions of an agitation. This is tantamount to confessing that, politically, we are at present decidedly dull. The Court of Common Council have, by a large majority, resolved to present the Premier with an address, and, in addition to this city enter' tainment, there is to be a lionising of the Premier at Leeds next month. The county members are bringing agricultural topics to the fore, some recommending an import duty on corn, and all echoing the sentiments of Lord Combermere, who bids the farmers take heart of grace, assuring them that if they persevere they will, notwith standing foreign importations, beat the whole world, seeing that they have a " climate, soil, and knowledge inferior to none." An effort to crush the Liverpool cotton brokers' ring has been only partially successful. The Manchester " men" have long been groaning under the greediness of the Liverpool " gentlemen," and thought the time bad arrived when they might demolish the "corner" by which the nefarious practices were maintained. A meeting of Lancashire Bpinners was accordingly held in Manchester, and it was resolved to stop the mills for a week, if two-thirds of the mill-owners would agree to the scheme. This would be a loss of £20,000 in wages to the operatives, but it was stated that the loss sustained by masters and men would put an end to the plundering of the Liverpool gang. Some of the Northern manu facturers will not join the Bpinners, but the latter seem resolved, once and for all, to make r stand against Liverpudlian extortion, and when the Manchester school does make up its mind it generally carries its point. King Kalakaua, of the S> .dwich Islands, who preserved 6O dignified a during his brief sojourns in Lon<l ,v aud Berlin, has (says an Exchange) yield.v to the exuberant joviality of the Austrian i.aiser*t;idt, and broken out publicly into a very ocstacy of " high jinks," to the infinite gratification of the rollicking Viennese, at once flattered and delighted by such uncompromising royul recognition of the irre sistibili/y of their beloved cityV fceductive capa cities. J His Majesty, whilst making the rounds of thetauburbau dicing rooms the other night, acconjmnied by his personal suite, happened to visiu" a famous saloon in the Wurstel Prater. Stated in a box, he for some time complacently patched the walixjra, and listened to the in sidious strains of Strauss. Presently the magio (X sweet sounds, bright eyes, and dainty figures, united hi* royal reserve, and sub dued fur the time his sense of monar chical decorum. All at once he rose, chose him .1 partner of siu^ular beauty and agility, des cended into obe ball-room, and began to dance with all the fervour of a southern nature. Greeted \>y enthusiastic shouts of " Bravo, M.i jecty ;" '• Long live Kalukaua !" and " There'd soiarthi" » ike a King for yon !" he gave full rein t'i I r long-repressed vivacity of tempera ment, md danct.d away through the remainder of the ouliestral programme until an early hour of the morning. When he at last left the saloon aiid got into his carriage to return to hie hotel,-' he w»h cheered to the echo by an admiring crowd, i:id tbe "girls he left behind him" waved their lmnHkercbiefH enthusiastically ns he drove off. Kini; Knl;ik;ma will long bloeaorn in the ruemo iii-s of the kaicerstii.dter an by far the cheeriest and leant haughty foreign monarch that ever yet abode aiaoug lImA 