Christchurch Cathedral, Newcastle. From our own Reporter.) A meeting to advocate the project of erect- ing a cathedral church at Newcastle, on the site of Christchurch, was held yesterday afternoon in the City Hall, Newcastle. There was a fair attendance, the major part consisting of ladies. The Bishop of Newcastle presided, and opened the proceedings with prayer. The Bishop of Newcastle said it was one of the great principles of the art of usefulness to know how to make use of one's friends. That was what he proposed to do with his friend the Bishop of Melbourne. The Bishop was just now setting an example in cathedral building to Australian Bishops and to Australian dioceses. And he (the Bishop of Newcastle) did not know that he could do better than take advantage of his friend's short visit and give him an opportunity of stirring the people of the diocese of Newcastle in that great work. They needed stirring up. The meeting that afternoon had presented just one of the difficulties they had to face. Newcastle was undoubtedly the right place to hold such a meeting, because the Cathedral was to be built there. But then it was thought the afternoon was the right time, the most convenient time, in order that people from the country might have a chance to be present. He was sorry there was not a larger assemblage. But he hoped the good results of the meeting would not be measured by the number in attendance. It was a great work they were entered upon. And he might just remind them that it was a work which might be described as a legacy bequeathed by the late Bishop of Newcastle to his successors. He could just imagine a casual traveller passing the city, and casting his glance upon the hill where the present Christchurch is, saying to himself-" How could a man like Bishop Tyrrell, a man of well- known energy, having the command of time and large means, go on for thirty years and allow such a chief church as that to represent his diocese ? How could he tolerate, for that long episcopate, that yellow barn which crowns that noble site ?" Well, those of them who had entered upon the work of the late bishop, and who know something of his plans could very easily answer such questions. For his own part, he thought it rather to the late Bishop's honor than otherwise, that he did not build a cathedral. They all well knew that he had what they might term the less showy part of his work more immediately at heart that although he did not send down his name in connection with a grand pile of buildings, as he might have done, he was planning so that the remotest bush parish and the most insignificant part of the diocese might enjoy the advantage of pastoral ministrations. That was the end which Bishop Tyrrell set before him. To that he sacrificed energy, time, and money. He was ever working for the organisation of the diocese, rather than for that which would hand down his name associated with a visible memorial of his episcopate. He (Dr. Pearson) thought now, however, that it would not be a credit to the diocese to allow the present state of things to continue. They should not permit matters to remain stationary. Let them look around them. In Sydney there was a free and open cathedral. Goulburn would soon be in possession of a cathedral too. So would Bathurst. Armidale was already supplied, and Grafton, not to be outstripped, would soon be graced with a hand- some minster. If they did not take care, the infant diocese of Riverina would be ahead of them if they did not make a start and act decisively. He hoped that at that meeting they would hear a wholesome lesson, one that would urge them to energetic and a prompt action. But it was not merely because other dioceses were building cathedrals that they should likewise take such a work up. He hoped that if the work did not commend itself on other grounds, although other dioceses might be doing it, the diocese of Newcastle would be willing in true manliness to say, " Let others do what they will we will not do this work unless the thing be worth doing." And he brought the matter prominently and emphatically before them, because he thought the work was worth doing for itself. In the first place, a cathedral should in a manner be the pattern church of the whole diocese, in the complete excellence of its arrangements, in the chastened beauty of its design and decorations, and in the thorough heartiness of its musical services. It should set an example, and have an influence from one end of the diocese to the other. As it was to be the chief church in the cathedral city, it should take its proper place at the head of all their churches. Try as they might now, it was utterly impossible to carry out any Btately-be had almost said decent ritual in a building like that at present on the hill. He was not urging to any great displays or to any unnecessary expenditure. But he did hope they would see the necessity for making the centre church of the diocese no longer a disgrace but a model. Then a cathedral church was not only required to be a pattern. It was required to bear witness to a very important truth. They were not to regard themselves as just members of isolated congregations - they should try more and more completely to enter into the thought that they were members of a great church order extending throughout the world. The tendency of colonial parishes was greatly towards congregational and parochial isolation. That was no doubt the natural result of the great distances, dividing one from another. But a cathedral would be a centre as it were towards which all parishes and all churchmen would look as a memorial that they were members of one great family, subjects of a far-reaching kingdom. They knew that the General Synod had lately been very hard at work, and one of the chief things it had done had been to try to plan upon the old lines of church organisation, a constitution for the dioceses of the. Church of England in Australia and. Tasmania. They had desired not to look upon each diocese as a detached body of worshippers, but had striven so to work as to weld all the dioceses together as part of one great church existing throughout the world. (Hear, hear.) Now the cathedral, in its way, would be a witness to a tabernacle of the same truth. There were Christiana who put forward as the most prominent principle of church go? ern ment that each congregation should be com- piece in itself, independent of its neighbours in discipline and in doctrine, and standing alone. That was not the system of the Church of England. And the cathedral, a worthy cathedral, standing on that noble hill would be at prominent witness to the truth that they as churchmen acknowledged an interest which extended far wider than any single congregation, that they liked to think of themselves not as detached interests, but as forming parts of one great institution. (Hear, hear.) The Cathedral church would be the centre of the diocese, just as the diocese might be regarded as one parish in the great whole of Christ's kingdom. ' But as he had many opportunities of expounding to them his views upon the subject, he would not detain them longer that afternoon. He had no doubt they had not forgotten the pointed and concise remark of his wife when she first saw the cathedral as it was at present. He hoped that before very long their shame and their reproach would be removed, and that their cathedral would be justly the pride and glory of the diocese. He would ask the Bishop of Melbourne now to address them : he was in the middle of his building work and would enable them to make a start. (Applause.) The Bishop on Melbourne. was warmly applauded on rising. He said they all knew that a Cathedral, the mother church of a diocese, was so called because the Cathedral, the chair of the bishop, was set within it. It was in that church that the bishop preached, ordains, gathers his clergy and laity together on great and solemn occasions. And therefore the first motive that should urge them to build a Cathedral was that it was the bishop's church. And they should know and love their bishop sufficiently well to provide him with a church adapted to his great and arduous mission. (Hear, hear.) And he ventured to say that they who belonged to the diocese of Newcastle did love their bishops. In their first bishop they had a clergyman occupying the chair who was known, for his simplicity of character, for devotion to his mission, for his great and continuous and unceasing labours, not only to churchmen in Australia but also to churchmen in England. Wherever there were good men, he was known, and his example was a stimulus to good. He could not say much of his friend in the chair, because he was present. And if he said what he might say in his absence, his words might be chargeable with the partiality of friendship. For Dr. Pearson was one of his dear and most intimate friends. Nevertheless this he would say that they could not have known their Bishop long enough to know as he (Dr. Moorhouse) did all the capacity and all the good- ness that dwelt in him. (Hear, hear.) And if it pleased God to continue his life among them, future generations would point to the name of Pearson as not one of the least amongst great Australian pre- lates. (Hear.) Therefore, he would urge upon them to give their Bishop, because they loved him, a better church than that mean-looking meeting-house, which disgraced one of the finest sites in Australia. But they should not act upon personal considerations alone. As their Bishop had just told them, they should build a cathedral for purposes of utility. They knew that in all dioceses there were a number of societies-for building churches, for promoting missions, for improving the means of education. He ventured to say that these societies would never prosper, as they should, until their members can be gathered into one centre. They cannot be gathered till a home is found for them. The parish church was only the parish church - the centre of the parish organization, but there would never be a home for these societies until they built the chair church of the diocese the Cathedral church. If you take them into a parish church they would get discontented. That was human nature. To make a parish church in any way a diocesan centre would create jealousies, and members of diocesan societies would not like to go there. Until n home was got for Such societies they would never prosper, but would hang about the diocese like loose uncomfortable appendages, wanting the unifying influence, and the stimulating warmth that can come alone from the central heart of the diocese. As had been already urged upon them, and he also urged it upon them, they should provide them selves with a visible type of their union, to place before the whole world. They should show to the strangers coming to the city by the sea that they were one with the church at large, that here were not a number of loose and isolated congregations eaten up by parochial selfishneSS. They should allow the stranger and the world to see that the church in the diocese is one, a body, an organic whole head, eye, hands, and feet that the members of the church sympathise with their brethren that the strong and the rich take care of the poor and the weak. That was what they would do if they erected a noble minister on the site God had given them. They wants -farmers. Their cathedral building would point with significant finger backward into, the pay".' "" forward into the future. It would say backward to their connexion with that WJ history and those associations which they had a right to share with their brethren in England. And it would point forward to that future amongst ninety millions of English speaking people and those whom they guide and guard, us a future with which the church must be closely associated. Then they must bear in mind that the cathedral had a lesson to teach and a work to do. Their bishop would be enabled, if they built the cathedral, to institute special services for particular wants and particular calls. He could gather to him the best musical ability, the best preaching talent, yards without which the church in Australia would never be able to set before men the secret of the power of the wonderful liturgy of the Church of England. Moreover, the Cathedral would be a school of preachers for the whole diocese. If they had a grand building, grand for space and majestic for proportions, no matter how plain, those who preached in it would be obliged to improve both their method and their matter (a laugh). He knew very well what it was to preach in large cathedrals, and if a man preaching in a cathedral did not want to be looked upon as the peasant said " A bee Humming in a bottle," it would be necessary for him to pronounce slowly and distinctly every word, to articulate every consonant, and to give full effect to that grace of sound with which God has endowed him. (Hear, hear.) And then if a man speaks slowly and deliberately, he must talk sense (hear, hear, and a laugh and bright and impressive sense too. It may be possible to put forward there common- place if he mumbleB over his utterances, but if you call a man to give force to the stately solemnity of cathedral preaching, you forbid him talk folly, for it would become intoler- able even to himself. Therefore, if they had a cathedral, they would reap the benefit in the improved manner of those who preached to them. No preacher in a cathedral can give himself up to the graces of elocution. He cannot indulge in the crescendo and the diminuendo. He will be obliged to be a more simple, a more homely in a word, a more trenchant and powerful preacher. It was worth while to have a cathedral, to ensure these benefits. (Hear, hear.) No doubt, building a cathedral would cause expenditure. Everything cost money. And while be fully believed that they all took the view of the action of their late Bishop, which had been put before them by their present Bishop, yet he distinctly said also that the money spent in building a cathedral was not money wasted. People might object to spend money on temples of stone, while the living temples of the Holy Ghost were neglected. That was an objection often made, and it was a very hollow one. He would not take one single penny which ought to be expended on those living temples. If he thought his present appeal would divert a single penny from such a purpose he should regret having made the appeal. But need the building of a cathedral divert money from any such object ? Let them ask themselves a fair question, and insist upon an answer. They all had a certain fund which they devoted to the purposes of building, enlarging, and decorating their dwelling houses. Did they rob the poor to do that Ought they to be ashamed of their houses are spacious and handsome. They did not build their houses in a commodious fashion for ostentation alone, but because home was the most precious place in their eyes, because it enshrined their dearest treasures. Therefore they built spacious apartments and used pretty decorations. (Hear, hear.) He asked them to do just the same to the church, to the house of prayer, where they gathered to hear God's word and to sing his praises. If they were true Christians, what was the motive force of their lives ? What was, that which gave . them the brightest hopes and the deepest peace, which was the light of the life which now is, and the joy of that which is to come ? If they had learned truly, they would have learned to love God from their hearts, and would first of all seek the good of His Kingdom. The erection of a stately temple to the glory of God would be an expression, an uttering forth, of their love to God. (Hear, hear.) And the measure of their liberality should bear some proportion to the sum spent on their own homes. Where were they to get the money ? They must not take it from the poor, or from the support of any church work. Let them take it from the domestic building fund. Exercise a little self-denial in reference to that fund. Let them forego the picture, the additional room, the new suite of apartments, they had desired to possess or build ; let them say " I am disgusted with that mean building up there it libels the liberality and the spirit of the churchmen of Newcastle and I will deny myself in order that I may build a House for God glorious and beautiful, and then I will get what I have pur- posed for myself." Then they would rob no worthy cause of a penny, they would exercise self-denial ; they would bIiow-what was of more importance that their religion was something more than a form, and that their worship of God was something more than lip-service. He asked them to give to show their faith in Christ. When the hosts of unbelief were rising in dark menace around the Church of Christ, let them express their faith in the church and its fortunes by building nobly, solidly, substantially, a church visible to the eyes of all beholders, intended to last from generation to generation a church that would express to all men that their faith was founded upon a rock, and that they believed in their Master's promise that, however numerous and powerful the enemies of His Church, the gates of hell should never prevail against it. (Applause.) The Rev. Canon Selwyn regretted that many more had not heard the speech just delivered, and believed many Newcastle people would regret it when they heard of it. He hoped however that the Bishop of Melbourne might be induced to visit them again,-per- haps when they were about to lay the foundation stone of their now cathedral. Although the bishop's words would be reported, no reporter could convey the spirit and the effect with which the words were uttered. As to the building of the cathedral, he really believed they had come to the point when they would be able to begin the work. He believed it would be carried on in the spirit and on the lines indicated. The committee appointed at the late Synod of the diocese would shortly meet, and select a plan which he hoped would be worthy of the noble site they possessed, and that then without any further hindrances the work of building their cathedral church would go on. he believed many people were prepared to give in the spirit which had been pointed out, and if each person interested gave the rich of their wealth and the poor according to their poverty, the required sum would be raised. In course of time the reproach of the diocese would be removed, the yellow, mean, meeting- house on the top of the hill would be taken down, and its place occupied worthily. For his own part, he would engage to give £100 a-year to the Cathedral building as long as it was needed. Mr. H. B. Cotton was always conscious of the miserable contrast offered by Christchurch to church buildings elsewhere in the diocese and as he had worshipped more than half-a-century in the Church of England, he asked himself '' Shall I do nothing for that church ?" And he answered "Yes, by God's help, I will." He would give £100 to the fund. The Bishop or Newoasti/B said he had taken legal advice while in Sydney respecting the difficulties which it had been said would arise out of an alleged conflict between the Cathedral ordinance passed at the late session of Synod and the Church Act. He would not trouble them with details, but he had been instructed that those difficulties would disappear like the morning cloud when the sun rises upon it. As the building of the Cathedral was a diocesan matter, he would ask the Rev. S. Simm and the Rev. John Shaw to say a few words, as exponents of the opinion of other parts of the diocese. The Rev. S. Simm, alluding to the large attendance of ladies, said he was not sure their attendance would be more effective that that of their husbands would have been. They had been impressed with what had been said, and would take care to convey their impressions home, whereas the husbands, called from their business, might have been inattentive and apathetic. He urged the enlistment of all possible agencies in the gathering of funds for the cathedral, and promised that though he could not give £100, he would while he lived see that a steady stream of contributions to the fund came from Raymond Terrace. The Rev. John Shaw said the matter of the building of the cathedral which for long years had loomed on the far distant horizon, seemed at last to have been brought nearer. That meeting would make a beginning; it would have an influence outside that room. He explained that the clergyman from Singleton was detained by a funeral, and that the Rev. Mr, Yarrington would have come from West Maitland, if he had not been also detained by two funerals. He was glad in the prospect of the erection of a Cathedral equal to the needs And not beyond the capabilities of the diocese. No one else rising, the Bishop of Newcastle said he hoped the thoughts they were indulging as would lead to action, and closed the meeting by pronouncing the benediction. After the meeting Mr. Ireland on behalf of himself and his family handed in a cheque for £105. . 