LADIES' COLUMN. GIRL LIFE IN INDIA. [From the Christian Monthly.] On the day of her marriage the child-bride is put into a palanquin, ehut up tight, and carried to her husband's house. Hitherto she has been the spoilt pet of her mother; now she is to be the little slave of her motner-in-law, upon whom she is to wait, whose commands she is implicitly to obey, and who is to teaah her what she is to do to please her husband—what dishes he likes best, and how to cook them. If the mother-in-law is kind, she will let the girl go home occasionally to visit her mother. In her father's tonse she may wear her saree down on her shoulders. In her mother-in-law's house it must not only be drawn up over her head, but it must come down over her face to the mouth. This may be lifted up off her face after the birth of her first babe. In her mother's house she retains her given name — Mohenee. In her husband's she really loses her identity. She is never called by her given name, but always Bo, which means daughter-in-law; but added to Bo is another name, which denotes whether she is the first, second, third, or fourth Bon's wife. After the birth of her first child she is known as the mother of that child, the word ma being attached to that child's name, when she is spoken of as Chondroma Bedo-ma. In the mother's house she may run about in the court and verandahs, talking and playing (poor play) as much as she pleases. In her husband's, till after the first child is born, she must move about like a poor little ghost, so quietly and softly that her voice must never be heard above the faintest whisper. In fact, she is perfectly tamed and broken into the most abject submission. Each morning, when she first sees her mother-in-law for the day, she must throw herself prostrate before her, touching the ground with her fore head and kissing the mother-in-law's feet, placingone of them on her head for a moment. This denotes the perfect subjection of body and mind in which she is to remain. Of her husband she sees very little. She is of no more account to him than a little cat or a dog would be. There is seldom or never any love between them, aud no matter how oruelly she may be treated, she can never complain to her husband of any thing his mother may do, for he would never take his wife's part. Her husband sends to her daily the portion of food that is to be cooked for himself, her, and the children. When it is prepared, sho places it all on a large brass platter, and it is sent into the husband's room. He eats what he wishes, and then the platter is sent back with what is left for her and the children. They sit together on the ground and eat the remainder, having neither knives, forks, nor spoons. While she is young she is never allowed to go anywhere. When she becomes very old, if she makes a vow to go on a pilgri mage to some heathen temple, she is permitted to go to offer a sacrifice either for herself or for others. Bnt this is only occasionally done; very, very few ever undertake it. She always has her takoors or household gods on a shelf in the house, most frequently over her own bed. and to them she pays her daily devotions, offer ing them rice and decorating them with flowers, At length when she draws near the hour of death, and it is thought her end is just approaehiDg, she is carried down to the banks of the Ganges, there to breathe her last in view of that holy stream whose waters are supposed to be effica cious in cleansing away sin. As Boon as the spirit has departed, the remains are taken to the Burning Ghat (the place for burning the dead bodies), and laid upon a pile of wood. In a few hours nothing remains but a little heap of ashes. This is then taken up and cast into the river. Snch is the life and death of the happiest, the most favoured amongst these Bengali women. The little girls are married even as young as three years of age; and should the boy to whom Buch a child is married die the next day she is called a widow, and is henceforth doomed to peipetnal widowhood—she can never marry again. As a widow she mnst never wear any jewellery, never dress her hair, never sleep on a bed, nothing but a piece of mattiDg spread on the brick floor, sometimes not even that between her and the cold bricks; and no matter how cold the night might be, ehe most have no other covering than the thin garment she has worn during the day. She must eat but one meal of food a day, and that of the coarsest kind, and once in two weeks Bhe must fast for twenty- four hours. Then not a bit of food, not a drop of water or medicine, must pass her lips, not even if she were dying. She must never sit down or speak in the presence either of her mother-in law or of her sisters-in-law, unless they com mand her to do so. Her food must be cooked and eaten apart from the other women's. She is a disgraced, a degraded being. She may never look on at any of the marriage ceremonies or festivals. It would be an evil omen for her to do so. She may have been a high oaBte Brahminic woman, bnt on her becoming a widow, any, even the lowest servants, may order her to do what they do not like to do. No woman in the house mast ever speak one word of love or pity to her, for it is supposed that if a woman shows the slightest commise ration to a widow she will become one her self. If a widow becomes so ill that she can not go down to the room where they take their food, she may lie where she is and die. No woman dares assist her. If she has a son, he may do all he can for her. Not only does she never have a kind word said to her, but she is constantly reviled and reproached; for it is supposed she most have done something very wicked in a former state of existence that the gods have punished her thus by making her a widow. Thus, by inference ehe is accountable for her hnsband's death. It was to punish her that the gods took her bus band away. I saw an account a short time sgo in an English paper that they had been trying to take the censns of the population in India, and as far as they had gone they fonnd that there were " eighty thousand widows under six years of age!" Oan you imagine the amount of suffering that sentenoe tells of and foretells ? Some amongst the educated men of India are desirous to break the chains that still held the women in slavery. Others still desire to keep them down in abject submission. A native gentleman, a lawyer, only a short time ago pleaded in the English Court of Justices in Cal cutta for the ''abject dependence of women," qnoting the "Statutes of Uenu," one of the moat ancient of their holy books. He said, " Uenn tells us that in childhood a female mnst be dependent on her father; in youth on her husband; her lord being dead, on her sons." He bIso stated that for a female to aspire to the exercise of her free will wonld be something shocking to the feelings of the whole Hindu community. Uenu also writes," By a girl or a woman advanced in years nothing must be done, even in her own dwelling-place, according to her own pleasure." Uenn classes her with the stupid, tte dumb, the blind, and the deaf She may be corrected by her lord, to whom her mind, speech, and body are to be kept in sahjeo tion by means of a rope or a oane. This is the position of ber who Bhoold be his companion, bis helpmeet, and friend. So is it any wonder that the race has remained so degraded for ages? 