NEW SOUTH WALES. [From our own Correspondent.] Sydney, September 23. The house of George Cooper, in Cleveland- street, Redfern, was rendered a complete wreck by an explosion of dynamite which oocurred at half-past 9 o'clock on Saturday evening. The building was constructed of weatherboards, and consisted of three rooms. Cooper has been employed executing sewerage works at Black Wattle Swamp, and was in the habit of keeping dynamite, blasting powder and other goods re- quired in tunnelling, stored in his dwelling house. On Saturday evening he was rolling a keg of dynamite under the bed, where was also a keg containing blasting powder. It is further said that he was smoking a cigar at the time, but this is improbable. By some means the dynamite exploded, tearing down the front portion, of the house and palisading, and making a complete wreck. The concussion extinguished all the kerosine lamps in the vicinity, but did not wake a couple sleeping in an adjoining weatherboard cottage. Cooper was much burnt, and is in a critical condition. His son, who was sleeping in the next room, was burnt slightly. A large fire occurred, in George-street last night on the premises of Tillock, grocer, and Larkins, produce agent. The latter has been burnt out about three times. The damage in estimated at about £10,000, but the premises were well insured. The weather is very unsettled. The gale has abated. 7.30 p.m. The steamer Governor Blackall, from Brisbane, five days out, arrived this morning. She reports a terrific gale on Thursday and Friday, during which she rode under close-reefed canvas. On Friday night she experienced violent squalls and a tremendous sea, the barometer ranging from 29° to 30°. On Saturday she sighted a barque with the foremast and maintopmast gone, and distress signals flying, but was unable to render her any assistance owing to the heavy sea, and the short supply of coal in the bunkers. The steamer Ajax has been dispatched to-day from Newcastle to render assistance to the barque. The steamer Leichardt, bound north, was off Ballina, and reported her machinery broken down, and dis- abled. The schooner Jessie Spears went ashore during the gale on the North Spit, Camden Haven, and is likely to become a total wreck. The True Blue, schooner, went ashore at North Head Tweed River, and is full of water. The crew were saved. One of the smallpox patients on board the hospital ship Southcott is reported to be in an extremely critical condition ; the others are in a satisfactory state. The premises of Mr. John Pope, commission agent, Yorke-street, from which Mrs. Pope made her escape recently, have been released from quarantine. The Education Department has been shifted to the Colonial-Secretary's old office, which is supposed to be the oldest birthday in Sydney, and which has heen renovated and repaired. Tillock's stock of groceries consumed by last night's fire was insured for £10,500 in various offices. The serious charge against Dr. von Heekerel of using instruments with intent to procure miscarriage in the case of Eleanor Antill, was partly heard and again remanded, bail being refused. An extraordinary charge was preferred at the Police Court by Annie Nelson against her hus- band, whom she accused of attempting to murder her, presenting a loaded revolver at her head, and using threats that he would shoot her dead. The complainant, who is an attractive young woman, deposed that she had been only a fortnight married, that her husband com- pelled her to marry him against her will by presenting a revolver and threatening to shoot her unless she complied with his demand. She was afraid of her life owing to his vio- lence. The case was remanded after the defen- dant had been bound over to keep the peace towards a lad named Murray, whom he had also threatened to shoot. The result of several adjourned meetings of miners at Newcastle, who have long been dis- contented with the present hewing price of coal, is that the men will continue work as at present without a fresh agreement at 4s. 3d. as hewing rate, fourteen days' notice to terminate the contxact on either side. These being, the best terms procurable, were accepted. 11 p.m. George Cooper, therman who blew up his house with dynamite, is still in a critical condition at the infirmary. It is stated that whilst in the act of moving the explosive com- pound he was smoking a pipe, and probably dropped a spark which caused the explosion. During the recent voyage of the immigrant ship Nineveh a practical joke was perpetrated which has since led to unhappy consequences. One of the young female immigrants dressed herself in a white sheet, pretending to be a ghost, and at dead of night stalked among the sleep- ing girls, whom she aroused. In one instance the shock was so severe that the girl lost her reason and became hopelessly insane She was examined on the arrival of the ship by a medical man, on whose certificate she has been sent to the asylum. The matter will be inves- tigated by the Immigration Board. A strange discovery was made yesterday by a gentleman whilst visiting his wife's grave at Rookwood Cemetery. He found the open empty coffin, bearing marks of having been recently disinterred. The lid was gone, and the coffin had evidently been violently wrenched open, the screws being broken. The matter has been placed in the hands of the police. An extensive robbery was committed at the Garrick's Head Hotel, West Maitland. A sum of about £60 was abstracted from a drawer in the landlord's bedroom, besides a quantity of jewellery belonging to his wife. A largely attended meeting of American citi- zens, called by Consul Williams, was held this afternoon at the Chamber of Commerce, the Consul in the chair, at which resolutions were passed that a message of condolence and symp- pathy should be transmitted to the widow of the deceased President. Four Chinese gentlemen were baptized as Christians by Dr. Steele on Sunday at St. Stephen's Church. A banquet was given this evening to Michael Rush. 