?The" Late Earl Beaconsfield. ' (SEE ILLUSTBÀTION.)' .'. . THIS likeness of tho late Earl of Beaconsfield;,, as he-rappeared in early life, is taken from a cartoon, of i Madlise. -lb was inc uded in that inimitable series "'which, under the title of the f Portrait Gallery," constituted one ot tho most attractive features' of ÍFRAZEK'B MAGAZINE, some yèàfB; ago. , The droll description with which it was accompanied, we also give. It .was';' written by that brilliairit and erratic, and np\v almost, for- gotten Irish genius. Dr.. Magin. AB ? doubtless many of our readers will reoogniae; it ia a élever parody of the style of " Disraeli's "Wondrous Tale of Alroy':"-. ..?.?> ?...?:?.:....../.''>..'.> !' O 'reader dear ! do pray look here, and you1 . wiir'spy the curly hair, and forehead fair, and nOBe 'so, high, and gleaming eye, of Benjamin^ D'Is-ra-e-li, the wondrous boy who wrote "Alroy". . ia rhyme and prose, only to show how long ago % victorious Judah's lioh-bannor rose. In an earlier day he wrote " Vivian Grey"-a smart enough story, we must say, until ho took his hero abroad, and^'triihdled him over the German road j and taught him there not to drink boor, and swallow schnapps, and pull madschen's capa, and smoke . the cigar and the meersham true, in alehouse and lusthaus all Fatherland through, until all was blue; but talk secondhand that which, at the first waa'never many degreos from the worst-namely, German cant and high-Dutch sentimentality, maudlin metaphysics, and rubbishing reality. But those who would find how Vivian wined with the Marchioness of Puddledock, and other great grandees of the kind, and how he talked osthetic, . and waxed eloquent and pathetic, and kissed his Italian puppies of the greyhound breed, they have only to read-if the work be still alive "Vivian Grey," in volumes fivo. 1 As foi' bis tentative upon the EEPEMSENTATIVE, .whidh he and John Murray got up in a very great hurry, we .shall say nothing at all, either great or small ; and all tho wars that thence ensued, and the Moravian's deadly feud; nor much of that finebook, which is called tho " Young Duke," with his slippers of velvet blue, with clasps of snowy-white hue, made out of the pearl's mother, or some equally fine thing or other; and "Fleming" (Contarini), which will cost ye bub a guinea; and "Gallomania" (get through it, can you?) in »whioh he made war on (assisted by a whiskered baron-his name was Von Haber, whose Germani- ca! jabDor Master Bon, wiih ready pen, put into English smart and jirigliBh), King Louis Philippe and His court; and many other great works of the came sort-why, we leave , them to the reader to peruse ; that is to say, if he should choose. He latoly Btood for Wycombe, but there Colonel Grey did lick him, ho being parcel Tory and parcel Radical-which is what in general mad we call; and tho latest affair of his wo chanced to see,1 is "What is he?" a question which by this time, wo have somewhat answered in this our pedestrian rhyme. As for tho rest,-but writing rhymo ia, after all,.a pest; and therefore . We sha'l finish what we have to say, without any Alroyizing, in plain prose ; and, Uko Baalam (we mean tho prophot, nob that matorial which is ., BO prominent in all magazines), wo shall conclude i with a mossing an article which has begun in not perhaps a complimentary strain. Tho plain fact therl is, that Ben D'Israeli is a clever follow, who ¿is' written some striking books, in which wo think ho has shown great indications pf talent, but nothing more. Tho books provo that the author is a man of abilitios, though bhoy do not reach the mark at which ho ainiB. Benjamin's politics are rather preposterous ; but he is yountr and may improve. There is one thing good about him, viz., that he .can 'never 'be n.v Whig"; 'ana Sytile tb at can he said of any man, there is hope for him. ' Only, we beseech our friend not lo write, anymore bf that sounding fustian which infesta» the'wondrous'tale of "Alroy." If he wishes to1 Judaizo, why does he not at once write us Tales1 of the Talmud, or Gestes of tho Ge mara, or' Memorandums of the Mischna? A " liotnarice of Hag-fair," or a " Heroine of Houndsditeh',". would bo rather a novelty in these piping'times'. ' Scott, the novelographer of the Border tbioves, is departed-why should not ono of London breed attempt to occupy hie place? We cannot see any reason to the contrary. We have already expressed our favourable feelings towards Benjamin's father; and we must conclude this article by hoping that, in th'e end, ho will indeed be old Isaac's "son of his rieht hnnd," as his name imports in the original Hebraic. Ho oould not follow a moro honourable example in life or in letterB than tho pld.Ouriosity of Literature; and we tiust that as there is stuff,, and good stuff in Beni he will speedily , get rid of some ridiculous ideas that pursue him, and Bhow those who think well of his talents that he can do what they wish to see him attempting. ' We cannot moro appropriately introducb this graceful portraiture of the great novelist and statesman in his younger days,-waiting it might bo, for the announcement of the cab which was to convey him to one of tho brilliant reunions of Gore House,-than by a prose description of the glories of his dress and person, at that now distant time. " His ringlets of silken black hair," Bays our authority, who has, it may bo well to remark, a strong literary and political projudico against his subject, "his flashing eyes, his effeminate and lisping voice, hiB dress-coat of black velvet; lined with white satin ; his white kid gloves, with his wrist surrounded by a long hanging- fringe of black silk, and hiB ivory cano, of which tho handle inlaid 'with gold, was relieved by moro black silk, ia the shape of a tassel. Everyone laughed at him for being affected, but tho women declared that his was an affectation of tho best stylo, and they felt his personal vanity was a flattering homage to their most notorious weakness. Such was the perfumed boy- oxquisito who forced his way into tho salons of peeresses. Men held him in light esteem j but observant women, who, as a rule, aro more discerning judges of younj; men than themselves, prophesied that ho would live to be a groat man." To completo tho depiction, we may add tho portrait of another writer, who knew him about the same period, and rather regarded the mental promiso and qualities of tho youthful oxquisite :-" Many years, ago, upwards of twenty, I frequently met Mr. D'lBraeli at Lady Blessing ton's abode in Seamoro-jjlaco. It needed no ghost from tho grave, or rapping spirit from tho in- visible world, to predicate, even then, tho success of tho young D'Israeli in public life. Though in general socioty ho was usually silent and rosorved, ho was closely observant. It required generally a subject of moro than common interest to pro- duce tho fitting degree of enthusiasm to animate him and to stimulate him into tho exercise of his marvellous powei'B of conversation. When duly excited, howover, his command of language was truly wonderful, hi3 power of sarcasm unsur- passed, the readiness of his wit, the quickness of Ida perception, tho grasp of mind that enabled him to seize on all tho parts of any subject under discussion, persons would only call in question who had never been in his company at the period I wfer to.' 