THE REVISION OF THE NEW TESTAMENT. Tho second lecture by Mr. Edward E. Morris,on the literaryaapect of the reviaedver sion of the New Testament, was delivered on the 8th ¡net, at the Diocesan Registry. The Chief Justice, Sir William Stawell, occu- pied the chair, and there was a fair attend- ance. Mr. Morris aaid,-I little expected that the last lecture which I gave upon this sub- ject, and in thia place, would have excited a tithe of the interest that it did. When I had finished the preparation of it, I found a large remnant of my noteB excluded by that im- perative law of lecturers-" Thou muBt not greatly exceed the hour." Feeling that these superabundant notes were for the moat part equal in interest to the material that I had used, I have prepared thia second lecture in continuation of the former. But I am more diffident now than then, which diffidence I may perhaps illustrate by a little story from my own experience. I once lived six months in Berlin. When I went there 1 knew no German, and, indeed, I can remember that in the railway train I was learning how to count. Some fortnight after my arrival I waB invited to dinner, and sitting next to the daughter of the house, with native boldness I promptly engaged in conversation in German, and for two hours I Bpakeunto her in a new dialect of the German language, before I discovered tbat Bhe spoko English with fluency and purity-a fact which, in her infinite kindness, she had been good enough to veil. Often have I Bhuddered since at the thought of that conversation. When I had been 12 times aa long in the land, and knew 12 times aa much of tha language, I felt far more diffidence in embark- ing upon a conversation in it. Ia there no'. I truth in the adage, wisdom in the advice of the poet? " A little learning is a dangerous thing. D/Ink deep, or losto not tho Pierian spring." I have been drinking deeper, and feel tha more wonder at tbo hardihood of my trespass. I have but touched the fringe of the great sub- ject of bibical criticism. Even on this single side of its linguistics and philology I know that I have much to learn. But " docendo discis," by teaching you learn ; and in the pre- paration for these lectures I have learnt much. Ono moro word of preface. It shall be another reminiscence of Berlin. In the university there is an eminent professor, who, after the manner of his countrymen, in his classical lectures often launches out upon alien ground, and pnlla himself up with "Aber ich bin Philolog, kein Theo log." Philology, not theology, ia my sub- ject. To-day I am only concerned with tho former. I am the schoolmaster, not theparson. Ono of the new worda I mentioned in my last lecture waB apparition (Mark vi, 49), which I said that I could defend had not time failed iii«, I hftYO since read a criticism violently hostile to the revision (Dr. Leary, in the Gentleman's Magazine), in which thja word ia described na a " new puzzle for simple, un- educated people." " But when they saw him (our Lord) walking upon the sea, they supposed it had been a spirit, ana cried out; for they all eaw him, and were troubled." The word spirit baa been changed to apparition, I fancy for the reason that a spirit, at least according to ordinary belief, cannot be seen. Of the êatllêï ver- sions given in the Hexapla three have spi ri t as the A.V. has, the Rheims has ghost, Wyclif "fantum." In popular belief a ghost, though ghost means spirit, can be seen. The word apparition " baa plenty of early authority : it occurs five times in Shakspere, three times in Milton. Johnaon distinguishes between three UBes of the word-(1) appear- ance, (2) the thing appearing, and (3) a spectre, a walking spirit. Of the last the ghost in " Hamlet" is an instance (I,, 1) : " Horatio sa. 8 'tis but our phantasy, Touching this dreaded sieht twlco Been of us ; Therefore I have intreatod him, That If again this apparition come, Ho may approve our oyes, and spoak to it," Another illustration is of much later date, being from Locke's easay concerning Human Understanding. 1 quote it, however, for the same reaBon that Mr. Addison quoted a similar passage in his paper in the Spectator " On Ghosts and Apparitions," because of the excellent advice it contains. "Tender minda should not receive oarly impres- sions of goblins, spectres, and apparitions, wherewith maida fright them into compli- ance." When apeaking of the American aug geationa,! confined myself to theirgeneral pro- posals. I confess that with respect to many of their detailed alterations, I am at a loss to find why they set such store by them as to rcqueBt that their dissent be recorded. The following seems specially quaint. Purism ia hardly the word for it, Strange as it be to make the charge agavnBt Americans, it seoms like deficiency of humour. When after our Lord's resurrection, He manifested himself to the disciples on the lake of Tiberias, The verse (John xxi., 7) runs : " When Simon Poter heard that it was tho Lord, ho girt ids coat about him (for ho was naked), aud cast himself into the sea " The idea of thia condition on the part of St. Peter shocks the American sense of delicacy, and they wish to add in the margin tho ex- planation, "orhadonhisunder-garment only. ' If we consider the condition ot the world at the birth of our Lord, how all the civili-ied nations had been welded into one great Roman Empire, the very country in which Christ lived and suffered being a small province under a governor, but attached to the larger Roman province of Syria, it would be strange if there were not in the New Testament many expressions, connected with Roman government and administration. For somo of these the translators of the authorised and revised versions have retained the Bame words. "Magistrate," where the revisers add in margin " Gr. prtotor ;" and "Serjeant," where they add "Gr.lictor." The margin givea even to those ,who have made but Bmall progress in Latin studies, a new view of what occurred at Philippi, when the doors of the gaol were miraculously burst, and tho pnetore Bent their udora, saying, "Let those men go." And the gaoler reported the words to Paul-" The pnetors have sent to let you go: now therefore come forth and go ia peace." But Paul-freeborn Roman citizen as he waa-claimed hia privileges. " They have beaten ub publicly uncondemned-men that are Romans, and bave cast us into prison : and do they now caBt us out privily ? Nay. verily; but let them como themselves and bring us out." And the lictora reported these wordB to the prastora, and they fearod (0 shado of Brutus !) when they heard that the grisoners were Romans ; and they came and eaought them, and when tbey had brought them out, aBkea them to go away from the city. Again, "the chief captain of the baud" (Acts xxi. 31) romains as before, but with a marginal "or military tribune, Gr. cbiliarch;" that is, ruler over a thousand men, an equivalent, shall we aay, to the modern "colonel." "The band" reman alao (Acts x. 1), " the Italian band," and (xxvii. 1) " the Augustan baud," with a marginal "Gr. cohort." Augustan is better than the A.V. Augustus. These two were the namea of two regiments in the Roman army, The following ia an amusing; note from Eadio's English Bible, vol. ii., p. 307: "lt will bo scarcely credited, though it is quite true, that the term 'band' lu tho c1 tuso ' A centurion of tho band called tho Italian haul' (Acta.. 1) has been misunderstood not ahoy o tvv cnty years ago. An EngliBh pnachcr, belonging to a denomination that does not compass tbo education ol all Its ministers, took tbo clauso for his text when li: occupied a Pros by toi Ian pulpit, and announced that his discourse was dcilgncd to show the power of divine grace lu tho conversion of Cornelius. For, Orot, ho wa] a soldier, and military lifo Is not favourablo to piety; anti secondly, ho wa. leader of a baud or company of muelilans, enlarging eloquently ou the character of opera eingers, many of whom still como from Italy." The Latin word Prætorium, transliterated into Greek letters, comes some half dozen times in the Bible. For this word the A.V. put "hall of judgment," judgment-hall, common hall ; adding in margin (or governor's house), and once using the word Prætorium. The re- vised version has each time Palace, and in margin "Gr.Prietorium." The Americans wish to put the technical term into the text, and keep "palace "for explanation in tho margin. It seems a little inconsistent that, having kept "palnco" everywhere aa the transla- tion of Prrctoriu-., when tho revisera came to Phil, i., 13-"So that my worda in Christ are manifest in all the palace and in all other places," margin, " Cesar's court," aB it stood in tho AV., the revisers have put " throughout the whole Pnetorian guard." Yet though, this seems capricious, tho re visera are probably right. Professor Eadie in hia English Bible saja, "The Protorium " at Rome (and wo must remember that St, Paul was writing from Home to hia converts at Philippi) "waa not the royal residence, but the barrack of the Imperial life-guatd8. A portion of the building waa close upon the palace. Josephus distinguishes carefully the one building Irom the other." The revisers have expunged from the text, as resting upon insufficient manuscript authority, halt n verse in the last chapter of the Acts, which would have introduced tho same famous regiment. It standa in the margin, " Some ancient authorities insert -The centurion delivered the prisoners to the captain of the Protorian guard." The history of this regiment you may find recorded in the fifth chapter oí Gibbon, from whom I take the following account : "They dcrlvd their Institution from Augustas. That crafty tyrant, scnslblo that laws might colour, but that arms alono could maintain, hil usurped dominion, bad gradually formed this ptrnerlul body ot guardB, in constant readiness to protect lila person, to awe the ncnatc, and either to prevent or to crush tho first motions ol rebellion IIo distinguished theso favoured troops by a double pay and superior prlyilegcs, bat as their lormldnblo aspect yvou d at onco liavo alarmed and Irritated tho Horn n peoplo, three cohort- only wcro stationed In tho capital, yyhllst tho remainder yyas dis pcrscd ia tlio adjacent towna of Italy Rat, alter 60 years of pcaco and scrvltudo, Tiberius ventured on a dcclsUc measure, yvliich loroyer riyoted tho fetters of his country Under the lair pretences ol relieving Italy Irom Ino heavy burden ot military quarters and of introducing s stricter discipline amont! the guards, he Bsscmhlcd them at Itomo in a permanent camp, which yyas fortified with skilful caro, and placed on a commanding situation It was not 30 years later than this per- manent enrolment of the Prxtormns that St Paul carne to Home, and that the Jça,vt>n of Christianity b-gim to spread "tse1* tilroí^ the Imperial Guards, the flower of the Roman army. In three placea in the Acta of the Apostles-xm. 7, xvm 12, xix. 88-the revisers have got rid of the extraordinarily weak word "deputy," and substituted the Latin title proconsul - " The deputy of the country {Cyprus), Sergius PauluB '--tin 7 , " When Galho waa the deputj of Achaia -xvin 12, " If Demetrius and the craftsmen which are with him have a matter agamet any man, the law is open, and there are deputies, let thom implead one another' -xix , 38 The truth ia that deputy ib only a tranalation of half the Greek word. it ia as if one should use " vice for viceroy. I have, indeed, known university studentB (a claaa much given to along) use the word vice for vice chan- cellor and pro for proproctor. 'A-Owrarai means inBtead of the C-aros, and thia word, which ori- inally meant highest, is used by the Greek writers of Boman history for the Latin titlo cpnsul A pro consul wob not of necessity a pott consul In the early times of the empira there were tivo classes of provinces-senatorial and imperial At the head of each of the former waa a pro consul Cyprus, Achaia, and Asia, of which Ephesua was capital, were senatorial. At the head of the Imperial provinces was a "go\eruor" lins is the name used for Pontius Pilate, for Telix, and for Testua The Latin for thia ia procurator, the Greek iiyi/iwv, ia as vague aa the English The pro- consul waa only a civil servant, ho had no power of life and death, bia term of office wob a j ear. The governor was appointed for an indefinito period at the will of the Emperor, and had all the trappings of authority, such as military dress and lictors to attend him VTe may ascend from the deputies to him whose deputies they were Ihe word "Emperor' occurs for the first time in the Bible-Acts xxv 21 "But wh«n Paul," said Teatua to Agrippa, " had app.aled to be kept for the decision of the J_mperor, I commanded him to be kept till I should send him to Cowar " It ran in AY, " unto tho hearing of Augustus," as if Augustus were used as a proper name, wheroas it is here a title " The Augustus," which is the literal translation, nould jar on Entlieh ears But the proper name had passed into a title, just aa the proper namo Cwsar has in the German word Kaiser "Emperor ' has cometo ubthroughtheFiench from the Latin "lmperato'," " Corntnanuôr in chief " As it waa through the possession of military force that the Emperors gained their power, there is a fitness that this military title Bhould have remained the one by which they ara beBt known Had one of the twelve Csesara bçep RbUcí by which, title he would be known to posterity. I fancy ho would have said "princeps I may be fiardoncd if I shrink from attempting in a few mes to sketch the history even of the name Lmpcror, or of the ideas that it bringa with it from the days of Augustus through those of Charles the Great and of 1 redenclc Barba rossa, to those of the first or third Napoleon, of Prince Bismarck and of Lord Beaconsfield In theBe lectures I follow philology only, and aal have aioided the whirlpool of theology on the tight hand, so neither on the left will I offend against the rock oven imperial politics "Publican' is unchanged, though,as I said loBt time, at its first occurrence explained in the margin, " collectors or renters of Roman taxes One reviser, I remember, aome seven j ears ago making a public speech, and detail- ing the difficulties that had been felt about thia word and about penny. "Tax farmer ' was the favourite word then, but it was given up, because it waa felt that the bucolic mind of England would never endure anything ao odioua aa "tax ' being joined to so beloved a name as "farmer" But, again, the publican was not a tax farmer, rather ina aubordinate A company of eqmtea would buy in the lump the taxes of a province, and the publicans collected for them. In Acts xix , the Ephesaa Btory, the A V runs, " certain of the chief of Asia " The It.V runs, "certain of the chief officers of Asia " Marcin, " Gr Aaiarcha ' The American committee would put Asiarch into text, with margin, " officers having charge of festivals in tho Roman province of Asia ' Ibis province it ia important to remember is not ABia Minor, but a part carved out of Asia Minor, being in proportion to thereat, both m position and in ai_e, like Portugal to Spam ' I heard a voice Bay, a measure of wheat for a penny, and three measures of barley for a penny Perhaps aome of jou would not re- cognise that verse as from the Bible It ia from the vision of St John the Divine (Rev. vi G) Before we go further, ask yourselves the question, What does it mean7 My first impression waB that it implied great abund- ante, that whatever the measure might be, three for a penny meant very cheap My attention waa arrested by the American note "implying great scarcity" A second and more careful reading of the passage Bhows that the Amanearía must be right But that cannot be an adequate translation which conveya exactly the opposite meaning to what is intended In truth, 'denarius'isa very hard word to translate The Americana would have it shilling-let ua be thankful that they spared ua "dollar '-and for aaaupiav, our farthing, they would put penny. They would leave the word untrans- lated denarius at the place where Christ Bttj a " Bring me a penny, whose image and superscription ia thia ? ' Amongat the revisers the question waa fully considered. Several years ago, there came forth aa echo that the word waa to be "denary,' a form used by an old writer, but some wit remarked, in the presence of many deans who were revisers, that a deanery a day wbb very good pay for the labourera m the vineyard Ultimatelyi in deapair, the problem woa given up, and the old " penny ' retained Hie translation I would auggest ia " silver penny ' The word comc3 aome 20 or more ti mes in the Bible, but often the valuedoea not affect the sense as in the tivo parables of the debtor.who waa forgiven 10 000 talents, and yet would not forgive bia brother alave 100 pence, or the debtor who was for lu en SOO pence but would not forgive 50 The 200 pennyworth of bread , the ointment, exceeding precious, that might have been sold for 300 pence, the wages ._ the labourers m the vineyard, the earns given to the last aa to the first, the tivo pence taken out by the good ¿amantan and given to the landlord of the inn, all these suggest to the inquirer highly in- teresting questions on the history of pricoB In the margin of the neiv translation, at the first mention of peuny (Matt xvin 28) the explanation is given, " a coin worth about eightpence halfpenny. ' I confess I object to " worth." "Tliovaluo ota thing Is what it will brl-g "Worth' aeemB to mean purchasing power. Now, purchasing power, aa all economists will tell, is perpetually changing It is many years since in England the sum of 17 pence would have purchased comforts of the inn for any time for that unfortunate man who, having fallen among tluevea, was reacued by the good Samaritan 'Ihe eightpence half- penny ib reached thus It is calculated that the denanuB contained 50 grains of pure Biher, a modern shilling contains 80 So the value of the denarius is S8 80tha, or a little more than Sid The name "denanua ia dented from the fact that the com was originally equal to 10 asBea The states that ro»e from the ruins of the Roman Lmpire imitated the Roman coinage Hie Trench still use the yrord 'denier, aa in the etpreesion " le denier do St Pierre ' -Peter a pence W ith us the Bole remaining trace ia the final letter in our very familiir ¿ad I baie now done with tho words that aro con nected with the rule of Rome My next claaa are changea made where there ib a difference in the thing represented 'Ihe translators of the authorised version make rather a boast that they havo not been uniform in translating the same Greek by the aame Lnthah word 'lake the word ivhich sometimes they tian3lated "cindle and Bometimea "lamp, once or twice far below its full force, " light The translators koot the word "lamp in that passage in Revelation (tv >), which baa gt\en its name to Mr Ruskin s great book, " 'Ihe Seven Lamps of Architecture " There were seven lampa of fite burning before the throne, which are the seien spirits of God ' But elsewhere in the A V the wotd is translated " caudle, and once, from fear of the ridiculoua, "light Now a candle is quite a difUrent thing from a lamp, and these were lamps and not candlea To my ear there ib a very diatinct accession of dignity in the new translation of theae versea m Revelation xvin 23, "And the light of a lamp Bhall ehine no more at all in thee xxu 5, "And there Bhall bo ni¿ht no more, and they n»ed no light of lamp, neither light of sun, for the Lord God Bhall | give them light Try again thia passage from the eleventh chapter of St Luke, and Bee whether it has not a wholly new force and beauty - ".io man when ho bath lighted a lampputteth it in i cellar, neither under tho bushel but on the »Und, that tboy which enter i i moy seo tho lle,ht Tho lamp of thy body is tbloo ejo [Imagino for a moment tho ' candie of thy body ) When thine oyo Is single, thy whole body also is full of light, but v. hen it is evil thy body n!*o Is full of darkness Look, therefore, whether tbo light that is in thoo bo not darkness If, tbeiefore thy wholo body bo full of 1 L,ht, having no part dark It shall bo wholly full of light as when tho lamp, with ita brifcht shining, doth _,Ive theo ll,,ht But it ib curious that though to English ears "lamp' Bounda better than "candle,' yet "candlestick ia better than "lampatand" The latter is unfamiliar, whilst the former baa a famous connotation. Herein I can hardly too highly praise the tact with which the revisers nave mado a bold variation. ?\\\ hen the two come together, they apeak of the Jump and the atand, but when the word comea alone",. '! """""estick, We have it by itself only when there ia eithâï arnot ra terence or indirect allusion to the famoua seven branched candlestick, made ac- cording to the pattern Bbown .0 Moses m the mount There ia direct reference in Heb ix , indirect allusion m the seven golden candlesticks of the Revelation, in the midst of which waB "one like unto a Bon of man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, and girt about at the breasts with a golden girdle. And his head and his hair were white as white wool, whito as Bnow, and his eyes were as a flame of fire, and his feet like unto burnished brasa, as if it bad been refined in a furnace, and his voice as the voice of many waters " "The seven candlesticks are tbo seven churches" of Asia, and to the angela of the Boven churcbes the voice as of many waters uttered to «ach bia message The description of this famous candlestick, made after auch a pattern-one of the most remarkable amongst the Bacred mBignia of the Jewish poople-is to be found m the book of Exodus, chapter xxv. This candlestick, the ornament of Solomon's temple, was taken to Babylon, But there was one also in the later temple one whioh was captured by Titus, and carried m triumph to and through Rome, " ostenta- tiously displayed," says Gibbon Some of us have seen it depicted upon the Arch of Titus in that city of memories, as it is borne by sorrowful and captive though laurel crowned Jews What was its later fate ' According to one story, it lies deep covered with the elimo of the yellow Tiber, having fallen from a bridge m one of those interminable fights between claimants to the Empire. Gibbon holds that it waa tranaferred by one con- queror from Rome to Carthage, recovered, apparently, by Beliaanus, carried amid " the holy vessels of the Jewish temple ' from Carthage to Byzantium, and then, after "long peregrinations, respectfully de Sosited in the Christian church of Jerusalem ' esidcs the words \vxvo* and Auto/« there occurs in three places the word A«.«ruv, properly a torch, though with that atranco change which oftentimes affecta worda Xa/i7ras has given the modern "lamp " Acts xx. 8 When a ceitain young man named EutychuB fell into a deep sleep in a certain upper chamber at Troaa because St Paul continued his preaching until after midnight, both the A,y, ^nd the. P.V, say that there Vere Mali y lights In tue upper cuamoer Here, I am sorry the revisers did not put " torches " It makes the picture more vivid, and, doubtless, the smoke from the torches helped to increase the drowsiness of the un- fortunate young man In Rev, vin 10, the «users, bave changed to torch-"And the third angel sounded, and there fell from heaven a great star burning as a torch, and it fell npon the third part of tbe rivera " The other place is in the Parable of the Ten Virgins in the 25th chapter of St Matthew. Hero it was im possiblo to alter the familiar " lamp " Trench seems divided in opinion whether they were lamps (the Greek word beginning to change its meaning) or oil fed torches of an Eastern typo He quotes Elphinstone, the historian of India "The true Hindu way of lighting up is by torches held by men, who feed the flame with oil from a aort of bottle made for the purpose " Amongst GreekB and Romana the bridegrooma would most decidedly bave been greeted by torches In the treatment of the Greek word Aaynrua-r, with three different translations, the revisers have Bhown a great laxity in the application of their own rule about consiatency " No man putteth new wine into old bottlea " Whynot? As bottles are constituted now, it ia done daily. It is fruitless to say that everyone knows that these bottlea were Bkina, leathern bottlea, and containing no glass in their make, and that new wine fermenting would burst the skins I answer that many plain readers of their Bible do not know it I bare used the expression " everyone knows," and not Lord Macaulay's favourite phrase, "every schoolboy knows," because, having a large experience of achool boya, I hare oiten found them ignorant of the meaning of thia very passage Ridiculous aa are the answers that boys will give m exami nations, it ia unfortunate that the moat incongruous are always connected with ¡scripture You would hardly believe the answers that have been given to this very question-why Bhould not new wine be put into old bottles' Because the glass would cut your hand Because a man comes round to collect old bottles Be ciuse old bottlea are worth twopence apiece Besides the liability to mistake, Iventure to think that the word "bottle has m itself a common and unpleasant sound, perhaps the result of reflection on the mischief that the contents of bottles have done Leathern bottles are no-v completely out of date, but at the time when tbo A.V waa made they were still uBed, and the paeaage could not bave Buffered from ita present incongruity The bottles that held ralataffs sack were probably of glaaa, though in " Othello Shak Bpeare Bpeaks of a twiggen bottle Tbe com- mentators say, " made of twigB '-a very frail receptacle, and for any valuable liquor hardly safe Could it not mean " protected with twigs," like a flask with wickerwork ' But the following paasoge is a true parallel - Shakspere, 3rd part Henry VI il s " The shepherd s homely curds, His cold thin drink out ol his leathern bottle, His wonted sleep under a fresh tree _ shade All which secure and sweetly ho enjoys, Is far beyond a prince's délicates " After "bottle'comes "cellar ' "Cellar op pears for the first time in the New Testament (Luke xi 33) It UBed to be "m a secret place " The word was Kpinr- roi/, but the M S authority is better for «noim.» This word you will see at once is our " crypt," and some comr entators in this passage wished to translate it "vault" Shakapeare not only haB tbe derived word "cellarage'-Hamlet i 5, "This fellow in the cellarage" (the ghost underground)-but m " The Tempest," n 2, be has, "My cellar is m a rock by the seaside, where ray wine is hid " Probably few of you know that " wine cellars ' occurs m the Old Testament It is in the not very frequently read lat Book of ChromcleB, xxvn 27-" Over the increase of the vineyards for the wine collara waa Zabdi,' " and over the cellars of oil waa Joaah " Whilst considering this word may I remark that our common salt cellar ia a curious mistake It cornea from the French salière, the salt vesBcl, and Bait cellar is as ono should reduplicate thus, the Bait salter it has an almost aboriginal Bound We have not yet quite done with wine The alteration of "wine fat' into "winepress (Mark xu 1) looks at first as if it were the re- moval of an archaism, but it is more Wine- press occurs in the A V in other places (Matt s-xi 33, Rev xiv 19 20 ) " Tat ib of course the samo word aa " vat,' and means a vessel 3hu» may be the vessel in which the fermentation goes on But the Greek word implies, as in passages in Theo cntus, the veaBel in which the grapes were pressed There is a Blight difference in the Greek words used by St Matthew and St Mark in recounting this Burne parable of tho vineyard, but the diilerence of words did not imply a difference in the thing intended A "writing table has Buch a very definite meaning m the present dill that it reads almost comically in the A V that /acharna m bia dumbness " asked for a writing table (Luke, i Gi) and wrote Bay mr. His name ia John '1 ho revisers are surely wise to put 'writing tablet \et table ia uaed in tho een°e of a surface written upon, as m the "two tablea of the Mosaic decalopue, and tho laws of the xn tablea the earliest codo of Roman law The expression is rightly preserved in Hebrews ix 1, ' the tablea of the covenant, and in thia verso in 2 Corinthians ni 3-" Ye are our epistle, written m our hearts, known and road of all men being mado mannest that je aro an epiatle of Chnat, ministered by us. written not with ink, but with tho spirit of the living God, not in tables of stone, but m tables that aro hearts of flesh ' Is not this an improvement on " lleshy tables of the heart Shakspcro has a very similar use " Therefore will lie wipo his tables clean Al d keep no tell tulo to his memory -2 lion IV, iv 1 Mirror, inBtead of glaSB, ia a chango that maltes three passages m tho New Testament much clearer Of course the word glass ia still often used for mirror But glas8 has many meanioga, and is ara biguotts Mirror reflects the meaning quite clearly Moreover, perhaps it ia a detail, but the mirrors were not made of glass, but poliBhed metal In one f amouB passage in the A V -1 Corinthians xm --an unfortunate miBtaka in the translation of a preposition has increased the amb'guity-"Now wo aee through a glasa, darkly." It may well be doubted whether the ordinary reader re- ceives a true picture from this, which utanda inore correctly in the Revised Veraion. " Notv w e aee in a mirror, darkly " Then again in the 2nd letter to the Corinthians, ia not this now version far clearer'(m l8)-" Wo all, with unveiled face reflecting as a mirror the glory of tho Lord, are transformed into the samo image from glory to glory as from the Lord the Spirit. It Btood before " with open face, beholduigaain a glass, which translation tuve no force to, no reason for, the being transformed The 3rd passage ia in the epistle of St James (i 23), "beholding his natural face aa m a mirror ' Mirror ia new to the Bible, but there ia abundance of authority font It appears a dozen timea in Shakspere, who uaea glass, however, for looking glass still more often Spenser also uses mirror But better Btill, it IB the word used by Wyclif St Paul, writing to Timothy (1 Tim v 4), gives him thia advice-" If any widow have children or nephews, let them learn first to show piety at home, and to requite their parents " (A V} Let them )»_cri, *__t is, the children. The w_t_ piety ib an ordinary translation of the Greek word, but the history of that very word give it a special fitness for this passage beyond any other synonym that might have taken its place, kindneaa aa in the margin of the A V, goodness, reverence, or the like The Latin adjective "pius" denotes a proper feeling ol natural affection towards the proper objects, in circles ever extending, first towards patenta, Becondly toworda country, thirdly towards the gods Pius -Eneas, with whom Virgil makes ub so familiar, earned his epithet by carrying his aged father on his shoulders out of the ruinB of burning Troy. Now we generally use the word piety to denote a proper feeling towards God, but the other senso ia not un- known to English literature. Swift, for instance, speaks of Pope, whose "Filial piety excels Whatovcr Grecian story tolls " Its use in thia place showed a fine tact in the translators of King Jamea's time. Its pre- servation by the révisera shows that the samo i act has not been lost But the uae of one Lotiniam led to another, the retention of which would have been a mistake DoeB it not seem a little Btrange that nephews aro legarded as having a claim on the widows' The Greek word is literally "descendants,' and the reviacrs have put "grandchildren,1 but at the time the A V was made nephews meant grandchildren, though it moat as Buredly had aa well ita other and present meeting Johnson Bays nephow for grand eon is " out of use, ' but quotes the fol- lowing passage from Hooker's Ecclesiastical Polity , " With what infant thoy woro first published Ihoso yvords of tho nophotv of Jesus (of course no ono would confuso this Rabbi with our blessed Lord) do plainly signify, after that my grandfather Jesus had given himeolf to tho reading of tho law and tho prophets and other books of our fathors, and had gotton tboreln suflkhmt Judgement, ho proposed also to «rito something pertaining to learning and yylsdom' Now, the judicious Hooker died only 13 years before the publication of the A. V. That the old sense lasted on, though probably a pe- dantic use, we have proof from Dryden, whoni_ also Jobneoa, _ quotes (translation irom Ovia-oeyz and Alcyon.}-» " lier siro at length is kind, FrcparoB his cmniro tor his daughter s casi, And tor his hatching nephowa B-oothoa tho sou " Shakspere uses nephew over 85 times, but alwayB in the modern sense, with one single exception, in " Othello " Bacon, m his essay "On Parents and Children," sayB "The Italians moke little difference between chil- dren and nephews, or near kinafolk." Now, " nephew" is certainly from Latin nepos, and the Trench neveux, in the plural, means descendants But the change of meaning is a strange freak of language to be'eompared with that which has made a mere termina tion into the correlative relationship-avus, a grandfather, whose son was looked on as little grandfather, avunculus, and then the real root being robbed away, uncle is derived from the termination only. The English word nepotism is said to have arisen from the affection that the PopeB displayed to their so called nephews It is quite as likely that it ib made from the Latin mean ing, and means " partiality to descendants ' "MoBeB wob a proper child" (Heb xi 23) has been altered into a "goodly " child. The Trench "propre" has the meaning "neat,' "tidy ' Shnkapero haa (" Much Ado About Nothing," v. 1), "At laBt she concluded with a eigh, thou wast the properest man in Italy " And agam in " Richard III," I. in , "She finds, although I cannot, Myself to bo a maryollous proper man 111 bo at charges for a looking (.lass " But the curioua thing ia that the same Greek epithet (-.retos) is used with reapect to the same child Mosea in tho Acta of the Apoatlea (t u 20) m St Stephen's speech, and both in the A V and the R.V it there stands "ex cecding fair " Though it is the same epithet in the passage in the Acts, it has a curious ad- dition,which isyvell expressed bywhat stands in the margmA.V audit V. "Tair nnto God ' 1 Corinthians x 21-"Let no man Beek hia own, but every man another a wealth " I have often wondered how that veree sounds to the ear of a man who is not acquainted with earlier English There is a senee m which I hope that auch a man does not in- terpret the passage Many people are far too much addicted to seeking another's wealth, and they BometimeB are brought before the law courts in consequence Of course wealth is the same as " weal ' The reviBets have substituted the word " good, ' In the Greek it is an ellipse. We churchmen are ac- customed to the term mthehtany "mall times of our wealth,' i e , well being, which of course maj be well being quite unconnected with riches In one place in the A. V (1 Cor xvi, 22) occurthewords "AnathemaMaranatha." Ire member a man once calling upon me for what I will term BBubacnption, but it waa a subscrip- tion to himself, and I found afterwards that he had written on my gates these two words, one Greek, and the other, which is really two, "Moran Atha," Aramaic, "Our Lord cometh ' It was only when the knowledge of the original meaning waa lost that the words came to be used together as a kind of formula ofimprecation There is really a break in aenae, and there should bo a full stop between them "Anathema' occurs much of tener now -Rom ix 8,1 Cor. xn 3, Gal i 8 and 0 It it is curious to note that the first of these paesageB ib quoted by Bacon, and that he uses the phraseology of the revised, and not of the authorised version, which was pub liehed m the year previoua to the essay The truth of the matter is that be is quoting from the Rheima, an earlier edition of the well knawnDouayveraionaud full of technicalities It ib at the end of the essay on "Goodness, and Goodness of Nature " " Above all, if a man have St Paul's perfection, that he would wish to be an anathema from Christ for the salvation of his brethren, it shows much of a divine nature, and a kind of conformity to Christ Himself " I will now comment on one passage ivhich required considerable amendment 1 Tim vi 310 Here ' disputes of wotds '-literally word fights-used to be "Btrifes of words,' bat one line farther on a different word was translated strife " Wranghngs UBed to stand "perverse disputmga The word " wrangling" isnotal together new to the Bible, as it stands in the margin of the A V. James ni 17 " The wiBdom that is from above'ia without partiality (margin, wrangling) Next we notice in tho A V an extraordinary miBtake How could any one suppose "that gain ib godlineas ' Such a transía tion, beaidea being nonaenee, violates one of the commonest and beat known rules of Greek grammar " I ood and covering ' for " food and raiment,1 aeems like a trifling change -et" covering manifestly includes more than clothing vi/ , shelter " They that will be rich, is ambiguous It looks liko a simple future, whereas it is tho expression of strong desire ' 'Ibe love of money ia the root of all evil -A V Hero are two miatakeB the root, an insertion of an article not in the Greek , Becondly, the word for eui is in the plural 1 nken together, it forma auch an ex BRgerated atatement that people reject it aa wild The love of money is not the root of all evil There aro many other roots, many other pasaionB, that bring barm, destruction to a soul besides covetouancss But it ia a root of all kinds of evil, that ib to say, all vices may spring from the love of money. I should like also to notice two other passages one in which I consider the A V nonsense, and the other m which there ia an exiggeri tion of the kind that harms In Phil ii G, St Paul is exhorting to humbleness of miud by the example of Our Lord - "Let Ulis mind boin you which yyas also in Chrnt JeEus, yyho being In tho form of God, thought it not robbery to be cjual willi God but majo himself of no reputation, and took upon him tho form of a ser vaut and v. as mado lu the likeness of mon and bains: found In fashion asa man, ho humbled himself and became obedient unto dcitb, ey cn tho death of tho croea Now, if the English of the passage about "robbery' has any meaning, it is that ChriBt claimed nn equality with God the Tather, and did not think He was wrong in bo doing Now the paBsngo means the «xact opposite, the whole Beute turninc on the Greek word translated "robbery,' vi/-, «,~ay/.i-ç The root of thia menus ' si atch," and m tina passage the full force is "something to be grasped or eratched at I used to wonder hov? the révisera would clothe thia elegantly, and I am more than satisfied with their rendering, ' M ho, being in the form of God, counted it not a prize to be on an equality with God, but emptied itself, taking the form of a servant The excellent virtue of prudence, the very bond of peace and good order in the body politic, hOB had unnecessary difficulty coat in its way by the former transition of a verso m the Sermon on the Mount "Take no thought for the morrow." The revisers have given the right force of the Greek verb in Be not anxious for the morrow, for the morrow will be anxious for itself. Suffi- cient unto the day ia the evil thereof." I ventured laBt time upon a tentative list of wordB that the revisers have introduced into the English New Testament for the firat time. It ia a far harder task to make a list of the words that they have banished. " Charity " ia known to be one, and on charity I li ave something more to say. Tho controversy is ancient, full and interesting. But what say you to tho loss of "infidel," " heresy," "sacrilego," " lewdness," and "robbers of churches"? I can only Bay-as Dr. Parr is reported to have replied when asked what he thought of the existence of evil-we can do very well without thom, and only regret that with the names the things also have not disappeared, It ia too soon yet to say what will De the verdict of Enghsh-Bpeaking Chriatian people Upon the Revise YcrniCi: froha'uiy after it boB been in existence another ten years the great mass of criticism, that will have been excited by it, will furnish ample material for, and produce an authoritative revision of the revised version itself, and then possibly the lawyers may be abîe to discover a proper way for making an authorised version. But the good that has been done already, in less than three months, ia very great Think of the in- crease in the study of the Book of Booka that ia indicated by a sale, within two montbB, calculated already to exceed bíx millions. If it be true that any people existed who hold that the English translation waa itaelf in- spired, the study of the changes will do them good, "The letter killetb, but the spirit giveth life." Granted that the ideal English New Testament be not yet reached, we aro immeasurably nearer to that ideal, and it is difficult to estimate too highly the value of the light which, to the ordinary man, has been cast upon the pages of his Bible. It is something to make us proud of our cburch. tbat it waa the Church of England which began thia great work, proud that ahe waa fearless of truth, ready to welcome all the light which knowledge could throw upon the word of God, and liberal enough to ask assistance of and co-operate with sister churches. In the kingdom of Kent landed the little bond of missionaries, with Augus- tine at their head, that made our Saxon England Christian. Fitly, therefore, from the province of Canterbury, in convocation assembled, baa tbis new reformation gone forth. All honour to thoao who conceived, who urged, who carried it out. Perhaps 1 may be allowed to single out tbe name of one of the chief moverá in the work, a constant instigator to it from his place in convocation, a hearty co-worker in the actual labour of revision, God's finger has touched him, and he sleeps-Bleeps in his own loved Abbey of Westminster. I can recall a sermon that I heard Dean Stanley preach on the occa- sion of a similar change, when the old table of lessons, with all ita associations, its links that bind us to tbe Chriatian Year, waB Buperaeded by the revieed table of lessons. He who loved to write historical memorials of Canterbury or Westminster, and whose enthusiasm waxed ever in speaking of the past, surely knew Bçtuething of the charma that use and wont, and the cnalu of associa- tion give. Yet he, with his poetic soul, his historical mind, faced change, as he faced opposition and obloquy, fearloBsly. I .¿mem- ber how ho aaid.that ohi__o'a wíib a dead church which «.i.eà not make a change,when its -óliscience knew that the change was right and needful. A church that will not reform is doomed. Then, aa oftentimes in my Oxford days, I heard him quote the text that I bave quoted, " Tbe letter killetb, but tbe spirit giveth life." In setting forth this lesson he has done much for our genera- tion. He felt it to be a time of transition, and therein' tried to be a healer of dis- putes, a blessed peacemaker between the past and the future. Not that he had no principles of his own, or held them loosely. Often might he be found in the front of the fray, a David slinging at the Goliath of false- hood and wrong, at " tho stagnant masa of heavy mediocrity"-worda I remember from his farewell sermon at Oxford. But he de- lighted in preserving the bond of charity amidst all differences, as in bringing together under bia hospitable roof men of the most diverse opinions. When at Oxford I heard a judgment passed upon him by one who knew him well, Dr. Pusey, perhaps the greatest of our living divines. Oxford gossip sent it on from mouth to mouth. There ia no unkind neas in it. "Stanley baa tbe faculty of a poet, which sees resemblances, not the faculty of a philosopher, which sees distinctions." And now he has passed to where, beyond these voices, there is peace. But, believe me, his work will not pass. Even though none be found to take his place, more studious to unite than to divide, bia books will live. There are many of ub, and I for one, to whom he gave new interests in the Book of Booka, m which he made so many fear- less but reverent studies. He will live, too, as the biographer of Arnold. I am my- self, like Stanley, a Rugby man, though of a later day ; and it is with a feeling of pride thal I reflect on what Arnold did, and on what that excellent biography made known, carrying it far and wide. A humblo follower of Arnold-we may follow even at a great distance, all conscious as I am how far I nave fallen short of tbe ideal-I know the service which that biography has done to Bchools and schoolmasters. In my Oxford days it was my good fortune to attend Dean Stan- ley's lectures and never to misa his sermons. A few mouths before I left England it was my good fortune to be near him, when he delivered hia eloquent discourse at Bedford on the unveiling of the statue of John Bunyan. These aro now hallowed memories. Know 3 ou that in these distant regions bia two brothers, his only brothers, lie buried 1 The younger liea in the quiet graveyard at Hobart. The elder, tho gallant young com- mander of the Rattlesnake, the f/itov liruw/wt of the Owen Stanley mountains in New Guinea, is buried on the North Shore of the beautiful Sydney Harbour, near the grave of the heroic Goodenough. Forgive me, friends, in that I have digressed from my subject. I could not forbear to lay my laurel wreath upon the tomb of Arthur Penrhyn Stanley. _ 