SPORTING NOTES. There was a very poor attendance of spectators at the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting on Saturday last, but this was attributable to the rather threatening aspect of the weather, as about 12 o'clock it certainly appeared as if we should have a welcome and much-reeded visitation from Jupiter Piuvius, but unfortunately for the squatting and farming interests (the much-needed rain did not fall during the afternoon. Backers of horses " pounced " upon Bhesus as being a real good thing for the Hurdle Bace, but the I hoise was big and above himself, and was never really dangerous at any period of the journey. The winner turned up in Black Prince, who, it will be remembered, ran a dead heat witn old Nimrod at Kensington Park on the previous Saturday, and this fact not having been lost sight of by some backers, the victory of the son of Prince William was not such a " skinner " for the books after all as it was at first thought to be. A useful horse called Don Pedro, in B. Bowe's stable, made most of the running, and ran into second place, and when he has had a little more experience at the illegitimate game he will be a very hard horse to beat over the sticks. Bobbie Burns was at first regarded as a moral for the Corinthian Flat Bace, but the Tasmanian-bredthorse Pirate (lateBichmond), by Horatio from Midnight, received such steady support that he went out an immense favourite. The clever party behind him made no mistake in the matter, as he fairly squandered his field in the fast time, consider ing the weight he carried, of lpjin. 19<sec., and we quite expect that hi3 new owner (Mr Inglis) will soon be reimbursed the £350 he gava for him immediately after the race. Pirate's Tasmanian performances are below par, and as fcswivelier gave him 651b and a beating in the Weld Stakes on the 18th February, 1880, it is evident after Saturday's performance that he must have wonderfully improved since the day Mr. Lloyd's horse beat hnn. A regular " bungle " was made in the Hunt Club Steeplechase, as the three first horses, MUMUAAIP am UAMMM M» J XL _ 1 . 1. IvlUlUUUlk) tJJ ftUU UmAvU) lUtOPOU ilUvl&Ov; fence, and the stewards had no other recourse tnan to declare the race null and void. This was rather unfortunate for the backers of Nimbook who, by the way, must be over twenty years of age — as even had they taken the last fence, the old horse 'must hare beaten Syphon, who was fairly run to a standstill. In the second race Young Deceiver, who went " straight " upon that occasion, upset the pot that was made of Nimbook, much to the chagrin of his backers, as a large number of them thought they had virtually the money in their pockets. A great deal of discussion has since taken place upon the question whether the committee of the Victorian Club acted rightly in deciding that all bets made upon the first event should stand upon the second, but that backers should have a run for thai> money. This latter clause did not meet with the approbation of the bookmakers, as they argued that all the horses but Nimbook might have been scratched, and thus they would have haa to pay over him, and not to receive from any of the others. However, this contingency did not arise, as Bacchus and Saxon were the only two that dropped out, but we think that it would have been much better that, as the race was declared " void," the bets should also have been off. A fast trial performed by Tha Ghost brought him into prominent notice for the Handicap Flat Bace, out although he got very well away, he " corled " up when called upon, and fairly threw it up, Napper Tandy (who had given his drainer a very bad trial a few mornings before) fairly walking away from him at the finish. Napper Tandy is one of the most disappointing animals in training, as time after time he has given his trainer, P. Heywood, trials good enough for anything, but which he has signally fail€d to again accomplish when the colours were up, and the money on. Mr. Wallace has certainly been rather unfortunate with him, as he did not back him on Satur# day or when he landed the double at Geelons, and he must now recrefc that was so ill-advised as to scratch him for the Caulfield Cup. Cantala ran a very good mare, as she just beat Josephine on the post for third place, but few that started ran better than Chatterer, who, although " mud fat," ran well to the homo turn, and could hardly have lost the raoe had his trainer been able to give him a thorough preparation. The backers of horses 44 popped " it on to Buzza with such spirit for the Selling Bace, that he actually started with the odds of 5 to 2 on him, but he could not pace a yard with old Nunnykirk, who for once being in the running humour, cantered home the easiest of easy winners in the exceedingly fast time for five furlongs of linin. osec. This shows that the old horse yet retains his dash of foot, but he is sueh an uncertain animal that his owner felt very little confidence in his ability to defeat the favourite. TheBallarat division were once more to the front in connection with jumping races, as Mr B. Howie's Euchre had very little difficulty in landing the Steeplechase, but it J!? , be borne in mind that he \ a a very weak field opposed to him. When it remembered that Intrepid had only just kL® taken up, after being thrown out of trami? it was something marvellous to those 2?' quainted with that fact to find that he wTl to the post first favourite. As it was , fell at the second fence, but had he stood n he could not, in his present condition h&v; had the slightest chance with the winner wh fenced beautifully, and, moreover, showed 1 rare turn of speed. A field of eighteen youngsters in the Flying Stakes proved that the committee acted rightly in pla that race npon their programme - bnt numerous as the field was, backers ' conlS only see Prince George and Tangle in it and they were the only animals support with any spirit. Tangle, who had rua a fast half mile in a trial, was as fit as hands coaM make her, but Prince George, who had been stopped in his work through a sar« was not within pounds of his best 41 for'm »J but running as straight as a gun-barrel ha wore tha filly (who had the race in hand 200 yards from home) down in the last few strides, and scored a well- deserved victory bv a head. As Williamson had neither whip nor spurs, it has since been urged that he mDg| have won the race had he been able to > give the filly a taste of the whipcord, but she ran very shifty all the way, and whilst Prince ; George is all right, her chance for the Maribyrnong Plate is a very hopeless one for had the race been a furlong farther Mr' Whittingham's colt would have virtually walked in. Lesbia was third, but the judge neglected to place her in that position, fop which no excuse can be made, as she 'was some distance away from the other two, and her colours were surely distinctive enough. Had anything happened to the first two horses, the judge's neglect in not placing a third horse would have resulted as it did in the Hunt Club Steeplechase, in the race being run over again, and thus caused any amount of Gonfusion and dis satisfaction. Lesbia was, moreover, backed for a place, and thus her backers have to pay instead of receiving the money which they undoubtedly won— a very annoying circum- stance indeed for them. Notwithstand. ing the poor attendance, we are glad to hear that the club made a small profit by the meeting, and we hone tliev will he mnva successful at their next attempt. On Thursday next owners of horses will have to pay attention to the spring meeting of the Victoria Bacing Club, the entries for which are to close at 4 o'clock that after- noon. With so many horses in training in this colony, as well as those that are ex pected from Sydney and those that have arrived from Queensland and New Zealand, we may reasonably anticipate that the en tries will be unusually large. All classes of horses have been provided for, as such events as the Melbourne Stakes, Boyal Park Stakes, | and Canterbury Plate should suit the weight- j for- age horses, while the number of handicaps I on the programme testify to the fact that the I interests of the second-class and moderate I division have not been neglected. The com- I mittee of the V.R.C. have so consistently I kept the programme under the notice of the I sporting community, that there is no neces- 9 sity for us to descant upon it, but we hope I owners will bear in -mind that on no pre- I tence whatever will entries be received after I the advertised hour of closing, namely, 4 I o'clock. The second forfeit of £5 in the I -UJLCJ.UUUi.UB VJUjJ ttlHU mils UUtJ feUC DttUJC hour. The first forfeit for the Maribyrnong Plate became due on Monday last, and the reanlt has been that the number of horses that yet remain in the raoe have dwindled down to forty-nine, which number, of course, will be further lessened when the next forfeit has to ba declared. Amongst those who did not accept on Monday are — Beggar Maid, Sir Charles, the Novel Connection colt, Magnet, Danebury, Whitethorn, Grosvenor (Chester fall brother), Paresseuse (Grand Flaneur's sister), Henbane, Soubretfce, and others ; but the names of such favourites as Saionare, Segenhoe, Prince George, Mistake, Tangle, and others yet remain in the list, and so ftf the bookmakers have had very little dew money out of the race. The Caulfield races, which take place on Thursday and Saturday next, bid fair to he a success from every point of view, as all the races have been handsomely supported by owners of horses, and as there will he 8 large number of intercolonial visitors in ton for the purpose of witnessing the epniijj meeting of the Victoria Racing Gu&i; there should be a large tendance on each day of the meeting- weights for the minor handicaps were declared on Monday last, and, of conrseihaw come in for the usual amount of criticism" Handy Andy is at the top of the list in t Hurdle Bace, but even with all his list o he will be very hard to beat. Pf® very harshly used in having list 21b p; law® upon him, and running the eye down the nothing looks better in than Rhesus, ni Prince, and Don Pedro, one of which will very likely furnish the winner. Steeplechase commences higher t usual, and although 12st 71b is a weight for a little mare like Twihght, is such an undeniably game animalj that must be there or thereabouts. On the r ning in the last Grand National St#PleC., . she should beat Afcdallah, Lucy.andGaz » fin/9 nf fVin rt/ifliinff looks oeu®1-, than Actress, who meets Euchre on better terms than she did on Saturday Bobbie Barns looks as well in as anythhig the Corinthian Flat Race ;but TheWizard. prove a thorn in his side. Woodland, , 9st 91b, cannot be considered out of the e Handicap ; but Cantala, Ween, and Jsep » have a lar more healthy appearance, o present it would be absurd to attempt to p the winner. Judging by the bett.in.fl(3reat Maribyrnong Plate, the winner of tne Foal Stakes should come from Saiouara, IphigeDia, Safcanella, or de Bouzy ; but as Iphigema is doing Brighton, we shall have her in preferen . the others, as Saionara is a very un starter. Another interesting jaoe the Guineas, in which Wheatear, Maid, Topaz, Koh-i-noor, and take part, but judging by PubllraaXS the Queensland-bred oolt is be dangerous of that quartette, although nm speaks very highly of thh Adelaide Topaz," As the Gaulfield Cap will be decided j on the last day of the meeting, we shall have j another opportunity of referring to it, but at j present we see no reason to alter the opinion j we expressed some time ago to the effect that Woodlands should add this race to his 1 already long list of victories. Inclading his j penalty, his weight will be 8sfc 71b, j just 12ib less than he carried when he won the Handicap Flat Race at the V.B.O, j Grand National meeting, and ran a mile in lrnin. 43sec. Sardonyx, on his running in the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap, must also run very forward; and the weight should not trouble such horses as P.G. and The Wizard ; but up to the present we can see nothing better than Woodlands, who will he there, or thereabouts, when the winning-post is reached. Mr. J. O. Inglis was so satisfied with the manner in which the Tasmanian bred horse Pirate won the Corinthian Flat Bace at the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting, that he has since purchased him from Mr. J. Harper. The Ghost (late Salisbury) has been sold to go to Queensland. There was a large and fashionable at tendance at the Adelaide Hunt Club Steeple- nn fiafntew 1 o cf o vi/4 ton 1ooin viiitQO iuvov&ug; vu wavuiuoj acetavj vuu wc aocuu by electric telegraph that everything passed off in a very satisfactory manner. Old Moma- long, formerly in Mr. Watson's stable, won the Selling Steeplechase, he being the only horse that went the course. Begal easily appropriated the Maiden Hunters' Steeple chase, and then came the big event of the meeting, the Adelaide Hunt Club Cup, which brought a field of ten to the post. Buc caneer (lOst 101b), who was backed very heavily ,on the previous Thursday, was made a great favourite, but after leading nearly all the way, he was beaten easily by» Boebuck (list), Buccaneer finishing before Barney (list 21b) for second place. Bound Ho won ! the Hunters' Flat Bace, with Freetrader second, and Chalcome third, and the Mem bers' Hurdles was won by Wait-a-while (list Tib), Barungay (lOst), being second, and Taxaraxacum (12st) third. Hamlet easily beat Midnight Charlie and others for the Drag Hunt ; and Boebuck, who was pulled out again, easily won the Hunters' Stakes Steeplechase, carrying list 21b, Eclipse (lOst 101b) being second, and Gladstone (lOst 121b) third. The entries for the Brighton Park meeting, which takes place on the 9th November, are to close at 4 p.m. on Monday next. As the programme is a good one, it should be well patronised by owners of horses. The well-known horse Topaz, by Country man from Cameo, and who won the South Australian Jockey Club Derby on the 24th nit., left Adelaide on Tuesday last, and upon his arrival was to take up his quarters at the Bacecourse hotel, Flemington. The colt is engaged in the Caulfield Guineas, and he is said to have ripened into a first-class three- year-old. At last the great Woodlands Stud Distri bution has taken place (says the Tasmanian Mail), and an influential committee of gentlemen arranged and satisfactorily carried out the distribution on Monday, the 26th ult. There were under 2,000 shares taken, so Mr. Page determined to take up the balance. and risk the chance of losing the most valuable of his stud. Oat of the thirty-one prizes, Mr. Page secured twenty of the most valuable, including Horatio and the best mares. Two or three of the young stock went to Victoria. Mr. W. Andrews secured Elsinore, Mr. P. Baker Tatters, and Mr. D. Marshall, of Sorell, a good youngster. Much satisfaction was expressed at the result, and Mr. Page was warmly congratulated on all sides on his good fortune. Mr. Arthur Kearney, of Hobari, has put the well-known hurdieracer Canezou in training again, after a lengthened spell. The scratching of Progress on Monday last for the Melbourne Cup was a great surprise to those infatuated persons who maintained, notwithstanding the demonstration in favour of The Duchess, that he would be the repre sentative of the St. Albans stable in the Cup. Mr. Branch, the owner of the colt, informs us that finding he was occasionally backed in Sydney he scratched him, being well aware of the fact that he had no chance, and thus by his promptitude he has saved the admirers of the colt from losing any more money upon their favourite. W. E. Dakin has found it useless to persevere with Darriweil, and has thrown him out of work, the Cup hero of 1879 being scratched for the Melbourne Cup on Taesday last. Mr. John Mayo, the owner of Hesperian, has carried out his intention of appealing o.iomrt v,:„ i: 1 1 i- . uicuauuwtuuu uy tue Ubbr&U;&JQ; J cckey Club, for on Monday last his solicitor filed in the Supreme Court of New South Wales, under the new Equity Act, a state ment of claim against the club, praying for an injunction declaring the decision ot the committee of the club null and void, and restraining the club from giving effect thereto. The total amount expended on the Ivlorphettville (Adelaide) course since the S.A.J.C. took possession is £6,444 19s. Id. During the last six months the club have made a net profit of £791 8s. 6d. out of the totalizator. As the Y.R.C. Spring Meeting concludes on the 5th November, the S.A.J.C. (says ' Trnmpator," of the Adelaide Observer ), counting upon the return of the Melbourne visitors, have determined upon holding a Newmarket Meeting on the Prince of Wales's Birthday. For some years this day has been considered the property of the Lockleys Amateur Club, but 1 believe there will be no more Lockleys Baces. The determination of the S.A.J.C. to race npon New Year's Day will lead to a clash with the Adelaide Racing Club, as the Old Course has been the scene of a New Year's Day meeting for several years. At a meeting of the South Australian Jockey Club race committee on Tuesday, the 27th ult., the decision of the A.J.C., dis qualifying Mr. Jno. Mayo, the horse Elastic, anl the jockey Smith, for malpractices at the recent meeting of the A.J.C., was endorsed by the club. It is very unlikely that Mr. John Tait, the veteran New South Wales owner of horses, wiii be represented at the ensuing V.R.G. spring Meeting, as he scratched Strathearn tor the Melbourne Cup on Taesday last. We are informed that the acceptance of j toe New South Wales horse Major for tt$ ' Caulfield Cup arrived too lale. < | The well-known horses Euchre and Scotoh- manwere nominated forthe Findon Harriers | Cup, to be decided at Caulfield on the 15th, but as the handicappers, Messrs. G. Watson ! and Miller, did not consider they came under | the definition of hunters, they declined to .handicap them. The following fixtures for the season 1882 have been decided upon by the following coursing ciub3 : — New South Wales Club : 25th April, 24th May, 30th June, 1st August. Ballar&t; Club : 6th April, 4th May, 8th June, 6th July, 24th August. - The members of the last-named club hope to be able to run off their meetings on their Plampton ground, which is expected to be completed before the coursing season begins. There was a very poor attendance of sport ing men at the sale of Mr. L. L. Smith's horses at Caulfield on Tuesday afternoon last, and as a matter of fact there was not a legitimate bid for any of the horses submitted for sale. There appeared to be little wrong with the Derby horse Liberator, who has grown and furnished into a fine-looking animal, and so far as condition is concerned he is as forward as any of the horses that are now in training for the three-year-old race. wrne nrtf a oinrrTn frtn Vim on : UulU) ViUQiC now uvB a ouigAw IVA UAAUJ auu he was passed in for 140 guineas, at which price he would have been dirt cheap as a sire. Creme de Bouzy, who is in splendid con dition, rather light if anything, failed to find a purchaser, and as the Caulfield Great Foal Stakes appears to be on paper at his mercy, it was a matter for surprise' that little dis position was evinced to secure him. As the worthy doctor did not succeed in disposing of his horses, we may reasonably presume that he will still remain connected with the turf, which is a subject for some congratulation, as gentlemen of his stamp can ill be spared. The match for £300 between The Assyrian (late Rothschild) and Totalisator took place at the Adelaide Hunt Club Steeplechase Meeting on Saturday last. The distance was two miles, and the weights 7st, and we learn by electric telegraph that the The Assyrian won very easily. The latest ?scratchings for the Cup are — Progress, Atlantic, Mowerina, Sunnyside, Lavinia, Strathearn, and Darriweil. Mr. Walsh, the trainer of the Queensland horses, informs us that The Gazer, by Epi gram from Gazelle, was left in the Maribyr- nong Plate through a mistake. Mr. Walsh was under the impression that the horse had been scratched for the race in question in Sydney, and thus, when paying forfeit for Advent on Monday last, he overlooked The Gazer, who is now in Queensland, and out of training. At the regular monthly meeting of the committee of the Victoria Racing Clab, the following propositions will be submitted: — " 1. That an Official Racing Calendar be pub lished monthly by the V.B.C. 2. That the committee submit the following new rule to a special general meeting, to be called for the purpose of considering the same, before the ensuing spring meeting. Bule : — Therulesof the V.B.C. shall apply to all meetings held under the control of the Y.R.C., or advertised in the Official Racing Calendar, to be held subject to the V.R.C. rules. If a horse run at OMtr w rwiftM cr in nnf ba nujr AUQtViUg AU V IV/VwxiQ «TU1WU AO UVV OU advertised, or where the said rales shall not be in force, he is perpetually disqualified from ranning upon the Flemington coarse. The committee of the Y.R.G. mayac their dis cretion, prohibit the advertisement of any meeting in the Official Racing Calendar. 3. That no race shall be run upon the Fleming- ton racecourse to which less than £50 is added." The annual meeting of the Launceston Turf Club will be held on the 22nd and 23rd February, when the programme to be decided is as follows : — The Maiden Plate, 25 sovs. ; Two-year-old Bace, 75 sovs.; Launceston Cup, 150 sovs. ; New Chum Handicap, 50 sovs. ; Selling Hurdle Bace, 50 sovs. ; Mow bray Hurdle Bace, 60 sovs. ; T.T.C. Handicap, 100 sovs. ; Steeplechase, 100 sovs. ; All-Aged Stakes, 50 sovs. ; Welter Handicap, .50 sovs. ; Free Handicap, 50 sovs. The weights are not to appear until after the Geelong meeting, and the winner of the Hobart Cup will be penalised 14ib. We hear that Mr. N. R. D. Bend has been appointed handicapper. Mr. Fitz Wentworth, the owner of Sar donyx, has purchased Saunterer for the sum of £200. Mr. W. Yeomans arrived at Flemington on Monday last, with the Adelaide-bred horse Cetewayo, by Countryman from Queen of Scots, who is engaged in the Maribyrnong Plate. Since his arrival, the horse, who is of a fretful disposition, has not been doing very well, and his owner is not so sanguine about his chance as he was some time ago. A rumour has been circulated to the effect that Canary went to Williamstown in the early part of the week, and did a great trial, which satisfied his friends that he will be very hard to beat in the Caulfield Cup. By telegram from Wagga Wagga; we learn that at a large meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club, held on Thursday, there was con siderable discussion over Mayo's disqualifies- 1 tion. It was decided by a narrow majority ; to disqualify Elastic and the jockey Smith, but not to confirm Mayo's disqualification. The Boccaccio Park races take place this afternoon at Brighton, and as there are no counter attractions there should be a large attendance of spectators. Mr. Tidmnrnl nrrivAi? ft nm Rt7.1r»otr Vitt evening train on Thursday with the race horses Wheatear, Zulu, Spinningdale, and Primrose. They were sent gentle work at Flemington yesterday morning, but Spinning- dale was very fractious, and her jockey had some difficulty in keeping her on the track. The Adelaide trainer Tothill arrived yester- day morning by the steamship South Aus tralian from Adelaide, and has brought with him Pawnbroker and the two-year-olds Home Bule and Satanella. Topaz, in charge of Hill, also came by the samo boat, and they have all taken up their quarters at the Pastoral hotel, Flemington. The racehorses Sweetmeat, Master Avenel, LordBurghley, Surrey, Milbrodale, Surveyor, Gipsy Cooper, Saunterer, Sardonyz, Waxy, The Witch, Mistake, Carmen, Guinea, Orient, Wandering Jew, Creswick, Trump Yoss, | Saionara, Brian Boru, Gladys, Gamin, Sweet ! William, and others to the number of thirty, arrived at Albury at half-past 4 o'clock yesterday morning. Owing "to the limited > number of horse-boxes only twenty-one left Wodonga by the early morning train, and S3 the engine could not draw the train any further than Seymour, a number of the horse boxes had to be left behind. Mr. Ivory's horses, Sweetmeat, Lord Burgh! ey, Master Avenel, Surrey, and a hack, arrived by the 1.58 train at Newmarket, and at once pro ceeded to S. Davis's stables, where they will be located during their stay here. Creswick, in charge of H. Rayner, Brian Boru, Trump Yoss, Gladys, and three of Brown's, horses, also came by the same trainer, and are now at the Pastoral hotel, Flemington. Mr. De Meatre'a horses, consisting of The Wandering Jew-— in splendid condition — Gudarz, Guinea, Orient, Sunset, Ccmrteney, and the brown fitly by Robinson Crusoe from La Mousse, the black colt by Robinson Crusoe from Cocoanut, and the bay colt by Maribyrnong from Lady, went straight on to Melbourne, and later in the afternoon were taken to Williamstown, where they will be trained for their forthcoming engagements. Saionara, Sweet William, Mistake, Carmen, and Messrs. Forrester's and Wentworth's horses, which were left behind either at Albury or Seymour, were to arrive by the 10.5 train last night. President was scratched yesterday for the Caulfield Hurdle Bace. 