EVANGELISTIC SERVICES AT YARRA - STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH. The Yarra-street AYesleyan Church, was last evening crowded with a devout con gregation, on the occasion of the first of a series of evangelistic services and meet ings, conducted by the .Rev. John S. Inskip and Mrs Inskip, and the Revs. AY. Osborn and A. AY. Gardiner, prior to their return next week via Sydney to America. The party arrived in Geelong from Ballarat yesterday, and were all present at the service, with the exception of Mrs Inskip, who usually presides at the harmonium and leads the singing, but who was absent lasteveniug throughindi3 position. TheRev. J. Inskip, in accounting for her non-presence, announced that it was hoped that she would be able to take part in the service of to-day. The Rev. A. AY. Gardiner officiated at the harmonium in her stead. The Revs. Bath and Butcher were also present on the dais. The service commenced with praise, and an opening prayer, offered up by the Rev. AV. Osborn. The Rev. J. Inskip read the first portion of the second chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, and instructed the congregation therefrom. He pointed out the power that men filled with the Holy Ghost, and of firm and deep conviction themselves, have on others whom they essay to teach, and stated that it was the pro vince of the church to declare rather than to argue the truth. In concluding a direct appeal to the'liearts of his hearers, he told them, when they prayed, they could do no better than to ask God to grant what was meant and embodied in the blessing, " The very God of peace sanctify you holy." The rev. geutleman then invited persons to leave their pews, and come and kneel at the penitent form before the platform, and openly testify their desire to come to Jesus. An impressive scene then ensued ; many persons rose and walked up the aisle, and knelt at the altar, while a beautiful hymn, " He will save you," was sung by the principals,with great effect on all present. The smile which played over the faces of several of the younger occupants of the pews at the beginning of the hymn could be seen gradually vanishing, and a grave look taking its place, handkerchiefs covered faces, and many women gave way to tears, and men to groans. One by one the penitents filed up to the front, and filled the forms, and when this latter fact was apparent the clergymen, the peni tents, and the whole congregation knelt, prayed, and sang, after which the meeting separated. The services to-day, and suc ceeding days, will be as advertised in another column. 