OUR VICTORIAN LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, March 5. Our political perturbations have given place to an anxiety which is at once a matter of personal and general concern. The Yan Yean water upon which we have prided ourselves for •o many years bu now become a thine of dread aad an instrument of torture. It is so discolored, thick, and Hi-smelling that no room is left for doubt as to whether it Is impure or not. No one drinks it who ean avoid doing so. The eouumptloo of artificial decootions must have greatly increased In consequence, for there are very few persons whose stockof rainwater has not run out at this time of the year. A great many persons have been suffering from a mild form of Kogluh cholera, and, to make matters worse, the popular imagination has been extensively operated upon by the circulation of certain apocryphal and alarming stories. Now there is a rumor that the body of a man has beea found in the main; then it u stated with distressing eircum- : stantiality tbat a dead bollock has been dis covered in the same place; and when these statements bare been effectually disproved by the fact that the water enters the main through gratings that would not admit even a much smaller body, it is set forth with a pictorial ti plteitnew of detail which aids largely to the actual possible horror, that the bodies of dofs, native cat*, and wallabies are to be seen Uoiting about at the inlet to the Yiw Yean. These statement* have from time to time taken such en air of reality, and impressed the popular imagination so profoundly, that Mr. Davidson, the luperintending^ngineer, has felt himself ealled upon to supply a report to the Minister, in which, among other things, be says:—"l therefore beg to state that I am in a position to give a positive denial to those allegations, which are calculated, if uneontradioted, to ex cite disgust and fear is the minds of Tan Yean consumers. It is false that the bodies of native eats, dogs, and wallaby are to be seen floating •bout the inlet, as described. The grating in the inlet is a fixture, and cannot be otherwise them dosed. The lake is constantly being traversed by the workmen in the boat or barge; the resident inspector is careful and energetic; and so far as attention can be effective in pro tecting the water from pollution, it is so pro tected. It was alleged in May last that the dis coloration was owing to the indiscreet orders issued as to the admission of flood water. In my memorandum, dated 31st May, and pub lished in the Arju* of 2nd June, 1880,1 fare an entire and unqualified contradiction to such statement, and proved, beyond all doubt, that the first flood waters had not, as stated, been allowed to enter the reservoir." The complaints, however, continued, for the simple reason that the deterioration of the Tan Yean was was too obvious to be disputed. A board was therefore appointed to enquire speci fically— first, respecting the quality of the Yan Yean water; seoosdly, m to the causes which led to its present condition; and thirdly, con cerning any possible immediate remedy. Samples were collected from the Plenty Kiver, Brace's Creek, the upper end of the inlet aqueduct at the Plenty weir, the reservoir itself, and from the basin outlet; and the samples oollected from these five different •surest had the osmmon character of a turbid opatoecenoe, unsightlioess, a mawkish taste, and a repulsive and un pleasant smell, which has came to be known as the ** Yan Yean odor," whieh particular odor is said to be sug gestive of reedy flats, vegetable decay, and putrefactive decompositioQ of matter, in part at least of animal origin. The discoloration is attributed in great part to the suspension of day particles end other innocuous mineral matter iu the water, but beyond this there are distinct organic impurities demanding serious end im mediate attention. It is pointed out that while the reservoir itself is in good order there is great disregard to seme of the inlet streams, and par ticularly those passing through Whittlesea. At this township then are three channels which unite, and these an uafeneed ead unpaved. The banks are broken and crumbling by flood erosion, while the bed of the watercourses ■ trampled by cattle which grace there and stand abaat in groups. ?rhe banks of the Bruce Creek under the road bridge bore evidence of customary use as a re tiring place we need not enlarge." In addition to this there is the entire wasn of Waittlesea aad its common, which runs into the reservoir, and is duly reticulated for the daily use of the dainty Inhabitants of the Queen City of the South. The sensible contamination begins at Brace's Creek, increases at the inlet, is worse at tbe outlet, while the water taken from the centre of the lake proves to be the worst of all. As a remedy it is prsposed to fence aad pave thjb present «im?E?i« op to the base of the tinge, or if this cannot be done, to make a new paved aqueduct to intercept the waters as they issue from the base of the hills, to sacrifice that part of the watershed which comprises tbe township of Whittlesea and the Tonronroog Flats, to prohibit the traffic in timber and firewood through the watershed, and to provide by compulsory purchase if nece ssary for tbe extinction of the Whit tlesea township, aad the removal of all resi dents within the watershed area. It would seem that there are at present within the com pass of that (area 104 residences. 407 people, 615 horses, LO3S cattle, S.6SO sheep, 450 pigs. MO loose, and 90 goats. These salient factors regularly contribute to the pleasant mixture to be duly grateful for. The most notable event ia the history of our polities during the last fortnight has been the departure of Mr. Service for Europe. This gentleman is at present very popular with his party, but no one who is conversant with popu larity in disuwiisuioi ean fail to commiserate the ease of any one whose dubious fortune it is to achieve an excess of that quality. I have known men equally deserving, aad far more popular ia their day, whose popularity vanished in darkness, smoke, aad all the ill odors of malice and vituperation. If Mr. Service is a wise man, and has ream history, tbe Baaquo ghost of the inevitable revenges of time will greatly eober the natural and legitimate exultation of his prresnt •access. He has been feted at Maldon. and banqueted in the presence of nearly • thousand people ia tbe Town Hall of Mel bourne; and ia both places the enthusiastic adulation whieh be met with was sufficient to torn tile head of a less prudent, experienced, end sagacto?i man. The demonstration in Melbourne was a sight to see. When the toast of his name was proposed by the chairman the compact mass of banqueters rose as one man; the great organ struck up " For he's a jolly good fallow," in whieh the pseple eagerly joined, after whieh they —«^™^ standing and cheer ing vooiferously,so that it was some time before the hero of the occasion could make himself beard. At Maldon be said that be hoped his political career would bear good fruit hereafter, and tbat many who knew him would remember aim with respect and kindly feelings. His con section with politics would shortly oaase, and be would not attempt to exercise any further infiaeao? upon the government of the colony. The reform question, which had excited so much trouble, disorder, and bad feeling only a snort time ago, was bow being treated with compara tive indifference, and he thought it ia general desirable tbat questions of vital importance to tbe community should not be determined in ■wments ot passion and strong personal aad public feeling. He expressed the opinion •bat we were drifting too far from parliamentary lapstatkn ia .the direction of personal government, ee tbat the caprice of the indi vidual who happened to be at the head of affairs was substituted for impartial administra tion. He retorted to certain recent examples «f this mode of dealing with the public business, aad deprecated it as autocratic and unsatis factory. He referred to Mr. Berry's assertion that he would "make this a fine country for the working man," aad asked if a time oould be named ia tbe history of the colony when the people bad so little money in their packets, aad the hanks had so amehia their coffers. It bad been tbenus) hitherto that when money was 4ear ( paaperty was abeap.aad it was only reason able to expect tbat when money became cheap property would lacrosse in value, but the fact was that while tbe banks had a plethora of money which they bad no market for, pro perty in general had not increased in value. He deprecated tae principle of "the spoils to the victors" as leading to oonfusion and expense. For himself be had never appointed a friend to the Civil Service, nor anybody who had not been recommended by tbe head of the department, aad bad never diverged from the principle of promoting junior clerks as vacancies occurred. He considered that Victoria was losing her place through her present policy, and as an instance of the progress made by New South Wales, and tte decadence into whieh Victoria was falling, he said that he recently met the Consul-General of Germany on board the Golden drowa,and was told by him that he had received a oommaaioatio? from Oermany, asking for a ceportastowhere it was advisable to establish the conraiaa?. In reply to Mr. Service as to which city he had selected, the Oonsul-Genersl stated that he had advised that the consulate should be established is Sydney. That was a slap in the face at once, and it was much to be re gretted. At the banquet in Melbourue, after some re marks of a personal nature, Mr. Service said that ae he was about to leave* the colony he would make a statement which otherwise might Ibe deprived of its point on the Mtamptioa that 'he had a political object in making it. The dis graceful act of Black Wedneaday had done more harm than the country would recover from far many Tears to come. It had been fett through the colony like a shock of paralysis, disfiguring the face and disabling the members of society. The colony had survived the stroke through the force of an excellent constitution, but if the like thing occurred again, the results to the body politic would be similar to the molts of a second stroke in the body personal. A seme of insemiritr ud ap prehension had supervened which was felt to the foundations of society. Blsok Wednesday had sent him to the ranks of the Opposition, and the Opposition had done him the honor to make him their leader. Earl Beaconsfield had said, "under an unscrupalous Government a nation beoomes couTerted to a mob." There was no doubt that this sentiment had found a vivid illustration in the history of the colony, and that tmscrupulousness and insincerity were the order of the day. His own party had been beaten id the country, but their defeat was only temporary. He had been ac cused of sacrificing them by not com promjeing the question of reform, but those who co accused him did not know as he did what was behind. What was sought of him was uot compromise, but surrender, and consequent dis grace. The chief mover in this question talked compromise in the Ministerial room one night, and went into toe House and moved a vote of want of confidence the nezc His Government oould not have been saved by compromise, but would have suffered dishonorable deteat. Instead of walking out as they did. with all the honors of warJ they would have been disgraced. Sir John Otihanassy was one of the compromising gentlcmeu,and he was so iotenton building in the Roman style of architecture that when he could not get what ha wasted he had recourse to pulling down the houses which other people had constructed. They had been defeated by the Berry party only because their Unman Catholic fellow-countrymen had been unfaithful to them, bat the resolt of that to the Catholics themselves was that another such victory would be the rain of their claims. What they wanted was unity and honesty. When a true man got into power he did his best to promote the interests of the State, while an untrue man in power did his best to promote the interests of his sisters, cousins, and aunts. He was going away for the benefit of his health, and he trusted that when he returned another set of men would be in power, and that the colony would have tbe blessing of peace and good government. Messrs. Blaokett, Cuthbert, Francis, Murray Smith, and others, addressed the gathering in the course of the evening, speak ing in the highest terms of the services which their leader had rendered to the country, and wishiog for him a speedy and pleasant return. The presbytery of the Melbourne churches has just witnessed the beginning of a matter the end of which is not by any means dear. A charge of heterodoxy had been brought against the Eev. Charles Strong by the Bev. Mr. MeSechen, who moved that "Whereas an article in the October number of the Victoria* Retiew by the Sev. Charles Strong, on the sub ject of the atonement, has caused serious uneasi ness to many ministers and members of the church, by what appears to tbens to be the TMisatifffm-frirT -Vnramnrf itn tombing, tho prw bytery resolve that an opportunity be afforded Mr, Strong to confer with them, ia the hope that he may give such explanations as may remove the feeling of uneasiness occasioned by the article." Mr. Strong is the mini tor of Scots Church in Collins-street, and has managed, partly by his position, partly by a misty «d reticent; audacity, and partly no doubt by his ability, to bring himself into some notoriety since his settlement in Melbourne about four years ago. He is a > oung man of about thirty-five, with some talent, and not without culture, but without anything like genius, strong individuality, or uncommon farce of character, but be is what is called a "nine man," and has had the good luck of taking well with his people until they appeared to be prepared to go with him whichever side he takes. It is Us good fortune also to be a minister of the most beautiful church with the wealthiest congrega tion in the city. By the harmonious eom binatica of oeruio circumstances ot uncommon advantage he stands four square, and well entrenched against whatever assaults may be made against him. He belongs to the school which may be said to have been founded by Professor Oaird, and which has furnished Monies, Stobbs, and Strong in succes sion to the same church hero. Menzies was speculative and bold, but with a tender and reverential genius, and a soul touched t? high devotion end the noblest aspirations. Stobbs, who is now minister of the West Melbourne Presbyterian congregation, is broad church and easy-going, with a dash of the old Lutheran bon- Amnm— •• He that laves not wine, woman, and song, lives afool all bis life long." Strong is of • different type from either, qoiet mannered, tasteful in thought, careful in state ment, and without tiielvast show of entbuaiasm. Be preaches from paper, and even his prayers, it is said, are regularly composed beforehand, and brought into the pulpit in manuscript. His speculations are measured, his excursions outside of the boundary line of the traditional theology of his church, however extreme, are cool and sober in their tone, and his very audacity is of the sort which I have ventured already to designate by the somewhat fM-A"™? 1 term of reticent. The stifled murmurs ot discontent amongst his brethren on account of bis wary and cautious heterodoxy have been deep and prolonged. He has exposed Himself to reore hension rather by what he has not said than by what he has given 'utterance to. "Oh that mine enemy would write a book!" The "books" which Strong has written from time to time have been provokmgly aeutnl and vague on the strong paints of the Puritan or Presbyterian creed, but be had seldom, if at all, com mitted himself by his positive statements. A few months ago he wrote an article in the Ftctorum Review on that eentral and mystical point of the Christian creed,« The Atonement.'' It was almost impossible for him to proceed at all in such a subject without exposing himself, and inviting criticism at every step. The article is eonspicuously wanting in definite «t?fa?m«?iifr. 1 end the little there is of that nature is veiled and obscure by the misty transcendentalism and the rationaliatie half statement and erode ness of the German school. Bat *tiU it was necessary for him to cay something, and what he did say, together with what he did not car, forms the basis of the charge brought against him. Mr. MeKeehem, who brings the charge, is minister of the St. Andrews Highland Church, Melbourne, a&d; is one of the sturdiest, strongest, and most resolute amongst a class of men who are notable for the possession of those qualities. He is a man of sound learning, high temper, and fine evangelical fervor. There ere few better preachers, and there is no one more uncompro mising in rebuking error and defending truth than he. The speech which he made before the Presbytery in stating the grounds of impeach ment against Mr. Strong is an example of close, dear, compact* and convincing logic; and it is certain that his antagonist will have a very hard time of it unless he can prove that bis cause is very good. Mr. Strong has intimated that he is not sun that be will reply to the charge at all; end no one knowing the two men would be at ell inclined to doubt that dis cretion in bis oase might well be the better part of valor. The matter baa been de ferred for the present, but will be brought op ■gain at the next Minting of the Presbytery, which is to be held in about a month. Mr. Berviee has handed in his resignation to the Speaker, and the election far Maldon will take place at an early date. Mr. William Walker, who formerly represented Richmond for a few months, was the first in the field, and received very general promises of support. Mr. Mclntyre, however, shortly afterwards appeared on the scene, and as these gentlemen were on the constitutional aide it was accessary that their relative chums should be decided by arbitra tion. Mr. Francis acted for Mr. Walker, and Mr. Carter for Mr. Mclntyte, end these gentle men not sgreeing the question was referred to Mr. Murray Smith as umpire. Mr. Walker furnished himself wish some strong evidences that his chances were likely to be better than those of his competitor, but Mr. Mclntyre was the older politician, a consistent freetrader for more than twenty years, was disappointed of a portfolio in the formation of the Service Mini*try,and, like Dogbery,had had his "losses" in many a political contention. It was decided therefore, and X think rightly so. all things considered, that he should be the preferential candidate for Maldon. Mr. Mirams, the redoubt able secretary of the Beforat League, visited Maldon a few days ago, intent it is said on busi ness. The Po?tmaster-Generakhip is not yet filled ap. It is admitted that Mr. Uinms, more than any other man on that side of the House, has a claim to the unappropriated portfolio. Mr. Kerry I-.aa stated his wish to oblige Mr. Mirama, but repre sented bis inability to do so ou the ground thtt the colleague of that gentleman in the con stituency of CoUingwood, Mr. Laogridge, U Minister of Works, and that it would sever do that two Ministers should be taken £tom the eawe ccuttitueney. If Mr. Minting would re?i£D Oulliijgmoid and try his chances* at Maldoc the thing might be done. The ptfl* liojiutiy fctirvr;, liowever, does not appear t? have ti'ea reassuring', and the secretary of the ( K« loroi L*?gue think* it better to bear the ill* ' be has than to fly to others that he knows not i of ; and he does not intend to furnish another j illustration of the folly of the dog in tha i fable. More recently Mr. Casey has been feeling his way in the same constituency in the j liberal interest, and in making promises on that tide has opened his mouth on quite a liberal scale of extension—thereby a tale hangs. When- - ever J. J. takes the initiative, one may be quite sure that there is something that lies at the bottom of it. His cuteness in the matter of i self preservation is quite phenomenal. He is patriotic enough to believe in the greatest good for the greatest number, but his judgment : always unerringly carries him to the conclusion that the greatest number in his own case is number one. Mr. Berry has lately given it out I that be has grown sick of politics, as politics go in these degenerate days. He has al*o been in dispostd with very suggestive frequency ot late. The Agent-Generalship is not yet filled up, ami the talk is that the Premier has shrewdly reserved the post for himself. This will involve a reconstruction of the Onbinel. Along witb the chasges which would be inevitable corresponding chances would arise, and Mr. Owey would have to be consulted with in any such ease if he were in the House. This is sup posed to account, in some degree at leaat, for his reappearance in the arena of politics at this juncture. In the meantime, prudent dub as he is, he has stated tbat be will take timu no con sider whether he will contest the constituency or not. J. J. always means something, even whea there appears to be nothing in it. Josh Billings says that once upon a time h* found that he had two boils, but tint in two days thereafter he made a farther discovery, and found that the boils had him. In like manner there was a time, and it seems only bat as yesterday, when we found that we had some rabbits, but the discovery has at length been forced upon us that the position is entirely reversed, and that now the rabbits have us. Of coarse their actual habitat is the scrub and the farmers' selection; but there is also a very real sense in which like the frogs in Egypt they obtrude themselves into ail sorts of unaccus tomed places. They have entered into oar shire councils and Parliament Houses, while they make racket in the brains and haunt the very dreams ef the selector and squatter. In some parts of the colony they are an insufferable pest and a nuisance intolerable; and the mis fortune is that all the time we are suffering so much from them their numbers are not diminishing but increasing. A friend of my own in the St. Arnaad district managed tosave a percentage of his crops, only by the melodious prccess of what is popularly known as tin kettlinjr, which process it was necessary to keep up during a protracted number of weeks day and night. This Chinese mode of warfare ap peared to be far more effective in keeping them at a distance than dogs and guns, for which indeed they seem to have acquired an habitual contempt. There are such swarms of them in the maliee, that even the Berry Ministry are beginning to think there is no remedy for that case, but long leases, secure tenure, and low rents. The first business in fact is to eradicate them from the scrub, for so long as they are allowed to multiply in their breeding- places the free selector is entirely helpless and hopeless. Since I last wrote the Government have taken the first practical atop by establishing ten stations in different parts of the country for the pur chase of skins at Melbourne prices. It is quite plain tbat if the agricultural interest is to be preserved from extinction something far more radical and general than this even must be done. In the House Mr. Walter Madden has given notice that he will move at an e«rty date —"That in the opinion of this Mouse the de vastation caused by the rabbits in Che maliee couutry makes the occupation of that country a question of emergency, which should be d;?U with during the present session of Parliament." A gentleman ?ty ling himself Count de Beau mont has been providing a diversion for society in Melbourne, first at the expense of the p it?iio, and finally at his own. He was a, gentleman of sublime impudence, prepossessing exterior, and considerable knowledge of the world. For some time he had the entree at Ooverament House, until something occurred to excice the suspicion of Lord Nonnanby, ?then enquiries were nivle with the result that he was excluded from thit elysium. He then directed bin attention* to certain tradesmen in the city who were likely to further bis purposes, affecting in particular the wealthier jewellers. In one case he endeavored to obtain ££00 worth of jewellery ou the pre tence that he required the articles as a preoent for his faucet. In this instance, however, he spread out his pretended magnificence in a style which aroused the misgiving* of the tradesman who communicated with the Detective Office, and so brought his woald-be patron into the clutches of the law. There are several cases against the "Count," *nd he has been committed for trial. A reckless young blade, Stephen Thomson by name, married a lady from a respectable family that happen to be neighbors of my own, about eight years ago. I believe that she made him a dutiful, faithful, and affectionate wife, and, ' with the exception of such slight occasional i differences as are liable to happen in the best regulated families. I believe they lived amicably enough together. The young gentleman, how ever, was employed at the Exhibition building, where he fell under the influence of the seductive attractions of a neat-handed Phyllis of the refreshment bar in that place, and about three months ago he boldly led this lady to the alter in a church about two miles removed from his former home. This fact came to the knowledge of the family of bis first wife • few days ago, and her sister laid an informa tion against die daring and enterprising young gentleman for bigamy. He made no attempt to deny the charge, but stated in court that he had taken this coarse that he might get a divorce from his first wife. On leaving the court in custody of the officers of the law he effusively kissed the weeping innemorata who had supplanted his rightful spouse of his af fections. The fascinations of pny* life must be very great for some people. A venerable thief, seventy-eight years of age, has been sent to gaol for two years with hard labor by the City Court Bench for following his avocation as chevalier d«f cattatrieatthe?elvidereHoteL He called at this place late at night, and secured accom modation. During the darkness of the still hoars he visited the roams which were accessible to him, and abstracted such things as were available. Shortly afterwards he was arrested in a lodging-house in Little Collins-street, when be placidly remarked, "The Government kept me when I was yoang, and most keep me now I am old."' He was identified as an "old hand" who had come from Sydney. On hearing his sentence of two years, he thanked their Honors, ead said he did not think he should live half so ong. 