ORIGIN OF FAIRY SUPERSTITIONS. [From the Cornhill Magazine i This curious stone weapon which I am holding in my hand, as I sit on the old wooden bench beside the glen, though rude enough as to form and workmanship, has a strange and eventful history of its own In shape, it re- sembles an arrowhead, and as an arrowhead it was fashioned by the ancient people who first made use of it. But I have just bought it for 6d a cheap price as neolithic markets go from the old ploughman yonder, who brought it up for my inspection this morning as an elder. An effort it really is, chipped and ground from a cornelian pebble by the elves or fairies who once lived over all Britain, and of whom he many wonderful tales still survive in our midst. For if we may believe a most enticing theory of modern science, the elves are a real historical race, and the stories about them even now contain a kernel of historical truth. Their myth is a long one to unravel ; but sheds so much light upon the origin and nature of many similar myths elsewhere, that it is perhaps worth the trouble of an hour's thought. We know now that at an earlier period of the present or recent epoch northern Europe was inhabited by a race of men who used weapons and tools of polished flint and other hard stones. These men, whom we call by the name of Neolithic, must be carefully distinguished from the far earlier paleolithic savages who lived before the last great glacial period, and who shipped the very rude stone weapons of the drift, besides etching the curious sketches of reindeer and mammoths on horns and ivory, which are found in so many French caves. 'The paleolithic men belong to a remote antiquity, when the animals which roamed over Europe were of very different type from those which now inhabit it, and when a single race of wholly unvaried savages spread throughout the whole surface of the inhabitable globe. The rough hatchets which they dropped by the banks of the Ganges hardly differ at all from those which they dropped by the banks of the Somme or the Thames. But the Neolithic men, with whom we have here to deal were far more advanced in all useful arts, and had progressed a long way on the upward path towards civilisation. They were probably coeval with the earliest Egyptian culture and so, by comparison with their paleolithic predecessors, they may be considered as almost modern and historical personages. No great gulf separates them from our own times, as the last glaciation of Northern Europe separates the paleolithic savages from them and from us. We still find their sepulchres on the surface of the earth, and the temples or cromlech which they built are still standing in our midst. Apparently they continued to live on, and to use weapons of stone exclusively, as late as some three or four thousand years since. In stature these Neoliths (for we may as well give them a name were short and broadly built, as we know from their bones. A man of 6ft. 6in. was a giant among them, and one of just 5ft. was not accounted short, while some of them reached only 4ft. 10in. A great many indications tend to identify them with that strangely isolated race, the Basques of the Pyrenees and if this identification be correct, I may add that they were swarthy people, with dark hair and beady black eyes It is not unlikely that the small, dark, stumpy little Etruscans belonged to the same stock. Most of our knowledge of the Neoliths is derived from the study of their tombs or barrows, of which a large number may still be found, capping the green summits of our downs, or standing out boldly on the skyline of our upland plains. This particular effort on which I am now discoursing came from the cutting where the new road passes through the great oval tumulus on the edge yonder, known as Barrow Hill. Each such tumulus is the burial place of some Neolithic chieftain, and it casts much light on the life and mode of thought of the people who built it. The barrows in question consist, as a rule, of a long mound or heap of earth, covering and enclosing a chambered tomb. They were constructed by building first a hut of huge unwrought stones, set on edge, and then placing other large states across them on the top. into the house thus formed, which probably represented the home of the dead chieftain during life, they laid the body for burial, in a crouch- ing posture, as they usually slept. Then they built up a long entrance or passage, and covered the whole with a great mound of loose earth. Sometimes they put a few large stones on top to mark the place, and surrounded the whole wound with a wall and a ring of rude obelisks, as many in number as the enemies whom the dead chieftain had slain Kit's Coty house in Kent is such a Neolithic tomb, uncovered and exposed to view by the removal of the earth which once formed the mound. On the Wiltshire and Gloucestershire downs many others remain as yet intact and they have only lately been opened by modern antiquarian research. Mr. Herbert Spencer's luminous investigations into primitive ideas help us to understand these arrangements. They all depend upon the belief in the continued existence of the dead man or his ghost. "The tomb," says Professor Boyd Dawkins, " was to the Neolithic mind as truly the habitation of the spirits of the dead as the hut was that of the living. It was the home of the dead chieftain, and the centre into which the members of the family or clan were gradually gathered, and where they led a joyous and happy life similar to that which they enjoyed on the earth." Hence, when the Neolithic chieftain died, he was buried with all his belongings. His arrowheads, his stone hatchets, and his cups or bowls of rude pottery were laid by his side, for use in the world of spirits and there we still find them when we open the barrows at the present day. His amber necklet and gold trinkets were placed on his corpse. Moreover, at his funeral many of his wives and slaves were put to death, as they still are in Dahomey and in the South Sea Islands, in order that their ghosts might accompany him to the spirit world, and wait upon him as they had done on earth. Their cleft skulls may yet be found beside the unhurt skeleton of the dead chief. Wild boar, deer, pigs, and oxen were also eaten at the funeral feast, and their bones were placed in the tomb for a like purpose, that the ghost might hunt their ghosts in the other world. Thus the chief continued to live on in his grave as he had lived before, surrounded by all the objects which he needed, and sometimes stalking abroad at night to visit his friends, or by day to aid them in battle against their enemies. Nor was this alL In order to propitiate the ghost or to obtain its assistance in time of war, offerings were constantly made at the tomb. The slabs of the stone chambers have little cups or hollows on their upper surface, intended to hold presents of meat and drink for the spirit within. Such offerings to the dead are common at the present day amongst all savage tribes, and the idea which dictates them is exactly the same as in Neolithic times. We shall see hereafter that gifts are still offered in Europe at the present day on the tombs of these very came Neolithic chieftains. So far we seem to have done very little towards identifying the elves or fairies with the Neolithic ghosts. But we can easily see the beginning of the transforming process when we remember that Europe was overrun some 4,000 years since by a new and intrusive race, the Aryan Celts. These Celts seem themselves to have been armed with stone weapons, but at a very early date they learnt to manufacture weapons of bronze. In Britain at least, and probably elsewhere, the Celts are distinguished from the earlier non-Aryan race as a bronze using from a stone-using people. Now, we know from their remains that the primitive Celts were a tall muscular set of men, very different in stature and appearance from the small Neoliths, into whose country they came. There was a constant warfare between the two races, and slowly the Celts spread over the whole of Western Europe, either as colonists or else as a ruling caste settled down amongst the small and Swarthy Bberians. But the Celts did not destroy the tombs of the elder chieftains, though these are different in shape from their own barrows. They would have been afraid to do so, for fear of bringing upon themselves the wrath of the ghost. ~ Indeed, superstitious and ignorant people everywhere are very chary of moving or desecrating a tumulus and so recently as 1859, a farmer in the Isle of Man offered a heifer as a burnt offering at a barrow near Tynwald Hill, which had lately been opened by Messrs. Oliver and Oswald, in order to avert the anger of its occupant at this desecration. In this way, and owing; to these feelings, the tombs of the Neolithic age have been generally preserved as objects of super- ' stitious dread for so many centuries throughout all Western Europe. i And now comes in the genesis of the myth. As the ghosts which haunted those early tombs t were small and swarthy, they came to be thought of as a little people who dwelt underground, and there wrought curious at miles of stone and amber, or guarded hidden treasures, such as we know are sometimes found in the barrows. And as the tendency is for myths always to ex- aggerate, so that tall races grow into giants, and small races grow into dwarfs, the inhabitants of the Neolithic tumuli grow to be regarded as a very tiny set of spirits indeed. Moreover, as the ghosts of a hostile though conquered race, they were dreaded rather than reverenced, and they became objects of a curious but not very intense fear. Their small size, indeed, and the tradition of their helplessness -for the Iberians were but a feeble folk, will protected by their stone hatchets from the bronze battle-axe of the sturdy Celt pre- vented the legend from representing them as really formidable ; but they wore rose died as the root of all petty mischief whatsoever. It was they who cuddled the milk, who dried up the tears of the cows, or who led him astray of nights. They were a jealous little people too, who bore ill-will towards any man that spoke lightly of them, and who resented any slight to their dignity with marked ill-temper. They mode the children sick', and plagued the cattle with murrains. They spoilt the water in the wells, and they burnt up the corn in the fields. In short, they did all the harm that hostile ghosts could do, considering their small stature and their consequently slight power of doing active injury. Hence they were propitiated as far as possible by the Celts, and by the later races, such as the English, who learnt the Celtic superstitions from their Welsh slaves To these small underground spirits the names of elves and fairies came to be applied. The first is the true Teutonic word ; the second is a Latin form used by the Romanised Celtic races to translate some native word. It is derived from the Latin Fate, or, as some will have it, from Fatuo. The provincial form is Fads, and the French is Fee. The real Norman-English equivalent is Foy ; but now we more generally use the word Fairy, which is, of course, originally a collective form, meaning the kingdom or the tribe of says. All these Romance words, however, have really nothing to do with the origin of the myth, because they are mere late translations, adopted by the Celts of Gaul and Spain as the nearest Latin equivalents for a native word, when they lost their own languages. The one important fact to note. is this, that those names cluster most thickly about the Neolithic tombs and the objects found in them. Many Neolithic interments took place in caves and such a cave is known in Provence France by the name of Frau des Fades, and in French-speaking districts as Grotte des Fees. Stone avenues or monoliths of the same age are constantly called Pierres des Fees. The great dolmen nt Loc mariaker (Morbihan) bears in Breton the name of Manné-er-H'roek-which probably gives us the true Celtic word and in French that of ' Montagne de la Rue. in England and in Sweden similar pillars or stomachs are known as elf stones. Country people call flint arrows, such as that which I hold in hand, by the name of offences, efforts, or elf bolts and stone hatchets are constantly spoken of as fairy axes. If we put together all these facts, as well as the under- ground life of the fairies, and the curious objects they are supposed to frame, we can' hardly resist the inference that the elves really represent the ghosts in the Neolithic tombs. " Fairy land, says Mr. Wright, was generally described as situated under the surface of our earth." One of its entrances was the Peak Cavern of Derbyshire-a known place of interment in the stone age. " The popular belief," Mr. Kemble tells us, " was that buried treasure was guarded by spells, and loaded with a course that would cling to the discoverer. " The significance of these ideas is obvious. 