Jfrrr % fairies. Thb ' old gold ' fevsr it still at its height. Everything in the sbsps of ftmale diesr, that can to given tbat tint, partakes ol it — skirls, trimmings, bats, bonnets, stockings, ay, and even garters (tome say who profess to know) are all of tbe fashionable colonr. They say that Mrs. Ltnglry, who, in hsr lactone eoitume at the Kensington Fi'e, painfd for herself the nsw title of tbe ' Amber Witch,'' has even her garter bookies made of old Boman eoins. DTAMrjsD velvet is in vogue for tight-ntttng jacksls, and even for tbe whole costume. A drees of this description, in a peculiar shade of dark bottle- green, was muoh admired at one ot the recent wedding?. It was without trimming, stvs buttons composed of fine enamel and Bbine Btones and bnokle to matob, but was monlded to the form ot the fair wearer with the easy grace ol a well fitting glove. Fob bridal dresses, white satin is always in favonr ; bnt the texture of the veil, whether in point iaoe or in simple tulle, depends on the taste as well as on tbe purss of the bride. Heiresses, as a general rnle, affect simplicity, and feel tbat tbey can afford to wear tulle, i Fur trimming for evening and dinner drees is spoken of as a probable oontingeney in English 00Btnmes duriug the coming Beacon. But the Amerioon tendency, like tbe Frenob, is always for lighter tffeots. The air of London above ground threatens to be as bad thiB year as it was last. Already fogs have been of snch density as to oauee great depression of spirits to all tboee whom occupation condemns them to live in town. The Balloon Sooiety bave arranged to teat tlie atmosphere of tbe oity at different altitudes doling the prevalence of fogs, and all manner of suggestions have been made by toientific men to prevent or remove this leirible scourge. The latest proposal is to blow away the fog by a great explosion of d-uamite in some large open space, snch aB Byde Fark. Anyone who has bad to live tor months together in an atmosphere cf tbe d uei'y and colonr of pea-coop will forgive tho apparent flavour ol Jales Verne's novels about the proposal, and bail with delight the making of any attempt at its eradication. While plodding through the oopper-bued miBt by day, and groping one's way over the slippery pavements by night, how one does long for a tee'e of some favonted climate 1 Fboii ono point of view — what might be termed tbe ladies' point of view — the most inteiesticg man in Borne is the Duke ol Galleee, whole even a moro striking example than Torlonia of tbe vanity olhnmsn wishes. The Duke's came is Hardonn, and he was born in a village in the sontb of Franos, whence, as a sergeant ol.caivalry, he came in the at my ot oconpation to -Borne. Be happened to be quartered in the Falszzo Attempe, in.the court of whioh he was daily to be seen grooming hiB horse. While thus engeged he used to be observed and admired by the owner of the palazso, the middle-aged Conntess Altetnp, who thonght it a pity that so fins-looking a young fellow should be a mere French sergeant. Tender relatione soon began between tbe two, but bow conld sbe marry an uncommissioned officer? Woman's Ingenuity, however, Boon found a way out of the difficulty. Along w'.h various properties, the Countess inherited several titleB whioh Bsemed destined to die with her, as the had no children. Her wealth and social position made her ii^nential at tbe Vatican, and the good-natured Fins IX. waB ever ready to oblige his friends. He was induced, therefore, to bestow one of these titleB npon the lueky Hardonn, who lost no time in marrying his patroness. It soon appeared that fortune had only began to smile npon bim, for ere long his wife died in ohildbirtb, leaving a son who lived just long enough to inherit bis mother's property, and pass it on to his father. Here was now the newly-made duke ettormously ricb, etill young, and as handsome as ever; only a wife after his own besrt was neoeesary to oomplete his liappineeB, and /or this he had ngt far to se--k. Young, beautiful, end of good famiy, tbe new duchess ol course smoothed her husband's path in sooiely, which, at the worst, would not have been too rongh ; for tbongh quits uneducated, tbe duke was not withont hot and good senee. But tbis complete happiness was not destined to last long, for, after a few years, the dnobess was suddenly stricken with madness. Her monomasia consisted in believing hereelf pursued by ths ghost of her piedeoeBsor, seeing ibetself everywhere fol lowed by a woman with a dead ohild in her arms, wlo vows deBtinction to her and her children. Frequently ehe has esoaped from ber honse and bnrried through tbe Btreets of Bome towards the Tiber, ever orying, ' My children I My children 1' When declining on invitation, in place of tending notice of regrets, it is con sidered the proper thing tu send baskets of flowers with card instead. Booms that are arranged after soms par ticular style, and each cue differently, have favourite vases, each selected for its appro priate meaning, in illuminated text or graceful outline, as over a water-basin is tbe suggestive phrase : ' Clean hands and a pure heart.' Among the many clubs orgaxused at this : feBtive season are 'bowling clubs,' which comprise twenty members. After choosing fides tbe game is plajed according to certain rules adopted, aud the young people return to their homes glowing; jrith the pleasure and exercise this muscular game evokes within them. - - It's the fash'on to wear a cliarm or amulet in tbe shape of some symbol of one's* taste or profession ; a journalist, wearing a tiny 'jewelled quil or pen with handle — aleo a pair of sciesors might be considered in' re appropriate ; an artist, a small palette with rubies, emeralds, sapphires and pearls for the paints ; the actress, a tiny golden mask ; sing-rs, a jonel ed lyre,. A Gebx an fashion now being rapidly adopt d by Americans is that of betrothal parties. They are given by the parents of the bridegrtom-elccl, who, with his jianccf, dressed in bridal attire, receives the guests; congratulations are in' order, and the whole formality of a wedding is gone through, except the clergyman's sbare of it, which comes a tew months later, when he is introduced into the scene. Mas, Linoiot bat migrated from Jergey to Guernsey, end is 'followed (the papers ray) in her walks js Ihiit iclaud by small crowds, and, withont ' .(tint, beneath' J,er short skirts diflplaye-to tbcir admiring eyes —thai is to say, to the male portion there of — her small and low-eot patent leather shoes and gold embroidered sky-bine stockings. Her bote seem to have. mBde more impression than tbe Jsrsey Lily's lace; eo little, comparatively, is said of the latter. ^ Thex say that the days of tbe ' Jersey' and the 'Tam o' Sbantet' bat . are numbered. Tbe PrinoeE$;ioJ WalesiBtojead the fashion during ihe conilng^e Um.'jai there will be a radioal chaD&e;'aa io eotfume, one of the first being the' banUhment of theee Langtrian edjunots to the feminine toilette- We shall see how Mrs. L. will itand this usurpation, even though it be attempted by Boyalty. 8h»bt skirtB, with their accompanying nnder-garments, are still the fashion at balls, which, for tbe moat part, now take place at oonntry-honies. Abklets of gold and' silver, and not un frequently studded with gems, bave made their appearanoe, their apparent purpose being deooration. A becent sq^ndal in bigh lite would for. nish Mibs Braddon with sufficient data for the first two volumes ol a novel. A noble Earl (name not yet made public, thongh pretty well-known in private eireles) betrayed ? strong affection fore oertain young widow, whose husband 'joined ths majority' in Afghanistan last y» sr. Sbe stayed at the Earl', family - (eat janob .and:. often, and Wlpropated (to all appMrane«-) ifa* tenilsr paction. He Ioadsd ber with diaterondijtnd othsr. presents, and all -the world thonght', tbem engaged. . It bap jant been dieobvered, however, that there is a meat painful snd inmrmonntahlo obstsole to their marriage, in the shape of a gallaLt Colonel, . to;»hcm(, tbe fair widow has for tome timo past bet^r ; secretly married, and who bas hot been lo'o : prond to trade np^n and prrfit by ths dcoep. tion pr'aotioed by his rife. Of o-.nrBe, In the poFBsesion of snob a man, tbe Barl's dia- ' mondsand other gagei d' amour are irrevooab'y lost, for Ihe invi cation of the strong arm of the Jaw in that behalf would give tbe affair j to the public in all its nskednees. | ' i ' . 