AN EXCOMMUNICATED NUN. . A deeply interesting memoir of Sister A.ugustine, a Romish nun, Superior of the Sisters of -Charity of St. John's Hospital, Bonn, has recently been translated from the German, and published by C. Kegan, Paul and Co. She was of good family, and by no means of the stuff of which nuns are made. A review in the Nonconformist , to which we are indebted for the substance of this paper says : — " Her youth was sprightly, hoydenish, full of animal life. In her exuberant youth she looked upon convent life with something like horror, but a disappoint ment in love came, and her sympathetic feelings could find no outlet but in the attendance of the sick through the Order of St. Charles Borromeo of Nancy. -This Order she joined, without consulting licr parents, in 1S40, and ultimately took the vow." She had too much good sense and individuality for a convent. "God alone knows," ' she wrote soon after she had taken the vows, " how excessively hard I find the giving up of all per sonal freedom. How often I have to seek help at the large chapel crucifix in order to hear from the Saviour's lips that Ho is not held a prisoner there by the sharp nails, hut by His infinite love to humanity. " Her heart," says her reviewer, went beyond, and, throughout lier life, rebelled against, the heartless formalism by which she was controlled. She had, in fact, that most fatal of consciences — a Church conscience, which was always in conflict with her personal con- scionco; She was <t Catholic, but Christ, and humanity in Him, were more than Pope's council's or ultimately creeds. Sister Augustine lived in that growing time of ours — felt more on the Continent than here, because its influences were more personal — when the new relation of the State to the Church in Germany were under arrangement, and when afterwards, the Encyclical came, and the (Ecumenical Council, and the vote of Infalli bility. Her intellect was active aud enquiring, her judgment as nearly unbiassed as that of one in her position could be, and she took sides altogether against the new claims. When she was appointed, which she was very soon, to be the Superior of St. John's Hospital at Bonn, a position which she occupied almost to her death, she became on the most intimate terms with _ many well-known Protestants, Perthes especially. To them, as well as to some few in her own communion, she expressed her opinions very plainly. Her biographer says : — She loved the deep religious experience which she met with in Protestant life aud literature ; she was especially fond of some of the Protestant Church hymns, which she knew by heart, and which she was in the habit of repeating 'as prayers during the celebration of the Mass. . . She once said, "When I speak of liking Protestantism, I do not mean the protest- ing and negative, bnt rather the positive element which -it has." . Accordingly, she preferred the old Lutheran form of Protestantism, with which she has become acquainted through - friends in Bonn, and more especially in Schleswig-Holstein, to all others. ; work at Bonn extended from 1S49 to 1872\. .It was that of superintendent of the: nurses and of the dispensary. She . was not, in any. of her. work, . of the usual nun order, She ' laughed, chatted and told' anecdotes ; made herself thoroughly - agreeable, exciting no little Bnrprise amongst those who had the conventional ideas respecting the reservo and the sadness - of her Order.' Her skill as an administrator, and a nurse was great, and it was in consequence- of this sho was sent for when the Schleswig War of 1S64 broke , out. She followed the Prussian army to the -front, and did her heavy work amongst the wounded and the dead on the battlefields/She weut also to Bohemia' for hospital work in the Prusso-Austrain war. Here she - broke down and sowed .the seeds . of fatal disease. - But she returned to Bonn ; threw herself ' again - into- work,- ami especially tried, after the declaration - of infallibility, to keep thoBo who objected - to' th'e now doctrine up to the mark. ; By-and-by, however, somebody informed ' against Sister Augustine, It was said that she was not orthodox. The Superiors of the Society at once came down, and the following scene ensued— she, was then oh her dying-bed : — - .At, the end of October -the Mistress of the noviceB from Treves arrived, demanding, in the name of the Lady Superior,' an- explanation of her; views with regard to the Infallibility, adding that the Lady Superior had : not the slightest doubt of her having given her adherence to this dogma, but that she could not help feeling a little anxious. In reply to this she answered, calmly and firmly, that she felt no anxiety whatever re garding the dogma, as she decidedly did 'not believe -in it.' She had never for a moment felt uncertain about it, and now in the-face of death,' her opinions were more decided than ever. Greatly alarmed, the Mistress' of the novices proceeded to inquire whether or no she believed in. the, Immaculate Conception of the Virgin. " No," replied Sister Augustine, " as a dogma I do not believe in that either." She further asserted that she would hold fast to the Catholic faith until death, in which -she had been born and brought up, to which she had faithfully adhered all her life, and which had comforted her and supported her under all circumstances ; she would, however, never con sent to new doctrines being forced upon her. The Mistress of the novices then returned to Treves. After having made this confession of her faith she felt extremely happy. She afterwards told how forcibly the words of the Lord had been recalled to her memory — " When they bring you unto the synagogue and unto magistrates, and powers, take ye no thought how or what thing ye shall answer, or what ye shall Bay ; for the Holy Ghost will teach you in the same hour what ye ought to say." She had not taken time for long reflection, but had answered according to what was uppermost in her heart, and she felt that she had answered rightly. She awaited the fnture and the conse quences of her open confession withont fear. Without any previous announcement, the Ladies Superior of Nancy and Treves arrived at the hospital on the 7th of November, and abruptly entered the sick-room, where Sister Augustine, who had just risen, sat breathless and exhausted. Without any attention being paid to her helpless condition, she was peremptorily ordered to give a confession of her shefaith : this did calmly as before, refusing to accept the time offered her for consideration. On being told that with such views she could no longer, be permitted to remain in the hospital, - she answered, "If you set me ont in the street, some one' or other will surely pick me up." She was then formally deposed, the Lady Superior adding, " We cannot keep an heretic in the Order." The duty of announcing throughout the hospital the deposition of tho beloved "Mother," and the nomination of Sister Immanuel, Elizabeth von Biogeleben, as Superior fell on Sister Gertrude, who had been for many year3 Sister Augustine's faithful friend, and it proved almost too much for her ; weeping, she proclaimed her errand, aud the inmatesrespouded with tears and sobs. The confusion and distress iu the hospital were indescribable ; some wept and mourned whilst others gave vent to their wrath in angry words and harsh remarks against the French Superior aud her companions. - One of the Sisters, a hardy peasant girl, observed in thefirat burst of her grief : "They may set a Superior down upon us, but they can never give us a ' Mother.' " The poor people and the domestic servants were seen standing about in groups in the lobbies, earnestly talking over and discussing the unexpected event, until the appearance of the strange Sisters dispersed them. Sister Augustine was much agitated by the heartless, and even violent, manner in which she had been treated, without any regard being paid to the severe illness under which she was labouring, And yet she grieved more for the Church than for herself ; she had an example in her own experience of the way the doctrine of the Infallibility _ was being forced on it, and she was constrained to cry with tears. "OGod, what have they done with Thy Church ? " She lingered some time after this, but perse cuted from day to day by nuns,, bishops, priests, to retract her confession. Then, she was refused the sacraments ; no priest could hear her con fession,, and she- was denied Christian burial. She knew that all this would come. She went away to Vallendar after thirty-two years' service in her Order. "After all," she said, "I am foolish.to be so sad. I have got Christ, and that is:enough." -This was the last scene : — Dr. Kochling, who had been sent for, thought her much worse. Sister Gertrude said to him, " If you think there is danger, doctor, say so, \- for the Superior wishes to know the truth." "In that case,". he replied, turning to Sister Augustine, " I must acknowledge that you are threatened with congestion of the lungs ; in all probability, you have only another hour to live." Somewhat surprised, Sister Augustine said, As soon a3 that ?" then, taking both his nands in hers, she. added joyfully, " Thank you,, thank you 1 How glad I am that I soon shall be with God ; He will be a milder Judge to me than men have been 1" ... . She had some . violent spasm, and remarked to Sister - Hegwig,:- "Dying is indeed no easy matter!'-'. Both Sisfcors had knelt , down .at. herjbedside, weeping,, and -repeating the commendatory prayers. _ Sister Augustine made the responses .in, a;, distinct , -voice.--... With perceptible joy she prayed tho words— . - : ." Lord Jesus I live to Thee, t ; Lord Jesus I die to Tliee," She' 'then" exclaimed several times,' 'wistfully, "Comq, Lord' Jesus !" ; f " , ; So lived and so died Sister Augustino,' faithful to her - work, faithful' to her Lord unto death, and therefore — excommunicated. — Nonconfor mist. ; - 