. PIOUS FRAUD. We would invite our readers' attention to a ! remarkable attempt made by some theologians of the Roman Catholic Church to eive Scriptural countenance to the lead- ing doctrines of Romanism, and confute Protestantism out of the Bible. The absence of any passage in the New Testament in which either purgatory, the sacrifice of the mass, the distinction between latria or Bupreme worship, and dulia or inferior worship, or the distinction between mortal or venial sins, was men tioned, wsb naturally strongly relied on by: the Protestant Reformers, in the lflth and .. 17 th centuries. . The French people, who were always more inquiring and free than their Italian and Spanish neighbours, could scarcely be successfully, prevented from consulting the Scriptures . for them selves; and a variety of translations ' into, French had, from time to time, been pub lished, the principal of which were those of Antwerp, in 1530, and reprinted in 1534, and that edited by Amelote, first published with notes in 1666, and afterwards with out notes in 1686. All those translations and editions of the French Testament, though very imperfect, were, however, felt on the whole, to be anything but favour able to the Roman Catholic party, in opposing the growth of Protestantism ; and it, no doubt, was thought advisable to give to the French people a version in their vulgar tongue, which would correct this defect in all existing versions, and preserve the people from the taint of heresy. This important and remarkable book was pub lished ut Bordeaux, by Jacques Mongiron Millanges, and we shall presently state under what authority. First, however, let us give a few examples of its mode of translation, as contrasted with the Douay Testament published in Ireland, with the approval of all the Irish Roman Catholic bishops, in 1829, and the more modern translation of thedRight Rev. F. Pi Kenrick, Roman Catholic Bishop of Philadelphia, New York; 1851 :— / 1.-I Corinth., iii.,. 15 (Douav version). — " If< any man's work burn, he shall suffer losSi;.but he himself shall be saved, yet so bj fire." (Bishop Kenrick's . vorsion). — " If, any man's: works buru, he shall suffer loss ; but he himself shall be saved, yet as by fire." (Bishop Kenrick explains the passage in a note, p. 253 — "As a man escaping through the . fire." St. Chyrsostom's opinion on this passage was the same. . ; Now for the Bordeaux Testament, p. 52 (1 Cor. iii. 15)— "Si l'ceuvre de quelqun bf31e; il en portera la perte, mais il sera sauve quant a lui, ainsi tontefois comme par le feu du Purgatoire." <:i/' : any man's work burnhe shall bear the loss ; but he himself shall be saved, yet as by the fire of Purgatory." ! , Acts oe the Apostles xiii. 2 (Douay version) — " And as they were -ministering to the Lord, and fasting, the Holy Ghost said to them : Separate me Saul and Barnabas for the work whereunto I have taken them." Bishop Kenrick— " And as they were ministering to the Lord, and fasting, the Holy Ghost said to them : Separate me Saul and Barnabas for the work whereunto I have taken them." What says the Bordeaux, p. 36 ? — Acts xiii. 2—" Or comme ils olfroient au Seig neur le sacrifice de la Messe, et quits jeunoient le S. Esprit le'ur die ; Separez moy Saul et Barnabd pour lteuvre anquel je les ay destinez." " And as they were offering to the Lord the sacrifice of the Mass, arid fasting, <fcc., &o.; ' How conclusive must such passages have been! to the simple-minded readers of the French Testament, who sought in the Word of God a confutation of Protestant heresy, and proof from Holy Scripture of Purga tory and the sacrifice of the mass, being among the apostolical doctrines of primitive Christianity. Not less so the following :— 1 Timothy iv. 1 (Bordeaux. Testament, p. 192)— ' Or l'esprit dit claireirient, ques derniers temps, quelqueauns se separerout de la foy Romaine s adonnaus eux esprits d' erreur, and aux doctrines eriseignees par des diables. V. 2-7-Disans 'de'ehoses fari- sess .par hypocfisie, ayans aussi la con science, cuuterhde. V. 3 — Condamnans le sacrament de mariage, , l'abstinence des alimens que Dieu a crees pour les fidelles, ifcc." . " Now, the spirit says clearly; that in the laBt times some shall separate; themselves from the Roman. Faith, giving themselves up to spirits of error and to doctrines taught by .devils, speaking lies in hypocrisy, and having their consciences seared ; condemning the sacrament of marriage, and abstinence from meats, which God has created," &c.; See now and compare the Douay version — "Now the spirit manifestly saith, that in the last times some shall depart from the faith, (fee. .... forbidding to marry, to abstain from meats," &c.; Bishop Kenrick follows the Douay version in this passage, but freely admits, in the note (see p. 463), that the passage ought to run forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats, as things unlawful ; but in neither the Douay nor Bishops Kenrick's version is there a hint either as to the separation being from the Roman faith, or marriage being a sacrament, or that the apostacy of the latter times .was to consist in con demning the sacrament, and ..not the practice o marriage.; , Twp| other examples will suffice : — lJoh nvl 7— ( Do uayTestament) — "All iniquity is sin. And there is a sin unto death." (Bishop Kenrick) — "Every iniquity is siri ; and there is a sin unto death." Bordeaux Testament, p. 292. — Tout iniquite est peche, mais il y a quelque peclie qui nest pas mortel, mais veniel." " All iniquity is sin ; but there is sin which is not mortal, but venial." Luke iv. 8., — (Douay version)— " And Jesus answering said to him, It is written : Thou shalt adore the Lord thy God, and Him only shalt thou serve." (Bordeaux Testament) — " Serviras de latria a lui seul." " And him only shalt thou serve with latria !" . What a convenient and conclusive mode of settling the controversy with heretics ! For if this French Testament was published by sufficient authority, and certified to be a correct translation, what Frenchman could doubt that the alleged reformers had perverted and garbled the Holy Scriptures, by wickedly excluding from their copies and translations all mention of purgatory, the sacrifice of the mass, the holy Roman faith, sacrament of marriage, venial sin, or the distinction between supreme and inferior worship, — the Latria and Dulia of the Church of Rome — all of which were thus distinctly and expressly nbentioned in the authorised French version, though now we Bee - them equally .omitted from the most authentic of the Roman Catholic versions of the Holy Scriptures. Let us naw inquire by whom was this French translation made, and- by what authority published and attested. ) . Let the volume speak for itself. ; We give the following translation,, with the original French in the note. The title is as follows :— "The new Testament of our .Lord Jesus Christ, translated from Latin into French, by the Theologians of Louvain. Printed at Bordeaux, by James Mongiron Millanges, Printer to the King and the College 1686, with approbation and per mission." Then follows the approbation which is as follows : — "We, the undersigned Doctors in Theology, Jof the University of Bordeaux, the present French version of the Latin New Testament, revised and approved of by the Church of Rome, made by the Doctors Theologians of the University of Louvain, revised and approved by several Doctors of Theology of the University of Bordeaux, attest that the present French version of the Latin New Testament, revised and approved by several Doctors of Theology of the University of Pans, and several times printed by the permission of Superiors, is very useful for all those who shall be able to read it with the permission of their Superiors. In faith whereof we have signed this present attestation at Bordeaux, this 11th February, 1661. Lopes. " Theological Canon of the Metropolitan Church " Germain Carme." Then is added the following " permission. - " We, Louis D'Anglure de Bburleiriont, by the Grace of God and of the Holy A postolic See, Arch bishop of Bordeaux, Primate of Aquitane, permit the widow of James Mongiron Millanges to print the New Testament of our Lord Jesus Christ, translated froria Latin into French, revised and exactly corrected. Given at Bordeaux, in our Archiepiscopal Palace, this 17tb July, 1686, " Louis, Archbishop of Bordeaux, " By order of his Grace, Cosson, Secretary." . Lo Nouveau Testament de notre Seigneur Jesus Christ, traduit de Latin en Francois par les Theolngions de Louvain. A Boiirdeaux chez Jacques Mongiron Millanges .Impriuieur du Roy . et du Collego, 1086, aveo approbation et per mission. Nous soubs-sigries Docteurs en Theologie de l'Universite de Bordeaux attestons que la prcsente version Francoise du Nouveau v Testa ment Latin reveu et approuvd de L'Eglise Catliolique Apostolique et Roinain faite par les Docteurs Theologiens de l'Universite de'Louvain reveu et approuve par plusiers Docteurs du, Theologie de l'Universite de, Paris, et par la permission des Superiere plusieurs fois imprimee est tresutile a toua ceux qui avec permission des Superieurs, serout capables de la lire. Eri foy deqaoy avons signe la presente attestation. A- Bordeaux ce 11. Fevrier, 1661. , < , Lobes. Chanoirie Theologal de l'Eglise Metropolataine, ' Germain Carme. permission . Louis D'Anglure de Bourlemont par la Grace de Dieu et du Saint Siege Apostolique Archevuquc de Bordeaux. Primat d'Aquitaine nous pcrinettons a la Veuve de G. de la Court Here, then, we have the three Roman Catholic universities of Louvain,Paf&K; and- Bordeaux, aniL'the Archbishop- of: tjfa latter city,, and Primate- of'"- Aquitainb;, attesting arid approving of this translation, as carefully revised, and exactly correct !' What higher authority could any pious Frenchman desire, and who could dream of, or suspect the pious frauds by which such daring interpolations could alone have been introduced or excused ? Pirire Simon, in his " Critical History of the Versions of the New Testament," gives us an amusing anecdote of Monsieur Veron, the controversialist, who, being asked why he translated the passage, Acts xiii. 2, " the sacrifice of the Mass, naively replied by giving the reason — " Que les Calvinistes lui avoint souvent demandri en quel lieu de l'Ecriture il etoit marquri que les Apotres eussent dit la Messe!"— " That the Calvinists had often asked him in what part of the Scripture it was stated that the Apostles had ever said Mass !'' To get out of which difficulty, we presume, controversy had taught him no readier or simpler means, than that of manufacturing a translation for the purpose, and fortified by no less than the theologians of three great universities, and a Primate Arch bishop, we can scarcely bo surprised if the expedient was for a time a successful one. After this, will it be boasted that the Roman Catholic Church have been : ;the only faithful preservers and guardians of the Divine oracles? and do : we act uncharitably when we warn our readers against guides so unscrupulous ? We do notassei-t that all Roman Catholic bishops are capable of such barefaced dishonesty ; but we do say to our readers, as a mail loves h I own soul, let him take care how he implicitly, and without inquiry, trusts a Church that will tolerate universities arid archbishops who, by way of pious fraud, dare: to falsify the Word of God at this rate. Any man may honestly make a mistake in translating, or transcribing, a will ;: but :who would trust one who could deliberately add to, or forge, testaments or deeds ? Surely it is not piety, but. wicked ness, to corrupt the holy oracles of God, to serve a turn. After this, we think no one need be much surprised at the interpola tions and forgeries which have been circulated, under high authority, among writings of the Fathers, and the epistles of the Popes, much less at the perversions, by modern controversialists, of passages from such writers as Bishop Jeremy. Taylor and Sir Edward Sandys — ) which we have already noticed more than once in our pages — and which we feel assured no Roman Catholic, of education or principle; would willingly countenance, whatever, the objeect aimed at by such fraud, be it pious or otherwise. . i i' 