DESTRUCTIVE FIRE IN SYDNEY. [Abridged from the Sydney Morning Herald of January 12. A fire, which has resulted in the destruction of a very large amount of valuable property, occurred this morning in Barrack-street. Soon after midnight flames were discovered in the wareoouse of M. uecnet, general importer, situated dote to the Savings Bank (from which bnfldiogit is separated by a> space of about six or eight feet), the Daily Tdegraph office adjoin ing Uie premises oa the other side. By the time the firemen arrived and got toiwork the fire bad obtained such bold of the building and its con tents, and was burning so furiously, that there was no hope of saving any portion of the pro perty. The grandeur of the scene, as the flames rolled out of every window and hole, and from the roof of tbe spacious building, equalled that of die VietoriaTheatreonthenight it succumbed to a similar fate. The flames shot high into the air, and showers of sparks were carried by the wind for some considerable distance. The roofs of the buildings adjoining 11. Bechet'a establishment were just catching fire from tbe shower of sparks rained upon them when the hose was taken through tbe Daily Tdegrapk office, and tbe incipient flames were quenched. Shortly before 1 o'clock tbe burning building presented a grandly terrible eight. The stone walls stood firmly, though the slate roof had enmbled and fallen in; and through the aper tures in it could be seen great rafters reddening into charcoal, while the burnt ghosts of chande liers swayed to and fro, and nowand thenagreat beam would tall, like a giant torch. Cracks opened in the outer walls; and once or twice a panic seised the crowd—a panic which, owing to the presence of the police, only re sulted in a little crushing and swaying, bat which otherwise might have been the death of more than one. The wind was in the east, and so the sparks fell for the most part harm less, but still anxiety for the safety of the sur roundmg buildings lasted, until at 2 ajn. the fire was got well under. Consternation was great, as might have been expected, in the Ttlegntph office. Tbe oompeeitors' frames and eaces were removed, and owing to the confusion it was for a little KoMdiffioalt to say whether tbe paper would be issued to-day. Subsequently tbe usual work of a newspaper office was carried on almost as if no great fire was raging in the immndista vicinity. Mr. Beehet's warehouse was completely gutted, and as floor after floor, laden heavily with expensive and inflammable goods, sank down to preserve the blase which, bursting forth at every opening, drew together the enormous crowd which thronged fork. Barrack, and George streets, exclamations of admiration rose freely from those assembled. At half-past 1 o'dock a smart shower fell, and this, seeing that the building was completely gutted, enabled the firemen to get the flunes under, until, at 2 a.m., bare not walls surround ing a great mass of smouldering debris showed tbat the fight was over, and that tbe Savings Bank and she many warehouses near at hand wen safe. 