CELESTIAL SYMPATHY, . BY IÎKV. T. DEWITT TALMAGH. '* Likewise there ia joy in Heaven nmongtke angolB of God over ono Binuer that repantoth, mora than over ninety and nino just persona who need no repen tance"-ST. LUKE, XV-t 7. A lost sheep. Nothing can be more thoronghly lost. I look through the window of a shepherd's house at night. Tho candlea are lighted. Tho ßhepherd hajj just plaoed hia BtcfT . against tho mantel. Ho haB taken off his coat, shaken ont of it the dust, and hung it up. I seo by the candle light that thora aro neighbours who have como in. The shepherd, fagged out with tho long tramp, sita down on a bench, and tho wifo and the children and tho neighbours say .to him : " Come, now, toll us how you found tho poor thing." " Woll," ho says, " this rooming I went out to the yard to look af tor tho flock. Nb sooner had I looked over the lenco than I saw something wrongr. The fact was they cid not oonnt right. Ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven, ninety-eight, ninety-niue only ninety-nine. M'Donald, you know wo had a hundrod, and I vrondorod which ona was frone, and where it was gone, and I began again, and I counted ninety- five, ninety-six, ninety-seven, ninety-eight, ninety-nine." Woll, I whistled np tho dogs, and I started on tho fiolda and across the bridges, and. I traoked tho moora and I leaped the gullios, but no bleating of tho poor thing did I hear. 1 said to myself! 'Tho lamb muat have fallen into, a ditch and broken its nosk, or a ps ck of wolves from tho mountain innot havo tom it to piocos and sucked its lifo out." But I oould not givo it np. You see it was a pat lamb. It was that ono with the bhvok spot on tho rigbt shoulder that used to coma and lick my hand as I crossed tho field, and somehow I oould not givo it up. So I went on; and on, until after a whilo I heard tho dogB bark, and I'said, 'What's that?' Then I hastened to the top of tho hill, and I looked down, and there I saw the. poor lamb. It had fallen into tho oitoh, and no I oame where it was and bent over the ditch, and stooped down to lilt the poor thing out, I wish you could have seen tho loving, and imploring, and tender way it looked at mo. I lifted it out, and it was all oovoreawith tba slush and the mud. It was an awful thing to do, but I lifted it out, and it was so lame and BO weak it oould not walk alone, BO I threw it on my shoulders, and I started homeward, and tho condition of that lamb you may judge of from the coat I have just hung up. But I tramped on, and on, until it is safo in the yard, poor thing. Thank God, thank God !" Then tho shephord's wife spread tho table and brought out the best fare that tho cabin could afford, and they sat up vory lato that nightj-and thoy talked, and they laughed, and they sang, and thoy ate, and thoy drank, and they danood, and they told over, and ovor, and over again the story of tho lost Bhoep that was found. With suoh tenderness and rusticity of illustration does Christ represent tho sinner's goicg off and tho sinner's coming back, when ho says: "Likewise thero is joy in Heaven among tho angsls of God ovor ono sinner that repenteth, more than ovor ninety and nine just persons that neud no repentance." To repent is to fool th&t; you are bad, and to bo Horry aboutit, and to turn over a now loaf, and to pray fer forgiveness and help. Just as soon as a man docs that they hear right away of it in Heaven. There aro no gossips in glory going round to chattur and langk when a man falls, but thero are many souls in «3ory who aro glad to mn about and tell it when a man ia saved. The news goes very quick from gato to gato, and from north wall to south wall, and fiona east wall to west wall, and in three minutes ovory oitizon of Heaven has hoard of it, for * ' thero ÍB joy in Heaven among tho angels of God over ono sinner that ropontetb." I can vory easily understand how there should bo joy in Heaven ovor a Pentecost with throe thousand «souls in ono day-no mystery about that; I can understand how there should bo joy in Heaven over tho parish of Schotts when four hundred soul» were saved under ono sermon from Mr. Livingston ; I oan understand how thero ehould be joy in Hea den ovor tho groat awakening in tho time of Harland Pago, when in one year 473,000 BOUIB were brought to God in tho United States : I oan understand very easily how thero should be jov in Heaven ovor 500,000 souls souls oon vortedin 1857 in this conntiy ; but mark you, my text announces thatthoro is joy in Heaven among tho angelsof God over one, just one sinner thatrepentoth. Some oathernla havo oae tower, some cathedrals have two, three, four towers. Did yon ever hear them all ring at once? I am told that tho bell in the cathe dral of St. Paul rings only on rare occasions ; for, inBtanoe, at the death »r birth of a king. Have you scon a oathedral with four towers ? and have yon heard tho» all Btrike into ono groat chime of glad ness P Horo ia a man who is moral. He is an example to a great many professors of religion in sotno things ; ho never did a moan thing in his life ; he pays all his debts, and ia a good citizen and a good neighbour ; but ha says ho is not a Christian. Some day the Holy Suirit oomoo into his heart, and he seos that he cannot depend upon his morality for salvation. Ho says " O Lord God, I have beon depending upon my good works ; I find I am a sin ner, and I want Thy salvation. Lord, for Jeana's sako, have moroy on me." And God pardons him, and immediately ono of the towers nf Heaven strikes a silvery ohimo, for thero are four towera to the hoavonly temple. Hore is a man that is bad. He knows he is bad, and everybody elsoknews he is bad; but ho is not an outcast-far from being an outoast. He moves in respectable oiroloB. But one day, by the power of the Holy Ghost, he rontoa up to seo his sinfulness, and no aays, "O Lord, have mercy! I am a wanderer, and without Thee I perish. Havo mercy I'T God hoars him, and immediataly two of the towers of Heavon strike a ßilvery ohimo. But hore is an outoast. He was piokod up last night out of tho guttor and oarried to tho police station. Ho has been in the ponitontiáry threo timos. He is co-« vored and soaked with loathsomeness and abomina tion. Arousing from his debauch, be cries out, "O Lord God, have meroy on me ! Thou who didst pardon tho ponitont thief, hoar my cry for meroy." And tho Lord listens and pardonB, ana nb sooner is tho poor wretoh pardoned than throo bf tho great towera of Heaven strike up a silvery ohimo. Brit horo is a waif of the street. She passes under tho gaslight, and your BOO! ehuddorp with » great horror. No pity for lier. No commiseration for her. Aa Bu« passes down tho street abo hoara a song in a mid* night mission, and as sha listona to that song ena, hears- , ? ;i All tnay come, whoever will, ?' This wau receives poor sinners still.- ,- , J Sha puts into that harbour, she kneels by tho rough bench near tho door, abo Bays : " O, Lord, Thon who), didst havo morey on Mary Magdalen, take my bliatorcd feet off of the rod-hot pavement of hall.'* God Baja: "My daughter, thy sins aro forgiven theo ; go in pasco." Now all tho fonr towers ,o2 Heaven strike a silvery ohinio, and they who paea through tho colostial streets ory, " What'n thatP Whyi tho worst sinner mnat bara been saved ! Pleat nil the four towera ring and ring and ring! " " And there is joy in Hoavon anions: the angela of God oves one sinner that repontotk." ¡ My subject impresses yon, I think, with tbs thought that it ia possible for ns to augment tho happiness of Heaven. People think that sonia before tba throne aro RB happy as thoy oan be. 1 deny it. Look afc that mother before tho throne of God, When ßho died oho loft her Bon in thia world a vaga bond. That son repented of hia iniquities and carno to God. Tho report of that salvation has reached Heaven. Do yon tell mo that that mother before the? throne of God has not liar joy riohly augmented? Thero is many a man in thia houoo to-day who ooulci go out with a torch and kindle a new bonfire of vic tory on the billa of Heaven. If you would thia day, repent and como to God, the news of your aalva* tion wonld roach Heaven, and then, hark to tho shout of tho ransomed ! Your little ohild went away from you into the (rood land. While sho waa here you brought her all kinda of beautiful,presenta. Sometimes you oame homo Rfc nightfall with yous, pockets full of gifts for lier, and no eooner did you,, put your night-key into tho latch than sho began at you, saying, " Father, what have you brought meP'*. She is now before the throne of God. Can you bring ker a gift to-day p You may. Coming to Christ ano! repenting of sin, the tidiiifrs will go np to thethrona of God, and your ohild will hear of it. Oh ! what a.. gift for ho* soul to-day. She will skip with new gladness on the everlasting hills when she heara of. it. I was at Sharpaburg- euring tho war, and ona day I caw a sergeant dash past on a lathered horse, tho blood dripping from the spurs. I Baid : " That . sergeant must! bo coing on a vory importait message-he must be-; carrying a very important despatch, qv ho wouldn't ride like that." Here are two angels of God flitting through the house, flitting toward the throne on quick doapatoh. What m tho new a ? Carrying up tho ßfcory of nonls repentant »r.d forgiven, carrying tha nows to tho throne of. God, carrying-the nows to your; kindred vrtio aro tor ever saved. Oh 1 *' there is jovi an Heaven among thft angola of God ovoc. ono sinner that roponteth." And suppose this whole, anciionoo ehonld turn to the Lord, this morning r" Heaven would bo filled with doxologies. Oh ! Heavon¿ beat with all thy hämmern, that the rook may break, Oh! Heaven, strike with all thy gleaming nworda,' that.our Bonlo may be tree. «-as reading bf a king,, who, af tor gaining a gr eut victory, aaid to his army; " Now, no shouting. Let every thing bo quiet. Na shouting." But if this 'raorninff your soul should, oomo to God, nothing could atop tho shouting of the armies of God boforo the throne ; for " thoro is joy in Heaven amon« the engels of God over ono Binney that roponteth." In some families they keep a... vaoant chair and a vacant pinte for the departed L but if in some of your households you kept a vacant».; chair and a vaoant plate for those who have gone away from you into the next World, tho vaoant chain* and the vacant plates weuld outnumber those which aro occupied. I once enid to you there aro no vacant chairs in heaven, but I recall that. Eight bosidé your beloved ono in that ¡rood land thoro is a vaeantt ohair, not made vacant hy e*eath, foi* doath never entora tboro. If; is a vaoant ohair for you. Will yow take it ? My subject also impresso« mo with the idea that. Heaven and earth are in dose sympathy, Peoplo> talk of Heaven as though it wero a great way off. They say it ÍB hundreds of thousands of milos boforo. yon reach tho first star, »nd then you go hundreds of thousands of miles before you reaoh the second star, and then it is millions of miles before you reach Heaven. They say Heaven is the centre of tho uni verse, and we aro on tke rim of tho ueiverse. Thafe. is not tho idea of my toxfc. I think the heart of Hoavcn baats very oloao to our world. We measure cÍ8taneos by the time taken to traverso thoae dis.» tanooa. It used to bo a long- distanco to San Fran* cisoo. Many weeks and months wore passed before you could reaoh that oity. Now it is seven days* It used to bo six weeks boforo you could voyage'from boro to Liverpool. Now you oan go» that distance in eight or, nino days. And. BO I measure th« distance hetwoen earth and. Hoaven, and I find it emly a flash. It is one instant here, and another instant there. It is vory near to cay. Doyou notfeeltho breath Heaven on your faoeP Christ Bays in ono place it ia not 24 hours' distanoe,. when Ile saya to th« pemifcent thiof, "Thia day, thia day, shalt thou bo with ms ia paradise." It is not rn day, it is not an hour, it is not a minuta, it is not o, aeoond. Ohl how noar Heaven ia to earth. By ooeanio cable yon send a message Aa it ia expen sive to Bond tho message, yon compresa a great deal of moanins in a few words. Sometimes in two words... you can put vaatmoanise;. A*d it soems to me that' tho angels of God who carry news from earth-to Heaven nood to take np this Morning, in regard to your soul, only two worim in order to kindle with gladness all the rodeemed before tho throne, only two words : " Father saved," K mother saved/f "sou saved," "daughter saved." And "there is joy in Heaven among tho angela of God over ono sinnor that roponteth." l£y subject ala o impresses mo with the f aot that the« salvation of tho soul is «f vast impórtanos. If you" Bhould make lOO.OOOdol. thia year, do you supposo that news would bo oarried to Heaven ? It would, not bo of enough importance» or signifioaneo to boj oairiod heavenward, lt at the next quadrennial election you aro mad« President of tko United States, do you suppose that aewniwould bo carried to Heaven? Do you suppose that the nows of a revolution in Franco or Spain wosld be carried to Hoavon P Those things are not of enough importance. Bab there is one itom that ia sure to bc earriod. It is the salvation of your sonl ; it io your ropontanoe before God. Tho flying hoofs of God's courier! slash through the gates, a»d the news goea from gate to mansion, and from mansion to templo, and from temple to throno, and "thero ia joy in Hoavon among the angels of God over ono sinner forgiven." 1$. muBt bo of vaofe importanoo to be of any moment in. Heaven-your salvation- in that land whore glad nesses aro the everyday ooourrenoo ; in that land where the common stones of the field aro jasper, and orner old, and ohryaoprasaua, aad carbuncle, and1 anrdonyx. And yot the nows of your salva» tion makea joy before tho throno of God. ïoù; remember, four or flvo years ago, a Btago- driver in tho "White Monntaino beo&nio; very rookleaa. He had a largo number of passengers, on the ntajo, and tho ötftgo was drawn by six horses, wild and un« governable, and ho drovo near tho precipice,, and, ho dravo off-the stago, -with ita precious freight» ¿oiling down the embankment ; and many wera £lain, but few wera Bared. I suppose, when they arroto home, they wrote with congratulation at their Eeaoue. The angels of God look down, and they see len' driving on the edgo of (treat preoipioes of ruin and dangar, drawn by wild, leaping, foaming, and mngovernable perils in this life ; and if any shall esoape before they oapsizo, do you suppose the anjelB of God rejoice, crying, *' Good, good ! Savud 1 from Bin, saved from death, laved from hell, aaved for ever?" Will there be news this day in Heaven of your salvation? I stand hora and plead for your immortal soul, the soul for which Jesus died. What a rast work is this soul-saving, if really the Íedemption of one immortal spirit makes joy before he throne. Th« Supreme Court of th« United States doss sot adjourn for anything; trifling. It must he the death of a Cahinet Minister, or the death of a President, or somejnattar of very great moment. When I find all Haaren adjourning ita other joys for this ono joy, I make up say mind it is of very great impórtanos if Heaven oan afford to adjourn all other festivities to oelebrato this ose triumph. . Do you wonder that so many of these Christian people have toiled night and day in this work of aoul-Sftving, if it ia of snoh vast importance-P Do you wondar that Nettleton, and Finley, and Bishop Asbury, and John WeBley, and George Whitfield, and Pauli and angels, and Christ, and God stripped themselves for the work? Around that ona soul Oiroles the mist, tho fire, tho darkness, the joy, the anthem, the wailing, tho hallelwjah, aad the woe of God's universe. If the soul perish, then all hell beats its gongs of terror and despair. If the soul ia ". saved, then lip comes to trumpet, and nagora to harp j and hammer to bell, and there is joy among the angels of God over that ona son! forgiven. For.snoh a soul I plead thia morning. Having found in my own experience that this roligion is a oomforfc and: a joy, I stand here to \- commend it to you. In the days of my infancy I was carried by Christian parents to «ha house of God, and oonseoratsd in baptism to tho Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost; but that did not aaveme. In after time, I was taught to kneel at the Christian family altar with father and mother, and brothers and sisters, the most of thom now in glory ; but that did not save me. In after tim» I read Doddridso's " Rise And Progress," and Baxter's " Call to tho Un converted," and all the rolifiouB booka around my fathers household, but that did not aaveme. But one day the voice of Christ carno into my heart, say ing, I " Repent, repent, boliovo. believe," and I ac cepted the off er of mercy, and, though no doubt there waa more joy in Heaven over the conversion of other souls because of their far-reaohing influence, I verily believe when I gave my heart to God there were ¿orne spirits in Heaven the gladder for the deed. "There is joy in Heaven among the angels of God over one sinner that ropenteth." Turn this day to the Lord who.bought you. Let this whole audienoe gurrender themselves to Jesus Christ. If for ten, twenty,.fifty years you have not prayed, begin now to pray, " Oh !" you say, *. I can't pray." Can yon not Bay, "-God be maroifulto ms, a sinner?" " No," you say, " I can't say that." Then can yon not look : tip to tho throne of mercy? " No," you say, " I can't "lookup." Can you not, then, give soma signal like that whioh was given by the lad in the hospital? \- He was Biok and. suffering and dyinpr, and wanted speedily to go away from all suffering and pain, and he said to his eomrades in the hospital, "It is strange to mo that Jeana doesn't see me when Ho goes through here nights and takea others to himself; Ho ROOS through hore, and He doesn't soe ne., I must be asleep, and He doesn't know I want togo. Now, I tell you how I'll arrango it. I'll go to sleep with my hand up, and then when Jesus comes through tho hospital by night He will seo my hand lifted, and He will know by that 1 want to go with Him." So it was dono. For that night Jesus went through tho hospital, and took tho suffering lad, and tho next morning tho nurse, passing through the wards of the hospital, saw a dead hand lifted, braced on ono side against the pillow, the left hand .^holding the elbow of the right arm. Jeana had seen the signal and answered it. Oh ! eiok sonl, wounded . saul, dying soul, canst thou not give some signal ? Wilt thou not lift one hand, or ona prayer? God grant that this day there may be joy in Heaton among the angels of God over your soul forgiven ! \- The Marine Board finds that the master of the Civility iB to blame for the reoent collision between that vessel and the Illawarra. \- ? ",'A fatal accidont oocnrred on Taesday at Burwood Station to aquarryman named Thomas Wm. Nolan, aged 43 years, living at Concord, who had boon attend ing hia lodge and was returning hom« about 10 o'clock, and having to cross the railway line at tho station, instoad of passing over ky th» footbridge be walked aoroBs the line without noticing an approach ing train, which strsok him on tho head and knocked him down. Ho was pinked up in an insensible condi tion, and taken to the Infirmary by P. C. Chater, and admitted by Dr. Baly. On examination it was feoad that he was suffering from two lacerated wonnds of the Bcalp, one over the frontal and the other near the oooipital rogion, fracture of threoriba, and injury to the, lungs., He waa alao aufforing from «kook to tho system, and his condition waB oeasidered by Dr. Marshall, who afterwards Baw him, to be very dangeroua. The unfortunate man died on Thursday. A few wooka ago the Ballarat oity and town counoila were each tho rooipient of a defament written ? in Japanese oharaoters, purporting to bo a letter of thanks from the captain of tho Japanese man-of-war . Ein j lo, which recently visited Port Phillip. Mayor (or rather the late mayor) Robertson has, says «ho " Star," succeeded in obtaining the translation of tho document, which has been done in a highly creditable manner by a yoong min named ."Vrooman, a son of tho Chinese missionary, and who has received his education in Bal larat. The following ia tho literal translation of tho doonment:-Loong Sheung, Japan, 27th day of tho fourth month in the fourteenth year of the reign of Min If ao. In this lotter I soad my reapocta. I write this let tor after my return from Australia. From tho vory first moment I stopped oh Australian soil I was aatoniahei at the longth and breadth of tho land. My astonishment increased as I saw tho many beautiful buildings, tho jtrandonr of which I have nover. before conceived. My pleasure at meet ing with your people was equal to my astonishment at the advanood state of their land, for I found them exceedingly polite and hospitable. Your gold minos aro wondorful in tho extrome, and hore I must thank you moat heartily for jour kindness in leading me through them. The pleasure it gave mo in cruising round yonr beautiful lake in the steam launch was truly great. I enjoyed myBelf the moro because while sweeping along tho wator wo wero ' afforded an opportunity of resting ouraelvos and having a quiet conversation, which I thoroughly enjoyed. Your Kindness in entertaining us with tho \- dinner-a dinner oompoaod of dolioacies unnumbered -ahall never be forgotten j and now, in thia beau tiful soason, I send this lottorwith onr most grato [ul thanks'.-From FOOKB KEB SAI MAB, oaptain or commander, 