WIT & HUMOR. | Nator Iuvs phun ; if sho didn't she never would iiaro made a tnunky. ' Well, miss,' said a knight of the biroh-rod, ' can you decline a kiss ?' ' Yes, Sir,' said tbe girl, dropping a perplexed courtesy, ' 1 can but I bate to most plaguily.' An Iowa farmer says: — 'We raise four hundred bushels of potatoes to tbe acre here, which would be a big tbiug if wc didn't raise insects enough to eat 'em all up.' AN Irisb lad complained tbe other day of the harsh treatment he received from his father. ' He treats mn,' said tbo boy, mournfully, ' as though I waB his sou by another father and mother. ' Mother, you mustn't whip me for running away from szbool auy more.' ' Why not?' ' Cos my school book says that ants are tbe most industrious beings iu the world, aud ain't I a tru-ant ?' ' Augustus, dear,' said she, tenderly pushing bim from her as the moonlight flooded the bay window where they were standing, ' I think vou had better trv some other hair dye ; your moustache tastes like turpentine.' ' I left all my fortune to my wife,' says the philosophic spouse of a Xan tippe, ' on condition that she will marry again.' ' What is that for ?' 'I wish to be sure that there will be some one to regret icy death when I am gone.' A Bailiff having been ordered by Lady Hardwicke to procure a sow oftbe breed and size she particularly described to him, came one day into the drawing room, when full of company, proclaiming with a burst of joy he could not sup press, ' I've been at Royston Fair, my lady, and got a sow exactly of your ladyship's size?' ' Bill, you yoaog scamp, if you bad your due, you'd get a good whippiug.' ' I know it, daddv. but bills are uot always paid when due.' The agonised father trembled lest his hopeful son should be suddtnly snatched frjtn him. It all depends on bow ycu look at these ancestors. One little aristocratic girl was yesterday boasting that her forefathers came over with tbe Pilgrims, when another wee maideo, whose widowed smother bad recently married, said — ' 'Sbaw, go 'long with yonr old duds ; I've got a brand-new father.' 'What is your name?' asked a teacher of a boy. ' My name's Jule,' was the reply ; wberenpou the teacher impressively Slid, 'You should bave said ' Julius, Sir.' ' 'And now, my lad,' turning to another boy, ' What is your name ?' ' Billioup, Sir.' A Cincinnati man found a rougb looking individual in his oellar. 'Who are you?' be demanded. 'Tbe gas man, come to take the metre,' was the reply. ' Great beaveo !' cried tbe householder. ' I hoped you were only a burglar?' — Philadelphia Ledger. A boy, in urging his father, for whom he was a clerk, to join in tbe early-closing movement, was sharply rebuffed, where upon ue saia — i wouian i ue liKe a rat in a trap, auyhow.' ' What do you mean by that ?'' demanded his father. ' I mean,' answered his son, ' that a rat in a trap ib always opposed to the early-closing movement.' No real generous man, remarks an ex change, would, go to a spiritual seance given by a lady medium and, just as the ghost is walking about (while the medium is tied to a cabinet), exclaim : ' There's a rat by the ghost.' It spoils the effect to have the ghost yell and gather up its skirts and run. First man (pleasantly) : ' I made a good bargain yesterday ; 1 bought somo I potatoes at the rate oi 6d. per peck whole sale ; they would cost lOd. retail, and as my family eat balf a peck a day I save 2d. each day.' Second man ; ' Arrah, begor, and so you do ; but if ye'd eat a peck a day y'd be after savin 4d. —Punch. A laughable circumstance took place upon a trial in Lancashire, where the Rev. Mr. Wood was examined as a witness. Upon giving his name, Oltiweii Wood, the Judge, addressing the reverend per son, said : ' Pray, Mr. Wood, bow do you spell your name?' The old gentleman replied : 0 double T, 1 double U, E double L, Double U, Double O, D.' Upon which the astonished lawyer laid down his pen, saying it was the most extraordinary name he had ever met in his life, and, after two or three attempts he declared he was unable to record it. The Court was convulsed with laughter. Bund man, wbo is about to be married, 'I a gie a hunner pund tae see her' — i.e. his wife that is to be. Friend: ' Na doubt ye wad the noo, but wait till ye're marrit — she'll open yer ecn for ye!' A city lady was called upon, in traver sing a forest, to admire tbe freshness, the calm of nature, and tie leafy domes, from whence floated tbe melo dies of a thousand birds. ' Yes,' said she, 'I am as fond as anyone of forests, rivers, and such things, but what a pity that one can never see them except in the country.' A gentleman, nassinc a country church while under repair, observed to one of the workmen that he thought it would bo an expensive job. ' Why, yes,' replied lie, ' but in my opinion we shall accomplish , what our reverend divine lies been endea vouring to do for the last thirty years in vain.' ' What is that ?' said the gentle man. ' Why, bring all tho parish to re pentance.' Homebody in New Milford has found an umbrella, and announces that the owner can have it by calling, which shows con clusively what sort of an umbrella it is. — Daiibttnj Nevis. tl My friends,' cried a coloured preacher, ' a man's character is like a fence — you can't strengthen it by whitewash, though you can cover up the place where it is worm-eaten.' No quality in the character of the true sportsman is more conspicuous than that of generosity. When you meet a man coming borne from sporting he is pretty sure to tell you that he gave his share of the game to tho othei fellows. 