OPENING OF NEWINGTON COLLEGE. The formal opening of Newington College, Stanmore, took place on Tuesday afternoon, and was attended by a largo number of ladies and gentlemen, who assembled in the great hall. Sir Wigram Allen, the Speaker of the Legis lative Assembly, occupied the chair ; and amongst those present were the Rev. Messrs. Gaud, Wilkinson, B. Chap man, M'Credie, Savage, B. Kenny, J. Oram, Sunderland, F. Tait,G. Woolnough, W. Clarke; Dr. Kelynack, Dr. Steel, Dr. Garran; with Messrs. H. Gorman, J. Byrnes, H. C. Fraser, W. Davies, W. Henson, M.L.A.; J. Roseby, M.L.A. ; J. Davies, M.L.A. ; G. A. Lloyd, M.L.A. ; Thomas, Kiss, Read, T. Rowe, and the Mayor of Sydney. Sir Wigram Allen said: My time is very short and my words must necessarily be few. I had great pleasure nearly three years ago in laying one of the corner stones of this beautiful edifice, and I have now still greater pleasure in presiding at its opening. I esteem it an honour to take part in the erection and establishment of this institution, which will confer important and lasting benefit upon tho youth of the country, and must exercise a very beneficial influence upon the Church with which many here present arc associated. I am and always have been a warm sup porter of the Public school system as by law established in this country, and I have spent many years in assisting to administer 'the law ; but I have always considered it the duty of each section of the Christian Church to establish and' support institutions ot this kind. While believing that it is not incumbent upon the State to do more than provide tho means for imparling to the children of this country good secular instruction, using that expression as defined by the Public Schools Act, I as strongly hold that it is the duly of the parent and the Church to supplement that instruction by cultivating the higher and nobler faculties of the child and inculcating sound moral and reli gious truth and doctrine. To effect this purpose is the design of the promoters of this building, combining as it will the advantage of a high school with the comforts of home. And it is satisfactory to know that there are ade quate efficient guarantees for the proper carrying out of this purpose in providing for the youths who may attend this college a good mental training, together with religious in struction and wholesome domestic supervision. The Wes leyan Church in this colony has not in times past neglected its duty to its people in resj-ect of primary or higher schools. For many years it maintained, with aid from the State, several primary schools, most of which have properly been absorbed in the Public schools. For years also there has been maintained, without State-aid a highly creditable and efficient collegiate institution at Newington, at first under the care of the late much-respected Mr. Manton,andsubsequently under the able presidency of our much-loved friend, Mr. Fletcher. This valuable 'school so increased its number that it became necessary to enlarge its borders, and I have no doubt that its efficiency and success will be still further promoted by its removal to this commodious building, which has been erected for its accommodation. Besides this school, it is intended to maintain here a theological institution for the education and training of candidates for the ministry, thus ' satisfying a want which has long been felt and acknow ledged. 1 hope and trust that both institutions may abundantly flourish, and confer lasting benefit on the Church and the country. Sir Wigram Allen's parliamentary duties necessitating . his leaving, the Rev. W. B. Boyce took the chair. The Rev. Mr. Fletchek, the president of the college, read the inaugural address, which was as follows : — 'I have much pleasure in stating that the first scholarship, to be known as the Schofield Scholarship, has been this day founded, Mrs. Schofield having given £1000, the yearly interest on which will provide the scholarship. It need excite no surprise that this college, tligugh occupied in July, I860, receives this its formal opening in January, 1881\. As in our family life the baptismal ceremony is not urually hastened unless the poor baby is moribund, so we may fitly receive 'to-day our official name and recognition, after having continued long enough to miA-p good a place among the living. And here it is right to remember that the impulse to which we owe thin fabric must be traced backwards to July, 1857, when a meet ing was held in York-street church to aid *in tho erection of a denominational college affiliated to the Uni versity. His Excellency Sir William Denison occupied the chair. The meeting was one of great unanimitv and enthu siasm, and the sum of £7329 los was then promised, includ ing a subscription of £20 per annum from the Governor himself. Though that meeting did not accomplish its object, and Wesley College survives only on the calendar of the University, yet indirectly it wrought a great and good work, for without that meeting as a nrovocative and a starting point, this college would certainly not have been standing here to-day. To those gentlemen who consented to pay to the building fund of this college the subscrip tions promised to Wesley College, our grateful acknowledg ments are specially due — and among these especiallv to the Hon. William M' Arthur, the present Lord Mayor of London, and his brother, the Hon. Alexander Macarthur, who not only gave £2000 towards the college, but materially assisted the Rev. Dr. Kelynack in collecting from their friends in England a further sum of £852. But for these surviving sparks and embers from the hearth where the family met 23 years ago our festival blaze to-day would not have been so bright. It wa6 at the suggestion of Mr. E. Webb, of Bathursl, himself a large contributor to the object, that tho attention of the council of Newington College was directed to the land around this build ; as a suitable home for our principal educa tional institution. By the will of the proprietor, the late Mr. Jones, this, with other properly, was, after the death of certain persons who held' a life interest in the same, to be appropriated ' for the further ance of the cause of Wesleyan Methodism in the colony of New South Wales.' After long and careful consideiaiion of the subject by all the district meetings throughout the colony, the recommendation of the council of management was approved, and waB then sanctioned bv the Conference. It was generally agreed that no object could be found large enough to represent colonial, and not merely local interests, and permanent enough in its character to represent those interests for all time, that was more worthy to be entrusted with this generous bequest than the long pro jected college and theological' institution. In the one it was hoped that Christian influence arising out of faith in Christ and in God's Holy Word would accompany for good the instruction of many youths in preparation for commercial and professional pursuits ; and in the other it was intended that the theological students should be thoroughly possessed of the Christian verities which they undertake to teach, as well as competently furnished in whatsoever things qualify the Christian minister of the 19th century to take his place a6 a skilful and cultured, as well as an earnest, worker in that ever-widening field of labour in which public opinion seems to expect him to conjoin the fervour of a seraph with the half-man half-horse physical endurance of the fabled centaur. The actual site of the _ college, including about four acres, with the serviceable cottage at the southern end, was obtained by purchase and paid for in part by subscription. In December, 18G9, the council of management took the first steps towards building. Competitive designs were called for, and a public breakfast meeting was held to raise subscriptions. The result, however, was fear rather than hope. The under taking was felt to be very great, and the foolish builder of the Gospels seemed before our eyes like a ghost of evil aspect, haunting the vacant site at Stanmore for nearly seven vears. In January, 1876, the council determined that the time had come for immediate action, and tenders were called for. On the 18th of Mav, 1878, the building having been raised to the height of the first floor, six memorial stones were laid by the following gentle men the Rev. Dr. Gervase Smith, representative of the British Conference to the Australasian General Conference ; the hon. Sir G. Wigram Allen, Edmund Webb, Esq., M.L.A. ; the Itev. Win. Schofield, William Davies, Esq., 9 Goulbum : and the Rev. G. Hurst, on behalf of Rev. J. H. Fletcher, then disabled by an accident. The building was sufficiently advanced to admit of occupation by the end of July, 1880, and the President (with his ^family), the head-master, and one resident master, were in residence before tbe 1st of August. The school opened with about 100 scholars. Four theological students were also provided for. The council of management set out with the idea of building with brick, at a cost not to exceed £12,000. But serviceable building stone having been discovered in this neighbourhood, and in view of the exposed situation of the principal portions of the structure, the council yielded to the persuasion of their architect, Mr. Rowe, and decided that the college should be built of stone, except the interior walls. With our experience of the difference to be allowed for in transferring an elaborate architectural design from paper and ink to stone and timber and making it workable, allowing also for the va8t increase in the cost of building during the period of our hesitation, it is probable that the design in brick would have run very close to £20,000 before it was finished. The result ie a more costly but a more hand some and durable edifice. (Cheerfe.) It is right also to add that an efficient and attentive building committee watched the progress of the work to its completion, and whatever faults may hereafter exercise critics they must be put down only to the want of experience in buildings of this kind. In trying to raise in you sentiments of sympathy and admi ration on behalf of this great undertaking, I confess to being hampered by its modern date. Our building mocks us by its newness. Our greatest want to-day is age. All the spicy breezes that poets celebrate would not be worth so much to us to-day as a few whiffs of venerable fustiness from apartments dark with antique furniture and glimmering with old pictures, from whose charmed canvas grave faces of departed soldiers, statesmen, mer chants, and divines looked down to remind us that we had noble ancestors. And if wc could lake you into an ancient library piled with the very ponderous folios on which great polemics fed, as the old warrior kings were dieted on lions' marrow, this might inspire us with eloquence worthy of the day. Then instead of puny trees, which too evidently are of recent planting, could we scatter ourselves to-day under ancient elms great of girth and stout of arm like the giants who planted them, or oaks knotty with the storms of ages, and under whose shadow noble knights might have wagged their beards over points of love and war, how could the tamest brain not teem with thoughts bright and keen as sparks of fire. For this trouble some gloss of newness there is no doctor but time. (Hear, hear.) Well, then, let us change our point of view. After all, are we not the ancestors V Is it not even so that wc who are here to day, and not we with grey hairs alone, but even the owners of youthful forms and faces, we all, it seems, are the ancient worthies, we are the venerable patriarchs whom perchance young Aus tralians of the year of grace 2080 shall call their ancestors, shall smile at our quaint attire, and be much amused at the oldfashioned way in which we spoke our old speeches on this ceremonial day. This, then, is to be ' Founders' day,' and let us accept with gratitude our responsible and honourable position. It is our privilege to take part to-day in the beginning of that which, if God will shall centuries after we are dead be a famous centre of Christian education, beautiful with age, shadowed by mighty trees, and rich in the lore of useful lives and of honourable names. It is too much to expect that some Australian farmer's son may yet do for us what the yeoman's son, William of Wykeham, did for the great school of Winchester 500 years ago ? On his nomination to a bishopric he was reproached with his deficiency in scholar ship, and is said to have replied, — ' I am unworthy ; but wherein I am wanting myself that will I supply by a brood of more scholars than 'all the prelates of England ever showed.' Harrow School, now of such aristocratic dignity and world-wide fame, had a far humbler beginning than our college, when, about 300 years ago, John Lyon, a farmer born in that parish, founded his free grammar school. (Cheers.) Let, us ponder another lesson — that nearly all of the ten great public schools of England are the product of that ever-memorable religious revival of the 10th century, which gave to England the martyrs of Smithtield and Oxford, the translators of the English Bible, and the Puritan founders of the great American Republic. Thel' is Christ's Hospital, the famous BlueCoat Schooi of London, founded by our first Protestant king, Edward VI. How touching and beautiful is this incident related of him in the last month of his life and his reign. The charter of the school was brought to him for signature, a blank being left in the patent for the sum which his Majesty should be pleased to grant : ' He, looking on the void place, called for pen and ink, and with his own hand wrote this sum, ' 4000 marks by the year,' ' and then said, in the hearing of the Council, ' Lord, 1 yield theo most hearty thanks that thou hast given me life thus long to finish this work to the glory of Thy name.' That was the spirit which gave birth to those grand schools, and which surely won for them from their very birth a blessing from heaven which has kept them fresh and vigorous to this day. 1 know that in building this col lege we have accepted immense responsibility ; but in the success of public institutions, as of men, ' the race is not always to the swift noi the battle to the 6trong.' Our college might not prosper though a monarch had laid its foundation-stone and princes had enriched it with their wealth. It has, doubtless, many difficulties to meet, many fluctuations to endure before we are resolved into ancestral dust, before time has darkened these now white stones, rounded their sharp angles, and set the building, like the mansion Milton once loved to look at, ' bosomed high in tufted trees.' But, if God will, coming generations shall see these things. Wc need tho gifts of the wealthy and the counsel of the wise ; but above all we need the Divine acceptance of our work. In the spirit of good King Edward VI., I ask you to join me every day, that our fathers' God will be with us, and will say of us, as He said of another and a greater house in ages long past, ' I have heard thy prayer.' and thy supplications which thou hast made before nie. I 'have hallowed this house, which thou hast built to put My name there for ever, and mv eyes and my heart shall be there perpetually.' I have now said enough to sho/v, if I may venture to speak for others as well as for myself, that our hope in erecting this college is lo make a substantial and ? permanent contribution to higher Christian education in this land, and not merely to serve the interest of our own denomination. We wish that as few persons as possible may think themselves unable to make use of our college. It will be good, we hope, for others to meet us on the broad field of education; but I am sure it will be good for ourselves to meet others there. Any class or society of persons living always among their own set or school becomes narrow and liable to strong prejudice. If the Pharisee who was 60 scornfully thankful he was not ' as this Publican,' had gone to school with him, it is likely he would not have been quite so conceited. (Laughter.) He sides, it is iu widening our field and encouraging all who sympathise with our aims to use our appliances that wo shall be most likely to maintain educational efficiency even for ourselves. _ In some dissertations which I have read on the subject of religious education I have thought the fact to be forgotten that in a school, as a school, school work is first. As the first business of a doctor is to cure his patients, and of a shoemaker to make good shoes, so the first business of a teacher always is to teach well. We may have some small friends for whose sake it is worth while to say that this building is not erected for religious services. We will have just so much of them as suits our main design of getting good teachers and turning out good scholars, able to pass any educational tests which our just but austere stepmother — the Univer sity— requires, or which we can in any other way obtain, to give us a liberal but not unmerited share of educational renown. I have several times met men, I must say generally young men, whose idea of a Method ist has been derived from reading the veracious history of that oily son of Belial, Mr. Pecksniff, rather than from studying the Wellington-like face and heroic career of John Wesley. There are many instances in the story of John and Charles Wesley which show the invigorating influence of their life at the great schools of Westminster and Charterhouse. J ohn Wesley was something more than a blus tering field preacher, screaming over platitudes and truisms. He could indeed command the attention of 10,000 people on a breezy English common by discourses as remarkable for NEWINGTON COLLEGE, STANMORE. J I their logical structure and scholarly finish as for their directness, earnestness, and spirituality. But be could also fro home to study natural science, and its application to medicine, to discuss literature with Dr. J ohnson, to write a statesmanlike letter to a Prime Minister, to wage a vigorous polemic discussionwith any wit or scholar of his timfe ; and cenerallv if he had anything to say he said it like a man of the world, and men of all classes were willing to hear him Famous Westminster was the school of Charles Wesley, and famous Charterhouse the school of John Wesley- _ Ihe ais cipline in those days was truly Spartan. Bullying must have been in its glory, for we are told that during the five vears that ' Jacky,' as his mother always calls him, was at Charterhouse, his allowance of animal food was every dav plundered ('convey, the wise it call ) ^y the higger b c\'Sm And it does not appear that he was then a better boV than bovs generally would be antong such barbarian masters. However, neither this five years bread diet nor all tho rough usage ot the dormitory and the playground -}i-? nnv mischief to tlie young athlete. And as I study his perfect command of temper, his immovable cou rage, his sense of humour, and his power of managing rowdies, so often dis played amidst tho mobs whose violence continually endan gered his life, I come to the conclusion that the great Evangelist owed a good many of his fine gifts as a leader of man to the contests and com panionship of the Charterhouse. Tho same lesson continu ally meets us in read ing the life of that noble missionary the late Bishop Selwyn. And it will be well if, while shutting out the brutality which the poor clergyman's son from Ep worth was! made to feel at West minster 150 years ago, wc can retain tlie manliness and the capability of noble thoughts and deeds which for so 111 a n y generations have flourished there, without which Aus tralia may be a land of sheep and shep herds, of wool and tallow, and selfish money-making, but will not be the home of a newer but not less heroic England than that famous old England whoso flag has for a thousand years been blown about the world in in battle and in storm, and still proves hecs self as great as ever in learning and in commerce, in peace and in war. (Cheers.) But now therecrosses our path u spectre of insolence, destruc tiveness, and cruelty, for which we seem to want a name. Larri kin is not an elegant word, yet it threatens to become historical. The namo is not so inelegant as ' sans culotte,' in tho ter rible story of the French Revolution. Thomas Carlyle says, ' Iu a prurient e'lo m ent , r i ch with nutri - tive influences, sans culottism grows lust ily and even frisks in not ungraceful sport, as indeed most young creatures are sport ful. Nay, may it not be noted further that as the grown cat and cat species gene rally is the cruelest thing known, so the merriest is precisely tho kitten or growing cat.' It will proba bly occur to some of us that our colonial ' sans culotto ' is al ready passing from the sportful kitten state into that of the grown ca t, ' the cruel - est thing known.' The nutritive cle ment in which this evil presence has grown so quickly is abundantly supplied in the public streets and parks of the'city. The proneness to mis chief, tho selfishness, flic irreverence, and the gregariousness, which are instinctive in boys when let loose upon the streets, cut off from religious in fluence and domestic control, and polluted by contact with gip sies of the gutter, soon break out in deeds of violence and shame. The exist ence of such anarchy among the lowest classes of society is constant. But evil creeps rapidlv un wards, like fever-poison. Our business here is prevention. Our difficulty is in the proneness of the most sensible boys to be deceived by what an old preacher calls ' the fatal im posture and force of words.' Consider what acts of dis honesty, of senseless mischief, and of dishonour, violating promises and confidences, even the better class of youths will tolerate, and then practise, with this excuse, ' It was only a lark.' Traly 6ays the caustic Dr. South : — ' From the beginning of the world to this day there was never any great villainy acted by men, but it was in the strength of some great fallacy put upon their minds by a false representation of evil for good, or good for evil.' Many a moral contest was iought_ out and won at old Newington which had no record in the honour-lists or in the story of the sports of the year. Such battles are often tough and are not always successful, but we fight them not only for the children but for _ the parents. Let wealth accumulate as it pleases, it remains only the more true ' sharper than a serpent's tooth it is to have a thankless child.' We who have to do with the young must always mitigate our austerity by remembering what we ourselves were when we were boys. But we ask, and think we deserve, the fullest co-operation of parents in requiring as the essential condition of any boy's entering our school that he shall obej our rules, and that we must generally at least be able to trust him when he knows j that we trust him; but our great preventive for the , appearance or prevalence of the audacious anarchy_ which : history may yet have to refer to as larrikinism, is to be j foundin an atmosphere pervaded by the moral teaching of 1 the Scriptures — a teaching which demands _ respect for others and encourages the chivalrous feeling towards | women and children, and that dread of doing anything to ] increase the vast inevitable amount of human suffering , which characterise everv real gentleman and every consistent ] I Christian, but which \trely learnt thoroughly by boys, unless they are seen, admired, and taught at home. (Cheers.) , Of our theological school I will say nothing now. It stands ! apart on its own ground, and is but in its infancy. But for that also we need the genius loci — that refining influence of time-honoured names and heart-stirring recollections which Dean Stanley, lecturing at Oxford, thought he could trace from the times of Samuel and the schools of the prophets down to the famous Universities of modern times. One truth I am sure we shall never cease to proclaim alike to boys and men, that I science and religion are sisters and friends, not enemies and aliens. There are many present discords between the findings of science and of theology. They are i both young, and, being young, are more or less liable to conceit and precipitancy. Between theology and science there may be to the end of time many discrepancies and controversies. All the births of Time are imperfect, and only when Eternity comes that which is perfect comes, ana that which, is imperfect vanishes away, like amor phous darkness before beauteous light. But between the I findings of that perfect knowledge of God, the Creator, I to which a devout theology will always aspire, and that perfect knowledge of the Creation for which true science must everlastingly hunger — between these findings as they advance there can be no discrepancies. Religion and science — what are they but two tall confronting pillars, which now to us pigmies who can only creep around their massive foundations, seem to stand widely apart ! Have patience, trace the mighty columns upwards, and when we can trace them high enough into the lofty and ancient heavens, we shall see them approach, we shall see them curving into one stately arch before the throne of God, where discords were never heard, and whero holy angels for unmeasured ages have worshipped and proclaimed, ' Just and true are all Thy ways, Thou king of saints ! Alleluia ! for the Lord God omnipotent j reigneth ! ' No, the man was never born who could pro- I 3 laim the divorce of true theology and of true science. | Science is the rainbow spreading her beauteous bands over | earth and sky ; and religion is the pure white ray descend- , ing from the same light- fountain to touch the meanest things of earth with hues of heaven. And both exist in the world to lift man — sometimes through his intel lect, and sometimes through his conscience — nearer to his Creator, but his Father. We must follow both these kindred splendours, and, as we may, hasten the time when science shall cease to vex theology with its contempt, and theology shall cease to obstruct science with its suspicions. Let us not be charged, then, with vain ambition if, finding ourselves entrusted with the spacious area of land near the metropolis, we have dedicated it to this college. It seems a nobler thing, and juster to the memory of the good man whose liberality we enjoy, to keep I tho land entire for one really great obiect than to turn it ! into money to be scattered over a hundred smaller objects I and consumed in merely denominational enterprizes. Be- 1 lieving as we do in the imperial strength and permanence of Christianity, and that the scorn of scepticism is but the foaming of the fretful wave against the ever steadfast rock, — believing as we do that Protestantism would be very unwise to allow the higher education of the youth of this land to pass into the hostile hands which are so ? eager to grasp it, — believing as we do that the Methodist Church, which is indeed the youngest branch of the great Protestant family in Europe but one of its older branches in Australia, now after nearly seventy years of hard pioneering labour in every part of the land', holds a deep and enduring interest in the moral and religious well- being of the country ; and believing as we do in the growing great ness of this colony of New South Wales, which last year added more than 4:0,500 souls to its population, which one of its wisest and ablest Governors, Sir Hercules Robinson, has told us belongs to a group of colonies so fruit ful. that if only a steady increase of 4 percent, on the Dresent population be main tained, in 25 years' time there will be five millions living on this island con tinent of Australia, which by tho year 1950 would at tho 6ame rate have grown to thirty millions, the population of Great Britain in 1871 — looking at these pre ludes and presages of greatness for Aus tralia, and not least for this, the mother colony, with its mother city, which nature has made so fair, let us not be counted rash and vain if in this our faith wc, who nftrnot a wealthy commu nity, nevertheless without asking a shilling from the State, have ventured to build this collegc. (Cheers.) Newing ton is a title as yet of no significance. It is, we may say, a blank page, which, however, may yet bo thickly written with memories of affection , with names of lustre, with traditions of renown. Or we may say it is the flag un distinguished as yet, which floats to-day at the masthead of tbe new-built, new launched ship of our hope. From this day, sail on then, good ship ! * Sail forth into the eea, O ship ! Through wind and wave, right onward steer ! Fear not each sudden sound and shock, 'Tis of the wave and not the rock ; 'Tis but the flapping of tlie sail, And not a rent made by the gale ! In spite of rock and tempcst'6 roar, In spite of false lights on the shore, Sail on, nor fear to breast the sea ! Our hearts, our hopes, are ail with thee — Our hearts, our hopes, our prayers, our tears, Our faith triumphant o'er our fears, Are all with thee— arc all with thee ! ' ' After Mr. W. Davies and the Rev. W. B. Boyce had addressed the as sembly, Dr. Kelynack moved votes of thanks to Sir Wig ram Allen for ini tiating the proceed ings, and to the chairman for the labours he had given to the Church from its earliest days here, and for his labours that evening in the chair. The motion was carried by acclama tion A report of the proceedings of the evening meeting will be found in another page. The returns of killed and wounded on the railways of the United Kingdom for the first nine months of 1880 (says Fall Mall Gazette ) discloses a slaughter as terrible as that of many a pitched battle. At the Alma the allies lost 422 men killed and 2121 wounded, whereas between the 1st Jan uary and the 30th September of 1880, 831 persons were killed on our rail ways, and 4791 in jured. None of the recent battles in S. Africa or Afghan istan caused so much bloodshed as nine m o n t h s' railway rrafffic. The aver age is slitrhtlv over three deaths and 17 casualties per day. Only S2 of the killed were passengers, and 506 of the wounded ; the rest were workmen in the emjjloy of the companies or con tractors. Forty-nine persons committed suicide on railways in the nine months, giving an average of more than one per week. From the detailed returns it is evident that some at least of the slaughter might have been prevented by the use of continuous footboards and con tinuous breaks, and the disuse of level crossings. In the period included in the returns there occurred 89 collisions, 880 tires failed, and 341 axles and 296 rails broke, of which 155, or more than half, were of steel. Of the axles which failed, 40 were of steel and 1 10 of iron ; but the average mileage of the iron axles was 169,867 miles, against 168,019 miles averaged by the axles of steel. These figures hardly seem to justify tlie confidence generally expressed in the superiority of steel to iron as material for the construction of roUing stock and the permanent way. 