HIC JACET. (The Morgan Ministry.— Bom October, 1877 ; die! June. 1SSL1 Ye muses nine inspire me while I sing The Morgan Ministry— that wondrous thing ! Smooth should the verse an to the reader seem, That Tib* tnr mtiiont mnTi o o«t4o-1 tliam* What pictures fill the vision backward seer, As I review events that happed between The present and the time, when, undermined Their power to stand, the Colton team resigned. Then Boucaut took in hand the reins ot State To guide the conn try ; till decreed by fate Cpon the Bsnch as Judge to take his place He gave Will llorgan front rank in the race, - And left the storms of Ministries' affairs To breathe a Jodgeahip's calmer gentler airs. Then Morgan, with success, essayed to form Th' Administration which has braved tbe storm 'Whfla near three years have rolled their lengthened course. Bat now surrenders as a last resource. For Education first, oar Eowley Bees. The chosen of Will Morgan, failed to please ; So he resigned, although he felt the sting, While in his place there reigned another, King, Who, abdicating after, did allow The third in Education, Basedow. Then first as Treasurer in Morgan's plan There came the genial lawyer, Charlie Mann, 'Who ol finances had snch notions dim He knew aa much of them as they of him. As pleader in the Courts he wins his fame And calls down jnst encomiums on his same. Sharp in retort, he understands the laws, And hides or finds, as pleises him, the?' flaws. Although a lawyer, he could find his way With proper guidance through the long arrsy Of figures that crowd np a Budget speech. He sought his dim and distant goal to reach, And made to meet the revenue's two ends, To balance nicely what the coontty spendi. But Charlie felt he'd gain far more renown As its Solicitor to serve the Crows ; 80 he resigned, while, with a hopeful face, The Ministry saw Fowler take bis plice. Fowler resigned, and £ounaevell we see In Morgan's team as Treasurer number three. ; Bundey deserted, Sjmon filled hit shoes, Hoping for fame, he scarce had fear to lose. Till at the last of alllhe leader's train Playf old and Hawker only did remain. With scarce a limb that it might call its own, Yet still the Ministry some life has shown ; As tec ties of some legs and wings bereft Stni kick and flatter with what they have left. It lost its head, though— Morgan left his post ; And thfn at last it yielded up the ghost. — ' Ethoa axd Ee-Eckoa,' intht Adtlaide Ofotrctr. 