ORIGINAL POETRY. A MEDIEVAL MYSTERY. Sir Thomas de Toinpkynr, a gallant young knight, Was always on hand at a faast or a fight ; He cou d tipple all night, . And all day light For ohurch and king without fear ; But looked after his nob, And like Solomon Lob, Was a " ranting cavalier." Ao. ardent admirer of beauty and booty, He laughed at My First, and was strict in his duty. In the Baron's hall the lamps shone clear, And the old oaken roof re-echoed the cheer ; As the ompany gay, In warlike array, Toasted Prince Rupert, "the prince without peer And the rafters rang, As they gaily sang, And prolonged the midnight revel ; For they loved their glass, And they loved their lass, And they hated Old Holl like the devil. Faster and furious grew the fun ; 'Twas half-past twelve and verging on one, " The wee sma houis' as they're reckoned ; When Sir Tompkyns looked round, And sprang, to the ground, As he quietly looked at My Secoud. And said, " Gentlemen, We meet now and then, And sorry I am at onr parting ; But to-morrow yon know We march to the foe, And so it is time to be starting. But 'tis onlj correct, And what he may expect, Of his virtues, although lie don't boast ; So join wiih me, In three times uirec, To the health of our excellent host." Then their host looked round, And bowed to the ground, And said, in a tone most grave and profound, " My emotion is deep, And I fain would weep, But I think it is time we were all asteop ; You've been civil to me, and polite to my daughters, And now I'll be happy to show you your ljUul vClCi» But first you must know, and I don't wish to boast, That, like all ancient families, we have a ghost. 'Tis true that its haunts are not aristocratic. 'Tis on th top story— in fact, in the attic. So I here give the chance to the one most undaunted, To sleep in the cu amber that's famed as ' The Haunted.' " The guests looked blank, And their spirits sank, And they didn't know whether to curse cr to thank Their host, who invited them here in the night To a quiet tcte-a-tete with some horrible . Bprite. They liad faced My First In battles the worst, And laughed at the griin old fogey ; But 'o as different quite, To pass the night, In company with Old Bogey. Sir Tompkyns laughed, And a goblet quaffed, Aud said, " I was always reckoned To defy tlie hosts Of d.-mous or ghosts, So in that room I'll tak9 My Seoond." 'Tis two o'clock, and the light burns dim ; Sir Tompkycs nas stretched his length of limb ; But no balmy slumber entrances His weary mind, for a sound that is queer Falls steadily on his listening ear, And the gloomy stillness enhances. He mutters a curse, and "swears a prayer," But stiil that sound strikes sharp and clear; Ha never as yet was known to fear, But it palsies his limbs and stiffens his hair. He wishes that he had never been born. He looks at My Second aud longs for morn ; He thinks of all the most horrible things — Of imps with horns, and tails and wings — That ever fancy painted. Bat still my whole chimed clear and well " Tick, tick," like a passing bell, Till down on his knees Sir Tompkyns fell, And most courageously fainted. So remember this maxim, made by a Scotch loon — " He who sups with the deil will need a lang spoon." ; I don't know whether to call -this 'ft charade, an enigma, or a conundrum, so I had better follow the example of poor Artemus Ward, and " let everyone call it what they darn please." — Billy Notts. 