AN ESSAY ON CHRISTIANITY BY SHELLEY. We have received from Mr. [?]. Montgomery Martin a copy of an unfinished essay on Christianity by the poet Shelley, which tends to prove that he was by no means an Ath[?]ist. It ia entitled "Bbelley'a lait XhongMs on Jews Christ." The following Uaa abridgment— "Toe Being who has tnfl?it^?aJ in the most memorable manner the opinions and the for tunes of tbe human epeoise is Jesus Christ. At this day his name is eennected with the devo tional feelings of two hundred millions ef the xaee of man. The institutions of Che mo?t civilised portions of the globe derive their autboiity from the sanctions of bis doo txinee; be is tbe htro, the God, of cur popnlar religion. His extraurdunry genius, the wide and rapid effect of bis unexampled doctrines, bis invincible gentleness s&d; bwjigniiv, tbe devoted love borne to him by bis adherents, suggested a persuasion to them that he was something divine. According to Jeans Ofariat, God is neither tbe Jupiter, who seeds rain upon the earth; nor the Venus, through whom all living things are prodased; nor the Vulcan, who presides over tbe tetrastrial element of fire; nor the Vesta, that preserves the light which ia enshrined in the sun and roocn and stars. He ia neither tbe Protea? nor the Ban of the material world. Bat the word God, according to the acceptation of Jeans Ohrut, unites all the attributes which tseee de nominations contain, and in the interpoint and overruling spirit of all the energy and wisdom included within the circle of exittiog things. It is important to observe that the author of the Christian *J?tem had a conception widely differing from the gross imagjnslionj ot tte vulgar relatively to the ruling power of the universe. He eveiyv.hererepresents this Power at something mysteriously and illimitsbly per vadkig the frame ot things. The doctrine of what come fanatics hare termed *a peoaltar Frovidtnce*—tfcat is, of some power beyond aad enperior to that whic'a ordinarily guides the operations of the universe, interfering to punish tbe vicious aid reward the virtuous—is ex plicitly denied by Jesus Christ The abtaVd atd execrable doctrine of vengeance, i* mliiti thopa, seems to have been contemplated by-tb/s great moralut with the profoiimigat diaapproW uon; not would he permit the most venerable of names to be perverted into a sanction for the meanest and most contemptible propesw?lH incident to the nature of man. ' Lure your cuenuee, bless those who carte you, tha!; ye may be tbe cons of your Heavenly Father, who makes the sun to shine en tbe good and on the tvil, and the rain to fall on the joat and BDjoct.' How moastroot a calumny have not impostors dared to advance against the mild acd gentle author of this juat sentiment, and against tbe whole tenor of his doctrines and his life, overflowing with benevolence and fotbeaiance and compassion! They have repre sented him asserting tbat the omnipotent GJd —tbat merciful and benignant power, who scatters equally upon the beautiful eartb all the element* af security and happiness, whose in fluent** are distributed to all whose natures admit of a participation in them, who sends to the weak and vicious creatures of hit will all tbe benefits which they are capable of aharteg; tbat this God boa devistd a scneme wheaeby the body tbull live after its apparent dis*olattaa, and bt> rendered capable of indefinite torture. He is said to have compared tbe agonies which tbe vicic.ua shall then aad ore to the exemeia tiona of a living bedy bound among tbe flames, and bting coaauued sinew by siaew, aad bone by bone. It appears tbat we moulder to a bcap of atnarleaa dust; to a few worms tLat arise and perish like oanelves. Jesus Cbrift asserts that Hi use appear anota are fallacious, and that a glaoaay and cold iTragrpsteoD alone suggests the conception tbat thought can oeaae to be. Another and a note extensive state of being, rather titan tbe complete extinetieti of being, will follow from that myaterisoa change wfctota we call death. There shall be no misery, no pain, so fear. Jeans Christ lapaaawwd Gad sa the principle of all good, tbe aoureeof all happi* ness, the wise and timevoiont Oraator and Pre acvsr of all things. Bat?aemtatpcetecaof bis doctrmea have confounded the flood aod the evil priadiple. They observed the esaaaa tions of their natures to be iaextrieably entangled In the world, auu, trembling before the power of the cause of all things, addressed te it auch flatfcryas icaecepUble to tte ministers of human tyranny, atsritatsng love ana wisdom to tbose energise which they felt to be exerted andiflercntly for the purpose* of benefit and calamity. It caanot be precisely ascertained in what degree Jesas Ghost accom modated hts doctrine* ta she opinions of bis auditor*, or in what degree be really said all tfcas be ia related to have said. His biograpucra have left sufficiently clear io dwetiaaa af the general ahatantar of Jean* Christ to ratone it for ever from tbe impatataVaa east upon It by their ignorance ana fanaticism. We discover that he is the enf mj of oppression and falaehooj; that ha ia the advocate of equal justice; tbat be is aeitber iWnpfieon to aanetioa bioodshedaer demit, under whatever pretences their pmciiee saay be vin dicated. W? discover tbat he wasst mancf meek and majestic demeanor, calm is danger; <A natoral and simple habits ; balered toaiotation by his adherent*; onmowd, aolema, aud saver*. He tramples opac all received opinions, oa all the eheriahed Inxntie* and aopentltiona of man iOad. He bias them cast aatde tte chsJaa cf LMtamaad blsad iasthhy whishthay have bear, aaesmpsared from tbe varyeradleof tbeirtwlag aad laser** the imitawor aad sulnwter of the Universal God." 