? PARTNERS: A TEUE STORY. CHAPTER XVIH. BY A COUNTRY ATTORNEY. WE must do Hooky the justice of saying that his incarceration of the banker was not the result of a deliberate plan. It was done on the impulse of the moment, and must be considered as an evidence of something like Napoleonic genius on the part of the lawyer. It came on him like an inspiration while Pufiy was pleading for a restitution of the plunder. Hooky was perfectly aware that, once started on a career of crime, retrogression was impossible. The disappearance of Puffy, moreover, would benefit him in Several ways. Ho was the only witness of his first forgery, and the only accomplice in his second. Both secrets would be buried with him. ' The fact of Puffy being non est the very day after the accomplishment of a swindle which nearly emptied the coffers of the Slocum branch would lead suspicion on his track. The hue and cry after Puffy would, allow the lawyer time to get to the coast, in disguise, and ship for San Francisco or Honolulu, or some other equally safe asylum. The feelings of Puffy when he found himself locked in the strong room may be more easily imagined than described. At first he eould not realise the situation. He thought the door had closed by accident, and, after searching in vain for the money, which the lawyer had told him was in the left hand far corner, he called out to Hooky to open the door. To this there was no answer. The sound of his own voice even seemed muffled and sepulchral. The horror of his situation all at once flashed upon the unhappy man. His blood ceased to flow, and it seemed as if Giant Despair had clutched his heart Then, all at once, the very excess of his fear lent him superhuman strength, and he sprang to the door, in spite of the darkness, which was absolute and appalling; and, seizing the handle tried to shake it in his frenzy, but he might as well have attempted to shake the Pillars of Hercules. He implored Hooky to open the door, conjured him by all that was most sacred in heaven or earth to let him out. "You can do what you like with the money," he exclaimed; " take it all, every penny of it—only let me out. I'll take all the blame upen myself. Not a soul shall know you had anything to do with it. Oh! for God's sake! don't leave me to die in this living tomb." No response from the outside. The walls were thick and impenetrable to sound. The lawyer could barely hear the voice of his prisoner; and a smile of satisfaction lighted up his face as he thought how little chance there was of anybody outside hearing his cries for help. The unfortunate banker was now getting desperate. He yelled and howled at the top of his voice cajoling, beseeching, threatening, praying, cursing, and blaspheming in the same breath. In the meantime the lawyer was going on with his preparations for departure. He wrote a note to one of his acquaintances in the town, and mentioned casually that he was going on a walking tour across country as far as the Killbogie railway station; and that he might possibly go on, by train, as far as Wag-ga, to pay his respects, he added jocularly, at the shrine of the claimant Sir Roger Tichborne. He did not expect to be back for a week or tea days, but business was not particularly brisk at present, and besides he wanted a holiday. His next procedure was to put on a grey wig, an old pair of trousers, a very disreputable pair of boots, an old wide-awake hat; and, slinging an orthodox swag over his shoulder, ne sallied out of the back door, the beau ideal of an old swaginan, on the wallaby track, with his tin billy and everything complete. About 9 o'clock that night an old swagman might have been seen dropping a letter into the Slocum Pose Office, a circumstance not very remarkable in itself; but it was certainly* a very remarkable circumstance that the old swagman, instead of making for the nearest public-house bar, and beginning to knock down his cheque, if he had one, or loafing upon somebody for drinks if he had no money of his own, sneaked out of the town, aB if he were a criminal instead of being an honest loaier seeking for work, and praying that he wouldn't get it. Fortunately for Mr. Silas Hooky, the eagle eye of Sergeant Nailem did not rest upon such an erratic specimen of the genus tramp, or he would have arrested him upon suspicion of being too good to be wholesome. The night was cold and the sky was overcast with hurrying clouds which shot past, now obscuring and now allowing to be seen, the orescent moon which rode high in the faesveoB taking what, is this connection, w may, without any irreverence, call a "lunar" at the crimes and miseries, the sins and sorrows, the weakness and meanness of humanity. _ As Silas Hooky skulked past the Commercial Hotel he looked askance at the moon and, instead of blessing her for her reflected light, he cursed her for an intrusive jade whose rays were shedding too much lustre on his path. But he passed the Commercial in safety; tho', when he looked into the well-lighted bar parlour, and saw the cosy fire, and heard the light laughter of some happy man, who, apparently, as yet, was tainted with no deeper crime than drinking, he almost wished that he could obliterate from the calendar the last two days—and he felt the weight of the gold he carried as a curse. Soon he left the last, straggling house behind him, and,in' ten minutes more, a turn of the road hid from view the last, faint, twinkling light of Slocum. Mr. Silas Hooky was not much given to moralising; but, as he trudged along, under cover of the darkness, it seemed to him that the force of circumstances had hurried him into the perpetration of crimes which he had never contemplated. If it had been suggested to him twenty-four hours before that the murder of Puffy was necessary to the success of his scheme, he would have rejected the murder and the forgery at the same time. But the first false step being taken the second was a necessity of fate. At least so he argued. It was not so much his fault as his misfortune that he had been compelled to close Puffy in a living tomb. Then his imagination began to run riot on the possibilities of pursuit. Everything which seemed so safe when he left Slocum now appeared surrounded with uncertainty. Already he pictured to himself the discovery of Puffy, and he started at the melancholy cry of some night bird as if the hand of justice had touched hifn on the shoulder. He pressed on for about six miles along the main road without meeting with anything to induce him to change his course, until his sense of hearing, quickened by apprehension, apprised him of the vicinity of an enemy. Anything, however innocent, was, in his present state of mind, to be shunned; and the noise which proceeded from the awkward motions of a hobbled horse grazing on the road indicated to him the presence of something to be avoided. A few more steps and his eye caught the gleam of a camp fire. A tilted waggon by the side of the road; two men seated on boxes, each with a pannikin of tea in his hand; a delectable savour of grilled steak—and Hooky began to feel that he was hungry, and cold, and wet, and miserable. He longed to go up to that cheerful fire, and he would have given a handful of the gold for which he had risked so much to be able to go boldly into the light of the camp; but he was doubtful of his disguise, and the recollection of the imprisoned Puffy drove him away. He climbed over the fence, and, shunning the main road, struck across the paddock, with no very definite idea of where he was going. His main idea was to get as far away from Slocum as possible. He had not gone far in this new direction when he heard noise behind him like the thunder of a charge of cavalry. Being unable to see anything he pictured to himself fresh horrors; but when, as the sound became louder, and he felt the earth tremble beneath him, he also, at the same time, began to see emerging from the surrounding gloom a dark mass which bore down upon him, he recognised that he was an object of attraction to a mob of wild cattle. Huge, shaggy forms were darting backwards and iorwards, here and there, now appearing and now disappearing in the uncertain light. He could almost feel their hot breath upon his face, and the excited breathing of the startled animals was distinctly audible. Hooky was not by any means a timid man; but he was totally unaccustomed to cattle, and such attentions from, a mob of infuriated animals was anything but reassuring. He devoutly wished that he had stuck to the main road, in spite of the possibility of pursuit; and it is even doubtful if, at that moment, he would not have gladly exchanged positions with Puffy. The tossing horns, and fiery eyes and shaggy fronts came nearer and nearer. Right in front of him he could see one huge, wild-eyed fellow, who pawed the ground and shot out his huge, red tongue and bellowed like a veritable Bull of Bashan, while as far aB he could see over their backs in the dim moonlight, and extending to the right and left, was an angry sea of tossing horns. Hooky faced the living wall, and walked backwards step by step, and while he retreated the cattle came steadily on—but ever gaining, little by little. At length it occurred to Hooky to do what he should have done before. He gave a terrific yell, and, swinging his swag in one hand and the tin billy in the other, he charged right at the middle of the line. It broke in an instant, and, dividing to his right and left, two flying masses disappeared in the surrounding gloom. Hooky now walked on briskly, but he had not proceeded more than a hundred yards when he heard the thunder of hoofs again, and in an instant he was a second time surrounded by the same mob, who were either more curious or less timid than before. By this time, however, Hooky had got used to them, and, in fact, rather liked their society as being better than communing with his own thoughts. He, therefore, walked on slowly, converging familiarly with his body guard, which accompanied him right across the paddock, occasionally disappearing with a rush when startled, to re-appear again more curious than ever. At length, getting tired of the accompaniment, Hookey made another rush at thu foe, who disappeared almost as precipitately as did Hookey himself, for the lawyer, not taking notice of where he was going, plunged head first into a drain, and after some frantic struggles in the liquid mud, crawled out at the other side, more effectually disguised than if he had donned the entire wardrobe at the disposal of the Corps Dramatique, or the Chamber of Horrors in the Waxworks. CHAPTER XIX. AXTHOUGII Tom Parchment did not feel particularly anxious to leave Slocum for a week or so; yet his intended trip to Melbourne, at the request of Mrs. Hardgrove, was not so distasteful as it might have been. Whether this sudden satisfaction was to be accounted for by the fact that Mrs. Hardgrove and Polly Walker had signified their intention of accompanying him, has never been revealed. Writers of fiction are too much in the habit of assuming to themselves the power of reading the most secret thoughts and intentions of the characters they depict; but yvhere a plain narration of facts is requisite, all such assumptions are manifestly out of place. All that the writer of this history can Vouch for is, that the two ladies mentioned, were going to accompany Tom Parchment— find that he did not look unhappy. It may be as well to state that Tom, after he left Slocum on the occasion first mentioned, had sought, and obtained, the position of confidential clerk to » \evy respectable firm of solicitors, who knew his value, as h.6 had learnt most of his Jaw in their office. His salary was £500 a e yearwith aprospectarepiutaergliip. A» Tom had to be at the office within a week, it suited him just as well to go down now. His first duty was to secure a box-seat for the ladies, which he did by the judicious expenditure of half a sovereign. Among the passengers was a tall, black' whiskered, ferocious looking individual who swore at the grooms, cursed the horses, and anathematized all and sundry. He seated himself next to Tom, and began a lively conversation, chiefly about himself and his own adventures. To .hear him, one would have supposed that his principal occupation was murder j and that he revelled in blood for the mere sake of diversion. In a belt round his waist he carried four revolvers and an indefinite number of bowie knives. He had shot tigers in India, lions in Africa, and had, single-handed, captured piratical junks in the Chinese seas. It was ms common custom to drill a given number of holes through a given number of men per week while he was seeking for relaxation in San Francisco ; and all he thirsted for, now, was to have a brush with the bushrangers of Australia. This harangue, plentifully interlarded with strange oaths of fearful and wonderful construction, had an obvious effect upon his fellow- passengers. He produced a still greater effect when he pulled from his breast- pocket a huge flask of rum and, after helping himself, passed it on, beginning with the ladies. As none of the passengers availed themselves of his offer he took it as a personal insult and began to be abusive. Among the passengers was a slight, quiet man, who apparently had weak eyes, for he wore green spectacles. To this gentleman the fire-eating Btranger especially addressed himself, possibly because he was the smallest man of the party. The little man had, up to this point, been a listener. Our bellicose hero now turned on him fiercely, and, twirling his moustache with . one hand, while he handled a revolver with the other, he asked the unoffending traveller " what he meant by sneering that way?" To this the other replied: "Far be^it from me to sneer at such undoubtedly accurate accounts as you have given us of your wonderful adventures. On the contrary, I congratulate myself, and our entire company, on having such a protector. Tour fame is not unknown to me, for, if I do not mistake, I am addressing the renowned Captain Blometite." \- " That is, indeed, my name," said the swash-buckler, graciously, handing his snuffbox to his fellow-traveller; " but I was unaware that my fame, such as it is, had spread to this remote quarter of the globe." " Such virtues as yours are not easily hid," continued the little man. "The trump of fame which has handed down to our day the wrath of Achilles, the labours of Hercules, the ieats of King Arthur, and his Knights of the Round Table; the adventures of Amadis de Gaul, and of the renowned Don Quixote, de la Mancha; the victories of Pantagruel, the son of Gargantua, the son of Grangousier, over the Dipsodes, will not fail to enlighten future generations upon the merits of the most renowned Captain Blometite." " Sir," returned the captain, 1 am proud to meet a gentleman of your 4 1 good sense, and I regret that under a misapprehension on my part, I spoke to you just now in terms you so little merited." "That is a matter of no consequence," replied the other; "your presence makes amends for any little roughness of speech, which so well becomes your person, and only adds additional lustre to your character. It is probable that, before very long, we shall want your assistance. Although we are not very near to the haunts of the notorious bushrangers, who have so long kept the country in confusion, they often make raids in this direction, and it is rumoured that they are in the neighbourhood." " You don't say so," cried the captain, and his face lengthened considerably at the information. " I thought this part of the country was perfectly safe." " So it was until quite recently; but I suspect that the bushrangers have heard that the famous Captain Blometite is travelling through, and they have determined to capture him." The captain here applied the rum flask to his lips again; and if his hand shook, it must have been from the motion of the coach, which was just then on a rough piece of road. ' You are of course aware, captain," continued the man in green spectacles, " that the bushrangers of Australia are a chivalric race ; they have at least adopted the armour, if they have failed to copy the graces of the knights of the middle ages: and if you meet with anyone clad in complete steel, with an iron helmet on his head, you can draw out your revolvers and shoot at once." " But d—do you think there is any chance of meeting these bloodthirsty villains," inquired the captain anxiously. " I am rather afraid of it," was the reply; "in fact, within a mile of where we change horses, one of the gang was seen the other day, so that I should advise you to look to your arms." The information they had just received caused no little consternation among the passengers; and Tom Parchment was about to suggest that the ladies should go inside, while the revolvers, of which the captain had four, should be distributed among the men, when the hero of the green spectacles slipped a note into his hand, which made him change his intentions. The captain, however, handed over the four revolvers to the little man, who, after carefully examining all the chambers, distributed them j giving one to Tom, one to the captain, one to another passenger, and retaining the other himself. CHAPTER XX. THE driver, who had been an attentive observer of the little episode juBt related, showed considerable indications of perplexity in his face; however, he said nothing, but drove on, and in about half-an-hour pulled up at a decent looking roadside public-house, which was dignified by the name of the Travellers' Rest Hotel. The coach changed horses here, and remained about a quarter of an hour fer refreshments. The fire- eating captain was himself again. He had eaten and he had drunken ; and once more the old Adam was in the ascendant. The potent whisky of the Travellers' Rest, dispensed by a pretty barmaid, had roused his warlike spirit to the sticking or the shooting point. Perhaps he had received some private information from the barmaid, who was evidently struck with his perfections. She may have assured him that bushrangers were unknown about the district, and that the only danger he was likely to experience was from the arrows of the wicked little blind god, Cupid. At all events. Captain Blometite was roaring like one of the lions he was so fond of killing when he sojourned in Africa. " Who cares for your paltry cow-catching bushrangers ? Let them show themselves now while there is sufficient daylight to draw a bead upon their cowardly carcasses. What a miserable lot of road* scraping, lee-scupper-browsing, deek- swabbing sons of—" "Bail up!" said a deep voioc on the larboard side of the gall⁢ captain. to " his Hold right. up your haads!"g«4daQotlier voice The captain looked from one to the other. On either side of him was a strange figure covered with a horse cloth, and having on its head a sort of helmet made out of an old nail can. All the passengers had taken their places with the exception of the ladies, and Tom Parchment and the little man in green spectacles. The valorous captain ceased his roaring instantly. He no longer thirsted for the blood of bushrangers. He rather longed for a quiet hole where he could hide himself. The revolver which be had been flourishing fell from his hand and he looked as like washed-out dish-clout as it is possible for a human being to look. The bushranger on his right beckoned him down from the top of the coach, as Hamlet's father's ghost beckoned Hamlet's father's son from the ramparts of Elsinore; and the captain followed him, while the glittering eye of the knight of the nail can apparently had the same effect upon his victim that the eye of the ancient mariner had upon the wedding guest. In the rear of the establishment was a room that served as a sort of dead-house, where drunken bushmen were bestowed to sleep off the effects of their debauch on bad liquor—when all their money was spent. Into this delectable abode Captain Blometite was thrust, and the key turned upon him. Upon the return of the first bushranger, he took off his helmet and revealed the ferocious countenance of—the man in green spectacles. His mate was no other than Tom Parchment; and they were proceeding to explain that, as Captain Blometite's room was better than his company, they had adopted this mild strategem .to get rid of him—when two ominous-looking figures were observed skulking mysteriously round the corner of the verandah. On their heads' was the orthodox nail can, without which Australian bushrangers never think of venturing into the light of day. One of them carried a huge weagpn, which looked like a fowling piece of Goliath of Gath—if such had been used in the days of that uncircumoised Philistine, but which was, in reality, an abominable piece of ordnance which the Philistines of sport calls a duck gun. This frightful death- dealing contrivance (which bears about the same relation to an ordinary gun, that Gargantua's mare's tail bears to the caudal appendage of an ordinary horse) takes for its usual charge about five ounces of powder, and two pounds of shot. Now, as a modern breech-loader, such as sportsmen use, requires a charge of about three drams of powder and an ounce of shot, it will be seen that we are not exaggerating in our comparison, although we are assured by that careful historian, Rabelais, that the aforesaid mare (which " was as big as 6ix elephants"), had a tail " little more or less than every whit as great as the steeple of Saint Mark." It is not to be wondered at, then, that when Tom Parchment saw this diabolical contrivance, with a kore three inches in diameter, and a barrel ten feet long, pointing at him, and within three feet of his breast, he should feel inclined to obey the commands of the bearer of this persuasive instrument, when, in a sepulchral tone, rendered more hideous by the vibration of the tin pot on his head, he commanded him to— " Bail up It is not to be supposed that ,Tom Parchment had any particular desire to have two pounds of buck shot lodged in his visceral region; and yet he could not altogether reconcile himself to bailing up without a struggle. He looked at his antagonist, and saw his eyes gleaming through a slit in the nail can with that peculiar glare that always indicates the ruthless and sanguinary marauders of the Australian bush. He glanced at his companion in distress—the man in the green spectacles. Seeing him looking steadfastly at the corner of the house, his eyes naturally followed the same direction, and there he observed the barrel of another gun, with another bushranger behind it, who had assumed the usual and customary attitude which an Irish Land Leaguer assumes, quite naturally, when his landlord comes for his rent. But Tom Parchment was at a different angle from his friend, and, in fact, he eould sec a little bit round the corner. It struck hiui that the second gun had a very ancient look; and, glancing along the barrel, his quick eye detected that it had no cap on, and that it was, in fact, deficient of a nipple. This discovery made him think that possibly the gun pointed at him had the same peculiarity; but he found, on looking at it, that it was capped in proper order, and that it was, moreover, at full cock. The bushrangers began now to be impatient, and, with the most frightful imprecations and curses, commanded Tom to turn out his pockets and hand over all his valuables. A third bushranger now made his appearance, but he had no gun, and his duty was to do the stealing part of the business, while the armed bushrangers held the victims covered with their weapons. Tom, expostulating with the man in front of him, asked him to be good enough to turn aside the muzzle of his gun. " My friend," he said, " I am sure you do not want to commit an unnecessary murder. All you want is the money, which, of course, you shall have. If your fingers were to slip it would blow a hole through me as big as a barn door. Looking at it from the point of view of the welfare of your honourable profession, unnecessary bloodshed is always a mistake." Bushrangers are not, as a rule, very much given to conversation, although, in romances, they occasionally indulge in speeches as long as those with which the heroes of Homer's IUiad are credited; but it is always best to stick to simple, plain facts, and what the bushranger replied to Tom was simply: " Stow your gaff, and shell out." But Tom Parchment had gained his end, for the huge gun was of such a monstrous weight that the villain holding it was obliged to drop the muzzle for a moment while he took a reBt. This was Tom Parchment's opportunity; and, making a jump from the box-seat, he landed with both feet fair upon the shoulders of his enemy. The shock sent the bushranger sprawling, and the duck gun went off with such a terrific roar that the horses took fright, and turning suddenly round snapped one of the swingletrees ; and overturning the coach, sent those of the passengers who had already taken their seats rolling into the middle of the road. (To be continued.) CABLYLE AND HIS DYSPEPSIA.—LA his " Reminiscences," Carlyle teiis how he once rode sixty miles to Edinburgh, "to consult a doctor, having at last reduoed my complexities to a single question. Is this diBeage curable by medicine? or is it chronic, incurable exoept by regimen, if even so? This question I earnestly put; got responee: * It is all tobacco,. sir; give up tobaoco.' Gave it instantly and striotly up. Found, after long months, that I might as well have ridden sixty miles in the opposite direction, and poured my sorrows into the long, hairy ear of the fits! jackass I came upon, as into this select mecUPtl mufti trfcoce name I will not mmtfcm*" 