ENGLISH NEWS. Heat Fatalxtt. in Cincinnati. — The official mortality return for tho oity of Cincinnati re lating to the week ending tho lGth of July contains somo intorcBting particulars of the ex traordinary fatality from heat, of which tole jjraphic intelligence roaohed this country at tho timo. It appears that 683 doaths wero roported in tho city during the week among a population of less than 300,000 inhabitants ; theno were equal to un annual rato of 108 G por 1,000. Of theso 683 deaths 201 wore directly referred to sunstroke, and ISO indirectly to 'excessive hoat.' Theso wero exclusive of 100 deathB resulting from infantile and simple cholera and othor diarrhcoal diseases. With regard to the 314 fatal cases of sunstroke and excessive heat, it is interesting to noto that thoy included 250 of males and 164 of iomalea; 118 wero of infants and ohildren undor fivo yoars of age, . and 1G1 of young persons aged between 10 and 20 years. It is also noteworthy that of 264 deaths attributed to sunstroke, no fewer than 138, or moro than half, wore of young persons aged 10 years and undor 20 Tho return before us shows that only ono of the 414 victims of the excessive hoat wib coloured ; it ib also noted that 146 of tho 2G4 roported doaths from sunstroke wero of resi dents of the city born in Germany. The 100 deaths from diarrhooal diseases inoluded 67 of ohildren undor fivo years of age, showing the infantile proportion of theso diarrhceal diseases to be conBidnrably smaller than that whioh prevails at this season in me largo I'.ngliBh towns. The intensity of tho beat in Cincinnati may bo imagined from the following figures:— Tho mean temperature of the three days— 10th, 11th, and 12th of July — was 9T4 degs. ; the minitnnm reading in the shade on those days was 805 degs., and the maximum 103-5 degs. This tropical heat far exceeds any recorded in London last month, unusual as that was.— Zancei. Thb Last of the Polytechnic. — We (London Times, August 26) are sorry to announce that this ia the last week of the old Polyteohnic Institution in Regent-street, the plaoe where it was always ptofoesod that instruction and amusement went hand in hand, the place whero the first rude efforts of photographic art wero displayed some 40 years ago by M. Daguerre, and where tha 'diving bell,' and Pepper's ghost have delighted the childhood and boyhood of the present generation. The Polytechnic was fonnded in 1838 for the exhibition of noveltiea in tbe arts and practical scienoe, es pecially in conneotion with agriculture, manu factures, and other branohes of industry. The buildings were enlarged in 1848. They extend ts a depth of more thnn 300 feet. The interior at present, with its central hall and larger and smaller theatres, is too well known both to Londoners and to ' oountry cousms' to need any detailed description. We may state, how nnr. th«t. the floor of the hall was oricrinallv occupied by two canals, with a surface of 700 feet of water, attaohed to wbioh wore the Bp purtenances of a dockyard, lockB, water-wheels, steamboat models, &o;,, but those were removed in order to admit of more of the products of terra firm), geological strata, agricultural im plements, specimens of glass- blowing, and other delicate operations, ub well ns to make room for lectures open to classes of young people of either sex. It is to be closed after Saturday next, tho shareholders of the company having resolved to place the concern in liquidation, and the in stitution and its varions contents and ' pro perties' will shortly be brought to the hammer. TElHGaAPHB AND RAILWAYS IN ObIKA. — China will in all probability unexpectedly derive advantage from the recent spectre of a Russian invasion. The palace authorities have hitherto been strongly opposed to the construction of railways within the frontiers of the empire. It is not very lone ago that the Chinese Go vernment bought up und silently removed a railway constructed and worked by foreign capitalists, considering tho Sedan chair a suffi ciently rapid und luxurious means of locomo tion. But tho Ministers who had to prepare for war wore greatly hindered by the complete absence of suitable menus of trausport for troops and stores, and the people in tho palace are beginning to see that the great empire without railways and telegraphs is in reality defenceless. Preparations are now being made to provide for both most exten sively. About a year ago ttie JMuperor or his counsellors gave their sanction for a telegraph between Pokin, Ticn-tsiu, and Shanghai, which will probably bo comploted this year ; and but little doubt exists that all the great cities of the empire will shortly be united by telegraph. Imperial permission has also been obtained for a railway from the capital to tho port of Tien-tsin, a distance of 70 miles, and from thero to the river Yangtza kiang, 600 milee further south. The Imperial exchequer is not at present in u state to defray the expense of such extensive undertakings with the means at its disposal; but foreign capital may bo hud to any extent if only suffi cient guarantees are given to investors that tbe railways will be oonstruoted and worked in the way deB'red by them. Tho whole movement iB of tho greatest significance, an a proof that tho Chinese are beginning to see that Confucius is somewhat antiquated, und that they must some how or other adopt and work modern ideas if their empire is not to tumble to pieco.'. — Iron. CEcraHBNiOAL Methodist Cootebexcb. — The (Ecumenical Methodist Conference, to bo held at City road WeBloyan Chapel, London, next week (says tho Times of August 26;, promises to be one of tho most interesting ever held since the days of the WesleyB. The denominations number over 4,000,000 actual communicants, and a Methodist population of 18,000,000. The members of tho conference will number 400, one- half of whom represont British and Conti nental Methodism, and one-half the ohurohos of the United Btates and Canada. Tbe oon lerenco is compoueu ui my uuu clerical delegates equally, and its main objects will be ' to devise means for prosecuting tho home and foreign work so as to result in the greatest economy and efficiency; to promote fraternity; to increase the moral and evangelical power of u common Methodism, and to socure the more speedy conversion of the world.' Thb Plaque in Ikdia Shawls.— United StateB Oonsnl G. H. Heap calls the attention of the Government of tho United States to the continued prevalence and extension of the plague in tho region about tho I .ower Euphra tes. A. point of groat interest in the report in the attention it calls to the danger of infooted articles being received from districts mentioned in former despatches. HhawlB, rugs, and car pets coming from thcBO districts are usually packed in close bales, and not opened till they reach thoir port of destination in Europe or America. Such articles are frequently thoBo whioh have been in use by families in which a death from contagious disease has occurred, and induced a sale of effects regarded as dangerous. Italy, Russia, and Egypt have appreciated the danger, and taken measures to guard against infeotion from this Bourco.— Sanitary Record. Habthato the Nihilist — A despatch hnB been roooived by the United States Government from St. Petersburg, which says that the Rus sian Government havo decided to ask for Hnrtmann's extradition, and that tho Russian presB oensurcB the United States for harbouring criminals, and for being generally a lawless country. Hortmonn's friends soy they had information to the Bame effeot when he fled to Canada, bnt bo will now remain and test tho question. What akd How MVoii a Man Should Eat. ? According to the Scotsman, Dr. Wilson, the eminent physiologist and Combe lecturer for Scotland, in the course of a recent address, said that a hoalthy adult should conf umo per day 4?,- ozs. of nitrogenous matter, about 3 ozs. of fat, 14 ozs. of starches aud sugars, and 1 oz. of minorals. ThiB amount of nourishment might bo obtained by eating 16 ozs. of meat, or its equivalent, 19 ozs. of broad, and 3J- oz-. of butter ; whilo water should bo absorbed to tbe amount of 62 ozs. The amount of food required varied with the conditions undor which the person lived. Thus for a man in idleness, 2 67 ozs. nitrogenous, and 19'Gl of carbonaceous matter might suffice ; but for one engaged in ordinary labour, the proportions should be'4'56 of nitrogenous, and 29 24 of carbonaceous; and for one at hard labour, 6'8l of nitrogenous and 34 97 of carbonaceous. It was [stated that 2J lbs. ^of beef would afford as much nourishment as 10 lbs. of pota toes ; and the leoturor remarked that we could not have a oontented people whero potatoes formed a largo proportion of the dietary. In rogord to toa, again, regret was expressed that the poor should sot bo much store by an articlo which oontained no flesh- forming elements, whilo cocoa, with broad and milk, formed a dietary on which a largo amount of work could bo done. Tho rjlaco of tea and coffoo, it was explained, was that of aids to nutrition and proventers of waste. As to alco hol, ho renmrkod that much of its action on tho body was yot a sealed book. This much had boon ascertained, that alcohol was positively injurious to tho young and growing body. Tho healthy adult had no necessity for it ; but the medical man had to consider alcohol from this point of view, that human lifo was not rogu latea Dy a Biological ruio oi tnreo. xnere woro differences of constitution, and alcohol might, in somo cusos, bo useful ns u dige.itiro aid. He did not Buy that in all cases that held good, but he was very far from taking isp tho position that there was no good in alcohol, and no use in wine. Ho quite sympathised with tho tem perance agitation as regarded too many of those drinkiog customs of this country, which had neither physiology nor common sense on their side. Alcohol should only bo tuken along with food, and in that caBo it might hnvo dietiouses. 