horticultural show. The autumn exhibition of the Horvkullural' Society of Victoria was opened in tho Town Hall yesterday, by his Excellency the Governor. The hall was fairly filled with the different horticul tural product of the season : fruit, of course, bcini? Tirodmmmmt. nnri nf vorv excellent quality, though not quito so numerous in varieties as on pomo previous occa sions—one of the largest growers, Mr, C. Draper, being absent. The special prize of 10 guineas, offered by Mr. T. Sracaton, fruiterer, Collins-street, for a collection of thirty kinds, was awarded, without competition, to Mr. H. U. Cole. Shorlaml, Upper Hawthorn, who well deserved the prise, bis collection being quite Jiral-chiFs in character, nearly every dish most excellent in quality : the Hamburg grapes were exceedingly tine. The colled ion consisted of six apple.-." six pears, six grapes, beside melons, almonds, figs, qmneev, lemons, walnuts, Cape gooseberries, passion flowers and medlars. Mr. J. O. Colo, ilichmoud Nurseries, liad a very numerous collection heaped on a large basket, for exhibition only. Apples were exceedingly good, notwithstanding the droughty seasou e\\- j ur-rienced, but the brst enne irotu the rathe cool districts of Hnqhury, Mount Alexander and .Morniiigton. Mr. .'auies. fa»ny. of Hurcourt, took fir.-t price far twenty-four varieties with an exceedingly regular and lino lot, beating Mr. .Shepherd, i-t Somerville, and lour other. Shepherd's were very little infartorio Lang's, and were efrcn more highly colored. Vor twelve varieties lor ifasrt there were six competitors, .Shepherd taking first place and Lang second a;ain with vei.v excellent exhibits. Lang had the best aud the Heaviest cooking apple, his largest being Gloria Muudi, aiso known as Allay- bank Seedling : .Shepherd again second, but. as before, running very close. Charles May, Sun- bury, had the best dlsli of dessert apples— 'fas' Orange Pippin— heating Shepherd, who showed Gravenstein. Pears were not. upon tbo whole, quite so good a the apples, though some of the single dishes were well grown and of good quality. May had the best twenty- four : Lnngstrcond. The fatter won the first pri.-.e for a single diah, with Bcurro Hardy, heating .May's Marie Louise. Lang showed some dishes of very excellent plums, omo: the best being Ooe's Golden Drop. Not a single melon was brought forward for a separate pri.w. A very large collection of fruit from tho g.iMen of the society was staged. It eonsLled of ili'M kind1; of apple, seventy of pear, nine melons, fourteen touialoc. four qnfaccs. egg plant frnit nnd other. The Red Cros-; Company showed a qmuiliiv of their first-class preserved fruit and vegetable?, seme of the fruit three year in bottle. It consists of jams and jellies, a dozen kinds; eight sorts oi tarr fruit, preserved in water in tins, and a dozen sorts in bottle, all looking very tempting : also "a dozen kinds of pickles, in making jam, the company extract the whole or a large portion of the stones from plums and other stone fruit. Dot plant wereahnnta numerous as are gene rally seen at autumn shows, though one or two of the principal, exhibitors were absent. The bulk of them were foliare plknts, flowering p'aois being very source. .Mr. Henry Boyee was the largest exhibitor, winning many of the first prizes. He had good plants of Allamr.nrln. some magnificent Crotorqj, good Dracienus, very large Aoalypbas. a fine Laiania Corhomca, and an Africa Ballerisna. a pretty Cyc;vs revoluta, Peris- tr-ria ?U<a, (tho Holy Ghost plant) and othor orchids.. S. and fl. Johnson, nursery men. showed a considerable number ot plants, including tho handsome Alocnsia wacnlnti. J. Cameron, iptrdenr to Mr. IiiiKey, Kow, a new exhibitor, had some good plants, among them a fine specimen of the palm rtyeospcrmurn Ounnmgiinrnii. Por»e good ferns were shown hy Roye, Johnson, Cameron and others iu their collodions. 1 Joyce's Wondwardia radical! is a "very fine specimen ; Johnson's Adiantum Cardio.'fifann equally good. Fuchsias were small, hut well-flowered and very prettv. Among the best grown plants wore tho Coleuses shown hy J. X. Docket, gardener to Mr. Harri son, Hawthorn ; they were of e.mirnl form, well proportioned, nnd averaged upwards of B fcer in height. Cameron had also sonio good plants. Jii the class for auiatems Mr. Y». ihtilby '.showed an exceedingly nice lot of plants, among them a Lapftcerfa rosea in flower. -Mesr«. Jackson and Rit- hie had al.:o anuin'oer of good amateur' plants. .Mr. b. Carson showed a small plaut of the pretty Loriia daynna. The only "new or rare" nhuit shown was a inaranta hy S. and G. Johnston. Mr. Guilfoyle sent a lot of good specimen, chiefly of palms, from the Rotanieal Gardens. Cut flowers were very bright and fresh, t». prizes falling to the usual competitor, and to J. Holt, Kow, a new- exhibitor. Dahlias were excellent in quality, though hardly so large a on some former occa sions. 0. Jackson had the best, heating »S<;oti and Pons in eighteen, and oldaining several other prizes. The Lot1 quota wore also by the usual ex hibitors, and. as handsome as usual. Tho two stands by Mrs. R. .Shut took and Miss R Jackson wore lightly and elegantly dressed, and so near alike in merit as to be awarded equal lirst prizes. Miss Sloddart's bund bouquet for Mr. Grant's special prize was grand, though, like the rest, composed of too many- and too .small flowers. Vegetables, though not so numerous as usual, were of excellent quality, the greater portion by the usual grower. T. MT. Dockelt showed an uncommonly fine brace of cucumbers, a good pair, about 2 feet in length. .Some excellent vege tables wore sent from the Alfred Hospital, l>y James O'Connell, the gardener, oon.sisting of fivo marrows and ten pumpkins, weighing SO lb. to 1121b. each. 