RETRACING. flitting from the Tiber to the Bosphorus, what came of it-The 3 results- >fhe Chnroh forewarned of heretics— 0r(Jer of things, order of thought, and order of speeoh—Truth in doctrine ganrded by exact language— Arras condemned in the Canon of the Mass— Cranmer's testimony to the Infallibility— Protestants Nestorians—The Eoumenioal Synods, the Church's "Councils of War-"] IK the year of our Lord 300, that is, 1581 jars ago, the sceptre of the vast and mighty iean Roman Empire was in the hands of ,gan autocrats, who were to their pagan ,bjects not only emperors but gods, and lere addressed as "YourDivinities !" Twenty jars later on, and less than twenty, the pagan operors were gone, vanquished, dethroned, ead and the English Constantino, born at srk reigned in their stead, and ruled the ide imperial realm as its first Christian iiperator, but not its god. Constantine wa e Bon of the Cwsar Constantius Chtortw and s wife, the English Princess Helena, who terwards found the true cross at Calvary. empire, in 300-306, was divided and Dverned by 4 imperial chiefs. To Constantine •longed the provinces of Britain, Gaul, and pain. By conquering Maxentius, who •Id all Italy, A.D. 312, Constantine became aster of the western portion of the empire. „d having also overthrown Galerius and ~. . . i -r-i . I i icinius, who shared the East between lem, Constantine united their dominions, ad as sole monarch of a consolidated imperial Dmain, whose emblem and whose ensign for )0 years had been The Eagle, which, from evrie on the seven fateful Latian Hills, oked forth upon the nations south and eaBt d north and weBt, and marked them as its :ey. Upon these seven hills Romulus had gilt his city under an augury of eagles, as they say," and called it PW/UTJ—Roma— rength, power, force. Such is the name ad sucli the meaning : and what city has laganism ever built more aptly named or mblemed, as by this bird so sharp of beak, nd strong and swift of wing, and fierce of yc, and shrill of shriek, and firm and powerul of claw, to seize the nations north and onth, and east and west, and hold them fast thousand years in the grasp of its iron ions. But a change is at hand. Constan- ine resolves to shift the seat of government rom the banks of the Tiber to the banks of le Bosphorus, and place his throne on the even Hills of Byzantium, some 15 days' ourney from themlls of old Ronre. And it done. Byzantium becomes the city of Contantine, and grows rich and grand, and •arlike, and populous, and subtle in its olitical and diplomatic lore. Now, from mong many I select 3 results of this transfer f the imperial seat from old Rome and the •uirinal, to that we now call " The Golden lorn" and "The High Gate" (Sublime 'orte). 1st, it ultimately removed tho Emperors out of the way of the Popes, and IIUB opened the road for the universal eccgnition of the Papal Supremacy; 2nd, the iliauge raised up a proud and insolent rival at Jonstautinoplc to the Supreme Pontiff at tome, in the person of the bishop of the Jyzantine metropolis; 3rd, it led to what oon became, and has ever since continued to the most withering of moral hot winds hat have ever blown over the Church's ;arden, and that was, and is, the dominance the secular power over the spiritual authority. It led to the supremacy of the lacsar over the appanage of ChriBt; it everted the divine order of " Church and State," and cursed the earth anew with the 'fgiine of "State and Church." The iyzantine Emperors finally asserted themas heads of the Church, as well as icads of the State; and this doctrine was afterwards embraced by the Othos and Henrys of Germany, by some of the Kings of France, and Spain, and England, the doctrine iroclaimed by Erastus, and so sacredly hated iythe Scotch Calvinist Presbyterians, that they—quite in charity—dirked their episcopalian brethren's jugulars when those episcopal brethren endeavoured to force it upon them. Erastianism really originated &t; Constantinople, where a schismatical "-•'- 1 -- submitted to be an emperor's in order to maintain himself his opposition to the Head at Rome. I only indicate these 3 Jesuits which followed the removal of the imperial centre of government from the Old Borne to the New. I do not go into the narrative any further. This much was required for the (dearer understanding of Mr. Cranmer's basis of operations in demolishing the worship of God in England, whioh had come to England from Rome, where that worship, in all its essential features, had been approved of, sanctioned, and practised by the Apostle Peter. Cranmer said that ^Ecumenical Councils were not to be convoked without the will and commandment of princes—that M, of kings and emperors. So that, if the Emperor didn't will it, and command it, no dSoumenical Council could ever assemble. The very life of the Chnroh was thus extinguished, and the will and commandment of Christ made void. Cranmer falsely pretends that Eoumentoal Councils were of no importance to the Church, as they were liable to err, and had erred, both in the form ?f worship whioh they had instituted and in their definitions of doctrine. H« craftily, •and with all that wily and servile ©owardioe whioh _ saturated his character, mentioning the name of any particular Counoil whioh he so slanderously accuses of error. But as he was very well aware that the ^Ecumenical Council of Trent was then oonvened, though its decrees were not published, he felt it safer and more favourable to his infamous purpose to deal maliciously in calumnious generalities. The proper mode of confuting Cranmer's vague libels is to show what the Ecumenical Councils have done and decided. THE WAS. All good Catholics know that there is an eternal war going on between good and evil, the evil ever striving to obtain the upper hand. Our Divine Lord forewarned His Apostles that the spirits of darkness would never cease to assault and harass the faithful, and seek to " deceive, if it were possible, the very elect" t [Matt. xxiv. 24]. And St. Paul, in his last exhortation to the clergy of Miletus and Ephesus, mournfully warned them that, " Of your own selves shall men arise, speaking perverse things, to draw away followers after them" [Acts xx. 31]. The spirit of heresy thus so solemnly deprecated has been enlisted by the prince of the fallen rebel angels on his side, and has inflioted deep and painful wounds on the Church, from the days of St. Peter, and St. Paul, and St. John, down to the days of Dollinger, and his handful of Alt-Catholics. No heretic ever believes that he is a heretic. The heretics evermore labour under the Satanic delusion that it is the Church which is wrong and they in the right, and will die rather than admit their heresy to be what it really is, or to give it up. The war, there- goes on from age to age; the Church in ever in confliot with the powers and spirits of evil. Her object is to uphold and defend the true faith; the powers of darkness fio-Mmir fighting Avar ever r/i to nosfrnr destroy r.hnr that Trnfl true fflirh faith. ^CTTUEKIOAI. COUNCILS, are part and parcel of the Church's discipline, and of her defence, for heresy consists, as St Paul has said, in speaking "perverse things." Heresy is the putting of false meanings on the language of the Church, in which she confesses the true faith in its true acceptation. Heresy thus violates the Order of speech; for as there first, an Order of things, so there is, second, an Order of thought, and as there is an Order of Thought, so also there is an Order of speech or language, ind language is guided by rules of what we oall grammar. Hence, we speak of the ' grammatical sense" of a sentence or paragraph. To violate the grammatical sense of language is to falsify and violate the order of thought, and to violate the order of thought is to misconceive and violate the order of things, which is what insane or malevolent people do. We are to believe certain things about God and ourselves which God has revealed to us. And we are to believe these things as God revealt them in their verity or true order. We must think these things as God thinks them, and not otherwise. If we think revelation otherwise than God thinks, we fall into the sin of Lucifer, which lost him heaven and all its joys. We must think rightly of the things revealed, and then, in correct and corresponding words, we must express our thoughts or mode in which we believe; and the language in which we so express ourselves must not be perverted or twisted from its proper grammatical sense. And this, for one thing, is just what the Churoh does in Ecumenical Councils. Heretics have perverted the Church's language, and the Church won't allow it to be perverted, and permit " different" meanings to be put upon it. It is this putting of " different" meanings on the revelation of God which makes different Churches'' and different baptism's, to the contradiction of God's written Word. Arius of Alexandria, probably following the heretical speculations of Lucian and Paul of Samosata and their party, thought for himself concerning the nature of God, as held and taught by the Church, as held and taught by the 12 Apostles. His bishop first expostulated with him, then rebuked him, and, at last, censured him and excommunicated him as a heretic, or one who perverted the Church's language, and put a false construction on it. The Churoh taught that the Logos, or Son of God, and second person of the holy and undivided Trinity, was in all things equal with the Father, and Arius said: No, the Son is not equal in all things to the Father: the Son is not of the same substance as the Father; but the Son is the first and greatest representation of the power and glory of the Father, being created by the Father before all worlds, and, having created Him, then employed Him to create all worlds, and all angels, and all men. The Nature of the Godhead was thus altered, and the doctrine of the Apostles, as they left it to the Churoh, was denied. How was the true faith to be determined ? Only by calling together the whole Church, and taking her opinion upon the new doctrine of Arius. In every diocese, all over the world, the bishop represents the faithful of each diocese Every true Catholic believes exactly as the orthodox bishop of his diocese believes, and the bishop believes as his flook believes. If any bishop should think differently from his flock, he would soon be detected atad eluded. In the Unity of the faith the bishop and his spiritual children agree, and, therefore, they all use the language of the Ohnroh in the same sense—that is, the language which the truths or doctrines of the Churoh are stated. So the Emperor Constantine, with the consent of St. Sylvester, Bishop of Rome, and Sovereign Pontiff of the Unrversal Church, in?ited all the bishops of the Churoh to meet at. Nioea, in Anatolia, a province of Bithynia, and, in full assembly, declare what the true faith was. And they came. For 2 months 12 days they consulted together, and then deoided that the doctrine of Arius was a novel and therefore a false doctrine, different from the doctrine of the Church everywhere since the Apostles' days, and contrary to the revelation of Christ. The Council of Nicea, A D. 325, then adopted a word which should express truly the true doctrine of the Churoh on the nature of the Logos, or Son of God. This word was very different from a word used by Arius to express his doctrine concerning the Son. Arius said the Son was " like " the Fatherthat is, in substance or essential nature. Now, one man may be very Kke another man, but not be the same man. Likeness is not identity, and this was just what Arius said of the Son of God. The Father Almighty, who alone was God, created the Son, and then bestowed upon Him creative, that is, almighty power. The Church said this was false doctrine, and declared the true faith to be that the Logos, or Wisdom, or Son of God was from all Eternity self-existent with the Father, and—not like, buttle same in substance or essential nature as the Father in power, majesty, and divinity, as the preface for Trinity Sunday in the Canon of the Mass has it " Ut in confessione verse sempiternoeque Deitatis, et in Personis proprietas, et in essentia unitas, et in majestate adoretur equalitas." Now, the word selected by the Catholic Church, in Ecumenical Council assembled to express her mental apprehension of the truo doctrine was Qfiuovtriov, while the word used by Arius to convey his conception of the relation between the Father and Son was'O^cooiTio*'. There is but a single letter of difference between the two words, but that letter makes ail the difference between true and false doctrine. But, supposing Arius to be in error, and that he withdrew from the Catholic Church and set up a Church, that is, a sect of his own, then we should have a " different Church," and, in the same sect, a false Church. And the same remark will apply to Macedonius, who denied the divinity of the Holy Ghost; and toNestoriuB, who taught that Christ had two persons, and to Eutyches, who held that Christ had but one nature, and to every other heresy condemned and anathematised by the Churoh of Christ. AH these might form "different" associations and call them " Churohes," while they were simply heresies, whioh in different ways denied the veracity of God. I want, then, to know from Mr. Cranmer, the real founder of the Anglican seM, was the Catholic Church right or was she wrong when she stamped her mark of condemnation on Arius, Macedonius, Nestorius, and Eutyches ? The apos- tate miscreantmust say—byaperjurer's knack of self-confutation he has said it in Articles II. and V.—that the Catholic Churoh was right when she condemned and oast out these four heretics. He grants that she was right. Well, then, if she was right, she was infallibly right; and only an infallible Church could in such case decide. The Catholic Church knew infallibly that Arius was a false prophet; but Eutyches, Photius, Apollinaris, Nestorius, and Paul of Samosata, couldn't know and couldn't say that Arias was wrong, because they had no infallible knowledge of truth. If they had, they couldn't have fallen into error, and they would have clung to the Church's teaching. CEAUMEB'S TESTIMONY. By Cranmer, I mean the Anglican Pro- . i i j T> i: ~—mido " P,}mr/»H of England," whose " religion" is the 39 Articles. Cranmer, the father, and fabricator, and Frankenstein of this sixteenth-century - made " Church," says " General—meaning Ecumencical—Councils have erred. ' But he also says they did not err when condemning Arius and Macedonius, and the Monophysites and the Monothelites, and Nestor and Melitus. How does Cranmer know that the Church was right, when she condemned these as heretics? Cranmer, and all AngUcans, and all ProteBtants, hold the doctrine of Nestonus, whose belief in Christ's having two person*; the Church condemned in the General Council of Ephesus, A.D. 431. If Christ had the person of Man, then he must have had a man as father for his human person. But the Apostles oreed declares that — Christ was begotten - , ,, by the Holy Ghost. From whom, then, did fie TAftnive the nersonahty of a man ( JNesconus, whom Cranmer himself admits to have bean infallibly condemned by a Synod of the whole Churoh, actually held the dootrine of Nestorius, as all Protestants do; and yet, mArtaticles n. and V. practically aoospts the decision of Ephesus, and in so doing admits his own heresy, and that it was rightly con- demned!!! " ' The Church and her ner jwjumenioai Ecumenical Synods are infallible for 500 yews, but only infallible in some respects, and fallible in others, as if the Holy Ghost went away from her in A.D. 326, or 431, or 481, and not xn 451, or 653: the Holy Ghost going away and coming back on some capricious impulse. CRANMEB IS A NESTOBIAN. There is said to be a class of persons who need good memories, and Cranmer was one of that forgetful olass. He receives the decision of the Church against Nestorius,yet boaste that he holds Nestor's doctrine. He believes that Christ had two persons—the person of Uod the Son not born of Mary, and the person of born of Mary. Of this latter person alary was the mother, and therefore only the mother of the human nature and *of O* Mother of God. NoArtide of the 39_*ffirms that Mary is the Mother of God. Jfo Protestant believes that she was. Certainly not Mr. Cranmer; and yet, in flus first 5 of the 39 Artioles, he impliedly acknowledges that the heretics who denied the <Jootones of the Trinity, the.Incarnation, and the true and proper Humanity and Bivmiiy. of Christ, were all justly condemned by Ecumenical Councils; yet, with Wl a heretic's intellectual blindness and frowarfl- ness, by his own individual misbelief, he will have thoBe Councils to be in one and the same decision—to be both infallibly right, and fallibly wrong. Cranmer assents to the condemnation of Nestorius, yet refuses to believe that Mary was the Mother of God. The Ecumenical Synod of Ephesus declared Mary to be The Mother of God. The " Church of England" denies this truth—yet, 0 mystery of self-stultification, professes to conour in this condemnation of Nestor! ECOHBNIOAX. COUNOIM OF WAS. The foregoing remarks were needed to make the doctrine, or the creed, or the " religion" of the Cranmerite heresy more apparent in its antagonism to the Church of Christ and its renunoiation of the Christian Faith, as defined, declared, professed, preached, defended, and witnessed to by that one, true, undivided, and invisible Churoh assembled in ecclesiastical parliament, or Ecumenical Synods at Nicea, Constantinople, Ephesus, Chaloedon, and the Church or palace of the Lateran at Rome. An Ecumenical Council is the whole .Catholic Church met for consultation, and for selflegislation and self-adjustment or discipline. The Supreme visible Head of the Churoh is there in person, or by his Legate; and nothing is lawfully binding on the body of the Faithful unless he, as tneir chief pastor and doctor, confirms the decisions or decrees of the Council. The 9 Ecumenical Synods mentioned in my paper, in last week's Advocate, were all officially signed and ratified by the Pope, and received by all Christian congregations in Christendom. Let us now see when, and where, and why the remaining Synods were oelebrated. In doing so, all esteemed readers will, of course, remember that theBe Synods were part of the Church's strategies, those systematic counsels, plans, arrangements, and modes of carrying on that awful, neverceasing war whioh she must wage on behalf of God's revealed truth, and of the morality of which that truth is the basis. General Councils are the Church's Councils of War, in which she considers the best methods of resisting and repelling^ the stratagems, schemes, devices, aggressions, and deep laid tactics and assaults of her deadly and indefatigable enemy. For 300 years he assailed her by pagan fire and sword in ten successive persecutions. Then he ohanged his tacties, and stirred up prieBts and bishops, and princes and people, here and there, to disturb her, to disunite her, to divide her, to molest and harass and hinder and disintegrate, break up, and so defeat the grand Army of the Cross in detail. All these im- pediments and internal disorders the Churoh looks into, examines as a surgeon looks at and examines a wounded arm or bruised leg, and then applies the proper remedy. In war, at Waterloo, at the Boyne, at Sedan, many limbs were sorely gashed. No battle can be without bloodshed, and sabre cuts, and soars, and many slain. So will it be to the end. But the soldier who bides faithful and obeys orders, and fights on to the last, will be very glad indeed in the day of victory, when the King himself shall distribute the medals and garlands of everlasting merit and reward to his brave, obedient, and triumphant warriors. 24th May, 1881. 