DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. (From our own Correspondent.) A number of the old residents of Bendigo and the' surrounding districts entertained Dr. Backhaus at a farewell breakfast, on Thursday morning, 15th -September. A hundred persons were present including two clergymen of the Church of England. An apology was xead from the Presbyterian minister, Dr. Nish, who was unable to accept the invitation. Dr. Backhaus, in the course of his remarks, said that he trusted that -those who had the training of the young -in the future would tread in the paths of -bindneBs and good feeling towards one another. In that way, the young would be reared to |be good citizens, and the Jruit thereof would be seen in generations to come. The following document, was read in the pro-Cathedral on last Sunday:— In the name of the Most Holy and Undivided Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy '©•hoBt. Amen. For the greater glory of God, and of our Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ, and in honour of the Immaculate Virgin Mary Mother of God, and of the toly apoBtles, SS. Peter and Paul, and of St. Kilian, and all the saints, We, Martin Crane, by the favour of God and of the Apostolic flee, Bishop of Sandhurst, decree and jcpnvokp the first diocesan synod to be commenced in our Cathedral Church on ZuBsday next, the 20th of September, in the year of our Lord, 1881. We earnestly ask our faithful people to offer prayers to the Holy Ghost, that whatever shall be done in the synod,-may tend to promote the glory of God and the salvation of souls. '1 his decree is affixed -tb'the doors of our "Cathedral in conformity with the canons and laws of the Holy Catholic Church. The first session of the diocesan synod was opened on Tuesday, With much solemnity and grandeur, particulars of which will appear in next issue. I am glad to be able to report that the LadieB' Land League in Sandhurst i« making very satisfactory progress. Some gratifying lists of contributions will shortly be published. Among those ladies who are working energetically in the matter, I might mention Mrs. P. Hayes, wife of our worthy ex-Mayor, and Mrs. J. O'Hagan., The former, I believe, has already collected over forty pounds towards this most worthy object. Misa Anna Parnell, no doubt, will be pleased with such substantial co-operation. While on the subject of the Land League, Irishmen in Victoria have reason to bo proud of the grand receptiou which Mr. Walshe is receiving wherever he goes. This proves to demonstration that a patriotic spirit actuates the Irishmen of this colony. This is as it should be. >J<MABTIH, Bishop of Sandhurst. 18th September, 1881. 