FORTNIGHTLY SUMMARY OF NEWS FOR HOME READERS. His Excellency Sir J. H. Lefrroy still remains at Government House. On the 15th inst. he presided at the annual meeting of the Bible Society, and last Monday he was present and made a suitable address st the presentation of prizes, given by Major Fysh for competition by the Rifle Regiment. This evening he has accorded his patronage to Herr Band- mann's representation of Kichard III. Cap- tain C. E. Hussey, who has been Private Secre- tary and aide-de-camp to His Excellency since his arrival here, leaves by this mail, to join his regiment in England. A Northern journal states that "he will be succeeded as Private Secretary by Mr. George Lefroy, His Excellency's nephew." Since the date of our last Summary the items of Parliamentary intelligence have neither been remark- ably numerous nor specially exciting. In the House of Assembly, one of the chief subjects brought under discussion, and one indeed which has occupied the greater portion of the sitting time of the House during the past fortnight, has been the Branch Roads and Bridges Maintenance Bill, which may briefly be described as a measure in- tended to prevent roads and bridges on which public money is spent falling into disrepair, by making road trustees responsible for their maintenance. On the 16th inst, the second reading was agreed to, and the same evening a long debate took place as to whether trustees should be consulted before works were under- taken by the Government, a proposition which the House settled in the negative. On the evening of the 24th inst, the bill, with various amendments, passed through committee. On the 17th inst. the House debated the question of the Mersey and Deloraine Railway, on a proposition that the House go into com- mittee, which was agreed to, and in committee a long discussion took place, chiefly with relation to the site for the terminus, which was eventually fixed at Formby. On the 18th inst. the Colonial Treasurer, while speaking to a motion for the appointment of a select committee to enquire into the working of the Customs Duties Act, somewhat surprised the House by a statement that a system of double invoices had been adopted by firms supposed to be respectable, with a view to prevent payment of Customs duties, when articles are imported from Mel- bourne, either in the Victorian drawbacks or the im- porter's profit. He also animadverted on the want of Judgment displayed by the Customs officers in connec- tion with ad valorem duties. At the same time he made the important announcement that he thought, judging from the still increasing revenue of the colony, it would be the duty of the next Parliament to make remissions of Customs duties, and to modify the Stamp Duties and other taxes. He thought the appointment of a select committee to enquire into the working of the Customs Act would greatly aid the House in its future delibera- tions on the subject, and the committee was accordingly appointed. The Criminal Law Amendment Bill has been read a second and third time in the Assembly, and bills have been introduced to regulate the inspec- tion of mines, to amend the Act to provide for the erection of schoolhouses, to amend the Deceased Persons Estate Act. The Legislative Councll sat on four days last week, and then adjourned for seven days, simply because there was no business worth sitting for. Its chief act while it did sit was to settle the vexed question of the seat for the Tamar. The 14th section of the Consti- tutional Act empowers the Council to do so, and as an additional safeguard, the opinion of the law officers, the constitutional advisers of the Crown, was obtained. Two members spoke in opposition to the resolution offered by the Colonial Secretary, but eventually the resolution was carried without a division. The result is that, without the intervention of a Doubts Removal Bill, which had been brought in with a view of meet- ing the difficulty, but was afterwards abandoned, the present member for Tamar, Mr. Scott, is con- firmed in his seat, and Mr. Grubb's seat for Meander is also assured. The two hon. members, who have latterly withdrawn from attendance, may now take their seats and give their aid in the business of the country. In connection with the late Huon election, a ridiculous display is being made by a portion of the electors, for a public meeting of the electors has been called for to-day, at the Picnic Hotel, "to consider whether the Hon. Wm. Fisher represents the majority of electors or the majority of the Elections and Qualifications Committee." The movers in this matter seem simply biting the file. Their motives are as intelligible as their powers are futile. A deputation, introduced by Messrs. Douglas, Lette, and Scott, waited on the Ministry on Wednes- day last, asking that the police district of George's Bay and Ringarooma, and the electoral district of Portland to include the two police districts, should be defined. The definition given by the Colonial Secre- tary met the views of the deputation, who retired entirely satisfied with the result of their enquiry. A Court of General Sessions was opened on the 15th inst., but there was no business to transact. A sitting of the Supreme Court in its lands claims jurisdiction was held on Friday, August 10. In the case of Crowther and Ors. applicants, which had first come before the Court on the 19th August 1880, involving a disputed title, the Court held the deeds in question to be valid and genuine, and made an order in favour of the applicants that grant be issued. Criminal Sittings, presided over by Judge Dobson, were opened and con- cluded on the 25th inst., at Launceston. Patrick Lennane, on a charge of perjury, was sentenced to imprisonment for 18 months, with hard labour; Frank Scott, alias David Jones, was sentenced to imprison- ment for three years, with hard labour, for an indecent assault ; and John Dunn, ou a charge of stealing money, was sentenced to be imprisoned for 12 months, with hard labour. The members of the Royal Commission, in connection with the late Melbourne International Exhibition, have very little left to do, and they only await a reply to their request for an advance of money from the Government, to enable them to keep to their engage- ments, when their final report will be sent in, and this most satisfactory Exhibition will become a thing of the past. During the past fortnight they have despatched, per Southern Cross, a box of apples and prize Merino wool for Belgium. The apples were obtained from Mr. W. E. Shoobridge, and are of the same sorts as some sent by that gentleman to England, where they realised 19s. 6d. and 21s. a bushel. Volunteer matters have been exciting a good deal of attention lately. On the 18th inst., a proposal was made in the House of Assembly that, together with the report already tabled, the evidence taken by the Commission recently appointed to enquire into matters connected with the Southern Tasmanian Volunteer Rifle Regiment should be laid before the House. A considerable discussion ensued on the motion, ending in a division, which resulted in the proposal being rejected. As will be seen by our Par- liamentary report the matter was mooted in the Legis- lative Council yesterday. The presentation of the eight Martini-Henry rifles and other prizes, given by Major Fysh for competition to the Rifle Regiment under his command, took place on the 22nd inst., in the Town Hall, Hobart. Hia Excellency the Governor and other gentlemen, besides 130 members of the Rifle Regiment and their officers, were present. The prize winners were called to the front, and His Excellency presented the Martini rifles to the successful marks- men in the following order:- Volunteer Bowden (184 points); Corporal Paul (180 points); Volunteer T. lkin (173 points); Volunteer Thos. Walton (170 points ; Volunteer R. Plunkett (170 points) ; Cor- poral Penny (168 points) ; Volunteer Thos. Humphreys (168 points) ¡ Staff-Sergeant Richardson (165 points). In handing over the gifts, His Excellency prefaced the the action in each case with a few appropriate words of approval or encouragement. The money prizes, amounting in all to £25 4s., were presented to the following named members of the corps who had been successful in winning them. Corporal Denkes, Volun- teer Pender, Volunteer Downing, Sergeant F. Lovett, Volunteer S. Ellis, Volunteer Chambers, Volunteer Stephens, Sergeant A. Reid, Captain Davies, Volun- teer W. C. Humphreys, Volunteer Thos. Westbrook, Volunteer W. Charlton, Lieutenant J. Robertson, Volunteer F. Walton, Volunteer E. Watchorn, Colour- Sergeant J. Cuthbert, Volunteer J. Jeffrey, Corporal Bray, Volunteer Thos. Self, Volunteer Kirwan, Volunteer W. King, Sergeant A. Kirk, jun., Volun- teer E. Board, Lieutenant H. S. Barnard. Volunteer Fender received a prize for the greatest number of bulls' eyes; Volunteer Kirwan for the highest score at 500 yards ; Sergeant Lovett for the highest score at 400 yards, and Volunteer F. Walton for the highest score at 200 yards. His Excellency and Major Fysh afterwards delivered speeches on military subjects. On the 22nd inst.. at Hobart, Sergeant Bennison, of the Southern Tas- manian Artillery Corps, was elected by ballot to be recommended to His Excellency the Governor for a lieutenant's commission. The Commandant of the Tasmanian Volunteer Forces held his usual monthly parade, at Hobart, on the 15th inst. Lieut. H. S. Barnard has been appointed adjutant of the Rifle Regiment, Hobart. Gunner Martin, of the Artillery Corps, died suddenly on the 21st inst., and his funeral, wmch took place on the 24th inst., was attended with military ceremonies. It is probable that a Tasmanian team at rifle-shooters will visit Sydney in November, to take part in matches there. The mining mania is returning, though in an altered form. The depression of the past few months has been completely removed, and in the share market great activity is observable. There is not, however, the uncalculating haste of "old times" speculators having gained by experience Royal Tasmans, Victorias, Royal Mints, and other stocks that have been rising in value lately, are all considered sound property. In a very few days, when the Victoria and Royal Tasman crushings are both accomplished facts, and the results are known freely, we shall, we think, witness a very great and sudden development of mining enterprise. Hundreds of people are walting for the result of the crushings, and when once these are known, they will be rushing into the market, purchasing wholesale. Prices will then rise in good properties, and the rates in all ventures will harden. The Victoria battery has been started, and is working splendidly. The Tas- mania Co. have struck a new reef, their present reef being 4ft. wide, and showing gold. Splendid accounts are being received from the Penguin silver mine, and advices from Melbourne are to the effect that it can be floated there. Steady progress is being made at the claims in gold and tin districts all over the colony, and spring is anxiously being waited for, so that work may be pushed ahead more rapidly. Samples of coal from Victoria, Huon, have been tested in town, and found to be good for domestic purposes. Should the mine be developed it will doubtless prove great boon to the district. Several new mining com- panies have been floated lately, among which are the Orient Tin Mining Co., on the West Coast, with 40,000 shares of £1 each ; the Hamilton-on-Clyde Prospecting Association, shares to be £5 or £6 each. The West Cum- berland Tin Mining Co. has been registered, and consists of 30,000 shares of £1, the amount already paid up being £12,000. The Dundee Gold Mining Co., Bea- consfield, has also been placed in the market, and 7,000 shares were subscribed for in a few hours. Some excitement has been caused in Hobart daring the last day or two by reports of a discovery of rich alluvial tin deposits In the Scottsdale district, near the River Trent (an entirely new locality), by the Messrs. Laird, of Bosetta. Samples of ore from the prospectors' claim have been on view at the office of Messrs. McKenzie and Ingles, and the wash is stated to be 6ft and 8ft deep along two creeks in the sections, with little or no stripping. Mr. Thureau has left Hobart for the purpose of inspecting and reporting on the ?flttrleta surrounding Lymington, in which there has been much prospecting without definite results. The West Coast still continues the centre of attrac- tion to tin miners and prospectors. Companies -t-ÉÊÊt^m^^mm---? ? - formed to work, and companies formed to prospect, ' are the order of the day. Those persons interested in mining and trade generally, in the West Coast of Tas- mania, have been endeavouring; to Ret tho Govern- ment to promise to subsidise a steamer to run between Hobart, Launceston, and the West CnaBt. On the 24th August a deputation waited on tho members of the Executive, and laid before them a proposition in which the owners of the steamer Amy offered to run that vessel between the ports referred to, on the con- dition that they got a subsidy of £1,000 a year. The Government promised to take the matter into con- sideration, and subsequently declined the overtures, on the ground, it is understood, of the assumed in- adaptability of the steamer named, and the subsidising of hor is being undertaken by private enterprise. In connection with the above the Colonial Treasurer gave notice of motion in the Assembly, to the effect that he be authorised to cill for tenders for tho conveyance of mails, Government stores, and passengers, between Hobart, Launceston, and the West Coast, for a period of 12 months. At the commencement of the fortnight there was some very genial weather, but this was followed by heavy winds. Little rain has fallen, but the Weather during the last week has been very threatening. The spring flower show will bo held this year in about the middle of September. Mr. P. A. Pulleine, who it is well-known recently introduced bete the patent pro- cess of preserving fruit and other articles, and gained so much notability for his efforts, tonk a considerable number of exhibits to Adelaide. He has been awarded a special gold medal for fruit, and has secured a first pri7e for dried hops. Mr. Walden'a collection of Tas- manian grain has received a silver merin!. At the Melbourne Poultry Show, Mrs. Kermode and Mr. Moore, of Tasmania, were very successful. A new Wesleyan Church was opened at Victoria, Huon, on the 7th August, when two sermons were preached by the Rev. H. Moore. The congregation and collection were both large. The Itev. Mr. L'Oste, of Cullenswood Church, has for some time past been endeavouring to make an addition to the church in the shape of a chancel, to the end nearest the ptrsnnage, at n cost of about £100. A nsw Wesleyan Church is in contemplation at St. Mary's. The foundation stone pf a Protestant Church has been laid at Lefroy by the Von. Archdeacon Hales, who preached a most eloquent and impressive lecture in the evening. Collections are at present being made for the erection of a Wesleyan Church, between the upper and lower townships of Lefroy. The ölst anniversary of the establishment of tile British and Foieinn Bible Society was held in the Town Hall, on the 15th August ; Hil Excellency Sir J. H. Lefroy presiding. The society's report was read and adopted, and tho resolutions, usu d on suoh occasions, put and carried unanimously. A collection of £16 was taken up in aid of the Colportage fund. The attendance of the publie was large. On the 13th inst. Mr. Jas. F. Stump, late second master of the Scotch College, was presented with a handsomely framed address and purse of sovereign« by the old scholars of the College. An interesting lecture nu the Light and Shade of London Life was delivered by tho Rev. J. _ Ii, Shallberg, in St. Johu's Bchoolrooin, Maciuarie-street, on the evening of the 17th inst. Cn the evening of the 20th inst. Mr. (leo. Browne, the Judges' Associate, who, having obtained leave of absence, purposes visiting the Home country, was entertained to dinner by the Tas- manian Club. Their Honors the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Dobson, the Premier and the Speaker of the House of Assembly, and the lions. Chapman, Dobson, and Whyte, Ms.E.C, were among the company. Periodical concerts and literary entertainments oro being given by ossneintions, proving acceptable breaks in the monotony of the winter evenings. A concert was hold in the Town Hal), Deloraine, on the 12th AuguBt, under the patronage of the Pride of the West Lodi;e of Oddfellows, and proved very suc- cessful. On the same day the Australian Panorama Company performed to a good house in Franklin. On the 15th August a public meeting, to consider the ad- visability of erecting a theatre, was held at Launces- ton. The meeting was well attended, and it was re- solved that a company for the purpose named be formed ; £1,000 was guaranteed by those present. The Walker Family of Bellringers have been making a tour through the outlying townships of the colony, and have everywhere met with Buccess. On tho 17th August they gave a oonoert at Deloraine in aid of the enlargement fund of St. Mark's Church. A number of lady and gentleman amateurs gave a most successful concert in St. David's schoolroom, Hobart, on the loth August. Four hundred people were present, and the concert was enjoyed bv all. A most excellent concert was given at Franklin on the 18th Augustin aid of the Victorian brasB band, by a number of lady and gentleman amateurs from Victoria (Huon). The seoond enter Uiumentof the season in connection with St john Association, Hobart, was held on the 18th August and was largely attended. The members of the Mo- hawk Minstrel Club gave a very creditable entertain- ment at the Temp Urs' Hall, New Town, in aid of the The members of the Tasmanian Bicycle Club had a most successful meet on the 20th August. A meeting was convened in Launceston on the 20th August relative to the holding of a race meeting there, and was largely and lnfluentlallv attended. It was decided to form a new club, to be called the Launceston Race Club, and a committee was appointed to carrv out the arrangements for a race meeting to take place next summer. Professor Rico has been giving a series of I entertainments In _ Hobart , recently, and has been mystifying his audiences with his mind.reailing, feats of legerdemain, ghost illusions, and exposure of spiri- tualism. He is now making a tour through the island. The following football matches have been played during the past fortnight : -Holebrnok bes,',, Pembroke by 4 I to 0 ¡ City beat New Town by 1 to 0 ; Artillery Band beat the Rifle Band by 7 to 0 ; the Central beat the Cascade by 5 to 1 ; the Railway beat the Cricketers by 3 to 1 j the Latrobe beat the Formby by 3 to 0 ; the Oatlands beat the City by 2 to 1 ; the Holebrook boat the Cricketers by 3 to 2 ; tho Horton College beat the Ross by 2 to 0 ; the Hutchins School beat the City School by 1 to 0. The following ended in a draw : Sandy Bay v. Battery Point, New Norfolk v. Mac- quarie Plulns, Sandy Bay v. Hampden, and the New Town v. High School. The third subscription concert of the present Beason in connection with the Orchestral Union was given nt the Town Hall, on the 25th August, and proved an unqualified succesp. The Bandmaan dramatio season was inaugurated at the Theatre Royal on the 25th inBt. by the representation of the well-known tragedy of Hamlet. Herr Band- mann is supported by Miss Beaudet and other excellent artists, and bis first appearauce here was fairly success- ful. The company will remain in Hobart for twelve nights. At an extraordinary meeting of tho shareholders in the Bank of Van Diemen's Lind, held on the 10th inbt., it was resolved to purchase a suitable Bite for. and enter into a contract for the erection of bank promises. Tho present site of the Ship Hotel is spoken of as the probable place on which the premises will be erected. Tho action taken |by the Government in bringing before the House a Compulsory Vaccination Bill in the face of the present feeling of insecurity caused by the spread of small-pox in Sydney has created great public interest, the merita of arm to arm vaccination, or vaccination from the cow or calf, being warmly de- bated. A largely attended public meeting was held on the evening of the 19th inst., in the Town Hall, Hobart, to take these questions into consideration : and it was resolved that a deputation should wait on the Government, asking that compulsory vaccination should not be enforced until animal lymph had been procured, and pointing out the necessity of establishing a station for producing and issuing calf lymph. The answer of the Ministry to the deputation which waited on it on the 24th inst., was that they could not promise to withhold the compulsory clauses of the Vaccination Act, but Baid they would get animal lymph as Bpeedily as possible. The matter of the establishment of a station, they promised to give their immediate attention. Vessels arriving from Sydney are still bourded by the Health Officer, and the letters and packets fumigated before delivery. Two prisoners attempted, on the 13th inst., to escapo from cuvtody whilst the gang was being marched from the quarries to the gaol. Both were captured before they had run any great dfetance. This was the third attempt made by one of the prisoners. On the night of the 17th inst. the ketch Strathmore, bound from Circular Head to Port Pirie, stranded on the eastern beach at the former named place. The Bteamer Glenelg, loading at the wharf there, sent a boat with four men to her assistance, but the boat capsized, and Messrs. Malone and Mortimer, first and second mates re- spectively, and two seamen were drowned. AU the crew of the ketch were saved, but portion of the carpo was destroyed. Mr. Davies, manager of the Tasmania Co., had a narrow escape from severe injury or death on the 18th inst. Ho was standing on Borne quartz in a pas», when the sides collapsed and buried him. After several minutes he was resoued. He was bruised sei erely. An accident occurred to a vehicle conveying a number of footballers to the Oat- lands Railway Station on the 20th inst, by which" one of the number, F. Hewitt, sustained concussion of the brain. He remains in a critical state. At Rotherwood Ouse, Ernest St. Clair Dixon, second son of Mr. Wm. K Dixon, was killed by receiving a fracture of the skull, caused, it is believed, through his having been thrown on a stump from his pony. A shocking tragedy occurred ia Launceston on the 25th inst., Patrick Lennane, found guilty of perjury, and sentenced to imprisonment with hard labour, shot himself dead when put in the police cart to be conveyed to the gaol. Ho had been ont on bail and had not been sosrehed. He was a man ¡ed man with a family. At the Board of Examination in Sydney a few days ago, Mr. W. W. Simmons, of this port, passed suc- cessfully his examination, and obtained a certificate as chief officer, merchant service. _ At the end of this month, Captain T. M. Fisher retires from the service of the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Co., it being his intention to enter into the business of Messrs. Fisher and Facy, ship-merchants, of this port. Captain Fisher has been for many years in the service of the T. S. N. Co., being best known on the Hobart and Sydney line, and will be missed by shippers and the travelling public, with whom he had made himself s great favourite. The T.S.N. Co. have recently adopted the plan nf clothing the officers and men employed on their steamers in uniforms. The officers and stewards wear double breasted sac coals, with gold or silver buttons, and caps with the T.S.N. Co.'s badge on. A distinction as to rank is made by the number of stripes, etc. The sailors have jerseys and bonnets, also bearing the initial letters of the company. The adoption of this plan is to be commended, for it gives the vessels a much neater and more orderly appearance, and obviates confusion. On the 17th inst. a wreck occurred at Circular Head, Tasmania, and was attended with loss of life. The ketch Strathmore was driven ashore-in a heavy 8.E. gale, and a boat's crew from the b.s. Glenelg put off to the assistance of those on board the stranded vessel, but on the way the boat capsized, and the whole of her crew were drowned. Their names were James Malone, 41 years, Ireland, chief officer ; E. H. Mortimer, 27 years, England, second officer ; James Coffey, 26 years, AB. seaman ; and H. Aycolson, 24 years, Denmark, A.B. seaman. The Strathmore was a ketch of 90 tons, owned by Mr. Mitchell, of Adelaide. She was a Tasmanian built vessel. The latest reports state that she ¡b high and dry at low water, and is likely to be got off again. An addition was made to our fleet of river steamers on the 20th inst., by the arrival of the Emily May from the Gippsland Lakes. The steamer is owned by Captain H. Robinson of this port, and Mr. Alcock, of Sydney, and hu been brought here to trade on the river. She is a ne« boat, having been built at Sydney a fe ¡v months ago. She is li tons register, and 30 gross. The Emily May ia a very pretty boat and very suitable for river traffic Business still remains quiet, the transactions that tak* pla«» being confined àltoôtt «Éittrely te trade lots. { Tht brndttulb market, in conseqaeno» no doubt of the advanced mices that are ruling aUewhere, hal become decidedly firmer Wheat has not actually advanced iii price, but the stores do not care to sell at Gs bl, nnd several offers to buy at that price have been refused 1 ho grain is not in immediate require ment by millers and until they need supplies matters are likely to remain stationary, unless speculation is indulged in Flour is quoted at £12 to ¿12 10s , and sharps at £0 to £7 Bran is rather scarce, it is bring ing 13d to 14d Quotations for other grains and produce which are unchanged from those of last week, are as follow - Oats 2s 8 J to 2s 9d , peas and beans, 3s to 3s. 3d , potatoes, £2 15s to £3 and hay up to £4 Bark quotations are -Long £3 10s to £3 15s , ground, £5 to £5 10s Dairy produce quotations are also unaltered They ore -Fresh butter 1b to Is 3d potted, 9d to Is , cheese 5d to 7d , bacon, Od to 8J eggs 9d , and ham, Ud to lOd We have nothing of a more cneonragmg nature to report regard ing the fruit market. Advices from all parts still state that business in this line is very depressed The foi lowing are the current quotations forhidesandskinB - Hides- Butchers green, 10s to 22s , salted 3d to 4d per lb , country hides 6s to 12s each Calfskins Butchers , 3d. to 3Jd per lb , country do 9d to 2s each, butchers skins 3s 9d to 5s Cd each, country do , 2s to 4s Gd. each, wallaby skins fair to large 3s to 4s per dozen, do, small and shot, 2s. to 3s do , black opossum skins Is 9d to 2s. each , grey do , 5s to 7s per dozen , ringtail do , 2s to 4s. per dozen, native cat skins 2s to 3s do 1 he most noticeable points in connection with the last half yearly balance sheet of the Bank of Van Diemen s Land are the increase of deposits, equal to £35 000, and of advances £27,000 Profit and less account Btill feels the drag of liability for the deposit interest at the rate of 5 per cent We append such lists and returns as have been subject to alteration during the past fortnight STOCK AND SHARE LIST, Comoted to August 26 1831 DsscKimoic Bank$ Bank of Tan Diemen t Land (Limited) Commercial Bank Commercial Bank Bank o( Tasmania Bank of Australasia Union Bank of Australia (Limited! Insurance Campania Tasmanian Fire and Life Insurance Hobart and Lann Marine Assurance Don» ont 4i Tamar Sr« life, andraarine Cornwall Fire and Marine Insurance Mutual Fire Insurance Co of Tasmania Public Con panta Tasmanian Steam Navigation Co Hobart Gas Company Launcostoa Gas Company * And Bonus £1 Es m 7hfyr p shr £210 None £210« £110 Si g1» hi £ s a 23 0 0 105 0 0 84 10 0 40 0 0 71 0 0 03 0 0 25 60 28 0 0 43 5 0 17 0 0 14 15 0 23 10 0 12 0 0 