INTERESTING SCRAPS FROM THE "SYDNEY BULLETIN" Mr. Martin, the non-talkntiVe city repre sentative, was very severe on the unco guid the other night. " The fellows who nrc always lecturing us about doing unto our neighbours, as we would tliey should do unto us, are," says Mr. Martin, " those who will take advantnge of you whenever they get a chance," The Municipal Council of West Maitland holds its town clerk responsible for the correct ness of the civic accounts. This is a rank injustice. In some cities we have been in, old civic servants are apparently never cxpt cted to know anything, and nlwuys prove themselves up to their masters' expcetaiions. For instance, supposing that there's a £20,000 bungle — a flooring swindle — or a swindle in the roof ol the Town Hall, nobody k mivs anything about it. It wasn't in their deoartment, so how could they possibly know ? Wind is a tow 1 clerk to do ? Is he to net like a principal clt-ik in a wholesale house ? Certainly not. Ills business, «s any sensible mutt must sue, is it n l to know anything. Then why thin injustice to tha West M titlnnd town clerk ? There should always he a responsible head of the swindle department in every city corporation. Tltey say that Amtni-ts was struck dead. And yet horse sales nre held twice a week at West Mniilund. The other day a (Anglican) clcrgy-n in wrote to a Sydney wine merchant for a dozen of claret, j which wa« duly mint. In return tho merchant received a circular in dting a aubscrlption towards liquidating tlis debt on th-i church, ! which, it was explained, had up tn a very re cnt date only been fihed with temporary furniture and calico windows. " I have," wrote the clergy man, " a very grateful memory of the generous assistance afforded me in the past, nnd ain induced to ask with confidence, turtlii r help to complete tlio work. Tun pounds (£to)each from thirty subscribers would effect this, to my joy and thankfulness, die welfare of my people, nnd the glory of that Great and Dear name whereby the church is called. For the love nnd faith which thou hast towards the Lord Jesus and townrds nil Saints, I prny you help me by being one of 30 subscribers, or at least, by contributing something. — His blessing be on your generosity and on yourself. Very fervently will I thank you. Yours in Him." The mcr, chant now says that in future he'll be quiie afraid to sell claret to clergymen. The Nkws says that Prince Albert Victor "wns 17 years oi age in January last," and that j "Prince Ge,irge Frederick Ernest Albert Wales was 17 years of age last month" (June), Now, the Princes aren't twins, and what we want to I know is whether they really were bor-t — hut we stop here. We recommend the young gentlemen now that they're doing the lions ot the place, to file a bill against Alfred for treason, or else to bring a libel action against him before a jury of four, Mr. Murdoch, the distinguished batsman, is about to commence the practice of his pro- I fession at Cootaitiundra. We don't allude ! to cricket — we mean law. Not that both aren't pretty much the same thing, for one pretty soon gets mixed up with willows after having anything to do with lawyers. Up North, the other day, the unsportsmanlike owner of a certain horse was so chagrined at his animal turning out a duffer, and running a bad third, that he persuaded the owner of the second to enter a protest against the winner, and loudly offered to pay his expenses if he would bring an action against the stewards, who smilingly rejected the protest. Fortune is sometimes too generous. It occasionally bestows a racehorse where a bandicoot would be better appreciated. Mr. J. B, Steel made an appropriately gloomy Ghost, and spoke the blank verse with good effect. His figute was a hit too substnutial for a phantom, but after all, Hamlet's father may, in life, have been a six-looter with a 45 inch 1 waist. Two young ladies of Sydney are making them selves very conspicuous by the scantiness ot their dress in public and on one occasion. last week their costumes — or want of them — were the cause of hisses from moralists in the pit of the theatre. We are assured that in thus emulating Lady Godiva as tar as decency, or say fashion — which still retains some of that quality — will permit, these " block" heads (1 e , heads of the block) are instigated purely by a laudable desire to extend their circle of friends : for'the most casual acquaintance, or even an entire stranger to them, on being asked if he knew the ladies in question, can say with all truth, " Oh, yes ; I have seen a good deal of them." Mr. Lackey emulates the Emperor of Russia, just sent by the Nihilists' bomb to a higher tribunal than theirs. When the European engineers were debating the best course for a railway to follow from St Petersburg to Moscow, the mighty Romanoff took a ruler, drew a straight pencil line between the two cities, and settled the question at once. Between the estimates and the real cost of the line to Mudgee there is a discrepancy of a trifling quarter of a million, of which Mr. Lackey talks airily, showing how Mudgee cares for the finances of the colony. The original trial sections provided for gradients ot o ne in fifty hut the working sections provided for gradients of one in fifty, the working sections lessened them to one in forty-eight and fifty. An F.nglish cablegram announces that Mr. L. W. Levey, the second partner in the old firm of Cohen and Levy, is dead. Latterly, it is said, Mr. Levey, although a wealthy man, became a prey to melancholia, arising from a delusion that he was to die poor, and he had to be kept under restraint. Mrs. Levey will be remembered with gratitude, (or years to come, by many poor families in Tamworth, to whose necessities she administered. At the Orange celebration at Forbes, a clergy- rhan was referring to Ihe Bible as " the secret of England's greatness," when one of the audience yelled, " What about the new translation ? " Whereupon the words " put him out" rolled gently but determinedly through the assembly, and in a brace of shakes the interjector was translated into the cold night air outside the building. It is alleged by a satirical Parisian newpaper that a Roman Catholic priest, to free himself from the great Jabour of confession in Lent, is said to have given notice to his parishioners that on Monday he should confess the liars; on Tuesday the misers; on Wednesday the slan derers; on Thursday thieves; on Friday the libertines; and on Saturday the bad women. His scheme succeeded. None attended. During the past year the debt of the United States has been reduced by 100,000,000 dollars. v« Father Mnloney, a "silenced" Catholic priest, has been bowled out at Erie, U.S., in a'aerica of bold swindles, lie pretended to raise the dead, cure the crippled, and foretell the future. Dollars in hundreds came rolling in to him. Maloney distinctly wished it to be inferred that he had snlH- cent influence with God to be able to cure Protestants as well as Catholics. The latter were protected by their bishops, Moloney's trial wa9 about proceeding at last accounts, He wns the tnan referred to in a recent cable summary as having performed miracles. 