THE "AGU " ON SIR HENRY PARKES. THU Aye publishes a violent attack ou Sir Henry Par- kes. It says Sir Henry Purkcs made the must of his opportunities'nt, Albury. But then ho always does improve tho shining hour; it lins been his leading principle throughout life. It was hy making thu most of his opportunities that ho elevated himself from tho position of a'dealer in toys tn , that of the Premier of New South Wales, a Knight Commander of St. Michael and St. Gcorgo. 1 His political enemies: havo sometimes said that in tho way lie makes use of his opportunities, SirHonry is just a little unscrupulous? 'ibis calumny was asserted of the honourable gentle- man at tho timo when ho conducted the Empire news- paper ; upon tho occasions wheu he figured in the Syd- ney Insolvency Court ; when ho hanged tho wretched maniac Farrel ; whoa, ho traded upon tho religious animosities which periodically disgraco New Smith Wales ; when ho enacted a Treason Felony Bill, which made it a penal offonco not to drink tho Queen's health with tinco times three ; when ho believed,¡or professed to boliovo, in tho Kiama ghost ; whon hu pardoned tho .bushranger Gardiner in defiiinco of all respectable public opinion ; and when lie destroyed the old records of tho colony, in order that the "society" in Now South 'Wales might novoribe made to . blush, for ils ancestors. But that the persons who charge Sir Honry Parkes with hoing un- scrupulous are his political enemies, and everybody knows that tho criticism of one's enemies is apt to bo a little unjust," Tho article : then proceeds to .ac- knowledge tho energy and ability of Sir Henry Parkes, but accuses him of pandering to the selfish interests of tho people of Riverina, in order to induce them to trado with Sydney, and adds " Nothing can excuso the bad form of which Sir Henry Parkes was guilty at Albury. When ho lectured Mr. Berry and Slr. Patterson upon the fiscal policy of Victoria, they were his guests, mid he was bound to treat them at least civility. Nothing was said by either of tho Victorian Ministers which nould excuse tho vory flagrant violation of good taste bythoN.S.W. Pre- mier." 