110X1 Nil BAY. Christmas comes but onee a year, and with it comes tho grand holiday of Sydney, Boxing Day — a day, mi generis, suited for enjoyment. The memories of the traditional nlum-nndding and the fattened goose nre still pleasant ones, and the cold hardness of the one, or the evanescent pick ings of the other, have not yet induced bilious ness or shuddering distaste. Boxing Day is the junto milieu between the noelty of restaud the ennui of prolonged idleness. On the 27th Decem ber the working bees long, though they do not admit it, to resume gathering in the honey. Men are surfeited with pleasure, sun-browned by harbour excursions, probably aching as to head nnd vacuous 03 to purse, consequent on Christmas cheer and the heavy hitting of A.J.C. miscalcu lations. Women have their households nil awry, a vast army of pots and plates unwashed, aud their servants away on pleasure bent ; and so, on the last day of the December carniva', a tacit but almost universal desire exists to return to work. But on Boxing D iy, when the mind is simply re freshed .with the calm of Christmas ; when merry clown and suffering pantaloon are pre paring for their nightly larks ; whenh.avlequin and columbine have practised np to perfection, and spring, butterlly-like, from grubs into transcen dental ephemera— the people lay themselves out for enjoyment. And who shall say them nay ? Yesterday was no exception to the rule— in fact, i: ..in cnnfidentlv be stated that narticipators in the vnrious nmusements provided, were more numerous this year than in any previous one in Sydney. All the holiday-makers at the many centres of attraction were well clad and good- humoured, and larrikinism, if present, was under the influence of the genial season, and behaved itself. Sydney proper, during the middle of the day, \va9 almost deserted, and looked anything but cheerful. When the omnibuses had carried off their loads of passen gers, and the tramears borne away their many travel lers, the busiue33 streets looked very dreary. George and I'.tt strceis, with CastlereagU-street, and to some extent King-street, had the depressed aspect of emptiness. Iltfrc and there were dotted occasional pedestrians or vehicles, but tho vista presented nothing but continuous rows of shutters — shatters to the right, the left, behind, nnd before— and the only spots where people were congregated were the public-houses, except in King-street, where the front door ai The Sydney Daily Tt c- graph offices was beseiged by persons anxious to ascertain the results at ltandwick, and those of the Intercolonial cricket match at Melbourne , which were posted up on receipt by telegram. The harbour, Randwick, Coogce, Mrs, Macquarie's Chair, and ull the foreshore, were resplendent with gay dresses and holiday-makers enjoying themselves. _ In numerable craft, varying in size from Ihc Fair- ' light to the tub or canvas dingy, dotted the many bays of the port, and the whole was a scene to be remembered by strangers, and to impress the resi dent. The clerk of the weather was, on the whole, very considerate. He sent a thorough-paced dog- day— a veritable vapour bath of heat— but he kept in check the ill-timed impulses of Jupiter l'luvins till the jousts were over, and the joyous crowd began lo return. When the shrill cicala piped his merry note, and the trams and omnibuses line homeward loads, and Hyde I'.irk began to look gay with the manv-coloured dicsscs of maids and matrons : then" the rain worked its sweet will— cooling the atmosphere, and ruining the prints and silks anil satins. Bedraggled, but good-humoured to the last, women and girls hurried for shelter, and the young cavalier/, with sprigs of Christmas hash or fern fronds in their hats, hoisted the welcome umbrella, or guarded tlio dainty apparel of their " ladyes favrc " from the all-pervading wet. Then the "f.outhcily buster" descended, the lightning flished, aud tho thunder pealed its weird music, as if commemorating sadly another Boxing Day, garnered with the ghosts of Christmas past. The axiom " Tho many still must labour for the ono" applied in Byron's day, hut scarcely nt the present, aud especially was thi3 noticeable in the Railway and Tramway Departments yesterday. In fact, the order was reversed, and the few laboured very bard and creditably for the many. Up to 6 p.m. vesletday about 28,000 passengers travelled on the" suburban railways. The returns from country stations are not in yet; but they are ex pected to show the largest number yet car ried on similar holidays in days past. So great was the railway traffic to and from the country districts, that in addition to ordinary trains, a special nail 10 ue run in cue morning 10 Mount Victoria, ono to the Richmond line, and one to Goulburn ; the ordinary up trains in tho after- neon being supplemented by two specials from Mount vimovirt ..ml l'onrith, one from Richmond and one Irom Goulburn. After C p.m. crowds of people were going to and returning from the suburbs nnd the country, nnd n special train was put on to 1'cnrith nnd Richmond. The manage ment of the various trains reflects credit on tlio Department. Notwithstanding the extra demand on its resources, not a single accident had to be re corded, nor have any complaints reached us ns to delay or mistakes. Much praise is due to Mr. Read (manager), nnd Mr. Ii. Richardson (chief inspector) for the admirable arrangements under existing circurastauee3. The former gentleman has given tho public accommo dation nnd safety his closest personal aitention, nnd the latter has been at I'arramatta aud Gran ville all day, superintending the traflSe south, west, nnd on the suburban lines. On Saturday (Christmas Eve) upwards of 10,030 passengers came iu anil out of town from the suburb.au stations, and many specials were run. From the Tramway Department we received no official re turns of traffic, but we lcaru 011 good authority that no less than 75,000 tickets svero collected on the various lines during yesterday. Happily, not a single accident has to be recorded. The Australian Jockey Club summer meeting, held at Randwicfe yesterday, was very largely attended, the assemblage numbering, it is esti mated, over 12,000. An excellent programme was provided, and each of the seven events were keenly, and in some instances very fiercely, con tested. The principal race was the Summer Cup, which was carried oif by Ilnles on Trumji Yews, Valetta secoud, and Bathurst third ; the time — 2min ;!7sec lor a mile and a half — being, it is said, the fastest on record. For several hours in the fore part of tlio day the accommodation afforded by the tramway was greatly taxed, und upon the close of the meeting the scene of thousands of people rushing tramoar3 at all hazards was almost indescribable ; and although all available ears were used, large numbers of people waited ut the course for hours after the races were aver beforn they could be conveyed to the city, while numbers equally large walked. Tho annual events in connection with the I'yr- mont regatta, looked forward to with great in terest, came . off yesterday, and there was a 1 irge attendance of visitors. Tho flagship was tlio Bala clava, Captain Davidson, and the arrangements wore carried out perfectly. The Permanent Ar tillery Band nnd the Compagnoni Company catered for the public — the one for tho soul and tho other for the body — and both did their duty well, A full report ot the proceedings will he found incorpo rated with the other events of the duy. The Druids of Sydney rallied in largo numbers in the Prince Alfred Park yesterday, when they celebrated their centenary with great relitl. The rain, which fell shortly before simsei, in terfered slightly with some of Hie athletic events upon tho programme ; but ample shelter from the elements was afforded by the Exhibition building, where dancing was zealously carried on all night to the soothing strains of tho Imperial B snd. During the day a good ynriety entertainment served to while away a few hours, and to make the Druids nnd Druidesses forget tho oppressive heat that prevailed. Among the 6ide shows, fee., scattered over the park, the most liberal patronage was Hint accorded to Mrs, Leak Thomson, who, it mny be mentioned, possesses the peculiar faculty of writing a letter with her toes as well us most people can do with their hands. As far as can bo gathered, 110 liiLcli of any kind occurred to mar the enjoyment ex perienced by those present nt this celebration, nnd tlio committee of management deserve to bu congratulated upou tho highly successful result of their exertions. The Good Templars' Picnic, under the nuspices of tho Grand Lodge of New South Wales, R.W.G. Lodge of tlio World, which tool: place nt Uremorue yesterday, was an immense success, and the com mittee acted most judiciously in selecting those beautiful grounds ns the Boxing Day rendezvous for their Good Templar friends. From an early hour in tho morning three commodious stonmers commenced to p'y between Circular Quay and Oremorne, viz., the Telephone, Quondong, and Wongn. A variety of spoils wero provided on ktho ground, und the committee di management thoroughly succeeded in scouring the happiness and comfort of all. There were cricket, races, swings, nnd quoits, and tho' I.O.G.T, Fire Brigade Band, which was in attendance, greatly enlivened tho proceedings. Tho last of thu steamers returned to town about 7 o'clock. At the Sir Joecpli Banks Pavilion, Botany, the day was thoroughly eujjycd. The fine wenllier iu the forenoon, the cxecllenoa of the arrangements, and the varied entertainment provided by Mr. Frank Smith, tho proprietor, attracted an immense con course of visitors to this favourite resort, and nil seemed to thoroughly enjoy themselves, it was estimated that over 7000 people visited the grounds yesterday, and. there wero nt least 1500 persons in the dancing pavilion, where tho Young Australian Band, pndor Urn efficient, leadership of Mr, Ilarily, provided the music for 2'i dunes between 11 a.m. and <i p.m. The proceedings in Cue lianeiiig pavi. iiim wero very (lrilunv. Una taet being due lo tlio ublo supervision exorcised by tho two M's.C. engaged by thu nianngemenv. Die Prince of Widen hand performed 1111 excellent proruammo , o£ duueo music ou the lawn, whoie di.;- j ctp'.es of Terpsichore wcro able to indulge to their hearts' content free of nny charge. Numbers of private pienio parties might be observed in various parts of tho grounds, and the games of cricket, quoits, rounders, skittles, See., were en tered upon with great zest. A number of ti e visitors wended their way "to Corrv's ten gardens while others patronised the merry-go-rounds) swings, weighing machines, galvanic batteries, and other attractions on the ground ; and, of course, the bars drove a roaring trade nil dav. The variety of entertainment upon the stage in tlio jivilion enclosure seemed lo bo highly appreciated ay the large audience, who wero unstiuling id their applause. The performers included Johnny Cowan, Fred. Hilton, Hardiman, Harry Jackson, nnd Messrs. Beaumont, Bell, Gray don, and Mul- holland. All appeared lo be well pleased with the preparations made by Mr. Smith for their day's outing, and the increase in tho number of visitors over that of previous years clearly indicates that as this charming spot becomes better known, the more liberally is it pntronised. A Grand Temperance Picnic, tinder the palron- age of tho National Divisions of No. 1 anil No, tl Grand Divisions of the Sons and Daughters of Temperance, took place at Pearl Bay yesterday. The attendance was large, and the services of two steamers — the Manly nnd the Prince of Wales — were obtained, and were engaged from 2.30 till 1 p.m. in conveying excursionists to the picnic. On the ground the , arrangements were very satisfactory, refreshments were provided, and a Urge pavilion was erected, within which dancing was carried on to the strains of n brass b ind. A good game of cricket was indulged in during the day, and a programme of races and snort--; which was . carried out, afforded a great deal of enj .y- rhent. A large number of persons yesterday, availed themselves of the opportunities offered them to spend Boxing Day at Alhol Gardens. At an,, arly hour in the morning the favourite steamer Kiama, with other Emaller vessels, was busily engaged, and continued so throneliout the day, in transport ing full complements of pleasure-seekers across the w.iter, where the preparations and arrangements were everything that could bo desired j>y picnic parties. The usual holiday sports and nmusements were indulged in. Several persons spent a goo ideal of time in fishing, whilst others passed theirtime in picking wild flowers. A most pleasant day w.n spent, and it was about 7 o'clock when the steamcra landed the last of their passengers at the Circular Quay jetty. Manly beach had a fair share of visi'ors yester day, and the steamers Fairlight, Emu, and Mystery, were engaged in conveying excursionists to nnd fro all day long ; and at tho beach the German Biass Bind contributed greatly to the en joyment of the holiday seekers, many of whom tripped the light funlnslic inside the large pavilion, whilst others thoroughly enjoyed a stroll along the beach. The day wns passed very plcasunily, and tlio steamers returned to Sydney about 7 p. 1I1, A large number also visited ClonlnH, Chowder, Pitt'.vater, Tennyson, and other favourite watering places, where they spent the day ir. a pleasant :r d quiet manner, anil there can be no doubt that each and all thoroughly enjoyed thems elves 