TEE CHARGE AGAINST TEE liEV. CHARLES STRONG. (FROM OCTB MELIiOUUXE COIUiESl'ONDENT), The Presbytery resumed its consideration of the Strong case this (Wednesday) morning. The 1'ev. Groundwater Fraser moved the amendment of which he had given notice as follows:-"That the Presbytery thanks the committeo for their patient investigation of the matter remitted to them; that whilst the Pres bytery regrets that occasion should have been given for serious doubts and difficulties regard ing the soundness of Mr. Strong's utterances in Ilia article on the atonement, yet, inasmuch as the committee have reported that the article consists of three parts, and in none of these parts does the writer give a systematic statement of liia own views of the atonement, or contradict in categorical propositions and express terms the doctrine of the atonement contained in the confession of faith, and the larger and shorter catechism, the Presbytery deems it inexpedient to travel- further in the matter; at the same time the Presbytery takes this opportunity of setting forth the doctrines of the church re yarding the topics under discussion, namely: lut. The scriptures cf the Old and New Testament are given by inspiration of God to be the rule of faith and life. 2nd. The authority of the Holy Scriptures, for which it ought to be believed and obeyed, depends not upon the testimony of any man or church, but wholly upon God (who is truth itself), the author thereof, and, therefore, it is to bo re ceived, because it is the word of l-Jod.-Con fession of Faith, ch. 1, sec. iv. 3rd. In the unity of God there bo three persons in one substance, power and eternity-God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost-oh. 11, sec. iii. ?1th. The Lord Jtsus, by his perfect obedience and sacritice of ;jimself, which he, through the Eternal Spirit, once offered up unto God, hath fully satisfied the justice of his Father, and purchased, not- only reconciliation, but an everlasting inheritance in the Kingdom of Heaven, for all those whom their Father hath giveu unto him-Chap. 8, sec. v. Finally, in discharging the committee (at their own request) the Presbytery expresses the hopo that this discussion will be overruled, for the maintenance of that purity of doctriue set forth in our standards to which wo have all pledged our selves to maintain and defend." He said he had no paper to read, and nothing to say about Baur and the German theologians. He referred to the New Zealand Presbyterian of the current month, which contained a very masterly critique on the matter uow before the court. He had a difficulty in approving of the report, because if he had found what the com mittee had fonud, he should have felt bound to go further and libel the man. In the three amendments alread}' discussed, various proposals had been made, but ho could not agree with them. It was now too late to ask Mr. Strong to explain his meaning. It was proposed that the matter Bliould go into conference, but in the face of that proposal the Presbytery had at once plunged into discussion. A wrong had thus been done to Mr. Strong, who had been forced into a corner. The position which Mr. Strong took up was this-"You have made certain charges, and now you must prove them," and from this position it was not possiblo to dislodge him. It was useless to affirm the proposal to give Mr. Strong an opportunity of explaining his meaning, because he had opportunity of doing so all along. The question was being publicly dis cussed, and when people heard so much about Hegel and Bauer, and so on, they desired to know what Hegelism and Bauerism was. He had no sympathy with the Scots' Church, which had crowded congregations and large collections, but he had a great deal with Mr. Strong, who, ho believed, bad suffered a great deal. He (Mr. Fraser) did not approve of cautioning Mr. Strong, because caution meant censure, and to take that censure would be like saying, "Not proven, my dear boy, but don't do it again." Mr. Fraser then proceeded to read and comment upon the propositions laid down in his amendment. He could not understand the distinction attempted to bo drawn between "reconciliation" and "atonement." The Iiev. D. Symington, one of tie sturdiest of- Scotch divines, treated the terms as synonymous, and if that view is heretical all the old divines ot the church might be brought up for heresy. Mr. Scott seconded the motion. Ho re gretted that the questiou was ever raised. So far as tho reference to German teaching and German thought was concerned, ho felt it was a blessing that he did not know the German language. They had heard about Hegelism and iiauerism ad nauseam. The question was whether Mr. Strong had contravened the stan dards of tho church? If tho same line of criticism were to be adopted in all cases as that which bad "been pursued towards Mr. Strong's articlo a rei^n of terror would be established. (Mr. Strong: "Hear, hear.") He was surprised to hear the expressions of loving regard and brother hood when they wero at the same time sticking him full of the arrows of bitter words. The real fact was that the Presbytery was trying Mr. Strong in consequence of tho action taken by cer tain members. ("No." Mr. Strong: "Yes.") The committee had stated that Mr. Strong had not expressly coutradicted the standards. That ought to be enough. Mr. Scott further endorsed the view taken of Mr. Strong's position as a de fendant by Mr. Groundwater Fraser. Mr. Duncan Fraser supported the .original motion, on the ground that Mr. Strong's article ought to bo thoroughly eifted. It was especi ally to be noticed that the series of articles of which that was one, were of the nature of mani festoes. They wero obtruded upon the public in a secular journal, in a way that was per fectly uncalled- for. Mr. Strong gratuitously catuo forsvard as an informer as to the views of the Presbyterians ou the atonement. Mr. Strong's views had long been open to suspi cion, and Orthodoxy, in herfear, might well have cried with Job, "My desire is that my adversary would write a book," but Mr .Strong did so with out any such request. It had beeu objected that Mr. Strong had been placed upon his trial, but why should not Mr. Strong be put upon his trial ? On the other hand, however, it was Mr. Strong who had placed the Presbytery on iis trial. He had thrown down the glove, and the Presbytery would have been arrant cowards not to have taken it up. He proceeded to defend the report oi the committee, and to urge that the very fact that there had been dissent from certain findings, shewed that the matter bad been fully and carefully discussed. In spite of such dissent the committee were, with one ex ception, unanimous upon fourteen points out of eighteen. Taken altogether there was a won derful amount of harmony, and the committee had done their work carefully, and right well. They bad been twitted with want of charity, and told by Mr. iScott that they were sticking Mr. Strong full of arrows. Now, these were sharp and pointed remarks (laughter), but there was also another charity, viz., tli^t due to the immortal souls of their ilocka. No one would accusc the venerable John of want of charity, but that apostle had in his second epiBtle charged the members of the church uut to keep company with certain dissentieuts, nor not even to eat. llo could not agree with the view taken by the successor of the lamented Dr. Cairns (Mr. Scott), that "the church court was only to take action when statements were made in direct opposition to the standard. Mr. Scott said he never made such a state ment. Mr. Duncan Fraser repeated the allegations, but after further warm denial by Mr, Scott, consented to withdraw the statement, and to deal with the objection in general terms. He farther contended that the committee in their lindings bad pushed charity to its utmost limit. They were men who had made themselves well acquainted with modern German thought. They were not Kip Van Winkles, but very wide awake. (Laughter.) It was not at all unjust or unfair to ask a brother to explain certain statements which appeared painfully negative and borderiug on heresy. The Presbytery were amenable in this matter to a far wider public opinion than that of Melbourne, for the eyes of the whole Presbyterian world would be upon them. It was a matter of the greatest interest to the whole body whether they should take down tile blue banner of Presbyteriauism aud heist they knew not what it itg place. The rev. gentleman sat down amidst loud cheers from the out3ido public present, which, how ever, were sturnly checked by the moderator, who decided that such demonstrations were calculated to disturb the judgment of the court. The llev. J. Ballantynb then moved his amendment as fullows :-"That the Presbytery approve of the report in its general tenor, and thauk it and discharge it. They find, 1st-That while the report shows that statements of a doubtful doctrinal character occur iu the article on the atonement by the llev, Charles Strong, iu the Victorian Beview, it does not set fortli that the said article contains any positive affirma tions that are at variance with the standards of the church. 2nd. That it is a matter of regret tiiat the article referred to should apparently be so wanting iu clearness, fulness and explieit ness of statement on the cardinal doctrine of which it treats, as held by this church, aa to give occasion for uneasiness or alarm on the part «f many of its ministers and people, 3rd. That in the absence of explanations from Mr. Strong on the points in question, it may be difficult to remove the doubts which have beep awakened as to his soundness iu the faith, and his loyalty to the standards of the church, and that there fore it is deemed an act of brotherly regard re spectfully to suggest whether it bo not due to his character and position as » minister of the church, as well as to his brethren and -the churches at large, to offer such explana:ion as will, if possible, accomplish this desirable end. Finally, the Presbytery taking into consideration the extent to which teaching of an unsettled tendency prevails in various sections of tho Chris tian Church at the present time, deem it oppor tune to express the conviction tluit it is incum bent on them to see to it that they give no un certain sound iu proclaiming aud defend ing the central doctrine of our venerated faith that Christ died for our sins, ac cording to the scriptures, a voluntary aud vicarious sacrifice, thus making atonement.'' He objected to the German school of religious philosophy as totally unable to satisfy the re quirements of the human soul. In reviewing the original motion and the various amend ments. he said he could not ignore tho fact that Mr. Strong's soundness had been a matter of doubt for some time past. He (Mr. Ballantyne) differed from the view that the time to ask Mr. Strung to explain was gone by. On the con trary, it had not yet come. The proper time would be after the present discussion of the com mittee's report, which dealt tenderly, respect fully, and candidly with Mr. Strong, aud also conserved the dignity of the church. Tho Rev. D. Mackenzie seconded the amend ment. He considered that Mr. Strong should have been waited upon and asked for an expla nation instead of bringing the matter before the Presbytery, or another minister might have been deputed to write an article in reply to Mr. Strong. The matter having been allowed to go too far had assumed great and grave dimensions, and it was for the church now to put forth a manifesto on the great cautral point of the faith. The last amendment, ho thought, dealt mildly with Mr. Strong, and just met the difficulty. Mr. R. Harper, who spoke as tho representa tive elder of the congregation of which Mr. Macdonald was the head, contendedjthat, whilst Mr. Strong had dwelt fully upon every other possible view of the Atonement, he had only made passing reference to the Presbyterian view of it. He defended Mr. Macdonald, who, he considered, had been most cruelly aud unfairly treated, especially by an anonymous writer in the Art/its signing himself an .Elder in the Pres byterian Church. He concluded by moving the following motion :-"Referring to the case now pendiug, regarding the Rev. Charles Strong's article on the Atonement in the Victorian lit' view, tho Presbytery receive the report and dis charge the committee with thanks for its dili gence in tho matter, and determines, iu view of the near approach of the Commission of As sembly, to refer the whole matter to the Supreme Court." The remainder of the day's sitting was chiefly taken up by a very lengthy speech from Mr. Hay, a member of the committee, who differed in most points from the fiudings set forth in the report, and who explained to tho Presbytery the grounds of his dissent. At tho close of the rev. gentleman's speech tho court adjourned till the next day. 