News and Notes. ? Thursday ni the last day for the une of electoral righti qualifying panonsi to Vote for the Legislative Assembly. Mr. Walls, the local registrar, issued the follow in? : General roll, M ; supplementary roll, 6\. Total, 101. The number of nsasesoa the general roU of 1880 is 173. ■ The Rotbl Mail StWHt will he,** Melbourne an Wednesday next, 7th hwt- The times appointed for the cJoeiDg of the Cimperdowu Post Office for English Mail*. ?re as follow:—Monej Order Office, 3 p.m. on Monday; Registered letters ? I>. m. on Monday, and ordinarr letter*, papers, fee 11 a.m. on Tuesday. The 8h re Council will Mai on Wed nesday mrrt, Trhm thr ■-* *"*' "n""*"i n—a. ing will aim take place. Mr. Black. Government rabbit in spector, was in Camuciskiwu /estorday on hia Usual visit of inspection It i* his iate?tiO? to establish a depot for the sale of phosphor* ised oats in the neighborhood of Scott"* Creek, the site of the depotis to be fixed upon by the Scott's Creek and Gowlcy'n Creek Farmers* Uniom The Government, we and nUml, iu tand to take vigorous measures towards rab bit suppression on Crown lands in tins di* trict when the dry weather sets in. The rab bits arc increasing rapidly to the northward. In the neighborhood of Mr. Chiniaide's pro perty it is said that they at* no lunger seen in dozens, but in regular droves f and the whole of the country is turned into a gigantic rabbit-warren. The landholders are going in largely for rabbit-proof wire netting, which is placed round the paddock fences, and at= tempts subsequently Wade to destroy all th? rabbits thus enclosed. But although thous and] upon thousands of the little plagues are either poisoned or hunted to death by dogs, the attempts to sensibly diminish their num bers have not yet been remarkably soccesstaL For every bunny killed it would seem as though a dozen attended its funeral. What the result will be it this state ofthingsshould continue it is impossible to imagine. A lecture on Freemasonry was de livered in the Mechanics' Hall on Thursday evening by the Kcv. Sam Corrie, Chaplain of the Laura Masonio Lodge. Mr. P, H 'Arthur occupied the chair. Thsre was a small bat appreciative audience, and the revd. gentle man's able lecture was listened to with rapt attention. We regret that want of space precludes the possibility of onr reproducing the oration verbatim in these columns, and we have only room to advert to the heads of the discourse. Mr. Corrie com* menced by alluding to the great benefit Free masonry ?'as to mankind all over the earth. Its principles were disseminated through all nations and in all climates and countries. A band of union existed between the members of the craft, so closely knit together that no matter in what distant country a member found himself he could always rely upon re ceiving the assistance and protection of the craft. Therewasnoinstanceonrecordinwhich this had been refused. He related a pathetic anecdote illustrative of this assertion—a yonug soldier's life having been saved by an enemy oa a Masonic sign being made. The origin of Free-masonry was lost in the mist of ages, bat it wai known to exist 1012 years before the Christian era, and it had flourished through the succeeding centuries. Its symbols were to be found engraved upon monument", pyramids, and ancient buildings in every country. He attributed the extra ordinary vitality and success of the order to its foundation, o.i the best principles of truth and piety. In the lodge room the Bible was never closed, and the members " feared God anil hono-ed the Queen." The order too, was widely esteemed on account of the illustrious ■ pyrsonaje. who had been enrolled in its rank--. ; Kings hid often joined the craft, and at the present time the greatest man in England— ihc Prince of Wales—occupied the position of Grand Master. Since His Royal Highuass fc ok the chair the accession to the nnmbersof Freemasons had been unprecedented. While not arrogating to themselves the virtue of being | better men thau others, Freemasons maintained that the practice of Freemasonry refined the mind and improved the hearts of all who joined the order. Consequently clergymen, knowing this, joined the craft in Urge numbers, and assisted largely in dis seminating its principles The revd. gentle man then treated of the science of Free masonry and the truth of itsantedeluvian exis tence! by the handing down of traditionary knowledge from generation to generation iv. a manner which left no doubt of it* ancient origin. He concluded by giving a very in teresting and instructive raume of the history of Freemasonry from the earliest recorded period of its existence down to a. d. 1000. The latter portion of the lecture was inter spersed copiously with classical allusions aud illustrations. Mr. Corrie resumed hu seat amid hearty applause. On the motion of > Mr. W. Scott, seconded by Mr. Ower. a cordial vote of thanks was pawed to the lec turer, and suitably acknowledged. Both the proposer and seconder of the vote spoke in terms of warmest praise of Mr. Corrie's lec ture. ; A vote of thanks to the chairman ter minated the proceedings. The rainy, bosterons weather of tlie past fortnight seems to have altogether dis appeared, and summer is once more upon us. Yesterday was very warm, but a gentle, south-westerly wind tempered the sun's lays. It would seem that the rainfall, heavy as it was, has not been sufficient to fill the waterholes on several stations to the north ward. The ground was so parchrd that it soaked up all the rain that fell, and one or two sjaziers are already asking for more. The St. Clair Open Company appeir ed to a good house in the Mechanics Hall oa Thursday evening in Offenbach's famous comic opera of the Grand Duchess, and gave an excellent performance of this everpopuUr work. Miss Marie St Clair, who appeared in the title role, has a fine rich contralto voice ani a finish of style which justly entitles her to take her place iv the foremost rank of operatic artistes. Ths deep mellowness of her voice and the expression which was thrown into her singing fairly entranced the audience in some of the finer passages of the opera. She possesses considerable dramatic power and altogether her rendering of the Grand Duchess demonstrated that she fully deserves the great reputation she has attained an an exponent of the lyric dramaa. Her aster Mis* Madeline St Clair who played the part of Wanda, is a very pleasing, and promisia*; singer. She has a pure rich soprano voice which is particularly sweet and clear in the higher lerister. Her impersonation of the peasant girl was an effective and vivacious piece of acting. Mr. Ernest St Clair as General Boom was very good, his make np beingadmirable. andhis actingevokiag hearty peals of laughter, while. Mr Otto Fischer in his assumption of Prince Paul was no less successful both in hissingingand acting. Mr. Henry Vaughan's Fritz was also a pleasing impenanation,but we think he would be more successful and would look more like the " tall handsome fellow" he is supposed to be if his makeup was a little better. The costumes however were appropriate, the dresses in which the "Grand Duchess" appeared being particu larly rich and elaborate, and left nothing to be desired iv t.iis respect Mr Delancy who played the accompanments and gave a grand pianoforte solo at the conclusion of the first piece is a brilliant r-'***** The entertain ment concluded with the amusing duologue operetta of the Blind Beggars, in. which Sir. Ernest St. Clair and Mr Otto Fischer sus tained the character*. Theaadiencetfcraagh* oat were not slow to show their appreciation of the efforts of the company who are all capable vocalists, and we arc rare if thecosssjany re appear here at any time they will be rewarded with a crowded house. That the biter nowetisen get* bittta wa? exemplified the other day at the Chinese garden*. There aie about twenty celestials working there, and these a gang of rowdies employed on the Colac an Caatperdowa nil way works resolved to attack. They primed themaelves with liquor, tfcerefore^atd west to the gardens, exalting m anticipation at the treatment they deterauned to inflict upon the defenceless MonceUana. Bat they reckoned without their boat, for the T n. s*eis? them approaching and dinning the eajast at the visit, armed themselves with their o?ple ments of hubasdry, and whatever other weapons they could lay their hands eson; and then "went for" their opponent. The latter I ■ads • stand Is* ■ tsW he* tsftNi M leigUty resistance, wd •tlaf*. **?? their number with broken hsads and severs of Confacrfls show fight in ncha ejetenmned unw when the ojitoing torce is eqtaUy sires* aid n?ore infrequent itiU that they com. off best, bat tra .thi* occasion they rtatedtheenemyina fair stand up fight la fceoaditi* • tot* ot iiwdka td the ftev. Mr. COrrle ft* his lecture on Thursday night, Mr. Ower wmk a happy allusion to the defective acoustic properties of the Ma sonic HalL in which the Shire Council holds its monthly meeting*. He said he oonld understand how it wai that the teereti of Free masonry wen so bald to discover. He knew from experience tbat it ml next to impossible to hear any one speaking even across the table at the Masonic Hall, so that as for anyone oatmfe getting a chance to catch a word the idea was preposterotu. He even imagined that a person being initiated iato the order would hare to (tand pretty close to the speaker, or he would not catch half the information imparted to him. He did not know what the builder of the hall had in view when he constructed the place, bat if he intended it as a building in which no sound could be heard, he had achieved a gnat success. We can fully endorse Mr. Offer's remark*. We alluded to the matter tome time ago, and now we repeat that one of the hardest taika our reporting staff hu is to catch the remark* of Councillors at the monthly shin meetings. &oort; Koortncmg station ft?s a water sdppfy which might be envied by many a country township. A gigantic wind mill ha? been erected, which pumps up water either from the lake or from a 43,000 gallon tank, the alteration being made by a simple arrangement of tip". The lake water is somewhat brackish, and is, therefore, used for watering the stock, gardens, tc, bat the tank contains the purest rainwater, obtained from the large iron roof of the weolahed. Underground pipes convey the water all over the home station, and altogether it is one of the most complete systems of distribution to be (Men in th? distriot A number of sheep have been des troyed in the neighborhood of Cobden re cently, by dogs belonging to people residing in the township. Great complaints have been made in consequence, and sheepowners threaten to shoot all dogs fonnd on their land, whether their owners are with them or not. The Geelonc election will take place on Thursday next. Bth inst The writ is re turnable on the 12th. It is eipected that shearnff will be fin'shed on the Koort Koortnongestate to-day. We announced in a former issue that Mr. Bowling had already cut oat, but find that our informant—a shearer—misled us. The clip is a first-rate i ne. Diiie estate, near Terang. is to be sold by auction next Friday. Godfrey's farm, at Fort Campbell, will also be sold on Tues day next at Warrnambool, by Slessrs. Jellie and St. Quintin. Particulars of these and other auction sales will be found in our ad vertising columns. '■ -, ' - Mr- Jane* T?hey, M.L.A., bat been sworn in, before Mr. Justice Higinbotham, as a Justice of the Peace for the central baili wick. The Melbourne Illustrated paper* are to hand. The Sktcker is a very good number, and contains a picture of the magnificent Roman Catholic Church, St. Maryr, now in course of erection at Sydney. Sketches are given of Sale, Gippsland, Melbourne Fashions, portraits of the All England Eleven, The new mail steamer Borne, ke. A very characteris tic picture is the interior of a bush hat. In the JUuttrated Anttralian Saei there are also some very creditable engravings, the princi pal ones being a Moonlight Scene in the Strathbogie ranges* Saturday night in the Eastern Market, The recent flood in Elizabeth street, aadabeautifnlly executed fancy sketch entitled A playful Kitten. The Police Commission report, which contains the whole of the voluminous evi \ deuce taken before the late Koyal Commis- M<n, has reached us. It is Rail to be the weightiest document ever sent oat of the Government printing office The cost for paper and printing is £1 per copy. Wii nave received from the Castle maine Bailway league a printed circularshow ing the proposal of the Lesgae to raa\e the line of railway to connect me northern with the north-eastern line via Elphinstone, Met cilfe, and Heathc ite, to mmc point on the north-eastern line—nay Mangalore. The principal reason urged for the construction of the line is that a direct line would then be established through the centre of the colony from Portland to New South Wales, and thereby the interests of the agricultural and m'ning centres would be served. The League i mes a plan showing the proposed line. It may be seen at this office. Christmas is drawing near, and the local storekeepers are making a grand display of presents suitable for the season. A walk down Manifold-street and an inspection of the handsome illuminated Christmas cards. Jte., jewellery, and articles of vertu exhibited in the shops should convince everybody that there is no occasion to purchase their Christ mas gifts out of Camperdown. Toe right to erect two pnblican's booths, one temperance booth.and also to col lect gate money at the forthcoming race meet ing of the C.A.T.G, will be sold by auction on Wednesday next at 12 o'clock, by Mr. Thornton, at bis rooms. . Mr. W. K. Wright, pianoforte tuner, will visit Camperdown about the sth inst ; Mr. Thornton will sell at his yards on Saturday next, 10th. inst, 1700 merino ewes, in the wool, with 650 lambs at foot. Also 50 head 3 year old bullocks. The contract for supplying the Go vernment offices at Camperdown with fire wood for the ensuing year has been let to Mr T.J. Daroy. •: Persons entitled to prista-for exhi bits at the late Flower Show will receive them on application to Mn. Picken,: Hon. Treasurer. The new evening paper The World published by Messrs. M'Kinley, Canington, and Co. has made its appearance. It is per haps the largest evening journal published in the colonies, and contains a vast amount of reading matter, which ia very smartly writ tea. The paper, like other productions of the same firm, has a strong flavor of Yankee land about it. It is thoroughly deserving of hearty support. The Rev. W.M'Donald, of Hamilton, will preach in the Camperdown Tree Presby terian Church to-morrow, morning and even ing, at the usual hoars. Mr. A. Speed, solicitor, Geelong, annomoces that he will be in Camperdown three days every alternate week. He may be consulted at his office, next Messrs. T. and W. Down's, on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday next. The sals of 23,000 acres of land in the Santa Rossa district of Coahillo, Mexico, ha* been made toMr David M'KeUar, of Victoria, Australia, whoa few monthsago, with a party of friends, went and personally inspected the ground. He intends soaking a sheep ranch out of it He will stock it with 100,000 sheep. This ia CBS of the largest enterprises of the kind that ban ever been inaugurated.— Sam frameitco Ifaa. Mr Kerferd thinks betting cannot be put down by Parliament The fire insurance offices, he says, are always laying wagers. They usually laid about £100 to 5s that jour hom.se would ant be burnt down within twelve months. If the event came off you won the wager.—if not yon lost the ntake*. The odds, he rn—iiliuil wen pretty liberal. A sad fatality occurred on Monday ia the Campaspe river, by which two young girls were drowned. The girls were both aged about 14 years, one being nasaed Elisabeth MArthor, sad the second AdaUaghlin. They were twianaing in the river about 7 o'clock, when Miss M 1 Arthur noticed that her companion was distressed. She imme diately went to her asnistaace, aad the other girl clasping her round the -neck, they both sank in a death embrace. The accident was r^S*""* ?y **• grasdsaother of one of the chiMren,whoaav?thealars?. Mr.C.Tattan was fpeedily on the spot and jumped in. but failedto find the girl, whohad^unk/ The "T" hanks were s—a afterwards crowded mtng and diving, bmt the bodies were not re- Tb.Bdftft "Gazette" relate* A* foUowiat am?ai^ incidents—On Wednesday lad a t3e BMtch was fired at the tntta by two civilians against two volunteers, and the former were victorious. Corporal Hobtas ?nd Conner M'Grath challenged Messrs. It Vuard and J. M'Namara, and in order to equalise their supptoeed firing capabilities tbe folrinteers conceded 14 points io their oppo nents: The civilians won the' match', having 8 point* W spare exclusive' of their handicap.- A cruel practical joke is reported to hare been played upon ayouth who recently visited some friends at Wagga Wagga. He was taken oat opossum shooting by some of big young friendi, who had previously ar ranged that one or their number should climb a tree, andpersonatea ghost by covering him self with a sheet. Suddenly the alarm was given, and the conspirators decamped in feigned alarm, bat, soon recovering their courage, they persuaded their young gnest to fire at the ghost, having previously taken the precaution to see that his gun was only loaded with powder. The ghost descending from the tree approached the party, and so terri fied the lad that he became insensible, and it was folly six weeks before he regained his usual health. The news has jast reached Wilcannia of a dreadful accident which occurred on Wed nesday last, fire miles below Thackariffga, on the boundary between South Australia and New South Wales. Mrs Campbell and five children lived in a tent about half a mile from the Government dam, on the New Sonth Wales side of the boundary. Accompanied by her three eldest children, Mrs. Campbell went to th? dam for water, leaving a little girl of five years of age and a baby at the tent. It is supposed that the high wind blew some ashes from tbe fire to the tent in which the two children were, and set fire to it. Al though the mother saw tbe fire from the dam, she could not reach the tent in time, and her two children were burned to ashes. The father was away •hearing. -■■■■- An old colonist who has returnedl: from doing the trip to England, which is now ; so common, tells the Hamilton Spectator* correspondent that the report of Lord Charles Scott's capture by a Melbourne belle, white here in command of the Bacchante, has created some little stir among fashionable English mater-familias. A certain -Duchess is reported to have said "Umph, mn Aus tralian girl; won't there be some difficulty in getting her to keep her clothes on during the hot weather." - The name of • member of the Assem bly is whispered just now as likely, to have to "file his shovel" owing to "sweep" and similar connections daring the recent nee season. Efforts are being made to gain time, but the liabilities are both heavy and pressing. : The Melbourne correspondent of the : Hamilton Spectator writes .-—"Poor ?odd, the jockey who lost his - life by the fall with : Snwaxrow in the Cup, will be the means of effecting s> needed reform on the course. The palings nailed on the inside of tbe fence at . the turn where the "straight run" is entered [ upon, and hi which Dodd 6 foot caught, are . now to be removed. These palings, it was elicited at the inquest, have, always been the terror of the jocks when the rush for.'inside" that always take place at the tarn crashes the riders upon the dreaded corner. There is ' now to be a smooth iron . bar which will not catch the feet in the way that proved fatal > to Dodd, who,' at the time of the accident, , was said to be shaping well for a place." ' Sporting men (says the Hamilton ' Spectator) will be glad to learn that it is now : certain the match for £30 aside between Mr. '_ J. Robertson and Mr. R. Chirnside is to r come off. On Wednesday Mr. Bobertson ' placed his cheqne for £50 in our hands, and 1 we immediately telegraphed to Mr. Chiruud* ' who replied that he would cover the money, and run the race on the second day of our [ race meeting. Mr. Robertson's choice is to \- be confined to his own stable, Mr. Chirnside 1 has the stables of the colony to choose from, * the distance is to be half a mile, catch weights, and as Poor Me is still lame Mr. 1 Chirnside would ; appear to hare all the \- best of the bargain. This event will greatly \- increase the attractiveness of the Hamilton s race meeting. ':■'■'■ \- Actions are accumulating over the r Jolimont accident. It is announced that Mr. Jones, a wholesale' grocer, who received \- injuries, is suing the Gorernment for £2000 \- A telegram dated Orange. N.B.W; \- was received in Melbourne on Wednesday > from Mr. John. Conway, the agent of the \- English CricketJTeam, stating that the Eleven ' bad determined not to pay the percentage \- demanded by the' Victorian Cricketers' i Association, and would play their matches in > Victoria without the patronage of the associa tion. • ■ 