A GHASTLY TALE. A very strange circumstance occurring in the vicinity of Snicarte, Mason County, Illinois, lias attracted the attention of a great many, and is, at the. least, a most miraculous affair. February, the lfth, a woman by the name of Mis Banks, to all appearances, died. About four weeks previous to this she had given birth to a child, and was apparently well; with the exception of the nursing sore mouth, from the effect of which she had grown -quite weak, so much so that her husband thought it was necessary to call in a physician, but she objected, insisting upon waiting a few days longer, tbinlring that she could manage the affliction without the aid of a physician. She soon afterward, and very suddenly, sank away, and to all appearance gave up the ghost The body was kept till thenextday about Si o'clockp m., when it was inclosed in a comn ana taken to the graveyard, followed by a great " fri^ Tn 1a.vin<r ber many mournful friends. In laying her out her arms were tied together above her elbow with a strip of cloth, so that her 1 lands would retain a position -across her breast. At the grave some of her friends wished to view her remains, and the coffin was opened that they might do so. On removing the lid over the glass they could not see through the glass for the moisture on it, and it was then seen that one of her hands was torn loose from the band and was lying by her side, and her arms were -as limber as of one alive. The circumstances bore upon the minds of several present, but still they could not entertain any notion but' that she was dead. Her hands were again placed in position across her breast and retied with the same strip of cloth, and she was buried. After returning to their homes several of the parties who had noticed the singular appearance at the grave, commenced to talk the matter over, and they eoon raised a doubt in their minds that she was not dead; about 5 o'clock that same evening seveisi went to the grave and . took the body up. On openingihe coffin they foundifreshmoisture on the glass of the coffin-lid, and her hands were again bioiken from the strip of cloth that bound them, and they were both lying by her side, and instead' of her limbs being in the least rigid,they and her fingers were flexible. Notwithstanding all this, they could not convince themselves but that she was dead, and she was again reburied.' The matter wa$ generally discussed in the neighborhood, and by the -following Sunday the excitement had grown so strong that it was decided to reexhume her theiollowing day., The next day, Monday, after she had slept beneath the sod for four days and nights, she .wa? again resurrected and taken to her home, where she has been dowly but gradually mending. Jfer friends entertain the strongest Hopes of her recovery, which, if she does, will be a remarkable occurrence, long to be remembered by the people, of Snicarte. The way in which this affair Vas managed was, to say the least, very eingular. —Bloomington (III.) Panlagrapl ? ? At a meeting of the WilHwmtown coima cil on Tuesday night, a letter was read from a Mr ^aegtow, who asserts that a coalfield exists intiuWembeePlaus, and which draw the attention of the council to the action of the Governmental calling for tendereforthe supply of five^iiminna drills, and requesting that the Minister of Mines be reminded of Ins recent promise to grant ore for the purpose/ of discovering whether a coalGeld really does ierist in the plain above mentioned. It was decided that the member for Williamstown, Mr A. T. Gark.beasked to use hisinllnence to obtain a drill. : Wheat is firm at 4s 6d per bushel for shipping parcels at Port Adelaide. The demand fs almost nominal. Fanners' lots, were quitted at 4s 4d per bushel at Pijrt Adelaide ; aid 4s Id to-Jfljid p«r buBhel.at potpotta.' '> : -J--' 