THE ABUSE OF CKEEDS. CBEEDS and systems of theology, notwithstanding their usefulness, may be abused to the injury of religious life and progress. This takes place when a creed or form of worship prevents the proper development of thought ana intelligence. A scientific classification is exceedingly useful; but it would be a great mistake to maintain that any particular one was perfect, containing a complete summary of all knowledge attainable in that particular department. Some people seem to look upon their systems of religion as complete beyond all possibility of improvement, modification, or enlargement; and mankind are someliow regarded as existing for the sake of the creed; whereas creeds exist solely for our benefit and convenience. It is certain that no system of theology ever yet compiled has been found to give an exact summary of Bible teaching; assigning to each doctrine its proper place and importance. And until the various gifts vouchsafed to all the writers of Scripture by the Holy Ghost are found in the possession of one man, we cannot hope for an absolutely perfect system of theology ; hence there will always be found room for enlargement, modification, and improvement in our theological and ethical systems. Again, to be rightly used, creeds must be expressed in language that is to be comprehended by all, and that has life and force, calculated to awaken personal interest. Religious truths are often taught in such a way as to give an air of unreality to the truths themselves. We have heard many preachers whose sermons, though con fining sound doctrines, were uninteresting and unedifying, because expressed in too much worn and stereotyped phrases. It is quite possible to be deeply read in theology, and to have an accurate acquaintance with the various truths of religion; and yet, through a pitiful bondage to certain modes of expression, to tail to instruct or interest others. The truth itself is always " living and powerfulbut the human forms of language in which it finds expression become worn out and fossilized. A great number o£ phrases are made use of in the pulpit, in the society fellowship meeting, and in the public meeting for prayer, that oncehadlife,butnow are meaningless and convey no distinct idea. In our opinion it is desirable that we should express our religious sentiment and conviction more in the language of the time in which we live; and not use a religious phraseology devoid of meaning, naturalness, and force. This improper use of well-worn expressions of which we complain is too often a mark of spiritual feebleness and superficial conviction, and a consequence of not having a living, absorbing interest in the truths we teach. Whenever a man is filled with the Spirit and speaks of truths that are to liim sublime and awful realities, he will speak with freshness and power, whatever kind of language he may employ. We "Need never hope to stir the hearts of men And mould the souls of manylinto one Bv words which come not native from the heart." J —Geothe. All creeds and systems of religious truth and duty should have a" practical application to daily life, and one charge brought against religious teachers is that they confine themselves too much to theological doctrines and religious sentiments, neglecting to show the application of these truths to the general conduct of men. We think the charge is not unfounded, and that re ligion comes to be on this account a matter of form or of theory, and not of principle—a thing to be assumed when we go to church, or when in attendance at the various means of grace ; and to be laid aside again when we go forth into the world. Whereas the true purpose contemplated in these exercises is that they are seasons of spiritual edification, instruction, and refreshment, combined with Divine worship, being to us what the arbor on the hill Difficulty was to Christian, our daily life being the sphere in which we are truly to serve God, and fight the good fight of faith. It is not enough for us to be sound in our belief respecting the divinity of Christ and His redeeming work. That belief must be aocompanied by a constant and cheer ful surrender in heart and life to Christ. We have too often presented the spectacle of a professing Christian guilty of extortion or sharp practice in business, of inconsistency in general conduct, or of meanness and stinginess in regard to his support of the work of God. Such cases are stumbling-blocks to the non-professor. Perhaps the greatest abuse to which creeds are subjected is to exalt them into a position of authority equal to the Scriptures. No human system, however venerable or widely accepted, can hold this position. The Apostles' creed itself—universally accepted by the Romish Church and evangelical Protestantism—affords us an instance showing how the purest and moBt venerable creed may be abused. One article in that creed, viz.: " He descended into hell," is construed by Romish theologians as meaning that Christ visited the regions of the lost in the interval between his death and resurrection, and certain theologians of the Anglican and other churches adopt the same view of the words. And we see that this article of the creed, which had no place in it at all for three hundred years, and when it appeared meant only that Christ was buried, has by what is certainly its most natural, though most incorrect, interpretation, lent support to very erroneous theories on future rewards and punishments. Men have had their own theory or " Hope" to begin with; then the words of the creed seemed to encourage them ; then followed the construction, opposed to the plain teaching of Scriptures, put upon the words of Peter, where he speaks of Christ preaching to the " spirits in prisonand thus, upon an article of the creed, and on a passage or two of Scripture misinterpreted, we see founded the theory of a future life probation. Without wishing to say anything disrespectful of the Anglican or of any church, it is due, we think, to the cause of truth to say that those doctrinal errors which have given rise to Ritualism are found in the forms of worship contained in the Book of Common Prayer 3 and in this evil we see the fatal error of exalting forms of worship aud creeds into a position of authority scarcely lower than the Scriptures. When the abovenamed book was compiled, it was, doubtless, a sort of compromise between Romanism and Protestantism, and though it became the form of worship for a Protestant church, it contained some measure of Romish doctrine. False doctrine is doubly dangerous when it is embodied, not only in the creeds, but in the actual forms of worship of a large Christian organisation. We live to see the pernicious effects of this. The doctrine of Baptismal Regeneration, though opposed to Scripture, and repugnant to ordinary good sense, has nevertheless, in the opinion of many, a sure ground of support, because it is contained in the Book of Common Prayer. So with regard to the doctrine of the Apostolical Succession, and the assumption of the priestly office and power of absolution. These Romish errors have arisen in the Anglican Church from the forms of worship used. .The only sanction given to the doctrine of Priestly Absolution is given by the former for the consecration of priests in the Anglican Church, where the words are used—taken from John xx. 23, and misinterpreted—" Whosesoever sins ye remit they are remitted unto them ; and whosesoever sins ye retain, they are retained." The whole assumption of the priestly office rests upon this, and what does this rest upon ? As a fact, the words themselves were not used in ordination for twelve centuries after Christ. No matter; they are found in the forms of the Church, and to the Ritualist that is enough. These are but specimen cases. The mistake is made by many churches of giving an undue importance to forms of worship, or to systems of theology. SHOULD the Medical Bill, introduced last session and lost, ever become law, it will be necessary that some provision should be iucorporated with it, regulating the fees charged by medical men. Jokes are frequently cracked respecting the lawyers' little bills, but we think in future the doctors' accounts will have to bear a share of the merriment. In some cases, however, the charges made by the latter are too serious to be joked about. We know that the doctor's profession is an arduous one, and we quite think it should be liberally remunerated. There are some doctors, too, who are most considerate and thoughtful in their charges, and who, for this reason, have incurred the censure of the profession. We know a doctor, now practising in the city, who has not only attended cases without making any charge, but has given money and delicacies to the patient in addition. Such instances of generosity deserve to be made known. On the other hand, charges are made in some cases which are most exorbitant, and altogether out of proportion to the means of the patient or to the services rendered. We know artizans and working men who have been financially crippled for years, and sometimes for life, by doctors' bills. We think the matter sufficiently serious to justify the establishment of some kind of tribunal of appeal, which should have power to tax doctors' bills, and bring them into proportion with the means of the patient and the value of the services rendered. DU*ING the next fortnight there will be seen in the streets of Adelaide an unusually large number of clergymen, not perhaps clad in the conventional black cloth and white necktie, yet wearing an unmistakable clerical air, the occasion of this ministerial gathering being the meeting of the Wesleyan Conference now in progress. This is always a time of great anxiety to the Wesleyan minister, who at very short notice may have to pack his carpet-bag and move on to some other circuit. We can only say that in the chauges which may take place we sincerely hope that every minister will find his name attached to the very circuit he would have selected had the matter been left to his own free choice. And we also trust that in the statistics which may be presented it will be found that the Wesleyan Church in South Australia has made sensible progress in all material and spiritual prosperity. In our next two issues we hope to present our readers with notes of the Conference, written specially for this journal. THE great triennial electoral campaign is approaching, and already several preliminary skirmishes have taken place. As yet, however, very general apathy seems to prevail amongst the electors in regard to the matter. It seems that most of the members of the present Parliament are about to offer themselves for reelection. We hope some of them will find themselves at the bottom of the poll, notably those who gave their vote for legalising gambling and for invading the sanctity of the Sabbath. Wo Christian elector can give his vote for a man who has shown himself the enemy of religion, without proving unfaithful to his principles; and, on the other hand, no Christian elector can neglect to give lus vote and influence to the right candidate without being guilty of a very serious sin of omission. We will venture to repeat what we have before said, that Christian men who have leisure and ability should be willing to take a share in the work of legislation, aud that every Christian man should interest himself in politics by bringing good men into the field, and agitating in favor of important principles which should be legislated upon. This will be necessary to drag politics out of the mire, and to raise the tone of the House, which at present is said to be almost sufficient to demoralise the character of any man who enters it. Joseph Cook's idea of one of the functions of the Church is that it should be pure and strong enough to overawe the legislation of the country. 