FARMING IN THE NORTH. TO THE EDITOR, Sir— A considerable amount of correspon dence has appeared in your columns of late on the above subject. That it is not a profitable undertaking at present cannot be disputed. Goyder's ghost seems to hover about, if we are to judge by tbe result of the last two seasons. I have had some experience myself and the result was as follows :— I took up a section of land in March, 1879, and put 14 acres in crop the same season, which averaged 2½ bushels; in 1880 I had 55 acres, yielding 3 bshls. 40 lb. ; and this year I had 99 acres, which grew about ten inches high and got blighted before it was out in ear. This disheartened me so that I sold my selec tion at a low figure, of course, and it is my intention to leave the colony and go to fresh fields and pastures new. This is the result of liberal land laws, and the more the same are extended the more people will speculate, and tbe sooner the Government stop selling land outside Goyder's rainfall line the better. I have seen five seasons north of it, and every year, about August, the wheat was in a dying condition, and, if rain at such a time fails, the crops will fail. I was told that it would be so before I selected, but, like so many others, I thought that rain follows the plough, and I paid dear for my folly. Some of your correspondents say that cultiva tion destroys the natural grass and herbage, and "Cockie" says the contrary. Both are right and wrong at tbe same time, for I have noticed that the best grass will die out if the soil gets turned over, while some kinds, chiefly barley grass and a sort of native oats, will grow to such an extent as to kill wheat. I am inclined to think that this part of the country is not suited for agriculture, and if it is to retrograde and come back into squatters' hands again, then they would better be left in possession now, at all events until it is proved that wheat can be grown with profit. The land in this hundred has not been sold so high as Baroota or Telowie, but it takes something far better than we have had so far to enable selectors to pay for it. This year's average will be less than two bushels. I am, Sir, &c;, FRIEDRICH KUTTLER.. Winnowie, December 19. 