NEWS AND NOTES. A number of cablegrams, to which we have not space to more particularly allude, will be found in another column[?] The following nominations were made yes- terday for North ..Hdboufrie:—William Key* nold?> West Meibourito, meat salesman ; 'Thomas, Amott, Hotb&ta;, licensed dames MunYtt;iMelb6nrrie l 'iccountnnt; Fiancfs* Quinlan, St. Kilda, barrister; William Gaun eoo, Melbourne, gentleman. The expected Reform League meetings Tjela' tive to the action of Messrs Miramß and Long mtnxisid;.vpt takejplppe iig'Mplfequrne ycater, day. • • Thursday lhe s: 2Ut of .April ia gazetted ns a public holiday fh Melbohrha for the : hours detaonatratittp.,, f i ; schedules habe beVA delivered throughout the district, and it will be retjuiaitb' that every- ihotiseh'oidar ;»hall dll them kip, giving the required details as to the persons upon'their premises on Sunday liignt, eo that the collection of*tho papers may. start on Monday, We may impress upon householders tho necessity of filling up tb'o schedule? punctually, legibjy, and AorVsctly, so as to save the sUb eAnrAerklota unnecessary. trouble. ,' r ‘ ...To-hlafrow (Sunday). is...tbs day appointed, fbr Che taking of 'the census throughout the British Empire. - The arrangements sb reganl* Victoria have bteii: already stated TA AuV column,. 1 .., The weath’ct of.lete has been satisfactorily' wet, repeated showers falliDg to improve fields and pastures and add to the water-supply. \ .. without much indulgence ih practical ioklfaj.' Evidently the obserVanee of this apcient day of Satumalian folly it llingin to deldOttide. •; At &al9-Wbndouree;, to-day the first event for the trophy (value £10) presented, .by Hr E. Millard, to bi? sailed for under the hksflicek ,o| .the Ballarat,Yapht Club; will cOme off, ahd should the weather prove propitious a pleatint day will W''tphAt?- '-SW- bfiddiSshs’ for ’this" .trophy cre.the same as those attached to the' last competed for, except that the allowance' for all yachts -■ other than ' the Pinafore, Be .porter, .Grand,-Flaneur, Viola,..aod .Victoria, (whieh'arp Classed as 28. feet'eacb) is tb fee oho., minute- pet l ' foot."' Tfiik hatidKkp. is expeftted' to encourage a good number of entries of . those yachts Which-do-hot usually compete in club malnhr.3. We have been requested by the bon. secretary.to state, that entries ,(6a each). wilfbß,recelve4;Bt!ibio cluMrobm-Ap to 8 pm.- : The employees of the Phbspix. foundry Company will to-day hold A' pHniA"' at the. Botanical Gardbfi6, And 1 should the weather prove'dgretisbla A .'pleasant day will doubt lessly fie spent. The pleasure party will start from the foundry in Wellington’s omnibuses. 'aVd'o’clrox'tflis morningi'atid i of" Bports has been prepared; including boat races, foot races, ttigoTT7ar7 pig hunt, cricket, &c.; ( sufficient to afford excitement and eojoymept tot the whole day." Lunch-And-tea will be partaken of at tho gardens, and the party will return home at‘6 e'clAcki’ ' -> -- The wants of the .residents at Dunustown ' and Wallace in tbe matter of railway accom tnodatfen haWtScently" baenV’AtteSfie'd'to' hy Mr Brophy, M.L A.,' and . the following letter received by that gentleman has been habdfi to us for' publication i-k- ,, HelBouthe, 31et Marob.—Sir, reply to.your letter of the. Oth inßtaut, asking that certain conveniences for'loading goods may be provided" at Dunds-- town apd Wallace, , pa tho -Warrepheip to Gordon line,' I, am requested by the general manager to inform you that there ate no funds at present available-for the dttaired work, but provision will bo made on the additional esti mates in, -order, that, the construction -of a goods platform, closets, Ac., at each station on the lioe-.under, notice-may be prniCeded with as early as possible.—l have, Ac, P. P. Laßeb wrocHß. Secretary.: T>.;. Brophy, Esq.', M.F., Parliament ttoußes.”, ' About five years ago a farmer residing in the Buogaree district SSIY afilong some potatoes be was_ carting to market one of a kind not familiar-to him, but which appeared, to be of BUCffah exc'ellint good quality" tfeat he detPV* mined to try and grow from it others of & like, nature. He cut -it and plahteil the eyes, and got .from his.Briginal ona sufficient to enable him to plant a drill. On the fourth year he gathered, in.from the offspring of the original one twenty tons, and on the fifth year, last season,, no less than thirty tons of potatoes, all as aound ind'Welt JaVohrAd as that he picked out when first he thought of planting it. There was it blank'charge-sheet at the 1 City .®gtt*a,Cqprt yesterday .morning,- and from the absence of the complainantc or other caiises none of the civil cases on the list were heard. The_ jury-lista were revised, there being no applications made for names to be.eithei; struck certified to by the preaidiog magistrates, Messra Akehurat^‘P.M./ Lem#;'mayor, and Chalk, J.P. f : ; ‘ r->. . .Mary Ellis was lodged in.the Eastern lock'up on Friday afternoon on a charge of being on habitual druokard: A stOond charge of having used obscene language waa laid against her, and ebe will be brought before tho Town bench this morning. Noonan, .-after a spirited: ppm pet i tion, waa declared the purchaser of the case of Exhibition whisky- presented to the St. ■ Patrick’s' -Day fete' -by Messrii'Ktrkar, 5 Greer, and C 0.5 the grice-rea.liped being £3. Messrs David Thos. and M. Campbell, Bald Hills, "have forwarded £1 la to the fete com. mittee of St. Patrick’s Day, which has been overlooked. -: --At the: close of ;:the' trial oftheßallarat'Fire Brigade’s new steam, engine yesterday, a well knowhlnlttaen, Mr J; ‘Koff, pedant of the. ?*.!! ■ i? u -s?!'°, c Dibrjry, jvho. had . witnessed the trial, ahd with the rest of thQ‘’ B pectatora was-highly pleased with the suocess attending the operation of thp .engine, 'offered to donatpa' sutu of £S 5s to the brigade should it consent. to assist the Free Library Committee by ex hibiting the engine at' Work ou tho Oval upon' Easter Monday, the 1 day of the demonstration m aid of.thp.library. .{„ . { ; . - , ( , •i-We 1 have been gtveri’to tnide'rstnnd,although 1 not officially informed of the fact, that the .-Steam fire engine df the City Fire Brigide will arrive iu Ballarat'by train'this'afternocn. ‘'' We have been asked to contradict tho report that the termination of the fatal malady to phiph the late Mr.TV., CUrke succumbed wap m ahy wav hastened by any struggle Petween himself andoneof th'S’scholars attend ing the Bchool, as alleged in a paragraph which appeared in’ -o'Ur 'issue : of 'yesteiday. The' upfaypurabla symptoms, of .- the - disease -had developed 'themselves previous to Mr Clark’s atteudauoe at the Sebastopol school on Tuesday morning. A very old resident of Ballarat named Peter Robertson, hawker, was travelling on foot on Wednesday night between Dolly’s Creek and Lake Bolac, and stepped over a log, when his left leg bent under him and felt as if broken. He cooeyed for assistance, but nobody was at hand, and it was 10 o’clock on the following day when he got as far as the residence of Mr Brewster, a farmer in the locality. Mr Brewster treated the sufferer in the kindest manner, and bruught him to the Hospital on Friday. His injuries were attended to, and he is now progressing satisfactorily. hare -received from Kildunda a box, containing the core from the diamond-drift at Bridge Crotfc, Where coal has been struck. The coal has a dull look about it, and not that bright appearance which is common in bituminous 7 -*eams. The core is 2 feet 8 inches long, which is the reputed depth roT,lfcpMata/IT hi li'J.i/. ‘ VIV/Tfo SSfj B;,So}BWy,9l Brisbane,'Will com mence’ nis labour^,, inj r J&j;*rat' by preach, ing to-morrow** IJotti morning and even ing, in the Peel_jtract Methodist Free Church, in celebration of the anniversary of the church. $r with a high; reputation as an able preacher, an earnest and devoted' tyaHnar. Jfa&gidg; from'the Ueitimony to his worth of the .dozeq ministers of dif ferent 'who* tdok part in his valedictory soiree, wbjchwe gather from the local press, be will Tie an acquisition to this town, and the Peel street church is to be con- ; gjtugte Vepufe. The H«y. ; Powell W.tpy preach $9? morrow afternoon. On Monday the annual tea meeting will take place, partaking of the , double character of an anniversary and' wel come to-the tey. gentlistaan. Mr i. oattteS,' hClr.A.jwill'p reaids, and addresses givA by several rninisterf and other An attrac tive prC&hihdie;' of mutio baa been provided by the imoir, flo’that it should boa suciesaful gathering, x , _> . • The Town Council got through its business very expeditiously yesterday evening, the whole proceedings, which dealt with a variety of matters, hardly- Cecilpying 4tThotirv : TBO TUByor jocalarly tank A little Credit to himself" in tlio thattoc. Long may there be room for .like congratulation.- . • - • -. -Inreply to 4 communication addressed- to the Commissioner of Railways respecting the excursion trainß to Melbourne, Mr Willis, of Egerton, has received a reply stating that* special trains will leave Gordon on the sth end Sth instant at 5.36 a.m. to convey eshdr sionista to Warrenheip) When they will he picked Up by the train leaving Ballarat East for Melbournb at 6.67 a.m". ’ Paßaedgera from Gordon can obtain tickets from the 1 local statioitmaater, and Ihosb from ttilbrook, Wal lace! BuligirtC'Junctiou, and Dunnotown from the travelling booking clerk. Passengers pur chasing tickets will have to state on which of the .dates above mentioned they*.intend to travel' in older that’ accommodation may Bl) provided. Tickets issued oh the oth Will be available for rCVuin fey any ordinaty train till the llth- mclosive.; Those .issued on the 6th will be available lor any train tip to the 12th inclusive. ■:ilr Joseph Ifelth, ol limy thesdale, has been ■ appointed tbe census officer for the borough of Soiytiiqsdate and Ross' Creek - , said conMenced his duties to-day, f ' .the liSiUrprthigKtly meeting of . the Dawson -'street. Congregational Mutual Improvement Association was held last Thursday waning] th«;preßidant\'jn :the‘ ehttir. - \The-minutes of the-.previoua meeting • having been .reai and Confirmed, - two now metabera fferb eleofed; •aild'two fresh notaihatiofia ftSVe thfieiVea. : The half-yeAriJr 'SKition: of officers then took place frith the following result:—President, the Rev. J. Walker; vice-presidents, Messrs Bodyoombe and Chalmers;' treasurer, Mies Louisa West; secretaries, MessraLonie and Hamljly;-librarian, Mr ; MbssonJ • comfllitteS] - Mist- 'j. Jamieson, Cyoitcß, Bunehon, S ,Wi|fop,-.apd,.Copo .land.,. The remaib'jjfif.nf the evening then • devotedT to ‘readings. and recitations, given by the. following • memberst—“ Address > to ft mummyj’^Mt.'G] 1 /Grouch! “The tjuaket and the robber,the' Rev. J,,Walker] A. VSffipte'r: F. W.‘JSt|UjtonJ i “ Orphan In- li’dhie;. “Dimes .ana .dollars,” Miss j. Jamieson; Na surrender,” :Maßter Wilson; “ Instability of friendship," Miss L. West; “The Spartan lad," Mr S. Wilson; Tbe benediction, bijought a very pleasant and . enjoyable’ evening to a'cltSse. The next night of, mooting will-be devoted to an address on “Irom” ; - ... , s'ur Smythesdale correspondent "writes!—' ’’'Considerable merriment War,eilisSd during' -the sitting of the. tiounty Court -yesterday when one bf the witnesses fh the iland'er SasiS Morrissy v Cullach. was id the box; atl'd Vainly, endeavoured'to niafte hiulselt understood, Hie Honpir, tli'tl two learned counsel, with ail pre sent, could not refrain-from laughing out ; right, whilst -..listening to language which struck one forcibly as haVidg 4 eIoSS affinity Id what was known aihobgat ah oitirieS feliglo’us aect ; as thp J.'unkhdfrh tbngue.’ His Honour, filer listening; patiently for some. tjime, at eagtirstopped tne witness;-and expressed his utter inability.to oomprehend one word that 'was said. -Mr Kelly kindly suggested tbi.t a seeddd attempt on the part of the. witness might'perhaps be mdro' successful, and asked if be- might be allowed to repeat his story, hut hiß Hohour did notice it, and another witness was called.” The engagement., o! ijr Sootbroyi; Rair -cltmgb, the celebrated Shakspearian actor, for & Season at tile Aciidetfly, is all eVeflt of inter rest to playgoetS, Mr FaircloUgh opens to hightih.“Hamlet,” and during next week he. will perform logo, Sir Giles Overreach, Riobard,-Macbeth, and Richelieu. Tbo So'rifcs of performances will not he tharred by tha leading O.ctbr being' indiffetehtly supported, as ■ tlip company now al_the Academy have shown themselves sufficiently versatile and talented td fill the secondary and minob parte in piajis with completeness and efficiency; This being the case, Wfe may eipect and series of briU Rent- performances during Mr EairolougH’S engagement. , Measles, which have for some time past been very prevalent in the Lauriston and Garlsruhß districts, are (says tbe . 'Ohiiriir) gradually being got rid of, and no new cases have been reported tar several Weeks. Captain R. W; Horne,.,who wa&jm;'e of the first commissioners of goldfields in the Colony, died oh Thursday night at~ab advanced age. The deceased gentleman, who was formerly' an officer of the East India Company, saw some service in the Indian campaign of IM9-L itefras (lays the A rgtii) t goldfields commissioner at Bendigo and Heathcote in the early days of the colony, and also acted as a police magis trate at Buekland, Some reports, have (says the. Aryfis) been received by the Bands Department with: re gard to the progress ttf measures t-akeh Ear the ektsrthinaUon of rabbits. Crown Lands Bailiff M&can;, of Casterton, states that he has bean ! \- spreading- poisoned oats for four days *t ntid near Cape Bridgewater; that the grain is now nearly all picked tlpy and that there is a vast number of rabbits lying dead. He is sahgiiido of success with the poitota attd ffiacUineS com bined, but rbgrtts that the farmors, are not as ntivh to their own interests bb would bo ex pected, and that they are not working Unani mously in the matter. Crown Lands Bailiff Dudley, Of Ohdrltot), .r'eportß thaVbb com menced. work on a s&tfdhiU; abollt live biiles from Dbaritob, which bid been a breeding grtuad fbb eotne years, causing immense damage to the selectors. Eight bags of -poisoned-oats, were laid about this hill. There were now not a dozen rabbits where thousands used formerly to be seen. At Lake Dharm the poison had also Bebn most successful. Many Befectora' were buying poisoned grain from him at cost price, and many of them were laying it on Crown land* with good effect* ■ ; John' frhckß' .'mind'ja evidently imbued frith bushr&nging; ideas, was charged be fore theMelbourne-Gonrt On Thurtdab morning ■ -frith-robbery ohdeb ifffig, A little hoy named Joseph Byrnes, stated, (reports the Telegraph) that .bepaws? going through the Bnyal Park,, when he met accused, .-:,The boy asked pri soner to buy .-soma Exhibition, tickets, a num-: ber of which he bad in his possession, having engaged to 801 l them for Mr Roft 1 Prisoner . signified his,'lntention of. purchasing some of .them, and. took from .his pocket a piece of paper, which he presented to tho lad in pays' .m'ent, stating it was a cheque, and telling the boy to get It cashed at the bank.' The boy refused tho.paptr, and alleges that the prisoner then seized; him by tho collar, and presented a pistol at his head, and ordering him to “ball up,” rifled his pooketa, from which he took 17s. 1 : Prisoner admitted taking the money but .dented, having a pistol in his hand, at the time. Bernard waa sent to gaol for three mouths. \- Tho Melbourne correspondent of the ArSrat Advertiser is responsible for the following';— ~o, A ? , ?? p ‘£ en ! i • Charles Sladen recently has caused some fun. Sir Chartes had a blackfellow working'for him, °n.d. a dispute arote about payment. .She son bf'thesDjl'was very mad about the wav Sir -Charles dealt with him, and when the knight was down at his place he went up to him and said, .. Charley Sinden, you. no good; Berry buet you up like him that,” scrunching an unfortunate fly, which had lit. on the. verandah post, Sir CharTes had evidently made an enemy, and Mr Berry a' firm friend. Our abangmai genUemen aro getting to,understand P9“M9*i .and I should not .be surprised ‘to near of a sable deputation, headed by the aggrieved individual, waiting on ; Mr Berry and. asking him to. bust up ‘them - squatters.’ ” ... f ' The tramaways are evidently gaining in popularity m New South Wales. The Sydney .Matlg TeUgraph learoa that-preliminary steps are-bemg taken for the construction of tram ways to other sabotbb, and that the surveyors are preparing'plans and seotioria of tho line to MamohnllSi .Tbo tramway to Waverley will h ? r - to *>e opened on the 7th April. as pro-' yicraaly atatod bf Mr Lackey;' blit it’ will be impossible for, the .department, to run trains •regularly , all day,. to that suburb ,at first, in consMuence of tha limited number of motors at its disposal. There are only nine motors in i the colony, and so wiih the lines now open it will be as muoh as the department will be able ■? do t® run cars between half-past,7 and 9in tho morning, and between i and 6 in- the afternoon; at other times they will only‘run as,' far as Oceanstreet, It is-stated-that -twenty three.motora have been ordered from America, *“ U at< ,% 8 shipment left New .“ lor ® than, 100 days ago, and- has not arrived. It will take about a week to get them ready for use after landing;-''.'- ---•- s h.™ P a ? ,ul m “' ld '' ver y distressing accident ghfppenedpn Thursday to «little girl aged nine 1 ImtS ?-W Bd daughter of Conatable jl5 f J ll * 7 ? R * af - 1,1 «PP«w («ys the , Magletford Advocate) . that Constable Smithwick and his diU'ghier Sobs had j)een on a visit to Melbourne; ~ahd pit their return Home had itoppfecl at Trbotharnjo pay soma friends it, Pisit. Daring tho'-d&y; Kosa, in com* pony with some-af’her friends,.went into a paddock to sea some horsesand while ploying about thCm, i girl’s attention was called to.: a pretty fool; which, quietly it and put her hand du'its back, but.’resentibg such endear nient it tufned round find kicked at her, striking her with its hbofs oh the nose, ■ breaking it iaS9 severely ftduiidinfl her facKy When'brpbght to tbb'Hoiipital she was suffer^ ■ iug much pain;: the wound was a very ugly bn% and.will probably mar the looks of the child, whiSh was rbmarkably pfatty, fob UfS. Dre 1 Dunoon, Postal, .and-iaogford were: all •engaged in attending to the and! the .little sufferer ismoW progressing Ssfayourably as could be eipefettid tthder' Iho eircum- —• iii Wedriesday’s issue we gave particulars of | an accident that had befallen a young inan nathed Henry Sojitb.'tht eifipioyep. at’tSedttal; Dal lroß Company V works, who had been Only about a uouple of months in the colony* tFhe sufferer, who is now in the Hospital, is a nativo of Germany, and ‘has .no.,‘relatives .in tills country. The time, of'bourse; hangs heavy on his hands at present; afld nccnKliugly. ad. hb is hdt yet aciyiiaihted With the English language, he would be greatly obliged if Borne one would lend him a few books, ih bis fiatjte. tongue. Dbuhtlesa ! it qnly. requires t'ti tßitb ttiS wtsti knbwh ih timer tp haVo it promptly gratified. The books could either be given direct to the patieht or.bb left lit thia office;' as In.tßb Jitter case our reported will Bo happy to take ■ charge of them ap'd hand vhqm over. to Mr Smith, ' I'he Melbourne correspondent of the Qipps land Mercury thUs gossips of the, North Mel. bourne election! —ThS: Sofortn Deagrte' , iaVti' BhosSH Mr atuhrS for North Melbourne ! op that gentleman promising them : and the Miqistry—on beaded Rnb'esJ title ittighs tas— ftlll.be faith tulin future, and that, for a ‘ twalmonth ’ he will not take an active part in the House, These are the conditions and no one conceals them. .Munro will-.win. The constitutionalists have, selected!- Mr Reypoldsi, ; wb'd is cobnected , with . the ineat market;, an important institution •ih Hotham. He 'gees in for a combination; of the best meu on both aides; and ag(ipa(ai half nod half polioy; yHe-will bave hounean Shaw, as Sir John O'Shanassy told a, friend of lhtnß to-day .that he Would,geb the Batbolhi vote. If fir Andre# goes to the poll Mr Roynolds Will not be far behind. As .for Mesßrß. Gauusoo, ; 'Kelly, Amoty,' &c.;, they will be nowhere, Jthey will clear out. The collectot- of .’cuslpma: (fir i 1?. ft! Hqw-' : don) has (reports the Arjfiis) bee*u served'w|fh tt tlotibe bj Mr P. D. Phillips, aolioitor for Mr E..Dngerer, to show cause why the jewellary which' figured on a recent smaggliug .caso ebonid not bo given up. The police' magistrate \- decided against the Customs Department; but the jewellery has nofc beeh surrendered.'".. The kyheton Olssncr tells the following atqry of\ tho,:«bßßusi^“ipne-oft the Stiß-bnfitiierators'm this district is 7 a-gentle man' well known'‘arid respected, 7 and’whose every-day lines are laid in the office of a Well known istiffoitor of this town; via. following out his daiiybooopattob ttehisdoubtless?had .te.-trabssht of i-tiat-ilfcol gather- pleasant kind—with many townsmen, and his! coming Suddenly and unexpectedly upon any ooe js. naturally apt to.startle them; OD -TuesdAy.’this Hmb-bf- the>law’a' allacht, in going abottfin the Capacity of sttb-enurrieratcr, suddenly tiaulfi across a kynetonian, at-whose house he had -to leave a'census.paper. :-Doiog solemnly up to hlin, he said, ‘Ob, Mr——, whore do you lire ?’ Mr— replied) ‘Down aoeh end suCh a Street, 1 pointing Iu ihe direotitin indicated. ‘ftell;’ said the sab-enumerator; ‘lf yoq. will fake'this ntiWj 'it Will Save-SB delivering- It at yoitb residence as the law requires,’ at the same time pulling a white sheet of paper from' the capacious pocket of his coat. Sira —’a face commenced tti lehgthen; and' there, was'a sort of trbubled look abolit his eyes. His lotcrro gater w4a A lawyer’s clerk, and the donutrient he was producing was Undoubtedly a sum-, moos. Who could be summonsing him ? :What had he dono tb bo aUmmbnsed.fAll these and a lot of other thoiignta fieW swiftly through the head of thb. troubled man. ‘ Oh, yes, I’ll take it, thank you,' said Mr— au.tomaticaljy opahipg oiit_ the While sheet of printed' caatter. oust picture the surprise and joy which lighted the whole of his coun tenance when he saw what the document was about. Eagtifly Seiting the sub-emmlerator’s haod, he said, VThauk you, old boy, it’fl only a ceuhus.papQr; ,t thought it was .a summons; 1 and when-he had left.go the hand he so vigour, ously shook; the censuS-taktir retired to a quiet ctiruer and carefully counted his digits.to Bee that they. were.all BRfe and sound, while the happy than walked merrily away." The ihembers of the Volunteer l/ire tirigadb -Were (reports the P. 0. Mcici) disturbed some what rudely in, their practice last night by the tinging of the fire bejl. They were etigsged in practice just below Fay'a Towh Hall-hotel; and unfortunately had tWo lengths ,pf hbse off the reel when the bell tang orit. The wlndidg bf WSihbi'e Kailseu Considerable delay, and con sequently the brigade did riot ptit in their' .appearance at tha fire, .nntil some, time aftfer their iisuAl stle'qdy Jrork. ' Tfie lire #aa in Patrick street;, just beyond the Boyal ,Oak‘ hotel; a foiir : robme‘d cottage owned by Mr T. O'Rourke; a guartri oartet, bsing, completely deitrSyed. :-Not#itllitahiilhg the distance irom where they werb practising the brigade reaohed the scene of the conflagration with commoud- Able pbotfipitUdb.' ! Thbiigh they l weyb finable to fiaVe toe house, they prevented -the fire' from spreading-, arid extinguished the -il»mea on the fence, separating fir O'Rourke’s, pro fit isss fit)fit thosti of Mr Fawcett adjoirillig; which at one time was iu imminent danger of' bsing destroyed. 'The' fire, we understand, was caused by that soured of .strch acnidents—the bltrafifig of and keFdsene lainj).- Mrs O'Rourke was in tha house at the tints with two children; and her scredms attracted the neighbours, but' Although' a.nuriiber of willing helpers wefo ipeedlljr.ph tlib groiind;; they were: finable td render any assistance. Tho building, which was an old wooden ohfe, Was ablafts all oVer, ftifhiri.a.pijniite froth the timo tbb iitfitp blitsf, so that alt attempts to save furniture, &c.; f were futile. . Indeed; it was fortunate that the inmates 'esedped un hurt. Hr O'Rirafke; wiS goihg- Ititd towp at: the. rime the fire broke. out, and ofi his arrival Al his former homo wasf.tolil. that lode p£ his ohiidren was in the flame*; He msfle ffahtlc B®A Jhtu. th(S. Jbfirtflrig building, and h&d; to bo held back fordibly by the bystdadiiß. Fortunately the ohiidren were all saved; The -house, we -leatn; was uninsufed.- Prior to the -arrival of the brigade a sinall indtarubber hose waa laid on from Mr FaWtihtt’s ,gdrdeb,‘but it Ww tod atnan to &ucct; tHo io any Ttay. -‘ Tho electrio. light has oil one or two ocoa sions been used for practical purposed in Mel beurne, but hardly evtir in the maurier'in which Messrs Johnson and Oo.,"of the -Tyne , Foundry, are now employ iug it. Being pressed for time: for the completion of their contract for the repairs to the Soratb arid the Gulf of Finland, they are (says tbe. Argut) obh'ged. to .Work all through the 2 i hours. -To eridble them to proceed with thsir work during the night timo, they have availed themselves of the use of tho eleotric light, whiob is-produced by two Siemon’a dynamo-machines, saoh of which is driven by a ateam-engine. The electrio current ia led away to two lamps, one placed in the yard and the other iu the fitting-shop, and is of such .power that work is carried on as in thejdaytimo. not needed* The streets Were nottif 4ufn° ie jJ widtli to allow the ordinary traffic to/tkflJajii uninterfered witbV The • u injurS the city by fcne trade in Melbourne. Mb moVecLfcbS following resolution:—“ ThaV-zn- the Optoinn this meotiog tramways ara- ; not that wo have ofepmaodl** tioh alfr?adyi” -was fccoiided by Mr Janies Fhipps, a fid carHed-titidtliitiojislji an amendment in favour of tramways by Mr E. Jowett lapsing, after considerable uproar, fnf want ttt a Bfibonden.. £fc r ßo§*sl§{«s*dte|fc on~lHe motion of Dr Oroose, seconded by Hy Delbridge — 11 That the Fitzroy Council Bhonld be requested to tahe no'decided action in the poll ’or tHTF^epayers upon-thcr'^u&S;£ibn. M ‘' It c waa jiiftuof decided to form a deputation to the jFitzroy City Couhcil, and present the foregoing.resolu* tioqftjtn 'tharni * I Th&'taeofihfl tbbbliided with U foie oc {Hanks totbe chairman. ~ X remarkable’distinction was (s'aya the Byd-' ri ey Daily TeleyrapftJ-drawn in the Legislative Audibly. bo Web a fcrSVfillinp in railways and tramways on Sundays, ana in visiting jßablio Library.on Henson, one of. the members for Canterbury, * baaed hia v oMfttidn’/td the lattbr on the.ground institutions free, biit .had to - nay.fqr-tritellirig on the Government- lines.' AfcdoMitfg'thtbisi htf 6rlni6 ; if'the indulgence is'tfalS’ fofj* oh (H other., words,'Mr Henson quity,of ' ‘ , tt, .that the -|deciflion of the Le§istatise % UiitfndU. ja hot to with the fi9form;Bill t before reading the measure, a second time«;to>: send ;-a. message to the 'Legislative . 'Assembly -euggesting that a joint Co’mtiilttey should Jje appointed to tjQ the Subject,’ Tiio MidiSttyf (adcoraing IhQ jfrjtfui) have'expressed an opinion that committee after tbesecond reading instead of before! bj!t thid ppifll dpe( hot constitute '.any. 1 ' barrier. pslWeen/. ; Houses f and, a conference next weekmay be regarded as an accomplished faet» v * ’ .:•••• • /, f. It_ would Boom as .though ono ghost itory weeds another. Ho sooner • (saya the P.G. Nona) did 'the; paragraph published in our' eolumne nithTefetdnco to a haunted house in . this town appear than a few persona set them selves to watch the uncanny tenement. Boys too, joined in the ,watob, and a party of tii.ese. spread a that the unquiet .“spirit,” whose, visit to ,the locality referred to eaSaed tpn oeeupiero W the house so muoh iUneaoiness, was seen to. v fly over-another house.’ For "the benefitpf.the person, who for the time being is playing ghost we ; may mention that there are one or two persons watching whose itnoiri.' .nation is mot quite so.,vivid as- ithab ntthe' youngsters referred to, and ehohld I .he fall idto' .their hands, the ahancW me’ha'wiU wish he • ! 2£? ° { less Oian; ffesh and blood, boih»t h* might bffer iew re. sistance to good sturdyfate.’ \- Tha Miniater df'PdbHe Works' Has (reports’ tionn e n? ed J°w top 'P littin ß onera- ■ Junl H« h S "Benges/ after the 'Soth: Greeted notices to be issued : «rtuig' of. timber, and all traffic mustabso irmw -hV° tfaat beforB Ibat .doto' all cut timber Will .hayo to , be removed. Tho’objtct '« MMiso: meaturea ia to protect tl.aerdrainage «f e M> n° C -j dan .° 8 with tb ® rjc °, tr mendatione i ® reoent report. •« * ! -\\. of i pße - I " PS to ?? n ?'der the question oM he: introduction- of- tramways was 4 reports Thursday' bight. Phete wore aimut sQo‘ner. t.he tramways Bystem.whicU pp. : thpughrwas 