^ s t r a t a ttegrams. [FBOM THE DAILY PAPERS.] NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, Saturday. It was stated in the House by Mr. arnetl that 300 hotels in the city were wned by one firm, and another owned 250, hich toe Premier characterised as an nfamous use of capital. Henry Vincent Harris, the late accountnt at the Lands Department, has appeared n remand at the Water Police Court, harged with stealing a cheque for X10, he money of the Government. The prisoner was committed for trial. The Crown Solicitor stated that other charges oE a similar nature were pending against him. and application for bail was refused. The Attorney-General, Mr. R. Wisdom, has stated, iu answer to a question, that it was his intention to take criminal proceedings in connection with the Milburn Creek award at once Another death from small-pox is reported at Pyrmont this morning, tae victim being Georgina M'Culloeh, who was buried with, out delay. Charles Wood, aged twenty-four years, died to-day of smail- por. The deceased resided at Pyrmont. The case was not reported to tiie police, although he was ill for five days. Monday. It is stated that George Woods, who died from small-pox on 'Saturday, had been treated for erysipelas. The error was di covered only after his death. A rumour is current ttaat small-pox has broken out at North Shore. A court-martial was hfld on board the Wolverene, to-day on Bandsman Yates, who was sentenced to two yew s' penal servitude for desertion and.pfrjory, and then to be dismicsed the service. Serious chaxges have been preferred against: Alderman MacMtyhon, the late mayor, of Petersham, who. was summoned at the police court to-tUy on charges of forgery and perjury. Tne prosecutor is Jacob Andrews, a iand-uwner. The case, which arises out of .transactions betweeu the partite for the purchase and transfer of land, was postponed un'.il Thursday. • r It has transpired in the case ot George Woods, who died from sm ill-pox, that none of the family were quarantined, but whilst (he patient was infected he walked about the city, mixing freely with different Tuesday. Another oase of small- pox was reported to-night. A man named Searle, apprehended at Tass for -drunkenness, was strack hy Constable Murphy with a loaded whip, and . tendered insensible: He has been unconscious since, and is now < During a terrific thunderstorm yesterday evening, the lightning struck a loaded gun' which a man was carrying. near Darling' Point, causing it to explode and buret into atoms. No one waa injured. WAQGA WAGCJA, Monday. A cruel practical joke is reported to bard been played upon a youth who recently visited some country relations in this', district. He was taken out opossumshooting by some of his young friends> who; had previously arranged that one of their.; number should climb a tree and personate, a ghost by covering himself with a sheet. Suddenly the alarm was given, and the conspirators decamped in feigned alarm, but, soon recovering their, courage, they, persuaded their young guest to fire at the ghost, having previously taken the precaution to see that his gun was only loaded with powder. The gho't, descending from the tree, approached the party, sind no terrified the lad that he became insensible, and was fully six weeks before he regainedhis customary health. 