A GHOST STORY. SIm JONAH BARRINGTON, Judge of the High Court of Admiirality in Ireland, whose testi mony, to those acquainted with his character and position, must be received with deserved weighi, relates the following in the second vol., p. 151, of his "Personal Sketches of his own Times." After speaking of the intimacy existing between himself and Lord Rossmore (then living at Mount Kennedy), at that time Conmmander-in-Chief in Ireland, he says: "This intimacy at Mount Kennedy gave rise to an occurrence the most extraordinary and inexplicable of my whole existence. Lord Rossmore was far advanced in years, but I never heard of his having had a single day's indisposition--he bore in his old age the ap pearance of robust health. During the vice royalty of Earl Hardwicke, Lady Barrington, at a Drawingroom at Dublin Castle, met Lord Rossmore. He had been making up one of .his weekly parties.for Mount Kennedy to corn-. mence the next day, and had sent down orders for every preparation to be made . The Lord-Lieutenant was to be of the com pany. Every week his house was filled with persons of the highest circle, interspersed with neighbours. 'My little farmer,' said he to Lady Barrington, addressing her by a pet name, ' when you go home tell Sir Jonah that no business is to prevent him from bringing you down to dine with me to-morrow.' She promised positively, andon her return informed me of her engagement, to which I at once agreed. We retired to our chamber about twelve, and towards two in the'morning I was awakened by a sound of a very extra ordinary nature. I listened; it occurred first at short intervals, it resembled neither a voice nor an instrument; it was softer than any voice, and wilder than any music, and seemed to float in the air : I don't know wherefore, but my heart beat forcibly; the sound became still more plaintive, till it almost died away in t~he air; when a sudden change, as if ex cited by a pang, changed its tone; it seemed descendling. At length I wakened Lady Bar rington; she heard it, as well as myself, and suggested it might be an Eolian harps; but to that instrument it bore no similitude. She:at first appeared less affected than myself, 'but was subsequently more so. We now went to a large window in our bedroom which looked directly upon a small garden beneath. The sound which first appeared descending, seemed then obviously to ascend from a grass plot .immediately below our window. It continued. Lady Barirington requested that I would call up her maid, which I did, and she was evi dently much more affected than either of us. The sounds lasted for more than half an hour. At last a deep heavy throbbing sigh seehined to " issue from the spot, and was shortly succeeded by a sharp and loud cry, and by the distinct exclamation, thrice repeated, of 'Rossmore! Rossmore l Rossmore!' I' will not attempt to describe my own sensations. Indeed, I cannot. Lady Barrington, who is not super stitious as I am, attributed this circumstance to a hundred different causes, .and mad:? ine promise I would not mention it neXt day at Mount Kennedy, since we should thereby be rendered laughing-stocks. At length,' wearied with speculations, we fell into ai sdund sluin ber. Next morning my servant came to my door, and said, "Oh, sirl; Lord Rossmore's footman was running past the door in great haste, and told me in passing that my'lord, after coming from the Castle, had gone to bed in perfect health, but that,about half-past two this morning, his own man, hearing a noise in his master's bed (he slept in the same room), went to him, and found him in the agonies of death1 and, before he could alarm the other. servants all was over !' I conjecture nothing. I only relate the incident as uneluivocally matter of fact. Lord Rossmore was absolutely dying at the moment I heard his 'name pro nounced." A fatal railway accident is reported" from. Keidtucky. The train camein pontact with . cow,' was drivenoff the rails, the bridge gave. way, and the carriages fell a distanceof thirty feet. Seven people were killed. Timoleon comes home with a hat that sinkij down to his nose, His wife is horrified "BmBu that thing don't fit you at all, my dear" " know it don't, and I told the batter so. ~ut he showed me his gold medll and what coals I do I" 