A PERILOUS ADVENTURE. Sitting by my fireside this Christmas time, with ' my young wife by me, she prays me to detail in writing the history of that perilous adventure which befell me- at tins period just a year since. I was not married then, I wasFlorian's lover, thongh not more her lover than 2 am now. I was living as I am at present . at my paternal mansion of Penkwd, only I was a forlorn man living alone, mv heart brooding over a jealous affection, and my mind filled with a blank mel ancholy. My mother had died but lately, and there was a great gap in our household — a gap hard to Ml, for she was a notable woman, and a loving mother to me. A trifle fond of power perhaps, a trifle jealous and exacting ; but I have a little too much of her blood in me for that matter, so I will not complain that her affection required of me, in return, an exclusive attention aud a single heart I gave both. Knowing- all she had done for me, I thought it but a email thing that I should remaun single for her sake Nevertheless this bachelorhood had somewhat soured me, and at thirty-five I was conscious that I could no longer play my part among younger men, or catch the eye of a maiden, as I had done some eight or ten years ago. And this grieved me ; for, down in the West, there lived a lady whom for three years T bad loved secretly and too well. It was for my mother's sake that I spoke not of my" love. Looking sorrowfully on her aged face, I could not find it in my heart to embitter ber last days by placing another mistress in the old house, where she had reigned queen for more than forty years. So I held my peace, and bore to see my lovesurronnded by handsomer and younger suitors than myself — men before whom my claims wonld seem weak as cobwebs in the eyes of a yonng maiden. And yet sometimes the remembrance of a glance, a blush, a tone, made my heart beat wildly with hope, as in my loneliness I counted these shadows over in my memory. And now my mother was dead. She died blessing me ; seeming at last to understand that, if she had done much for me, I too bad borne somewhat for her. . . " Giveyoureelf a comforter, deal-Ralph," she said eagerly. " Waste no time in grief : your bonsehdld needs a mistress : marry, my son, and may God bless your choice !" Thus I bad her blessing on it ; and if I could only persuade myself that my suit wonld prosper, I might speak now ; but my hopes were so low that I dared not. X was no longer vonng, my face was worn, my hair was sprinkled with silver threads. And this change had come to me through her — for ber sake. Oh, that I could make her understand this ! Three years is a longtime for a man to stifle love and . endure jealousy, doubt, despair. And yet when I looked down on the face of my mother, so beautiful in death, I felt glad that I had borne these things silently and in patience. If Florian might only comprehend that I bad suffered, and love me for it ! bnt no, I was too old now to win a woman so young and fair. Thus ran my thoughts, therefore it was no marvel I was exceeding sad after my mother's funeral, when I sat in my bouse alone It was Christmas Eve, and, because of my grief, there was silence among my servants, and there were no guests in the house," no" voice "of "merriment or of song. It was very chill, very lonely, and I sat alone ; Suddenly the -door was opened by a rough hand, and. there broke ofienuvely np m my solitude s gay roysterer,— a merry blade' men called. hSm--Aer cousin. The man was handsome ana yonng, and had a careless, «aqy grace, a winning way with him that maddened me. For 2 knew his so'nl .was not so fair as his face, and it was hard to -.eee him gaining sweet smiles and gracious, glances from those who-had no means itf. judging him, save by his outward looks. " Why, -man," he cried, wringing my band with false bendship. " thon'rtgrim and glnm, and silent as a drowned cat this Christmas' tide ! Come, 'cheer np ! order in the.punch bowl and the daret : grief is dry ; and at thy years there. is no time for sorrow. .rLet us laugf-iabd he merry. I vow4&ere; are wrinkles- eifShy brow since lasfl saw tbee, and Ihy pate grows, grey as a bald magpie's." , 5 . I answered his rude greeting jwithfew words, but they were caatiouB 'ot'her sake, and I rang, and ordered CSuaBlmas cheer for him. . V-'cijf We talked and drank till late into the night. In his caps his talk flowed freely, and Ins words were bitter to -me. --He loved his coram, be said, and fie believed ber heart was hisgbewas going lis ride next day— ChristmasDay — tofaierf ether's bouse ; he Bhonld stay with them a week — toe "feasting,-- merry Christmas week. Had I anytubsaajglHe fHnld,1du it jtith pleasumV;"or Ja3etRr if I those. ;aiad 'iaoIUftfrabo message," I answered soldly. Ah, Well, J ' was a man, and lie was sorry for me. . I had.grown lately to -look, quite an. old bachelor too. Why did T not brash up that grizzled hair of mine, and make love to some staid lady of my own age f -There was Miss Penelope Pengnin, she was ..bat thirty-four, and not ill-looking v -. what .did .1 think, of her? Oh, well, he begged pardon ; he meant no .offence. . ,At all events, let us drink to oar fatare brides. He filled his cap to the brim, and, reeling as he stood, drank to the health of the - woman I loved. "Here's tothe health of -Florian the fair l" he cried, "and may she be my bride before Laqiaiahjii<!e;1 jscfVdl, - sir,";iie "I cannot piej. better toast, or a fairer hdy£ gpaswrad.-: "fl drink-to Florian alsof ' And' niky '-- I see her in her ehrpaii sfiter? than | wife' ,|o; such a man as you 1" if thundered forth with fury. Bfering 'it-tiie "with stupid amazement, in his bleared eyes, ' he flung the silver flagon across ' the table wildly, and then fell helpless anflRrpnten. on the, floor. I rang the bdb5rf i %' Vtf ? J . i?. Pnt , this gentleman, to bed," I said quietly.- : With that I left the room; 2 could hot endure, toe tight of his hand some, foolish face, now that he had talked ofFlerian as his vrife. " In the moirtnhg,T-fiaw by my servant's looks that he was gone. X eat at my breakfast,, lonely, counting in my hear the miles still stretching between him and her. At dinner-hoar he wonld be there — he wonld see her face — touch ber band — whisper the words in her ears that I had not dared to say. I thought of the dance, the song; the jest, the fair , rooms brqflit with evergreens and music ; and with heavy, jealous eyes I looked : round upon my own sombre dwelling, where the pale shadow of my dead still rested. And this was Christmas Day ! Truly a melancholy time for a solitary man, who knows himself uncared for, and whose "way of life has fallen into the sere and yellow leaf" The next day, and the next went by ; and on the third there came a letter from him. "Had we drank too much on Christmas Eve ?" he asked, " He had a confused memory of a fight, in which be certainly came off victorious, being un- bruised. However he hoped I wonld forget and forgive. For his part, be bore no malice, and was sorry for my loneliness and my loss. He had talked of me to his cousin, and she was sorry also, very sorry. And her father had said, "Would I finish my Christmas with them ?" It was donbly hard to be lonely at such a time, and she thought that grief was not so ill to bear when shared - so wonld I come ? I should have a ConuEih welcome, and good cheer." He ended in his rough, wild way thus : — "Hang it, man, brighten thy long visage, and bestride thine horse, and let the good beast bring thee hither with , all speed. Here shalt thou find winter and fair weather, and a fairer lady, who deems not her cousin, forsooth, good company enough for Christmas." It was hard to take an invitation from his hand. My pride rebelled against his interference ; I would not go. I held to this resolve all that day, and the next till noon ; then I read his letter again, and fancied I saw a vexed tone in it — fancied I saw that he had written it perforce against his mil. At this my stubborn mood melted. I hesitated, pondered, then yielded. My weak heart yearned to see her face, and to have that joy, I wonld .bear, to behold it beaming smiles on him. Half ashamed of my weakness, I lingered till next day — the 30th; and even then it was past noon when I started. But my horse was good, and if I rode hard, I might be at Trevesy by nightfall. There was a sprinkle of snow on the ground, and a feathery shower fell lightly aronnd me, of which I thought nothing till sunset. The short, dark day was over at five ; and at that -hour a sharp wind sprang np, and the enow began falling thickly. I felt somewhat blinded and bewildered by the big flakes, ever flying downwards and onwards, and aronnd me, like a cold, patient army, whose onslaught conld never be stayed or driven back. Still I pushed on, thongh the- poor beast I rode, shook and trembled, and strove, in his dnmb way, to reason against my headstrong will. And now, with some dismay, I suddenly perceived, by the ranking of my horse, even to his flanks, in heaped snow, that, bewildered by the whiteness, he and I had lost the road. It was but a rough one at the best, for I was in a wild country, where mines were many, and men and dwel lings few. Extricating my- poor -steed from the drifted snow wherein -he floundered, I rested him a moment, and shonted aloud for help." Again and again my cry came back to me, follow ing on the wings of the cold wind, bat no other sonnd broke the deathly still ness of the night. Oh, for a saving light in some chari table -window 1 Bat there was none — only Bnow and darkness, darkness and snow all aronnd. I thought it terrible ; and yet in a little span of time from this I wonld have deemed it Paradise to be lying lonely on the heaped snow upon this drear moor. " Give me thine hand, wife. Methinks I have need of the touch of thy dear lips to give me courage, ran, even in memory, I can dare recall the horror — the hideous horror — of that night So let me -hold thee thus, while my shrink ing pen draws the detail of my periL" I put my home to a sharp canter, and he went about a furlong blindly, then stood still, snorting with terror. I strove to urge him on, but he refused to obey either whip or spar. Seeing no reason for my horse's fright and stubbornness, I spurred him sharply, and urged him with angry voice to obedience. His wonderful obstinacy compelled me at length to dismount, and, with my drawn sword in my hand, prepared for high wayman or footpad, I. dragged him onwards by the bridle. Upon this he made one hasty plunge forward, then etopped, and at the same, instant the earth went from beneath my feet, and I fell — fell I knew not whither, down, down, into deep darkness unfathomable, terrible as the great pit. I can scarcely say whether I thought as I fell, yet I knew I was going to death—knew I was descending one of those unused shafts that lie oat on many a.Cornish moor- knew that my bones would lie unthought of in ita depths for ever. Surely there are moments in time that -count as years, for, as I fell, I saw my whole life pass before me, and old buried actions long forgotten surged np fiery. I saw my mother's face and Florian's. As hers came, I closed my eyes. " Let me die now," I said ; and, with a 'great cry to God for mercy, I gave myself up .to Death. But even at that instant my flight was arrested, and I hung in mid-air, clinging i by my bands, to what- 1 'knew not. It j was my sword, which I had forgotten that I held. By miracle it had thrast - itself, as If ell, betweenthe earth and the rocks in the rade of the shaft; and there, jammed Trat; itjheldme up. I .cannot explain. how this occurred — I only know that it was. so. As. that cry for mercy escaped my lips, the mercy came. My sword caught in the inter stices of the rock, and I was held np, my. feet dangling over the abyss, my hands clinging to the hilt of mygood hlade. Jtj was Ann as a wedge— I conld feel that, in spite of my trembling; yet still my, position was horrible. ToremaiuthuB, to hold on was torture unutterable ; lint , to yield even for a moment was death. ; There was no hope of release for hours — there was no possibility. of -relief of posture ; there was nothing bnt strong i endurance and courage- to ..cany me j ' through. I wnite4 — I suffered — I j prayed,"'' ' y --< Ah ! darling wife, yon lean yonr four face on mine, and your tears fall. Look ing into yonr loving eyes, and paying back kiss for kiss, I thank God that I endured and hoped. It waa a night to me of horror. The winds blew and the snow fell, bnt the cold touched me not ; I had fallen too deeply into the shaft for that, even if my tortured blood conld have felt it Morning broke at last, and hope grew with it At intervals I had called alond through all the night ; bnt now with scarcely any intermission, I raised my voice in cries for help. I did this till weariness stopped me ; then I rested in agonised hope of a voice in reply. There was none. No sound reached me. I was in my grave, alone. I called again, again, again ! I husbanded my voice. I drew in my breath, and shonted with the strength of despair. There was no answer. The snn travelled upwards, and I knew it was high noon, thongh to me the stars were visible likewise ; yet tbe mid-day rays shone somewhat into the abaft, and showed me how I hang. The pit here was not quite perpendicular ; it sloped slightly from my feet outwards, and I had fonnd rest for one foot on a ledge of rock. Oh, tbe ease to my anguish from this merciful rest ! Tears sprang to my eyes as I thanked God for it. The enn had shown me that to climb ont of the pit unaided waa impossible, so I called for help again, and called till voice failed me. I ceased to cry, and higfat fell down again. As thehouis crept on, a kind of madness Beized me : phantoms sprang np from the pit, and tempted me to plunge below ; horribleeyes glareddown upon me ; voices mocked me. But wont of all was the souud of water — a purling rill flowing gently in my very ears, trickling drop by drop in sweetest music, horribly dis tinct. Water I To reach water I wonld willingly die ; but I knew it was a mad ness, so I resisted the fiery thirst that wonld have made me release my hold and perish. Water ! Yes, there was water at tbe bottom of tbe shaft, fathoms deep below my feet, bnt I could only reach that to die ; and there waa water on the fair earth, fathoms above me — water I should never see again. I grew dizzy — sick — blind. I should have fainted — have fallen — died; but as I leant my head against the rock, I felt as though a cold refreshing hand were laid upon it suddenly. It was water ! It was no madness — it vox water ! A tiny stream trickling through the bare wall of rock, like dew from heaven. I held forth my parched tongue and caught the drops as they fell ; and as I drank my strength was renewed, and hope and the desire for life grew warm within me again. And yet on this, the second night of my horrible imprisonment, 1 cared not so passionately, I looked not so eagerly, for succonr. My_ limbs were numbed, my brain I deadened; life was ebbing towards death; a shadow at times fell over my eyes ; and if I held etill to the hilt of my sword, if my feet sought etill the ledge that rested them, they did it mechanic ally, from habit, and not from hope. I think sometimes I was not in my right mind. I was among green fields and woods, I was gathering flowers, I was climbing mountains ; and from these visions I awoke always to darkness- darkness above, around ; -darkness below, hiding the abyss that hungered greedily for my life. And no friendly face, no voice, no footfall, near. Not a step, through all tbeseslow.slowhoure. If pass ing peasant, through the day, had heard the lonely cry rising from the depths, he had set it down to ghost or pixy, and had passed on his frightened way regard less. And now the night was wearing on, and no rescue. I conld not live till morning — I knew that. " Well, I wonld die with a prayer tor mercy ou my ups, and tbe thought of Florian hidden in my heart She would marry bood, and if she had ever guessed my long, long love, she would smile on it then as an old tale, "and forget it. He was a hare- brained fellow — witless, wild, not wicked. No, now 1 was dying, I wonld not let jealousy blind me. ,1 would do him justice." , My mind wandered again. My mother waited for me, I most hurry home ; but I was bound by a chain, in outer dark ness, and I was going to die. There was no ..'Christian in all the land to succour me— I was forgotten and forsaken, left, in the pit — and I wonld unclasp my hands, and fall and die. No, I wonld call again once more. " Help ! ' . help t Mercy I help !" As my fainting voice died iD the dark depth, and quivered opto tbe glimmering sky, I felt hope die with it, and I gave np all thought- of life. I turned my eyes towards my grave below, and murmured with parched lips — " Ont of the. depths have I cried unto Thee, O Lord i" The little rill that had saved my life hitherto trickled on, and its silvery murmur, as it dropped on tbe rock below was the sole rsoiiiid that broke the deathly silence aronnd me. My prayer . was over, and I had not relinquished my bold. 1 was stronger than I deemed myself : I wonld cry out again, ".Help 1 help ! help j" I stopped.- I listened. A sonnd was floating' on the wind. Coming, going, joining -the drip, drip, drip of the rill- then dying, then returning. Listening witir my whole being, I recognised the sound- Bells— church bells— chimes ringing in the New Year. "Oh God, have mercy on me 1 have mercy- on me I" Bells ringing in the New Year— bells chiming in the ears of friends, telling of gladness end of hope — -bells clashing .in at merry' intervals, between music and laughter, loving greetings, kisses and joy. \- Wilbno one in -my Father s house take pity on me f Am I missed no wheke ; The bells -chime for feasting and glad ness ;-and I am here hanging betwen life akid 'death. The jaws of the grave are beneath me, my joints are broken— and the bells chime on. VTonld it' hot a good deed on this New Year's Bay to Bave .me,? Oleasters and revellers, hear tte.V " '. k'Help I help I It is Christqas- itifael . Help, ' for -Christ's rate, rood people F i.-The bells float nearer, \nd drownthe diipof thetridding water ; Vnd I: cry . " Help ! help !" saying, " Now will I call till X die." A film grevs over my eyes, but my voice is strongs id desperate, jmd . I ehont "Christmas the ! rfaConSty e. llpgwd CJmsti.-«f i" f'.A drtf»lighr--iBfla»h «« of fire! j i deemit de' h hw,' kaz'l r upwards, I see amid a glare of torches, faces — oh, they were angels to me ! — eager faces peering downwards. And close by me swings a torch, let down into the depths ; its light fails on my haggard -face — a great -shout rends . the night sky. " He is here I— he is safe ! — he lives f I cannot speak, thongh my lips move, and my hbart stands still as I see one, two, three daring men Bwing themselves over the abyss — miners used to danger — and in a . moment stout arms are aronnd me, and I am borne upwards, carried gently like a child, placed an instant on my feet, imd then laid doWD tenderly on tbe heath. I am so weary, and faint, and worn, that I lay with closed eyes, never striving to eay a word of thanks. "Go not bo near tbe brink, madam, I entreat !" I hear a voice cry sharply. Then I open my aching lids, and between me and the shaft there kneels a white figure ; between me and the sky there bends a white face, and tears fall down upon my brow fast and warm.- It was Florian. But even when she stole ha little hand into mine — mine so cramped and numbed that it gave no response to her tenderness — and even when she stooped and pressed her lips upon, my cheek, I could not breathe a word to thank ber. Yet Florian, dear wife, let me tell thee now, that from the depth of my happy heart there rose a. hyinb of joy, ahd 1 understood from that moment that thou wert mine, and I owed my life to thy lova Then thy sweet lips breathed wordB that fell upon my soul like manna — words of tenderness and pity that made the torture of those slow hours is the pit fade away, so mighty did this reward seem for my sufferings. I was carried to Trevesy, and as the meu bore me along, you walking by my Bide, I heard them tell tbe tale of my servant's fright when my hoise returned home alone, and how they came to your father for tidings of ma Then they whispered of tbe painful search through the day and night— the tracking of my horse's hoofs upon the snow, and the story of the scared peasant, who all night long had heard the cry of tortured ghosts issuing from the earth. And this story seized upon my Florian's heart with deadly fear, and turning bade npou the black moor, she tracked the hoof-marks, till they stopped npon the briok of the old, forgotten shaft, tbe shaft of the worked -ont mine, well named tbe Great Wheal Mercy. ' There was I found and saved by her I had loved so long. And, dearest, as I slowly came back to life on that New Year's morning, and faintly whispered to you of my long. love, my patient silence, my- pent-up sorrow, yon, in -yonr great pity, thinking of -my sufferings in tbe. Bhaft, poured out ail your maiden heart. And yonr loving words, my Florian, were sweeter to me than even the trickling spring had been in Great Wheal Mercy.. Because of my silence, my patient writing, my tender thought for my mother, yon loved me , better, you said. So in a month yon were my-wife, and this Christmas-tide I rat by a happy heart ; and looking down on the bright faces of wife and child, I thank God for that crowning mercy, thy love, dear one, which Baved me on New Year's Day from a dreadful death in the shaft of Great Wheal Mercy. Hark, dearest i the bells ring, ont for anether year as I write ; they chime their welcome from every steeple in the land,1 awkening ns to fresh hopes and labonrs. Sweetest wife, the year is done add, another round of time is born to " crown the earth with mercies." Kote. — The account of this eatlcman'M periiotte- hdventore and deliverance from the shaft into which he fell, is to be found In Borlase'e " History >r CornwelL" Hi« life waa eared, as xelated, itroogb bis bwo rd being cjuuhlin crevice of the ockj aides of the shaft. The occurrence took place n tbe pariah of Cooetanttne. ' - . 