Mhoalhiivcn Court of Petty Sessions. At tlio Shoalhavon Polico Court, on Thursday last,- before his Worship Mr. John Glanvillo, William Swan, who was chnrgod with having boon druiik and disorderly- at Terrara on tho ? l.'itliinst., ploadod guilty, lindwas finod 2s (id. — Fine paid.— Tho saino offondor was fined 10s for rosisting the npprohonding constablo.in tho execution ot his duty. , [Wo inadvertently omitted tho namo of Mr. Jnmos Thomson, J.P., from tlio list of tlio Magistrates who attended on tho 12th instant., Mr. Thomson having takon his seat on the Bonch boforo tlio businoss . closed.] Oil Monday, boforo Mr.- John Glanvillo J.P., Jamos Dovanoy ploadod guilty to boing drunk and disordorly at Nowra on Sunday, whilst 'service was boing hold in tho churchos and whilo tho pooplo woro dispersing from tho samo. 'Ho pleaded, guilty and was finod 5s.— Tlio samo offondor was chargod with Wiving mado uso ot obscono langungo, and tho cliargo having been proved on tlio 'ovidonco of Sorgoant Griovo, Dovanoy was fiiied os for that oll'onco. On Tuesday, boforo Afossrs. Bico, Brown, Frasor, Glanvillo, Monaghan, and M'Loan, Js.'P., W. Green was finod 5s for liaving mado uso of profane language atTorrrira. Pino paid. Tho samo offondor was cliargcd with haying made uso: of obscono - language : at T'orrura on Sunday, the 10th inst., noar tlio Wosloyan Chapol. Tho cliargo was proved by Constalilo Brayne, and ddfondant was finod 5s and costs. Pino paid. Phillip Danger was brought boforo tho Bench on two soparato chargos,— boing drunk and disordorly at .Terrara oil the 10tn, and making uso of obscene language at tho samo timo and placo ; and was fined 5s and costs for ouch offonco, in all. 17s 4d, which sum wus paid.— Goorgo Lamb,' Donis Murphy, Sydnoy C'oiin. Horbert Ilyam, Harry Branch, D. O'Koeto, and Chnrlos Duff, urchins, in ago ranging from sovon or eight to thirtoon or fourtodn years, pleaded not guilty to a charge proforrod against them by Constable Brayno, of riotous unci dis ordorly conduct at Terrara on the night of tlio 5th inst. — Constablo Brayno, in ovidenco, stated that ho had laid tho charge on information ho hnd received; ho had dolivered summonses to oach of them, and thoir plea for the disordor was that the ' actor ' had ioquostod them to lhakoa noiso so as to bring in tlio pooplo who woro outsido, and for that pnrposo had lot, tlio hoys into tho hall that might; Duff and O'ICoofo had inado tho samo statomdnt to liini, though ho had not soon them together, but milos apart. In this statemont Constable Brayno testified to the truth of their assertion, ns ho had observed Liuotonant ' Rose clap his. hands and lead tlio noiso. — Ilonry Georgo Brottoll, who was door-keepor for tho 'Lieu- tonantj' Tocognisod Conn, Lamb, nnd O'lvoefo, as somo of tho boys who had made a noiso. Ho did not know wliothor they had paid to go in, as Lieutenant Roso kopt tho door hiiusolf boforo lio camo ; tho boys woro whistling and clapping, and making a groat noiso; somo tliroo or four ladios.' -.who woro in tho biick seats, asked witness to gotthoboys to keep quiet, but thoy only gave back answers ; somo of them woro smoking, but as thoy hold their heads down ho could not see who smoked; thoy wore' making a noiso liko applauso, but continued it too long, aiid' during the ' ghost sceno,' when quietness should havo boon obsorvod, thoy refused to keop silont, though Lieutenant Rose, Mr. Morton, and othors, asked thom to keop order.— Charles Isaac Moss-Watson said ho was at the ontortainniont; ho could not recogmso any of tho dofoadants oxceptHerbert Hyam, who was pu tlio '-'stage with Lieutenant Rose ; ho was of opinion that the offonders woro moro men-grown than tho dofondnuts. Thoro was great disorder in tlio hall at. tho timo roforrod to by liim publicly, but he did not look round to soo who was thoro. A boy was brought boforo the Bench last Court day, but he could not recognise him ngnm if ho saw him. Ho complained of having beon subpoenaed, with all his men, in a case in which ho could givo no matonal ovidonco.— Sorgoant Griovo as officer in charge of the polico district, exprossdd his regret that if tlio conduct was what it was roputed to havo beon tho. attention of tho Polico was not culled to it. ' . : Tho Bench, through the Chairman, Mr. Bice, said tlioy would let thom off with an admoni tion on this occasion ns thoy hnd beon insighted to tho disordor by Lieut. Roso, otherwise they would havo sont each dofondant, proved to have beon guilty, to jail. That thoy word1 led 'on t-- oxcito.tho disordor this timo by Lioiit. Rose, would not condono for repetition of tho offenco in which case they would bo dealt with severely. —[A correspondent asks—*,. '—something rospooting what he denominates an ' olaborato puff 'in * * a local paper about an itonorating showman's ontortainmout (? p ?) — wo think and liopo, tho artiolo roferred to did not rofer to this, fugloinan who paid for his applause and for his ? -.' Ed.] : 