ODD NOTES. £7 A BOHEMIAN. ' T*« publio meeting at the Town Hall on Tuesday night, under the auspioos of the Grif . 'i flth Eeimbureompnt Fund Committee, was not • large one, although those present evidently tried hard to make np by enthusiasm what tr.'i'they laoked in numbers. It strikes me very ,, forcibly that this Beimbureement Fund Oom .. mittee have not taken that accurate measure of n: : Queensland publio opinion which was necessary J - ander the circumstances. We arc all very /' . patriotic in this colony, and our righteous ^1,. jindignation rises to fever host when we sec the i l l , colony beintr plundered by others in ono direc iin tion or another, and wo oursolves have to .1 ctand helplessly and hopelessly looking on . 'without the ohance of making a blessed . . cent out of the swindles going on all aronud, 111-by: how we may. This rouses the British J: Lion in the bosom of Quoonslanders sooner i" than anything else. And no wonder! What ' can bo more lacerating to the feelings of a w,! Melons patriot than to see others, strangers ;1.most likely, making rich pickings out of the • publio purse in apparently tlio most easy and simple ways imaginable, and growing disguBt ' ingly rich, while he, tho patriot, is not V'.onlyobliged to look on without even get 1 ..ting so much as tho ghost of a "slant" to make : anything, but is haonted with tho excruoiat : ' >ing ooaviotion that he will have to oontri bote his fall share of the spoils those othors """ are making in the shape of taxes. It is fiSliongh to route the indignation of any . ..rhonsst, upright, pereevering man who has tho 'i 'best interest of the colony (and his own) at :'' • heart. Even a strong auspioion that anything of ':; "the kind is being dono will at times be sufficient to lash us into fury. Bat—and here is the dis i tinguishing feature of our patriotism, which I i i .fearthe committee have missed—we never allow our pnblis spirit to hurry ns into'acts of ['■" prodigality and the lavish expenditure of , money ont of dor ownpooketi. Onr patriotism , ..is, as e rule, with fow exceptions, mora remark ■, able for its parsimony than its profuseness .. fa a financial point of view. In signing a " petition, cheering loudly at a publio meet . or denonnoing jobbery and corruption 1 from whioh others reap all the benefit, we . ..Queentlandera are equalled by fowandsarpossed *>y none; bat when it comes to backing up one's public spirit by private pooket-moDey—it ro qoiru t good deal of consideration. The noble, ! .disinterested spirit, of the thing is then in im .. (kinent danger of being destroyed by mercenary • motives. If the committee had said nothing 1 about the reimbursment fnnd to Griffith, the ' Town Hall would not havo held all the people who would have rushed to that mooting on •: .Tuesday night. You see, tho way wo Queens Under* look at it is thisIt is bad enough for ths,colony to be swindled out of money whioh we help tp contribute to the revenue, and when i ire have to pay more money in proof of our \- • disapproval of such practices—practically it is : 1 making bad worse, throwing good money after .j V bad; a* foolish a prooeodingas'ontering a civil action against a penniless defendant. i I am afraid that neither Palmer nor He I tatg6 will be game to publish tho corrcspon- : \- denoe, telegraphic and otherwise, whioh passed i between thorn during tho Mitchell eloction I % ' campaign. If they would do so I venturo to T My it would bo road with considerable interest. | : Palmer can say severe things, rather, when he j ■ lay* himself out purposely to, tho task, and Do :' 8atg6 has rather a rough sido to his tongna | when his monkoy is up. I have bourd hints ' that there wore somo rathor smart passagos at arms between thorn in tho way of "slang- i wanging" through the tolograph ovor that £6,000 to M'llwraith for the expenses of his wedding tour business. Palmer is said to .; ■ have wirod to De Satge, "I was inis )... taken in always enppesing you to ho a ■ ■■■' gentleman." De Satgi replied," Your manners " never led anyono to suppose for a moment that yon woro a gontleman "—or somo thing to that effect. I bolievo thoy " kept .ft' pot abilin" in tho nbovo stylo for leyeral days. I don't know how it ended, bat Issuppose thoy mndo up tho quarrel at last, or agreed to an armed neutrality, or.somothing ' of tho kind, for tho Inst I saw of Do Satgi in •theiWeetern papors ho was roportod to havo frankly withdrawn tho statement about tho 40,000, and said ho had evidently boon misin formed on the subject. X should love to see • tho oorroepondonoo ou both sides up to tho ' time when tho new membor fur tho Mitoholl reached .the point of oonviotion of his error. Depend upon it, tho quarrel eoone botweon Brutus and Cassiut would bo tamo and com* mon-plaoe in comparison to it. Bat the ohances are that it will be buried in oblivion or some other. out-of-the- way place if it has not already been done. I often foel a certain amount of sympathy for Ministers, and think they fairly earn their Borows by the time they recoive them, taking everything into account. It is quite true that the publio is a great gooso which can be pluoked by anybody who sets about it in the right way, and an enormous quantity of feathers can be taken away at every plucking, the unwiso bird smiling complacently all the time,'goose-fashion, under the conviotion that inestimable favours are being' conferred upon her by the operation. But it is equally true that this same publio gets into tantrums at times, and has fits of contankerousnesR which make it very bad for ministers of highly sensitive natures while the fit is on. At such times every thing ministers do and everything they do not do are seized npon with equal avidity as sub jects for condemnation'. Thero is that Central Railway incident, for instanco. A vory well bred, highly-conneoted, and good- looking gen tleman was pitchforkod over the heads of a crowd of old woll- qu&lified; civil servants into a posi tion of responsibility and trust which be was nob competent to fill. The only part of his duties which that interesting young gentleman thoroughly. understood was — drawing his salary, and that was a very good one, indeed, which was the main reason why he w.as- thore to draw it. Woll, in process of time, this gentleman's accounts would .not balance by a matter of £700 or so. The Minister at the head of his department, or the Ministry in Executive Council oassaiblod—it does not matter two straws which—came to tho very sensible conclusion, as I take it, that this young gentleman had better " slither " before worse eameof it. He slithered accordingly. But nobody suffered any injury by it, so far as I can learn. He might, per haps, go away in such 8 harry as to forget to pay some of his tradesmen's bills,buteven that is more than I can vouch for, and tho Ministry were so considerate that they did not so much as insist upon tho assuradco society making good the fidelity guarantee in which this man was bonnd, and to which he had contributed for & number of years. The whole disagreeable business was got rid of in the quietest and most merciful manner. But instead of the < Ministry .getting the credit they desorved for tho kindness ,and consideration they showed to this unfortunate gentleman, who oonld not make his money and his figures balance by £700, they are getting nothing but abuse. They would, no doubt, have boon abased just as vehemently if they had proseouted the man and brought him to disgrace and ruin. It is very hard, mind you, to be treated in this unreasonable manner. .If I were a Minister ef tho Crown and had to suffer such harsh criticism, I should almost be ready to declaro that I would noyer try to be good and kind and merciful agaiu. My old friend William Brookes has revived the idea of & Coffee Palace for . Brisbane. I don't know very muoh about these palaces from personal experience and observation. I cannot go so far us to say that I over saw one. But I have a second cousin whose mother's brother's son was kicked out of one of these palaces by a waiter not so vory long ago, because he went in with dirty boots on a wot cold day, and wiped bis nose with a coloured cotton pocket handkerchief, while vainly striving to get out-, side a cup of scalding hot coflfoo at the oristo cratio end of tho palaoe, to which he had wan der ed by mistake. It will bo gathered from tho above that my personal knowledge of Coffee Palaces is limited, and therefore ray opinion on tho subject must only bo taken for what it may bo worth. With this explanation and qualiiica tion, I hopo I am at liberty to say that I have a sort of presentiment that a ten thousand, pounder Coffee' Palace, such as Mr. Brookes proposes, is too good a thing for Brisbane at* tho present rime. The theory is beautiful, but in reducing that to practice there is a dangor of tbo arrangement getting incx fcriotbly mixed. Say, for instance, that a twenty-four feet frontage allotment wore pur chased on tho sito of the old Supromo Court and & coffee palace orootod thereon, with an ontrnnoo from Queen-streot for tho aristocracy, and an ontrauco from Burnett Luno for the dotnooracy, as proposed, tho 11 domes" simply wouldn't go round by Burnett Jjhiio to gain admission, hut would perversely iusiat upon going in at tbe Queon-Btreot front or not at all. If refused ho would studiously keop away, nnd tho thing would bo a failure, us far as ho was concorned ; nud if allowed to come in ul tho front entrance ho would I jostlo against tho aristocrats and they would kcop away, in which case the tiling would bo a failure, U3 far as they woro concerned. I fear that tho history of tho North Brisbane School of Arts would bo repeated in another form in this Coffeo Pataoo speculation, with np Govern ment grant to fall buck 'upon. U was a pleas irig fiction kept up for many yoarn that that Sohool of Arte was a groat boon to the iutelli gont and studiously inoliuod. labourers and artisans of tho metropolis and- the suburbs; but, as a simplo matter of fact, very few of them over belonged to it for any length of time. Thoy could not afford. to get themselves up sufficiently neas: and trim to visit tho reading room and feel comfortable among tho " swells ""who frequented the place, and when they wanted any particular new book from the library they had to wait until soma half dozen or half score 'influential members had done with it.' * The conse qnouco was that thoy cut the concern, and for many years past the institution bus ceased ; to be attractive to labourers aud- artisans. -If | this Coffee Palace is started the chances are that the tamo result will follow. If there area ; sufficient number of highly respectable middle | class peoplo to start it, and keep it going, the | thing will pay right enough, bat that is jast where my doubts come in. • , 