5ICTUEES IN PARLIAMENT VICTORY—MADDEN (PSOH OTJE MELB0B&KE; COKBESPOSDEKT ) Parhament has agam had a two days' sitting, but this week the Assembly got through a large quantity of work. In fact-tins House: is a glutton for .it ; it would appear as if members were eager to get through a lot of -practical work,- so as to clear the way for cabinet making and burning questions.. Of course that is only a surmise of mine, but it may be a fairly shrewd - one. . If the. Government are -pushed-on and forced to get* through/the seyeral pressmg: "practical questions of water supply, lialway communication, the land question, and a lot of matters of that kind, they will at the close be left with nothing to do, and then /will conic the opportunity of the gentlemen who deal m " burning questions. - But the Government are just as acute as the Opposition, and will take care to leave valuable " remanets." It is a queer game that's going.on; but, so far,, the Ministry hold the right and left bower and ace— not those mentioned by Mr M'Coll *The management opened on Tuesday • With -ia -splendid :attendaiiee, and the introductory piece, in 'which Mr ' Mason played the leading r61e, was Commodore : Wilson's: celebrated kidnapping: affair.: I :.„• fancy after all ihe jioisB- 'tiiat was-inade in this case, futuie commodores will studiously refram &onr; -doing anything: that is likely to offend colonial people andiegi^atures. . Mr Mason loves rnot the "Governorj and lias /no parfcieular affeetion /for the crusty old Tory who now rules at Govern- ment House He told the House that the Ckivenior had gaubbed the sdeputation who went over to present the July address —that over which ilieie was the great squabble—and that if lie could have got members to do .as Captain Cuttle advises, " stand /-by, " he would/ liave given -the Maiquis a Jloland for his Ohvei, The feet that the Marquis did not "hand ovei the papers, including of course that .fiery letter of the Commodoie in which he ihieatened not to allow a vessel id touch •at Melbourne -was a snub direct I was not at sill suiprised -to find Mr Quick L championing 31r iljason'E: views - and " standing ty" "but 1 wasactomshed that "Mr Fisher should " stand by"1lie Commodore-and the Governor. JTiemenSiei Mr Rsher as a "violent demagogue, "who denounced Sir William'Stawell siiid the And now hev is gradually The Consen-ative papers Slave" taken: to patting Jnm on.- d3ie baetj, and, whereas but a short xix months ago they made .sport, of .him, they now point him oht as a person who lias foresworn the -imcleaa thing, and who Bits clothed and in his right mind. Ah ! Mr Hsher, beware of the praises of the' Argos: Sir Jaaies M'Culloch - never • /recovered from themj and you jare not as great and able i rnrn as souL .. Mr "Fale, TAO dosed.upihe some what,purposelesB.(i!soU£Eion,:a3iadethe best pOmts of all -wheiL lie said'that Sir Jisher.had oompared J i3ie 'Commodore"to a pauper mnrderer for whofee defence the Sfete iad to Sad funds,' and "Siat instead: of placing'tiie funds of iiie State at his jJisposal, the Mimstry should have/iised them to procure able counsel-to defend the told Mr Commodore' "Wilson that he couldn't keep the linpenal ,ships: -froni Melbournej for if ho toed to we-could appealto the ImperialGA vernment through ins employer, Mr Childers,-oneeaijiem"bef; of our Assembly and a-TictonanMinister, now Jfirst Lord of the Admiralty. - That was a good close' to - the* -debate.' The ptecc de resistance •now came upon boards,: and the prolo^ne was spoken %v eaiaest-an^loud-voiced-Mr'Sijiamo, who went -for the Church of Rome, matan^ out, from their <jwa jouraais, that Catholic countries, -where / the • -education was in the hands of Uie clergy, were the most backward in education m the world, yet stating that if the"?Jlone man •sitting on tie Seven Jlilk" wanted an -asylum, he would procure him one at' Emerald EilL And then lie treated the Souse to a "ficreed" of Tam G'Shaater, ; to show that its ancluBion in ihe schools; demonstrated: them to be not ungodly. Not fewer , than eighteen- members spoke; on the subject on Tuesday night,-wMcSi'is; an extraordinary and anparalleied fact.' Mr M'Coll, who had prepared a speech' -that would take six hours to deliver, got it off m as many minutes, : -but >to balanbe: that, Mr Hiaurens, -who had 1 solemnly , pledged himself - only to epeak for -ten; minutes, ran on for fifteen, and 'would have taken up the time Mr M'Coll "had relinquished, had the /House 1 not threat-- ened and implored, and reminded him of! •his -vow. When Hie-member'for North' •Melbourne sat -dowxvhe lookedHke-aman who had made a great sacrifice foi con-: science sake,- an3 felt that virtue was itsown reward. • Mr M'Coll of ioursei couldn't get -away from - his hobby. He; said : Victoria would be - the -greatest country in the world if it had ihree tramp cards. -The H^ hearfily when he said free water was the right tower,' free education the left bower, and a free Parhamtent theace^; -which was certainly a curiimB' reversaU j © urang 'fee rafeling and- lively discussion^ Sir John O'ShaSiasssy did not forget to harass the friends of the Education Act— how triumphant and smiling Uie old - fox looked—by, the moment ^they'spoke of a God being-mentioned-m-the/books, interjecting, "which god.tLandiiis set several •of them in a rage, at -wMch -the old man chucHed. Mr^3afiy-was -ilie frankest of the CaUiohc. members,- stating that • the Commission could do no good to his persuasion. The/first, division of 58 to 17 was so lieavy for the Government because several membeis who* mshed-io stop the issue of the Commission: voted against "Ms: Erancis'samendment to refer tine mafeer to -a committee of ike -whole House. : .The second-division on.Mr- Ramsay's motion, which would Jiave mpped the Comirussion in the bud, was.47 to 2Y—20 majoniy, but to niymind it was- as jniEleadmgas the other. ,- And so after -a little cheering, the curtain was rung donor saifive minutes past twelve, and .members adjourned to Byron: m ,,his i'MS'ision" of Judgm^ni'' tells , us , thai , when Southey . opened his MSS.-.-and - began, L to ..read to- the I:court assembled at Heaven's Gate— ..•aSiesegraiidieroicsacted.'asaapelL;-: -'-,-«». •Whe angels stopped- their- ears»nd.Jh6d their pinions - The devik ran, howling, deafened down to hell, * -The ghosts _ fied gibbering=to'their own '/ / donmnons and by way of glaring an idea of . the peace that followed, lie writes: - - . - , •: All I saw further, m, the.la-st confosion, , .Was. ihai -Eiug George slipped into Eeav for one , And, when the tumult windled^ to a calinf This has often seemed - to me a good description of the House after a storm. Tor Sputhey, pntTjaurens^ for the angels, the reporters; for. the devils, the lads who take the copy to the offices, and*f</r the ghosts the whole show; and the comparison w complete. There was suqh a 'calm oh being empty, and the House nearly so Yet there was a great- deal of solid workdone The sum of ±,280 0t)0 was passed for expenditure.on the old railways, after members had striven to get as much as they could for their -consfituents.. Mr Longmore gave zest to the proceedings at: the start by a personal explanation, Tie cause the Age, in order to loll him, accused him of having become » Conservative., Mi Longmore said he ' had nofc pouring Mr G C. Levey and Mr Windsor, i hgiiiatps like,poison.: ; Poor Mr: 1/ongmore, not a word of what he said did the papers report not even the even-; ing journals.. Why had lie"not Gamison. with him, - and : they would order ihe reporters out I would not he surprised to see Mr Longmore do that But there are reporters ia the House as well as out qf It, and reports would be published just' the same "Start a nevr paper Mr Long-': more, that's my advice "Mr Madden "Babbit Madden" introduced the W< bill In a pompous inflated "hifalutin 1 speech that would have sent - members' into hysterics, but that his preternatural solemnity made them doubt whether they were not attending at the interment • of an : epimieni clergyman', and besides, they didn't like'to discourage the gushing.youth. "I would/the^ "" " had made thee poetical,"fsaid Totfchs' to Audrey; he need not have said thai to Mr Madden if heImew him Speaking or the mallee country, he got Into a fine : frenjj', mixmgthe metaphors delightfully ' It is, / he ened in Bjng XJambvses^veni, in that vast rnaevM solitude that the, rabbits JiaveL their home and "the wild -dogs their lairs Hence they is ue like' devastating armies to commit <lepreda tlona upon the smiling crops and the innocent lambs of the selectors ' freed l! mention the: sjieech further except -toisav; tliat, from Ihe inter ections, 1 think Mr Muamsis gomg tolead ihe non'-ahenatioii party After Mr Richardson Jiad moveS the ad ouurment of the land bill debate, the House got on ihe Chinese Bill, and Mes rs "Wnxon, Murray Siiiili and Cai- ter-stood up for Chmkee, and wanted to know Shy Jie .shouldn t vole Mr the comitv of n ituns the; ncicii^teii titled to Vo^suls oi the -jgliifiof v^ens SS''the aiigjit clo ed mthrthe ^ 4 some having e timate "" find ihe Houseadj th.n thtv dqne did more -n real rh. wo tin S weeks 