PAYING THE DOT BR. "All:my bills are' out at last, "with Drrildraught's compliments.".. TTe"'British houselholder has h]d my little account duly delivered,'and thinks to him 'self that my 'charge is ratheri high. Ne?ertheless' he is now writing m e's cheque,' 'I hope, to h en closed in a friendly letter, or delivered to ruo with a warm shake of the hand. ' S,In my:mind, of course, English society is divided into two great classes, registered medical practitioners and patients. Of patients, there are three orders: .thosewho can and do pay S;those who can and don't:. pay; ,those; who :can't, pay.;.: Of these ,classes: the second I is; large,; and the. third is enormous. ' Of the cost of. attendance upon it, one tenth part comes out of the pocket of-ratepayers, and .nine.tenths are paid; I, believe, 'by self and brothers.: After,: deduction of' this ,tax upon time, 'and substance,. gladly paid, and-of. inevitable busiisess expenses, Lam above the;markein estimating eighty. pounds a-year as the average profit of a "registered. medical practitioner.. , I' should like, the, world ,to know how many,pure ;physicians live in good houses and .make :a! prosperous show,. living upon their private substance tlrough:a fair half. of their lives, before they receive more thln, ten fees in a twelve= month: It would be well if a fewthousahd anxious general practitioners ?ere suddenly relie'vcd of the ,necessity, of -looking, prosperous; whatceer: be the :pinch they suffer. The.public has an icitinet that the doctor is incompetent who is not in request, or -what is; as bad-the doctors, suppose\ that the public has: an instincts of this' sort.: Fos my own part, I do not thinkit has.,.,I doubt muci whether any medical, man is thel better- though: of for a ,brougham that he cannot afford. . .. ;Nevertheless; while tho',faculty, as a whole, is starved, the public that .has. money pays too heavily for sickness .when it comes;.. Sickness comes5 also into a house much oftener: than. is right ind neces sary... Paying the, doctor is most truly, for many people, a too heavy part' of 'the, new year's iinancial settlement.' N;ow.I Ihavre a fancy that; the time is come' when we might begin to set the irhole business ,relation between doctor and patient upon a sew and .pleasant footing, to the. enrichment of theimedibal profession, to the great diminishing of sickress and sorrow, as well as to the relief of Paterfamnlias from all the horrors of a" heavy: doctor's bill at the cldse of domestic suffering. . I As I havre just been sending out my bl, includ ing aot a few fresh copies of old' accounts, , Alexis l'ildraught, speak, with.,a ,very, lively sen of the. uncomfortable working of the present syste. Hlre are a few hundred names upon my ledger, ames of people who are my friends who 'trust thei lives to me; they have- looked to me for human lp and solace .in their hours of suffering or penli for which reason I send in my bill. That poor. sensitive curate, Snorels, wh wife died when July, was. blossoming, and when sat upon one side of the bed,.I on'the other, will ioid me proudly if,.I put him, under, obligation b' not charging him for eight. months'. attendance "poa the lost mother of the little ones left to his clrge. But I am miserable at the sight of the bill in 'rich I have had to: reduco,myi.help and sympatlt to figures, and I have not yet dared to send it in. 9 There istto Anne Daugh a.bill delivered, severhen and sixpence.: Three years ago upon a winter nght, she worshipped me,. with gratitude, because atshe cost of a night's rest' and active personal attention in her cottage, I was so.happyas to save the slender thread of her child's lifefrom snapping. For a 4ek she would have given me all'she'possessed. Whin Christmas came I charged for the whole attenda?he on that little, patient seventeen, shillings and ik pence. The bill has remained three .years unpecl. I am an easy creditor, and she has always soue more pressisng claim ; but she associates my hip rendered to her that'night with the idea ofoseri teen and sixpence. I associate her. seventeen al sixpence.with, the idea of. thit human service ru dered. She is embarrassed whesn she meets me. are friends, with a vexations cloud between us. Sir John Dunderhead, rgse'.ume last year a gre deal,of itrouble:. When first he met me after I had received 'my Christmas bill, he contrivc coarsely to'remind me that:L:knew he had a pure My landlord has been, this year, among my patients my bill has suggested to him the impression that have a mind to give him a set-off against my rent I could seize the buttons of a dozen tradesmen who believe that'I had their bills against me in-miud when I made out the amount of mine to them Nobody likes paying the doctor. Sickness itself has very :likely made expenses :during the, past year unusually heavy or the, earnings light, and then comes at the year's end a doctor's bill as extra charge from: which itis but.natural that most people s'ould flinch.. Then, too, the. doctor's 'charges being beyond or; dinary housekeeping calculations, and coming usually from a gentleman who is not likelyto descend to tihe form of a dun, are often the last to, be paid. 'Very long credit, three and four years' credit is taken of me even by rich. and titled; patients. iBut.when Alexis Pildraught started in the world, he found:it hard to, live for the first few, years of, his professional life mainly on book debts. The .change .I have to, propose'isnothing very startling.,.It is only the practical encouragement of an idea frequently occurring to the minds'of many people.' Let a'consulting physicin' or surgeon'and the operator take. his fees,; but 'let 'us 'consider whether it be necessary or desirable that the general practitioner in medicine --the.family attendant' who is thefriend of ,the'house-.should: depend. 'for ;his income on the money. he canmake, of its misfortune. Let me look at home.-- The names of some three hundred friends who trust my skill are on'my books. When any one of them over my dinner-table wishes moe a:prosperous .and, happy year,- he wishes that some i of. my, tfriends, may :catch fevers -and small pores, that cansumptionmay show itself, rand .that there may be one .or- two, good lingering illnesses among the richer of them. "HBut suippose thit,poh iii understanding between me and my friends, eaeh 'of'them agreed to p'?y, according to his means;!his family,'and the average healthof it, a fixed annual sum of two, or three, or five, or ten pounds for, my services,- then,' without psessing hardly upon any one;:I"should have';an income probably a little sampler thani . have!nt present, and .to wish: me prosperity would be to wish that'thcre'mightbe the: least, possible illness among my, friends. Myh list of patients would:be,as a comfortable little rent-roll from which some nam?s vwould be .erased .from time to, time and to whichi constatish dditidns ;.aould I be:made. ,,My.Jprivate interest, as well .as my good will, would make'me active to prevent approach of sickness, or to meet it, when :it ,is:most easly subdued, at the first hour. of its appearannee ,At present5 sickness is icommonly. several days' march in advance.of the doctor, before hlie is called inito overtake and conquer it.'l Mater familias hais nggravated its too often with domestic' phiysiekingoutofherlaudableedesire to ravelithe household funds from galloping consumption .,.:. There could ,boh.no surer, blow dealt against qdsarkerplddmestic and, 'well meant or of the shop fraudulent-than to remove the fear of doctors' bills and all cheek on the ,,impulse to seek, in the first momdnii ~ of odubtb iabout health, competent'advice. Costly as quacLery s ite bait isclheapness; ';. ::a . Shieads of,tfamilies, 'unless 'they i havrc obtained special instructions for themselves, are constaitly in want of tsme imall'morselsof :the couinsel that! a well-educatcd pracsttitoner of medicine 'cdnigivre.' Scitece ist now' applied reto:tlie art" of rpiserving lhealth, and the business': iplations otwcdi doctbr nandptiet do not;yet'reeoegnse thought <fir the mainteriance ot health;any part at all-sdtillless' the chief part-of, the mIdicalp,.ra.titioser'-s::aial buini e;ss: soi ife But let;t himi be pafidby a fixed asnnal fee, and left unshled b te dresd of 'j pearing to btirudeiadvice ormedite e foe'tho' suke of his money it will be i mg, 1.3qd, ho'.wi1 E ~aiiealy full into his 'iight: plac 'as" m"'aiteiee.-df health. Sanitary scienerlbe wll hl ms~i 'profitable to him of all h tudies. He i ell bd''.itly.,alpsocriint of tie soiresof disease',rervy house under his care, and will a dvance 'Ilis ?rldly'i te'idtf his friends, and himself alikle, ?ybeb?si'asblbS ifit,'by' direct'.in forimition" ar.d ' sggetiOi2.' 'He willlike ndthing so mich?ias prompt summiiois; fuinhded iii the mesu suspicibn of approaching illneass; and whean illniess oales heiiwill be, if possible,'niore diligent than he is now in.his endeavour to subdue it quickly and dompletely: . The' plan I propose would serve ialso, in some de. grec, as a safeguard against unprincipled aid incom petenteinn who' hold diplomas. There.Will, always besop?se df this class. Now, they pour medicine into ti sick pnCtil te physio is- a' isuh more serious thing to retover rafir then the zn'e natunal is.* tlibsn:of the But if 'theti were no mnor than sab tled mct caImal fe 'orqoliej every iq necessary pill would bp do much cash otof 'jiocket. Tho'' wallowing of naiiseous and pernieiohs drugs,'for: the benefit bf arogne's Christmas bills, would beont an'i' ed. The prelnium would be, not upon over= dosing, but upon under-dosing, even amonlg thle most conpetent miien very often and amnong ignorant mon'alivays, thaut cai result only in improveniont of the patient's prospect of recovery. Any general adoption of the principle I aidvocate would also put an' end to many forms of profeisional jealousy, would raise the toie of the profession, give' it more dignity, and much greater facility for the performanceo of its duty to the public., Even the most hardened of is; if originally good for anything,' often feels a natiural reserve that restrains hims from giving theo iellp he' desires to offer, but migbht b?e thought to obtrude for a commercial reason of hisi own. The'bill is a ghost at a sick- bed, spectlated about'aiid dreaded by the friends of. the sick, and afterwards alwsaysto be associated with the serviceo 'rendered." Theo. feeosettled, irithout diny'relation to parlticilar' weeks "of suffering and' sorrow,; would ICeae'o tho the doctorI his - honest satisfiction, 'and to his friends their grateful rccollection'uhalloyed. ''Alexis ,Pildraught, speaking for himself alone, is very sure that a day inust come sooner orlateir, wihen the'diuty of maintaining health 'will ireceive such active attention that the ielatidn's between' medical meni and the public' must'be'placed upon soine such footing as 'thiis.' Once 'fairly smakse thse proposed change, aid every man his, withoutbiurden to his means, the full use of such nimedical knowledge as he msy think most trust worthyl. At present a household in full hellth, and with tllhupayiig'power at is highiest, pays isothing at all, and, owhen stricken most, pays most' heavily for aid of science. Who swould not rathler cominund with his doctor'foi tlihe' yearly payin'ciit o~6 an average on five or six years' bills, and have free use of him, than run whatever" change lsc'may'undei" the present systlem. * But wvht will sy brethren tell me cbout such an innovation ? Pecrhaps there' may be some who 'would expect to lose by it. I believe that it would be'their gAin. Nay, I mns notafraid to. suggest that it might double tshe wealth, is well as the .inluence of the profession. That is, no doubt, becuise I'an, like all schehiera very sanguine. 3Mofiey would flow to us from thedgrcat multitudle of the sound, iistead of being takeno only fromni the iousif sickness.. Healthy people; wrho but seldom inciur doctors' bills, would gladly join the clientsle of those to whom they should look for aid when, out of lihealth, aind would obtain a right to ask for useful .information, as well as an insur.ioee againlist doctiors' bills by pay ing a siall, yeairly fee. The : wider the aidoption of the principle,' the lower niight the fee be. Countrys doctors find it.wisorth their while, as matter of in comne, to give their serviees to sill the members of a 'club of mechSnids, paying ino more than foir. shill-' ings 'apieece to lirc the use of a doctor all the year round, and if all the people in the pliirisl in ands 'above that grade of life, came into soch a club, four shillings being paid of eaish for them, to. his, her, or its own particular sadviser, country doctors, as a body would assuredly be richer than they are,' encept.in very thinly- peopled districts, where either the doctor starves, or one or twoi rich land- owners will lay in physic by the haImper for the good of the profession. Bit' ?jy suggetioi does not contemplite a roughl conversion of the pliublic into a greatI national Sick Club, distributed according to the election of each, member amoing its doctori. sThere could be no uni form rate. Hlealthyi men should otr.harv to pay' for other meni's inherited diseases. Twesnty. par ticular considerations might go to the determination of the annusal fee p:id by eadcl individual, or houie hold, for inedical ildvice and aid. Even :u uon ao. arerage of past rears; ai fee could not beh settled without some reasonable forecast of the future. At' any time it would, of course, be open'to recuoisidera tion, sand, terminable at any moment, with loss of the current' year's fee, by the person who dissolved the coritract. Eov," if tlhe change I propoe. be desirable, the first step to it inmust be discussion. All that Alexis Pildraught here proposes is the oseasoiable exchange of a', little, discussion, amnong, all doctors. anud patients.whom these inatter may concern. :. 1Mr Walsh, of Balhlaiwho Ihas one of. the travterser in the late state trial in Dublin, is, it is stated, about:to start: for Australia. It seems tlhat MIrWalsh has long beei 'in delicate health, and his frienids iih 'dread bf his arrest when the. Coercion. Act becomes lawI, have prevailed upon him; to take; this atep, 