CHEWTON DRAMATIC CLUB. A house crowded to the door, and not enough seats to accommodate the public, was the state of the Oddfellow's Hall, Chewton, last night, when the Dramatic club made their first appear- ance. Prior to the drama there was a concert, that came pleasantly off. It was opened by an overture by the band, under Mr Goode, who afterwards formed themselves into an orchestra. In the absence of Mr Patterson the chair was taken by the Mayor, who briefly gave a sketch of the purpose of the club, which would be mainly to aid the charities. The first song was rendered by Miss. Odgers, a young lady who re1 cently. appeared in the Mechanics' Institute, and acqbilted herself in a creditable manner. She was equally successful last night in her seleetiriri of- a Joyous Life. MiaS Shields, a young lady of ihusical Voioe, sang pleasantly Bright Eyes at «'®(i Wiriddw, and atiother youtig lady, Miss Harvey, kith a blear voice, though rather metal- lie, sang Hearts and Homes. Mrs . Trevascua eho'ee.th'at well-known favourite, Love'a Request; for which she was warmly applauded. The only two gentlemen vocalists were Mr Thorburh; who was excellent as he always is, and Mr Jones, who amused the audience with a comio song The music was varied by a recitation by Mr Car barns, who gave The Raven, which was not a very happy selection, as the poem' is nht well understood by the majority. The wild, weird creation of Poe has likewise found so many high class dramatists to interpret it, that any ami tour ts at a disadvantage in choosing it. Before the drama commenced, Mr Lamb, the sta"e manager, stepped in front and explained how the olub had originated - obt of _a conversation be tween young and old residents, the latter of whom had been connected with a dramatic club in years gone by; If the newly formed society gbt encouragement ; such as they had a' good ear-'' nest of by the house that badn t.ham ;the performances would be continued. He was, applauded for this conveyance of oonGdenco. The side scenes were, newly" papered;' and the scenery tou'ehed up. 'The drama b'ore" the for- imidable appellation of the " Sevon clerks or the threo thieves and the denouncer." ! j JiJRti0' . the pieoa is founded upon :ah old midbr, who entrusts his bags of gold to clerks, nut under their eharge the gold :disapbars, and they are in turn denounced as .robbers and hung. A romantic, rioh young -man, Adolpho, meets the miser's daughter at :a ?2!?9uSra.40Ib,aV.iiR fel1 in lve with hor, ana witnouc knowing hor iiarab, piirauea hor snaaow to Marseilles. Ho diaoovors her when about to be stoned to death by an infuriated mob and at his own peril rescues her. She per- sbrtdes liim to enter her fathot's service rts a clerk, and as under his care a bag of gold was lost the first riight of his watch his fate too was to be sealed, but he was saved by the daughter. There is a oo'uBterpIot of thieves breaking into ;tlio house, and detootod before effecting a rob- -Kavn nnrl (lain is im»i . xa ouaiueiy over nil mo oia misor ;is aeon walking in his sleep, and removing tho jgold and burying it. This discovery frees Adolphe froni being Suspended , for an inbon- voniont period by the neck. Tho plot is an ah- surd one, as tlio miser who consigns his treasuro to tho clerk carries away tho key, sleeps with it under his pillow, yet blames others who have not the key for abstracting the gold. Howevor there is a good deal of melodrama and comicality in tho play that is well suited for amateurs. The following is the caste :— Claude Dsrnaud, the Denouncer, Mr J. W. Sparks ; Simon Sig. g.',h,la srvat' Mr H- Trevaeous: Count m la i' j Carbarns ; Gustavus, his friend, Mr Shields ; Oaroae, a inerbllaht, Mr H. Coy Pierre and Antoino, officers of the polico. Mr T Tomplotoh and Mr T. Cooke ; Mvtihedr FThhrf Haaghat, a Dutohmaii, Mr j. F; Sturken; Sig ner Mattio Maglio, an Italian, Air T. O'Donohoo; Jhn Brown, an Englishman, Mr Dolphin Violonne, Darhaud's daughter, a lady amateur. L he parts were taken in a manner to please an indulgent audience, but seeing tho members of j i j aPP0,are for 'he first time on any sta«o, and had small opportunity of acquiring an idoa of stage business, they were naturally ama teurish. Thoy did not oven as a whole reach the Btandard of good amateurs, and if they had done so, they would havo surpassed oxpeotation Mr bparks as Claude Darnaud was well got ud and played the sordid, quiet part of the miser respootably, but when ho reached the sensa- tional, when lie piotured the ghosts of his mur- derod victims, he was too tamo. Mr Carbarns as Count Adolpho showed some good points- the ,lih,0aTf(,lhe,r?Ugh dianA wanting the it Ihn'miWh ? ifre ,8;good material, ahd if tho members apply themBolvos to the study of oharacter, they will no doubt in time be able to make effective representations 