gjiuituur. ADAM HIMSELF SPEAKING. BY MAX ADLKB. I "i vadb up my mind." ea»<t the rf porter, " ihat if the ghost ever appeared in my bed.rootn again I would overcome my fwir* an<i speak to it, io*tead of bury* ing my head undor the coveni, aa I did the firdt time. Well, sir, sure enough, the next nigbt. exactly at eleven, I heard * faint noise by the bed, and I looted around. Thero eat the fpe.Hro in th-i chair, I eat right up and e*id, with tome flrmnoM, although mv voice trembled: «* Wlio are you I" " I am nobody in partiaular now," said the choat,««bn»-1 ww Adam." .'Adam whoP" " Had no family ntroo. There wu bat one family of n»i and they all knew me. I was (he first man, yon know. Ton moat havo heard of me." " Yea, indeed," ease the reporter. "I'm sorry I cant shake hands," said the ghost, " but you might aa well try to shake hands with a fo# hank M with me, It'a not sociable, I know, bm I can't help it." " Ob, never mind," eaid the reporter j " I'm glad to see yon, all the earae." " Tour name ia Johnson, ain't it ?" aaked the apcotro. " No, my name ia Jaokaon," replied the rtporUr. " rabaw I" said tbe gboit. «' I was look ing lor a man named Johnsonj bat my eyesight ia ao bad that I couldn't read your door-plate diaiiooily. Tbe worat of it, too, I can't wear apeotaoloa; nothing ia «nb> atantial enough to bitch thorn to, I wiab some of yoa psopie would invent an eyeglaaa that oan be worn by naanighled ghoata. Yon would oonfer a genoine benefaction on ibe folks in tbe other world." " What waa yonr bneineaa wilb Jobnson? Perhaps I can-" " Well, iq tb» fink plaofl, I ooderaiand that be ia one oil a committee appointed to get up A slatpe of me ia tbe Oity of Eimira. I have bwn in to aee that atatno, and I want to aak Johnson where he got tho idea that I a«edto«d4ra straw bat and whiakors. 1 want to know, alao, what authority he has (or giving me a Raman now." " Hadn't yoa one of that kind f" "Why, man, the Romans hadn't intrj dnqed that variety of nose in my timet And Johnaton baa bad me represented with alioge serpent lying at my feat. Now, what waa tbe nse of bringing np painful rewiai soenoes of that kindf Why not let alio matter drop f Hanged if I like it 1" " Iv'a an oatrago I7' "Uetween otuaaWea," aaid the apaaUe, looking his misty fingers over bis knee,111 don't think maoh of tbe aUtae buaineta Anyhow. Do yna know what they did 7 Too .ling? to make A freah pieoe ot aoulptnra oat of A /rash pieee ol marble, tbay bon^ht tip n leoond hand statue of Banjamin Fr&akhu; al anotion and hiiod A man to woik it over into tne. Doesn't look A partiolo lika ma. And, anyhow, Ptatiklin was no kind ol & man to tnaka no oat of. Greeubaokor or soiaothiag, .W«ao\t,b« t" " We ooneider bint quite rfispoolablo." "Another thiog I wunt with Johnson ia to ace i( I ean't make arraoKetuentti with soma reliable SpiiimaUatio mediam, I've been crowded ont in tbe oaid for about 4000 ys&rd;, with no ohAnoe to partioipate io anything. NoWi I'm tbe mAn that started this world. I gave it A send-off, And it really doea ocom bard that I oan't even exprosi my viawa in a newspaper, or defend myaolf from thi» oalommy, joat baoauae I happen to bo daod ; now. doesn't itt" "Very hard, bnt we didn't think you took .nj interest in iaab things." "Certainly. I often foil as if I'd liko to oipresi an opinion about the tariff, or the elections, or the buzsard dollar, or popular education, or something of that kind; and then, of course, Eve wants to heir every thing about the fashions. I wish there was some way for a ghost to s*vo a httlo money, BO tbat I'd sabscriU to a. fuahton j; nraal ot two Juat to quiet her. Do sou know of anything I could got atP" " How would it do-to make an engage* roent at the theatre to appear AS tbo ghost of Hamlet's father or the ghoat of Oanquo f" "It doesn'tstrike me very favourably, ft might bo considered rather undignified in the father of a race to bo hanging around among eoene*sbifters and fiddler. Beside, they nave -too mnoh light ou I ha stage for me; 1 can't get into ahapa uulcsa there is absolute darkeeea. And thou, yon know, I'd be exposed to insult. Yfiim wo bear a cook orow we aro obliged to flit Now, .aappose, right in tbe middle of . performance, tome miserable boy should orow. ISven if I knew it was a false alarm I would bo so unnerved that I couldn't go od, bnt most likely I'd vanish as soon as 1 heard it joat from force of habit. No, thu proposition doesn't strike me. Seeiaa un fair, though, doesn't it, that a man who owned the entiro earth can't call a dollar his own V " It a small loan will be of Any servico to yon, I will gladly-*'' mid the reporter. m You're mighty kind j but herd, you s«e, we- encounter another difficulty. Where'm l going to pat a dollar when I get -itP I haven't a pocket about me that'll hold a ccnt. Young man, a ghoat baa no chance at all. Keep oat of th^ business as long on you can." The reporter said he should. ^ And now I really moat be going. The .an rises so disgustingly early at this time of year. I think I shall go around to* morrow night and hannt Johnson, if I a&u; find him. If yoa should happen to eeo him I wish you'd mention it to him, to a« to prepare bis mind. People are always ecary at first with us, Perfeot nonsense, tool Fat your hand out and feel mo. Don't yoa seep yoa can stir oil around inside of me, jnat as if I wasn't there." " Wonderful," eaid the reporter, " very wonderful. I never believed in ghosts before, The oddest thing is that yon, who lived so long, shonld take an interest in modem politics.'* " Bnt I do, though," said the spectre. " Perhaps yoa will be willing to tell me if you are in favour of Hancock or Gar-" Just at tbis junotnre, tbe reporter said, a cook crew in the "vard below, and the ghoat of Adam suddenly vanished. It was moat nnfortunato, too, for his political opinions w&uld; have been interesting. 