CLARE'S CHRISTMAS EVE. [By the Author of " The Explorers and other Poeins.'' CHAPTER HI. MBS. J0SSPH. There is not the least doabt that Dolly literally observed the golden rale of doing to others as she would be done by in undertaking the responsible duty of chaperoning' her elder sister. Even after luncheon she declined to accompany the lovers in a short stroll round the grounds prior to Harleigh's return -to town. " I have so many things to do," she said, with superb gravity. And indeed there was more troth in the assertion than resides in most excuses, for Dolly was deep in the delightful mysteries of unpacking Clare's goods and chattels. That is, she sat in an easy-chair, and watched Clare's deft-handed maid as she unlocked trunks, unfolded parcels, shook dresses, and tenderly - opened bonnet" ~ From depths of the unfathomable tbe girl ~ and then brought up packages addressed 30 Dolly herself—wedding presents from friends and relatives in BnglantL As -these variously-shaped, w«ll-muffled gifts "appeared there woald be a subdued " Oh!" of delight from Dolly, then tbe'shup sound of F scissors catting strings, -the harsh aound of brawn, and the soft rustle of tissue paper, 1 lo! 4he hidden treasure lay fall to view,. Dolly "was just in the act of unpacking, twolittle vasea of Meissen porceiun, with ;flower wreaths so wonderfully soft,", glowing, pure, th&t;'she was lost .in raptarous a3mii*tidn t -whea she heard the soand «f ,approaohing footstepa and tbe frou- frou of rustllng sUk, followed -by a- low top at the half voice said. " Axe yon here, Dolly ?* ~ Oh, Helena!" said Dolly, with an awful sinking at the heart, though dutwardly.she wascomposed enough as she went forwaid ^o " ber sister—a handsome, elegantly woman, who looked rband enquiringly. ""Where is Olare? Is she well P* . " Oh, yea, she has just gone oat for-a little stroll," answered Dolly, motioning the girl to leave tbexoOm. " And just Taney, Helena, sh is engaged—at least not engaged, you know; but Mr. Roxburghe came to apeak to papa,~*n ~ of course he wasn't in; he won't be back." to-morrow evening." . Dolly was prepared to see her sister pleased, to hear her utter sharp words of disapproval; bat she was not prepared to see her stand speechless, the coloor retreating from her cheeks, and an expression of positive alarm in her face. "Perhaps she thinks he is a banjo-man, who blackens'his face and sings 'On de ole Kentucky shore,'" thought Dolly, and charitably hastened to explain. Of coarse he is qaite a. gentleman, although I suppose not very richt, being a clergyman." " A- clergyman," repeated Mrs. Hartingdale, mechanically. She sat on a chair that stood near, and looked straight before her fo> some minutes without farther speech. Dolly wss mystified. She knew'tfaat it w» wholly dae to Helena that Clare had returned so soon; that she had with feverish eagerness sered'ton "their mother's'illness, which had in reality^ beenneither serious nor protracted, and cunbingl^ Tued lt to secure bet object witli half- expressed fears and-insinuations, fihe^ also knew- dimly, in tbe way that we divine so rziany things^hi' are neither written nor spoken, that Hel" was extremely anxioas to bring aboai a riege between Olare and Victor Maylands—<0 knit np'the ravelled" threads 'which Clare had so-radely and suddenly snapped. Bat, after all,, -why make it a matter of sach intense Importance ; whoever married of was not given in marriage ooold make but llttle difference to Helena. She at least had married a man who' ocrold clothe her in purple velvet and costly lacb, and give solemn dinner parties,- to which neither a Sbakspeare nor an archangel would be bidden if he had not a large balance at - some well established Bank. Clare could not mar or increase that splendid fortune, and as long as : Mrs. Joseph was secure in its possession nothing: sorely could work her fatal woe. Yet, why did she sit there pale and silent, so utterly unlike her usual imperious, successful, and indomitable self ? 1 Where is Olare now P n she said, suddenly breaking the curious silence that had fallen on< her. " She went ont for a little walk with Mr. Boxburghe. I think she wanted to show him the shortest cat to tbe Vermont Station." Thislast was a brilliant suggestion that flashed into- Dolly's mind as she was talking. " How long was he here ?" " Oh, a couple of hours. He t-syed to luncheonwith ns." "But what right bad he to come in at all till' he had seen papa?" said Mrs. Hartingdale, with a sharp inflection of rage in her voice. " What! jastaak for papa and then walk away without seeing Clare ?" said Dolly, with wide opened eyes. "Certainly, that's what be ought to have dona. Bat these penniless adventurers are all alike—once let them oome across some foolish girl who has the prospect of a fortune." " Foolish! Do yoa call Olare foolish ?" said- Dolly solemnly. " Well, if die isn't, you'll certainly make up for both," saidt he inoensed woman, suddenly turning on the victim nearest at hand. u Yoa know very well how impossible it is that Glare should be allowed to cany on in this disreputable manner— getting engaged on board-a mail steamer to a man ahe knew only for a few weeks." Numerous retorts rose to Dolly's lip*, bnt tho traditional habit of submission got the better of ber as she marked the an usual tokens of excitement displayed by Mrs. Joseph, who very seldom showed so much temper. She could be unt, and essentially tuweracions .when it suited C ; she would say mercilessly unkiad things, bnt in a dispassionate, calmly judicial kind of way, ^bich was far more un9n?wei*b]$ 9 ^sermtiog than the hot unreasonable words to •rhich we had jut given utterance. "AdraMitd KvewCre more disreputable still i—theyonly knew wdi other for a few hours to- • lonely garden when -tky got engaged; bat there'* do use in making Helen* unbearably cross by speaking of,G«inefi*—she's bad«nough as it is," thought Pol}y7a^telookea <ml»t the window and' kept- Imwoe'like aaiplomat. u Glare, iacomlbghac)^' ahejswd, pteaenUy iurning alif to leavethe room. Mr*. Hartiugdale gayc a, awift glance, and aw thitsomemoments maunt elapsebefero D*e with the alowmecU-. ">er tirimgb tbi^glintiqg^ mtrees, the branching tolans^afeacrude mbtake. ^Whatever wasto be gained £y crafty and patience, and careful ^Iwimnlriaoh, Bot£iDg c^# w MtueTM by «udUan3bubnink^i^or .... "Stop. Dolly, I haTOaomathing to toyoU. Ofoo^jaa,cw.«w7rfiida«t(od fiwtiljwl "Very tDdc&annoyed;'at~Olure*b treatment*)! poor "Victor. Bat, Buppoae .it la iettertotto say muchtolierabout the matter just t£>p> Indeed, Ismail aaynothlng atall; -tnd yqu^yon need aa^riotbjng either."^ "I jttofc in Jtofc habU oT^^ingWee, 1 ' returned Dolly, with a good dealof dignity,^ Dmfng the jEMtjug a^d egBKm^nt wjth "X suppose Dolly-has fccWyqUi* saidOIare ioftly,aswift deep fluih rising on her. faoer«iter J he first greetings were over. " Yes; it appearsihat you "have become very inendljr with one of your fellow-passengers.", . ("It most be vcty hardto'smile and speak gently when you want- to -swear. out - loud,® thought Dolly, as. she -watched her eldest roster.) "lam sorry HarKfgh'*i»t a^ybeforfs you •came, but 3 vnppoM f yq«3nriU^Me Mm aoau." "HarteftM? K^xfetedllnr. Bartingdale to iereelf »i«i a^p^naJe«a,.tio»eveej she said •with alMfliaaiqnMatn saw.» »-iii" .:..:•..>6 mil " OfMtawe Ima$*D^i>fiheg*anSae(Sretto •the farUfti-aod. •aothfar.^ We a*e ^going-io drive «a far ttlUHwA* tfcittftcct-^ooh,'-stall as'they «ipect"*o 5«t*y fchafet&-n5gt. < jjWiI meetithem." " Wfaatofe Wheife la^tlaH"' aakedOlak). " Ofi^fibtfeot that'll flfMbbught since'yoa «ent tt t»a Witifallit^efcroperty Gartugdue purchased a-yearfcgo. It iatweoty anilee Hiufc of town,' between - this arid MotuS £egard. -EartHigdsJefegfclng there on barinebs, and I fcto"gding with' 13m< for a fewdays. X Slave Obttfeeeii ^H/ji WfcHtfMate, m> perfceps a utaeasi^irm^ye^obar t- >vfibeten when «he is i£ T £roeft stffc^MgiycifttiefiBh," bought 3 Dolly^"Sfe^eror thtragBtof going to'WiabQob till s^iMnr abimt l^ai^ disreputable bouquet do^9ard« tnkSl 1 wonlet theii^A^.'). *• ^ • — r ly ia rahidiBi a^xmfby tfustifte," • reeaifeetiift Oat dit waa an tcFaet him 1 returtiM^fas. Joseph. »? ||4p- Aftajjaloog de^^vy ^ ^ aoi^, t Ibi. Jpffph. coll kmtu^UM "*a»eta ^hfase«„ Jon tx to yoa,,&leaa;, Xfugr |t» jt vip n^eat'lcind.- I beliweMnt a^ to^^ x.ll^^lnceiaie to tiuun ao you m^ jmagne, Imw ^reigb^d. on my mini, , - teppe^ to them. ril^oi»d.«ft ti)em now.' mwkwwd.. pause wnlohr ocqoc betweep^^opeo|)le.|rTwiu»Mth- epnai3(wt^t one of, ^bem baa >^ad|iing * pwrfi.. ®hian, Helena said, "I aoppoae Hr.—what - did. you. «ay hia name ia?—Or, Jtoxhnr^he, J sjippbae lie wiij odme here to-morrow Again ?' , \- Yes;; -lis will he bere: about 4," ^unrned Dolly cheer&illy.; " We aent a telegram io japa yerterday evening, after Olare came, and we had a reply this morning to say that^fchey would be borne to-morrow at 12. I suppoie your meeting them at Wacdoo will not delay ihem?" . " No ; not that I am aware of?' Dally wondered whether Mrs. Joseph was not getting nore reoonoiledto the Dbooxiousstranger, and said by way of » feeler, "Jt would not do >to keep them longer In soipcmsa. I am sure they are both 4e*perately in loVe^" M In-iove" repeated a stta^B.^Uirkehmg that ccEmumwI the ar£faipol|y no chinge would 'lightly' ftfee place in Heleiuik's Vpuiion .of tlie j •otter tolly—-to call it by no worse namemtf ^rhich' Olare -wis guiltor in finally rejecting Tictor-'JUytenaa fer ^tbe bake tif a UndWa •«trangfer. in" Jtiu^.'nnder. eircam^i^t far l^,e«ipMnal Vtan' iJieie. few thingat-^oc^d rouse HxL^Qartiiigdaie'A ire more completely relatives xm iiia twentyyiourth degree o{ cbuaioT -ehip even 'tkat was -at different matter.' That fM aeoferti by bonSs, tnsde fast by cuitom,' ^ •eion aiA ^ai^Brow im poises. .'Buti great J <jtrimeviJ-'loM of aoan ifetoan,^ tnaid for 1 6«r chMn^vncr-tiie lore far which eo vftpty have niertf^'^Wtie&s; of their IiV^, the lSoarjof; flidr ba^ta, toir wjh£h7«?# •ana wwutb ciluxnrioos,^ ease Jwe uao,. often bete^otst aaMa iikeraofaild^izt.or the . -cap and Wis of a fwi—;this «h6 held to feie adan- ' ^erous; W^t imf ^ihiA^ioA, too Woe and : : .*inruly' VKspeeta^e^ Jdomutie life*. Sueh' i fiaaaioi) w*s^«c0ve&r; jjhe atoge, for ballada, • -and roaten tiBrw; but to be,-as £g as possible, quelled 4hd repre«ea In ^very well-regulated jioiiaeb|iIa-^to be, S ; zieed : were^ stamped oat fcy inetptiSde^a^abtlike meaisaEM,. like email-: Therefeadlieenaft&baae; cn iter life afewyrtffp ago when She herteSf toa beenVell-nighayicfim to the d^NoUifnalady. Sh'eAnulthen a girl of ^dnfrteen, bD^andaoco»[dUhe2,.with somefacqity lor dismtsrakted admiration and Gtfui stirrings t/S enthosiagiD, which - a' xigotous course Alamimm: frorfhip had since Wholly !Thereh^be«h poeMbditieB latent in her ciuU , meter whic^1 might; have matured.into a nkture . •the very reverse of that which now eharacteEizBd her. In the' eyes of John Hamilton she was five yean, ago the' incarnation (S all^womaaly grace, besn^r, and fenderhem: He was a distant connection on the fatSteft Bide — a young «ubaltern, on leave from his regiment inThcfia.' In his sight no wandering isles of night dashed the light of her pure womanhood? he- wa» blinded to the calculating worldly aide "of her nature; he saw not that tihejrasjffone to weigh -conflicting interests, and deoxcte tor the greater advnnteges ^wfth judicudia^artiatity, to fight «hy or mf-abn^atibn in 'any form, and to aKwaise it a luxury, the •ease an$:$£pjence, irliitih .were her birti^ight , i.crucial tist tttme ^hjae won the ^jio other unm^ had ever lield so „ ld ^ ^ heart atid imagination. JlfaJkea «Mil rode,^ laughed and Tead HA hid been inlier dreams whSPrthe swi whs : high in &e; , A roses ot toimer wereflamhig titudes that no inan booLd numker, len into loqg happy reveries' of him. j handsome ftoe, his fnnk langl^ the of his hand at. jniiting, his radiant they.met^all these tiiings she j and read th^r meaning aright. But ttotagli they were pleasant to her, she never in her ltt£et of hearts deceived herself into the •belief that for her plans of life love and a limited income would suffice. These might be good in fheir own way, bat they were not •enough. When the young officer had gone back to -India with this as bis final answer, a dull •apathy, almost amounting to despair, had for it \--season-taken possession of Helena Butherford. Jt seemed to her during that period as *thoufth by . her own deed die had turned the .goodly: and desirable things of life into cruel ehards-tbat strewed the toad she most follow, -maiming her feet hprribly; that she had tamed the past jnto a ruthless hunter following hard -on her trail to still her very heart-throbs. Bat •she outlived this in a comparatively short time. She di^ not voluntarily dwell on the episode at -any time, DOT harbour any sentimental regrets. •She was; If the truth is told, rather ashamed •that she jud bean betrayed into such a weakness —in lotevith a man who had bat three hundred -a year. The bare mention of these figures was enough to frighten away the larking remnants -of the-first and •only dream of love in whioh she bad indulged. Two years afterwards Wiftw Rutherford married lir. Joseph fiartingdale. He waa red in the face, very stout, very middleaged, and vulgar. But he was considered one of 'the wealthiest men in the colony. He had recently some to Booth Australia to take poe- •eessioB of the hoards of wealth whioh had been bequeathed to him by an older brother—an tirniMiirf man, who bad denied all the -liixurifes and some of the necessaries of life while he added flock to flock,and bought op a fabulous number of shares in copper mines which at that time were regarded as little less safe than the "three per cent*. Even Mr. Rutherford, who probably tindentood the bent of his daughter's mind better than any one else, and largely sympathized morithe'allght with her, waa alight!; acquaintance startled she when accepted after a three %er amomsLDtie -«uitor. Mrs. Rutherford, who vm more-or leas Windeii by thftfc m&teriuLL; love * b ii «p| to taro s common grey goose into ». swan at dnofing whiteness, was utterly dismayed to &nd; that her elegant", accomplished, and very haadsome daughter was in her twentyfirst year prepared to marry a man who, to use Clare's expression, would ' keep her " picking ap his h't all her life," and who had scarcely an idea in his head beyond the value of money, the best way of increasing ft, and of his own importune iii possessing so {nucrf Wealth. " But, Helena^myJJear, are.-^-OU' sure you love him well enon^if" Mrs. Butherford had said, looking. with tender .anxiety into her daughter's face. "« Certainly, Mamma," Helena hatl answered without hesitation. Privately she thought her mother was 'very unpractical to. ask a question which might lure been both' disturbmg and awkward. But ih l this inattdr shViifas"neither ialf- hearted nor vacillating. Whett-she aaid that she loved her future husband - sitell-eilibagh she meant that, in consideration^-being a leader of fashion, af having a splendid noose, rare winds, a retinue <S servants, an unexceptionable equipage; and unlimited greases from Worth, ane iwss resolved tolerate bis society and jnakp the best of hia offences against grammar and good breeding. Axtd^ahe .did this, iut in the prooess hgr. .whole epiritoal nature was -deadened, her miad was vulgarized, and all her. aim-in life was to keep an unfaltering, Increasing hold of the poesesaiona and privileges tor Which she had given herself for better fcr jrorse. , Aad for a timeshe enjoyed without a fear or a 5f»e the state and bttwtafurop mwuificence , w}th whieh het husband, gdfftfpltded fer. Bat Suddenly, in ihe mtdst of lier tritrmphint faplendoni^ when-her feast -of life was most unstinted and gacgeoua, she saw as it weraa^finger on tiie iwsall':^writing, wprds which Uancl^d,her face and smote terror, to her heart. - It came upon her jrith such overwhelming suddenhess-rthis discovery that' not. only a large portion of Tier husband's -money,' but nearly ali Yictor Uayland!s ' fdrtone, was invested in a oopper mine thatfhad suddenly stopped payment. . And two dBysafjberJtfrs; Qartjrigdale piadethis bewildering discqpey Victor tfayiands announced his intention qi joining ia cousin of bii own in New Zealand.' " fie h^s'tWo immense sheep stations, and Jbeitfjurt fibw veiychovt of capital; -bo he bftezp to take-de'-as partner^n most 'liberal •tirms.-j: Yonlmowlfajicy- that,after all is said • ab'diione, it'e ietter, to have ,-one's -money in- ' vested in that way. I always, thought it was a * ius fad .of my-.father's torealize on his pro* \- as ' he 'did, ahd. entrust lt .'to you on my in hard cash till I sitSfiDed my twenty- Tear. !-Not bat- what you have always ~ it ioi very .good effeot^-much better, Aan .most truatoeiE. : do.? Mr. ;e- murmured something',, about ip* and. then with a face haggard with misery" he ,t61d hii wife'of this new fnis^ fortune.' Far -into the night ' Helena/ aat with her (husband tia- he- balaocisd -'accounts, valued property, and calculated-- what their position! would be if the money held in trust for | Victor- Maylands 'must how be re- It .V^b; in<zedible, -'it was appalling. was the approximate sttieof affaire. Of 5400,000 inve8ted"in ~£he ?mhe, £180,000 iged to Victoi; Msylaods. In the then of the market ioVonly ; shares far par, bnVihere was nb "poesbili^' of realir ^dhglon them, even at a tttinonailpas.. If the mtn steadily decreased -inurai'ue—but-this wBa5g©ncy &r;, H^rtiDgdale^ecIjned to face. **But ybfi khow i t^PS M f&ssiblej;" (U^i the unhappy-wife; her- heart beating alowly and painfully. , > Copper must risp ag^in,*.answe^,.Harting< ftalej pnshing the )uOr ittmi hialoreliead with a ;gestfcre thrtiad in It aonvpit^ing of de^iair. In that Snoment ^elenaKealised Lwith a feeling of «p6eehlees terror that the spiendid priqe ior, whiffli she had 'li^'^Md j^ht.ybf pass irremably hand, her eyes gleaming, words e£ {aadonate ang^ risingto her - lips.. -But -aeeing him look BO ,grey and beati' lo^ didlfeeajry 1 with .iniisety, some atiiring-of Worna^y feeling in her heart restrained all expression of-reproach. t"S Maylande didnot require his mooer for a year or so, all might yet be well. Zhaeis ti>e : shipping interest,.which promises^to show a handsome profit this-season. I csn sell Waudoo iff {good advantage, if- it nbt.fccoedinto.the market; and caa get large'advances on the ^itfaet prajierlaeta Bnt to shell out £180,000. on ao phort i notice—Of eourse you will always bavef your own MtOements; nhthihf can -intend l*jrp .with that, w add^ H8^tingdsae, see{ng l)M wife Hook as utterly despairing a* if starvation atared lier in. the faoe. Helena shivered, and aaid nothing. A vision more terrible than the (lay of doom rose up be fore her—a loing, nay, an everlasting farewell to all her greatness; an obscure, dull life, without love: or power, or the pomp and display and cherished luxury of great wealth. What could be done to avert so cruel and disastrous a Date? It was then a stidden resolve took form and substance in tbs. Hartingdale's mind. Next day ahe saw . Victor Uaylands and spoke of his new plans.;; " I cannot realize yonr going away,*' she said, with; a pensive air; **and besides"—she hesitated apd lpbked down, and th^i, as if with a snddta burst Of cenfidenoe, she said, "I suppose I baght not to tell yon, but"— Another pause, longdr than the first,. said then the young man, wito ia Btoh rising bn Ids face, said quickly," Ia .** "ie^itjs aboutjOTare," returned Mrs. Hartingdttte eo?tly. *! It is as I thought it would bei- lean.iead between the lines. I believe Cls»e ney&,.6eas&d; .to love you. she peeini to lbng to be home again. Bat if you are ,gqne : when she returns — well, it cannot be -helped, I snppbfeeT' " Oh, as for that,t am not Bound to go to Wew |ZeaIahd, or anytvhere else, Unless Hike. Btit joH know X31»re behaved very badly to me, ifta. ffartihgdale." " I never ; defended Olare, as you know,. Victor ; but there is this much to be said, and I havepaid it before—I believe it was not through indifference she broke off the engagement so iuursBd&'? !.'*'•".•. .This assertion was at once soothing'and easy joft belief to Sir. Maylands. Olare had behaved gTvatnpfnUy, b.ut after all, if she came bask jtrumble, penitent, and secretly pining for fqegiveaess—sot that he -.would be in any bufry to offer her anew the affections aad the fortune ahe had bo sacrilegiously cast awayj; no, be would meet her r witha firm : frdnt —frith the easy unembarrassed gaiety of one who utterly forgives because lie lightly forgets; and then to watch this proud, firm mouth relax • into tremulous smiles at his approach; to see day by day those wonderful deep soft eyes look more |tehder- at -his coming, more wistful when he ^ went—-there were vivid dramatic possibilities |n all this that made the elderly cousin in3Dew Zealand, with Ids plans for rapid moneymBkihg, beooine a very pallid vision.' \- " When do you think your sister intends to return," he asked, with a comical assumption of indi&erenoe.;" BvehaUeady he began to assume something of the easy disinterestedness' with which he would meet the erring and repentant girL ; " O, I diresay she wiH be here within the next five months," answered - Mrs, Hartingdale. She spoke in a calm even !vbice, but her heart was beating wildly with excitement and a delightful-sense of victory.; .-. Victor Uaylands said no more of the New Zealand scheme, and within five months of the time -the canvemtioa recorded took place Olare returned from Germany. "And thin is the result." murmured Mrs. Hartingdale, as she drove home, leaning well hatpin her luxurious carriage. But the stake for which she played was too heavy to be easily abandoned, can and must at the very least prevent tills wretched insane engage.' ment till after next March," ahe said, low under her breath, her face pale and set with mingled fury and determination. CHAPTER IV. THB XHHUXG8 07 A PAXHIB. "Oowemove ourselves .or are moved by an unseen hand at a gams That pushes' us off from the board and others ever Buoceedf— ' The library at Oalthrope Park was a lofty spacious room lined from floor to ceiling with shelves of books in choice bindings. The furniture '. was of a grave and massive character, iu befitted an apartment ostensibly dedicated to converse with the mighty dead. In niches round the room there were basts of the great seers of the ages— Shakapeare, Milton, the world-worn Dante, Wordsworth with hia calm grand face, and others whose fame is more distinctly British. In the centre of the room there was a large mahogany table on which were piled reviews, monthly magazines, bluebooks, newspapers, and pamphlets . in methodical order. Mr. Butherford sat at this table on the aftembon of the day he returned home, hastily scanning a heap of letters that had been awaiting him. Some iafter a cursory glance he consigned to the waste-paper basket that stood at his right hand, some he carefully read and put on one side for farther consideration, and on others he wrote a hasty minute, and handed them to a well-dressed gentlemanly looking young man who aat near him writing rapidly at a desk. In the midst of his work the door was opened unceremoniously, and, looking up, Mr. Butherford saw a fair-haired fuzzy head with a bewitching fringe of close clinging little curls low down on the white brow. "Papa, Mr. Boxburghe is here, and wants to see you," Dolly spoke in a semi-mysterious and wholly important voice, and when the welldressed young gentleman at the desk looked up she gave him a significant loek, which implied that Mr. Roxburgh had come on very special business. The truth is that Mr. Temple was in fall possession of all that Dolly knew about her proposed brother-in-law. It was a way ahe had of being very friendly and communicative to the people she liked, and aa her fetter's confidential clerk, or secretary aa he was sometimes called, was a good deal in tbe bouse, Dolly constantly took bim into ooDDCil on all torts of Bobjecte—from tbe scoldiags administered by Mrs. Joseph down to the colour of a new ball dress. When her father was absent, and Mr. Temple was supposed to be turning his .brown curls grey with care, hunting up awful' armies of- figures and battalions of depressing etatistios for a Parliamentary debase, Sally <wi»nl(l put bar head in at tbe dopr asishe did on. the present occasion, and say," Mr. Temple, mamma will be glad if you can come and drink ,'a cup of toa with Us.". Dally always said this in rather a low voice, as if hilf afraid that one of those ; grim bluebooks would rise up in judgment ^against herself and the young man who:left them-with-such cheerful alacrity. . It was. on such occasions that George Kendall sometimes thought Dolly was a little, "too friendly with "that fellow." But if ever be said anything abont.them'atter Dolly opened her saucy brown eyes to their ; widest extentrand said, " George. how silly yoa are getting !•- I suppose thafs what makes it so peculiarly d,nil. when people are married." (An ironical "Oh!" from George J "They are eternally.tailing to each.other, and their minds get into' one groove, so that at last they either say ' Yeemy dear,* till one of them diesa lunatic, or else they quarrel and put - an- advertise- • ment on the paper about 'not^beini; responsible. Now, I don't .-mean to do either^ J'1L alwajs talk to other,nice people.as well as you." « So perhaps you'U put Temple in one of your bonnet-boxes, and take h|m .with us when we are married," George would remark sardonically * There will be no need for that," Dolly would calmy rejoin. "Theireare,always entcrtainingjonng.men to whom : one. Canj talk;".:"The deuoe Ijhere are!'.' XSeorge waa but hu<nan,and the prospect of .unending .relays of young men : making ttiemaetveB attractive to Doll£ in her journey, tht-ouah life Was notpwrticularly fasdrnatingto himfsothat he sometimes weht hodie rather depreMned and wrote fluent verses in which dark .allusions to the; inoonstahcy: of: woman w§re not infrequent. : . Mr. Butherford looked at his letters with a pie-occupied air, and did not at once'respond to Dolly's meesage. " Will you come to speak to him in the drawing-room, papa?" asked Dolly, drawing nearer. \- "No: sek him to come in here, Dolly, retained her father, poshing his unread letters to one side. ' Mr. Temple, knowing that this interview was one which did not touoh <m immigration or the price of wool; prepared to leave the room... But Mr. Butherford handed him a lettsYsaying—Did we. mot write, to Cropper and . West. about .this' .matter before I left borne ?". Temple referred , to a memprandam- -fa^ipW, and before he fonnd the entry he looked for there ' was a' tap'at "the • half-open door. Oome in," said Mr. Butherford, in his distinct, decided tones, . Then H&rlelgh; Boxbnrgh stood in the presence of the rich^man whose daughter he hfid come to ask in marriage,, and his trained, accurate eye took .in- the picture at.a glance. The. large, silent, soft-carpeted room, with" its t iers of shelves filled with the treasures oi ancient and modern literature, -the nnnioved *tf*oes of the great and wise" gleaming oatfrom elttdowy recesses, and- in :the centre of the room looking steadily, at Ihe.advancong stranger atood a toll, muscular-looking,map well past^the meridian of ;life, his dark hav and 'Whiskers plentifully epriikied with grey", but his dark eyM aa bright and fc^ten.'hMfaeolties-aA Vigilant as in the days when he WM tbe'aole arshitect of h|s large pws^ssiong. •'..-. £"Mr. Boxburghe, I belieVe,^ ie uld with, i eomewhftt formal bow, Harlej^i returned the : salutation and ,held out. - - his - hand. Mr. Butherford, in the careful; programme he ;had laid dbwn of this meeting, after a -prolonged trik: vrith his eldest daughter- on the. preceding -evening; had, not iticlqd^d:socor<iiala greeting... He recollected . this i vividly "as he clapped Hai^eigh's,' hand. But itheniie hi^pictaredladdiu^hterV suitor as a vAy' different man -from the one who stood before - him. " A thin enthusiastic-looking fellow with a nervous smfle and a cough pro. bably."j'• This, if put into, words, ,was; the picture Mr. Jjtutheriord had conjured up. And, .instead, there waa this athletio-looking ^man^ with an unmistakable'air ofhigh breeding, of command even/with a frwak and" digniJSed bearing, perfectly free attoce from embarrassment or self- assertion. " That will do just now,. Xemple," said Mr. Butherford, after he had asked his guest to be seated. Mr. Temple left the lihcary with a good; sized bluebook^ under his arm. This .bad an impressive air of industry and research, but whether statistics or Hiss Dolly shared most of the young man's thoughts tbe "following hour we lied not stay to ask. " No doubt you know the errand on which I have: come, Mr. Butherford," Harleigh said, as soon as they were alone. . "Yes, I believe I do. There was a slight pause. Then Mr. Rutherford, who felt that there was a danger of departing very widely from the programme which had been mapped out for this interview, hastened to say with a well-chosen smile—a smile that expressed at once comprehension and toleration—" I believe, as is not infrequent with young' people on beard ship,'where the days'are long and there is little to be done, that youand my daughter drifted into—not an engagement—but the stage preliminary to'it." A quick flush rose on Harleigh's face. " I do not know thatl would choose the word' drifted' to describe the state of affairs," he said, speaking rather' rapidly. Still that tolerant smile on Mr. Butherford's face. "However, I suppose . it matters little what led to it," continued the loverf " I dove your daughter very dearly, Mr. Butherford. I have reason to believe that she returns my love. I, hope I am not altogether unworthy of such a great gift, although the happiness Is far above'what I bave'looked for." w Is it the present or the future that gives you ^o mnch joy, Mr. Boxburghe?" asked the father, r still keeping np that air of goodhumoured .patience.which, seemed to say that however absurd this matter .might, be be. was not ^oing to lose his temper aboutit. From the first moment he had entered' the. library Harleigh! felt that Mr. Butherford -was not overjoyed at his daughter's choice. Bat the ungraceful irony of this speech fairly startled him. He |ooked at .Mr. Butherford a moment in. silence, arid, then said with somewhat abrupt directness: ; ' " £ have come to ask for yonr daughter in marriage, Sir. May I ask for your reply ?" " Seriously, Mr. Boxburghe, what, reply did you expect?". ' - , > - . . . Up to this time Mr. Butherford had been playing with an ivory paper-knife! He now laid it down, thrust his hands into his pockets, and looked full into Harleigh's face. "L expected that you would sanction our engagement," returned Harleigh very gravely. " Upon what grounds " I' only know two grounds 'on which any father should give his consent to a request such as I have made." "And they are?" "That the girl should love-the man who makes it as truly as he loves her, and that he should not be undeserving of her confidence." " Well, that is very good so. far as it goes, bat don't you think it rather one-sided?" " Possibly it may be, 8ir, but I am not aware in what respect it is so." "Ah, just so. Excuse. me for saying it, bat that'is one of the disadvantages of your profession. Ton are accustomed to lay such stress on the emotional faculties that ' the more ctacal considerations of a question are apt to C overlooked. Now, I imagine you will hardly deny that these two essentials yoa have named may be completely complied with in cases where a father's approval would be ill-advised—nay, absolutely cruel. Let us suppose the case of a man poorer than myself, one who could give his daughter nothing beyond a few dresses aud his blessing; and suppose that another man whom this daughter loved, and who loved her, but was quite penniless, proposed to many her, what then ?" " Pardon me, Mr. Butherford, but you are misstating my case. I do not consider that a man who calmly proposed to starve a woman was worthy of her confidence, however blindly she might trust him." "Well, put so strongly as that, perhaps not. But then men who rnsh into matrimony on nothing a year rarely propose anything calmly. There is what the poets term the ' glamour of love,' and a sublime faith in Providence as some unseen power who will in a mysterious way satisfy'the claims of the butcher and baker, and keep things smooth generally. In your work as a clergyman you must have seen a great deal of the wretchedness of this kind of thing, Mr. Boxburgh." This was thrown in to give an impersonal tone to remarks which might otherwise seem to be made, not altogether for the purpose of elucidating an abstract principle. " My work as a clergyman has brought me chiefly in contact with people who if they are to marry at all must do so on what you would term nothing, Mr. Butherford. Do not imagine, however, that I have been infected by such an example." said Harleigh with a smile. " I have no expectation of ever being a wealthy man; but I am not dependent on my calling for a living; I have four hundred a year independently of it. Hitherto I have spent more than the income I received as a clergyman among my people. Now, I suppose, it will be necessary to adopt a foznewhat different plan." It did not escape Mr. Butherford's keen observation that there was a shade of doubt, of hesitancy, nay, a something of regret about this admission, and his mental reflection was " This scores one in our favour." Aloud he said, " Ot course in taking a charge in the colonies yoa will nowhere find the dreadful overpowering poverty that is so common in large cities in the old country. Bat to return to the question from which'we started, Mr. Boxburgb, I dare say you think it is the money consideration alone which makes me consider your engagement to my daughter would be unwise. That I do think so I candidly admit." "I am very sorry to hear it,Sir. In that oase Olare most decide what our future relations are lo toe," " I suppose," said Mr. Butherford, you have cot much doubt as to what ber decision will be ?" Harleigh's head was'very erect, and there wis a glad ligtt in bis dark eyes as he replied:. " " I have no doubt what her decision will be* -A thousand set phrases' could not have expressed SO 'much unquestioning confidence az was conveyed in his look apd tone. This assurance that whether he were ill or welt pleased his daughter would be steadfast to the love she had pledged would doubtless hare been keenly resented had Mr. Butherford been a viadictireor essentially unjust man. But he was 'neither. He was partly, actuated by resentment of Glare's past error, partly Imposed uj-on by h« astute daughter, and also, it mast be confessed, rather prone to be misled by au over- J weening opinion of the importance of money.' But -he perfectly understood the lover's look of tender loyal devotion, and the thooght it evoked |n his heart was, " Maylands with his blonde moustache and everlasting small-talk has not the ghost of a chance beside this calm military-looking parson." Aloud, however, be said : "Well; well, I suppose it is in the order of things that lovers should think they understand eadhj Other "completely after a few weeks' acquaintance. Still yon will allow- that I have a rightrto exercise at least a little authority In this matter ?" ' • "Oertainly." • -r • " Then I must tell you thatl withhold my ^sanction of your engagement to my daughter for • six months from this time. Duriog that period I wiih no one outside my own family to know that there is an attachment between yoa. ~ Tou may ptrhapa think me somewhat' unreasonable in this, but I assure yoa thatl act from np arbitrary domineering spirit." "D° I understand that you forbid all intercourse ; between your daughter and ' myself .during the time you have named, Mr. Butherfordj?" r "My dear Mr. Boxburghe, I fo*bM nothing. Vou ^understand that my daughter is of age; and h&s; for sometimb made free use of her'own judgment irrespective of mine. I do not flatter myself that she'will make obedience-to- my wishes a ppint if conscience in iLis matter. In fact I depend ialmoBt entirely on your accepting^ my conditions in a fair and reasonable spirit. Make allowances for the feelings'Of a father—if I may use the term without trespassing on the domain of melo-dranu."' ' •-. There was a pause, and v then Harleigh Slid verylgravely, "I will not deny that I am diaappointed to find- you thinlc it necessary to im- - pose these condition!. But I ~ am too grate-, ful for the loVe I have won to "think'.a six mouths' probation intolerable; I will even try to think that it-may be wise,"-'gaid-H&rle3gb;' with-a Blight smile. . Then taking out his cardcase,! he handed Mr. Butherford two cards, saying, " These are the names aud addresses of twpgentlemep, who are old friends of mj 1 "father,; and ?will*be ready to answer any enquiry you inay Beienrit necessary to make about myself and my connections." • Mr. Butherford - glanced at the cards; one: borej the natne of Dr. Westiand, Bishop of Exeter, the, other -was that of a. well-known . statesman. He put them on the table, saying," "-I ain satisfied that your position and calling constitute a : sufficient guarantee 'as to your personal character." - Harleigh bowed,-and feeling that the interview was at an end he rose. Mr. Butherford led the way to th$ drawing-room, but ^before theyrepiereuiilieaaJi: - " Toa will ot course be veiy welcome to oar bouse as a visitor at any time you may feel d isposed to give us the'pleaaure of'your company. I presume you intend to remain In the colony for some time?" .. : "" Thank you. Yes, I shall probably be here for. some months .to come," returned Harleigh as Jhey stood at the. drawing-room door. CH£A c PTKB V. as i tIBITOB. In the drawing-room they found several visitors, mostly ladies "who were drinking afternoon tea aud generally entertained by Mrs. Butherford, while Dolly divided, her attention between the toatray and a fair yoking. jman .with . sandy hair and' moustache, >rid a look of determined earnestness. This wasi- George Kendall, Dolly's Jiandt. Hia inot£er and one.^dLliis sisters were also rtifclring a call. : They^rere both very expensively dressed, talked volubly, and liad reddish hair, which was, indeed, a peculiarity, of the whole family. Perhaps it ; was this monotonous trick .of Nature 1 that Dolly found so tiresome when' she on one occasion before her engagement said to Clate," One Kendall is very well," two are not amiss, three may be tolerated, but as for.- the whole family,, nothing bat tbe grace of God can enable one to endure them. Mrs. Butherford had a refined and somewhat fragile appearance. She was close upon sixty, but her complexion was still aoftly fair, and in her silky brown iiair not a trace of igrey wis yet to be seen; this, with the luge quiet eyes; and delicate serious mouth, gave an expression of singular sweetness to her face. Olare, looking happy and animated, sat somewhat apart from the rest, talking to a youngman whose eyes were very like her own, but with a very bronzed face and a heavy dark moustache and beard. Olare cast a searching look at her. father and lover as they entered, then motioned the latter to her side of the room. "Mat, this is Mr. Boxburghe; my brother Matthew." The two men shook hands. « Matthew has just arrived," said Olare. u Ha is a wild man .of the woods, who despises the trammels of civilization, and rarely condescends to leave his beloved bush." " Yes; just' now and again when X want a pannikin, or a 'possum-rug made in the latest fashion, I am obliged to come to town,'" said Matthew. "Then do you live far away from your home ?" enquired Harltigh. It's just the other way," returned Matthew. "My people have deserted the old- nest—a beautiful place in the heart of the "woods, with breathing space for .thousands on it, with growling trees and sweet water,and peaceful flocksof Bneep; and here they stay near town—a place hideous with noise, with ugly houses, with want of room and cleanliness.*' ' " And hideous most of all with the concourse of human beings that envy and cheat and jostle each other in- it from -morning till night, eh, Matthew," said the aister. ''Quite true,''answered Matthew emphatically. ' There was nb make-believe or exaggeration about Matthew's love of the great iiiipeopled woods. He waa one of those to whom - Nature in her large grand leisure, in her deep solitude, broken only by the sound of winds that rise and, fall, the musio of running waters, the fluttering of branches, and the singing of birds, was almost as necessary as tbe bread he ate and the water he drank. He did not theorize about the matter, nor tabulate his impressions. But when he came into town periodically and stayed a few weeks the noise, the bustle, the hurrying to and fro, the appointments to be kept, the dances to be danced, and the polite unmeaning speeches which must be 'made, seemed to him a burden not to be borne. When sick of these things, the memory of the vagan mournful cry of waterfowl flying over a waste of sand, gleaming white and still in the deep solitude of a starry moonlight night, of the perpetual hash and shadow of deep gullies in the heart of closely-wooded ranges, would suddenly sweep across his mind, and he would feel that he must return to his flockand herds, to his free simple life In the Australian bash But on the present occasion Olare's return, after an absence of two yeiars, had indaced bim. to come into town the second time within a few months, though it was now shearing tim&r-that; Hegira of station life.' " I hope my cousin will find life in the woods as fascinating as you do," said Harleigh, feeling not a little amused at the look of critical enquiry which the yonng man b&nt; on him. M My sister has juat been telling me that Mr. Dunstan intends to go into the country. If be does not form any more pressing engagement, I hope he will come back with me to Nillanilla and stay a while, to see how he likes bush life in the north." Harleigh expressed his thanks for this hospitable offer, and Matthew, who knew what the purport of Harleigh's present visit was, fouud his way toDoIly's side, and tried to convince her that the tea she gave him in an exquisite cup of Meissen china, with frothy cream,'sweetened with loaf sugar, Was not to be compared to the same beverage made in a quartpot, under the shadow of a gumtreeat sunset, after a long day's march. And then he listened with a comic half-wondering look to the talk of two ladies who sat near him. The yonnger one—Mrs. Vera Brown—was a self-important, rasping-voiced little woman, who " went in" for being literary, and was given to repeating extracts from reviews and art criticisms with an exasperating air of proprietorship, as if the fact of filching them made those oppressively smart, semi-false, and superficial judgments the original product of her own small brains. It was currently reported that one sensitive young artist, who had come for "studies" to Australia, fled the colony one night after she had persisted in talking to him for a whole evening about " harmonies of tone" and the " supreme melody of nocturnes by So-and-so." When not bent on airing her superior talents and penetrating critical insight, Mrs. Vere Brown was prone to dwell on all the ill-natured versions of her neighbours' affairs which she could collect. She did this, however, with an affectation of false sympathy and regret that many people found more intolerable than downright scandal, "Have you seen any of the L&ckgelds; lately?" she would say; "I am so sorry for these poor girls. What with the father's intemperance, and the mother's extravagance, I redly don't know what ia to become of them. It is sach a pity three nice, nice girls like them should have no prospect of settling. Why, the youngest must be close upon thirty. Oh! I am sure she is. They begin to look very passe Zhsur girls, they are very nice. I am so fond of tbem," &C;,, &o;, On the present occasion she was in her literary "The modern novel,'like the modern drama," she was saying in her high-pitched unmodulated voice, too essentially the reflex of transitory phases or external life., Neither can keep a permanent place in literature. Nor can we wonder?— " What» good memory you have, Mrs. Brown," interrupted Mrs. Olanaghtn, the lady to whom she ispoke. '"The ' Major was reading that article-in one of the quarterlies the other day; but he thooght it,was such nonsense he. would not finish it." "'What article,'<iear Mre. Olanaghan?" asked Mrs. Y*re Brown shrilly. 1 " Oh, just "that style of thing about the great creative genipses of the p«st,and the dull level of medibcrity in the present—tbe sad certainty of the writer that nothing which is the product of -the nineteenth century can endure—not even its steam-engines, the workmanship bbing so bad. The Majorgot'out of all'patiencej with the thing. He said the worst of ev^ry'one learning to read was that people of shallow understanding, eager to be considered smart and in .the van of so-called modern thought, formed a port'of foolish chorus' for. such ill - digested staff," Mrs. Olanaghan was a tall spare woman -with a commanding Boman nose, a eallow.'compUxibn^ dark ' restless *yes, and thin resolute lips, Who • had a special faculty . for bitter epeeahes, when she wished to. wipe oat S6me; real or imagine* v. social grievance.. Bhe . had oixe -or twice heard' liow Mrs. Vcrer Brows maderemarks of this kind— 0 The Usjor and Mrs. Olanaghan are very good sort of people in their way, btit what an infliction' it is that fthey can.nevff talfc of apything hat ludia. Bom^ one said the other day the Major left his liver' there and Mrs. Olanaghan her mannera> : Isn't'it a Bhame to say such things?" &c.; Hence ,the skvsge "reception jaeairded,. by Jhe Major's wife jto Mrs. Vere Brown s attempt, at profound conversation. Matthew sipped his tea and listened to these amenities of high-bred- friendship 'with half-cubical amusement^ musing' on ithie little lives of men, and how'they : mar that little with thtir strife. Then he glahced towards Glare, and wondered why there was euoh a troubled look on her face while-talking to her lover. . " You have spoken to papi ?""Olareliaa said, withia certain feeling ot 'uneasiness, M iopn as they; were alone. With- the quick intuition of a; keenly' sensitive ' temperament T «he' felt sure I that, the Viptetrisw in the librwy! Ijad 'i not been what she wished. , Had not Harleigh's - face lost something of the expression of glad -"content which it—wore when she bad spoken to him i Bfcort time ago ? • "i" ifes, he has spoken to me," answered .H&tUigb;, smiling: • " He has not absolutely >efuse^ hjs cobsept to our engagement, piare; but tie withholds it tot aix.modths—it we are oorisfenttill-then.- Do y«tbthinkH*e shall be?" Clare flashed up violently,and then the blood 1 receded, leaving her paler than before. ' " Did my father give any reabon for not consenting to our engagement ?" ahe said, in a lo w tone. .•--•;-, "I cannot Say tbst iie gave anyjpreclse reason. ; Perhaps he saw some strong signs ot fickleness ' in iny face;' or is it-^du, Olare, who is not to be-' lightly trusted ? Are you like the wicked princess in the . fairy tale, iwho sat ina castle with the bones of her rejected lovers bleaching around?" , .-Instead of responding to this raillery r with iier usual gsiety, Olare, looked pale and agitated. . ' •'Tell me, Harleigh, did my father speak hafBhly to you she salid, v/itha quiver in her proua mobile lips. • , No, my. darlinx; > nnlees you call the condition I have named harsh. I do not pretend- to like it myself; but, after all, I think such a dear little wife as 1 anlgoijng to have is well worth waiting tor much longer than that, if need be> , Olare looked across" the room where her-fat&er; sat' talking to Mrs. Kendall, and' the thought that ihe had cordially approved of George as a son-in-law, while .Harleigh's suit was for" the time being rejected, made her heart swell with anger and a keen sense of injustice. ** My father is always unjust to me," she said bitterly; " before I left home—" She parsed abruptly. " Harleigh, there is something I want : to tell you-something that caused a coolness between myself and nsy father before I went away. I suppose I was to blame, but"— . " Never trnnd it just now, darling. "But don't think too hardly of" your father. He is quite right, to be cautious before he eritrbsts you to .any one—even to me.'' Olare -looked «inguL&rly; troubled and annoyed,but Harleigh was bent on making die best of it. . " See here, Olare," he said, taking up a book that lay on a little table near them—a book of modern poetry, botind in pale Mae, With slender gold lilies growing on the covet, and-turning the leaves as he spoke—that is one, two, three, four,-five, six months frem now—that will take us to March, Well, on the 22nd of Much yonr father, seeing our undying constancy, will give ub his blessing; on the 23rd, that is the day after,* I shall come riding up to Oalthrope Park, I'll borrow Tony for the occasion, and here Til find you waiting to go to church, in a lovely white tulle moire antique." ' Despite her annoyance, Clare burst into a laugh at this. "It is not that we have so lbng to wait, Harleigh, but that my father should hesitate and place such restrictions; but of course you will come herk" i ; " Oh, yes; you father kindly made me welcome; as a visitor. Olare, I wish yoa would write me a little manual of etiquette as to what one may or may not do in that capacity. A terrible suspicion creeps into my mind that at some unguarded moment I may .remember only that I am jiur lover." . " Ais * a visitor.' So that is my father's decree. I dart say lie was thinking of - Mr. Drumbleton, who pays us a visit every Thursday afternoon with the even regularity of a planet. He always stays fifteen minutes, always says the same thing, and smiles in the same dreadful way, jast like a continuation of his last smile, as if he had put. it in his pocket when he had done with it, ,and then taken it out when he wanted'it again." - f "I have a presentiment" that I shall bear a fatal resemblance to this' unfortunate man, Olare. I am sure I'shall say the same thing each time I see you." "What is that?" " Oan you hot guess ?" Olare reflected a moment, 'and then said gravely, "I suppose yon will say, ' This is not a very good season for nectarines.'" " No; I shall say, * Olare, I do believe you are the dearest little girl that ever lived.'" " Ah! you think that now," said Olare wistfully, without a trace of coquetry, thinking ruefully'of a certain confession that must be made—some time. Harleigh laughed, and just then it struck him that a visitor shonld not devote himself exclusively to one member of he household. The Kendalls left, and Mr. Butherford went out with them. "Now,Glare, I must not stay much longer jast now, and I have a very important piece of news yet to tell you. Last night Patrick and I were at the house of an old London friend, Dr. Sheeness. Among other people there was Mr. Laker, the incumbent of St. Christopher's. Perhaps you know him ?" " Slightly. I have heard him preach once or twice. He alwajs begins.- 'It is eventide; Across a plain some sojourners on camels are hastening towards a group of palm-trees, which mark an oasis—a welcome place of rest for man and beast. My dearly beloved brethren, this was in the Holy Land.' And then be pauses, aa if to give his hearers a chance of recovering from their surprise at this vividly graphic description. Now, Harleigh, you need not shake your head at ine. Ton know he has a mast elaborate way of saying nothing." "l ean see that a certain young lady has a wicked way of saying something. But: what I want to tell yen is that Mr. X*ker is going away for his health for six months, and proposed thai I should take his charge during'that time. I have hot yet decided, but I think I shall most likely do so." " Oh ! then would you live in Barlaja ? Or is it at Miilbaven St. Christopher's is ?' " The parish—do you speak oJ parishes here ? —oomprises both suburbs. I understand they are three miles west of the town. Mr. Laker spoke in rather a desponding way of his parishioners." " Ob, there is hardly any one in the place but brickmakers and labourers and people who do something to skins far gone in mortality. I believe the chief amusement of the place is wife-beating. Beally, Harleigh, nearly all the dreadful things happen in that neighbourhood. But yoa needn't live there, need you?" said Olare, in a deprecating tone. "Tes, of course I shall live there, Clare. I do not suppose it is anything like my London district. You see, dear, I have very low tastes in that way," said Harleigh, smiling, " Tell me, please, what yoa did ia yoar London parish—district was .it ? That sounds more doleful; long stretches of crowded back streets and lanes, with villanous-looking roughs in tattered clothes waiting round the corners to heave bricks'at one! Did any of yoar people become better, Harleigh." " My dear child, some of the people I knew among the very poor of London were the greatest example and encouragement I found in my work. But you must disabuse yourself of the idea that the majority of even those who are wretchedly poor and disgracefully housed are either paupers or criminals. X knew men and women who lived in foul rookeries — I cannot call them houses — In orowded courts and alleys, constantly surrounded by the depressing grimy monotony of the Streets, who lived honest, trae, and brave lives; who were cheerful and kind and capable of real heroism in the way of unselfish helpful* ness to others. Of course these were the exception ; they are the exception in^ every rank of life. Bat the knowledge that it was possible for such lives to grow and develop in the face of so much terrible dUeonragement icspfc tfafi Devil at toy when be would bare one believe that seed sown among masses of partially pauperized and indifferent human beings could bear no fruit. Then in the pastoral work, in the house-to-house -visitation, - sick visiting, provident clubs, penny' bulks, reading^opms, day, night, and Sunday schools, meetings, lectures, tapd'socuTgatheringa, I-had a splendid band of wheat workers as my coadjutors, with iny sister .Laura—you will love- her ao fondly, Clare—alwayj £> -the fore. \\-A great feature in onr.-disfricf was the'eatablidiment of numerous mission houses lor amusements, social- reunions, and quiet'evenings. It was, a kind of opposition 1 we . etarted to the' public-houses, beershops, and gin -palaces. These are always open^ always handy, and' we did not expect people tired with their day's bard toil to trudge to us past these ever-open tempting resorts. So as thickly as possible we hired or built rooms (as cheaply as possible) that were well lit -each evening, where good periodicals, works of fiction, &c.;, were to bs hsd, also tea and, coffee were supplied at almsst nominal prices.. In .many cases these rooms became eetf-fcupporting. •^Ve made no'distinction of Church or cre£d: "any one who chose to drop in, and who'- - behaved deoeatly, was welcome. Otherwise.these Jrolotaa would hive been on a very .unequal footing, with the publichouses. A good deal of my work was decidedly secular. From the first—acting on the advice of experienced fellow-workers—I set ny face against alms-giying. There are always numbers of hopeless hereditary paupers in London districts andjuvriahes,-®bo regard .the_Oh!irch_a8__ a beneficent institution for, giving charity: tickets.' But tfiese are not the people one hopes' to do much with.' ;If I did not believe that life ia in itself,'a' moral >nd, : the lohlv" remedy t would fulvpcate for such people: would be wholesale ehthahasla.' The larger "number of my parishioners were hard-working, but with* sach a close battle for a'livelihood^ that any^ misfortune or drawback may,".suddenly precipitate them into pauperism;' A'littlejudbjous help jn suchcases^r of . incalculable value. You would be surprised to know, Clare, how large my dealings as a money-lender have been." "And do you charge a very high.'rate of interest?" ~ . " Oh, I am not going Jto reveal business secrets. ; If you want to rtise a lean of course, it's a different matter. But haven't you had enough of this just now?" - - : r "No, Indeed," answered Olare, who waa absorbed not merely in listening but in drawing , mental pictarerof thelifearid scehes Harleigh's simple facts suggested. This was Olare's invariable -habit when listening to what deeply - touched Or interested : her.- It waa not an unashaily poaerfulimaginalioh thkbledtothis, but is.'vivid dramatic faculty, that'turned, scrape of cbnversatian,-themeagrestde&cription;, : or even a chance-allusion, into scenes thaf came : and went as swiftly as slides in a.magic lantern. - " Yon used to write sometimes,, didn't yoa, Harleigh ? Yoa see, Pat gave mc bushels -of statistics about-you." - - - . "Ob, "my writing, dear, "was chiefly of a~very prosaic character. It generally took the form of protracted onslaughts on vested interests that stood in the way of- Bome material-'or social betterment in our district. I suppose mdgt-people get what Herbert Spencer calls a professional bias sooner or later. When I was a soldier my ' ideal achievement was to lead a charge of cavalry to a brilliant victory against fearful odds. Bat at Str. David's in the East, to level to the ground some 6f~the ptifling courts wkuv people are packed from attic to basement in 'degrading wretchWneM, «ai one Bf my dearest dreams. And some of -thezh eete Ks'izedi Tjut. oh-! the ..endless interviews, the official letters, the mretings, the appointments, the statistics, whieli bad to be encountered. And then the abuse thrt was sometimes heaped upon'Us. We'mademcfre beautiful the Temple of : our G6d, aid had daily' services; we were Papists |n disguise. We'Idrit a helping hand to aH whom we could aid, irrespective of creed. ,or sect; otir only aim was to proselytize ; we, straggled to compass the social improvement of the district by having better dwelling houses and-mission-rooms for innocent amusements; wewereSbciiliBtsand Materiilists. I remember a writer once in a local evening •paper reterrea to sundry of our methods as being "very carnai^ T^iave never yet, however, had the opportunity .^ being as carnal as - I would like. One of my day-dreams is to see large theatres thoroughly well conducted within : the reach of the very poorest." "Theatres!: Oh, Harleigh, how delightfully unorthodox," said - Clare,'' with a beaming face. " Would yoa halve French ptey a translated with an uneasy air-of Bnglbhpropriety performed in them?" "Now, - Clare,' that -is cruet, More thin three hundred yean ago God • gave us - a -man whose genius is so rare and splendid that even a partial appreciation of his works is a kind of education in itself. Yet to the people of England they are to this day a' sealed book. They always will be till they are properly rendered. So when my ideal theatres, free from the associations that have brought disrepute" on the stage, have emerged from the shadowy land of dreams, they need not depend for their attractions on the pert,~"modern French play, with its sickeresse of soul, Its restless attitndinising, arid feverish anxiety to make one laugh at everything. Now, don't tempt me into any mibre disquisitions on this subject. Oh, yes, I can see I am undone. After this, when I want jto remonstrate with you—that's a good -sonnubial 'word, Clare—instead of listening with a contrite hear^ you will smile, as you do jow, and say,/ Tell -me a fairy tale ; about an ideal theatre, for example.'" . " O, yes; one clearly foresees that yoa will be thie most ill-used of men," said Olare, laughing ; and then, Harleigh, feeling that norightoiinded visitor-would-linger -so inexcusably, made his adieus and went away. OHAPTEB VI. \- -- SAMBkli.. - - : Barbaja wag;a low-lylng, thickfy:populated place; which straggled round oornersy shot out in irregular lanes, peeped, out at unexpected angles, and'had a general air of taking -upmore ground than it could rightly claim, This appearance waa chiefly owing to the large number of disused and active brickfields which were to be found in its outskirts. These brickfields Were surrounded by small mean habitations, cretrded into the least possible space—aome of them on ><he very verge of the workedHPat pits, whioh •gave them a pathetic air qf .peeging .over with their grimy, often broken, windows, to see how far they wonld have to fall when their present precarious foundations would finally give way. A stranger walking through Barbaja would Mmetimes come on a desolate-looking exhausted clayfield, apd fancy that he was at the extremity af the place; but, lo! a little beyond he would find that a fresh architectural start in' discoloured bricks and dust-coloured shingles had been made. He would find more two and three roomed little tenements perched up and down on minute plateaus, and overlooking yawning chasms; more low, narrow, endless-looking rows of small houses with dirty windows, with paint blistered and falling off, with tiny yards behind them, and still tinier scraps of land in front, where nowand then a fewflowera drew; a languid existence, till a strong sense of discouragement overtook them, and they faded off in an apologetic kind of way. They seemed to say, " We have done our beet to be as white as the moon, and the stars, to be as pink as the clouds of sunrise, to be as blue as tbe far-away sky. But hot ^ dish-water thrown suddenly over us is injurious to our constitution. So are goats. So are the little chubby hands that tear us up to' see what we are made of. So are the strong-Bailed' boots of heavy men that stagger and tnunple on us." Alas! tite pale little blossoms were not the only creatures of God mortally hurt by the men who staggered. The principal industries of Barbaja besides briekmakiag were tanneries, feilmongering and boiling-down establishments, gasworks, and aerated-water manufactories—industries which for the most part were either very noisy or very unsavoury. Indeed, the Barbaja, the little river from which the place took its name, and which flowed through the auburb, dividing it into Barbaja Bast and Barbaja West, was aa foul and discoloured as the most civilized stream to be found in the" Black Country." When the establishments named were in full work, when the hides were tanned, the wool sooured, and rancid fat boiled down—besides many a small business which had a fierce perseverance of their own in smelling—tbe atmosphere was impregnated with odours that more than rivalled the forty smells of Cologne. Perhaps under these circumstances it is not surprising that a strong belief was cherished by the labouring men who comprised the balk of the inhabitants, in nnmber between two and three thousand—that strong doses of beer and spirits were indispensable to keep the human system in fair working order. Doubtless this was one reason why public- houses were so numerous in Barbaja. They were in the main streets, in the back streets, in the lanes, and by the roadsides. From the tall three-etoried, important-looking building with stuocoed front, shining plate glass, and newly hung signboard' in the principal streets, down to the old squalid wooden shanty with its ill-omened narrow front, its dreary look of emhbined dirt and vice, in the midst of a cluster of miserable dwellings—all these public-houses had their customers and made tiieir gains. At tbe bars, in the taprooms, in the grimy parlours redolelnt of vile tobacco and viler spirits, there were always to be found after work liours groups of men in their labour-soiled clothes — some in eager talk, others quarrelling . noisily, a few in moody silence, hut all having something to drink. On Saturday nights these groups swelled Into crowds, the quarrelling ended in fighting, and "something to drink" went^on to hard-and-fast potations till a number of the men were riotously or helplessly drank. No public-house in Barbaja was more noted for these Saturday night orgies than the ** Black Panther." It was a low one- Btoried building facing Chapel-road— : one of the nun thoroughfares of Barbaja. Exactly opposite to it on the other side of the road stood the " Golden lion," newly built pa. ' the site of the first ina which bad Hooriabed in tbe place, The two bouses were not by exact measurement more than iOOyuJsAput Five houses beyond tbe "Black Panther," on tbe western side going down Chapel-road towards Miilbaven, you came to yetanotber inn —amall, grimy, _and black^king,Jntth::"ThB Bookmakers' Besf ' gjgjming in . bold gilt • letters ateve the door. But neitheir the "Gijlden" itrglistoniDg -J^r,, its.hBge tap- W *itJiLa: jaoarte^ /ipdl paper adorned witli flsmlng picl^reapf apd r Sayere (engaged in jteut^l .^{jn^, Mul-aimilar works of art;..p9r.the " BriokmiAerp' Besli," with.its sedqetive title, and um|era§ath a legend ;in sniall letters of"" Good meals for 9d," drew so mscy (^utomers ajDd di^>ve so iKrgp a trade as Jhe " Black Paptjier." It- was reckeped>mong local: stfttisiicmongers: that .more b@ad$. -were broken, ipore eonatitntion* jruined, aud epasequently more'money; made intbB.latter th&a; in any other too'inns in Barbaji pat together.;,' As a same^ extent - after- nigbSST^by^aoxi<Hii»/ahd^ miserable^ookiog women arlth children 4n arms! and at their side.. They would stand, these ' -wives and mothers, at a little - distaiMe and gaza timidly in at ;the -xflarlug-,, bpr,_ jis^Bniag with a loud bfMiing r . a Toipes.' row : within in boisterous "mirth or angry altercation, Batas arnle the^^lld not co.vary near,.and' few, -indeed, ; were'bbld^erH»j:gti tbira* to the ba^door or 1 ih : at'lhfe' infle^if^uSr to'iwk for iby;rev^x;who;'mlgS^ Host: B»mpttm,jwith his.<rubieundi qoie,.hie. heavy eheete,:lHS shock of red hair, arid;j>is thick gruff: >vQioe,xkjiew well: how to keep tha^e^ .women . their careworn haggard faces at a safe distance. " A passel o' wimen pokin' round With' red eyeses is enough to give any one the mcWygrurns/'" he'tuef lo" say/ wiEh a^fine - .touch of indignatibrii' from thSfc -it'&ay;'bB inferrofi thatl" moliygraia«r' Wat libJt €t£ high£st fohn! of rjj»lljty Jaapwn |o ^^ejla^lord ^of. ^Oie Black Panther. .. 1 Decefc Harleigh- Boxburghe had taken charge-' Christopher's, the bar of this inn was half-filled by" labourers, mechanics,-arid others,- who in passing from their work had caUejilntb have a glass of beer. "'*" " ' " Like all TioatelriM that make a ~!aifge" trade£ tbe Black'^Parith&jhad; many frequenters .whowere 1 not always undeviating in their attendance. Among these it may-suffice now to note Larri O'Donnell, who was yicioasly teetotal till He {eU.i£toCtemptation, arid after spending his nSoney loud'y sorrowed over his fall, vowing apaeridment with many tears, "It's thim public'bouses, me jewel," he would say to bis wife ^Bridget,-'with solemnt'certainty. "VTJh^j;' , blazes into a-man's dies as it were whin hVa tcomin' bome from his work, au' wan afther another gees in, an' hecalls-on the saints to help |iim; but bedad they're too coaey. or too far away to moind. ^And .thin he feels that he's just | a .poor;;nfane-spiril$d bh£kgajtj§I:if. he _ doesn't tabe a dhrop o' the crather loike Pat and Mike and the rist o' the bboyfe." There was James Glehricd, the broken-down gentleman; who in Sis' sober moments "wrote those diffu8e, -eloqaent - begging-letters which brought, the tears into the «yed «f pitifal fabari^ table ladies—letters in'whieh-he imprecated wrath of Heaven.on himself if rhe ever_ag$ltr gave! way to his "beMtting^in," as he glibly, termed Jiis drunkenness. But once fairlj started, again with a pound or two in, bis pockets, and" a tumbler of spirits'before him,* -none] so vituperative as be nabout meddling legislation,' and interference with tbe poor man's lifierty :; " Let us be ware of .those who would try itorob/Us of the < good gift of lOod*' imw^nldsa; pathetically astie-drankBampton'*; adulterated brandy, ;And > then ' when his hand shook with incipient' <!?Hrium 'tremens he would give a forcible oration &&> ihe text that people are not tp be made aober by Act of Parliament. There was, f orthia^-Diek ^Brown, a - clever house-painter, who .urms-time figured'atmany temperance 'rtfeetings as a'man "who ^rad " seen tbe evil of hia ways, aud held all iotoxicating liquor as accursed. -Dick kept edfebr : sometimes for six and nine mobths at a time, arid jthen the Black Panther saw Dothing of: him. Bat Bampton did'riot despair. " Diok ' is making money fast; ril have a good haul" soon," hfs wonld say with a chuckle to bis more, intimate cronies. Arid poor Dick generilly' fulfilled' this expectatibn. Yet he' was -heter one of tbe_.Blaok Tanthw's mosfc ^esSable " customers. There was a moodiness about him,. a feeling of sullen discontent S*hieh was urito find'expression in, savage speeches aind In" scornful tirades npon his own weaknew and. that of others. " Dick is one o' them as allaya" spiles a spree by counting up the cost wheri ne ought to be injying his licker," an asMMiate'fxE' hiasaid once; and thsre was truthIn theeaying. On this evening tbe talk.-ih the bar 'turned on the innovations; the new incumbent of St. Ohristobher was introducing. " He's got some chaps round Mason's comer to Bign a partition agin another public-'ouse bein' built there," said oriel 1 " Yes," chimed-in Did Brown, ~"he liaa the people to meet in the-Sunday-schocd most every ' evenin'—rot Bible classes or Catechiam affairs, you know^bat juBt to sit.round .quite homely like, 'with views and pictgrs to look-at, and cpffee to drink, and then: he leads 'em on to talk of Parly ment, "and the sort of men'that ought to-be there, and how working men should . save money-—' " As if a passon had anything';to do with the likes o' that," brake in the landlord, with a voice full of lofty scorn; " Why, didn't you hear frhat he 'aaid iu ths pulpit two Sriridaya ago ?" said Glenriae. - Let's hear it, Gleme," Wd one or two.- : " Well, you see,! was. at' low ebb^-no money, no tobacco, no credit, no shoes to speak of, and no Work. So there .was nothing left for me but to go in for repentance and the respecta- bilities " , \ f Doesn't agree with your constitootion, that, does it ?" said the landlord, winking. w Not very much," answered Glenrice reflectively. " But yoa sob, though you are a good fellow in your owa way, Bampton,you don't overflow with the - milk «f -human."-kindness when a poor devil is so completely out at elbows. That was my plight. So I Just wrote a letter. I was $'n the brink of starvation; ! ' was surrounded toy,temptations (that's you, my ' friends) ;" I war sjek of 1 , wallowing in tbb mira 1 (that's 8cripture); i "was sfck of myself - tired of life; I winted one more chance to retrieve myself ; anc&flp; ojf. ^So the old lady I wrote to gave me a nice light j ob,^ict3ng up faded rose-leaves and looking after a couple of ducks. Of course she expected me to read , tracts at night and.go to church.on Sunday. -Behold - me, then, clothed in a second-hand ooat land seated iri St. ChriatopHer'a,,aud Fm l^essedTif ~ that • passim/ as Bampton- oril» "liim,Tdf3n , t - pitch with tooth; and' claw - into'tlUi r vice Of' drunkenness, He stood - np at^aight, with bis' eyes'and his voic£° going'tbrdtigi~a ~ fellow; and didn't he describe the scenes, that might be iirithesaed any evening at the Black Panther." 7 . -T ; - : " What '^roared Bamptoa, hisfaeefurpliri|. " Well, rmjnot sure that tie named the'jplac&, ' but one who knows it as well as I do oonldnt ' mistake it. And then he said— 4 Perhaps some of my hearers may think that on this holy day of rest—this beautiful calm Sabbath—it might be more fitting to speak of .the joys «f heaven and tiie blessedness of immortality than of-the. vice and misery that stare us in the face. 6h! my friends, if tiie life that is given us here is misused and'.debased by low indulgepcer-if. Gdd'a^ beautiful earth. here is stained' with, oar Crimea arid oar uneleanness—to what purpose should we spealc of the eternal -city paved with gold, ; . and the White-robed aairits Who bear palms of victory in their hands ? Is not this world aa grand and wonderful as any that canawait us beyond tbe bloods ? Is not this life as precious as any hereafter f" -There, that's what I calls the words of a hinfidel l" cried the landlord in a tone of triumph. «It's otiraB prachin', that, to say this woorld, where so many av us has to work at six bob a day and no beer, Is as food aa the bliased abode av the Almighty and all the Saints," said Larry reflectively. ••And then the cheek of a man like him, aa don't know what a 'ard day's work is, to go cry in' out agen us poor chaps injyin* oar beer," said a bent elderly man with brick-soiled clothsc and red blinking eyes. "Well, Jim, you've had as much beer in yoar day as any mas going, and Pd like to know what good it's done you in the long run," said Brown gruffly. "I've been a misfortunate chap, Dick, what with my poor missus in the Destitute and my youngsters scattered about here and there," said the bricklayer, with a quaver in his weak voice. Bampton did not relish sach excursions info. the histories of his staunch supporters, and tried to divert attention by saying, "Isfposeif this 'ere new passon gets his way much we poor publicans nil hev to shut up shop." " True for yon, Mr. Bampton," said a newcomer, a short thickset man in the prime of life, whose lime-stained hands and clothes proclaimed hiB calling to be that of a mason. " True for ye, my boy. If you want to earn an honest penny you must buy some Testaments and tracts and write ' Milk and coffee sold here' over your door. If you do TO warrant you old Nick will be one of yoar first customers. He's not so easily taken in as Harry Barnwell." Ihe men who had paid their score on Saturday night laughed at tills, but thoae who were In the landlord's debt were not prepared to find any fun in the joke till they saw bow Bampton took it. "I takes any man in, Ben Davis, wbatpaya Ha way and keep* a civil tongue," growled tha landlord with a scowl. "And has a soft head and a fall pocket, eli ?" retorted the.carpenter. " Well, your head maybe soft, but rm bio wed if yonr pockets are very fall,* said Barnwell, in a blustering tone. " You're right thereabout, Barnwell," returned Davii quietly. ..They're never bo fall that theyll need emptying here, while the maa who has filled thezn is lying helplw with a broken leg, nn&Me; to look after Ml Mm." (ContimitS en page ftj (Continued from page 3.) « What do yon mean by that r saidthelandland, In a semi-Jhr*teoing fcwfta • '-V 1 -. f AMbh www now wed onDavis, who:! C ± finisbedWpotof beer.andwis^llingMspi . ©utwi^jifliin, but with * oertairiioolfof V ^gniBonabout theeye* sad * ^tfle ttwidr itf bis hands, which, to a close -observer, would in-: dioate tart he wi labouring nndet some re- "Ton do-yon?* be aaid, speakingin;E»tbeea-lowier tone than ma usual with town. ?JW,eli,ril ten you. last ffhursdayHanrliwwell and his stepson, John . then* i^oat^U^viMa^l^ "fifty pOiwds,by chequte.-Jdfcn went to town tohavetlris sashed; w h e a l s w a y t o tbe Bankte^* rowrirtttwtnj trap dashing downthistreet, fcnd^ohadof fiveat ^st^ng^ree% in the He rushed , to save the child,nut in doing thit he got knockdddown himself, a wheel of the trap west overhis tag, -and umashed Is •just above theanHe.-^onVeallheard that, Iiaven'fe iyon?"saiilDBvi*; looking xouad. "°£es,"saidieveralmoes. l . , "Perhaps yoo.dotftknow *hat iaMkiplace; afterward.though," aaid Davis. "-T«hn taken home; Barpwell, in the bold ef-tjhe *iieque,-and what tfo yon did witi H P - 4 - '> Theresas teanswar lira, but one or two looked at-tbe landlord in an enquiring way,and ^"'rk^fli waottoluMffu^ mbre<iyolir yarns, Sen HHP" y" n «l«rantjnf- hare the better." rrc ^ " WfeU,my yanrisneariy told. jBiaxj «dl,:.who would leapennOess ^lptf^ .^a] Weren't for bis stepson, took " after paying some;hjng likee; awny. he" made string and t^e-ktt pAjgabkMOdBB Aiee^x^bo/^i'iaSi here tillUi money, is dsse^ " Oome, come, Beat* feller oouldn'tswaller all that maney"in.<* te wi dayaj said.ahe: man Srho bad beea addressed as Jim. *• I've,too wo* matrswallowlaiowof •ottagw in -fiVefl answer^Jfovis/'selenmly, ashe iwg of UxjW " "W^Fi^ year inxnJaaiSesliQq^ewalnabler npr venr company ]upr% for Barnwell,®* tbe 4ha4fl«Bo$ if -Lj^ wBHireak *»ayb b rftfnl ftf »™« «""> *n«n«y L and maketip my-jnind toJettbe oldwomin aid my young ijns. tek? careirfthemselves, Retail give me*'sweeter weh»n»e,* aniwered SJavis, ^"itV^aft ^ j JbmgbK": himself; flbat flattoad Barnwell got uie ^^^irite^^nm^a-ivw that^' luB^pt^-fiiiiil'lm ifi.Mwt H ' '— In thii world, there's not so after. DaVji^tad left ihe &liwk; : Panther, Httleigh Bozbtg^. catDe i^ Ohapel' road, on his way to L the- htrase In "whloh he lodged, half-way.betwflenByhajaand Millhaven, aod as he ps irt d ^the: inn J lie saw a" middleaged woman, deoently -tJad, eexiaing out of it, her faoe very whitejaadi tile, tears falling down ber cheeks. t^he^'iWMiW air of audi hopeless misery fa tha nooe xoman's whole appearaim-r •>o Tffftlfwl'fff hrlplfas thst leigh^T^inleheaMGWgMT^Wltb^tyjfo^ Iter^.wsa no rooM^foic neqolatiaK cause,ftlwwa^&osand; £aaMta«Migtenr«: as shew*^:Wa}kedl««n^ofi!iB« JhainnjWtth 3ta g^p ^ iniq^ nWqUfl^ inMid.aBQasditto bar-door. When sh«- bad -walkedr a £pw.?»oes; ahe stook and looked at ibe Blade Panther, as af imdeoided whether ^tfonor turn baek. It) ana thp^ .that Harleigh overtook her, and, taking Off his hat as he rtood-beside-her, said, - "I atar afiidd yon jae'ln trouble. Is%here O^^Mt^t^WwtaSrver rmto do," answeeed tbewotBaB.wlw bad a^soft, .{daintive •oiee,i3tnd ^apoke '4rith a' broad Lauasihire , aeeent^^KHy Jnon wei* away o^ Thursday .J neet ^aurentyjwaids; on him. - He aaid be man d^oatto Wackarra,'a plaee fifty or J ritty moile oat ^ town, and that he would be back on - Saturday lueet Or Sunday mom. Bnt lie hasnt ooom, Mad we're «frsid, my aon John and me, that hefe in the Black Panther." "Does.ie—is yoqr husband apt to be <ui' steady, then?" asked Hyleigh. "Happen now 'and again, Sir; but hie wor ' main careful and: peaceable for iuoc0n five months bade. My eldest aon is so hard-workia', and most niver tutesa drapV drink; he helps to keep his atepfatber -reet. You see, Sir, ISarry Barnwell is my.aeeond^ husband. Oh, fi be hag-faroke out wi' the .drink ww whei poor boy-is <lown wf a broken leg, and ~more^ half the money isjdua Jto peaFple who wotked-for 1 them!" ^ - - - "Haveyea-asked, thelandlerd ifyonr has; fcandb^ bie^at t^ihnainbeTbnraaay.^ " Yes^Sir J butbeju^ flared upandaudfie'd have iSp.tnman folk0 «dipe both^n'.ibQu^ and, •mm •^- ^bact to look ,alter my^tusbMui. lMm 4irect, ; had *he 0r h&,henc$ welL. But he wonnot answer; Ke believe Bome^pne was csllin' hin in, i^ Weiit out V -the bar. What can 1 do, Bit, if -spends "that money,'- and my poor boy not ablelo look after things g- — _ "Justwaitheraa little, «ra. BarnwelL- Hi so and a«k the landlord whether ypur hnsbarvi is on tte |aeBiisee. J ;If niot, ^im must see the wildwi'me^ur he's so violent when the drink is on him. garbage if yoa'reaogeod as to speak to Bataptai JifeOl be frighted to turn yoa Kway aabe 4flhewMeJf:*>:i -a- = "x i • J Har^eiaWwitboPt Jnrifeher delay^ strode backto the Black Panther, and mut-Jnat'S) side, door which stood Opan.' fie found' himself in a long narrow.: psaasgr, dimly lit by a kerosine lamp that was burning above the door:—A. redfaoed iKmM iladirty fibunoed £lk«hd^a huge mass df-fstiehwiV flrdupwilh-ajflaiMngTibbMi atood at^tbe don nf a «peoing^«n the passage tottfibHeft hand. . ••• - • ^ o "I want io ,-the-' landlord .-for few xrtomeoW? aaid Hariroeh.addrosringthfaiiwoman. ~t u Will yon step in here, and ril cend 'tain to' you," ahe answered, eyeing the visitor with a balf-suspieioua glance. r Harleigh stewed -into the room as desired. It was a amall parfonr. with « aquare table in; the ninw, <m : whteh -tbere were one or ^wo empty^Leqamters,4 greasy pack of cards, soine . Boiled fllswrsj sjed- tatg. pipes jtherewerea few. cane-tpttomfid ^mbib ^ouad the table, frayed Indian,roat^ng on the flow; an the mantelpiece a tallow ^candle ina;dirty tin candlestick was burning in a jowapUited - aort of: way,.. ,The( atmocphere of the plaoe reeked with tl^ beavy fumes., of tohacoo and,, spirits. Through the half-open, 4pqr came thejaound of muttered cones,-and drunken daughter. Presently the landlozd oame in. He reoognised Harleigh *t; once, and an evil light came inte bis eyea. Before he had time to oay anything Harleigh spoke. "Excuseme for trespaniog on your time; X want to know whether Mr. Barnwell has been bere since ThnrrJay last, >«r if he is now on your premises The clergyman's stately bearing, calm manner, and businesslike speech rather staggered the psHiwh, vothafhe did mot bant ant with the hasty expletives which first roee to his lips. But there was an accent of tumistakaUe fury in btt-aoane yoioe as he answered in a loud blustering tone, 'Td just like to know what right you h^ve to come pryin* into my place arter my «ustomt>n. IX yon wants a glass of beer or rum. or .colonial wine, or any other licksr, Tm ready to ohey your orders." " r. .. AM the landlord spoke there waa a heavy shuffling step in the piosage; It paused at the door, and then, in a state u partial nsdresS, a powerful-looking man, tall, and stoutly built, with bloodshot eves, dishevelled hair, and twateady gait,came in. ".. " Bampton, Bampton; I say, Bampton, Where's that money f* be aaid in a rapid thick voice, looking round him .with a half-frightened stare. One quick glance at the landlord's faoe, with its look af mingled rage and consternation, told Harleigh alL (• « Harry Barnwell, oome away home with me," be said in a firm gentle voioe, laying bis hand on the man's ahoolder, and looking bim full in the faoe. " Home to the old woman, d' yon mean ?"said Barnwell, with a dark frown, thrusting his bands with a dazed look into his trousers pockets. "Yes, home to your wife and children; you bave been away since Thursday; they are frightened about you; they want you to take care of them, to wade for them—to love them." Harleigh spoke these words with slow deliberation, his hand stilljesting on the man's shoulder. " If you're aoft-sawdered over in that manner you're a. bigger fool than I took you for," aneered the landlord, drawing nearer to Barn- Well. An angry Hush rose on Harleigh's face. It was at snch momenta that the aid military habit of commanding impliait abedienoe, of instantly quelling the impertinence of sn inferior, was apt to reassert itself. " I don't think you quite understand your position in tbjs matter," be said to Bampton, with sharp incisiveneSs. " "What motive hare yon :f«r-keeping Mr.Barnwell away from bis family? He came here with a considerable sum of. money in his possession. If It is tost, who is accountable for it ? 4 " Zioat—my money lost!" repeated Barnwell moodily. " But don't ypa see, ifs not my money," fumbling in His pockets with trembling bands. " Gone." be said with a low cry, as all at onoe his confused besotted mindgrssped the terrible thought. ,He_ «|nk down on a chair trembling in every limb, looking round the room, peering with aterrified air into the corners which the insufficient light of the solitary candle threw into Bembrandt^sque shade. u If you mean's that five pan' note I changed or -you yesterday" . The landlord had time to say v&m;&JS;&te; QN&*J>n j&fn;&jon; im with the for; of -a hungry lion. " You haw my money s you havfc it, gi»e it to me-— • • it to met - - i»' cried, Ins-whale frame coo* .3d with passion, the strength of a-giant in anas. Bunpton.had &ot; kept a pnbliohouse for twelve years without knowing what the set lookjm Barnwell's face mednt. k Oomef oome mate, if yoa're really, sober, uid able to take care ot yourself and your money, why 'you can have it," he said in a wheedling tone. Barnwell relaxed bis hold while the landlord-drew a soiled Russian leather pocket-book from a breast- pocket. ~ •^In course. now you're sober," he said coolly, ^banding a coll of jnotes to Barnwell, "you'd -Jietter : keep -lt yoBMtJf, atad if you take tny adrioe yotftl not foel-St away on paswmsea'nor ch<^tes. v ' Hatleigh could not fotbear a smSe at fiiii Jlhrtuft, and seeing that Barnwell looked of^te «ober, as be slowhr fliMmted his moteey oVer. he left the'BlaekTaBther, flowed by a lpnV A vindietiVe hatredteHn thelaadlord. , At a litSe distahoe frotn the idn Bahlwdl's wife «till stpod, wnTjqtwly wafting the rasolt ol the ctegymsn's ^risit 1 to fee tokse. Her heait sank wbehahe aaw liim ^eiKne'^uthalon^. Bat be had-scarcely tedd • heir that lie had: seen hsr htisband #hen the' latter ; eaine out <^ ttie inn. - ^ Ohj Blr.linw^caii ^ thank ybo," BhiB ^egan, the tears stsrting'in hOT fe jwl • - -Bat Hsrleigb'took herhana in his,and raising bisihat iiaid, •'l-want to Ipiow^your «m. I shall eomeabd oee yon to-mi»rrow afternoon, if \- 1 I ahall be bmy too glad. Sir, and- so will my bpy," answered Sfrs. -Bsin'wellwarmly. looking lb^ WM <irlta o a downeaat -fatte' and rlagging steps'approablftid ihenv and'^witji a partying! salole^nr the Tinhapipy Wife he' went on toi^rds lib lodging •f^ith a^addened tobk <m tis face. ^lilways'tte'samjB old story," he thougbt ; J^aiji imd^tseiy Tabounaing :oneveryside,and nwheri •we'^tay to-Traike -one little oorner Iesa rfnful, less inistiralAe, we are for ever confronted with f^ov^wbefiiAug'cational vice, with places like her^-lioensed'' centres; *K pai^erfstii, crtrne, ibid luB&cy-;^Sbwn' broadcast " the <»mmtmtty^ <wrfii~tlieir d^sdlatllnfftrade ^ bnniTOliv^andhamajn sotps." (T?it cojndkSttL 