MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB I SPRING MEETING. The spring meeting of the M H C was held at Flemington on Saturday, and notwithstand- ing that there was a lengthy and attractive programme, the attendance was far below what was anticipated His Excellency and suite were on the ground during a portion of the racing eight horses went out for the Handicap Hurdle Race, for which Rhesus was made a warm favourite, Don Pedro being also backed Marie ran round the hurdle entering the straight, and was pulled up Black Prince, who ran well forward from the start, won easily, Don Pedro being second, and the favourite a bad third For the Corinthian Handicap, for gentlemen riders, the Cap horse Robbie Burns was installed first favourite, but backers again had a bad time of it Pirate ran first, with Sea King second, and Terrific third, Robbie Burns being a long way behind Owing to a mistake being made by the riders of the first and second horses in the Hunt Club Steeplechase by which two jumps were missed, and the fact of the third horse not having been placed by the judge, the race was run again after the Flying Stakes The first race was won by Nimbook, with Syphon Second, ridden by Mr J O Inglis and Mr J Simson respectively The second time the same horses made the running, with Young Deceiver lying third, for a mile and a half At the scraping sheds the last named came away, and challenging Nimbook, beat him cleverly at the finish Hands Down turned heels over head at the post and rail fence opposite the stand, and it was at first thought Mr Chirnside was injured, but he was loudly cheered as he mounted the saddle again after being dragged from under the horse The Handicap Flat Race was won by the uncertain Napper Tandy, The Ghost who was the favourite, running second, and Cantala third Intrepid was backed for the Open Steeplechase, but he was never in it from the start, Euchre, who was backed by the stable, won a very good race from Actress by two lengths ,Nunnjkirk won the Selling Race, beating the favourite Buzza. Prince George won the Flying Stakes in fine style, with Tangle second, Lesbia third, and the rest in a bunch The following are the particulars of the I racing - HANDICAP HURDLE RACE, Of 60 sovs. About two miles. Mr. W. E. Power's br g Black Prince, 6yrs, 8st. 7lb. (King Mr. N. Webb's b) h Don Pedro, 4 yrs, 9st. Dib. (Batty). - S. Mr. T. Nagbton's b g Rhesus, aged, lOjt. Dib. (Floyd's Mr. N. Webb's b g Young Alfred, aged, KM. 61. (Jellett). 0 Mr. O. Barnett's ch g Young Dollar, aged, Dit. 12lb. (Wilsons Mr. J. Griffin's ch m Marie, 6 yrs, 6st. (Kilduff) 0 Mr, J. Coldham's b h Noonday, aged, 9st. 10lb. (Robinson) . - .. 0 Mr W. T. Coyle b or br g Dutchman, aged, 9st. 7lb. 0 Betting 5 to 4 agst Isthmus, 4 to 1 Don Pedro. At the fall of the flag Black Prince got away In front, followed by Don Pedro, Marie, and the rest together. Passing the sheds Marie assumed the load on the outside Black Prince dropping back to Don Pedro. Entering the rails the first turn Maria ran round the hurdle, and was pulled up. Don Pedro went on In front past the stand, with Black Prince second, Dutchman third, Rhesus fourth, and the rest straggling. At the river turn Rhesus drew up, and challenging Black Prince the two came away from the field very fast; The favourite, however, could never reach Black Prince, and he won comfortably. Don Pedro, who ran forward throughout, came fast lathe straight and beat Misses by two lengths for second place. Time, Sm. D9Js. COBINTHIAN FLAT RACE. A Welter Handicap of CO sors. Open to all horse'. To be ridden by members or hon. members of the Melbourne Hunt Club, members of the Victoria Racing Club, or Victoria Amateur Turf Club. About three quarters of a mile. Mr. A. R. Inglis ns hr h Pirate (late Richmond), 5 yrs, list 4lb. (Mr. J. O. Inglis) J Mr. T. Jones's ch h Sea King, 6 yrs, 11st. 8lb. (Mr. Danes). -. 2 Mr. J. M'Phall's b h Terrille, G yrs, 8st. Dib, (Mr. A. Chirnside) .... 8 Mr. V. Macpherson's br h Robbie Burns, aged, 12st. 12lb. (Mr. T. Watson). Mr. R. Sevior's b m Adele, 4 yrs, 10st. 12lb. (Mr. J. Simson) 0 Mr. T. Cbamnej's b g Napoleon, 6 yrs, 11st. 7lb. (Mr. O'Donnell). - 0 Mr. J. G. Reid's br m Diana, 6 yrs, 10st. 7lb. (Mr. Duffett). Betting 3 to 1 Robbie Burns and Boa Kings to 4 Pirate Diana was quickest on her legs, but the rest in a bunch had caught her before she reached the tan. Hero Terrific led the van, with Pirate next on the outside, Sea King and Adele occupying good positions. At the distance Mr. Inglis drew out the whip on Pirate, and be shot to the front, winning by a good length from Sea King, Terrific a fair third ; then came Adele, Diana, and Napoleon, and Robbie Burns a bad last. HUNT CLUB CUP (STEEPLECHASE). A Welter Handicap Steeplechase. A gold cup, with 50 SOVS, added, and a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each for starters. For bona fide hunters, approved by the committee of the Main 0 Horses that have started In any steeplechase since 1st September, ISfcO, must have hunted five times this season. The handicap to be made by the committee of the MILES. To be ridden by members or hon. members of the Melbourne Hunt Club, or members of any recognised Hunt Club, to be approved of by the Stewards. About two miles and a half, over such course as the stewards may appoint Mr. 0 W. Shaw's b g Young Deceiver, aged, 12st. 4lb (Mr. J. Simson). Mr, J. O. Inglis's br g Nimbook, aged, 11st. 10lb. (Mr. J. O. Inglis) 2 Mr. W. Martin's Siphon, aged, 12st. 7lb. (Mr Watson). 8 Mr. A. Dowling's b g Hands Down, 6 yrs, list 10lb. (Mr. CliitntWc) .... _ 0 Mr. G. Glasscock's b g Skylark, 5 yrs, 11st. 10lb. (Mr.GlnsscocM 0 Mr. A. Miller's than Edith, aged, 11st (Mr. M'Coj) o Betting.-6 to 4 Syphon, 3 to 1 Nimbook, 6 to 1 Skylark, Owing to the riders of the first and second horses making a mistake in the course, and missing the jumps before entering the straight (and no other horse having been placed the stewards ordered the race to be run again as if there had been no race. On the fall of the flag the first time Saxon went away with the lead, followed by Young Deceiver; next came Syphon, Edith, Nimbook, and Skylark. At the fence opposite the abattoirs Young Deceiver ran round, but was got over at the second attempt, and went on in pursuit. Pass in the sheds Edith worked her way in front, having Saxon and Syphon as attendants, the others in the order named. At the training ground Edith baulked, and Saxon went on in front, the favourite lying close. At the fence near the distance post, Syphon was quickest over, and led past the stand, the order of the others being the same. Edith baulked again at the jump opposite the end of the lawn, and at the next jump came down. Rounding the first turn Nlm. book set sail after Syphon and Saxon, and at the river had run into second place. At the fence opposite the stand Skylark came down heavily, and was out of the race. Nimbook passed Syphon at the abattoirs, and a fine race ensued between the pair to the straight, and Instead of jumping the last two fences they came home together. Syphon firing at the distance post, Saxon went the course, but was not placed by the judge. The stewards ordered the race to be run over again after the Flying Stakes, and Nimbook went out a strong favourite. Bacchus and Saxon, who are in the first race, did not start. Nimbook went away with the lead, followed by Young Deceiver and Syphon. At the abattoirs Young Deceiver led by a length, and jumped more kindly than in the first rate. At the sheds, Nimbook again passed Young Do silver, and the order was then Hands Down, Sky. lark, and Edith. At the jump near the tan Edith baulked, and was not persevered with. Young Deceiver passed Nambrok at the stone wall, and led away round the first turn by two lengths, Syphon being a long way behind. Hands Down fell heavily at the Jump near the judge's box, and appeared to come down on Mr. CblruBldo. He was, however, only caught by the legs, and was loudly cheered as he remounted the horse. At the far turn Nimbook again assumed command, and Syphon came up to Young Deceiver. passed him, and challenged Nimbook. The pair- raced together at the abattoirs, where Young Deceiver again began to draw up. Coming into the straight the three were together, but Syphon tired. Young Deceiver caught Nimbook at the distance. and though Mr. Inglis persevered with him, he could never catch Young Deceiver, who won by two lengths. HANDICAP FLAT RACE, Of 20 sons. Open to all horses. About one mile. Mr. D. S. Wallace's br h Napper Tandy, G yra. Bit. of. (O'Brien).'.. and Mr. J. Thompson's room chh The Ghost (late Salis- bury), 4 yrs, 7st (8lb. (O. Williams) 2 Mr. H. Burrell'! 161 or br I Captain, 2 yrs, Gat 111. (Walker). Mr. J. Brewer's br g Supple Jack, aged, 8st 4lb. .(SulllYMi) 'J 2 2. of 0 Mr A Smith a br m Minnow, 4 yrs, Sat 10lb (0 Jones) 2 2 g Mr J Leek g ea h Soothsayer, 6 yrs, Sat 5lb (A. Minnett) . 2 g Mr E.E. Jones a one Greyhound, 3 yrs, 7st rib (Cracknell) 2 n Mr J B. Cow oil br h Women, i yrs, 7st 7lb . (Cashen) - - (, Mr J Whittingham's or br h Chatterer, 4 yrs. 8st. 10lb (Murphy) Mr J Harper's g m JoflopUlno, < yrs, 7st 2lb (T Barr) 0 Mr T Jones' ch is So King, 6 yrs, 8st lil Betting 5 to 2 legs The Ghost, 3 to 1 agst Chut fever 4 to 1 agst Josephine Chatterer tot away with the lead, follow ed by The Ghost, then came Kaj or and in the centre of the ruck, Josephine, Ween, Grey 1 amid, Canada, and the rest in a bunch At the abattoirs the Great ran into first position, Chatterer next, and Joseph Ino bei Ung the roar did 1 sion At the turn into the severally Chatterer had again assumed con- maud, TI e Uhust falling back to third place and running very wide Entering the straight, Napper Tandy came away tron the centre division passed the thresholds of horse f d won as he liked 61 altered die away at the distance post and though V Adams on Tho Choat made a great effort to co are not reach the winner Cant is a time test at the 0 finish, and ran into third place in a lot 14s OPEN fellArLLUIAbi A handicap sweepstakes of 3 sovs each for starters, with 100 Sovs added Over such course as the stewards may appoint About two miles Mr It HowiosbgEuchre Gyss On. 12th (Scoble) Mr H Currell a eh in Actress aged Oat (Wall) 2 Mr R Cameron br (, Mariner aged, lOst lib (M'Leod) 0 Mr P Glenister's br g Right Rev or, aged, 10st. (M'Inness) 0 Mr R Yeend II g Intrepid, aged 12st 7lb (Floj 1) 0 Mr M Moran's resulted Love, aged, Oat 12lb (Grace) 2 0 Messrs J and J M Clune a br li Postmaster, Set 5lb (Williams) 0 Betting 6 to 4 agst Introiid, I to last Euchre and Mariner, 7 to 2 agst First Love The start was slow, Euchre, Intrepid and Actress getting away In front, Postmaster and First Love being very slow Intrepid came down heavily at the second fence but was quickly remounted and went on At the Felix Euchre was in front, with Right Bower and Actress in attendance, then came First Love Post master, and Mariner, and the favourite a long way behind, Jumping unkindly The same positions were maintained to the river turn, where Euchre was leading Right Bower by half a length Opposite the course the old home raced Euchre at the obstacle, and came down heavily M Jones was thrown some distance, and the horse galloped the remainder of the course riderless At the sheds Euchre was still leading with Actress four lengths away, then came First Love, and Postmaster last. The positions were not altered Euchre was ranges he liked, a considerable distance separating the second and third horses Time, 4m 141! HANDICAP SELLING STAKES, Of CO BOYS. The winner to be sold for 100 Sovs It for 80 Boys , allowed 7lb off handicap weight, it for GO BOYS , allowed 10lb , if for 40 seven, allowed 2lb and if for 20 SOVS , allowed 2st Nominators to state selling price at the time of acceptance Acceptance 2 SOVS About five furlongs Mr J C Head b g INunnyklrk, aged, 9st. 7lb (Cracknell) I Mr J Cripps bg Bed Light, 6 yrs, Oat 7lb (J Barr) 2 2 Mr J O Inglis's b g Buzza, 4 IIB, 7st 7lb Father) O Betting -2 to 1 on Buns The favourite was first away, with the other two in close attendance At the distance Nunnyklrk came very last, and won as he liked, Buzza being a bad last Time, 1m 5 There was no offer for îvuunyklrk, and he was returned to his owner FLYING STAKES, Of 60 Sovs For two years old colts 7st 10lb , fillies 7st 8lb About half a mile Mr J V hlttingham s b or br 0 Prince George, by Irish King-street 7st 10lb (Murphy) 1 Mr W Pearson s b f Tangle 7st 5lb (Williams) t Mr S Mahon s br f Lesbia 7st. Gib (Cracknell) 3 Mr S G Cook's bcSclplo 7st, 10lb (Davies) 0 Messrs Robertson and Wagner's b c Teheran, 7st 4lb Williams) 0 Mr It 8 V Wallace s b 0 Sir Charles, 7st 10lb (O Brien) 0 Mr J Simpson's br c Sinking Fund, 7st 10lb , (Morrison) a Mr F H Stubley g b Miss Paolo, by Panic, 7st 5lb (nales) 0 Mr F H Stubley s br c Comet 7st 101 b (Reid) 6 Mr W Branch s br c Anson 7st 10lb (St Albans) 0 Mr J I elections b c Whitehorn, 7st 10lb (Hughes) - 0 Mr J Patterson's b f Bessie Cluden, st, lb (Connell)) 3 Mr T Charon; s b of Avon Tut Mb 0 Mr J M Grade s b c And High 0 Mr H Burrell a b f Nalia, 7st 5lb (Croker) - O Mr R Burrell B bil Noko 7st 5lb (U Doondi) 0 Betting -3 to 1 agst range, 4 to 1 agst Prince George The colours of Tongio and Avon were first to show in front, Prince George getting away badly Oro sing the tan, Lesbia colours were conspicuous for a moment, and then Tangle led the field Avon made his attempt after passing the distance but was unable to get up Prince George came on the outside under the whip, and gaining on Tangle in every strike, beat him on the post Lesbia third Avon fourth, Sir Charles filth, and the rest tailed off Time, fJOjs. 