Iloud & sunshine CHAPTER X. It was a chill evening at the end of October mhen the Earl and Countesa of Caraven reached '32&,Te2.Bmcre, No preparations bad been made to receive wad welcome them. There wag no gather fog of tenantry. The eaxl'B tenants simply ?detested the aou_d of his name. They had been no heavily burdened, so taxed and tormented by the earl's confidential agent Mr. Blantyre, that ithey had no welcome left for his master. They considered him an unjust landlord, and they did anofc scruple to say bo. There were no glad shouts »f welcome for him; even the eurly-headed children Lad heard bo often of the earl's folly and taaglecfc that they had no cheer for him when his ^arriaga drove through the street* of Court j!Bafeii. K or was there any warm welcome from jthe servants. They were most of then, new ones ;- ;?£ the eld ret&wc-rr; hid died ©ff or gone awayi the jearl Had never re; laxsed them. The house had be jcome dilapidated; the servants were few, the ietables empty. It was all different now, John Blantyre had had jcrfe blanche. The interior of the castle had been ..£.'-? autified, decorated, and refurnished-; well ftraint J servant* had been brought from London ; the stable* had been filled. There waa * general air of prosperity tbout the place, bo that tho earl jJiardly knew it. 8 gain. Did Lord Caraven miss the -weloome? Did he jpee that he \~as disliked by his tenants, that hia (Servants seemed to have no interest in him? Did &t; strike him that a, life of self- indulgence always ifcrings its own reward? Lady Caravan gazed with wonder at the magnificent home ?which was to be ihcra. The first words she said to her husband Hrere 'I had no idea that Ravensmere-waaao large.1 He )^ked half increduously at her. : ' Did you not really feel interested - enough in Jthe place to aBk about it ?' he inquired. ' I was very much interested in it,' she replied iqriafcly, 'bat I never thought of asking any jQuescionB.* ' - i should have fancied that you would know all ?about k-, he said, 'the number of rooms and their jconteatB. I em surprised that you do not.' i-he diu not iu the least understand tat) drift of vhi- -'-.;*de. That he should ev«r fancy that she yr&s; mercenary, that nhe wanted the full value for ail the money ehe had brought' him, never joceurred to her. It was but a sorry welcome home. The earl felt !hnmili_tc?-i, disgraced. He remembered to have .aeard hie fatLer epiak of the rejoicings wiien he 3iad brou^lit his young wife home — how that fair :br:de, his mother, had listened with tears in her jeyes to the cheers and the cries of welcome — how she had clasped her husband's hand, saying, ' We will deal with them as we wish Heaven to deal With, a?,' Uow lie had brought Mb wife home, and ?nota cheer waa raised for him; there was not a ?cry ol welcome, not a, smile. Strange voices greeted hira, efci-nge faces surrounded him. His ;Tjvi£e looked ead and wistful. A brilliant fire wsb (burning in all the rooms, while a chill gray fog i-ung like a pall without; but the bright fires and *ne bright light oocld not give warmth of their ?reception. They dined together almost in silence. Lord Caraven did not tell his wife what a comfort he i'eic it to eee the family plate ones nore in use. Hildred was slightly overwhelmed by the magnifi cence of «verythjng around. How little she dreamed that h«r fortune had preserved the grand old piece from utter ruin — that but for her the massive piafce, the beautiful pictures, even the old ?trails themselves, would have passed from the Caravena, and the family name wouid have been ?written in the duet ! Perhaps aotne each thought occurred to him as lie looked at the sweet face before him ; perhaps that thought ms.de kitn feel a little more kindly towards HiLdred. After ail, ehe had saved him from ruin. He might think trhat he would of her — she was a money-lender's daughter — she had been given t* liitn with her money in exchange for hi* title and. position — her father was cunning, sbj-etrd^and mercenary^ unscrupulous and ambitious — yet she ~ hhd certainly saved kirn from the blackest rain that could fall on mortal mam. It made him feel a little more kindly towards her, but he did not love her — nothing was farther from his thoughts ; still he remembered that but for her he would aev-er have seen Etf'PT--'jiare again. That gave Miu. the idea that she too was en titled to ec_ie consideration. He had told her father frankly enough that he should never like __ier, and he knew that he never should. But the ^nc-icy 6he had, brought him had saved him from Xcum. He ought to study her comfort and be ?grateful to her. After dinner was over, instead of Hungering over his claret, he joined her in the ™ c I have been thinking,' he began, * that yon ?would like to eee the house ; some of fcheroome are Tery handsome, some of the picture* very fine.'* ' I should be very pleased/ ehe said gently. *I have been thinking, too, that you ought to Ihave-ycmr choice of rooms. My mother used a iVery-Jbeantifal suite in the western wing. You ehallisee atlac-i judge for yourself.' i . ' I should; not like them to be very far away from ihe rest of t&e; household,' she said. ' Do you believe in the Eavenemere ghosts ?' he lasked laughingly. : ' I have nevjsr heard of them. But in a large I house like this tl should not care to feel that I was 'tioite alone.' ' You shall choose for yourself/ he said briefly. Perhaps the hour that followed was the happiest [Hildred had known since her marriage. At the (Hotel Meurioe, although he had been careful to ekow her every kindness, he had not thought of ;her cr studied her. At Jtavensmere it was quite [different. The servants, he knew, would watch -him cicsely, and w oniyl make their own comments ]on his behaviour; aind, if they saw that he lElighted his wife, theyvroald imitate his example ;quickly enough. ThatUae would not allow. She yras only a money-lender's daughter — a w«man 'whom he could never like — but she had saved ihim from ruin; she shouUd at least be propsrly re *pec,ted. c If ail this were on tb,e verge of destruction,: end one woman came fortward to save it, what, iwouidyou call hex?' ' I should call her the good »ngel.of the itrase/ ehe replied, not having theileast idea -that he was referring to her. : He bowed to her. . ? ' That shall be my aamt f*r yon/ h«*said. -' Yon £hall be the good angel of the house.* She had chosen her rooms in the western wing ?—rooms that opened on to a broad beautiful terrace — from t&e; windows of whieh one saw feleasa-t glimpses of gardens and. distent land scape. The housekeeper Mrs. Hampton showed jfaer qpecthe whole suite. Lady Caraven *pref erred {these. 'You will be lonely^ my lady/ eheaaid; 'most of theJLadics Caravan have preferred the eastern 'wingf.' Hildred thought to herself that -thsrohad never 5-een another Lady Caraven lik« her. She had Jbeon married — so It seemed from the words her Jrnsband had just spoken — for her money; ehe was cot there because she was beloved by the master of the house, but simply as ah appendago of her money. It mattered but littU what rooms she. chose; she did not at present even feeVso much at Iiomc as did the eerranta in the house. ' Your ladyship has decided thenon this suite ?* eaidthe hooeskeeper. Lady Caravan did not even hear her; she was tookingr sadly round tho rooms. How many rears ?would this be her hoaeP How man/long weary hoars of suspense and pain would she pass here ? 9 Would she soon tire of th« gildfed splendour P She ~ would be always alone— her roome always.«11«nt pud dasolate; no loving face would brighten them, no glad voices cheer them. Alone all her life ! No wonder tkat.Bhefturned with a sighfrom, the flower-wreathed window. - The heasekteper looked curiously at theyoung face 'with tbe sed ew«et eyes ' Yta have decided, my lady, upon thoaa rooms P* Shedsepaated. 'Yea/ caid the young conntesaj 'J prefer them to any others. And I will remain here-now while . - my bo«s are anpaefced. I will not go down, ?gain.* His. .HamptOB thought her deoisioDjrtraogo ia r deedi 1% was the yonng wife's first evening ui her hmsbeiLd% home, yet ahe preferred remaining .- alone^n Eer owikcooiu traiii* he wuaione damn ? ?ieiHt*. . '^hall I take that message to the earl f ' she asked. Lady Caravan looked up in seme surprise. 'Oh, no !' she replied'. ' Lord Caraven will not expect me.* And the housekeeper, who was a shrewd woman In her way, thought that it seemed a strange kind of marriage where husband and wife preferred solitude to each other's society. 