DEAD AND ALIVE-A ROMANCE OF THE TAY BRIDGE. It was a cold, tempestuous aftex-noou, and Ciiarlie Pendered, commercial traveller, sat' looking out of the window of a first class - carriago, as the train rushed through bleak ? and desolate scenery to its destination in the - far North, feeling supremely uncomfort- ? table. He was cold, he waa hungry, he was mise rable. He had parted on bad terms with his wife on the previous day, ho was worried ;^nd pressed for money by ravenous creditors ? who had no bowels of compassion, and he l|ad been an utter failure as far as commer- . cial travelling was concerned. ' This journey to the North was the first lie had made for the firm on whoaa behalf he was ' now travelling, and as, beyond his expenses, \ he was only to have a commission on the actual business done, Charlie was nut very sa'i»uine of doing himself ruucli good. He was the last man in the world tvha ought to havo turned bagman. Ho was a sensitive, nervous, delicately-nurtured your.g . man, who, up to lm one-3ftd- twentieth ' birihday, had never earned a penny, but had always cherished tho idea that his forte was literature. Charlie Pendered would havo gone on writing stories for nothing and living at home ' \yith his.father for years, perhaps, if two events had not happened which altered tho complexion of affair3< Cftarlie foil in love with and married Miss Coralie Da Lorme, a remarkably pretty . young lady, who, like tho famous heroine of : comic song, Danced on her toes, And wore spangled clothes. ? in tho crowded ranks of the ballet at the;, Royal Alhambra Theatre. No 0110 could j say a word.against Coralie De Lorine, except that her real name was Carrie, Smith. Sho , worked very hard, not, as poets always make - ballet-girls-work, to keep an aged mother, ; b,ut to contribute to the family treasury. ? Her father was an unlucky actor, who had , about ono month's engagement per annum, aiid her mother had been a governess,; but they had fallon" on evil, days,-and all they . were able to give, their little daughter was a decent education at home, and to get lier taught dancing and singing in the lippe of' - getting her on the stage in burlesques and . pantomimes. The singing was a failure, but . ; at the dancing > Carrie made good progress. That being her, ,6nly accomplishment, she t was put in the ballet, and stopped there, . working up gradually from tho E:ist End to the, Alhambra. It .was not at tho theatre - Charlie , met her, but at the house of an old pro, who livo iu Packington street, and was ; a friend of the Smith.family. Charlie used to go and smoke pipes with this old fellow a Bohemian mummer of an almost extinct school-and take great delight in listening to ; hjs stories of the stago, metropolitan and pro- . vincial, in tho good old days before uuchtsses sons took to low comedy, and fashiuuablo beauties hinted a desire to go on at a regular ; " show " for. a weekly salary. '. Who can account for the mysterious in- - Alienees which attract men :i;.d women to each other, and end iu what is known in - drawing-room dialect as a mesalliance ? Why do rich women marry poor men ! Why , do handsome men marry ugly women ? Why , do earls wed housemaids, and aged million- \ ariesses lead blushing boys to tho altar i , I'm sure I can't say, and I don't know that , I. need trouble to find out. I know that Charlie Pendered, well born, quiet, and highly cultured, fell in love with aud married Carrie Smith alias lliss Coralie De Lorme, of the Roy;il Alhambra ballet, aud that lu3 father, an .irascible old gentleman, swore , when he heard.tho news as terribly as our , armies did in Flanders, aud shut the door iii his son's face, telling him to do the best ho . could, for while, he lived no. money of his sliould go towards, assisting a Pendered menage that Jiad a ballet girl in it. Then Charlie, having a wife, and declining ' to; allow that wife to stand on her toes and piroutte in short skirts, any longer, found it necessary, to. do something himself, and took ., the only berth, which he could get. ,He started as a commercial traveller in town, and it was his.duty.to walk, into hair dressers' shop's and persuade tho principal . that tho hair rostorer manufactured by tho firm ho represented was the finest hair re- - stprer in the world; But Charlie didn't do yeiry well at tha_ game. . He wis nervous arid retiring, and.if ho entered a suop, and the. master,mistook him for a customor, and wa^polite, Charlie,hadii't, the plucK to say- . he didn't. want ..to .buy.b.t to sell-so, in answer to the " What c.»i: I.i o for you, sir i" he would mutter "A s...-cpenny tooth-brush pleaso," or :'',a pot of bear's grease," put down hi3 money, and walk out of the shop like a lamb. : You-caneasily imagine that Ciiarlie didn't keep that place long, or make much money. He had'thirty ehillityB a week salary, and _ gave it .its should be "Ld. Thr<;e weeks .a the young gentlomau ..ale distance of delirium JESS2SISI5T~he always found himself tasting ypeople's wiues instead of soiling his n#n. During this thno poor Carrio was moping at home. She fancied she had married a gentleman of independent means, and she was really very fond of Charlie, so that wh'^'iA Bho found his father had quarrelled w'^n him, and that lie would have to living, all through her, she a a very much dis tressed. Things, however, got a little brighter by and by, for, pleased with young Pendered's inauners and appearance, a firm in the City took him on as their regular traveller, at a Balary and all expenses paid. But he had to leave his home, and travel all over the coun try, sometimes boing away two whole months at a streteh ; and this made poor Carrie foel vory lonely and miserable, especially in the long evenings. It was in these lonely hours that she would think of the tinsel, the gaiety, aud color of the old stage life, and sometimes ehe would have given the world to have passed through the old stage door, trotted into the crowcled dre3sing-room, put on her ballet costume, and have bounded on to the boards to tho sound of the merry music. But it was no good thinking of that. Slio was Mrs. Charles Pendered now, ami her husband was a gentleman, and some day, when his father was in good temper, Charlie would be able to give up the nasty travelling, and then they would be big swells. While Charlie was away oil these long journeys he too had time to think, and, ab sent from tho graces and charms that had won him, he sometimes found himself won dering if he wasn't paying too heavy a penalty for being the lawful husband of a pretty ballet girl. Of course slio was a nico girl, well educated, and lady-like-like Esther Eccles, who married George D'Alroy, only George D'Alroy didn't have to travel in hair-dye and wine and soap and blacklead, and all that eort of thing in order to support his wife. Given two beings, ono male aud 0110 female, married to'each other, each discontented, and cach brooding over tho idea of having- made R sacrifice in tho other's interest, the ultimate result is inevitable. Vesuvius slumbers long, but the torront of lava bursts forth at last. The domestic Vesuvius of tho Pondered memtgcslumbered long, but at last tho inevi table eruption occurred. Charlie was limine for a journey which had convinced him he was a duffer. Tho firm had given him a month's salary in liou of notice, and a little kindly advice to try some other vocation in life than that of commercial travelling. Carrie lu\d been offered an engagement for a provincial pantomime, where slio was to be JHWiiicrc danscusc, and wear a most beautiful dress, and have the limelight all to herself, with three changes of colour, and Charlie Insisted upon her refusing the offer. Then they had a row. Tho slumbering volcano orrnpted furiously. Charlie gave vent to his grievances, and Carrie to hers. Both of them had mado a great mistake. Each had sacriiiccd a career. As tho re proaches grew more personal, the heat of the lava increased, and at last the stream of re crimination was of that scorching character calculated to raise mental blisters on those whom over it poured. To a big row succeeded a long sulk ; and when, a day or two later, poor Charlie star ted as a forlorn hope on a journey to tho Horth as a commercial traveller on commis sion, he was thoroughly wretched and miser able. He and Carrie parted like naughty children who have quarrelled-neither would give in, or bo tile first to kiss, and so with a cold .*' Good-bye " tho young couple shook hands. Charlie went off to the station and Started North; and Carrie watched his cab off from the window, and then went into her bedroom and had a good cry. The train went whirling along on its wild journey. The weather was bitterly cold, the wind was blowing a huricane. Charlie, sit ting back in the carriage, tired out with many weary hours of travel, thought of tho great mistake he had made and wondered how his foolish marriage would end. After all, why should he bother himself like this ? Ho had repented-Carrie had re pented. Why shouldn't they separate 1 Carrio could earn her own living, and she evidently wanted to. Why tho dickens, in Order to support hor against hor will, should ho go rushing about selling soap to Scotch men i He wouldn't. He'd go back home. His samples had all been sent on to the town he was to start from, where his firm had an agency-let them stop there. Ho would go back home. At tho next station Charlie, acting on tho impulse, aud now utterly reck less, got out of the train, went straight to the best hotel, ordered a good dinner, and determined to enjoy himself. In his hurry to throw up his appointment, his mind had risen above petty details. His portmanteau was in the lnggage van, nnd ho had never claimed it. That evening, while Charlie Penlered sat in the warm, well-lighted coffee-room of his hotel, the train he had left sped on its way. It never reached the terminus it was bound for. That evening, long to be remem bered in tho annals of disaster, a famous bridge gave way, and the train, with its liv fright, was hurled down into tho stormy waters beneath. Only one wild shriek rout the darkness of the night, as the cruel waters closed over their prey, and tho next morning the whole country rang with tho ghastly news. Charlie Pendered heard it, aud he hold his peace. A wild idea had flashed across his mind. To all intents and purposes ho was In the ill-fated train. He had taken his ticket for the station across the tvater, his portmanteau was in the train, and he was expected by it on the other side. Hitherto his life had been a mistake. Here, then, was a chance to begin a new one. Charlie Pen dered had perished in tho " Great Bridge Disaster his father would not grieve, his wife would be rid of a chain that galled her, and he would bo ablo to make a fresh start in the world. Tho idea fascinated him. All that was romantic and morbid in his nature concentra ted itself round the idea. Yes> he would let the world believe him dead. For all but himself he slept the last sleep at the bottom of the Tay, or out in the far ocean, where the stream had borne. Tho money in his possession was just enough to take liim out of the country and keep him for a while. He would make a fresh start without encumbrance, but not as commercial traveller. That day he sailed from Glasgow for Rotterdam, and up in London his father aud his wife mourned him as dead. His name was published among the pas sengers by tho ill-fated train; ho never reached Dundee, his portmanteau was washed up, and all doubt was at an end. Though Ilia body was never recovered, it was beyond all question that Charles Pen dered's earthly career had been closed by the dark waters of tho Tay. There was a Vacancy for a commercial traveller in the soap line, and Miss Coralio De Lorme, late of the Royal Alhambra ballet, was a widow. A play had been produced at a London theatre, and its authorship was shrouded in mystery. That alone was an advertisement for it, but there was another element of suc cess in it apart from its intrinsic merit; a email part had, by tho talents of a hitherto unknownactress, been lifted into prominence. Tho critics raved about Miss Caroline Smith. Her portrait appeared in tho illustrated theatrical papers, and folks began to ask where she had been, and what she had done beforo. There was a whisper that Bhe was the daughter of an actor, but had hitherto been in the ballet. Tho same whisper said that Bhe had lost her husband, and after his death had studied hard iu order to got a Bpeaking part upon the stage. Whoever sho was, Miss Caroline Smith was a great success. So was tho play, aud tho moro people talked about it the loss seemed to be known about the author. At !a3t it crept out that lie was living abroad-in Germany-and that for some time past had been contributing largely to peri odical literature, and was making money. But no one had ever soen him. Miss Smith, tho new actress, was of course delighted with her triumph; and in her quiet little home, wliero she lived with her mother and father, she read the laudatory notices of the press over one by one, and yet she sighed. She was thinking of one whom she had dearly loved-her young husband, snatched from hor by a terriblo accident iu the first year of their married life. They had parted in angor, novor to meet again. Ha had left her with cold words on hia lips, and gone to his death. Oh, how she had thought of it all a hun dred timos Bince then 1 If he cuuld only have known how she really loved him, and how she had cried her eyes out directly his back was fcurued ! Now, when after many difiiculties, she 'nnd at last fought her way into a resectable position on the stage-no;;; Vvke)1 ^ ])0 longer a Uttio bn.l0t.glrlj but an R(.t ,ic uio\vle<_;_,(,c( to bo an artist by the press, could not know it. She fancied how different things would have been if ho could have been by now to road all tho beautiful notices, and see what Coralie, of tho tirat row of the Alhambra, had blossomed into. Mr. Pondered, senior, had been really dis tressed by the news of his son's death, and had made the amende honorable by oflering a helping hand to tho widow. But alio was too proud to accept it. She answered bitterly that but for his father's enmity Charlie might have boen alive now, and his repou tance came too lato. Tho old gentleman took it very much to heart, but ho was too proud to let his cha grin bo seen. He shut himseif up with his books and curiosities-ho was a great collec tor of coins and old editions-^-and quietly made his will in favour of his daughter-in law, determining that ho would be as gene rous to the dead as he had been unjust to tho living. Charles Pendered, the commercial traveller, had been drowned in the Tay, so that, of course, we have nothing to do with him ; but there was a gentleman about this time an Englishman-living in Dresdon, who came there very hard up soon after tho famous accident, got a berthas interpreter at 0110 of tho big hotels, and after a while left to go and iivo in cheap lodgings, and passed his timo in tilling shoots and sheets of paper with writing. These he sent away by post to England. Some of them came back a train, but some did not. In their place came a registered letter. This gentleman, in time moved from tho Cheap lodgings to better ones ; but still he was always scribbling on sheets of paper, which ho numbered and flung on tho floor as fast as he finished thom. He had one friend, a young German student, who visited him, and to this friend he communicated tho fact that he was gradually making a name in literature. " And I waut a name badly," he added with a laugh. It was to this young student that the writing Englishman one day communicated the fact that a play of liis had been accopted at a Londou theatre, and that he was to have £3 a night for it; When the play came out, and was a great success, tlie German student said to his friend, " You have made the name at last. Now will you not go over and see your play V' There was a strange look on the author's face. "I don't know what to do," ho said. " I should like to go and see it, but there are many reasons why I don't care to go to Lon don." " Ah, something in tho past ?" "Yes." But at last the desire to see the play he had written performed, the longing to listen to tho laughter and to drink in tho applause, was too strong for tho young writer, and he determined to go. The night before his de parture ho sat late over tho fire in the sitting room, and thought of tho past aud of the future. Fortune was before liini now-a fortune which he had no one to share with him. Once ho had a wife-in a moment of mad folly lie had divorced himself and com mitted suicide. Ho was a dead man. Perhaps over in England there was a gravestone in a church yard with his name upon it. What had be come of his wife '! Slio too might be dead married again, perhaps. The burthen of a buried existence began to weigh upon him now. He wanted to claim his old identity again, to rise from tho grave where lie had lain so long, and take his place among the living. " 1 dread this journey," he said to himself as he took his seat in the mail in the morn ing. "Goodness knows how it will end. 1 feel like a ghost goiug to frighten the liviug." It was the hundreth night of the famous play in which Miss Caroline Smith had made such a triumph. Before tho curtain rose it was whispered about in the dressing-rooms that the mysteri ous author had at last turned up, and that lie was in a stage box. The curtain rose and the play proceeded uninterruptedly till tho second act, in which Mies Smith first conies on tho sceno. The actress came tripping on, aud, just as she was about to spoak her first line, glanced toward the box whero tho mysterious author sat. There was a shriek from tho stago, and a cry from the box. Then the curtain was lowered, for tho actress had swooned on tho stage. She had recognised in tho author of the play the ghost of her husband who was killed in the terrible railway accident. Is it necessary I should tell you what fol lowed i How there was a complete recon ciliation ; how husband and wife were now proud of each othert and liow freely Charlie was forgiven for the ghastly trick which, in a wild moment, he had played upon those who loved him. Nor was the father less de lighted than tho widow to welcome back the lost one, returned as it were from the dead. To- day there is no happier couple than the author husband and the actress wife. For tune has smiled upon them since, and it will bo a long time before Charlie Pendered, who has quietly assumed his own name, and had his gravestone knocked down, will want to play at being dead again. There is nothing very wonderful in this Btory. The most remarkable thiug about it is that it is perfeotly true.-G. It. Sims. JFceldy Dispatch. 