Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men.—HUDIBRAS. IF handwriting is indicative of character, some reputed good men, have very bad characters. Thebk are degrees of badness. Rivarol once said of a criminal that he would make " a stain on mud." Bad temper is its own Boourge. Few things are bitterer than to feel bitter. A man'B venom poisons himself more than his victim. " Let me see," said some one to Tal/ourd on a cold winter day, " I believe you never wear a great coat?" "No," was the quick reply, never was." It is a curious fact that the things we don't have always seem to be the most desirable. The figs ont he other side of the hedge, say the Spanish, are far sweeter than any on this Bide. A Dutchman having recently heard rum called spirits, asked the waiter at an inn who had given him grog too much reduced, " Vatter tyfel for yon don't put blenty of ghosts on top of de vater f" "Thb New York World says : Poor Byng was shot, Voltaire Bald, "to encourage other British Admirals." Russian Czars and Ministers are slain " to discourage other Czars and Ministers." In Orantham churchyard we read : John P»f royman, who la buried ben, Wu aged fonr-and-twenty year; And near this place hit mother liet, Likewiie hia father, when he diet, Thus are 12,000 new words ready for the re vised edition of Worcester's dictionary. With such facilities (remarks the New Orleans Picayune) writers will have little difficulty in making them selves misunderstood. In 1864 there was published at Raleigh a oom mon school arithmetic with the problem: "If one Confederate soldier can whip seven Yankees, how many soldiers can whip forty-nine Yankees ?" and others of the same character. Bridget loves to boast of the big fruits she left behind her on the old sod. She was shown a price pumpkin weighing 3001b., and was asked how that would do for America. V Faith," said she," in Ireland we call them huckleberries." Richard Grant Whits claims (the Detroit Free Prat states) to have coined eighty-two words during the last year without affecting his health in the least, and there is some hope that by-and by he will speak in a language entirely his own. Old Lady : " Ob, Mr Hackles, you've stuffed my parrot very badly t All the feathers are coming out already I" Taxidermist: " Why, Lor 1 bless yer, mum, that's the perfection of stuffin 1 You know the moultin' season's now • oomin' dn' mum !" An American tourist was visiting Naples and saw Vesuvius during an eruption. " Have you anything like that in the New World f' was the question of an Italian spectator. " No," replied Jonathan, " but I guess we have a milldam that would put it out in five minutes." An ignorant candidate for medical hoaours having been thrown almont into a fever from his incapability of answering the questions, was asked by one of the censors how he would sweat a patient for the rheumatism? "I would send him here to be examined," he replied. " Hati you given electricity a trial for your complaint, madam I" asked the minister as he took tea with the old lady. " Electricity f" said she. " Well, yes, I reckon I has. I was struck by lightning last summer and hove out the window, but it didn't seem to do me no good." A San Francisco man has hit upon the bold and novel design of inventing a gallery of ancestral lineage. He has bought the family pictures of an impecunious German nobleman, and, in ordem to give them a certain family like* ness, has had the noses of the portraits painted out and his own, a very peculiar one, painted in. Artbmus Ward once found himself in a little Maine hotel, where the wind, coming through two broken panes in his bed-room, nearly froze him to death. He rummaged around the room, but could find nothing but a hoop-skirt, which he hung up against the window remarking, " it will keep out the coarsest of the oold anyway." A curious slip has occurred in a catalogue issued by a well-known bookseller. A work on block-printing is catalogued which is said to contain " sixty-nine engravings either from wood or metal, twelve of which bear inscriptions re presenting scenes of Christian mythology, figures of patriarchs, saints, devils, and other dignitaries of the Church." Exquisite salve for chilblains: A certain master of hounds sent as a New Year's present a paW de foie graa to a fanner in his locality, who, in acknowledging with much gratitude the reoeipt of the delicacy, assured the donor that since his wife had dressed her chilblains with the salve she had experienced the greatest possible relief. The French nation is noted for its politeness. At a dinner given recently by a wealthy banker one-half the guests were ladies. After dessert, the host lighted a large cigar. "Ladies," said he, blandly, " if there is any one of you to whom tobaoco is disagreeable she has my permission to leave." An ill-bred man would have said nothing. Thb base ball season has begun in earnest, (the Chicago Tribune remarks) and the papers of various cities are filled with glowing accounts of how nine brutal ruffians from some other place, assisted by a depraved and perjured umpire, succeeded in robbing the home club of the game. When the home club wins the umpire is a cultured gentleman and the opposing nine a combination of gifted young men who were temporarily unfortunate. Good Advicb.—A darkie named Jim Webster was brought up before an Austin justice of the peace. It was the same old charge that used to bother him so much in Galveston. After the evidence was all in, the judge with a perplexed look said : "But I do not comprehend, Webster, how it was possible for you to Bteal those chickens when they were roosting right under the owner's window, and there were two vicious dogs in the yard." " Hit wouldn't do yer a bit of good, jedge, fer me to eplain how I cotched dem chickens, fer yer couldn't do it yenelf if ye tried it forty times, and yer might get yer hide full of buckshot de berry fust time yer put yer leg ober de fence. De bes way fer yer ter do judge, is fur yer ter buy yer chickens in de market."— Texai Siftingt 