MY FIRST ADVENTURE— A WARN ING TO YOUTH. By Pbgfessor Tolmaque. That the vulgar, common and well- known three-card trick should form a portion of this narrative is simply because truth should form a portion, or rather the whole, of every story having for its object the amusement of the general public or a warning to youth. At. the age of thirteen I lost my mother — the truest, best and kindest friend -I ever had. It was then deter mined that I should be sent to fiuish'my education at some place — where situated it matters not here — and with a view to the carrying oat of this resolution I was sent on board a certain steamboat one not very finemorning, my fare to - — paid, and snfficient money famished me to defray"" the expenses of a rather long journey by coach which followed, the arrival of the steamer. And now com mences my first adventure, which, like the ghost of KiDg Henry in Richard III., is but the forerunner of many more. Descending the cabin of the steamer I beheld three gorgeously-dressed indi viduals (villany is not always dressed in rags), each with a small jeweller's shop on his person and a most benevolent expression of face, dispensing huge piles of gold and notes in the most dis- interesfed and free-handed mauner, and this by the aid of three inuocent little cards which evidently any of the by standers poald easily distinguish one from the other. I felt that I had fallen into good' company, and that, even at the very outset of my career, my lines hud fallen in pleasant places. Hold liard there. - As a conjurer I kuow a few things, and I feel qaiie sure most of my readers are this present moment condemning me for not detecting in men so gorgeous and bejewelled enemies to the human race. But I can answer my friends. In the days of which I write an excess of jewellery was quite the fashion, and even in sober England gentlemen were in tho habit of wearing -two watches, elaborate gold chains, a gold chain to their gold eye glass, -and any number of rings and brooches. But what about the three cards ; was ther9 no warning voico in them? Well then, upon my veracity, i bat was the first time I had ever seen the trick. My impressionable nature had beeu inflamed by much reading of romances, &c.; I had frequently seen —at the play— rich old uncles produce fat pocket-books, and in the approved bless- you-my-children style bestow £100,000 or so on their scape-goat nephews ; and I believed it all to be real. I had even harbored for years the almost certain conviction that a rich old uncle of mine would serve me in the same way. Alas ! and alas ! All my uncle ever did for poor me I divulged to my readers in my last paper. "Rnf Anma ttiAoa man cr> larlcli roif.li ATUU WIUU) IUUOU UIUU UV lltwu their money are surely kings or princes in disguise. The Rothchilds on pleasure bent. Baring Brothers out on a gentle spree. I fancy I'll try my lack, and timidly advancing to the table deposit a stake. Eureka ! I have won ; and before I pocket the money look into the faces of my noble friends in disguise, trying to discover if my winning their money has cansed them displeasure. But no, they are still beaming with good nature, and the smile of conscious benevolence with which they look at me induces me to venture another stake. I win again, and my heart beats fast and loud. Visions of wealth float before my en tranced senses. Now will I show those at home what independence means. Now will I purchase that magnificent gold watch and those three diamond stnds, each about the size of a five franc piece, and now will I return and marry that charming lady at the theatre for whose love I have pined so long, and wk> has smiled upon me more than once. Three years afterwards, when my eyes were opened, I heard from a friend that my enslaver was then exactly 45 years of age, the wife of the leader of the .land and the .mother of seven children. However, I keep on playing and winning, till at last the tables turn and my friends have all their own back again. Still I keep on staking, whilst they keep ' on raking my money till I" am completely cleaned out. How.Vl managed to gain the: end of my jonrnny nnd what adven tures befel me on the road, will be related in some future paper. Suffice it :o say, that I got there, found the place- insufferably dull and in three days from the time of my arrival levanted. After walking till evening, I came to a respectable looking farm-house. On entering I was shown into the parlor, 1 where I found myself in the presence of a comely, kind looking-lady, the mistress of the house, and at a piano in the corner I foqnd ayoung lady, her daughter, «ni an exact copy of her mother, bound in beautiful light muslin and magni ficently illustrated with curls. These people listened kindly to my plea, how I felt homesick and could not exist in that dull place. They enter tained me hospitably for some days, daring which time .they communicated with my friends ; and the result was an order jfor my return. Return I did, and before long told to prepare fear a voyage to England. " Aye, . marry, why was he sent into Eagland, "says the man in the play. he bribe eom&re; face and. black cloak eovered. with hngles. " .To recover his wits there," -is - the answer, and if he do not t'will be no great matter ! Nobody will see itin him there, for there they are all As mad as be !" la this slight sketch will bat reach the eyes of a few if my you thful friends in this colony, mypurpose is served. \ - ' .. . 