? ? of the observance of the quaint fune: icustomswhfch formerlyexisted inanany. an Bnij-list country village, . the old-world died out, owing, perhaps, to the tion-of iftilwave-fl.nd-echool4joaida—3Jhns> 1 .^o.the. only ^eorresppndrng Vith-the Highlau^ usa^e of. tasking " the deazil" or rafting ihv-e.e tunes round. a perfon according to _the .couree -of the sun. , Oa -one ocGa3ioii,,m th. ! e viliage offStrantoni oiear.Mest Hattlepooi, the vicar twisfstanding. .«.t>the ohurchyar^ ,gate,awaitmg.theiawivalof,.the-faneral: .procession, .-when, mneli:to,his-surprisejih.ej seaaregronpj^vho; Jiaaijcomeawithm'ia.few; yards of bim, suddenlj' turned baoks ana marched losand the churchyard rwaU/ittais tTaversiiig itE west, north, -and.!eMt iipuridaries. On- inqiuring:the.re»EOn-of thiE!fi*- iliaordinary proeednre^oneofithe mouinbrs: .-sjmcklycieplied, •HrWbjtSfjexmA mo-Si^e •tfhfiirnBiwiyctbB cdead r again- sihe < sum; the 'deadi maun -ay-go twj'^the. snnJ'i'^Dhis is mot unliJraia- iWBlsVivcnBtoni.mentioned-'-'bSy -Eettnantr^o tells vasihatj-swhenaia'corpse^ :wa?vconveyed ; any part o£ fhe town, great care was; :always taken that it should -be, -eam^3 tha .'whole vdistance -on .-the feidetof the^-roa J d. From .tame'immelnori^l 'there has been a'strong feelingof repugnanee •mongthe inhabitanlsiof finral-parishefeto burial "'wilhout-the -sanctuary.^ "This- iaoes 4 not -mean ln-'unoonBecratea ground, but -on the north aide•Df-the -chnrchi'or -in- animote. corner of the churchyard, : The ongin of this •prfjudioo is • saicl : to have been -the notion thai the norVbern part was ihal wliicli was .appropriated to the interment of anbaptiseu iQlanni,-excommnnicatei^iereoiis,;or snch as had • laid violent ha'nds upon' themaelveg,: Henco it: was popularly: knoyrn. -aB* ".the wrong - side ~of : the churo&."-. . In - manV parishes, therefore; this ispot' remamfifi :nd- ooaupied; while the xemainlng portion of the' churchyard was crowded. White, in lus VHistoty.ofSelbornB;" alluding to this snperetition, eays that -SB rinost people wished io be buriea on the south side :of the charcliyard, it beoaniie such a mi:; of mortality that no person eonld be: interred, " without: disturbing,-or diBpiacing ths bones of his imoestors.".- <H(BM attention has ,generally' be^n paid, al8o,:to YheposUion of "the grave, the popular , ona( bsmgffrom east to; west,: while ,-that irom'nolth to south hati been' .oonBiqerel not onljf aishonourable, btit un-i luoky ; A curious • surviving - custo m~ at Welsh funerals is termed -the ^parson's penny." .After reading the burial service m the •church, -the clergyman.-: stands "-behind ;a: .table wliile apsalm-ie bemg sung; In the meantime "each ot the snouiners places a piece of money on the table for -lis acceptance. This ceremony is regarded as'a token of Tsspeetito the deceased, a though it ^was, no doubt, ongmaUy Jiiitendeci' to coi^pensate the clergyman tor praying for the soul of the departed;-. In some Welsh parishes, also, a similar custom, called " spade-money," is kept up. After the corpse has been committed to its restmgj?lace, .the grave-digger presents his spade as a receptacle for donations, these oiFermgs, wJuch.oiten amount to a goodly Jsumi bemg regarded as bis perquisite; In-Tork- • shire; at, the funerals of .the rich in former days, it, was .euscomary.io hand ?f4]irnt •wine' to the company, m a silver -flagon; out of which Vveiyone.Urank'. This'bererage seems, to have been a heated - prepara-' Tion of port.-wine, wifchxugar andspice, and should any remain, it was sent round in the; .flagon to the-houees of. friend's for diBtnbution. This, of course, wasa£peciei?ot funeral feast, called, in the north of. England, an •"•"ar val '-^a lingering .survival of the offermgs tliat ong mally were made to the ghost of the deceased. •. Among the superstitions,that -still cling to the churchyard may be mentioned one that- has existed: from the. most, remote period,*and which ias invested. it witli ah atmosphere ot - ^dreacl—it., -iiavmg - -been 'generally-supposed.ttiatthey^are'liannted by spectres -and."apparitions.. -Indeed, it has besn willy pointed out - by Mr; Tylor -tliat throngli'.aU the elia-nge3: of jTeligious thonciht., -from, first to last-, in' the course of human history,-theiiovermg ghosts of •the dead make themidnight-b^iai-giound' a Jilace -'where men6-flesh creeps- with] terror.— Harper $• 