Sib Henby Pabkbs mado tbo most of bis opportunities at Albury. Hut tbcu bo always does improve tbo shining hour. It has been bis leading principle throughout lifo. It was bj' making the most of bis opportunities that' be ele- vated himself from tbo position of a dealer in toys to that of tbo Premier of Now South Wales, aud a Knight Com mander of St. Michael and St. George. His political enemies have fjpsnetimos said that in the way be makes use of bis opportunities Sir Henry is just a little unscrupulous. This calumny was assorted of tho honorablo gentleman at the time when lie conducted tbo Em pire newspaper, upon the occasions when be figured in tlio Sydnoy Insolvency Court, when ho' banged tho wretched maniac O'Farrell, when lio traded upon tlie religious animosities which periodi cally disgrace New South Wales, wheu he eriacted a treason-felony bill which made it a ponal offence not to drink tho Quoen's health with three times three, when he bclioved or professed to believe in the Kiama ghost, when ho par doned tho bushranger Gardiner in de fiance of all respectable public opinion, ' and when he destroyed the old records of the colony in order that Society in Now South Wales might never bo made to blush for its ancestors. But then the persons who cbargo Sir Henry Parkcs" with being unscrupulous aro his political enemies, and everybody knows that the criticism of one's enemies is apt to be a little unjust. We have always paid a willing testi mony to the energy and ability of Sir H enry Parkes, and we havo done this not only when he was at the head of a powerful political party which enjoyed all tho emoluments and honors of office, but even when he was at tho very nadir of his political fortunes, when his pecu niary position was at the worst, and when lio was acting in tbi3 colony as tho agent of an adventurer who was seeking to obtain a subsidy for a line of steamers between Australia and San Francisco. But wo have never shut our eyes to the thoroughly selfish character of the Parkes policy. His great ob ject is to aggradise the trado of the city which ho' represents, and to manu facture political capital out of tlie silly jealousy which exists throughout New South Wales at tho progress and pros perity of Victoria. Tlie real reason why tlio railway towards Albury aud Moama has bocn constructed so slowly is not, as was stated by Sir. Lackey, the moun tain ranges which separate Port Jackson, from the fertile plains of the south and west, but jealousy of Molbourne. Sir Honry Parkes stated at Albury that " he was so confident in tlio loyalty of " the people that he believed thoy "would rather send 400 miles to trade " with Sydney than go only 200 miles " to Melbourne." If he felt this confi dence, why these delays in extending tho southern railway from Goulburn to Albury: and now that tho lines are com pleted, why doe3 ho insist on differen tial rates on traffic going to Sydney, and that going to Melbourne. Tho fact is that Sir Henry Parkes is determined, per fas aul per nefas, to force the inhabi tants of Kiverina to transact their busi ness with Sydney ; and although pro fessing to rely upon what ho terms their loyalty, he takes remarkably good care to bring their selfish interests into play at the same time. If tlfote were no artificial boundary, if th/ Murray did not bristle with custom houses, tho trade of Deniliquin aryf Albury would belong as naturally to/Melbourne as does that of Sandhurst /n l Benalla. Tlio Murrumbidgc-e is tjfe natural frontier ol the two colonies, and it is not until Gundagrtl and Wagga are reached that/ the merchants of Mel bourne aiur Sydney meet, so far as' geography is concerned, upon equal terms, t Tho I commerce of the country between the Murrumbidgee and tho Murray belongs as much tc Melbourne as dues that of Hiithur?t 01 Goulbourn to Sydney. But Sir Henry Parkes, by the adoption of two separate lines of action, is careful to prevent the natural development of commercial in tercourse between Kiverina and Mel bourne. In the first place he atlrnctf trado to Sydney by exceptionally low rates of carriage upon the Government lines of railway. In tho secoud, he prevents trade from going to Melbourne by instituting all sorts of vexatious custom-houses on the border. We/have pointed out over and over again th m the real obstacle to intercolonial ton/trade is Sir Henry Parkes Rnd not My Berry, and that any negotiations initiated by Victorian delegates will always prove just as abortive as the well-meant cli'orti of our representatives at mo recent In' tercolonial Conference at Sydney. Nothing can excuse the bad form ol which Sir Henry Pafkes was guilty at Albury when he lectured Mr. Berry aud Mr. Patterson upon the fiscal policy ol Victoria. They wore his guests, and he was bound to treat them with at leasf civility. Nothing was said by either ol the Victorian Ministers which could excuse the very flagrant violation of good taste by the New South Wales Premier. Tho duty of speakers upon festive occa sions is very clear. They must avoid all ' controversial topics, and if they cannot trust themselves to avoid giving offence to their hearers they Bhould say nothing. There was nothing ip tho remarks of Mr. Patterson to provoko the statement J about the extent and importance of the / Sydnoy manufactories. Wo have hoard / of them in tho columns of the Conserve- / tive press, but wo have never been able / to find any other independent proof of / their existence. At the Melbourne Ex- / hibition.theso enterprising manufacturers I are conspicuous by their absenco, and m the New South Walescouvt is principally® », remarkable for its very fine display of I | raw produce. And a banquet at Albury I 1 to celebrate New South Wales having I contrived to complete/what Victoria' fir, finished many yeara ago, namely, KMvli railway system as»fj>' M its boundary1 was not tho ocr-S'O" for Sir ,-tfrol- I Parkes to disrerrd Mr. the I "tbU country mo very J Tho pfpm " Parkes for , t much iMiged to bir licnry _ . his 0Jpressions of BymP"' . feel even mora grsteftil -if it word thought that It could by any possibility bo sincere, but thoy aro quite content with tlioir present position, and quito ns sanguine about their future prospects hs any New South Welshman can bo. The best answer - to tho jeremiads of tbo Conservative press is the fact that the balance of the inscribed stock, which besi.rs only 4 per cpnt. interest, lias been recently taken up at par, although for years,' under tho rule of Sir Jnmcs M'Culloch and other Conservative Pre miers, it was not disposable even at a large discount. Nor did the price which a Conservative member of Parlia ment, Mr. G. D. Carter, on behalf cf the National Mutual Life Association, paid for the allotment at the corner of JCollins and Queen streets, almost at the very moment that Sir Henry IParkes was speaking, hoar out tho cries cf tho Conservative Cassandras. It is a very grave question whether tho finan cial position of Victoria is not in reality far soundor than that of Now South Wales, where tlie Government has learned to rely for its revenue almost exclusively upon tho alienation of Crown lands, without any attempt at obtaining settlement, and where tho population is so ignorantly impatient of taxation that ' any attempt to impose rates for local improvements, or direct taxes upon land nd property, would bo fatal to any Ministry that introduced them. New , South Wales can boast of an extensive territory, fertile land, and unrivalled mineral wealth, but in matters of go vernment and administration Victoria is more than able to hold her own with the elder colony. In his late speech glorifying our school system, Mr. W. Collard Smith was able to quote the fact that the jury on educational exhibits had just awarded it a first class for excel lence and completeness. We are not disposed to undervalue thia tcsti- inony. When all abatements aro mado, Buch as that many important countries were not represented, and that juries are generally apt to be kind to the virtues of a country in which an Exhibition is held, it remains certain that the school exhibit has been one of which the country might well be proud. The pupils' work, in maps or copy-books or needlework, had not the faultless neat ness of what was shown in the French department ; but the French speciinons were evidently of exceptional excellence, and the Victorian of averago work. Then, again, Victoria was subjected to an exceptional test. Sixty or seventy children, taken more or less at random from a Collingwood school, were sent in on two occasions, under junior teacliej, who in most cases were not those they wero accustomed to, togorapidly through the day's programme of work; and their performance as: a whole was extremely satisfactory. For school drill and discipline, for effective teaching of grammar and arithmetic, our schools are entitled to a first class in any competition. ' Having said this much, we may also point out some obvious defects. Our children are not yet taught to pronounce and read Eng lish with anything like tho care bestowed in the best Amorican schools, or perhaps, it is safer to say, have not yet attained anything liko the same success. There were traces of drawl and snilllo in the ac cent of the children examined, which a jury less largely composed of foreigners might havo noted unfavorably, and the defect is certainly not peculiar to the school represented. The school maps used for instruction are mostly very much below what they Bhould be, and the use of diagrams, not always very good, might advantageously ibe supplemented by models such as ore used for a kinder-garten. Then again tho school appliances are for tlie most part beneath par. There is not an at tempt at ventilation in our rooms ; and if it were not that our mild climate al lows windows and doors to be kept open pretty freely, tho result would be some thing worse than more inconvenience. In the Queensland court there is a good model of a window used here and there in England Which admits air through the interstices between slabs of glass that slant ovor .ono another so as to ex clude wet. But every school ought to have more than this, and ought to com municate through tho walls with the open air by gratings just raised above the floor. It is now nearly four years since Mr. Burston published a valuable report en the bestform of benches and desks, luy- ing down as first principles that the ' bench ought to have a back, that each scholar .ought tohaveadeskto himself, and that it should bo possible to adjust the height of the desk to the child sitting at it, so as not to cramp the body 'or try tho eyes. This part of Mr. Burston's report was considered so valuable by Mr. Levey, who represented tho colony at Phila delphia, that he reproduced it in his a x j_ ? .1li. aa f- h rl a 1 . n i. xepurc. it is tuauuurieum tv ujui t-uiit it has attracted no notice from tho De partment of Education, and that our children aro still among the worst seated in the world. Is it too much to hope that the Minister of Public Instruction will pay the Exhibition a visit to see witli his own eyes the diflereuce between good and bad school furniture 1 Vie took occasion some weeks ago to express a strong opinion that primary schools ought to be kept to their proper , purpose, and not set to do tho work of middle schools or trade schools as well. It is evident that this view has approved itself to the practice of those countries in which education has mado the greatest advance. In Holland, for instance, they only teach morphology, or a knowledge of die chief geometrical forms, as a pre paration for drawing ; and what they dignify as natural philosophy would be called object lessons in a Victorian school, and merely means the description of plants, animals and a few natural phenomena by tbo use of diagrams and models ofmacliines. In France, where a great deal has'been done for technical training, it is done by means of special schools. If we take the school of clock- making at Besanqon as an instance of one of these, we find that it is only free to the children of ratepayers, that is, where the parents contribute to its sup port, and that there is a fee of £S a year for children from other parts of tlie country. The pupils are taught French, arithmetic and algebra, and as much of mechanics nnd chemistry as bears on the | , docki linker's work, as well as liow to I make all tho parts of a clock or watch.4 Bo successful has this school been that \ tho town of Besancon turns out more V,\ than a thousand watches a day, doing a w business that we cannot estimate at less vVy than a million a year. In tiie same \- V spirit the town of Limoges has esta- bliihed a school for china, which Las been so successful that its products are | now competing successfully with Cope- I land's and. Minton's best work in London, 8 and havo attracted so much attention in Jl Melbourne that the orders can hardly be I executed.. In each case, it will be ob- served, a municipality maintains the school in order to protect and promote an acclimatised industry. Wo ore too apt to trust to the rough schooling whioh men get in a factory, wlioro thoy loam by ruleof thumb, and wbero it is no object to experiment. Wilh the exception of two schoojs of minos which wero so badly supported in Sandhurst and Bal larat that the State has at last taken them into its own hands, wo havo really no technical schools, for tho 6chool of farming at Dookie in at presont a mere experiment. Surely our largo towns ought to look to this. The boys turned out after threo years' apprenticeship from the smiths' school of La Villette, at Paris, earn an average of 3s. Gd. a day — an enormous wage for France — and in some instances receive ns much as 5s.- or Gs. They earn it, of course, because it is worth an employor's while to pay it, and they therefore earn it with advantage to native industry. There seems no possible reason why Vic torian towns should not achieve equally good results. We doubt if tho State could. Ballarat aud Sandhurst, for instance, contain scores of practical men fitted to direct the working of a School of Mines. Tho Department of Educa tion may subsidise and examine, but cannot control efficiently in such a caso. The ratepayers must learn to make a small sacrifice for tho sake of training and maintaining profitable industries. Woaro often contemptuously told that a country to which Nature has denied coal minos cannot bo a manufacturing country. Tlio examples of Switzerland and Saxony are not conclusively against us on this point; and it is at least a question if population, energy and in telligence are not advantages that counterbalance the want of coal. But wo certainly cannot afford to dispense with a single element of success. At least if every workman among us is trained up to tho highest possible point, ho con never ho thrown on our hands ; and the compotition undor adverse cir cumstances that may prove ruinous to a particular industry will simply invite the artisan to transfer his labor to a more highly-paid field. 