The result oif the ©lection at Toowoomba last Friday ought to afford a sufficient proof to Ministers of the unpopularity, in all the more important centres of population in the colony, of the policy they are pursuing. What happened at Toowoomba would undoubtedly happen in any other populous constituency at present represented, or assumed to be represented, in the Assembly by sup porters of the Ministry, with tho ex ception, perhaps, of Mackay, where the ' mean whites' are in a minority on the electoral roll and the employers of Polynesians are the all-powerful aristo cracy. Tho public opinion of a district so exceptional is not to be taken into account in summing up the general opinion of the colony. At the late election at Maryborough the Liberals were in a majority, and the result would have been the same as at Toowoomba last week, only at Mary borough they allowed their forces to be divided. Mr. Hurley, either intention ally and deliberately, as many believe, or unintentionally, as is asserted . by the other side, played into the hands of the squatting party in the most effective manner by dividing the Liberal vote just enough to secure the Ministerial candidate a majority. There was no ghost of a ehanceof Mr. Hurley beiug elected, as he must have known full well from the very first, and there was very little chance of any Government sup porter getting elected while the Liberals were undivided, so Mr. Hurley stepped in and divided them. As it was, the majority for the Government candidate was a very narrow »ne indeed. Cer tainly nothing for the party to boast of, except the very clever manner in which the minority on that occasion succeeded in gaining a victory over the majority. If an election were to take place next week in any populous southern con stituency, the Ministry know very well they would Btand no chance of a sup porter being returned. Aubigny, North Brisbane, Bulimba, Passifern, Stanley, and Wide Bay would not again be re presented by men who showed the slightest leaning to the squatting party under Mr. MTlwraith. And some of the northern centres of popu lation would be equally decided. Cook, for instance, as Ministers well know, would return tho bitterest of opponents they could find, so long as the candidates were sufficiently ac quainted with Horthern requirements and sufficiently imbued with Northern feeling to inspire confidence in the electors. The Liberal victory in Drayton and Toowoomba was the more remarkable because the Hon. James Taylor is a man of very considerable influence in the electorate, and personally he is popular. He takes, and always has taken, a lively interest in ? local affairs, and has contributed liberally to all local institu tions, in spito of a character he has for looking tolerably sharp after his own interests generally. If personal feeling and influence could have won the elec tion Mr. Taylor would have been at the head of the poll without doubt. Moreover, he had the undivided Bupport of tho Roman Catholics of the district, who comprise a numerically large section of the voters in that electorate. But he had opposed to him the bulk of the small settlerB not belonging to that church, and of the Germans, who are almost all small settlers. These men voted for Mr. Aland for very good and substan tial political reasons. Persons who are beaten in an election contest seldom care to openly and candidly acknow ledge the true cause of their defeat. It has been so in the present case. The Germans are Baid to have voted for Mr. Aland through some foolish words uttered by Mr. Morehead against them in the As sembly three or four years ago, and because last session Mr. Perkins affirmed that some of the Queensland wine was little better than ' hogwash.' The Germans are far too sensible to be influenced by any such paltry consider ations. There was no need for them to have been so influenced. If Mr. Morehead had never uttered one word in their dis paragement, and the Minister for Lands had spoken only in high commendation of Queensland wine — good, bad, and in different—the German small settlers, like the small settlers of every other nationality, would still have had abundant justification for voting as they did. Actions speak louder than words, and every important act of the MTlwraith Ministry, from the time it entered office to the pre sent, has been antagonistic to the clasB to which tbey belong, and for the benefit of the class above tbem. lhe great pastoral lessee, the owner of an enormous sugar plantation who em ploys Polynesian labourers only, if he can possibly avoid employing Europeans — these are the people which the pre sent Ministry has been legislating for, and administering the public estate to encourage and enrich, while the agricul turist on a limited scale, the selector of two or three hundred acres only, the tradesman |and artizan have been dis couraged with a corresponding uni formity in all the Ministry have done, or omitted to do. The present Ministry were gazetted on the 21st of January, 1879 — -just two years ago — and from that date to the present no one can point to a single thing which that Ministry has done, or attempted to do, to eiu-ouriigu the. small settler and nmke his. task easier for him, either di rectly ob indirectly; but n very consider able number of 'instances could he pointed out in which his interests have been sacrificed for those of the squatter, the big .speculator, and the wealthy land owner. Germans have not been treated any worse . I ha n the men of other nationalities occupying the same social level. They have all been made to feel that'the present Ministry have no sym pathy with them, do not want to encourage them, and only tole rate their presence in the colony because they assist to pay the taxes and it would be dangerous to manifest too active and open an hostility to thein. Immigration from Germany has been absolutely stopped, in order to prevent any more of that nationality from coming to the colony. Emigration from England and Scotland has been reduced to the most insignificant pro portions, and although a large majority of the immigrants now being sent out are from Ireland, still the total number is smaller than at any other period in the history of the colony, except for a very short time, under a former squat ting Ministry, when immigration was stopped altogether. The only Act passed by the MTlwraith Min istry, directly affecting the small settlers of the colony, has been tlio 'Divisional TtnnrHs Act. hv which they have been made to contribute a portion of the cost for the maintenance of the roads and bridges in their neigh bourhood. To balance this the colony has been run into debt three millions sterling, the bulk of which money is to be employed to construct the trunk lines of railway sufficiently near to the great pastoral districts of the interior to make it. worth the while of specula tors to take up the extension and com pletion of these lines. And the colony has been burdened for eight years with an annual payment of £60,000 for a steam service via Torres Straits, the chief advantage of which will 'be the conveyance of squatters' frozen meat to Europe. The small settlers know full well that they will be made to bear the nrinciual share of the burden of these expenses, because the party now in power will not allow their own class to be loaded with them in any thing like proportion to the profit they will reap from the carrying out of these undertakings. The German settlers know all this quite as well . as the English and Scotch settlers know it. They are made to feel it in a very direct manner, and they are not at all certain as yet what additional loads may he laid upon their Bhoulders before the' Ministry retire from office. Under these circumstances it is not to be wondered at that they vote against any supporter of the Ministry whenever they have the chance, no matter bow popular he may be personally. 