THE CLARE RAGES. [From oar SpecialJReporter.] The annnnl reunion on the Bungaree pas tures held in connection with the Clare Saoing Olub took place on Tuesday, March 15, when beautiful weather favored the proceedings, and nearly 1,500 visitors journeyed to the raceconrse to witness the sport. For the past two or three seasons this club has extended its meeting over two days, and provided four advertised events for each day ; bnt last year, owing to several causes which do not need recapitulation here, the two days were found to be in excess of the requirements oE Northern sportsmen, and it was resolved that the present gathering should terminate in one act so to speak, and consequently five advertised races, in addition to the usual Hack Race, went to make up a tempting day's sport in place of the two days' shorter programme of former occasions. That this was a beneficial alteration both to the olub and visitors the xeso.lt of Tuesday's meeting amply testifies ; the stakes being larger, ths racing better, and tbe attendance considerably greater than at any previous meeting. The difficulties ondef which the olnb labors will be easily understood when it is considered how all-absorbing an inte rest is concentrated in the combined meeting at Laura. At ths latter place a very heavy pro gramme is sow annually disoussed, while a large amount of speculation takes place on the prin cipal races there decided; so that owners of horEes having engagements at Laura naturally fight shy of imperilling their chances of success at that place by risking a penalty through win ning at Clare, and so perhaps patting the victorious animal at the latter place out of court at the Great Northern Meeting. It has been suggested that the Glare folk should fix their meeting at a date subsequent to the big sister gathering, saj tUe week after, so as to make it convenient for horses travelling down from Laura to stop at the northern metropolis en route for head quarters ; but as Mr. Crabb, their experienced hon. secretary, not unreasonably avers, beaten horeesare butelender reeds on which to depend, while at the sametime it must not be forgotten that a nearer aad less expensive road tj town from the northern is that opened up by the new railway via Hallett, and probably, unless a horse were very leniently dealt with at Clare, the additional expense and journey entailed by running him there weald hardly be risked. Under all the circumBiances it is doubtful whether had the present meeting been held after Laura, as suggested, more horses would have competed, or more interest have been evinced than was actually the case. The real secret why such small fields contested the different events on Tuesday, however, lies we think, in the fact tntt the meeting was not worked np half as much as its importance deserved. We do not for one moment mean to say that Mr. Crabb did not do everything that lay in his power as secretary, for, excepting the small fields, the meeting was otherwise a great success, but the fact is that unless a clut- has almost unlimited means at its disposal, aad can afford to advertise as large as the Great Northern Club has done, or has patrons of BBfficient influence to ensure the attendance of numerous horses, the work thrown upon the shoulders of one individual is certainly out of all reason, and far more than he can beexpected to successfully accomplish. Had Mestrs. Harvey and Barnard for instance been induced to work in with the Glare stewards as Adelaide repre sentatives, no dou'ot more entries would have been entertained, and we think that unless there is some kind of influential cooperation of this nature text year, tbe club would do wisely to spend a little more money in advertising and a 1 ittle less in stakes thsn —as done in the present instance. Beferring to the details of the meeting we were pleased to notice the patronage of a Urge division of Adelaide sportsmen on the present occasion ; the bookmakers, too, were well repre sented, while the attendance of the general pub lic was in excess of last year by a considerable number. Clare has always been a popular rendezvous; its stewards are popular men; its situation, for beauty, is second to none in the colony ; and its means of approach are easy and varied. The 4.45 train on Monday afternoon was literally packed with visitors, most of whom left it at Saddlenortb, proceeding thence by coach to their destination ; others preferred the route via Farrell's Fiat and TTill Kivcr, which is shorter bat not quite so cheap or picturesque. Ail, however, got to headquarters before half -past 11, and many and difficult were the bargains driven with the hotelkeepers for accommodation upon arrival. ' Very sorry, eir, but 1 really canfc find room for you to- night,' was the general answer to those improvident ones who came unpreceded by telegram or letter for room. Somehow or other, nevertheless, one and all managed to find quarters, and tbe weary dust-begrimed travellers of the previous night turned up on the Tuesday mottling 'as pink as daisies,' and little the worse if not all the better for their hardships of the evening before. A move was made to the racecourse about 11 o'clock, and by noon the stand acd enclosures presented a busy appearance, tbe former locality being appro priated as to ils upper story to the use of the f air tex, who were there in great force and teak the liveliest interest in the day's races. Apropos of the stand, we were very pleased to notice that the noisy band that did so much to disturb us last year by discoursing those tones which we knew so well, but which they played so badly, were happily conspicuous on the present ocoa sion by their absence. BeEore dealing with the races we must not forget to mention that two four-in-hands were tooled down to the course by Messrs. Bowman and 7oung respectively, and lent & metropolitan aspect to affairs; the booths and refreshment staeds, besides the usual racecourse fair, were plentifully repre sented and patronised, while oid Joe Freeman, the quondam owner of Cupbearer and other notable South Australian flyers, did mine host of the grand ttand with his usual suavity and taste. The meeting began at half-past 12 with a Maiden Plate of 30 sovs., to which a good deal of interest attached from the meeting of the unbeaten son of Honestish and Euterpe, Dutch man, and the Moor. Local speculators pinned their faith to Mr. alcNamara's colt, but the Moor, cleverly handled by Phillips, beat him at the finish by a lesgth and a balf, though had the race been six f srlongs instead of eight the positions might possibly have been reversed. The winner is by Tregeagle out of Miami, and has run once or twice in public before, but until winning this raoe has not hitherto secured a braoket. Unless the Dutchman improves a lot before the Great Northern he can have no show of winning there. The time was fair, viz., 1 min. 51£ sec. After the race Mr. Savill reported Morrison, the rider of Dutchman, to the stewards for foul riding and for striking the jockey Phillips with his whip during the race, at the came time pro testing against his being allowed to ride in the Cup for fear of a repetition of similar mis conduct. As the evidence on the subject was somewhat contradictory nothing came of it. The Glare Cap was the next event on the card, and for this all the four colored went to the post, Mountaineer being most in request, though Aurora trod very closely on his heels. The local talent were all on Shamrock, while Gunn, the other runner, was friendless. Mountaineer loeked as if a little more work would have done him geod ; Aurora seemed well ; but Shamrock, altheufch ss hard as sails, didn't carry that healthy look with him that he wore at Morgan when be beat Pomona, which caused him to retire in tbe betting to 7 to 1 before tbe flag fell. The history of this contest can be very briefly dealt with, for Shamrock, alter indulging Gunn with the lead for a mile, never had the slightest trouble in shaking off old Mountaineer when they began to race, and won very easily by a couple of lengths amid great cheering, Aurora, who, passed the favorite half-way up the straight, being second. . The time was 3 min. 33i sec, being a little faster than last year's. Directly the raoe was over, however, Mr. Jenkins, on behalf of Mr. Boss T. Beid, the owner of Aurora, entered a protest against the winter on the ground oE misdeecription, stating tbat he had run at Wbyte-'Sarcowie last year, under the name of Little Back. Evidence not being forthcoming, the stewards derided to bear both sides on the following day, and the ma'.ter remains in abeyance. Should the second horse get the stakes the bookmakers will be struck, as Aurora and Lucy were backed in the doubles, and the former in the Cap straight out to win a good stake, but if Mr. deary's representative get tbe stakes they will be on tbe right side of the ledger over the meeting. As thisaffsir is at present undecided, we refrain from giving par ticulars of Shamrock's pedigree or performances, but whatever the result of this investigation may be, two facts were indisputably gathered from the result of the race. One is, thata good country horse at a light weight is not to be despised even in fair company ; and the other, that from the manner in which Aurora and Mountaineer collapsed, it is plain a mile and a half to a mile and three-quarters is tbe extreme length of their tether, for neither horse possessed the ghost of a race when the distance-post was reached. The Wagga Cup hero has evi dently eeen his best day, while Aurora— useful rcare though she be— baa plainly been consider ably overdone, and would be all the better for a few months' retirement. After the usual ad joaromtnt tbe principal event of tbe meeting — tbe Steeplechase— came on for decision. All the eight runners on the card appeared to do battle, the favorites being Lucy and Biackfish, while Mistake, Peter, Warrior, and Whitefoot were all well supported. Tbe raoe, excepting that part of it that was confined to Lucy and Peter at the finish, was disappointing, for out of the eight starters only three managed to com pass the coarse— we cannot say ' compass the distance,'* for as a matter of faot no animal in tbe race went the advertised three miles at all. Owing to some misunderstanding which remains a complete mystery to every one, the riders seemed to understand tbat they only had to go over the double in front of tbe stand twice, whereas they should have gone round thrice and then finished ; and what is more extraordinary still the astute Mr. Crabb himEolf was apparently ignorant that this immense blunder had been committed until it was mentioned to him some time after the race ! However, *? All's well that ends well,' and as tviry cne teemed satisfied with the result nothing much was said about it; bnt it certainly Fccms a very easy thing for jockeys to misunder ciaud the Clare course, and this goes a long way in favor of Beauchamp's story to the Clare srewBrds when charged two years ago with foul lidirg on Selector. The race was run at a xreat pace throughout, Lucy and Warrior lead ing for the first round, when the latter csnie down a regular cropper at the second fence of the double, and left Lucy with a long lead of Peter and Whitefoot. On the far side, opposite the booths, Peter raced upto the leader pnd challenged her at tbe last jump, whioh the? cleared almost together, but directly the pair felt their feet Mr. SaviH's mare left her opponent without an effort, and won comfortably by tws lengths ; Whitefoot, who declared 6 lbs. over weight, and who was fast closing on the lenders being a moderate third, about fifty yard-: nS. Although Trump and Biackfish persisted'.' v re fused, and Mistake, Warrior, and bliss Banter kiesed tbeir mother earth, fortunately the nneeated jeckeys escaped with a shac:'j, though it was at first feared tbat Oorbett bad received some severe injuries. The double at this meeting is a very awkward one, the jumps being much too close together. It would be a judicious change next year to widen the gap between them, as a horse has not sufficient time to get into his stride again after clearing the first jump before teaching the second. Every year there is a nasty fall at this place, and the stewards shonld see to the alteration being effected before the next meeting comes ronnd. The Shorts, of 30 sovs., followed the big race, and of tbe five entered Miss Harriett and Aurora, the latter of whom pulled up lame after the Cap, were absentees. The race was simply a match between Moor and Dutchman, for Tocal, a lecal horse, got off eo badly that whatever chance he might have possessed was extinguished before tbe race really began. A great many still clung to Dutchman, who declared 8i lbs. over weight to accommodate Nesbitfs mount, and expected the shorter distance would suit him better thsn a mile, but the clever division laid 6 to 4 on the winner of the Maidens, who put up an extra 3 lbs. for Geoghan. The latter never gave bis backers the least uneasiness, for after waiting on Dutchman to the straight lie came away and won in a carter. The appearance of Alethein the Bungsree Stakes did not deter many of Mountaineer's friends from supporting the old horse, though before the flag fell 4 to 1 was freely laid on Sir Ihos. Elder's filly. The rece was a perfeot farce, for Alethe won from end to end withont giving her opponents a chance. A Heck race of 15 sovs. concluded a fair day's sport, and although the fields were small and speculation limited the racing was abeve the average of country meetings and of a fairly interesting description. The totali zator worked by the club was a very tame eff.-r.r. The tickets should have been a pound ?istead of ten shillings, and at least three more cicrk? ought to have been employed. Taking the meeting altogether it may be termed a suc c. t: S-A ote, and certainly a little better than tic- cue held last year; and if the racing did not quite sustain the pre9tige enjoyed by the Clire Club it was at least creditable, acd will in zll probability if the above suggestions are ? adopted be better next year. f There was no wagering on future events, ( though one speculator would have taken 400 to 100 about Sussex for the Great Northern Steeplechase had this prioe been forthcoming. The following are the results of the different events: — MAIDEN PI-AIB. Of 30 sovs. Fur herses that have never won an advertised race at any time of entry of a greater value thin £20. Weight for age. One mile. MesETB. Walker & Grant's Moor (Phillips) ... 1 Mr. McNameia's Dutchman (Morrison) ... 2 Mr. Lowrj's Blsok Bess (Hugo) ? 3 Three started. Betting — 6 to 4 on Moar. Dutchman led for half a mile, attended by the favorite, Black Bess being a long wty be hind. On entering the straight the favorite took the lead, and won easily by a length and » half. Time, 1 min. 51 v Etc. CLAEB CEP. Of 1G0 sovs., added to a handicap sweepstake of 5 sovs. each. One and three-qusrter milea. Mr. E.T.Reid's Aurora (Net bitt) ? 1 11 r. B-. Grant's Mountaineer (Geoghan) ... 2 Mr. I'erry's Gnnn (Master Ferry) ? 3 Mr. Cleary's Shamrock (Morrison) disqualified. The betting was— Evens Mountaineer, 7 to 4 Aurora, 3 to 1 Shamrock, 10 to 1 Guno, Gunn led for a mile, attended by Sham rock, Mountaineer, and Aurora, in the ord r named. Shamrock passed Gunn half a mi e frrm home, and Mountaineer took second place. On entering the straight all were under the whip, but Shamrock stayed the longest, winning by two lengths. Aurora, passing Mountaineer near home, gotsecond place. Time —3 min. 33J sec. An, objection was lodged sgainht the winner on the ground of falee description, which was subsequently entertained by the stewards, and the stakes given to AuroiJ. HANDICAP STEEPMBHASB. Of 100 sove , added to a sweepstake of 5 sovs. each. About three miles, over Steeplechase Course. Mr. Savill's Lucy (Hossey) ? 1 lir. BIsckmore's Peter (Beauchamp) ... 2 sir. Hart's Whitefoot (Munro) ? 3 Mr. Tile's Mistake (Ring) ... ? 0 llr. Richardson's Miss Banter (Burke) ... 0 Mr. O'Reilly's Biackfish (McGregor) ... 0 lir. McDonald's Warrior (Oorbett) ? 0 Mr. Coleman's Tramp (Mason) also ran. Betting— 3 to 1 against Lucy and Biackfish, 5 Mistake, 6 Peter, Warrior, and Whitefoot; S the others. Mistake led at a great pace, fol lowed by Blackfiah, Banter, aad Warrior, the others close np. At the first jump of the double, Biackfish refused and Banter fell. Mistake fell at the second jump. Passinr the stand the second time Warrior fell a purler at the second double jump, the race being left to Lucy, Wnitefoot, and Peter. Lucyand Peter drew away half a mile from home, the former winning a fine race borne by two lengths. No official time was taken. The distanoe oE the fteeple-courte is about three uiles, but the horses only went twice round, so that the actual distance travelled was only a little over two miles. This mistake occurred through misdirec tion to the jockeys, but as no horse went the advertiseddistance,andiioobjeotiontotbewiKner ! was raised, probably no more will be heard of the blunder. i SHORTS ; Of 30 sovs. Half-mile. Weight for age. Entrance, £2 2e. Messrs. Walker & Grant's Moore (Geoghan) 1 Mr. McNamare's Dutchman (Nesbitt) ... 2 Mr. Herbert's Tocal (Hunn) ? 3 Three horses ran. Betting— 7 to 4 on Moor, 3 to 1 agst Dutohman, 5 to 1 Tocal. The favorite and Dutohman made alternate running to the distance, when Moor came away and won easily by three lengths. Time, 52| sees. EtNGABEE STAKES. ? Handicap of 50 eovs., with sweep of 3 sovs. One and a balf miles. Sir T. Elder's Alethe (Nesbitt) ? 1 Mr. Grant's Mountaineer (Geoghan) ? 2 Mr. Msslin's Barmaid (Morrison) ? 3 Betting— 3 to 1 on Alethe. Barmaid led for a mile, when tLe favorite took the lead, made the rems.ia.ie:- of the running, and won in the commornsu -T canters by six lengths. No time was taken. . ' . HACK BA.CE. Of 15 sovs. Once round course. Post entry. This event was won by Blaokfisb, ridden by Nesbitt. Seven started. The betting was U to 10 against Blaokfish ; 3 to 10 to 1 the others. The race was won in a canter, after making all the running. 