THE ALLEGED "HARD CASE." *0 THE JSDITOB. Sir—Dr. Hamilton has called upon me re specting a letter signed "Parent," whioh ap peared in your columns on the 1st inst., and in justice to the doctor I give the facts of the case as related by him:— " Between 10 and 11 o'clock on the night of the 26th ultimo a man came to my house at Laura. He said his wife was ill with pains, that two women were with her, and that they were trying to get a Mrs. Oakes, who was used to sueh oases. Xhey thought his wife was going to be prematurely confined. He asked me to go out. I asked him some questions, and told him I thought I would not have time to get there before the birth, as it was 13 miles dis tant, a dark night, and bad roads. He said he could ill afford money, and appeared quite pleased that I did not deem it necessary to go. I told him if there was any daDger when he returned home to send for me and I would go. He also assured me that his wife was an ex tremely strong, healthy young woman, and had got him his tea that evening at 6 o'clock. About 8 o'clock next moiniDg he came back stating that his wife had been delivered of twins, which had died, at 10 o'olock on the previous night. He said his wife was doing wellj and Mrs. Oakes was with her. He seemed very much pleased that everything had gone on so well, and asked me for a certificate, which I told him I could not give without either seeing the children prior to death or examining the bodies subsequently, and directed him to go to the registrar at Wirrabara, who would give him fall informa tion in the matter. On Friday, the 28th ulb,, I saw the man in Laura with a small box con taining the bodies of his children, and learning from him that he had not obtained a certificate for burial I examined the bodies and found them to be those of two males that could not have reached at the utmost more than the end of the fifth month of intra-uterine life. I at once gave a certificate that they had died from natural causes, inasmuch as they had not reached that stage of maturity which is com patible with existence for any length of time," It thus appears that the children were born before the man reached the dootor's house the first time: that the man was not anxious for the doctor to go, but merely sought hie advice respecting his wife; that the children could not possibly have survived their birth; and lastly that the man was quite satisfied with the way the case terminated. His dissatisfaction seems to have arisen entirely from the difficulty he had in getting a certificate for burial, not from the non-attendance of the doctor.— I am, &o.;, YOUR LAURA CORRESPONDENT, Laura, November 3. A discovery which must inevitably cause quite & commotion in mining matters has been recently made in the neighborhood of Woodside, but has been kept quiet for their own reasons by the lucky proprietors. A short distance to the north of the old Woodside Company's sections a splendid auriferous reef has been uncovered, and the discoverers have aoquired the mineral rights over several eighty-acre sections through which the run of stone is plainly traceable, and from thence nearly to Avery's section, portion of the Woodside claim, which contains a similar run of quartz, known as the New reef. The principal ontorop of the reef occurs on Mr. W. Tucker's farm, but the best results hitherto have been got on the adjoining section belonging to Mr. J. Shepherd. Here two distinot lines of reef, about sixty feet apart, have been opened up, whioh are gold-bearing throughout, in faot it is almost impossible to piok up a piece of stone the size of a walnut from which a prospect of line gold cannot be crushed, even when none is visible to the naked eye. A trial crushing of a little over ten tons of unpicked quartz, muoh of whioh was mere surface stone, lately sent to the German Reef battery to be crushed, yielded at the rate of 2 ozs. to the ton, and as the screens and tables there are not adapted for fine gold-saving it is estimated that at least as muoh more was lost. The proprietors are so confident of the value of their mine that they do not intend to offer it to the pnblio at all, bat will at once put the newest form of gold-saving machinery on the ground, and as they have from their present level, about 20 feet, many thousands of tons of good stone almost in sight they are quite confident of a profitable return for their outlay. The result of the first crushing, a fascinating-looking bar of gold weighing 22 ozs. 15 dwts. 12 grs., has J been shown us, together with a quantity of fine gold washed with the pan from the debris after Wasting, Ail miniDg raen who have seen the new reef are greatly impressed with its pro spects. A confirmation service was conducted by the Lord Bishop of Perth in St. Peter's Cathe dral on Monday evening, November 7. There were 88 female and 38 male candidates for the rite, and the remainder of the building was thronged with their friends. The procession, consisting of the Bishop of Perth, the Biauop of Adelaide, the clergy and the choir, formed at tne choir vestry and proceeded to the entrance of the cathedral, where the clergy fell back on either side of the central passage while the bishops advanced, the processional hymn 270, A. and M.," Soldiers of Christ arise" being sung meanwlii.'e. The candidates were nest brought in and eeated under the direction of theii clergy, the other parochial clergy and tho cathedral clergy taking up positions on either aids of the bishops. After the reading of the preface by the Rev. Canon Dendy, D.D., th8 Bishop of Perth delivered a simple and earnest address to the candidates, in the course of which he referred to the occasion which had brought them together. Confirmation was the ratification o? the towe and promises made at their baptism on their behalf, and implied not merely a deter mination to abstain from evil, but a resolve to take Christ for their example. Tney were Christians before, but confirmation was a means of grace intended to strengthen them for the battle of life as they entered upon it. His lo::dchip concluded his address by enforcing on the candidates the necessity for the regular observance of religious exercises, and a high resolve to be guided '.through life by the Divine will as expressed in the Scriptures. After the candidates had been' questioned th8 versio'es and collect were repeated, and hymu 347, "Come, Holy Ghost, Creator blest," was sung. After the confirmation ceremony was concluded each oandidate was presented with a memorial card from the Bishop of Adelaide, The service was brought to a termination by the singing of the recessional hymn 391, " Onward Christian soldiers, marching as to war." Mr. A. Boult presided at the organ. The monthly meeting of the South Adelaide School Board of Advice was held at the board-room, in the Post- office, on Monday, November 7. There were pre sent the Hon. W. Sandover, Dr. Gardner, and Messrs. D. Murray, J.P. (chairman), J. L. BoDytbon, J.P., Y. Lawrence, J.P., J. Anderson, T. Soherfc, A. AdamsoD, and J. Dungey, and J. H. VocbiBg (superintendent of school visitors.) Applications for the free education of bix chil dren, and for permission to place a child at an evening school instead of a day-school, were granted; and another to allow a child to attend evening sohool instead of day-school was re fused. A letter was received from the Rev. F. Ooghlan, incumbent of St. Luke's Church, statiDg that he would extend the tenure of tho schoolroom for use as a State school till the end of April, 1883. It waB resolved that a copy of the letter should be sent to the Minister, with a recommendation that the erection of the school building in Sturt-street should he proceeded with at once. The chairman reported that the plans of the building were being drawn, and that the inten tion of the Minister was to make the building capable of holding 800 or 1,000 children, and at present not to proceed with the erection of the proposed school in Gurrie-street. The sub-com mittee, consisting of the Hon. W. Sandover, and Mr. A. Adamson, reported having visited the Flinders-street school end carefaily examined the accommodation provided. They recom mended that the Sfcurb-street Bchcol should ba a duplicate of that school, with the addition of separate retiring rooms for the male and female teachers. Mr. J. L. Bonython moved that in all large schools a caretaker should be appointed to reside on the premises. Mr. Adamson seconded, and the motion was carried. It was resolved that the motion, together with the suggestions of the sab- committee, should be recommendstionsfrom. the board to the Minister. Some correspondence between Mr. Mitton, of the Whitmore-square school, and Mr. Hartley respecting the appointment of a male teacher in lieu of the female teacher now employed in the school was read and the chairman instructed to endorse Mr. Mitton's application with the board's recommendation in favor of its being granted. The chairman reported the receipt o? a letter from the Minister, stating that he approved of the suggestion of the Municipal Corporations Association that mayors of cor porate towns should bo appointed members of the boardB of advice in their districts ex officio. It was decided to invite HisWorahip the Mayor (Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.) to take his seat on the board. The monthly return of the attendance at the day State schools for September wee read as folio wb :—No. scholars on roll — Franklin street, 212; Whitmore-square, 286; Coatral Model, 975; East Adelaide Model, 1,018. Average attendance,'Franklin-street, 155; Whit more-square, 218; Central Model, 824; East Adelaide Model, 775. No. free scholars on roll — Franklin'street, 53; Whibmore-sqnate, 55;' Central^ Model, 30; East Adelaide Model, 90: Average attendance, Franklin-street, 32; Whit more-square, 40; Central Model, 28; East Ade laide Model, 63, It was decided that the board should be provided monthly with a return showing the average attendance at the various night sohools. The meeting then adjourned till the first Monday in December. Respecting some statements made by Mr. Penglase recently unfavorable to the Lady Alice Mine the captain writes to the directors as follows Mr. Penglase has made statements which he cannot prove—statements which are calculated to mislead the shareholders and the public, and which are utterly without founda tion, and are the outcome of disappointment and spleen. First he says the last parties who worked the mine worked out the ground near the shaft and batteries. To this I give a flat denial, and also to all the statements in his second letter. The above-mentioned ground was worked out by myself, and another under the superintendence of Captain Clark, the late company's manager, and was not worked by the tributers. True, we worked around the shaft, and also under the poppit leg ; but we never worked any ground under the battery, and hence it is impossible for any ground to give way when it has not been undermined. Secondly, he speaks of a footwall. For your information I may state that there is no such thing as a foot wall to be found within 30 feet of the surface on this part of the lode ; of this fact I could give you abundance of testimony if required; and also, that we worked out the cap of the reef at the or rather under the poppit leg. He then goes on to say that the poppet leg was only 9 feet from the battery. Now I have carefully measured the distance between the said poppet leg and the nearest stamp box, and I find the distance between them is not less than 22 feet. Mr. Penglase saw, as my directors have seen, that the ends of the bed legs were showing and that the poppet leg in question was hanging, as also were some of the stays supporting the hopper. But I challenge proof of his statements to the effect that the beds of the batteries were in sight and that he crawled under them. It stands to reason that the ground not having been worked under the battery cannot by any possibility shift, and not having shifted he could not possibly crawl under the foundation. Respecting a certain featheredge piece of ground of which he has given such wonderfully accurate measurements it exists nowhere except in his imagination. He also states that the mine was flooded on Sunday ; this is also incorrect, as it happened on Wednesday at daydawn, the ground giving way in the creek in consequence of having been worked too close to the surface, and on account of the heavy rain which fell the previous day. I am in a better position to judge in this matter than Mr. Penglase, seeing that I know exactly the workings in question, as I myself worked the ground, and it is from my knowledge of ground above and below that I am able to make the present statements, and has also caused me to use the utmost care in securing the same. I maintain that the work of securing has been thoroughly and effectively accomplished. I have levelled the cam shaft battery boxes, also the bed logs, and I find that they are in the same position now as when fixed by Captain Clark and myself several years ago, and as they have not shifted I have taken the necessary precaution to prevent them from so doing. Mr. Peters, the mine engineer, who has had considerable experience in mining machinery, has examined it, and he expressed himself as perfectly satisfied that the work has been done in a thorough and efficient manner." The caritorama in aid of the charities under the care of the Sisters of St. Joseph was concluded on Monday evening, November 7. There waB perhaps the best attendance there has been during the week, and a large qusatifey of goods was disposed of. The drawings in ali the art unions took place, and the successful winners were announced. A number of prises were aho given away as on previous evenings. It is impossible to say at present what are the gross receipts, but when everything has been settled' the proceeds, which will no doubt amount - to a considerable sum, will be an nounced. 