__.A1TS1'ILALIAN ; Ull'. TE8 LADY WITH THE IANTEH:N. S.Aa II consider rh1t an ;1,,,lir. aet nt upon the Jack o'lartern ,! vot lE',ii-hil boys, and our own tner- re-"I etitdlle Irib Friar R?suh, for anly decent lioy would sooner meet a l.ddy than a Irir anytime. even thoug'h it was on tiW bogs. I Iado't been long ii tol colony-" "Oh, don't pn hack into the dark ages, Mr bnly!" s.aid a soilt voice. "Who was that spnke t" asked D .l, turning ron d. "It w,.s you, Mi a Lizzie Jackson, f know by the wicket! turn of your eye. Arnd what cian a hit of a girleen, horn as ye may ita only l yesterday, know about the ,lark ages? Only wait rI. ye're a gradfather and see if I doi't let you know something. But don't inerrupt the epaker, and let me go on. I was a smtrr alip of a boy in them times, and I'd been for twelve months overseer to- -well, never mind names-in England. I was going down to Sydnrar, and an accident to my horse compelled ire to stop for the night Black Creek. I waso,t Black Crook at all, however, fur I'd goo through ..'...thiftownehip, and pulled tip at Anvil c Creek, whIo no inn hadn't been long t built. W? l. I lhad my supper, lit my dudbero, and look a w.lk out into the flont to enjoy my smoke in the open air. Backwards and forwards I walked I just think of nothing at all except wish ng I hadn't been bailed up in that lonely place where there wasn't a decent person to spake to except the landlord, and le was away. I'd walked nearly down to the roadway, and the inn stand. a good pitece back off it, when right forninst ;me coming along the road I see a light, swilnging about like as if it was in a lanern. It wasn't a bright night, for there were heavy clouds threatening a thunderstotm; but I hunci ed-and, tnust the eye of an Irishman for fitding it out-I fancied I see The glint of ormetilingwhite like a petiticoat behind the Ilntern. There was a bilt of luck I hIadn't reckoned upon, conling in the shade of a decent little native girl, and let me tell you thatnextday after the darlin' craytures in my own province of Connnnght there's no girl like the Hunterl River girls, harrin' it may be the Hlawkesbury corn flowers And the Sydney rosebuds ? ques tioned the ladies. Och , they're the divil.entirely for bothering a poor h:llows brains. But that's nayther here nor there. When I caught the sighlt of the periocoat ye may depend that i wasn't look in walk ing down on to ' Ie road, and saRnunt.'ing to wlhere I sawed the light coming, juct as if I didn't see it at all and wee jiust walking along piomiscuous like. I went about fifty ylards when I came to a bridge or what they call a culvert, that carried the road over a bit of a creek that runs into Anvil Creak, and comes down aith no end ofarnsh af'er a thunderstorm or a heavy shower. Justas I got to one end of the bridge the light got to the other, and then I saw at the end of the lantern as pretty a slip of a girl as ever I'd wish to set eyes on, clane made as a mountain goat her black hair banging in long glossy ringlets on her shoulders. She looked a trifle pale, but thlat might have been the light and the clouds and the roads, and all together. When she got to the bridge shie stopped and began loking about on the ground, houlding the lantern down so that she might see the better. There was just !lie chance I wanted to scrape acqulintance, so over the bridge I wint, and coming up alongside of the girleen says I, What is it you've lost my darlin' Ne''r a word she answered me, and she didn't even look up, a+ if she'd heard n,e. Perhaps, thought I, the poor gill's frightened at being met by a lump of a boy along on the road, so I said Don't be alarmed, darlin'. You haven't anything to flear from me, mnd if you've lost anything I'll help ye to find it with all the pleasure in life; still not a word, and she went on looking and looking shout, as if I hadn't been there at all. Well, said I, it's only manners to answer a civil question, and ye might have said, Thlnk'ye air, or Go to the devil, or any other civil answer Not a word,or a turn of the head, but always the same eager searchlling. Bedd, thought I. at last, I havo it, the poor crature's deaf or sel's an innocent. Herl goes to try ! With that I put out my hand with the intention of laying hould of iar by the arm, not with ensy improper idea, but only t, let lIer know if she was !deaf that there was some body there, when she made a sudden spring to the end of the bridge. raised the lantern high into th. iir with one hand. and with the c.thor pointed down to ttie ons' ing tlnder thile roadway, and itt the same tim,' turned upon me a ifce t pIln which was marked such mingled Iorror nd hopeless misery as.I shall nervr target if I live to be as ounI as lIlthluvl-y. I also went with one biundt to the spl,,t, looked down at the placn indioated by the pointing finger, .nd1 could see nothmrnp. One looit was euflieol,t to satisfy mti oftlhat, iand I tlurned round to tell her so, wheni you may fancy I wen a lit staggered at findint no traces of eiti er girl or lantern. 'Iier.. woii no Iece wlero h?as could have hid for etll S do or tlh- roadway wes c "lli for a god dti t:,ce; and hier white dress could. have been ceen, even if she'd blowed out her lantern. I listened, but I couldn't even hier the rustle ofher clothes, and some ol you young chaps I dare say can tell by experience how i fair colleen m y h~ traced by tlhant. However, there I as, all alone and no cign of tile littll fanomsnon tiat wouldn't apake whoen she hadl n e. anci. Well, eaid I to my. PRellf'tlne's hitfe fitl, in the say tlhanll ever was caught; antd I'm not goingto bother my lhead] about a girleen that takes herseloff o n that indelicate manner after making a..Loaolofm into the bargain.'. So back I went to the inn, coniled myself with a drop ot whisky, an. got into a bit of a rll ague with the landlady. Wiho is there living in these parts ? says Well ,re answeredl, there ain't no body hetwonlt ut anl tile village. Mickey Nowlane widow, with her darter, used to live In the empty aottage thaat you see atween hero and thia. illieas, with ail the garden over grown. Iut sih,. lite very soon after her darter died. 'a I'd have thought some one had been liv inta close by, nseinag that slip of a girl pokng about thl road, with a lanterr in her fist. as if she'l lost a tund note and meant to find It." 'The Iandlady stopped me withi-"That's her !" VlWhat her ?" I asked. ' Ildaly Non lan-she that died, And did r you see her?" I don't know about seeing tile girl that died; but I met a nate, good-looking, black. C haired colleen. searching about the bridge b witl a lanternl." "' Tlhat was her. I tell you. There's a many a that's seen her, though more often it's only b tihe lhght.f the 1 ntern that's seen. She don't e do no harm, bless you ; quite thie other way, t for whenever chie's seen it's always a sign a there'll be a flood, and when the water's up in i the creek her lantern's alway'a moving about r at the end of the bridge to guide travellers safe across." "That's decent, anyway. And may I ax c you, Mrs Butts, how it was that site came to t make a ghlost ot Iherscll ?" Silohe was engaged to be married to Phil Rysn, an overseer at Dugull's and they were only about a month off' the day, Phil used to come upn and see her of evenings, and one night thlat he had promised particularly to bring her over something or other, I forgot what, a heavy thunderstorm esmo on, the creeks nil run down bank high, and regular rainy weather set in for tile night. Poor Biddy knew that Phil would come, in spite of all the rain and floods, and so out slhe went with a lantern to be a guide to him at tile bridge. When she reached there she found that it was so covered with wa'er that tile roadway was not visible. Site called and S'lled, but received no answer, and after wait ing up to the time when lie minht be 'oxpceted if he was coming at all, site went home. Some ut easinesa, for which site conld not account, would not allow her to sleep, so just before daylight sile once more lighted her lantern and went out. " T'1is here creek," and the landlldly pointed her lshort fat hand down to the bridge " comeas down floolded half an hour alter rain begins, but it goes down uasr as soon after tlhe rain a ops. Tile morn. ing was fine and clear, tile rain was nll off, and the creek was down so that their was only just a narrow hit of a streant running in the centre of it. Looking for she did'nt know what, rand led on by some awful presentiment of evil, she searched tihe ground, until, reach ing the bridge, shle found her lover's body lying cold and dead, half drawn under the bridge which had caught it, and had at least prevented its being nwcpt away to where it might have been long before it was discovered. ()l course ael screamed and fainted on the body, and there sthe lay until found by some of the earliest peasers by. She never spoke agaIn, and though everything that could be done for her was dlone, by her mother and us women, slhe died on the day that Phil's body was buried. Ever since then sho's been seen down at the briogo whenever there's bad weather coating on, and as you've seen her to.night you may depend upon it that there'll be a flood in the creek before morning." " And was there a flood, aMr l)aly ?" asked one of the latdies. " Sure enough tlhere was, and a rare one too, by the same t..k-n, lthat I had to pass another day at etha Ino, as the coach was unable to get along trim Singleton." " And the lantera , aid you see that again P" questioned Frank. " What wouhl I care about a lantern when there was only a gloast at the end of it?" answered Daly. " iCome now, Mr Daly. on the virtue of t your nath,"and here Frank assumed the ortho. [ dnx forensic attitude, tone and manner, "do you mean to tell us that you, a young Irish man, gave up the lantern and the possibility tof its being carried by a hand of flesh and in t that craven manner ?" y Well, then," sod Daly gave an Irresistibly comic look all round, "as it's put to me that way, I won't say but what I may have looked out at night for the lantern in the hope of , finding a warm little hand holding a grip of s it." it. And now. sir, answer me, yes or no, did you find it P" I'll tell yo, by-in-bye, for see there's the I mistress making aigns to us to go into tay, ard we'll all get into disgrace if we get bothering about and disturbing tile family arrangements." And Daly escaped into tihe house. whither we at once follewed him. And thus our " seance" t was broken up. Concluded. ScENBItBLE ADVIUE..-ton are asked every f day through the columns of newtpapers and by your druggist to uaie something for your Dyspepsia anti your Liver complaint that yor t know nothing about. You get discouraged a tpetding money with but little success. Now to give you satisfactory proof that Green's tAugust Flower will cauren you of Dyspepsia and liver complaint with all its effects, suchl I as Sour Stomach, Sick leadanche, IIabitual a Costiveness, Palpitation of the Heart, Heart S rn,Water, 'Vaterlaroa, Fullness at tihe it of Stomach, Yellow Skin, Coated Tongue, Iln. 9 digestion, Swimming of the Hcead, Low Spirits, &c.;, we ask you to go to youar druggist r and get a Sample Bottle of Green's August t Flower for 8d and try it, or a regular size for 4s. Two doses will relieve you. All cle a mists. Wlhlcsale agents-lloCKtE ToaMITT r AND Co., Melibourno Advice to Motllers.-Are you broken in I your rest by a sick child suofering with tiu p ain of cutting teethl ? Go at once to a celmist and get a bottle of Mrs WVinelow'n saothing Syrup. It will relieve thie poor auol Sferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasantto taste it produces natural, quiet 3 sleep by relioevingtlge child from pain, and the I little cherub awakes as bright as a button." It soothes tile chlild, it softens tile gums, allays Sall pain, relieves winld, regulates thle bowels, 1 and is the bestknsnt remnedy for dysentery Sand diarrhla,wwhere arlsing from teethingor s oalher causes. Mrs Wanslow's Soothing Syrupl issold by medicine dealers verywhere at Is Id per bottle. Manufactured at 493 Oxford street London. FLOIIIBtE.--00 THE TEETHI AND iBRiA'rH.-A few drotp saf liquial " I'loriline sprinkled on awet toothabrnsh prodtuces a y plclant lather, which thorotughly clen tlthe \- teeth from all llaralsites or itputrities hITardens Sthela gums, prevents tartart , stol) decay, gives to th te teethl a peculiar pearly wlhiteness, andt a delightful fragrance to tile breath. I It removes ail unplanstulttodour arising from n ldecnyedl teeth or tobacco smoking. "Tale .Fragrant Florililnc,"being comltosed of part of Ihoneynd tt est he lrbs, is delicious to tile Staste, atnd gr.ntcst toilet decovcry in tihe Iage. P'rice 2s lid, of all chemlists and per e fulner. p'reparedl by HIienry C. (nilup, 4391 f Oxfonrdstret, Londoltn. I THROAT AFFtCOTIONS AND IlOAIISNEBs. All suffering froma irritation of the thront anti h Ioarseness will be agreenbly surprisedl at tle almost immediate relief allordedl by te , ua of Btrown's Broichhial Troches." These ' funoouos lozeIges are nanow nolld ly mItost ras. , icltalhle at ta isd per box. a People troulaled Sswith " hacking coughi," a, "slight cold," or bronchlial affectlions. cannot try them to soon " as sintiltar trotblens if allowed to progress ns I lt it scrioua Putlmonary and Asthtaatic S lkfectionv. Hee ttat the wortdsl "Ilrown's S trlnclhitalt Trocihe" are on the Government SStamp around each box.-lManufactured by JottN I. IttoWN &:cHONB, ]ostol, United ir State. Deolt 4i3 Oxford street Loladon. 