IJiiWiiji THE MYSTERY or MAJOR M0L1NEUX BY MAllCUS CLARKE. CHAPjTEK V.-(Contiriucti') I , . / A VOICE roused me from my reverie* Major Aiolineux himself was at my bait;. "Fayre," said lie,'" I have over heard the in at words of your con versation. 1 do not expect you to pay attention to ihc vulgar iitucieb of an ignorant hind. The btoi-y oi the wceichod hying who lieu buried at yc>ur fad is neither part oi my history nor does it concern my family. The romance wljich wan Bought to he woven around his Bfttue and tiuU of my dear sister h hnsband has been long ago proved false, and it was perhaps the grati fication of a desire to preserve irom derision the hist resting-place of a man more sinned ugainsi ilmn »in ning which caused tin: report to first obtain circulation. When my niece came to live with mc 1 canned the rence, which formerly sur rounded Arthur Savary's grave, to be removed, and, un'teas some chattering imbecile like old ilagally had informed her of the story, this portion of the park po^e^ed for her no more interest than any other, The phantasies of women are innumerable.1' He spoke rapidly, and with some heat, It was quite evident that he expected a reply, and a direct one. '* Mo one, Major Molineux," said 1, " is less superstitious than my self, but i have seen to much ot What is tiil'med superb.tit.iau resolve itself into fact, that I am not pre pared to pronounce any fantasy ot the imagination as wholly baseless. Hut be lore we proceed further, lot me feel sure of my ground. i c.une here only in my character &s; a phy sician in attendance upon a patient, who has been made unavoidably your guest. I hud myself face to lace with an extraordinary enigma -yourself. Your peculiar studies. your secluded hie, above all, youv strange dibappeaiauee horn all so ciety on one day in the week, have combined to raise in me a curiosity which I cannot stiliea What is the mystery "which darkens your life '/" Major .Molineux planted iiimseli firmly ua his feet, and took both my hands in his own. lii* im'o was deadly pale, anil he segued to be nerving himself tor a great effort. "Do not turn from me. Do m shun me," ho said. Had it not been for your persistence, I had never spoken. lUg.Uly is right. One day in each week L am possessed by a devil." " Come, come." said I, a little shaken, despite my self-control, as the powerful old man searched my ayes with his, *' there are many sorts * of devils - devils of wrath, and 'HOW and then, .it the nuicy of such.'* " Ay," said .Major Molineux, " but to be poases&ed;, as I am, by no, I cannot speak it, i could not repeat, nor could you listen to the tale, k'oigei what I have said, and" -he pressed my arm with pain ful violence-" swear io mention to no living so.s.1 that which I have unguardedly bcUayed." "A physician.: lips are sealed without an *r.id 1. "You may rely on me. Ami now I must Bee Miss Rochiord. Let as go in."' He regnuiiHi Ins he It-possession before we reached the house, not daring the dny \v;\s the subjec again mentioned between us, I thought it better tor the develop* ment of the case to permit my patient-lor so I now considered him-to begin a confidence which I feared might be withdrawn if I pre»«4 him too closely. Seeio? # that I touched only on indifferent matters, he presided at dinner with his customary composure, and en* tcrtained us all withi.be stores of a mind acquisitive of information and fastidious in the imparting of it. "The old gentleman was never j more amusing," said Rochford, as I parted from him in the hall. " When we move, Beatrice, I'll ask him to come to Ashmead; {he change would do him good." " Ask lam, by all means," Bftid I, " and I will second your entreaties. I f we can once break the chain of recurring events in his life we may give him another lease of it. Oar intrusion, unwelcome though it was at first, has already roused him into something like gaiety. MissRoch foid should be well enough in a fortnight to be moved, for her case looks in every way favourable." " How can I ever repay you for your kindness ?" said Bocbford. I knew a method by which he oouId repay me a thousandfold, bnt i did not think it wise to mention it nt that moment. Alas! events huon occurred which rendered it impossible for me to ever ask that favour which I prized BO highly. On Wednesday afternoon, Major Molineux. begged to see me alone* lie led the way to his library, iiuciully closcd the door, and, utter much prelude, began to talk about, his malady. " 1 wish to nek you," Bftid he, "if it is possible for a man to be mad and know that he is mad?" " There arc different kinds of madness," said I, feeling that I must speak wilh caution. " An in sane hiun may have lucid intervals ihuiu^ which he reviews acta done during tin: period of his insanity, and condemns them. A man may have an uncontrollable impulse to .?umijiii. u i t.'i iaiji act--aa to jump .-at of a window, fur instance- and yd. I.ms 'juito conscious of the folly, and even v.iiktdntiaa, of his morbid promptings. I knew a case in India of a soldier who was seized with j»i i a "li 1 it a morbid desire. He felt compelled to murder some one very near and dear to him, and at Lut deserted in order to do it. Arrived in the town where the uituidcd victim lived, he absolutely hud himself tied up by the people oi the inn, until the proper authori ties could be sent for to secure hi in. Some months afterwards the object of hia ni.ii itiil lust for blood died, and llit; man ;*t uiict! recovered lie describes his hiiiici'iii^s while 1'tislritUi^ liiit iitiplllsti as tori'lble. Surely no devil worse than this could ponae.^ a man. And yet lie could hardly be t'tilled mail. '' You give me a few grains of conifuit," fciiiil Major Molineux, "though i have no such fearful impulse as that which yon describe. Every week, from ten o'clock on Wednesday night until ten o'clock i»n Friday morning, I am the prey to the most bestial and awful delu sion which it has entered into the nmul of man to conceive. 1 know that the fault is in my own brain, and that 1 am but the dupe of imagination. But where tliat fault lies i have sought in vain to find. Science brings me no solace, and, though my Bense laughs at ray imagination, 1 dare not Confront the hideous tiling which my im agination has created to mock my sense." " You are not alone in your mis fortune, dear air," said I. " There have boon many men, haunted by phantoms, who have lived to make t hem but a source of amusement. The operation of ghost seieing is simple enough. We recall a land scape, which we have'seen. We will it to return, and it is instantly present. That is to say that we project from us that which we wish to recall, and look at it, and listen to it, as if it were again external to us. An artist draws a dead face from memory, while a musician plays an air forgotten by his hearers-the same effort too, of will, which recalled the lineaments of a corpse, and the notes of the opera, could people a house with ghosts, and fill the darkness with the voices of the dead, " Ah,'' said the M^jor, with a sigW "mine is no such illusion as those wliich you have mentioned. No voices of angel or of demon speak to me. No faces, grotesque or enchanting, present themselves to my gaze. My delusion, and delusion it is, thongh sometimes I am half persuaded of its truth, is so horrible, so damning, so fearful in its naked insistance of the beast in. our fallen natures that I have been temped not once, but a hundred times, to tet my spirit free from the soul-destroying bands which en* wrap it," He spoke with sobec vehemence and appalling earnestness. " That this feeling is part ^ the delnsion I know, but that does ^ot maka it store taxable, For nin>! years I have endured a weekly agony compared with which the keenest torments of man's devising are as naught, In body and in soul I have suffered more than tongue can tell. Save that my reason did not desert met I should have speedily qualified myself for a place beside the poor wretch over whose grave 1 confessed my secret; and yet I ask you, can I lay claim to the possession of reason when I jam the sport of an imagining so j foul as that whioh torments me ?" " But," said I, gently, " you have not yet told me the nature of this delusion." " I dare not," said Major Moli neiix, " You would quit the house. To no human ear can I apeak the history of my unspeakable degra dation." He rose suddenly. " To-morrow is Thursday," he said, ' come into my room to-night, and gee what I dare not speak," and he left me. Miss Bochford had regained con sciousness, and I hoped that the next few days would see her in a fair way of recovery, Mrs. Roch ford had laughed off her fears, and attributed, aB I did, the visitant's face to a more mortal source than that of the wandering soul of a suicide. Bochford was in high spirits at the approaching depar ture, and even Mrs. Pennflhorne seemed less terrified than usual. I could not have had a more pro pitious hour for the investigation of the mystery which had baffled me, and I waited with much anxiety for midnight, which-being about the time I had seen Bagally on the previous week- was, I thought, a customary hour with the Major for taking his oddly-timed meal. I was not amiss in my calcula tions. As the timepiece in the hall rang out the hour, the old convict appeared with the tray,; II Your master has desired me to see him," I said, " and I will go up with vou." " As you please," said Bagally, roughly; " but lake care," Pie led the way along the great corridor until lie came to a double door. " If he is not waiting on the other side," said he, "you'll be luclty," and, opening a slide in the panel, he pushed in the tray with its bur* then, bolting the panel quickly. I stood uncertain how to act Bagally turned to descend the stairs. " Will you not go in ?" I asked. "Not Ipr all tbpmoney in Ho bart," said the man, bis very hair bristling, "Listen," I bent my car to the door, and could distin guish tho confused sounds of voices. "Who is with him?" I asked. Gut the old servitor had left me. I was alone, and from the other side of the oak panel came a sound which caused my blood to curdle in my veins. In another instant I should have fled. ." Molineux J Major Molineux!" I cried, and rapped at the panel, The door shot back, and I entered. The passage was pitch dark; but in the distance I conld see a lighted candle in what appeared to be a bedroom. I advanced towards it. The door shut behind me, and I felt someone place what seemed to be a hand on my shoulder. Major Molineux was right. Words refuse to lend themselves to the de< piction of that, which the horror fixed eye saw in that lonely chamber 