V N- i Y wcfiyfiY o w A a w h AN" OLD ENGLISH HOME: HILL HOUSE. (Concluded.) BRAMS- f b TSe hits psrk-gate is held witfo open by a j.oor r.e'ey-do-weel in ft eha*?by old red ccat—John Ellis by name. How ha gets his liviog co ona knows, hut if the?e is a meet ot fox-houodo anywhere within ten mii horsc-s c? yeaSy at a gate for tfcray psnnifa and sixpencsa. There is usually audi a hanger-on to every p?ck of bounde in England—oris who travels immerses distances on- foot to turn up in rmex-.F.cfsd places and gat a few har<3-camed ehillin?® a a bis r«war<2\. We jog Hloffg under ths magnificent silver ture, only to be tq'jfuic-3 by thcs at Strathfieldaaye, hard by; than up the lima avenue which borders th?» cricketground, where thirty years ago the most famous matches in Hampshire were played and as we reach the iron gate3 leading up to the hcuso our little knot of riders has swelled into a veritable cavalcade. Down the drive we trot, past the stables, where the watch-dogs strain angrily at their chains and a little green monkey jibbers with rage and excitement, and in another moment we turn under the shadow of the great house up to the western door. Here all is life and bustle. Twenty or thirty carriages are drawn up by the widespreading Jawn: grooms are holding horses ready for their masters, who are refreshing the inner man with cherry brandy and cold breakfast indoors. A tinkle or bell9 is heard as tlie duchess of Welling ton drives herself up with her three ponies abrea9t, Russian fashion Then a perfectly-appointed brougham, wi'ih a pair of magnificent co'o?, stops in a corner, arid a foldier-like foreigner ia a red coat heip3 out a quiet-locking English lady wrapped up in furs. She slips tiiesi off as her grooni leads up a priceless horse for her to mount, -and jn a moment is in the sMdie, and will ride as straight as any man in the field to-day. Her husband, Count Mbrella, better known as the famous Carli&t; general Cabrera, whose strange and terrible history many years ago fascinated the gentle English heiress, now satisfies his war-like spirit by fox-hunting on the best horses that money can buy, and has settled down into a quiet English country gentleman. The houiids have arrived before us. There they ere—the beauties !—an the gtoen grass, and we ride in among them to have a wosd with Tom Streiman the huntsman and goo'l > George Au&tia; the whip, the latter of whem j haa given me a lesd over many a faw-t. i Gallant Tom! the bravest aiid gentlest of i men, how little wa thought that in a year or 1 two we should never tee your honest face again on earth 1 But you will ba Ljbs? remembered, though ybu. aro with ua no more, and the stosy will b« told for years to come of a day when ths hounds rtn into their ' fox on the South- weetom il-iilwiy. It w&s; in a cutting fifty feat deep, wiih a tremendous fenca at the top. Toia arrived jsisb in time to his hounds o.i ths rails, with poor Reynard dead ia their mi una and the expir sus train from Southampton ppeadicg up the hill at fifty miies an hour. lie crammed hifi horsa over the great post and rr.ils, down tho almost perpendicular side of the cubing, whipped the hounds off, and, es the train rushed screaming by, iode ouS from under the vesy wheels of the engine and up the farther bank with his rescued pack. But now cur master, Mr. Garth, comes down the steps—a sigoai that wa must no longer waste time talking with ocr nsighbcuis, and like a good old friend he gives us a private programme of tho way wa ehali j draw. Stirrups are lengthened or shortened, j I girths tightened, restive horses led away to j ! unobBorveii corners where their owners can ; try to mount without hsiug seen by the • j assembied multitude. Siutram executes a : j war-denC9 on his hind legs, to the delight of j some Eohoolboys ia a wagonette, the terror . j of their fair companions aad the extreme dieguet cf his mistress at having to practice i I the haute ccole before so large an audience, j Ah, my poor Sintram! He dsucod o;ica too j often, and one fine day came to a sad end ! j by falling backward und brosking his neck. j Tom now cornea up to the m?.Bter : " Sh^ll 1 we go, Bir.-" }• " Yet—now, I thiafe." : A crack of the whips and away t*ol9 T.m, j llowad by his tplendid pack R»d hia two ! fchippsrs-in. Then comes tiie m.s^r, and ] v.'e all crowd aittr them pellmoll wi',h hor.,ea i Plunging and kicking, and :vs soan aa wo re i>a fairiy fni.in out in the lltf open nr.pn a Ifin^ kir.d oi' 3t?.'jipe 'takes place among the unruly young onus, and we "see many an involuntary stfieplechase over tha unooth ^reen cricket-giouad. Through tho dark avonueo o* fir tress we cinter to tha temple, a Utile 8utHiaer-h$uuS on a promontory in the sea of wood thii lies below, and wa itand admiring the f-r blue diafcanc viow away to ths Hogabaek and the South Downs beyond Bieiugatoke as the hounda begin their work. There they are: you can Bto their twickllsg tails as they draw tho heather-covered slopes beneath "ua and disappear among the golden-brown bracken, while one o£ the whips^ plunges dowa after them and shakes a shower of amber leaves from the silver birches aa he brnEhae past them. Something streaks away down a gresn drive. A yenag hou»d r/ives tongae, but his no'ie of triumph quickly changes to a yelp as the vigilant whip catches him with the tip of hia long lash and roars, " War' » * In hunting dialect the warning "ware" or "be, ware" is shortened io "war'," as in the old advice "War' horse, war' hound, war' heel !" hare 1" little man ! He has tried to ran what is called a " short-tailed fox," and returns to the pack a sadder aud a wiser dog. Bat now the tails twinkle faster than ever. A low whimper from some of the old bounds, then a burst of joyous mnsic from the pack. " Gone away!" yells Tom, standing up in his stirrups and tooting his horn. Then that unmistakable screech which is EuppoEed to mean " Tally-ho I" from a group of beaters and keepers in the distance, and there, against the park-palings, & beautiful red thing scudding along tbe soft ride, flat to tho ground, his bushy tail flying straight behind him. Reynard himself 1 Now let all look out for themselves. Adieu, carriages I adieu, poor pedestrians 1 We are off, sad ehall not see you again till dinner-time. Through the park-gate we stream away, down the fir avenue, along tha Welsh Ride. We have got a splendid start, and our horses fly on beBide Countess Morcdla, who looks the perfection of a hunting lady In her plain aeat habit just down to her f»:ol;. Reynard is making for Ccomhea'a Wood, but the earths were all slopped this morning at four o'clock; so away he speeds' again, leavieg the rectory and its lovely me»aows and the aeat old church below U6—away paefc the bogs where the cotton- grass and the flycatcher, the blue gentian and the yellow asphodel, grow among the treacherous tuseocke—away to Evereley Wood. Hera the same fate—a faggot or three or four sods in the mouth of each hole—awaitH him; eo, changing his tactics, he strikes boldly acroaa Hartfordhridge Flats for Lord Calthorpe's woods at Elvelham. And now woe to the unwary or to the newcomer who thinks our heathercovered moors are all plain sailing; for along them run long lines of ruts, the remains of the old pack-road of the Middle Ages, worn by the traffic of centuries and now covered deep in purple heath. The only way to get over them, unless you stop and walk, is to jump boldly into the middle, like the man in the nursery rhyme, and then jump out again; horses that have been in the country for a while soon learn to do Hub. But some luckless ensign ho has lately joined his regiment t.b ldershot comes down bodily, and horse nd man roll and struggle in the deep ruts hich William the Conqueror'? packorses helped to tread out as they came rom London to Winchester. How the woods are drawing near, and we cross the old London road—the high-road the metropolis and Southampton —along which ninety etage-eoaches ran every d&y; in the good old tisne3. A mile off to our right, down Star Hill, lies the famous White Lion Inn, now a miserable pot-houee, where George IV. used to stay, and where, on the day that the London and South-Western Railway was opened,i he o!d ©stler out his throat ir. sheer despair, f<-.r Otheiln's eccnputicn w-s gone. Tsn mile.* up ilia road Iks Bjg&ho;'s; Heath, fc':e t.-r?;>r of triveik'/s i:i thou* coaehic-g days. There stood, an- stand* sti'il, aiitiie wayeida ina c&ilsd; V~". Gni'le.i Farmer, wkt-rs minv of the coaches stopped to w>.fc'-r the horses. Tii* weiuie'i iysvt.31ar3 of the end or last e'.vi'iiur;', toached by vh® foncfer solicitude <;i the cb&rming; landlord, coriS'ied to his Bynip&thetic; cup their fea?s of tbe high-vsyci^n who were a&H; to iuf.mj c.he he^.us. Che.3:ta and enoouirasjtd wit.ii assarrr-C'-a ironi their hjsS or the parftcc safety of ihe pa?f,icul',? ras-d 'ihey intended takibg, *he traveller*! net cat. But usually, when they h&i; vom about a mile, tiie coach would s';op v;hh a irnddan je?k. and a m&eked; m^n on a migiiilice:i3 horse would rid© up, pistol in smad, and demand thsir money or their life. Sometimes scirioua ene.mntcra took pl.'.ee wish •ch.is k-ader and his baai, and t'afin tbe wounded &\id tamSed viaijlrr.^ would drag tharosalves back to the Golden Firmer, where tbe host, -full, of som-aiasra^on lot tiioir misfortuaeis, would iivisii cai-e aad Madness upon them. This w<;n: on for year.-?, and it was not -ar.til hundreds of robberies had beeu committed that the dideovery v.as ma3e ot tbe identity oi: the fascinating landlord and the desperate captain or the highwaymen. Many ara the tales t je old people at Eversiey used to tell oi: the " gentlemen old tiie road" in thtir falters' aad grandi'at"h?r.s' time. Even in quiet Eversify itself, a cuiace, lived some hundred yeais ago wh.esstrange career en.-ici on tilt: giiliofts. lie owned a splendid black horse which no one ever e.aw htm mount. Bat it was whispered that if anyone pseped into it 3 - stable in the creature was seen covered with ioaui, bathed in perspiration, trembling as ii: it had just come in trorn u. lovg gaiiop; and at last it was found out that Parson Darby belonged to the gang of highwayman on Bagshot Heith. He was caught redhanded, and banged close to the Golden Farmer, in chains on a gibbet, of which the posts, were still standing forty years ago. But what became of his black horse no one ever could tell rue. Now the London is as safa ana auicb as ?-i_y ozhar wfcll-kapi highly, and the wilde*;. piBssngsr3 upon it aro a w-inderic;; j gipsifs, who travel up and down it irorn fair j to race and from race to fr-ir. Bat IwyaaY'i is spaed'ns; away through j the pieauunti fir-^oode, and we aro following LimaVfaat aaVe can lay legs to groundscrambling OV0! ovo? ts-a rotten banks, eeari-yiug alon-^ v^e sol":, ridee, lying loi? oa oar taddlas to f'-vLij-i the sleeping boujihr., ar.d witcainsT, with tli oui* eyes, for the eiippary rcots that cr:v.vi the uur&ce; of. tlia <»anu> v soil. Down through tiie bogs, across fch* brjdge by i.iia home faFEs, gass fch^ pwk, ~.he i,ilovr fifclOrj^with ht.l£-a-dozea tiaair-idous fonc'-a, which send my hoert up i::-o uiy tcroab fill Siotrsm h.nda me safe c;_-r K&oa.; into tha nr- iVoyd.s up to ths £ of rhvi Qa<»<',n\s Muun'-e; »;jd ther'», where r;ood Qu^ou Bus axi; and 1 , watched the dter bsing c-z vio. up t j her feot, do we run in : .o out g^lliut fox, aaa a " Wlioo-hoop !" frooi T pro;ld.\raa that ltoynard is no more. Baft our r m has led us far frsai home, an t while the hound3 trot on to Dojjoierafield P 'vk to -"iraw the coveifta of Ihe d>:3cen- (Jaatn cf the old rfigiside Miidmuy, iet ue v-fjii:' our wjy once nore BrametkiU uud licifj'-'r a lo^gar r-.boat the torracea and gcivcuna of tho ds&r; old house, Coma back wrh lue, gontls ro-vSer, through ths iron un^e? tha ctombling wTCiiwr»yo cf tha pleaBauvice, v/\ero the Virginia cvet'^Er twines ir.s dalica'.e vtreut'.tR y.nd ^ijriS-.'s iha old stones .in autumn vrith a it-it. hot flara«. Tii-j troco-griiuod, with i:a gresu tui-f as jfiaoot^t as a t-illiard tahle, in' j -isi; is Win in ths days of King J;timg. 'S'haie in the centre is the ir'jn ii-ig fcliroogii which the lor .is and dames drove the hia-y and i£ yuu. go^inio tat v.x-oaen g^Gtn-haU garden-hall tt through ......... iht.it arched car/iJy;- f 6 t^e ac^ baiU ^ taey u,,d cup wlta a k'ad or Ifi>Ii cai hA their er.os, wivh which the play era pu3aed them—forerunners or the modern croquetbox that lies boaide thorn. Under the sunny walla run etralg'rtt, wide boriets, wheco tho bcea m-ke many t.taoiig pinka and Jiliea, raigaoiititte ana yiili-dowerB ; aiid the walls themselves are tangled with oid-fsahioaed roses and honeypucklat. One double yellow roae tree, of prodigious age, ia kspt as tho apple of the gardener's oye. Tradition telle fchat it was brought a hued?od years ago from Damascus—a fact which I am quite willing to believe, for the knotted ateoi tells its own utory, and certainly there nover was a eweetsr rose or one more worthy of coining from the far- famed gardens o,f the East. Many a fchousaad blosscma have I picked from its descendants, foe it is tha ancestor of a hardy race; every euckor of the family grows and thrives in the poorest soil, atid covers itself each Juno with a thick mt»es of canary-coloured biossom3. Daring the three weeks that the yellow briars were in flower every room in Evereley Itactory was decked out with flat bowie of ihem on a ground of green ferns, and purple-black pbttBies mingled with their golden blooms. Bound about the house masses of another yellow flower aire planted with no fpariug hand—the grea^ St. John's wort. Io ia pleasant to look upon, but it has another value. Dare I tell it in the nineteenth century, fcais age of railroads and telegraphs and iron-clada, when epace and time are in a fair way to be annihilated, aud nothing ia s« sacred that it may not be questioned, no" problem so hard that men may not try to Bolve is ? In the days when Bramshill House was built, our forefathers believed firmly in a whole unseen or rarelyeeen world around them of fairies, ghosts, spirits, and witches. Iu come out-of-thewsy corners in England—even ia these days o£ board schools and competitive examinations, when wo are told that King Arthur uever existed and that William Tell is a " sun-myth"—some remnants of ihia belief rtiil linger. In Devonshire, folta epeak shyly and with bated breath of the " good peopleand even in tho year of grace, 1S79, a Warwickshire labourer was had up before the magistrates for h&vicg; with a pitchfork half killed a poor old woman whom lie declared to be a witsb. Bat be that aa it n?.ay, in the reign of .T*mee I. no one doubted the existence of the spirit-wo/ld fibout us, and on St. John's Eve all ita denizens, good aud bad, were supposed to wander freely where they would. One ocly thiog they feared, and that was the groas Su John's wort. Therefore, all who wished to guard houaa and horns from the unwelcome visitors, who pinched the maida, turned the milk sour and plagued their victims with a thousand impish fcricka, planted it freely about their garden 7 .; aud thus it is thaS you cee its golden fit/vvcraamid their shinia^ rich green leaves and crimson ehoots round nearly all old .English home. Do not laugh at these old fables, gentla reader. When we wander over the green turf and through the wide halls we seem to have opened a door that leads us back into the past out of the turmoil of the nineteenth century. And surely for a moment it can do us no harm to leave our striving, hurrying, anxious modern life, and picture to ourselves the days when our forefathers, may be, were ignorant and superstitions, but wli-.n they knew how to build and how to fight p.nd how to write— the days when E a gland became " a nest f singing birds."— Rose G. Kingsley, in vpmncoW 5 Magazine. 