Lecture -Independent Methodist i Church Moonta Mines. j ' • On Monday evening. June 13, the Rev. W. Cooke delivered an interesting lecture in the Moonta Mines Independent Methodist Church on " The Bible/' There was a large attendance, and the lecturer wa.s listened to with great interest throughout. Mr. H. B. ILAICOCK, J. P., chairman, in introducing the lecturer, stated that the title was cne that found acceptance with the people generally, as they accepted the fact that the Bible waa of divine origin, written by inspired men. There were two volumes in the world, the Bible and Ihe book of nature. T4c latter gave a good deal of information respecting Gol. When they viewed the loviiness of nature in the beautiful flowers, and also^ as depicted in the glorious aun, moon and ."tars, they were led to exclaim with the Psalmist The Heavens dcclarethc glory of God and the firmament showeth his handy work.'' Again when they looked into the animal creation they saw the goodness of Go'l in providing for their requirement?. These all testified to God's divinity and the book of nature almost gave as much information respecting god as the Bible.'. Of course the plan of salvation was not made known to us in this book. Science and art had been been brought into the world since the time of our Saviour's mission on earth, but Christ's mission was to proclaim salvation to the people, and die that such salvation might be effected. The bible was made plain to us—very plain—insomuch that, as we were told, " the wayfaring man though fool need not err therein." He wou'.d not detain them longer, as he expected the congregation were anxious to hear the lecture on this interesting subject. He then introduced the Rev. W. COOKE, who said that as they had reason to expect the lecture was fitly opened by the chairman. He was glad that reference had teen made to the book of nature. The nineteenth Psalm graphically depicted God as seen in the heavens, and in written revelation. The Bible was the better book. John Locke, the eminent metaphysician had said " that there was indeed science in the world, but if there was one science better than another it was theology; that which gives us a knowledge of God, and taught us our duty to God and to our fellow creatures, and that was the true end of all knowledge." Theology was the best of all sciences, in that it proposed doing for the human family what nothing else had done As the sun was the centre of all light, so was the bible the best book, it was the voice of God from heaven ; it contained the most sublime stories ever told, and they were alwsys fresh and never tol.d too often. The first part of the bible was written three thousand years ago, by Moses, and the latter part 1800 years ago by John, It was penned by forty different writers. It cot - tained different subjects, about different people, as well as history, creation,prophecy, marriages, fables ; in fact everything relating to human life. . It had lived through corrup- tlon and had never been corrupted in any material sense. No book had ever had more enemies, science and philosophy had put their powers together to try and overthrow ifc, but it had lived through it all, and it lives 'to-day. It never had been more earnestly, devoutly and critically read; it never had a stronger hold of the intellect and hearts of men, than at the present time. It comes from God, but was written by the Jews, a people that in the present day had no political existence. It had been translated into two hundred different languages, since the overthrow of the Jewish nation. Men had defamed if, but it owed its existence to itself. The truths which it taught were not of an earthly character, but a heavenly one, and amonsst all the books that had been written the bible holds the most unique position of all the rest, rut them all together. It defied science and art, and they fail to put it down. God wrote it !' But did not men write it ? some will say. Yes in a sense, men conveyed it to the human and divine in this respect blended sweetly together. The lecturer here, quoted an anecdote which he had read. of a Sunday School scholar, who in answer to a question put by his teacher as to whether the Book was written by men or by God ; answered it was written by man who were made to to think by the Holy Ghost. That was an idea of inspiration. The book itself said " all Scripture is given by inspiration of God and Holy men of God "spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." He would now say a few words concerning inspiration, although he felt that he would rather not. The question had often been asked. What is inspiration ? Many theologians had given definitions of it, bat they had been rejected or adopted as they had aiip jaied to be truo or fal-e to the minds of the people. Tbcre were three theoties put before the world, O-ie was the objective theory which denied . , , , __ made men to be mere machines, which God used and give this peculiar work fo peculiar individuals. Then there was tlu dynamical theory, IIIWJ ^ , which 4V IJ Ik. II showed that tho Scripture \- ' f was the work of Go 1 given to us by human agency. This was the definition that h.- believed in. There were different degrees of inspiration, all parts were not inspired alike. For instance—those who had hea; d the .Saviour's words, and saw his miracles had not so much need of inspiration as Moses who wrote the hook of Genesis, or again Moses in writing the book of Exodus had not so much need of inspiration as Paul when he wrote some of his epistles, as Exodus in a way wrote itself. There were different degrees of in piiation, some far more important than others. The finder is a part of the body, yet it would be far better to lose our finger than our head, because it is not so important. There were the three degrees of, superintendence, elevation. and suggestion. In speaking of the truth of the Bible, the history of the Jews was the greatest evidence of its truth an 1 we mn accept it as true. The rev. gentleman then went on to explain some of the different doctrines, that were contained in the scripture. There was the doctrine of Immorality of the soul. Man in his original state was a benighted individual; his intellect could : not reveal to him the future, Heathens did not know. They heard the argument that there was to be another life, with great interest and had made up their minds in favor of that, but then they heard arguments against the immortality of the soul. and they had given up the other belief, not knowing which was the right one. They longed to be instructed in these things, but were in the dark. Here then was where the Bible stepped in and gave as the light. The Bible told us, and by its own truths proved that man was destined to live for ever, that man had an immortal soul. It also revealed to us that Christ abolished death. This then was contained in the doctrine of immortality of the soul. The next doctrine treated of "was tho restoration of man. Man fell ! but how was he raised ? God died. What then became of the universe ? You ask, could not some one else die ? God said not. This was the only means of lifting man up Christ dying the just for the unjust, the J ^ ^ ^ t]i:U j.jj. nj^jj^jnd Up Wus to civi'.ise them, and educate them, but then there was the ^ J ^kin refined devilry was of the worst kind Bible education was the best. Ir embrrcd civi'isatior, and education. The world said, make men new; the Bible said to the most ignorant and uncivil as well as to the educated, Be ye renewed' It had done everything to place men on a better footing ; and when we were without strength, the Bible told us in due time Christ died for us. Holiness was the next uocti ice the lecturer touched on. The B:Ve was the holiest book in the world, and wa^ held up as an < xamp'e iu this respect. Bui same people would re f er to character a-i displayed by some of the Bible characters. David, Abraham and Jacob and others had been referred to, an 1 the question had been asked, wc;e they models to be held up before the woiki as examples of holiness. lie thought that notwithstanding David's sin. and the sin of Abraham and Hacrar and Jacob's wrong doings, if their lives were seen :n any other book they would be represented as angels. The Bib ib'c sho -' 1 ed the' dark as well as the bn'-h£ sido of a ram's character, and men were punished for their sins, Moses on account of his sin, was not permitted to er.'er Canaan. God inflicted punishments-. He would also say that the New Testament showed a far higher morality than the old. He believed in the progressiveness of the Bible teaching and its accommodation to mankind. It caused them to look heavenward and cease sinning, and from that we say the Bible is the holiest Book in the world. Socrates was held to bo a model of morality, but be failed to come up to the standard shown in the Scriptures. Modern philosophers, such as Bolingbroke, Shaftesbury, Hobbes, Spencer and others, had given us different standards of morality, but all fell below the morality of the Sermon on the Mount, or the two great Commandments " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all they heart, and with all thy mind, soul and stiength and thy neighbor as thy self." He next took the harmony of the Scriptures. This showed the divinity of the book. Could anything but divine agency have caused a book, written by so may different authors, and at so many different periods, and in so many different books, to harmonise, each part being a fu'filment of the other part. No carpenter had ever made his work to dovetail so well as God had made the scriptures to harmonise. The simplicity of John, the fervor of Paul, and the different characteristics of the other writers had been made to blend sweetly together, and to produce perfect harmony. The writers had made Jesus the burden of their song ; it was ali Jesus. In the prophetic age they had the type, but Jesus was the anti type and Christ was the bond that went round and bound them together He nest / treated on the inexhaustibleness of the Bible. ' No earthly book was ever written that was deeper than the mind of man, but what mortal could understand revelation. No finite mind could grasp it. True these were things that were very comforting to us, but a man might as well try to swim across the Pacific ocean, or try and unravel revelation The inspired writer had after contemplating it to to call ^ it a mystery. The lecturer here - went on to show how the heathen nations had abolished their own belief for the scrip tures, and spoke of the purity of its precepts, and the strength of its evidences, and for an houraud half kept his audience spellbound, being frequently applauded. A vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer, Chairman, and Choir, and the doxology and benediction brought the meeting tj a close. 