New Presbyterian Church at Armidale. LAYING THE CORNER STONE. The Presbyterian body at Armidale, recog- nising the unsuitableness of the present edifice, have decided upon the erection of a new and more suitable Church. Friday last was deemed a fitting occasion for the laying of the corner stone of the new building, and the event took place on the afternoon of that day under favorable cir- cumstances. We are indebted to a visitor, who was present on the occasion, for the following particulars of this interesting event. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. Thomas Johnstone, the pastor of the church, at three o'clock p.m. There was a large assemblage : visitors from all parts of the New England district attended, aud there was a fine gathering of ladies. Amongst those pre- sent were : The Rev. Dr. Steele, of Sydney ; the Rev. A. Armstrong, Tamworth ; and the Rev. Mr. Brown, Wesleyan, Armidale. There was the usual display of bunting, and Friday was recognised as a gala day in Armidale. The proceedings were begun by the singing of the 312th hymn. The Rev. Dr. Steele then engaged in prayer. A portion of the Holy Scripture was read by the Rev. Thomas Johnstone, who afterwards de- livered a very interesting address. He re- ferred to the circumstances that led to his ministration in that district, and reviewed the history of the Presbyterian Church. The rev. gentleman mentioned that he had resided in Armidale for twenty-four years, having arrived there with the late Rev. William Purves, for many years resident in East Mait- land. All preliminaries having been observed, Mr. John A. McDonald, Treasurer, read a document bearing the following inscription, which was afterwards placed in a bottle, sealed, and laid in the cavity of the stone. The document was as follows : "This foundation stone of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church Armidale was laid by the Rev. Thomas Johnstone, of Armidale, on Friday, the 11th day of February, in the forty-fourth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, and Anno Domini 1881 ; the Right Hon- ourable Lord Augustus William Frederick Spencer Loftus, G.C.B., being Gover- nor of the colony ; the Rev. Thomas Johnstone, being minister of the Church ; the Trustees : Messrs. James McLean, John McLennan, and Robert McDonald ; Mem- bers of the Committee: The Hon. John Richardson, Messieurs Henry Pearson, Robert McDonald, James McLean, John McLennan, John McDonald, John Cameron, James Lowe Mitchell, John Handebo, Dun- can Hay McDonald, Robert Phillips, Alex- ander Richardson, Thomas William Neil, and John Adam McDonald : Hon. Sec. and Treasurer : John Adam McDonald ; Archi- tect -. John W. Pender ; Contractor : Edmund Lonsdale." With the document the following were placed in the cavity of the stone :-Copy of The Presbyterian newspaper of the 5th in- stant, of The Sydney Morning Herald, 9th instant, and of The Armidale Express, of 11th instant ; one half- sovereign, one florin, one shilling, and one sixpenny piece. A handsome silver trowel with ebony han- dle, and myall mallet (from the establishment of Messrs. Hardy, Bros., Sydney), were han- ded to the Rev. Mr. Johnstone, who was asked to lay the stone. The instruments were suitably inscribed, indicating the object for which they were presented. A hymn having been sung, the rev. gentle- man stepped forward, and, after performing the usual ceremony, said : " I declare this stone to be well and truly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." The Rev. Dr. Steele then delivered a very eloquent address, which was attentively lis- tened to, and the rev. gentleman was fre- quently applauded. He referred to the spread of Presbyterianism, and to the early history of that Church. He spoke of the efforts being made towards the erection of the new church, and asked those present to con- tribute towards the object in hand. He was reminded that the granite stone laid that day was the product of the district, and it was sufficiently strong to stand the pressure of a large amount of gold. Subscriptions amounting to £76 10 s were placed on the stone. The Rev. T. Johnstone read letters of apology from several gentlemen, who had enclosed cheques towards the building fund. At an earlier stage of the proceedings the rev. gentleman spoke of liberal donations received from various gentlemen, and mentioned that Mr. G. L. Gibson, of Longford, Bendemeer, had forwarded a cheque for £1000. Addresses were delivered by the Hon. John Richardson, the Rev. Mr. Brown (Wesleyan), and the Rev. A. Armstrong, of Tamworth, and the proceedings ended with the doxology. We have been favoured with an inspection of the plans of the proposed new building. At the outset we corner sto made considerable progress with the work, tho walls being built to a height of about eight feet all round. The building is to be constructed of brick, with cement dressings, on massive cement concrete foundations. The inter- nal dimensions of nave are seventy feet by thirty feet six inches, having a height of nine- teen feet from floor to eaves, and thirty-seven feet three inches to apex of roof. At the north-west angle of the building is a tower eight feet by eight feet, having a flight of granite steps which forms the entrance to the building. At the south-east end there is to be a vestry twelve feet by ten feet, having also a flight of granite steps up to doorway. The vestry is conveniently situated, giving a ready access to platform of church. The walls of the building all round are supported with weathered buttresses at dis tances of about ten feet apart, with rec- tangular buttresses at all angles of the building. The walls of the nave and tower are pierced between buttresses with two light mullioned windows, having pointed arches, surrounded with label mouldings mitred down on to moulded string course, which stops against each buttress. All the window open- ings recede from face of wall, and have square mullions with heads finished with neat quar- terfoil sunk panels and sills deeply splayed. The front elevation facing west shows a facade having a large three-light pointed window, the head of which is pierced with quarterfoil and circular splayed cuspings surrounded with deep moulded rings and label moulding. The main gables of front and back elevations are finished with moulded capping, having corbled springers. The vestry gable is finished in a similar manner. The front gable is finished with a bell cot, surmounted with an ornamental iron finial. The eastern gable has a large rose window pierced with circular cuspings, similar to the window head of western gable. The tower is in excellent proportion, and forms a most im- posing feature of the building ; it rises to a height of 54 feet, having eight gablets pierced with louvred openings, and is surmounted with a spire rising to height of 90 feet from the ground. The spire is octagonal, and covered with muntz metal. The spire and all gablets are finished with ornamental wrought iron finials. The roofs of building are to be covered with the best purple Bangor slates. The in- terior of roof will be open, having framed principals springing from moulded stone corbels, with collar-beams and curved braces at king posts and to hammer beams. All the beams are to be hardwood, wrought, moulded, and chamfered, and the spandrils filled in with moulded cedar cuspings. The rafters are to be lined with 6-inch cedar and pine boards alternately. The whole of the roof will be varnished, having beams painted and chamferings picked out in contrasting colors. Interior walls of church will be plastered and neatly colored, and blocked out in 12 inch courses. We observe that the ventilation of the build- ing is well provided for, there being twelve neatly-formed louvred gables in the roof to carry off the vitiated air, besides sliding ventilators provided in walls to shut off draught when required. Seating accommodation will be provided for three hundred and fifty persons; but the plan of the building is designed for a gallery at the western end, which may be erected whenever found necessary. The seats, platform, and choir stall will be of polished and varnished cedar, handsomely finished with chamfered cuspings and panelled work, all in keeping with the other work throughout the building. We must not omit to mention that the building is designed in the early English or twelfth century style. Mr. J. W. Pender, of West Maitland, is the architect, and we think the committee of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, Armidale, may be congratulated in having a building, when completed, that will be in every way a credit to the place, and one that will not, we think, be excelled by any other in the New England district for neatness of design and harmony of proportions. 