TIIE PEOPLE OF CYPRUS. O'BOM ST. JAM ES'S BUDGET, NOV, 1". j Xg good census of t'ui! whole islam) hr,= yet been compintcd. The clerks of the land registry office? of i.yprus, who go round at the commenceiuen: of the year to note new propertiesaiid improvement-, record at tlie =ame time tho birth- and deaths oi inalct 'luring the previous IB months, m order to cstabiisii the r.umhers between 18 and Co years of age who should pay half-a-crown a year as tho military exemption tax. Concealmentsare common, in order to cheat tlie tax- gatherer, aud one of the strongest arguments against! this impost is that it encourages fai-ifiealion in the very basis of the statistical information of the island. The Mussul mans also dislike any prying into the harem portion of their households, and an indiscretion on tire part of a clerk in taking such a census in one of the Turkish provinces not long since was the cause of his "murder. This year an endeavour is being made to obtain more accu rate information ; hut some of tbe returns showed clearly that tliey were quite untrustworthy. In some districts in previous years attempts have been made to get fit the rough and approximate figure.-, tmil the results were that in I.imasol in November, 1878\. there was returned a total population of Y.'i.LOfJ living in 10, CX) houses; in Larnaca 10,700 persons inhabited 81(H) houses ; and in Kyrcnia 11\. COO inhabitants and .'1100 houses were returned. This gives for Kyrcnia nearly four persons to each house, .-triil for i.imasol aud Larnaca only a little over two persons, which is an absurdly small proportion, and at onee shows tlie statistics to tie erroneous. In Farongusta district, the commis sioner estimates, tho females are equal in number to the male-:. Ill Lirnasol district only 11, -100 females are tabulated, as against 12,200 males. In the town of I.iinasol we are asked to believe that there are only .71 1 Moslem females to 770 mains, while 111!) Christian females are returned in the 'umc town out of a total population of 2S2?. As to the proportion of Moslems, Kyrcnia dis trict give? 20 per cent.., Larnaca town 27 per cent., Lauiasol town 28 per cent., aud Larnaca and 7'upho district' 72 per cent, each, which instances arc suiiiciciit to show that nearly three- fourths of the native .population is christian. Thirteen villages in Larniteaand 22 in Kyrenia are purely Christian, while four in Larnaca and eight iu Kyrenia are entirely Moslem : but in the majority of villages the population is mined, and live, amicably and hurrnoniously. In these mixed villages there is generally both a Christian and a Modem mukhtar or headman, and a recent ordi- nan-'e for the election of councils in tho town:; gives proportionate representation to both creeds. Ill the village of Knlcbournou, in Knrpa=, which is entirely Mo-'.om. tlie villagers are said to speak nothing but Greek. The f.ire(4: men almost everywhere in the island, but i-pceiiuly in higher Karpas, are fine, straight, well-built fellows while in their prime ; it. is quite a sight to sec when the idle young-ters from tiie far villages swagger in their line clothe through the Friday bazaar of Nicosia, the chief market of the week. Thev move id .out on the road? and tracks generally upon donkeys, without stirrup?, urging the animal by constantly swinging their pendant legs to nnd fro. Distressed by the bad harvest of last year, hundred-, both of men and women, took to work on the Government road?, and, though disposed to laziness, proved, under energetic superintendence, to he hardy, docile, arid enduring. When thev got used to English picks nnd shovels they did a good day's work of nine hours; living ou nothing ieit blnck bread, onions, olives, melons and other frr.it, ami drinking water. Tho contrast between the men and the women, who are generally squat nnd dnwdv figuies, is so remarkable that they do not seem to belong to the same race. The old women who sit iu the weekly bazaar to sell their home-woven studs are hideous in a degree and variety which must be seen to be believed. The inferiority of the female type is ascribed by some medical theorists to poor food, early child-bearing and long nursing of children, house drudgery, and field work : hut these causes do not operate in Cyprus alone, and although they may explain a large number of eases, they cannot he considered to account for ail that we see amongst the Cypriot.s. The people are conscious of tiie fact : and when a remark was made to a wealthy native about the dearth of pretty faces, lie said as a sort of excuse that the Turks "about 2(1 years ago" had taken away all the handsomest, girls to Constantinople 1 Occasionally — very occasionally — one sees a maiden graceful, tail and lithe, whose purely Grecian head is adorned with a pair of Eastern eyes. Tlie children of both sexes are, when heal; ny, charm ingiv pretty from the age of four or iive to eight or 10 ; but the vast majority are puny, pale, and unhealthy. They are nursed too long by their mothers, and are then crammed with all sorts of unfit food, such as olives, cheese, beans. Ac., never getting milk or a farinaceous diet. They suffer more than adults from malarious fever, and almost all are afflicted more or less with disease of the spleen. It is difficult to understand how boys so weakly grow up to be sucli tine men ; but no doubt the less fit do not survive. They have no idea of personal cleanliness, so much that doctors find their patients so extremely dirty that they arc obliged to make it a rule to give them no advice until they arc washed. The mode of life of the people is eminently conducive to fever and ague. They live mostly on the ground ; the chil dren sit. lie and play on it ; the women squat to their work or open-air cooking with the dog, cat, fowls and donkey, on the court or enclosure which adjoins the house and serves as garden also, The carthern lioor of the house is shared by the animals nnd insects, and is merely a portion of tlie enclosure in Which it stands : at the same time the ground is saturated with nil the water that can be got from well or aqueduct, brought in by gutters which wind through the lane before the door. It is diffi cult to im.aginc anything more drearily comfort less than this kind of existence ; and tlie best that can be said is that in the torrid heat in which he passes most of the year thu Cypriot craves for the slinde and fruit of his few trees, nnd finds the damp ground grateful nnd cool. Thus he has a green garden and ague with a rickety and fever- stricken progeny. When wet and winter come, chattering and shivering with cold, he hides in tiie ".house or cowers over a brazier. On one of those bitter days when tiie whistling, snow-laden Bora tears across from the Black Range of Knraman, the bazaar shuts up, and all tlie shop keepers go to bed. The Cypriot " h'ath no music in his soul." All his little remaining desire for rhythm seems to have settled into his feet, and lie dances furiously until exhausted a sort of jig to the endless repetition of a few nondescript monotonous bars of rapid notes, lie takes this recreation in companies, and as he jumps gives short excited yells of satisfaction. He will dance and drink wine or mastic all night, and go away making the mom hideous with his bowlings. Tiie noise of music, to which he jumps is chiefly produced by scraping one — the treble — string of a little fiddle with great rapidity, and lias to all appearances been learned from the mosquito, whicii it mimics with considerable accuracy. The fiddle is gene rally accompanied by tlie bourdon of a zither, which copies well the wearing sereecli of the cieaia. When tlie native Creek breaks into song, he produces a brief nasal drone, whose melancholy sound is often repeated. Tho boys never whistle": but the children, chiefly the girls, from time to time, witli a voice from tlie head and nose, produce a short tune which never exceeds two or throe burs. With all this they have wondrous lungs. Tiie men will send their clear voices ringing through the pure, dry air, across a country side ; in tlie streets aud on the roads they converse, preferably, it would almost seem, from a distance in load tones. When on fine evenings— and all evenings arc fine in Cyprus for months together — whole families sit in tlie lanes oalMiie their doors, thev do not take the trouble to move iu order to visit their neigh bour-', but shout to them with shriii distinctness as they sit. The result is a babel of noise, for all shout together. 1 "our or five women meeting in the street all talk to each other at the top of their voices at the same time ; the parties to a case in court, no matter how many they are, all talk to gether. and it is impossible to silence tliem. But, perhaps, the worst plague is a quiet street with two or three parties of boys playing games in the dust ; they every one yell continuously at tiie full pitch of their lungs, until the brain wanders aud deafness would he a welcomed relief. The conduct and habits of the Turkish portion of the popula tion aro different in almost every respect, liven about the youngest Turkish lx-ys there is an ' air of gravity as they play in tiie streets ; and when, about the age of 10, 'they quit the harem ami assume tlie tarbush or fez, they become even more staid. The closely shut aspect of tbe Turkish houses makes their quarter of the town more se cluded and quiet than the Greek. The house-door gently opens, and a grave Turk, beads in hand, comes forth with measured steps to prayers at the mosque, or a small bevy of Turkish women, wrapped in the white sheets which give them the appearance of ghosts, glide in to pay visits. Apart from these disturbances t!,.:-e is scarcely anything to break tlie repo.se, unless it bo a beggar _ who loudly repeats at the gate some verse? of the Koran in-iil'lie gets his alms of food. Tiie Turks are always well, if not riehiy, dressed, and their type r.n;i gait are dignified and stately compared to the in- ;e rapid Greeks ; and beside; they are clean, an : in this contrast even more strikingly with the.,.. 