TWO OLD ANGELS A CHBISTMAS STOBT. I.—GBAKDMOTHEE BBIGHT. BT E. W. EAYIIOND. Grandmother Bright was just the dearest, queerest old lady that ever lived. With her sweet face, and her silver hair, her gentle but lively ways, her love of mirth, and her quick sympathy, she moved about the village parsonage, or sat in her armchair by the fire, a bless ing and a comfort to all who looked upon her, down to children's children. She was very old. Hardly anybody was left in the village who knew how old she was; and as to herself, she had a better reason than most ladies for not telling her age, for she had'nt had any memory for years and years. Grandfather Bright had been the pastor of the South Church, and now his son Benjamin was pastor, and his hair was getting grey, and the little Brights were pretty well grown, and young Benjamin had gone to college—though grandmother would still get up once in a while, lay aside her knitting and say : " I wonder what has become of Benjamin. He's so still; I am sure the child must be in some mischief!" And nobody knew either, whether she meant the college Benjamin or the Reverend Benjamin. She had seen them both in babymischief in her day, and she mixed up the past and the present very comically. Yes, she was very old, and her memory was gone, as I said before—only I shouldn't have said that exactly; for I think, in truth, she had kept the best part of it. All such unnecessary rubbish as we lug about in our memories—dates, and facts, and histories— Grandmother Bright had laid aside in her quiet, cheerful way. She didn't want them any longer, and she wouldn't be bothered with them, But the love, and joy, and faith of a long life she had kept, saving the best part of all that had ever happened to her. Her husband, and her children, and their children, were all in her heart, with many other friends. Some were in heaven and some on earth—she did not know the difference, or perhaps she had found out how small the difference is. Old, did I say? Grandmother Bright was growing immortally young. She wasn't a bit solemn or gloomy, but as merry as a maiden. She delighted in innocent little practical jokes. She would slip into the Reverend Benjamin's bedroom, and double the sheets in such a way that, when he had put out the light, he would find it impossible to get his feet down into the bed; and the arrangement would be so intricate that he couldn't straighten it (men never are very skilful in such matters !) without getting up in the dark and hunting for the matches she had hidden, to strike a light and make the bed all over again. And in the middle of it all, she a would rap on the partition, and call out: " What's the matter, Benjamin, that you can't a o Bleep? Had'nt I better bring you some w catnip tea? " a Everybody liked her little tricks, because t she enjoyed them so much herself, and there v was no malice about them. Even Uncle James, though he pretended to get very angry, used to laugh at last. He was her brother, much younger than she, though now very old too. But age had affected him differently He had kept his memory pretty well, but his eyesight was poor and so was his hearing; and he was very crusty in his temper, though benevolent enough at heart. But I notice that people who practice impatience all their lives don't grow gentle all of a sudden in old age. Moreover, Uncle James could not understand how anybody could fail to remember things ; and, though Grandmother's eyes were bright, and her ears sharp, and her footsteps light, he thought she was broken down entirely, and felt quite superior to her, particularly when she kept asking the same questions over and over again, and forgetting the answers before next morning. He had been married three times, and his third wife had died ten years before. Grandmother would begin a conversation with him in this fashion, while he pored over the newspaper: " Jimmy, let me brush your hair. What nice hair you have ! But its turning grey." Uncle James (who liked to have his hair brushed) : " Well, well; I should think I knew that." Grandmother (after gently brushing for a few minutes) : " Jimmy, why don't you get married ? " Uncle James (sharply) : " I did." Grandmother : Why, who was she, James ? What was her name ? " Uncle James: " Maria." Grandmother (timidly) : " James, is she livin' ? " Uncle James (who has been through this catechism before, and only tolerates it because he likes to have his hair brushed) : " No; died of consumption years and years ago." Grandmother: " Well, James, don't you think it would be well to marry again ? " Uncle James: "Did." Grandmother: " Why, what was her name James ? " , Uncle James (throwing down his paper) : " What's the use of telling you anything, Betsy ! I've told you the whole thing a hundred times. Amanda!" Grandmother (brushing away till he take up his paper again) : "Well, just tell me one thing more ; James, is she dead ? ,' And then it was: " What did she die of? " and so on to the third wife, Louisa—Uncle James getting more and more vexed and surly, until at last he shouts out the cause of her death : " Broke her neck ! and I never married again, and I don't mean to, and now I hope you're satisfied! " whereupon Grandmother gives a little shriek of surprise, and retreats to her corner, where she stays until Uncle James has fairly got at his paper again, when she quietly slips forward and lays a couple of lozenges on the table within his reach. He is very fond of lozenges; and by-and-by, seeing these over the silver rim of his spectacles, he accidentally, as it were, lets his hand stray in that direction, and presently one of them is popped into his mouth. Now, it is recorded that upon one occasion these were pepper lozenges, the inside of which is like burning fire, though there is a thin layer of pure sugar on the outside, which tastes very well until the pepper begins to come through. So you may well believe that after a few moments of silent satisfaction, Uncle James rose up and howled, while Grandmother Bright placidly inquired: " What's the matter, James ? Have you swallowed a hornet? " At this, out went Uncle James and banged the door after him, while Grandmother Bright laughed heartily in her arm-chair, and said to herself: " Do him good—my lozenges are just the thing for a hot temper." And sure enough, in half an hour back comes Uncle James, and says: " Look here, Betsy; I was just going by the store, and I thought I'd get you some o' that yarn. You musn't mind my ways, you know—and— and—look here—if you won't give me any more thunder-and-lightning candy, I'll give you no hard words !" II.—AUNT PICKEBELL. Aunt Pickerell was Uncle James's second wife's first husband's sister. You see Uncle James's second wife was a widow when he married her, and her first husband was a Pickerell, and old Miss Pickerell had always lived with them. So when Uncle James took Mrs. Pickerell, Miss Pickerell " continued right along," and in that way she. had continued ever since, through the administration of the third wife also ; and now she was an ancient fixture in the parsonage, as much as the tall clock in the kitchen, or the big Bible on the lamp-stand in the sitting-room. She wasn't a bit like Grandmother Bright, except that she too had lost her memory ; but then a good part of her wits had gone with it, and of cheerfulness, if she ever had any. She was coming into the conversation with texts Scripture—the words of which she retained, very little notion of their meaning. But, people who open the Bible at random sometimes light upon an extremely appropriate so Aunt Pickerell's sudden quotations were now and then awfully adapted to the oc casion, so as to produce a general consterna tion or amusement, according to circum stances. Thus, when little Mary Ann, who was a pre cocious and universally admired baby, was heard screamingup-stairs, while the family were gathered for prayers in the sitting- room, Aunt Pickerell interrupted the reading of a chapter from Nehemiah with a verse out of Proverbs: " Doth not wisdom cry ? and understanding put forth her voice?" And once, when a young minister from the Corners was exchanging with Mr. Bright, and staying at the parsonage over Sabbath, she broke in upon a very learned and edifying dis course of his, addressed to Uncle James, with this scrap of Second Kings: " Speak to thy servant in the Syrian language; for we under stand it." The young minister stared a little, laughed faintly, and began to talk about some thing else. But he didn't get away from Aunt Pickerell so easily; for a few minutes after, when he mentioned that he had received a call to one of the leading congregations in Liver pool, she spoke out solemnly from her corner " I called not, my son; lie down again!" People could never get quite accustomed to Aunt Pickerell and her texts. Everybody was rather afraid of her, except Grandmother Bright. It was beautiful to see the friendship of these two old ladies. Each one seemed to lay aside part of her character out of deference to the other. Grandmother Bright never teazed Aunt Pickerell, and Aunt Pickerell never reproached Grandmother Bright. They called one another by their first names, Eliza beth and Mehitable; and they would sit together by the hour, gossiping away in the most amicable and contented manner. They never had any trouble about subjects ; for they could go over the same ground day after day without being aware that they had discussed it already. But when one of them recalled from the days of youth any particular topic, the other, out of pure sympathy, immediately seemed to recollect all about it. So they crooned away on opposite sides of the sittingroom fire-place, nodding amiably to one another —Grandmother Bright less lively and mis chievous than usual, and Aunt Pickerell less solemn and severe, yet occasionally venturing, s the one on a text, and the other on a joke, Parson Bright once called them the two old angels; and when objection was made with reference to Aunt Pickerell'ssomewhatforbidding ways, he said, with earnestness: " She has had a sad, monotonous, dependent, lonesome life; and experience has left her scarredand not beautiful, But she was a good woman, and tried to do her duty—and if we cannot see the angel in her, let us be thankful there is somebody who can." And Grandmother Bright seemed to entertain the same opinion ; for once, when Uncle James blurted out one of his rough opinions about Aunt Pickerell's long face and stern sayings, she said, archly ; " Now, James, don't be too hard on Mehitable. She never had a family of her own to take care of, nor husband to take care of her. She never was married. People that are married grow goodnatured. Jimmy, why don't you get married ?" To which Uncle James replied hastily, " There, don't begin that catechism again! I've told you all about that hundred times. Very likely it is hard on Mehitable, though. She always was a good, faithful woman; I'll say that for her. When Amanda had the dropsy, she nursed her like her own mother, well, well, let her preach ; it's all the comfort she's got, now her wits are gone. But I'd rather have your mischief, Betsy, than her goodness." And Grand' mother Bright, falling back neatly on her memory, finished the conversation with—" You are so good-natured, Jimmy; I think you must have been getting married. Who is s' James ?" III.—THE WILD IDEA. One Christmas afternoon, it so happened that all the folks were out of the house, and the two old ladies were alone, chatting away most comfortably, and mixing up past and present in an amazing manner, as they exchanged reminiscences and opinions. Suddenly Grandmother Bright saw Dr. Hopkins and his wife drive by in the old chaise which had carried the doctor with his bottles and plasters for twenty years. He and his wife were on the shady side of fifty; and their grown-up son was a lawyer in Manchester; but to Grandmother Bright years were as nothing. "Mehitable," said she, "there's that young Hopkins a-ridiug out again with Lucy Mather. It seems to me if I've seen 'em once, I've seen 'em a dozen times. It's high time he spoke out. Folks have begun to talk already." Aunt Pickerell nodded gravely, and muttered, " How long shall the wicked flourish ?" while Grandmother Bright, who was accustomed to these scriptural interruptions, went on: " Poor thing, she looks pale aud thin. She's gettin' old before her time. Tired of waiting." To this Aunt Pickerell assented profoundly, and remarked that the days of Methusaleh were nine hundred and sixty-nine years. "Her mother was an Endicott," continued Grandmother Bright, " and I recollect Lucy w t when she was a baby. It seems no longer ago than yesterday, and here she is a-riding around with Luther Hopkins! You recollect the Endicotts, Mehitable?" Aunt Pickerell replied that she did, and that all flesh was grass, and Grandmother Bright went on. "Lucy's mother was a handy little body, but she wasn't to compare with his sister Isabella—she that married Oliver Newman. I stood up along with her at her wedding, and I've got a picture of her in my breastpin, that was painted in Liverpool —just as she looked in her wedding clothes, the prettiest picture that ever was. I declare, I believe I owe Isabella Newman a call. I haven't had a chance to call on her this I don't know how long, with the darning, and mending, and knitting. Mehitable, let's hitch up the colt, and go and take tea with her." This astounding proposition aroused no surprise in Aunt Pickerell's mind, though such a thing as either of them leaving the house alone had not been dreamed of for years. But she was accustomed to respect Betsy's 'energy and superior intelligence ; and on this occasion, she produced an unusually apt quotation, declaring, " Whither thou, goest I will go! " And thereupon the two old angels began to make active preparation for visiting Isabella Newman, who had been dead and buried a dozen years. After getting on their hoods, shawls, and goloshes, they went out to the barn, to find the colt. What Grandmother Bright called the colt everybody else had long called the old mare. She had been a colt a generation before; but now she was toothless and stiff, *and had been retired from active service. All summer she went loose in the pasture, pretending to prance occasionally in a feeble way, and in winter she was honorably installed in a warm corner of the stable, and fed on the choicest mash. She whinnied with joy at seeing Grandmother- Bright, who patted her fearlessly, sayfng, " Whey, Pony! "—and no doubt the mare said to herself, "Here comes my dear young lady." It was wonderful how easily she allowed herself to be harnessed, putting out her nose for the bit, and taking care not to whisk her tail. And when the two old ladies had lifted up the "fills" of the dusty and venerable chaise, what should the mare do butback right in, as dexterously as ever a duchess at a Queen's reception backed out! Then they climbed up into the vehicle, and when Grandmother Bright shook the reins as if she were spreading a table-cloth, and said G'dapp," the old mare looked around, saw that everything was right, and ambled rheumatically through the barn door and the open gate, out into the high road. There was a little snow on the ground, and Grandmother Bright, tranquilly triumphant so far, said she was half o' mind to go back and take the cutter; but Aunt Pickerell made a solemn, announcement about " a wheel in the middle of a wheel," which was probably intended as a protest; and so she gave up the notion, remarking that, after all, it was perhaps better, the colt was apt to be skittish with nners. IV.—THE NEWMANS. Yes, Isabella Newman, born Endicott, had died a dozen years before—and died of a broken heart. For Oliver Newman, though a reasonably affectionate husband, had proved a stern father ; and when he drove Grace away, the mother faded, and pined to death. Grace was their only child, and, through twenty years, the sunshine and music of their house. It was when the young school teacher, boarding one winter with them, fell in love with Grace, and asked her to marry him, that Oliver's pride and obstinacy showed themselves. He forbid the young man to appear in. his family ; he got the school given to another teacher • he commanded his daughter to put all such nonsense out of her head; in short, he behaved in such a way that even Isabella took sides with the young people. And after a year had passed,[and nobody had changed an atom in. determination, the school-teacher returned to the village, and married Grace in spite of her father, who did not try, indeed, to prevent it, but declared that neither of them should set foot under his roof again. Isabella went to church to see them married, and then, as the folks said, "just went into a decline." In a few months Oliver Newman's house was desolate. Then he locked up his memory, and became the hardest and coldest of men" All alone in his great house he lived, growing rich almost without effort, because he spent little money aud saved much. Many letters from his daughter he returned unopened, until, at last, no more came. It was not so easy to prevent thoughts of her from coming;' but le smothered thein, or turned them into bitterness, by making himself believe that he, and he only, had been outraged, defied, and deserted. This Christmas afternoon, as he sat before his fire, looking into the blaze, his conscience seemed to be unusually aroused. He began to feel that revenge had brought remorse. Not that he remembered it was Christmas. He only felt how lonesome he as! Even the housekeeper had gone away o spend her holiday with lier relatives iu Glasgow; and he, in his feeble old age, had neither relative nor friend in the world. He had estranged them all. So he sat before the fire, himself afire with conflicting emotions. Evil and good influences were struggling for his soul; hut it was au unequal fight; for the soul had been too long given over utterly to Belfishness and hate. If only some blessed angel could enter, to throw victorious overweight upon the celestial side ! Or if he could even have known what was at that moment taking place not far away! Alas ! poor Grace had lost her husband, after a dozen blessed years of mingled joy and sorrow. Poverty they had always borne, yet never absolute need. But, when her stay was gone, there was nothing left for her and her only remaining child—a daughter, and named . Grace like herself. Weak and almost dying, she had managed to return with her child to the village where she was born. She arrived the day before Christmas, and, fortunately, found shelter with a friend of her youth. But the story she learned of her father's character and manner filled her with dismay. She began to fear he would visit his hatred upon her innocent child; and the agitation which this thought caused her was too much for her strength. Before morning, it was evident that she could not live. She had burst a blood-vessel, the doctor said, aud was too feeble to rally from the shock. And at noon, with little Grace's head leaning against her pillow, and her arms clasped around the child' s waist, she died, and was at peace. Her last injunction to her daughter was to find Mrs. Betsy Bright; to ask her if she remembered Isabella Newton ; and to tell her that Isabella's daughter Grace had sent her Grace to her mother's dearest friend. Then she died, and little Grace, a child of twelve years, was left in the world alone. People came aud went, busying themselves with the care of the dead, while she sat unheeded in the corner of the room. But at last she was roused by hearing her own name in the conversation. "Nice child," said one of the women; just the very image of her mother at her age. S'pose now, her grandfather should take her up and do for her ; she'd be a mighty comfort to him. If he could only see her J now!" " He !" replied another woman ; " he'd like nothin' better than the chance to put that child in the poor-house. I tell you, Oliver Newman hain't had a feelin' since his wife died, except to hate that school-teacher, and the wedding, aud all that come on't. Not that he ever exactly hated this poor dear lamb," she added, looking tenderly upon the face of the dead; " he never mentioned her name, as I've heard tell; but I fancy no man actually hated hei But he hain't no call to love this child." " Poor thing," said the first speaker, don't see but she'll have to go to the poorhouse, 'tenny rate, for a year or two, till she's big enough to be bound out, and make herself useful." Little Grace had listened with horror, and heard enough to bring her to a swift decision. She remembered well her mother's dread of the poorhouse ; and she was determined never to go there. She would run away, and find Betsy Bright. So out of the room she slipped, and down the stairs, and away up the high road." V.—THE ANGELS' VISIT. It was Christmas-day, and the good villagers, who had early and heartily bid one another " A Merry Christmas," were, with one solitary exception, celebrating the happy festival in the true gladsome Christmas spirit; not but what they were imbued with this same Christmas spirit of peace and goodwill every day of the year; and Him they followed, who was born with that spirit into the world, on whatever day. It was a pity that one man did not also take the joy and comfort of the Christmas celebration ; for the heart's Christmas is the best, after all. But to one who sat, like Oliver Newman, wrapped in his own gloomy thoughts, Christmas bells would have been no better than the tolling for a funeral. Very likely he would have wondered who was dead, as he wondered now, when the bells really did ring a knell. Mechanically he counted the strokes. It was a woman, and thirty-three years old. Thirty-three years ago his Grace was born— and where was she now ? Meanwhile, the two old angels were jogging along the road, in excellent spirits, on their way to take tea with Isabella Newman. Grandmother Bright had the faculty, as I have remarked, of retaining, without much regard to date, the impression of all sweet and pleasant things that had happened to her. Sorrow, and particularly death, she seemed not to remember at all. That was why her world was full of friends and friendly thoughts. She never lost any one she loved, and so the years brought her on increasing, instead of diminishing, treasure. She had attended the burial of her early companion a dozen years ago; but that had now passed altogether out of her mind, while she recalled quite clearly how her happy wedding, and her joy when Grace was born—the very Grace whose lifeless form, the form of a worn and wasted woman, now lay prepared for the grave in the house of Dr. Hopkins. The old chaise went by, and its occupants were quite unconscious of the scene within. Nor were they noticed by anybody. But a quarter of a mile beyond they overtook a child, trudging bravely over the light snow, bareheaded, and not warmly clothed, but flushed with walking. Grandmother Bright pulled up the old mare, and called out, " Mercy on us, child, what are you doing out there ? You'll get your feet wet, and catch your death of cold. Why, as sure as I live, I do believe it's Isabella's Grace ! How you have grown, my dear !" " Like a green bay-tree," said Aunt Pickerell, graciously; while her companion continued, "But what upon earth sent you out this way ? Little girls shouldn't go away from home without asking their mother." Here Grace's hps quivered, and the tears began to fall. " Mother is—I have lost my mother, and I am going to find Betsy Bright," she faltered. "Bless the child ; she's lost, so she is," said Grandmother Bright. " Only to think of it! a little thing like that, starting off all alone, to go and make a call on me, and getting lost! I never did hear the like ! Why, dear me, I'm Betsy Bright, and here I am going out to tea. You just jump right into the chaise, and we'll make you comfortable !" To look at the old lady was to believe her ; and Grace climbed up, to be tucked into the middle of the seat, and covered with shawls. In a few moments, tired out with her grief, and excitement, and exertion she was fastasleep. Grandmother Bright was quite aroused by the unexpected incident, and talked incessantly about it. " Do look at that face, Mehitable; just the image of Isabella Bndicott all over. What could Isabella have been thinking of to let her go out that way ? She'll be properly frightened to find the girl is lost. I'll tell you, we'll give her a good lesson. Grace, here, don't know where we are going to tea. When you catch a runaway child, never tell 'em you're going to take 'em home. That's just where they run away from. Tell 'em you're going on a visit, and want them to go along." And Grandmother Bright smiled sweetly at her own wisdom. " But we'll play a little trick on Isabella. We'll ask her what has become of Grace ; and then when she has worried a little, we'll just bring in the child, and have a good langh over it." Aunt Pickerell nodded graciously to everything, though her only remark was, that the laughter of fools was like the crackling of thorns under a pot. When they reached the Newmans' house, they climbed out upon the horse- block, and hitched the old mare securely ; and then it was found necessary to wake Grace, because she was too heavy to carry. Grandmother Bright was afraid the child would object to enter her home ; but Grace, to whom the house was perfectly strange, made no opposition whatever. " Catch me knocking! " whispered Grandmother Bright. " I mean to surprise her." So she opened the front door, and passed through the long hall. She knew the house as if she had visited there but yesterday. At the end of the hall she planted Grace on a chair, with orders not to stir, if she wanted something nice. The poor child was too experienced in sorrow and care already to mind this little bribe; but she had no wish to do anything but be guided by this dear whitehaired lady, who was now her only friend. Then Grandmother Bright opened the sittingroom door suddenly, and in upon Oliver Newman walked the two old angels. " Good afternoon, Oliver! Well, who would have thought to find you at home, right in the middle of the day, almost. We thought we'd just come round and take tea with ye this afternoon. Miss Pickerell, Mr. Newman ; Miss Pickerell, Mr. Newman. Oliver, it does a body's heart good to see ye ! Take off your things, Mehitable! " With that, they both took off their shawls and bonnets, smoothed their " fronts " before the glass, and made themselves very much at home, though with perfect dignity, according to the rules of politeness. Oliver Newman had risen to receive them, in a dazed way, as if he thought they were ghostly visitors. He still stood watching them, with a haggard glance, while the memories he had kept under iock and key for so many years burst through bolts and bars, and came surging up in a tumultuous crowd. As Grandmother Bright turned from the glass to seat herself on the settee, where Aunt Pickerell was already installed, he saw the great oldfashioned brooch upon her white kerchief— the brooch containing the picture of Isabella in her bridal dress and veil. This vision of his beautiful, innocent, and happy love filled his cup to overflowing. He made no sign ; he stood as if struck into marble ; yet within him his soul writhed and cried in bitter pain and shame. But Grandmother Bright, bless her heart! hadn't a bit of an eye for tragedy. She was not conscious of anything unusual; and, after she had seated herself, spread out her skirts, and folded her hands in her Lap, she said serenely: " Now, Oliver, don't stand on our account. You see we're comfortable. I suppose Isabella must have seen us coming up the road. You might as well tell her, though, not to go making great preparations for us. We came to visit her, and just take a cup of tea, that's all" Oliver fastened his wide, staring eyes upon her, and said slowly, in a strange, hollow voice, as if something else spoke through him: "Isabella is dead this many a year!" At this, Grandmother Bright gave a little cry of surprise—not of horror. She never showed any such feeling. When she inquired after people, and was told that they had left this world, she felt as if they had gone unexpectedly to Manchester or Liverpool, and her principal feeling was sympathetic curiosity. So now, after a moment of decorous silence, she began : " Oliver, what did she die of ? " Here Aunt Pickerell came out sudden and strong. Something in the appearance of the unhappy man indicated, I suppose, a struggle between remorse and hardened denial of sin. At any rate, whatever put the fancy into her head, she rose stiffly, pointed her forefinger at him, aud said with startling emphasis: " Where is Abel, thy brother ? " Oliver shuddered at the words, and the charge they implied; but he never took his eyes from the picture of' Isabella, on the bosom of Grandmother Bright. "Yes," said he, in the same strange, involuntary tone— the voice, as it were, of that buried memory which had just found resurrection in him, and was speaking through the door of its tomb— " yes, her blood cries out against me. She died of my selfishness aud hate, and of the loss of Grace, which was my fault, too. All mine, all mine ! " Grandmother Bright was perplexed with this reply, until she heard the loss of Grace alluded to. Then she saw her way clear, and said briskly: " Your fault; of course it was. Isabella would never have let the child go away in that manner. But men are thoughtless. I suppose, now, you actually sent her, with nothing to her back." He bent his head in confession; and she continued, with a gentle determination to give him a good lesson: ''Now she's lost. Ain't ye sorry she's lost, Oliver ? Don't you wish somebody'd find her and bring her back r " That broke Oliver Newman all to pieces. He uttered such a terrible, passionate, wailing cry, and burst into such a tempest of sobs and tears that for a moment or two his paralysed visitors could do nothiug but gaze upon him with amazement. "The man's crazy!" said Grandmother Bright." As Nebuchadnezzar," said Aunt Pickerell. Presently he began to call upon his daughter to return and forgive him. " Oh, Grace! Grace! come home, come home to me!'' Then the door opened, and on the threshold stood the child Grace. Flushed with recent sleep—bright-eyed, innocent, and brave, aud fair of countenance—the image of her mother, she stood and looked upon the company. Grandmother Bright was more perplexed than ever, for Oliver suddenly ceased his outcries, and gazed upon the new-comer with unmistakable awe, as if she were a ghost out of the past. There was a dawning joy on his expression, too, but overshaded yet with trouble and fear. "You called me," said the sweet voice of the child. It was the very voice, too, of his lost darling. Ah! how his face softened as he gazed upon her ! how the wrinkles and hard lines seemed to disappear ! If this was a miracle, and Grace had come back to him, a child, to begin again, aud give him a chance to be a wise and tender parent, then he would go back to his younger manhood too. A smile of unmistakable love stole over his face. He stretched his arms to the child, and she went to him with her eyes fixed, at first in serious inquiry, and then in perfect trust, upon his face. So Hope was clasped in the arms of Memory, while Love, in the person of Grandmother Bright, looked benignly upon both. Then Grandmother Bright quickly slipped out of the room, and beckoned Aunt Pickerell to follow. When they had successfully started on the return journey, Grandmother Bright broke silence, with the remark : " I don't understand all about the circumstances, but I could see, plain as day, that that child—that Grace—took it in at a glance. Just her mother, Isabella. Endicott all over. But one point was plain enough; we did a better thing than we planned for when we carried that child home. And so I shall tell Isabella next time I see her." " Where the wicked cease from troubling, and the weary are at rest," murmured Aunt Pickerell; and the chaise rolled safely into the parsonage yard. 