(ff glttim GRANDFATHER'S STORIES. THE FAIRIES' GIFT. You might have travelled a long way ero you had discovered grandfather's match in the way of tale-telling. His very look was big with the marvellous, as he sat in his armchair by the fire, with at least a dozen of his grandchildren romid him. As certain as winter approaohed, the old gentleman prepared a budget of entertaining yarn* for his youthful audience, who were sure to. gather about him. And it would have done your heart good to have seen his merry face, all aglow with kindness, as he sat in the "ingle nook" smoking, and calmly contemplating the eager look* of tbe juveniles. **My dears, I am glad to see you all," saya grandfather, laying aside his pipe in the cbjmney corner. " I promised to relate a aeries of stories. Now, which will you have—ghosts or fairies, eh ?" The young folks voted with one accord for the fairies, and the narrator began— " Once upon a time two men were tramping in company through tbe Australian hush. One was a runaway sailor, the other a tailor. One evening, when the sun had sunk behind the hills, tbey heard the sound of distant music, whioh became dearer and dearer. The tones were uncommon, but so inspiriting that, forgetting their weariness, the trio walked on. The moon had riBen when the pair arrived at a large hill, on which they perceived a number of little men and women, who had joined hands, and were whirling round in a dance with great spirit and delight, and ""p'n thereto in tU sweetest manner possible, and so making the music which the travellers had heard. In the middle of the cirde sat an old man, taller than the others, who wore a pink coat and an irongrey beard, so long that it reached down to his waist. The tailor and^his companion stopped, full of wonder, and looked on at the dancers, when the old man invited them to join in, while the cirde opened readily to receive them. The sailor, who was a fearless fdlow, stepped boldly into the ring, and took hands with a Dretty maiden, who rewarded him with a smile that a king might envy; but the tailor was afraid of the wee folks, and held back. When the dance ended the old man took a broad-Mad ed knife which hung at his girdle, sharpened it, and when it was fit he seized the sailor, and then the tailor, and shaved off both their beards and hair with the greatest dispatch. Neither of the mortals offered the slightest resistance, and the fairy having completed his work tapped them both en the head in a friendly way, and at the same time pointed with his finger towards a heap of stone* whioh stood on one side, and showed them, by signs, that they should fill their pockets with them. Both obeyed, though they had a good laugh at the thought of burdening themselves with common stones. As they journeyed onward and had got beyond tbe hill, the sailor turned and looked back, but as he did so the singing ceased, all disappeared, and the ridge lay soli buy in the moonshine. The two wanderers found lodgings beneath a huge gum, but forgot, through wear! new, to empty their pockets of the stones. A heavy weight pressed upon their limbs more than usual, and when they awoke in the morning, lo! they could hardly believe their eyes when they discovered that the paltry pieces of rock were transformed into lumps of pure gold. They were maw become quite rich; but the tailor was dissatisfied. He wanted more of the stones from the hillock. A miserly man, the more he possesses, yet desires an increase; and it ao happened that our friend Snip attempted to persuade the sailor to accompany him to tbe old man of the hill, but the sailor answered— "Nay, friend; let well enough alone. I am content with my good fortune. This treasure will buy me land. I will many my choice, and will settle down a hapny man." The tailor laughed in scorn. "Tut," said he, " Biches are everything in this world. Here we can have gold for the asking. What a fool you will be to refuse it." The sailor was not to be reasoned out of his contentment. However, he promised to wait the return of the tailor. Strange to relate, this matter had no sooner been settled between them than the sailor found to his astonishment that hi* hair and beard had grown to its original length. Yet his comrade remained as bald os a pikestaff. In tbe evening the tailor slung his empty blanket across his shoulder, that (he might be well fnrmshed, and then set out on his mission to the enchanted hill. Zt waa well-nigh midnight before he arrived there; and he found the fairies singing and dancing as on the previous night. " Oh! here is our timid mortal returned to join in the elfin dance," cried the old man, looking at the tailor with a spiteful leer. The elves opened their circle as before, and Invited him, but Ship's eyes were fixed upon the heap of stones with a covetous look. "Will you not take hands with us?" quoth the sprite. " Pardon, Sir. I cannot dance." " Ho—ho—ho," laughed the fairy, mockingly. "Fill, fill thy pockets again, mortal. Fill, fill." The tailor did not need a second invitation, but began to load his person with the stone*. The elves gathered in a ring about him as he did so, and chanted a lively refrain— " Greedy, greedy, Groby, Wue as any Toby. Discontent shall cause lament, Greedy, greedy, Groby." By the time our friend had filled his blanket, the wee folks had vanished from the hill, and a deep silence reigned once more. Poor Snip shouldered his load, which was exceedingly heavy, and returned to where he had left the sailor. Long before he arrived at his journey's end, however, his bones ached as bad as if be had received a sound thrashing: but the tailor's avarice was groat, and he staggered onward with his heavy load until be reached the tree, where be found the sailor fast asleep. The tailor did not care to awaken his companion; so, being very tired, he lay down beside him until the morning. " Although gold does weigh heavily, and my poor bones are aching, it is good to be rich," he murmured as he fell asleep. Judge, therefore, what was hia cetouisliu!'nt, on awaking a* d*yUghtj to find that the pieces of rock he had borne from tbe hill, at the cost of so much pain, were transformed into a swarm of frogs, who teemed to be amusing .thrtuselvea at tbeir favourite game, leapfrog, ovtr the pailor'a prostrate body. Nor this the ou!y surprise which awaited the tailor ; for he perceived tbat duriDg the night a hump had made its appearance between his shoulders, and this, together with his bald bead, made bim appear very odd and foolisb. He began to roix.plain bitterly at bis misfortune, for lie rerognised in it the punishment of his covt<tooen«-8s ' The sailor laughed heartily when he awoke ar.d saw bts co<nrade; but he was a generous fellow, and said, "Dot't grieve, mate. Here are my lumps of itold all riwht. We bave been companions in our travel, therefore I will share my treasure with you.'' And the sailor kept his word, but the poor taiicr was bald and humpbacked for the rest of bis life. 