AMUSEMENTS.. THE DRAMA- The production of fjjiukspeare, it has been asserted, docs not pay, but judging by the. fre quency of tbo performance of this transcend ent author's works, tho treasuries of Melbourne theatres cannot Buffer such terrible depletion as has. been represented. Stars of third and fourth rate magnitude como to ehice in this, southern hemisphere, and. tljcy nearly always make their first appearances in tho constella tion of the Bard of Avon. We have recently h ad a round of Shakspcare under Miss Pomc- roy, ditto , under Mr. Dewliuret, ditto under Mr. Harkins, and last,'- though not least, under Hcrr Bandmann, Managers must have made some mistako about tlic non- paying nature of theso immortal works. .Or arc wc to suppose that manager after manager iinmoiatcs himself, willing sacrifices on the altar of England's greatest poet ? It is possible that British managera lore Shakespeare and art well enough to make this .surrender of profit, but docs Hen- Band mann eomo to swell tho train of devotees ? If his devotion is as disinterested as that of other managers all honor to liim. He is certainly a most intellectual exponent of' Shakspcare. Ill's Hamlot is not perfcot by many degrees, but it proved a most enjoyable performance. The delivory of the verso, tinged as it is all through, with a , pleasant foreign accent, rather .encourages the illusion that the nielanchply princo has . revisited these glimpses of the moon, and there is a volatile fetylc about tho acting of Hcrr Band mann that suits tho part of Hamlot well ; but a more uneven performance it would bo almost impossible to. witness. There were ascents to the very highest peaks of genius and sudden descents, below mediocrity. The first act was seriously marred by' the delivery of the lines : — The times aro out of joint; Oh, cursed rpito, That ever I was born to set it right Ilc-ir Bandmann did not exactly rant out these, words, but the modo of .delivery was so- nearly that of ranting that only a hair's breadth stood between as a line of demarcation between ranting and elocution. His soliloquies aro artistic and pointedly de livered, and tlic Bcene with Ophelia, when lie jidvises , that young lady to go to a nunnery, dcscrvin great commendation. The scene at the grave of Ophelia was Worked up to a ' pitch of intensity that was most impressive, and was as well worthy of remembrance as tho 'earlier,, more graphic and startling picture worked, out in .the play scene. Of tlic Ophelia of Miss Bcaudct it would be almost impossible to speak too liighly. She plays the. character throughout' in a manner that carries the audience with her.' There is ah entire absence of stagincss. A young, 'tender,, innocent and unsophisticated girl appears upon tho stage and assumed her part with that natural ease and grace that would be displayed by a well-bred young lady under the circumstances depicted by the poet. The ,inad scene was extremely pathetic and made a visible impression on the audience. If Miss Baudot continues to exercise the same care she now bestows on tlic arduous parts allotted to ber, a brilliant and successful future lies before her. Mr. h'nirclough's Ghost, except as to text, was perfect and impressive. The King, as represented by Mr. Stuart O'Brien and tho ' Queen, as played by Miss Juno, were valuable -adjuncts to the presentation, which was one of the most perfect put on tho Melbourne stage for several years past. \- The production of Borneo and Juliet at the Opera Honse on Tuesday stands amongst tho least successful efforts put forth by the present management. - Miss Bcaudct, as Juliet, takes the stars place, and certainly carries off the lion's share of tho honors.' She is graceful, winning and girlish ; whilo youthful in appear ance, she displays, that precocity evinced- by -the residents of genial climates. Mr. Fair- clough's Borneo is somewhat, turgid and antique, and Mr. Bandinann's Mcrcutio is only modoratoly good. On Friday evening. Miss- Baudot took her benefit . at tho . Opera . House, but owing- to the boisterous state .of the. weather the attendance was not so largo as that young lady'B merits deserved. Fanclion, tlie Cricket, and Don Ciesar de Bruin were chosen for' presentation. This evening tho Duke's Motto and tho Corsican Brothers will be played. ; Owing to the limited period of Mr. Harkins's engagement at tho Theatre Royal, this gontle- nlan lias of necessity to mako rapid changes of character. ' Oh Saturday night he'appeared-os' Virginias in Sheridan Kno'wlea's beautiful play of that name. There is perhaps no other piece, outside the productions of Shakspcare, in which tho merits of an actor can bo better gauged than in this dramatieally-told story. In selecting it, thcrforo, as one of Lis efforts to please a Melbourne audience, Mr. Harkins is to be regarded as one who courts tho fullest and freest criticism. For some reason or another there haVe been very few representa tives of Virginias on tho Melbourne stage, for until the arrival of -Mr. Crcswick (who it will be remembered was very successful in his por trayal), tho: character hod not been presented 'for many years. Mr. Harkins presents Virginius in much the same manner a a did Mr. ;Creswick, though we should hardly think it, taken all round, quite as uniformly oven a per formance as that of the last-named gentle man, Thcro ore Mine scones in which he is disappointing; whilst, on the other hand, ho rises in places to the measure of true genius; ami by hia artistic skill and po'wor achieves a triumph seldom recorded in favor of any actor. In the first scenes we consider his acting' scarcely oh a pieco with some of tho brilliant passages which he gives effect' to at a later stage. 'His bearing, tlicugh sufficiently illus'. trativo of tbe noble Roman father at home, in the peace and joy of his household) is; how ever, tame, and his voice is marred by a tone which strikes tho car distinctly aa an Ameri canism whenovcr occasion calls for rapid delivery.' In the later portions of tlio play Mr. Harkins compensates for everything. From . the ; very moment in '. which ' ho is called upon to' exhibit. . tho skill 'of A' true artist he takes up tbo task with rut' evidence of merit - which, until thevend .of '.the play, is never lost sight of. Hia reception of the news of tho outrage offered to his daughter is a masterly pieeo of noting, tlio play of Ida features and tho working of his frame being brought into such requisition that the audience aro enabled to read his thoughts before ho gives expression to tliera in words. Again, in tlic forum scene, ids general' bearing left nothing to bo desired, and the enactment of > tlie tragedy which concludes it was completed without once disturbing tlio fixed attention of tho audience. His semblanco of madness in tho last act was by no moans overdone, and was equally pathetic in its calmness as it was in the violence of ite desperation. On tho whole Mr. Harkins was very fairly supported. Mr, B, N. Jones played well as Doutatus, whilst Mr. DouglnB as Appius Cladius, Mr. C. Holloway as Cladius, and Mr. Apuleton as Iciliun, arc also deserving of praiseworthy men tion. Miss Alice Deorwyn looked very nice as Virginia, and Miss Anstead was an acquisition to the cast as Servia. Tlic production of Sliylock at the Royal on Thursday and Friday proved an acceptable change of performance to the frequenters of the leading theatre. Mr. Harlcins, as the vindictive Jew, plays naturally and with considerable vigor. There is nothing very new in his' reading of the part, but it is marked with the lines of thought and care through out. This evening Mr. Harkins appears as Macbeth. Hudson's Surprise Party of lady and gentle man performers still continues, to draw fair honecs at Hudson's Theatre. Tlic company contains many old favorites, in addition to several who aro now making their dtbfit upon tlic Melbourne atago. Air. Cecil Forrester nightly receives a well merited shower of approbation for his pmvore. . of mimicry in portraying to tlio audi- enne the modes of speech and doings of the several classes which make up a commu nity. Atiss Vena Do Gay's performances on tho violin show tlmt oho ha3 efficiently mastered tlio art slio lias . undertaken. 1 In the concert portion of the pro gramme Alisscs AlaVen," Norton anil Bur ton render several ballads with' commendable .taste and ability, and Messrs. Hudson and .Holly, who occupy tile earner. chairs, contri bute many amusing interludes. Tho perform- anco is brought to a cioso with a laughable sketch on the Paris Exhibition. The pro gramme will bo repeated until further notice. Air. Fred. Marshall, who has taken tbe Princess's Theatre on lease, will open that place of amusement on tho 29th inst., when a drama entitled Betsy will be produced for tbe first time in Australia. Professor Anderson has concluded his season nt St. George's Hall; He hns been very success ful during his stay in' Melbourne. . . ' Mr. Mnccabe, one of the most successful character actors of the present century, appears at the. Town Hall thi3 (Saturday) evening. He gives a varied, amusing and clever perform- ance. 