NOTES ON "YOUNG IEELAND" •WITH SOME PBB60NAI BECOLLECTIONS. (iContinued.) BT CHAELKS J. KICKHAM. (From the Irishman.) Drama the progress of this exciting drama upon the public stage, work, which has left more lasting results, was being done in the shade. Davis was enlisting poets, painters, sculptors, historians, archaeologists, architeots, scholars, in the Bervice of Ireland. We find him also urging one of his literary friends to write a drama founded upon some stirring event of Irish history. He wants the historical novel, too, and points out that we have scarcely anything in that department, except Griffin's "Invasion," and Banim's " Boyne Water." He has too many occupations himself " to enjoy anything very keenly — except in burets of exultation." In order to show how little of a mere political student he was, the author gives a scrap from a note, in which he speaks with enthusiasm of the beauty of certain illustrations in n book he had been reading. '' Glory to Flaxman," he adds, " although he was a Saxon." He seems to know everything. His unselfish disposition is well illustrated by the fact, that when he had collected, and revised, and correoted Curran's speeches—done all the hard work—he urged three of his friends, one after another, to write the biographical sketch—the showy and popular part of the undertaking—and only did it after they (happily) hud refused. And how zealously and unceasingly he laboured to win his own class to the national cause ! It is wonderful what one inspired man can do, without ever standing upon a public platform, or even seeing his name in print. The very men whom he directly influences may be unconscious of it until he is dead. And hew painful it is to discover, too late, that yon have entertained an angel unawares ! His hopes are high now. " Even O'C," he writes to a friend, "has looked very far before him this time." But, alas I he was mistaken. O'Connell never looked very far before him. To say he did, would be to pronounce him a oold-blooded criminal. Rare nights these must have been which are called "weekly conferences" of the writers of the Nation. They were nearly all poets—and most of them lawyers or law students: Davis. Dillon, Dufly, M'Nevin, Barry, John O'Hagan, John Pigot {son of the Chief Baron), Denny Lane (described by Davis in a letter to Maddyn as " a fine fellow; but scarcely selfish enough to succeed in any line—except perhaps as an apostle"), Williams (not a law, but a medical student), Denis Florence M'Carthy, and the Rev. C. P. Meehan. Clarence Mangan (who, if neither lawyer nor law student, was at least an attorney's clerk) could never be induced to join bis colleagues at those weekly suppers; but slipped into the Nation office, in the blue cloak (worn in midsummer as well as midwinter) and unique hat, to talk of work for the next number—gliding away like a ghost if anyone came into the editor's room during his visit. I, too, might tell something of weekly conferences; though it would scarcely be correct to describe them as taking " the form of a supper"—seeing that the creature comforts consisted chiefly of tobacco and tea. I do, however, remember one real supper. A present of game was brought to the Irish People office, directed to J. O'DonovanRossa, who seemed not to set much value upon them, as he offered them to Mr. Stephens if he would pay the carriage. (How the wild ducks and the snipe reminded me of Ballylanigan bog, and the Polloughs, and Poulacapple, and Mooneevela!) John O'Leary, T. C. Luby, and I were bidden to the feast. After the wild duck and snipe, which had come all the way fromCape Clear —and which, if I am qualified to speak upon so important a matter, were done to a tonthere came walnuts and oranges. It is fair to admit that there was also a decanter of what seemed to be the very best Irish whiskey, as Luby and O'Leary appreciated a stiff tumbler of whiskey punch (which, in mv part of the world, I had never heard called toddy.) The " Chief Organiser" did not affect the more national beverage, but seemed to have a decided relish for a glass of Guinness' porter. Methinka I see him now- Shakespearian head, flowing auburn beard, lady hand, and all—as he takes his meerschaum from his lips, and pointing with the amber-tipped cherrywood tube to the table, says—" If some people saw that now, what noise there would be about our luxurious habits/' And this being quite a festive occasion (all owing to Rossa'js wild fowl— which, perhaps, I was not quite oorrect in calling " game"), it is as well to record that lemonade was forthcoming for myself, I having been a faithful and proud dwoiple of that greatest of Tipperary men, Theobald Matthew, since before I reached my teens. I could tell also of excursions to the Wicklow mountains, the Vale of Avooa, and the Devil's Glen, upon which occasions matters of such: grave import (personal as well as national) were discussed, that .the' songs which .enlivened the Young Jrplflnapic-nios were unheard. " When the thunder-storm u very near, the birds are mnt*. even though the suite shiping/" iHjp, events*' howeyer,,did notnreventa " hopstep-and-a-leap," cjB^.'^fmMC jyW® flowers,and leiip to^ wnveyed tenaeriy-to terribly. W n ^ o r d EdwKdthidrabont and write about lus -fioweHr when the zone -was about his neck,andwhenhs eagerly waited for the hmw to lead <he veiled a m y of which he was commander-in-cwei against the red-coats. It ie quite a mistake to suppose that soldiers should care for nothing but gunpowder and strong drink. Be assured, : that as brave a soldier as ever yon are likely to make, may not, even on the morn of battle, be insensible to the blush of the rose or the fragrance of the violet. I never met any of the Nation writers except Dillon and Denny Lane (and recently Duffy and Father Meehan, as I have already mentioned). John Pigot was described to me so late as '63 as "a Nationalist of the Wolfe Tone school." I believe he did retain his early aspirations to the last; though some of my Fenian friends would have it that he was only a doctrinaire. The Irish People had an occasional passage at arms with John Pieot (with his visor down). It could not possibly be avoided. He was a contributor to the Irishman, owned and edited by P. J. Smyth, and took great pains to assure our fellow countrymen in America that they were deceiving themselves if they imagined anything in the way of a national movement existed in Ireland. And when Smith O'Brien and John Dillon came out from the privacy in which they had lived, and shook off the inaction which they had maintained since the failure of '48, to condemn and warn the people against the movement which was infusing life into the torpid land—what were the men to do who believed with all their hearts and souls that such a movement was Ireland's last and only hope ? The same question may be asked iu reference to a more formidable and persistent opposition than that of Young Ireland leaders. I left about that time; and there is a blank of a few years in my personal recollections of the outer world. I see by a note here that Mr. Pigot had a successful career in India afterwards. His life was probably one of sacrifice—all the harder to bear perhaps because the sacrifice was not of that nature which turns suffering to joy. An anecdote of the other young lawyer-poet of those days was told me when I returned to Ireland, after the absence just referred to, which, for the sake of the lesson and the warning, it ma;r be worth while recalling :— A poor ballad-singer wa6 placed in the dock for chanting a " seditious" doggrel, somewhere in the neighbourhood of the Treaty Stone. The judge dwelt upon the enormity of the offence, and after inflicting a terrible lecture on him, sent the ballad-singer to prison, there to be kept to hard labour for—I forget the length of time. My friend, who told me the storv, remarked, somewhat cynically, that it was a pity the minstrel was not brought before that particular judge for setting Limerick on fire with that mo9t inflammatory of lyricB— When comes the day all hearts to weigh If staunch they he, or vile, Shall we forget the sacred debt "We owe our mother isle ? My native heath is brown beneath, My native waters blue; But crimson red o'er both shall spread Ere I am false to you— Dear land— Ere I am false to you. And so on till the climax is reached— If death should come, that martyrdom Were sweet, endured for you, Dear land— Were sweet, endured for you. If the writer of this has inherited with the curse of Swift even a small allowance of the Dean's peculiar humour, the learned shouldere must have been shrugged after the delivery of that impressive lecture and the passing of that sentence on the Tbomond ballad- singer ; and the judicial tongue must have muttered— Curious anti-climax to your dreams, Twenty golden years ago I But the subject is really too tragical for banter. That horrible curse works in two ways. And is it at all certain that its bitterest bitterness is reserved for the garret of the exile, while he murmurs— The rain, the weary, dreary rain, How it patters on the window- sill— and retraces the landmarks of what some would call a wrecked and wasted life? Wrecked and wasted lives! Go look for them amidst " riches, rank, and retinue. No life was ever wasted that was lived for a holy end. . , . And after all is not the Irishman, who m early youth hoped to right his native isle, though that hope be soon abandoned at the bidding of " cold pausing creation "—is not such a man better than he whose heart even in the gladsome morning never felt the generous glow of patriotism? It is only when the quondam patriot becomes the hater and the vih'fier of the cause he has deserted that he sinks beneath the level even of the Or plant a wild wreath from the banks of that river. O'er the heart and the harp that are sleeping for ever! The heroic lay shall not die because the hard has exchanged the clairseaoh for the lute. And the strair< of even D'Aroy M'Gee's harp may linir -r among the "Beadivided Gael" when hiis baseness and apostacy are forgotten. But let us think of Thomas Davis. Some of his friends dreaded " Papal supremacy," and warned him besides that he was wasting his life in a hopeless cause. On those points the author says Davis wrote his whole mind in a letter to Maddyn. It is a letter which thoughtful men will read with wonder —and terror. {To be continued.) wretch whom the poet dooms: To the vile dust trom whence he sprung. Unwept unhonouied, and unsung. I believe it will be, with sorrow, confessed that this lower deep, was reached by at least one Young Ireland ppet. But suffioient for the'day is the evil (thereof; and 'tis time enough to bid a certain personage goqd mormw when you meet him ;: and as Ifet -the name of &mas; JlArcy^Gee £as not turned up in this history. ,. . Mitohel smoked his pipe with "Shamrock" in his cottsge near ^ w Oriesns. " Williams," helrrote, " is n?>t what.M called a J^oceLSM emigrant; as. mdeed, ho^ conld he—seeing that he is a poet. Peace be with them. thev notr-eaeh and.aU-rBere^Arejanair there a-single one oft ttoem,WWeSW rfgiW ffiOTch the.jpoet of;GoagMwSan* uita tx yvoiozt-ii ne, but Wton, __e».and her^bbndaie bbrfoen j t letoei will Corns In the summer eve s W^^&a;'B -yimDe light tm}i>ia *px» iM tauning, Aadbfndo'er my l Where calm Avonfc 