. A GHOST AT NOONDAY. (Frone the Pall Mall Gazette.) Wen have received the following extraordinary narrative from a correspondent for whose good faith and professional acuteness of observation we can vouch. IHe substantiates his story with full details of dates, names, and places, which, however, for the sake of the survivors, he does not wish to be pulb lished. Without any further preface, we lay his letter before our readers: As my wife and I were sitting at breakfast with a guest whom I will call iMr. A.--then on a visit for the first time to our house and neighborhood-our maid-servant passed ount of the room oni her way to the kitchen. As she closed the door Mr. A. startled me by saying "I saw a spirit of a man following that woman, who, as he passed, said, dis tinctly in my hearing, 'God judgeth not as man judgethl. I was innocent of the mur der for which I have been hanged. I was there, hut did not strike the blow.' " What is it like ? " I asked. He replied by describing a young Irishman whom I roecognised at osice as the husband of my domestio, who a year or two before had been executed on a charge of murder. Mr. A., a complete stranger to the locality, had only mret me for the first time two days before and he was totally ignorant of the crime) in which my servant was so deeply interdsted. For obvious reasons the subject was never alluded to in our household, where the widow was regarded with feelings of sympathy, which led us to avoid as much as possible all reference to her hiusband's fate. I had previously good reason to doubt whether the evidence against him justified his execution. HeI had died protesting his innocence. His wife and friends were firmly convinced that although hlie had been in the fight, it was not by his hand the fatal blow had been dealt. In addition to this, I had good reason to believe that the real murderer was still at large. You can easily imagine my astonishment when Mr. A. thus suddenly ventured upon for bidden ground, and abruptly declared that the spirit of a man who had suffered the capital penalty, and whose personal ap pearance exactli coincided with that of tihe unfortunate Irishman, was actually follow ing the servant about the house proclaiming his innocence in accents which, although inaudible to me, my guest declared were perfectly audible to him. I had heard that Mr. A.'had been a "seer," but I was not a little startled at this striking illustration of his peculiar faculty. I remarked that it was very strange, and informed him that the woman whom he had just seen for the first tinio with her ghostly companion was ieslly 'the" widow of an executed felon. Some time afterwards he exclaimed: "There he is again, repeating the same words I-" Inutensely interested by this sud den :and apparently supernatural confir miation of my susplicions, I determined to put the seership of my guest to what I regarded as a crucial test. I told Mr. A. that I was going into the town, and as I should be passing the spot where the mur der was committed perhaps his ghostly visitant might indicate the place where the dead man lay. When we left the house MIr. A. remarked, " there he is, following us," alluding to the " spirit." When we had proceeded part of the way along the road, which was quite unknown to my friend, I made a detour to make a business call and went along another street, Mr. A. following me. Just as, without a word on my part, we were turning out of the main road, Mr. A. said, "the spirit is standing at the corner. He says we are not going the right way to the place where thie mur der was committed, and whichl he has pro mised to point out to me." " O, we sball come out in the main road again by-and by before we reach the spot." We proceeded on about a quarter of a mile, and having done my business and struck the main road again-which differed, I may remark, from none of the other roads we had traversed-Mr. A. soon after declared, ' there is that man just on there, waiting for us." As we continued our walk, I purposely refrained from uttering a word, or even from thinking, as far as I could, about the murder, so as to prevent any possibility of my companion obtaining any clue. As we were passing through one of the lowest parts of the town Mr. A. sud denly exclaimed, " he tells me that it was here the murder was committed. It was just there (pointing to the place in the road where the murdered man fell). I see the hubbub and confusion rise up before me as a picture, with the people round. He, how ever, again tells me that he did not strike the fatal blow. He does not excuse him self from being morally guilty as being mixed up with those who accomplished the deathi of the man, but strongly maintains that hlie is not the murderer." I will only add in relation to the last incident that IMr. A. described the exact spot where the murder was committed, and the circum stances in connection therewith. How can you account for that ? Mr. A. lhad never been in the town before; he had never 'iied within a couple of hundred miles of it; te did not know till a day or two before hlie arrived that hlie would over visit it; he could not by any possibility have known that the poor woman in my employ was the widow of a man who was hanged. He had no conceivable interest in deceiving mo nor was he concerned to; prosecute the matter any further. I hlave in vain at tempted to account for his story, nor can I on iany of the popular hypotheses explain to my own satisfaction how he saw that ghost at noonday. That 1Ie did see it lihe assured me, much to my surprise, when no one expected any such revelation; and, whatever he saw, it certainly led him to the exact place where the murder was com mitted. In t?h?e d3s when female characters were impersonated by male actors, Charles II, visiting tihe theatre, complained to Dave naut of the delay in drawing up the curtain. " Sire," .replied the manager, " the play will begin as soon as the queen is shaved." Timoleon comes home with a hat that sinks down to his nose. His wife is horri fied. "But that thinig don't fit you at all, my dear." "I know it don't, and I told the hatter so. But he showed me his gold medal, and what could I do ?" "You are writing my bill on very rough paper," said a client to hIis attorney. " Never mind," replied the attorney; "it has to be filed before it comes into-court." 