LINES BY OUR OWN LUNATIC. ABAMINTA'S ADVICE TO THE KING. I found her 'neath a roofed parterre where cageless songsters ting, And brought her in a coach and pair to connael with the King. With grace she came: he slowly rose and greeted her, and eke Touched with his lips her Illy hand and kissed her dimpled cheek, Then made her alt and softly spake" Your fairer, wiser head "Will yield me counsel in my need." But here she laughed and said— " 'Twill first learn reason when its blood the head man's axe has shed. And ran't be wise ere mute it lies and on the block has bled." " Forget," said he, " the jealous fear of whispers foul begot; Forgive the hasty look and speech; my own the thought was not In peril's hour you stood my friend: I swore to make you great, And I'm too near my journey's end to court the per juror's fate; 80 come, my gracious Duchess, and yon, Sir Dnke, propound: Say, how about these foreign kings who come in triguing round ? For shrewdly I suspect them proud and turbulent, O'erbearlng. cunning, never with their own content. And come like birdB of prey on some doomed tra veller bent" "Keep a brave heart," said she; "nor peril meet half-way. Nor ghosts nor shadows fear. Walk calmly, come what may. By talking least, learn most" " The Duchess means," I said, " As proverbs tell, the still tongue makes the sapient head. Their aims we've got to learn. A riddle 'tis to mo Bow jumps the cat? Beneath which thimble is the pea? As, when some cheat three greasy cards lays down, You're puzzled to pick out the knave or ace and crown, Se we"—but here King Henry rose in wrath and said, " Sink these.stale proverbs if you'd save your empty head. I want to hear your Duchess speak her counsels wise and true, And not hear old wives' wisdom bleated secondhand by you." ■ : ■ " If you would clearly know," said she "what these men are about, Praise each one to the other and yonll find their business out; For each, will think his rival seems to you the better man; And each in jealousy unfold to view, his rival's subtle, plan. For, if there be a union true 'twixt any rascals three, ' And two combine not 'gainst the third, ft will be strange to me.' That third's the .friend for you." "No so," King Henry.cried: . •"Tie'-the heaviest battalions have the war-god on their slflb.' IT! join the strongest," " Now," said she, " if so yon v., do, , Or ren'stand neutral to the crime, they'll both be <" down on you; But kup^bt weazest ,ny your uae un you n do »n;o .to. two. . Lit nbt At brigands have acbanoe yonr complaisance u" oSO flopt, . ■■! ' I '■ ■ , ; Or ypn'll be lo»t" "Infaot/'saidl, "don't be the ofldman out** "NOWfdryour warrantl"1 cried the King ;' "now •4lM9fbt*e'smf pen and ink f .putt .■pare nu head,"my Duchess said, "anduse rotfr Jim'to Aadlfotm a comprehensive plan these taacals to \ ignMt ' • ■WBBbperas, dinners, concerts, dances, picnics, and O^SWwirs; (Sake flre works; light.the city up to please the sllly Andf^ftklk protamine's not enough, go thtough the ;n wnnddsgaln ;' / i > B»t, leave; your Minister to learn their schemes ot greed andpell"—— "Whichmeans,"1 said L "don't keeps dog and bark • : Ml zrightytrarvlf." !'Now„bythesaints 1"the King exclaimed, "I des ' tlne to the block " ' ■ The-tongue that dares, with grsndam's wares, 'his \- ' snvweiKU lord to mock." Be seised the pen. Bald Aramlnta, " One suggestion ' morn: • " Wtfl1 all jgo down to Aqultaine to hunt the horrid "■Blgfcf r cried tlie King; " well hunt, and hear his '■ ptovrrfeety IhesooiV "We'd 'operas, fireworks, danoes gay, and files cham '-pirns too. We made the monarchs merry both at ballroom and .review, And brAngot them home with escorts of n hundred . . i men apiece, To (east them at our palace that looks down on fair ^tutefif-T My chef was a magician cook, and widely famed in France— .They est and quaffed, and talked and laughed, till came the time to dance. The lamps were bright, the music light, a hundred \- yeoman tall - Jltood^uard upon the staircase and along the entrance And conrtleK came In gorgeous dress, and men of sword and gown. And people of the old nMesse from country and from town. The King, by Axamlnta's side, the first quadrille ed on. -Then came the gentle sehottlsche,'and the circling waltz anon, And Bonis whirled, and Bnsld twirled, and Bntsoff ■ gaily sped. And good, sagacious Bettemot forgot to shake his head. • And Sword; hakoff his cares threw off ; there -fell no > - tearfrom'Bnde, .And then-we supped and danced again till snnllght did intrude. ' And,' borrowing the blazons gay of many a soutcheonel 1 the coming of the day to start for Aqui talne.. . 