maitland Races. [BY THE VAQBANT.] Nearly all the horses engaged at the meet- ing of the N. J. Club, which commences to-day have arrived. The Tamworth contin- gent arrived on Sunday, and were accom- panied by Cameo, Kingcraft, and Godiva. Creswick arrived on Saturday in charge of Harry Eaynor, who trained Viva on both occasions of her winning Tattersalls Cup. Creswick looks and moves very nice, and al- together is in snlendid condition. Beatrice and Woodlands nave also arrived from Bris- bane Water. Goldsbrough's daughter has grown up and thickened out a great deal and covers the ground in a Very taking style, and should make a big bid for victory in the Flying Handicap, although she will have a formidable opponent in Twilight, who, it is whispered, has done something good enough to win with her shoes on. Lochinvar also is very well, and has furnished into a very handsome colt. He ÍB more like Lowlander than any horse I have ever seen. Lady Clifden has grown but very little since last Boxing Day, but we sometimes find " good things in small parcels." She is said to have done a great trial before leaving Newcastle. Cook has a good-looking filly in Ethel, a full sister to Kathleen Movourneen, but I think The Gem and Whirlwind are a bit too good for her. Bulgaria' seems to have undergone a careful preparation, but moved very stiffly yesterday morning ; this may be owing to the confine- ment in the horse-box during his trip from Tamworth. Dick Lynch, his trainer, is quite satisfied with his show, and says he will take a lot of beating, and admirers of Creswick and Sir Solomon say he will get it. ? Cre- morne is a doubtful starter, as she is .suffer- ing from a severe cold. Scipio did not come, having gone wrong. Godiva looks as if she was trained to the hour, and the party behind her imagine she will win the Flying Handicap very easily, but I think there are a few better in it. Kingcraft is a good deal lighter than when here at the last meeting of the Club, and looks far better, and will run forward. A very good outsider is Ivanhoe, and although a trifle above himself, on Sunday he carried a bit more than his weight, and his shoes, and got through a mile in 1 min. 52 sees. Cameo has only been up a month, and is short of work. The Queensland horse, Sunset, arrived, yesterday, but did not please the cognoscenti. All the Maitland horses look very _ well, Black Swan, Navy Eights, Darkie, and The Gem in particular pleas- ing me. Black Swan got through a great gallop on Saturday morning, but she didn't have her weight up. Another good one in the same stable is Heclor-a two-year old-sister to Psyche, and therefore by Mari- byrnong from Hebe. She is a very big filly, with beautiful barrel and a fine long quarter. She is very faBt for half a mile, but is too green yet to stay. Valentine looks only the ghost of his former self. . In conclusion I would say that never be- fore was there such betting events in Mait- land, everything in the handicaps being written in the local books, although for my- self I have seen nothing to make me alter my predictions, without it is that Volunteer will hardly occupy a place in the Duckenfield. . The course is in very good order, and the horse boxes have been freshly whitewashed, and several loads of tan bark have been spread in them and at the gates, and the ground generally has been touched up, Visitors to the old convincing ground to-day and to-morrow may expect as good finishes as the Maitland racecourse has been the scene of for many years past. ADMIÍJSION OF WOMKN TO THE ÜNIVKIlSITr.-J The Senate of tua University of Sydney bave bee: lately considering the expediency of admitting {emule students on the same footing as men to lec- tures, examinations, and academical degrees. It ii probable tbat, before this can be accomplished, re course must be bad to legislation upon the subject! In tbe meantime, the Board of Studies having been! directed to report on the regulations to be adopted in furtherance of this scheme, have informed the Senate that in their opinion it is desirable that the students of both sexes should attend the same lectures, care being taken that no lectures which females are required to attend shall contain anything unsuited to the delicacy of their sex. But, at the same time, they inform the Senate that it would be imposeible to carry out any plan ot this nature with- out providing a suitable retiring-room and other conveniences for the female portion of the students, and that no such arrangement is possible at present, every room in the building being delegated to other necessary uses. It is to be hoped that the Govern- ment will come to the aid of the University in the promotion of this laudable design,-Herald. -»__ WATHE SUPPLY FOB GOULBURN,- At a special meeting of the Goulburn Borough Council the fol- lowing resolution WOB adopted :-" That the Council of the Municipality of Goulburn, having taken into consideration the queetion of water supply for the city of Goulburn, do hereby request his Excellency the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, to take all such steps and cause euch works to be executed and completed as may be necessary to provide a water supply without reticu- lation for the city of Goulburn ; and the said Council, on behalf of the Municipality of Goulburn, agree to and do undertake all the liabilities and obligations mentioned in sec. 125 of the Act 44 Vic, ;No. 14 ; and it is hereby expressly ngretd that such liability is ac- cepted for the total amount to be expended in such worke, whatever such amount may be.". TIN OBB.-The following is a return (from the Herald) of tin ore received at Newcastle and Morpeth for the week ended 2nd May, 1881 :-Tamworth, 44 tons 14 cwt. 3 qrs, 