TALES AND SKETCHES. A Melgrnvlnn Munition. (#7'ri\V its# Cftft-irtww JfnmNjr of "Tim®.') m tig Amm? Atklc mu wa sifting alone in the rfeh welhapj-ointed room he talted Ms study, brooding painfully and gloomily, as was frequently his wont of J ate, awn a servant entered. The old tnan raised Ms head sfowty, and,' as if with diffieuity collecting his thoughts, stfcl at last, m a rotrgh tone of irrito- tSftf, 'Wsif, what is it f ' Tilers is a wan In the hall— a com mon man/ was the reply, ' who insists on serfng yon, sir/ 'A wan ! what man ? and insists, itoes fc#? I can't see him, 1 won't sec Mm, I am eugnged, 1 am ill — I can see nobody, (MI' The servant turned <0 the tioor, tot he was recalled as ah- raptfyasfiewas dismissed, 'No, tell tire mas to come tip/ said his master; ami the servant disappeared, ; A feeb'rtg of apprehension had stolen over Andrew Anderson, as' had fre quently (seen the e«# with him in lifo," wfien he had to grappfe with the un- fmown, That fedmg came over him now more strongly than evor. Could it be a presentiment of evil 7 Perhaps. Jfevertfieless Ms seeostetm-d resolution and deUrmhm tion to face evenr danger bad mastered this feeling- If evil were to some, Andrew Anderson would hare tiro strength, tie tiionght, to fight his battle with it, were he to face the devil hfmseif ; and yet the spirit of youth ami manhood had already been cowed down by age, A low knock at the door ; an old man entered. A- mtcnf 'Was hen man worthy ofthe name?— an unearthly creators rather, tie was gredtiy de formed, and Ms small shrivelled figure was almost that of a dwarf, His little spindtedrgs mad# a most striking con trast with his broad hunchbacked shoul der arid Ms Wg head, the skull of which wss entirely bare of hair, which gave him the a it of a China mngot. the wain feature of his uncouth, ugly, withered face was a wide . ungainly men lb, II# paused at the threshold of til# door, looked on Andrew Ander son with a peering air. then nodded his bead, as if satisfied, with the scrutiny, and uttered a low shrill whistle, Andrew Anderson looked on this strange apfiarition with bewilderment. His feoi'tng ot apprehension . began to amount almost to terror, although still undefined and ttneomnrehended. The creature appeared to him an unreality ; foil there was no unreality in tho numb fading of ftdniuesa which Logan to pervade Mm from head to foot ; and it was with (it# utmost difficulty that ho gasped out at last the woofs, ' Who are yon ? apeak ' The creature spoke, . ' Who f am ? Ifa, ha ! You'll soon find out the tefling, Jfr. — Andrew — Anderson,' A pause gas made between each por tion of the name pronounced, The,oUman seemed unable to find breath to utter one-word, lingered on til# strange being, as if t tying to collect a 'memory of tfc# past/ and "vaguely pointed to a chair. The aged' imp si/rang upon' a sisal within Agility which seemed beyond his years, and tucked up his tegs, beneath it, giving Mmseif tii# appearance of a big bird from ogredatid, lie then wagged his head and chuckled shrilly. For soino moments tlicro was silence hetweun the two. ' What do you want ?' jerked out Andrew Anderson at last. ' You aliall hear, my friend,' was .tho shrill reply, in a familiar tone. ' Yonr friend 1 What do you mean 1' 'Well, you old acquaintance, at all events,' chuckled the little hunchback. ' 1 had a close acquaintance onco with one Andrew Agnew.' Tlio jaw of the old man foil as if ho had'' been saddonly shot to tho heart. ' Ue didn't call him-, self Anderson then; He changed his nnmo for prudent rensons_6f his own.' 'J do not understand — it's all a lie! I don't know you, rogue and impostor as you arei' -were the words which dropped slowly from the lips of the stricken old man. ' All right, all right!' sneered tho un couth littlo monster, writhing as if with' suppressed laughter. ' .Yes ago dims a man's memory ; hut it hasn't dimmed mine, Andrew Agnew, although it's ithw — ho counted on his fingors — 'Yes 1 now some fifty years since we met.' Andrew. Andorson Bhuddored, mid closed hiseyes. A horrible consciousness of tho identity of tho intruder had forced itself oh him.. ' Ali,I seo you bogin to remember mo now,' cried the hunchback triumphantly. ' Shall I- help you by recalling to" your mind one chill - and damp November, night when wo met in tho Dwarfs Tavern ?' Tho old man sat trembling, with his eyes still closed ; but lio waved bis hand, as if to deny tho truth of tho fact re called. ; - ' O, not yet T pursued his tormentor. ' Must I go on, then? innst I tell how I followed Andrew Agnew, to tho Tiro Fields, scenting some advantngo to my self — how I concealed myself — how I saw — ' ' It is a lie I' sbriolced tho old man, hut without looking up. " ' What is a lio !' laughed tho weird being. ' I have said nothing.' Then, aftor'n paiiso, lio pursued, 'No matter what I saw. I needn't toll. Andrew Agnew' knows well enough what it was, and whero'it was. , By' tho way, it must have been pretty near this very spot ; strange, isn't it 7' Aiid ho laughed ngniu with a shrill mocking laugh. Old Andrew Anderson lay back in bis chair liko a sonscless log, as inert as that body that onco lay stretched in death in the Fire Fields. Bnt bo bad not Tainted ; for when the hunchback scrambled down from his chair, and placed a thin Jong- pointed finger on his shoulder, lie opened his oyes, Thoso eyes glared wildly from his bead. ' Now, be a man, and let us coino to. business,' continued the tormentor, hold ing the shoulder in tbnt iron finger as if in a vice. ' I bdvo been looking, for Andrew Agnew, for fifty years ; for fifty years lio has escaped me. - 0, he played his cards well.- Who would hare thought to find Andrew . Agnew, tho country groom, in Andrew Anderson, the— the — millionaire ? That's the world, isn't It? But I linvo hod dealings with the police of. lata/. The dotoctivo bobbies find me useful in many ways. . One day I discovered, by chanco, a club to my friciid Andrew Agnew; I followed it op." It ' was - broken here '.and there ; hut I' put 1 together "r tho'1 jaggod "ends; and it led me on and on, until it lauded me in tho houso of tho wealthy Andrew Anderson. Tho old man still remained motionless, staring Leforoliim, without aword. Tho hunchback gripped Ids sliouldor. more Blinrply witli that iron finger, as if to put ' him oil tho rack. At last tho . torture elicited tho words, 'What doyouwnnt?' ' Look here,' pursued tho hunchback, ' I want husli-inonoy I . A; few hun.dr.ed -"-shall weaay thousands?' andliolaughed — ' can bo nothing to; you— tho mcro rinsings -of, that glass of fortuno you sip at so cosily every day. Let's strike a bargain ; and you will find - ino trao as steel, ltefuse, inid I may have a tale to tell to'my dear friends of the police, which may buy Andrew Agnow i> rope's end cheap at Government oxpouso/ And tlio finger was pressed more cruelly, almost into liis victim's. flesh. i That last movement noted Iiko a gal vanic battery on tho old liian. Ho sprang up suddenly. ; . i ' It's all a lie !' ho repoated, 'T don't ' know you I Go!' : i.'l ; ' Is it so ? Think hotter of it, Andrew - Agnew.' 1 < "> 'Go,T sayl Spawn of tho gibbot, go I' ' 'Ho, ho 1' . laughed tlio ' hunchback. 'You know that expression at' least! Hnd I not liecn'surb of my game you would havo betrayed yourself by,' that old nickname I - Ho, ho, ho I' Andrew Anderson had iio mora force left than to repent incossantly the word, ;'.Go, go, go!' J " The fearful being paused for a moment and then; witli a frown on his ugly brotv, and a determined expression on that cavern of a mouth, lie mudo a menacing ' gesture at the old man, and slowly loft tliei'rboiii. When Lilian Fortesbuo ennio to her granil/alhor's study sho found him lying in IiU-'clmir,' palo as dentil, his hair tangled, with ayes staring from his head. In. an'swer; to aU'hcr Shxious inquiries ho" only repented incessantly the word, ' Go; go; go ' until ho ended in n hys terical shriek. \- Andrew ' Andorson - was raving. Ho was conveyed teiiis bedroom, and ndoctor was sent for. Bnt .tho.learned man only shook" his head, and -prescribed 'tonic sedatives. In answer to Lilian's anxious but cautious, questions, as to what might bo thought to ha the stato of Ilia mind in medical opinion, alio was. told that lio. had probably received soma mental shock, which, nt his age, might have .produced the effect of temporary ahorration, hut tlint it would soon pass away. ' 'Lilian, however, watched by her grandfather's side, listening to his incoherent mattcrings, as .lio tossed - restlessly on his bed .Had Lady Ardcn's insinuations been founded in truth? sho thought. And waB his inind - really dangerously affected,? After . a -time, however, the old inaii seemed to sloop in peace ; and Lilian, ovcrcomo by fatiguo, slumbered in tlio armchnir by his bedside. Suddeiily slie started up, and wus wide - - nwnko in a; moment. To, her horror sho found that her grandfather was no longer there. She must lmve slopt for hours, for the light of tho morning was peering through- tho half closed curtains of the room.- Whore was ho ? What should she' do ? Sho was descending tho stairs hurriedly, when she was met by lior own maid, half-dressed; followed by a girl,' who she knew to bo what was callod 'tho scullery-maid.' Both looked' fearfully scared. "1 - v : 'What is the matter?" cried Lilian. The two women screamed, with one voice, ' O mis i ; master I' ' 0 miss, Mr. Anderson 1' an < then began to sob. What is it7 Speak!' cried Lilian again. ' Is bo dead ?' _ ' No, miss, -worse I' said the girl. ' For Heaven's sake, toll mo ! — what "do yon mean ?' was Lilian's impatient cry. tVitli difficulty and with much circum locution, tho scullerymaid told how, in descending to tho cellars to fulfil her early matutinal duties, slio had seen, in ono of them, what, she at first. thought was a ghost. But it was only ' master' lying all along on tho. flags, motionless, and as if dead. Sho screamed, all she could,- she said. One , of the men-; servants . came at , last. They, found that 'master' was not dead, but in a fit j hut. why ho was. there in the cellar' nobody conld make out. The men, were bringing him np-stairs. ... , ' A melancholy sight soon mot Lilian's eyes as sho rushed ' downwards. Two men were bearing Andrew Anderson in tlicir arms, apparently still . lifeless. The old man was carried to tho bed ho '.- had left. Yes; tliero was life in him! Ho breathed heavily soon ; and when, by Lilian's' directions, his head was bathed rand brandy poured down his throat, he gasped and groaned aloud. Lilian took ono of -his poor wan hands to kiss it. She started back with. dis-. may. - Tho nails . were torn ; the fingers . were sharply wounded, and were bleed ing. Sho seised the other hand. This too was maimed and torn. What could it mean. i (To to concluded in our next.') ' 