THE MAO lit !)Ii?EIOQjjT.Y. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH!] (KEUTER'S TElEOItAMS.) Wellington', October 2S. The Minister of Native Affairs has written a letter to To Whiti, which announces his intention to proceed to Parthaka on the 3th November, to receive tlieii' l'eply to the Governor's proclamation. | Somnambulism.—A remarkable , case rtf I somnambulism in a youth suffering from ! bronchitis came easily yesterday morning under the. observation of the medical officers at tKo Melbourne Hospital. About two o'clock that morning the constable on the Simpson's road beat was startled by what ho thought to be a most extraordinary apparition. An animated object dressed in* a night gown was walking along the road slowly. Evidently not frightened of ghosts, the constable approached the object, and although it came "in sucli questionable form," he deter ined on addressing it. Failing to elicit any reply to his questions, the constable, after some consideration, determined to arrest the object, and on touching it he found that it was a human being soundly asleep. In the meantime the person had awakened from his sleep, and on inquiring what lie was doing at that hour of the morning in tlie streets, and in a semi nude condition, the yonth replied he had been dreaming that he was going somewhere 011 an errand. He gave his name as-lames Dcane, 15 years of age. The constable wanted to take tlie unfortunate youth home, but being unable to indicate his place of abode, tlie constable took him to the Mel bourne Hospital, where lie was admitted. It was found there that he was also suffering from bronchitis. In the morning says the J "Herald" he felt very weary and prostrate, which, according to observations made by > eminent physiologists, is the usual condition of somnambulists after a night's adventure. A Desperate Figiit. —A desperate fight is reported to have taken place between two men, about eleven o'clock this morning (says last night's "Herald") on the Hawthorn Railway line. Henry Mulholland, aged 22 years, .who was struck in the scuffle with a shovel on the head, was removed to the Hospital, where he now lies in a very pre carious condition. Mulholland is not ex pected tn live, and the police are taking steps to secure his assailant. ... Disappearance of Houses.—The Myers' Plat correspondent of the " Bendigo Ad vertiser" says:—During the past few months several horses have been stolen or have mysteriously strayed from this locality, and despite the untiring efforts, searches, and inquiries instituted by the owners they have been unable to obtain the slightest informa tion regarding the lo3t animals. It is not long since Mr. Tho i as, of the Half-way House, lost a valuable horse, and about three weeks ago Mrs. Bolger,. Myers'-flat, missed one. of her best horses, and notwith standing the fact that a most diligent search has been made throughout tho whole of the district, advertisements inserted in the local papers, " Police and Government Gazette," rewards offered; and every available means usually resorted to on such occasions, noth ing whatever lias been ascertained' as will lead to the recovery of the missing horses. It is conjectured that some persons bave been making "a pratcice of stealing horses from this distring, and forwarding them to distant'markets. Should such be tho case it is to be: hoped the authorifc es will take tho matter in hand : However, it is now quite time an enquiry was made, ■ and if possible those; mean culprits arrested who have deprived many-honest and industrious' farmer-i and workman of fcheiy only means of obtaining a livelihood. "A stitch in TIA1E saves nine," is * the language of the old proverb, in . the very simplicity of which lie* more judgment and; wisdom than is superficially seen. If it were necessiry to test its truth and applicability,: .let those who feel the coming symptoms: of indigestion, dyspepsia, exhausted vitality, inervous debility, loss of appetite, and their kindred ailments, have recourse to Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam AiiosLmc .Schnapps,, and their sufferings will soon be mitigated, f the affections theni3elve3are eradi ated. . r Miss, Inea Austin, of Windsor, has re ceived first prize for a doll's house at the Adelaide Doll Show. The prize is an ele gant silver locket, suitably inscribed. Mr. A. T. Clark, M.L.A. for Williams town, states that he will hold the position of Commissioner of Railways within twelve months. At tiie Licensing Court, held recently at Balranald, the Bench (Messrs. Cook and Lawrence) in refusing the application for a publican's use for a house on the Paika road, expressed the opinion that road-9ide houses should be at least ten miles apart. 