SPORTING NOTES. The popularity of the winter steeplechase meeting of the Geelong Racing Club with metropolitan sporting men was never better exemplified than on Friday last. Judging from the number and quality of the accep- i tances, there was every appearance of a ! miserable afternoon's sport, but despite this i discouraging fact there were no less than 525 j passengers from Melbourne by the special train. The " locals, '' however, failed again to patronise the meeting as they should, and were it not for the Melboure racing folks, the exchequer of the club would be in a lamentable condition. Still, there was some excuse thin time for the inhabitants of the Pivot, as rain set in during the morning, and at one time it looked as if a postponement would he necessary. It, however, cleared off. but as a consequence, the running track was very heavy, and the time in the respective races was therefore exceedingly Blow. The officials of the dub must be congratulated upon the general ! excellence of their management, the only drawback to the success of the meeting being the miserable luncheon provided by the caterer. Von Moltke, who ..has much im proved in appearance since he was. beaten last year by Brown Hawk, was thought to be the correct thing for the Trotting Race, but his Yankee driver let Black Diamond get too far away from him in the first part of the journey , and though he came home at a rare gait, the outsider bowled him over comfortably at the finish. AJiasco occurred in the Hurdle Race, as Rhesus ran off half a mil« or so from the judge's chair, taking with him the favourites, Dhoiringffe and King of TrumpB, and so Cumberland, who has greatly improved of late, was able to come home ha front of New Zealand and Cyclops. There was some talk in the saddling-paddock .of calling upon Chalker, the rider of Rhesus, for an explana tion of his condqct, but nothing came of it, which is certainly a great pity, for if Chalker was- guilty of foul riding, he should be severely punished, whereas now he is at the mercy of disappointed backers of Dhurrihgile, who, rightly or wrongly, accuse him of having wilfully run the horse off. Mr. R. Howie had Koh-i-noor in excellent condition, and although he had the steadier of ?Bt 21b, the public, remembering how Su warrow, with, fist llib, and Progress, with ost 111b, had won this, race two years in succession, went for him very determinedly; hut consider ing ths state of the ground, it was asking him to do too much to beat, when in the humour, a fast horse like Napper Tandy at a difference of only Sib, and so the colt had to finpfinm! : — toad Djjceujr son 01 mariuyrnong and Cremorne. Koh-i noor, who is by Piscator from Topaz, was bred by Mr. Samuel Gardiner, of Bundoora Park, and at the sale of that gentleman's yearlings on the 31st December, 1879, he was purchased by his present owner, Mr. Howie, for 250 guineas. He is a beautifully-bred animal, aB his sire, PisCator, is by Angler out of Rose de Florence (the dam of Nathalie, Ferryman, Maribyr- nong, Fenella, and King of the Ring), and his dam, Topaz, is full sister to First Water, the winner of the Adelaide and Australian Cups, a pedigree good enough for. anything. In the Melbourne Cup his weight is only ost 131b, 171b less than he carried at Geelong, and as he will have fully three months longer to improve, he ought to be at least a 101b better horse, in which case he must possess a first-class chance of distin guishing himself. Suwarrow and Progress, the double winners at Geelong, each ran » viln Al. „ sx n a xux: lug succeeding rr?eiD0uni8 Cup, and it is quite on the cards that Koh- i-noor will better that example. Little need be said in connection with the Steeplechase, as Collingwood, who pulled up lame at Flemington on the .Grand National Steeplechase day, had the foot of his op ponents all the way, and recompensed Mr. Howie for the disappointment he had sus tained with Koh-i- noor, by beating the Tas- manian Victor in a common canter, that " light of other days" old Blue Jacket being quite out of his element. Nimrod, of course, easily appropriated the Selling Hurdle Race, and another proof of the excellence of Koh-i-noor's performance in the Winter Handicap is afforded in the fact that Napper Tandy, coming out again, fairly lost such fast horses as The Ghost and Bruno in the Rail way Stakes, which was run over their favourite distance of, seven furlongs. No unpleasantness of any kind occurred, and the special soon whirled the visitors back to town well pleased with the day's outing. The exceedingly large attendance at the annual meeting of the Victoria Racing Club on Monday last, and the lively interest taken in the proceedings, speak well for its popu- laritr with tfip. momWc THp Kolo-nnn-QVioof was the most prosperous ever submitted, as despite the very heavy . expenditure, and the fact that the club gave away about £10,000 in added money during the year, they were £4,818 better off than at the last annnal meeting, and the club liabilities now only amount to £5,649 12s. 6d. Of course this must be attributed to the fact that the Exhibition attracted so many visitors to town, and thus materially increased the attendance at the races. As, therefore, there must be a material falling off during the incoming year, it behoves the oommittee not to be too lavish in-their expenditure, as a wet , Cup meeting would materially affect the profit of that "carnival," which is virtually the backbone of the club. There was some difference of opinion respecting the proposal to vote Mrs. Bagot a pension, but all were agreed that as the widow of the late secretary, Mr. R. C. Bagot, to whose untiring energy the" present condition of the club is due, she was entitled to every consideration at the hands of the members./ Under these circumstances, it was just as well to carry the proposition to farther consider the matter at a special general meeting to be held in three weeks time, when, we have no doubt, arrangements will be made to the satisfaction of Mrs. Bagot and her friends. Mr. Leonard's motion respecting fractious horses was very properly carried; and though we were sony to see some gentlemen of great experience rejected . at the ballot for the committee, still it must be borne in mind that with so many eligible candidates, the members must have found it extremely difficult to make up their minds whom to reject. Tlie first annual meeting of the Victorian filnh Innlr nl a na nn Tnpudav nffprnnnn Mr. "Whittingham, who occupied the chair, con gratulated the members present on the satis factory position of the club, which numbers over 400 members. The balance-sheet read showed there were 275 members, at £3 3s. each, or £866 5s. ; 131 honorary members, at I one guinea, £137 lis. ; total, £1,003 16s. Contra : Office expenses, printing, stationery, | etc., £134 2s. 5d. ; rent, £200 ; petty cash, j £11 14s. 4d. ; telegrams, £73 lis. lOd. ; j library account, £10 3s. ; secretary, £125; at fixed deposit, £400; balance at bank, £49 4s. 4d.; total, £1,003 16s. This is a satis factory state of affairs indeed, and proves, without any special reference to it, that the oommittee and secretary have managed the affairs of the club in a very praiseworthy manner. Had the committee of the late Tattersali's Association also printed their annual balance-sheet, the members of the club would have been able to see at a glance | how the money was expended ; for Tattersali's, \ with a larger roll of members, and bearing in I mind that the bookmakers for some time had ! to pay £5 5s. per year, must have had a larger revenue, and, of course, should have been in a position to show as equally gratify ing a result as the committee of the Victorian Clnb. It mast not be imagined that the latter institution owe their present prosperity to any parsimony in their management, as the contrary is ths case, and in (hat -respect every satisfaction has been given to the mem bers. At the meeting on Tuesday afternoon, ! Mr. J. Thompson alluded to the highly eatis- factory manner in which the secretary, Mr. : Hay don, performed his duties, and proposed that a bonus of £75 be presented to that gentleman. . Tins was carried unanimously,' mi it was decided in future to increase the secretary's salary to £200 per annum. The two retiring members 'of-? the- committee, ; Messrs. Whittingham and Sullivan, were re- "' elected, and Mr. Grice was elected in thephkce:< s rof Mr. Ipghs, the latter gentleman not being able to attend. The meeting, closed within r Vote of thanks to the chairman. - l£ry E. Weekes informs us that he: has purchased the well-khown hurdle-racer Jaek ,F Tar for the sum of £200. Jaek Tar's desti- . nation is India., 7><"V _ From /Staweli, we areinformed by Mr. A. .Brown, ihe secretary of the Pleasant Creek Racing Club, that the annual -races are fixed for the 26th End 27th Decembor. - ; Mr. Jehett struck out President for the , Ballarat Hurdle Race at 2 p.m., on /Tuesday. r"®" j The following gentlemen were elected to the various, offices m/amed at the meeting of ! the committee of the V.R.0. on Tuesday :- Chairman, Captain Standish : stewards. Messrs. B. Goldsbrough, C. B. Fisher, R. Power, J. Whittingham, A. K. Finlay ; secretary, H. Byron Moors ; treasurer, W. o! Walker ; handicapper, E. T. Batnard ; Works Committee ! .Messrs W atson, Leonard , Porves, Finlay, Wallace ; Finance Committee : Messrs Standish, Robertson, O'Shanassy. We regret to hear that Mr. Matthew Bryant's imported French mare Etoile du Soir, by Gladiateur from Etoile du Nord, died at the end of last week from inflammation. Etoile du Soir was the dam of that good performer Monarque, and the loss is a very heavy one to Mr. Bryant. The following was the result of the voting for the election of ,the,-V«R.C. committee on Monday last : — Messrs. George Watson, 193 ; C. B. Fisher, 166 ; A. W. Robertson, 168 ; M. O'Shanassy, 160 ; F. C. Standish, 137 ; J- L. Purves, 121 ; Hurtle Fisher, 114 ; A. R. Inglis, 107 ; W. Attenborough, 104 ; Thomas Smith, - 19 Arising out of some badinage over the running of P.G. and President At the late V.R.C. Grand National Steeplechase Meeting, a match was made between them for' £100 a- side, weights 9st, and distance one mile. The match came off on the Flemington training- ground on Monday afternoon last, when there was a fair sprinkling of spec tators, the betting being 7 to 4 on P.G., who was ridden by Williamson, J. Jellett being entrusted with the mount on President. .It was a very hollow affair, as P.G. jumped away with the lead, and his antagonist never being able jto get to his head, he won easily by three lengths, in the fast time of lmin ! 47sec. Very fair entries have been received for the five principal handicaps to be decided at the spring meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club, as there are thirty-two for the Gold Cup, thirty-three Grand Stand Handicap, thirty-one Town Plate, sixteen Hurdle Race, and ten Steeplechase. Wagga Wagga" is now , so easy of access from the capital cities of the two leading colonies, that there is sure to be a large attendance of sporting men;. but we regret much that the meeting has not been, better patronised by owners of horses in this coiony. - Weights for the spring meeting of the Sydney Tattersali's Club will be found in another column. The king of the trotting truf in America — St. Julien — stepped, into a hole on the Detroit track early in June, and sprained his leg. The injury will soon yield to treatment, but it prevented his trotting at Detroit. The usual monthly race-meetings at Ken sington Park have now become so popular with owners of horses that we need scarcely direct the attention of those interested to the fact that the entries for the next meeting, which - takes place on Monday, the 15th August, are due at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday next, (he 8th insfc. Mr. Cox endeavours to give the utmost satisfaction to owners, and there fore deserves the patronage he in variably re ceives from them. Now that Monday, the 1st of August, the date from whieh horses take their ages, has become an event of the past, owners would do well to bear in mind that their horses are now a year older, and must not forget that important fact when nominating them for any races to bp decided in the future. Mr. Bond, the secretary of the Victoria Amateur Tprf Club, desires us to mention for the information of those interested that an error has crept into the conditions of the / Caulfield Cup, as jt has lately been announced that there, was a forfeit of £5, and a final one of a similar amount, thus making up the sweep of £10 for all starters. As a matter of fact, the only payment now to be made is the final one at scale of £10, and thus owners can see that they are at liberty to remain in the race without farther charge until the last possible moment. to on Monday next is in connection with the Melbourne Cup, as the first forfeit of £5 is due at the orthodox hour, namely, 4 o'clock. As yet only ten or so horses have dropped out, and, judging from all accounts, there is eveiy prospect of last year's number of ac ceptors — seventy-six — being exceeded on this occasion. However, the number will be con siderably lessened after the A.J.C. Spring Meeting has been decided, but up to then we do not believe the list will be shorn very muoh of its present goodly proportions. From a small Unpretentious beginning the Wyndham Racing Club, thanks to the energy displayed by tbe management, and particu larly by the courteous secretary, Mr. M. Wall, has gradually worked its way into the front rank of our racing institutions. Thus, the mere announcement that tbe winter miwBiig will be held to-day (Saturday) will have the effect of drawing a very large attendance from Melbourne, as well as from the sur rounding districts. In order to suit the convenience . of visitors from town, a special train, at excursion fares, will leave Melbourne at 12.30 p.m. on the morning of the races for the course, and will take up passengers at Footscray and WilliamBtown Junction, re turning at 5.15. The Railway Department wiU issue tickets as foUowa First-class return, 5s. 6d. (including admission to the grand stand, 12s. 6d.); second-class return, 3s. (including admission to the course, 4s.)« Large entries were secured for the various events, and ap the handicapper, Mr. George Vowles, has bean fortunate enough to please . the majority of owners, ihe resultisvi&at; large acceptances have beeiipia different races, and a1 ' may tie anticipated. However, so much de- penfc upon owners' intentions, that it is almost useless to attempt to give a and at this juncture we can only advise backers to deter investing their money until the horses go to the post. Sporting men who have enjoyed many a first- class day's racing on the Dowling Forest course, JBallarat, will rejoioe to hear that everything is progressing smoothly in con nection with the approaching race mating on Thursday, the 11th August. Mr. Bohlert; ably assisted by the stewards, is rapidly getting everything into apple-pie order, and as the loop-line to the course will be finished in time for the meeting, those who contended that the distance of the course from the town militated against its success from an attend ance point of view, will not now have that excuse to urge. The weights for the handi- caps appeared in the early part of the week, ana is nas neen urged that Mr. Barnard has completely crashed the top weights in the two jumping raoes. It may be just as well to point out that suoh is not the case. Sir Peter is r&ised; 171b for his Grand National Hurdle Bace ; but then Cumber land has 201b clapped on him, Dhnrringile 181b, and Young Alfred 111b, and as the dis tance is precisely the same. Sir Peter must again finish before them all. President is very harshly used, as in the antnmn Sir Peter gave him 271b and a beating, and here they are placed at a difference of only 141b ! This is not fair handicapping by any means, and we are not surprised at Mr. Jellett scratching his horse soon after he saw the weights. Mr. Longhlin must win with either Sir Peter, Handy Andy, King of Tramps, or Game. In the Steeplechase, Twilight has been raised 81b for her second in the Grand National; hut Abdallah and Lnoy have each been raised 81b, and Gazelle 111b. To our thinking, the jumping double is once more at the mercy of Mr. Loughlin and his stable. The Railway Handioap is completely spoiled by the handi- capper, Mr. Barnard, commencing on too low a scale ; hat irrespective of these facts, which we feel it our duty to poiht out, we hope there will be a large attendance and a good day's racing. Gentlemen who intend to go in for breeding trotters will be gratified to hear that the American trotting stallion Contractor, re cently imported from Amerioa at a great cost by Mr. J. J. Miller, will arrive in Melbourne at the end of September, and will &erve; fifteen finnrnva moroo ai?tt favmc £ 1 Ka AnmAva wjtia.v TVU wiwvw IIUIIUOIV XVO. VUUCiO wishing to secure his services will please apply early to Mr. W. C. Ynille, Kirk's Bazaar. After the season he will be put into work to show his trotting form. Contractor's pedigree contains all the best lines of trotting blood in the "blue-grass country," and good judges who have seen him since his arrival in Sydney speak in glowing terms of his shapes and appearance. We ehall be in a better position, however, to speak npon the point after he has landed in Melbourne. Now that trotting bide fair to be a leading institution in Victoria, the following notifi cation will be read with a great deal of inte rest by those who intend to go in for the sport ; — " American Trotting Horses. — The undersigned, daring his visit to America, succeeded in arranging with those excellent judges, Colonel J. W. Conley and Mr. Budd Hobbs, to select and forward any of the above class of stock — stallions, mares, track horses, or roadsters — and is therefore prepared to execute commissions for the pur chase of the same, and guarantee the articles, wanted, — J. J. Miller, Garton's hotel, Mel bourne." Mr. Miller's reputation in sporting circles is now so firmly established that there is no necessity for us to say that his clients will receive every justice at his hands. Daring the past few days a rumour has been circulated in sporting circles to the effect that the Hon. J. White's promising colt Monmouth was scratched for all his engagements at the forthcoming spring meet ing -of the Australian Jockey Club. This statement was apparently officially corrobo- ' rated in Wednesday's issue of the Sportsman, and reasons given for the withdrawal of the oolt, bat npon telegraphing the same day to our Sydney correspondent we received the following reply : — " No truth in the state ment that Monmouth has been scratched for all Sydney engagements." This should have the effect of setting the minds of the backers of Mr. White's colt at rest; but how the rumour gained currency it is impossible to e&y.; The Queensland Turf Club hold their spring meeting on the 9th and 10th November. The added money amounts to £890. 'The appoint ment of secretary has been postponed. Lord Harry has worn down all opponents since his arrival in India, aud his owner has forwarded a handsome peice of plate to Mr. T. C. Clibborn, in recognition of his services in having selected him such a profitable animal. Another of Mr. Stnbly's recent . purchases arrived in Brisbane last week (says the Courier ), en route for the North — namely Geide Olgoth&ch;, a chesnut hors6 rising five years old, got by Irish King out of Mobile \ hfanovnria anf a? TaIIo Ktr Iaflfivrnl or Valbruant out of Miss Ion, by Ion out of Miss Ann, by Filho da Tata. He had had a very rough passage up and, was a good deal knocked about, so was not seen to advantage He is a lengthy horse, with very good, shoulders, but rather light below the knee, with not the best of feet. As a racehorse he was somewhat unfortunate, though his speed was beyond a question. About his best per formance was in the Two-year-old Stakes at theV.R.C. Midsummer Meeting of 1879, won by South Hamilton, which he only missed by a head, twelve others finishing behind him. " Beacon," of the Otago Witness, says : — " Mr. H. Driver has accepted the offer of £3,000 for his three horses, Sir Modred, SomnuB, andldalium. The name of the purchaser has not been divulged, but I have reason to think that Melbourne people have acquired what may be well considered the pick of our purest racing stock. At present,' it is under- stood,- the colts will run in the name of Mr. H. Prince. Mr. Driver has sent a Cablegram to the headquarters of racing on ' the other side,' to the effect that he has parted with all Interest in the horses in question, and sold them with their engagements right out. I fervently trnsfc that it may turn Out that some New Zealand sportsman has become their owner, bat fear that aoch ia not the ptc pa xfthey go away to spring meeting, there will be a bit of money dropped over them in doubles and trebles on the Derby, J. C. Handicap, and Oup. Mata and R. Ray have been disqualified by the Auckland Racing Club. I cannot say that I am taken by surprise by this action, for though the Canterbury club declined to follow the action of the Victoria Racing Club, I have for some time past heard rumours that some of our olubs intended endorsing the disqualification. The V.R.G. disqualified Ray as a trainer as well as owner; if so, and If other New Zealand clubs are going to follow Auckland's example, it becomes a serious question for him. Mata appears not to be coming back here, so his disqualification is not of much moment ; but Ray is in this Colony again, and between the diverse action of the Canterbury and Auckland clnbs, must be in a very uncertain position." The latest move made by tne new xgtk Coney Island Jockey Club is a new racing event, which will be the most valuable and important in the worlds The conditions have not been made public, and have not, we believe, been agreed upon and settled in detail, but it is thought that the race will be for three- year- old colts and fillies (now year lings) to be run at Sheepsbead Bay at the first summer meeting, 1883; 500dol. entrance, half forfeit, with 25,000dol. added ; weights, 1181b ; fillies allowed 51b ; and distance pne mile and three-quarters. The Coney Island Jockey Club is not only desirous of opening the event, but insists that it be made perma nent, and to this end it proposes to contribute a -large part of the added money, and a number of gentlemen, among them Mr. James R.< Keene, have signified their willing ness to contribute whatever, may be necessary to continue the event for five years, and the indications are that the race will be announced at once. On Saturday, the 4th Jane, at Jerome Park, a match was agreed npon be tween Mr. Pierre Lorillard and Messrs. Dwyer Brothers. Mr. Lorillard named chesnut colt Sachem, by War Dance out of Sly Boots, and Messrs. Dwyer Brothers chesnut colt Onondaga, by Leamington out of Susan Beane, both being two-year-olds. The stakes amount to 10,000dol., . or 5,000doL a- side ; the distance is three- quarters of a mile; weights, 1101b. . each, and the raee was to be run on the 25th of Jane, at Sheepsbead Bay. The Coney Island Jockey Club added l,500dol. to the stakes. Yet another ni/r m a IaVj Icoa +a Kn vnhArnn a a o amAonafolrna uao WW ww ivvwiuouj OD ur was agreed upon between ex-Governor Oden Bowie, of Baltimore, Messrs.Dwyer Brothers, of Brooklyn, and Mr, Pierre Lorillard. The entrance fee was l,000doL each, and the Mon mouth Park Racing Association added 2,000dol. The distance was one mile and a quarter, with three-year-old weights, and Crickmore was allowed 51b. The race was fixed to be run at MonmouthJPark on 7th July. Governor Bowie named Crickmore, Messrs. Dwyer Brothers Hindoo, and Mr. Lorillard his recent pur chase, Aranza. The recent success of Iroquois and Foxhall has thus given an immense impetus to the turf in the land of the " stars and stripes," and next season we anticipate there will be, for the time being, a regular exodus of American sportsmen and horses to England and France. A Sydney friend kindly writes to say that Mr. De Mestre's string, consisting of Orient, Yosemite, Guinea, Lady Hooten, Motea, Guardz, and Benedict, arrived from Terrara, Shoalhaven, on Monday last. All are looking very well, and, contrary to Mr. De Mestre's usnal custom, are very forward for the time. It will be remembered that after Nimrod won the Selling Hurdle Race at the late Geelong meeting, a protest was entered against him upon the ground that he had been wrongly nominated, the entrance- paper stating that he is by Smuggler, whereas he. is in reality by Vagabond. The stewards met to consider the protest on Thursday last and disqualified Nimrod, the stakes being awarded to the second horse, Fair Maiden. As no less than 3 to 1 was laid on Nimrod, this is certainly a very hard case for his backers, bat they have no one to thank for the blonder bat the parties connected with the horse. Falmouth, The Rake, Venom, and Pollio have been scratched for the Metropolitan Stakes, and those interested mast not forget that the first forfeit is dpe on Monday next. The work done at Randwick (says the News) was of a somewhat faster fand more interesting nature than that witnessed for some time past. The first to work on two inside training track which was capital going, having been well bash-harrowed the previous evening, was Sunset, who was sent easy work. Mr. Fennelly's young division — Segen- hoe, Morpeth, Paragraph, Hecla, Rex, and Despot — were next out, and' both cantered and galloped, and Dennelly treated Falmouth to strong work. Lord LoftuS, Sir Oliver, and Advent then put in an appearance, and after & long canter rattled home the last half mile, Sir Oliver showing a good turn of speed. Tinderbox and Merry-go-round performed the same class of work. Albion, alone, in sweaters, put in an easy twice round. These were followed by Boscawen, Tattoo, Brocas (a Maribyrnong colt),' Prince Sterling, Bonny simk, and Tne Knave, all completing fast work, Lord Glifden and Cadmus, both going alone, were sent strong work, Lord Ciifden especially so. Carmen was treated to the same class of work. Mr. Monaghan had out The Witch, Coolamidgin, and Sardonyx, all of whom were sent strong work. Legerde main and Warhawk cantered and galloped, and Kerolite alone Was sent two and a half miles at a easy pace, with a fast run home of half a mile. Gloucester, Hotspur, and Frag ments were companions doing strong work, also Monmouth and Martindale. Lord Lisgar and Master Avenal were sent in Company twice round, the last' mile and a quarter at ! top, and both acquitted themselves favour ably, Lisgar to appearances having something in hand. Spinningdale and Primrose were about the next out, and put in a fast mile, followed shortly after by Ooeur de-Lion, Bar maid, and Tribulation, who wer sent fast. The Pontiff and Bathnrst then put in an ap pearance, and were sent test' about a mile ' and a half, the' first-named apparently being able to outpaco-his companion, y Sweetmeat, j in company with the good-looking Templar, performed long-string ork, and the morning wound up with a good mile and a half gallop performed by Wheat-ear. Zulu, the Derby candidate, shaping well. The unfair as well as unsportsmanlike conduct on the part of the Victoria Amateur Turf Cluh in announcing a race-meeting on Boxing Day, and thereby clashing with the Williamstown Racing Club, is already begin ning to have an evil effect, and at present it ie hard to say how far this ".clashing" will extend now that it has begun. The BaUarat Tori Clmb also intend to hold a race meeting on Boring Day, and as the Williamstown club will not quietly allow itself to be " snuffed out," sporting men aud their horses will thus be distributed over three meetings, with the result that neither will rise over mediocrity. This is certainly & great pity, as the Williamstown meeting, as a rule, was always a very enjoyable one, and we hope that before it is too late the other clubs will , retrace their steps. Mr. F. J. Krcouse's valuable consignment of horses, 265 in number, left by the Pbais on Thursday last for Madras, and it is said to be one of the most valuable shipments tnac nas ever left tnese snorts. j chiefly from suoh sires as Patriarch, Vasco di Gama, Panic, Blue Peter, Leo, Vagabond, etc., and hare been selected from all parts of the country. The well-known racehorse Baronet, by Lord of Linne from the Queens land mure Miss Pitsford, also accompanies them, but judging from his late running this horse must have seen the best of his days. From Talbot we hear that there is every probability of the annual race3 being revived. This has always been a popular meeting in the past, and we are glad to hear that it will be held as- usual. The negotiations between the Dunedin Jockey Club and the proprietors of the Forbury Park racecourse have come to a successful 'termination, the club paying the rather stiff price of £30,000. Mr. William C. Yuille informs us that he has sold (on account of Mr. Alder sdU) to Mr. Andrew Town the mare Richmond Bells (sister to Richmond, Bosworth, and Palmyra), her yearling colt and filly foal, both by King of the Ring, and stinted to him again ; also, on account of Mr. Grant, the mare Lady Lilliard, by Panic from Miss Melbourne (imp.), to Mr. Henry Phillips, Bryan O'Lynn. The well-known horse Mata has arrived safely at his destination, Dunedin, and since his arrival has changed hands, having been sold to a local resident, Mr. Hazlett, for the sum of £700. As the Auckland Racing Club have lately endorsed the disquatification by the V.B.G. of R. Ray and Mata, £700 is a fair j price for him, as probably nearly all the clubs j in maori lanrl roil! aiiaw f.via AvamnlA Sfifc them by the Auckland Racing Club. The attendance and sport at the Echuca races on Thursday last was hardly np to the mark, and the few metallicians who ventured from Melbourne could not have had a very rosy time of it. The two principal handicaps were won by the top-weight Phantom, who has thus won five successive handicaps, as previous to Thursday he had placed the Town Plate at Hay, and the two handicaps at Deniliqnin, to his owner's credit. It is, however, little matter for sur prise that Phantom has proved himself a racehorse, as he is by the grey Lecturer, who was the best two-year-old of his year, and onr readers need hardly be reminded of the fact that Lecturer is full brother to Kingsborough and Savanaka, and half brother to Emily, Nellie, and Spinningdale. Lancashire Witch, the dam of Phantom,- is by Touchstone from Fairy, by Dolo out of Jessie, by Wanderer, and when in the possession of Mr. L. L. Smith showed a rare turn of speed on many occasions. Bred in such a manner, Phantom, who, by the way, was bred by Mr. C. M. Lloyd, of Yamma station, N.S.W., could hardly fail to race, and we hope ere long to see him on some of onr metropolitan courses. The annual meeting of the Stawell Racing Club was held on Tuesday last, when the balance-sheet for the years 1879-80 showed a deficit of £211 9s. 2d. The following gentle men were elected as a committee for the cur rent year, viz.: — Messrs. J. Cawley, T. Smith, E. Simmons, W. S. Grieve, G. Simpson, J. F. Hunter, C. Aeschimann, D. Fern, D. Telford, P. Langdon Thomas, A. Wilson, and J. Childe. It was resolved to hold a race meet ing on the 26th and 27th December, and that stakes to the amount of £250 be given. Messrs. Simpson, Hunter, Childe, and the secretary were appointed to draw up the pro gramme, which terminated the proceedings. Mr. J. Whittingham's fine colt Nautilus, by Piscator from Coquette, has lately failed to please the touts in the mornings at Flemington, and, as a consequence, is not so firm for the Victoria Derby as he was some time ago. The Marchioness, by the Diver from Sally Brass, was scratched for the Melbourne Cup at 9 a.m. yesterday. The action brought by' Mr. S. Cox, of Kensington Park, against Mr. R. Mitchell, of the | Racecourse hotel, for £1,000, being his esti mate of the value of The Englishman, whose death was caused by a kick from a racing pony of Mr. R. Mitchell's, was to have come on yesterday at the Supreme Court, but was postponed until Friday next. According to a New Zealand contemporary, the well-known horse Le Loup heads the list of winning horses last season in Maori land with £1,565. The Barbarian horse Randwick (full brother to Gipsy Cooper) comes next with £1,302 ; and Sir Modred, who has been backed so heavily for the Melbourne Cup, has £1,291 opposite his name. 