THE WEDDING RING. The wedding-ring has been used from a very early date as a seal which stamps the bond or covenant entered into between man and wife. In addition to this it is a symbol: And as this round 1b nowhere found To flaw or else to sever. So let our love act endless prove As pure as gold for ever or as an old writer says .<—" The ring being round is obviously a symbol of perfection and eternity, having neither beginning nor end that we can see, and is, of course, a proper emblem of love that usually begins without notice, and ought always be without end." Not only is the ring in itself symbolical, so is the place where it is worn. The right hand indicates authority and power, therefore the ring is placed on the left one to signify that the woman is in subjection to her husband. It encircles the fourth finger to denote not only that she obeys, but loves, since it was an old idea that through it is thus made to pass the strongest and warmest current of the heart's blood. Another reason is given why this, as indeed every ex officio ring, should be worn on the fourth finger; it is the first " vacant finger," the thumb and two first being reserved as symbols of the Trinity. This explanation receives confirmation from the ancient marriage ritual, according to which the bridegroom placed the ring on the top of the left-hand thumb with tho words, " In the name of the Father," removing it to the forefinger, saying, " And of the Son," then to the middle finger as he said, " And of the Holy Ghost," and at last, as he pronounced the word "Amen," leaving it on the fourth finger. Still another reason for placing tho wedding-ring on the fourth finger is found in an old authority, who thus describes the ring finger: " For a soldier, or a doctor, the thumb; a sailor, the finger next; a fool, the middle finger; a married or diligent person, the fourth or ring finger ; a lover, the last or little finger." So the position of the marriagering may symbolize, as some think, the duty of the wife to give all diligence to the fulfilment of her household duties. The Romans are thought by many writers to have originated the idea of the Weddingring. However this may be in point of fact, it is certain that, once introduced, their bridegrooms bestowed highly ornamental rings, on which were inscribed suggestive representations and mottoes. At an early period this betrothal-ring was of severe simplicity, consisting of a plain iron band, bearing neither stone xior engraving, but symbolical of the lasting bond of which it was the emblem. It is generally believed that the employment of a gold band as a wedding-ring came into common use, in England, during the reign of George III., and from England the fashion was handed over to America, then in colonial vassalage to Great Britain. The chief reason why the plain band has remained in vogue 60 long for a wedding-ring is its lack of ornateness which insures a lasting ornament without removing for resetting or repairs of any kind. 