So far as can be seen by the newspapers, there will be only two candidates take the field for the seat for the Western Province, rendered vacant by the resignation of Sir SAMUEL WILSON; and these two candidates will be Mi ALEXANDER WILSON and Mr THOS. F.: CUMMINS. Both candidates are con nected with the squatting interest; and both have now given a brief outline of their political views to the electors. Reading down the speech of the one, and the .address of the other, excites quite a feeling of commiseration for the electors, for how they will be able to decide to which to give their votes on the day the poll is taken, is one of the most difficult problems that could well arise for solution. Both candidates are in favor of the Council's scheme of reform, both are free-traders, both are against the land tax, on the ground that it is exceptional and unfair in its incidence, and both are of opinion that Boyal Commission should be appointed to enquire into the operations of the Education Act, although, of course, they would do nothing to injure the measure. How the unfortunate electors, who are not acquainted with the candidates personally, -or have no special inducements to go to the poll, such as close' neighborship, or interested motives generally, will be able to throw in their weight more with one candidate than the other, in the face of such a similarity of opinions, is just about as difficult to decide as it would be to say what will be the fate of the Reform scheme when the two Houses reassemble to do the work of the country. Certain it is that political opinions can have nothing to do with the choice, for there Is not a single item upon which the two candidates conflict, for the speech and the published address might as well have been said and written by the same man, for all tiie difference that is traceable in the two productions. Nothing but a sort of toss up, or a freer delivery, or a moie taking countenance, or more accommodating manners, or something else quite outside of political convictions, can assist the puzzled elector in this case, for all else betrays a unanimity of feeling that is no less confusing than it is vexatious. It is the case of C2ESAR and POMPEY over again, or the " Two Gentlemen of Verona" repeated, without the slightest hope of anything turning up before the day of polling to remove the enigma. We really sympathise with the electors of the WesternProvinceoverthe quandary to which they are reduced, the more particularly as it is not by any means the first time they have been subjected to the same state of things, and we can do nothing to help them through their trouble. They must really work out their own salvation in this case, a although any task more hopeless or irritating, it weald not be easy to imagine. Nevertheless we do not know of any event that could, arise which o wouid more emphatically show the want of Council reform than this contest for the Western Province; and it is in this respect, more than in the mere opinion of the two candidates in the field, that this event challenges attention. So long as the Council remains based upon a restricted franchise there can only, as a rule, be one class of candidates, for no person outside of that class would stand the ghost of a show of being returned. Repeated attempts have been made to escape from this thraldom only for the efforts to prove futile, and the money spent to be completely wasted. CJESAJI and POMPEY have nearly always bad the field to themselves—when CESAR has not been the only candidate—because, there was no hope that an outsider would break through the sqnattocratic clique, or disturb the pandering candidate to the same circle. So freely and well is this understood now that any man, free from ultra-Conservatism, or sympathetic with the people, who' enters the lists, is regarded as little else than soft in the head for nndertaking such a Quixotic venture. That reform of the Council— a very huge broadening of its bads—is necessary, if only to put an end to this unhappy state of things, is just about as sure as that the events of life do not always harmonise with the full requirements of eJjuity and justice. There is no other way to make the Council .representative of all interests, or to give anything like a reasoning choice to tiie electors when the ballot-bos: is thrown open for "their votes to be recorded. In the case of the present election for jflie Weston Province, we see this fact macle ray clear; and it has been equally noticeable in oine-tenUis of the elections ever gince the Constitution Act came into operation. The tale is certainly an old one to tell; but it cannot be too often impressed opon. the -public mind, for the giving of a breadth of dunce to the electors, has really more to do witii all the political troubles which we have to end-ds anyihing else that Of^dSeA w amniihr Jirmtinn. wants a vide breadth of choice of candidates for the Council to improve and liberalise its personnel; and until this breadth is secured there will be neither peace for the public, nor harmony between the two Houses. There will be nothing but (lie cramped opinions, or the restriction of choice, which this Western Province election developes, and which is no more puzzling to the electors of the Province than it is detrimental to the best interests of the community. The grievance is bne that speaks trumpet-tongiied for a great change; and we trust the tame is not far distant when there will be an end to 4ihe evil. 