THE STORY-TELLER: HIS OWN DOCT0S. A DOMESTIC TRIFLE. BT J. vr. III. The next day the one brother was bo ill that the other sent for Dr. MacSoffock, a highly respectable practitioner in the quaint tpvm of broad streets and one-storied houses. The appearance of this professional roused Josiah from the apathy of despair. He apostro phised Ebenezer as a robber, and Dr. MacSuf fock as a murderer. " la it not enough to inflict injury without insult? Are yon not satisfied with tfkipg forcible possession of my property—^—" calling in that legalised homicide to my miserable days?" " Bat my good man " began the dpoqr. " I'm not your good man. I sball not#* a man at all if yon do not take yourself op. There's murder in your eye." ■, Q " Murder 1 Why, I'm only a dawctpr, man." \r " Quite enough too! Manslayers every one of yon. It's your trade." ' " This is a very Berious case," observed Dr. MacSuffock, turning to Ebenezer.. . ■[ _ "Heartrending ! The wreck of a vj decent man. Though he never appro " me properly, in Borne respects he wafc my own equal." r " Ah'm much afeerd there'e something very wrong. It's not as if he had taken a per sonal animawsity to myself. He abus&s; the hull fawculty." " His conduct generally points to bat one conclusion/' said the devoted brother. "Ye're right, Mr. Tutt. A man who can speak of the fawculty in that way isn't fit -to be at large." \ J The doctor again attempted to fed . the patient's pulse, but was driven away by im precations. Mr. Josiah was wont to aver that he never swore; but on this occasion he indulged in a vast variety of exceptions that —let us hope—proved the rule. Ebenezer and MacSuffock exchanged significant glances, and left the room. In the afternoon the doctor returned, and at the same hour came Dr. Thwarter. 'What, two of you! Isn't one sawbones enongh to kill a. bedridden man ? Why not run a 'bus to the end of Collins-street, and bring a load of them? Really, geuthjmsh," added the patient in a weakly sarcastic ro&e;, " explain this procedure." ; J° -,/l " We've merely come to cohsulV uricm your caBe, with a view to curing you,'1 ob served Dr. Thwarter. " Cure me! Fd rather die than be cufed by such rascals, even if you knew h6w tb'do it." ' •' " Jnst what I told yon," whispfered fetac Suffock; "he raves against the/null fawculty. Hell take no prescriptions but his own fooleries. He thinks the favranty are conspiring to poison him." "It's & sad case of ii "' Thwarter. , " It's monornapiai V teqd mania." v//? "I am indii^a lia." " Permit me toh MiBti* Thwarter, truculent quick, only! fortunate man to tell yon that yoa don't know what you are talking about." "And 1 can't pretend to discuss a case of insawnity with a man whose own fawculties are not so clear as they might be." "Go it," squeaked Joaiah from the bed; 41 but pray don't deprive each other of any reputation. Neither of yon has any to spare. A pretty pair to discuss a man's mental con dition ! It's not the least item of the debt of gratitude I owe yon, sweet brother, that you have brought two madmen, who pretend to be mad doctors, into my room." Mr. JoBiah Tutt never made a more unfor tunate speech in his life. The two medicoes were rapidly forgetting him. Had he kept silent tney might have come to claw each other, or at leaBt would have quarrelled be yond reconciliation point His sarcastic re marks recalled them to a sense of his existence, and likewise gave Ebenezer a pre- : text for interfering. 1 \- " Really, gentlemen, it seems to me that .whatever difference of opinion there may be abont details, the general aspect of this case is plain enough." And so it was qnite plain to Ebenezer who desired to arrive at an end, and was perfectly indifferent to the means. The trio retreated to another room, where the astute Ebenezer hastened on a conclusion .before the wrath of the learned pair coold be diverted by any chance from the contemptuous Josh to each other. A conclusion was come to accordingly, and the two doctors departed, MacSnffock muttering that "a man who spoke of the fawculty in that way ought to be kept from harm, and that another passon he could name, who talked nonsense about melancholia, out to be looked after, too." The first result of the consultation was that Ebenezer removed all the physic, except an opiate, from his brother's room. Josiah bore this fresh outrage with surprising fortitude. HA had, in fact, taken alarm, and had come to the conclusion that his best policy was to remain as quiet as possible until be was well enough to get up. Any demonstration on his part would only place a weapon in the hands of his .brother. " When I can move about," he ruminated, " then—," and his imagination pictured for Ebenezer a fate over which we will draw a veil. It was, no donbt, a comfort to that gentleman to think that his normal condi tion was one which could not easily be altered for the worse. Very shortly after the removal of the physic Mr. JoBiah Tutt began to rapidly im prove. He attributed this change to " the reactive energy developed in the Bystem by despair." Ebenezer considered the situation from a less prejudiced standpoint. He deemed the recovery too rapid, and seriously thought of restoring to the sick room a trifle— eay a gallon or so—of medicine. " The worst of it is, that I don't know what kind of rubbish is best calculated to throw him bade • Bhade, without throwing him back too far. And it's a question I can't pnt to Mac Snffock." The last-named gentleman paid another visit to the patient, and was received in dead silence. Not a word conld be ex tracted from Josiah, who would not even look at his visitor. "It's jest whst ah expected. And that little fool talked of melancholia! Why, bis monomania against the fawculty is ancb that be never tamed bis bead towards me. And d'ye know what his silence means?" Ebenezer imagined that it meant discretion, |mt he did not say eo. " It's preliminary," continued MacSnffock, " to an attack of acute mania, and ah very mncb fear that the case will develops into one of chronic dementia. Yon ought to act without delay." " I will," said Ebenezer. The same afternoon Mr. Tutt was suffi ciently well to sit up, a procedure in which the elder aided ana abetted him. In the evening a conveyance drove np to the houBe. " Mr. Spragge wishes to see yon, Josh." " Why can't he come np?" inquired the patient eagerly. " He says he won't enter the home while I'm in it. He knows that I shan't be here long." And Ebenezer drew hie coateleeve across his eyes. " I think yon might slip on this coat and hat and venture to the parlour. Only be careful of draughts. Put on this comforter." Mr. Tutt hurried on the garments and tot toed down stairs, closely followed by his brother. When he arrived at the parlonr, (he resistless weight of Ebenezer from be hind bore him to the boose door as easily as an avalanche sweeps away a Swiss ch&Iet.; At the door two meneeized him by the arms and J whipped him across the pavement "Ay! What! Hollo! Police!" squeaked Josiah. Into the conveyance he wen$%h« two men followed him, the blinds shot OpH and away drove the party. The last glimpse of Hotham vouchsafed to Mr. Tntt was the eight of his own door-post, against which leant Ebenezer, with an immense bine pocket-handkerchief applied to his eyes, and his coppery bald head beaming with a Baintly glow in the cold moonlight. All this while consternation reigned in the house of Spragge. Mr. Charles could not ob tain admission to the dwelling in Chetwynd* street; he conld not hear of or from his ancle. He v&gaely; thought of legal proceedings, bat on what basis conld he proceed ? He could only look on in an agonised frame of mind whilst fonl injustice was probably being done, Fool injustice had been done, indeed, for in consequence of the Ebenezer invasion and conquest, Mr. Spragge had not received the £20 promised him. Mrs. Spragge shed floods of tears and displayed symptomp which, in view of a little impending event, might fairly be deemed alarming. Inmaidenr hood's happy hours she had been a languish ing thing, and had written many verSee. A broken Yan Yean service pipe, especially, had inspired some touching lines in which tne in terrupted flow of the greasy fluid was pathetir cally contrasted with the unfailing stream ojf her own affections. Bat being now a young matron, with the little event in view, she had a proper eye to the main chance. ' "If that dreadful man Bhonld compel your uncle to make another will, onr 'prospects would be blighted," she sobbed. Mr. Charles Spraggegroaned audibly. i " He might force uncle Josh to sign, ana then murder him!" He might indeed, and then swear it wa^ the physic!" , And in view of this highly probable combi nation. Mr. Spragge rushed off to Hotbarp again In a state of cold perspiration. His attendance in the neighbourhood had been pretty constant since Mr. Tutt fell sick-reo mncb so that the larrikins of that region had already dubbed him the " Chetwynd-etrem Ghost" The daypn which Mrs. Spreads idea of Ebenessris developed the brilliant making away with Josiah under of (he latter gentlemen's , inhumsrabl s Whs the motrovr of Mr^Totf■ neteot-like, from his otr i llOUl ft erne conscious that son t, emoting ft pipe, anda coi i fused bacchanalian sound issued from within. Mr. Kbenezer, in fact, after getting rid of his brother, had given his effervescent feelings a vent, by summoning a select party of retainers from the Heartsease and Vitriol—mnoh to the discontent of the landlord. Trae, the latter got the contract for the commissariat, but the withdrawal of so mnoh " life spoiled the cheerfulness of his establish ment, and threatened to impair his custom. Mr. Spragge gazed in amazement at his uncle's dwelling, which at ordinary times wore all the quietude of a family vault. As he was deciding that he might believe his own eyes and ears, Mrs. Crump came up. This weak- minded old woman had been fairly driven out of the house by the imported blackguardism, and ber place aB housekeeper bad been taken by a lady whose education bad been of a more practical kind. From Mrs. Crump, Spraggs gathered the disappearance of hiB unfile— whither she knew not Bnt she did know the name and address of Dr. MacSuffock, from whom the nephew ascertained that Mr. Tutt was at Yarra Bend. " And varra proper, too. He was getting dangerous, and if he'd been left at large might have done eome reeolenceto one of the fawculty." 