THE TEA MEETING Took place in the large building erected for the recent political banquet, which was re-dccorated most tastefully with flags and flowers. The German Band, arrayed in their remarkably neat and becoming uniform, occupied a position at the end of the building, and played various selections of music during the progress ot the feast. Of the scanner in which the tables were laid, and of the abundance, variety, and excellence of the viands provided, it is unnecessary to say much. Jindera always does this sort of thing liberally and tastelully, and the present occasion formed no exception to'the general rule, notwithstanding the fact that the number of visitors was much larger thau is usually present at a country gathering. About 8 o'clock the demands of some hundreds of per- sons bad been tolly satisfied, and the tables were cleared for THE CONCERT. The large Ml was crammed to the doors in lees than five minutes, and the chair was taken by the Vicar of Albury. . The CHAIRMAN rose, and said it had now laiien to his lot to render an account of his stewardship in regard to the financial position of tbe club. Thev would doubtless remember that some 8 veaio oiuw; iir ...... j—i— , church more suitable for worship than the old structure. He did not wish to say one word against the latter, because it had been hallowed by the prayer that had been oirered up within its walls ; and he waf glad that it was yet standing, even thouali they now possessed a more worthy temple. He would now, before proceeding to the business part of his remarks, address a few words to them which, but for the length of the service and tbe heat of the day, would have been delivered in the church. AH familiar with Scripture—and he hoped and believed that the whole of his present audience came under that category would remember that when David had overcome his enemies, and peace had been restored in his kingdom, he thought to build a house of cedars. It was always the highest ambition of a Jew in those days to have a house of cedar ceiled with vermilion, and he naturally thought that the Ark of God would more fitly be honored in such a structure than in the tent of goat's hair in which it had heretofore been placed. It proved, however, not to be God's desire at that time for such a temple to be built, and for 21 years later the ark remained in the goat's hair tent. Then it became God's will that Solomon, the son of David, should build the temple ; and they would doubtless remember the building of that structure, and the fact that it was honored by the presence or Jehovah himBelf. After a time idolatry and wickedness defiled tbe temple, and it disappeared. It was not destroyed, but disappeared ; and the people were carried away into captivity. On their return they built another temple, but so lar inferior in point of beauty to the first, that the old Jews who remembered the magnificence of the original actually wept attheshortcomingsof its successor. But insignificant as it seemed, the glory of the later house far exceeded the glory of the first, for within its walls that later Son of David—the Lord Jesus Christ—walked and 6pokc. The second temple, beautified by Herod, eventually crumbled to the dust. Now what was it that t^ese facts taught? The temples had a peculiar relation to our churches. So sacred were they considered that the Jews were told when they could not worship in them, to worship towards them. They thus had a spccial sacredness, but in other respects our churches were the same, inasmuch as they were erected for the glory of God. Now the first thing to be remembered was that the House of God should be at least as good as the structures iu which they themselves dwelt. But God's House was not confined to a house made with hands, but was the temple of the living God —" a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens," of which Jesus Christ was the chief comer-stone, and of which he hoped all present would he living stones. But there were other temples. Their boiies were the temples of the Holy Ghost; aud in doing honor to the house of God, they must not forget that their bodies were more sacred even than such a building, because they were temples of the Holy Ghost. 'Should they, then, defile those bodies with intoxicating liquor ? Bodies which would be raised aaain, and in which the soul would dwell ior ever. Let them remember this, that it mattered little what became of the material church—the mere bricks and inortar—but that the temple of their bodies would live on for ever and ever. The speaker then referred to tbe liuaucial condition of the Jindera Church. He need not tell them thnt there had been many dilliculties to be encountered in ihe erection of the new building. It had been determined, however, to do something, and something had been done. Tbe}' started by burning a kilu of bricks, and he was sorry to say that the bricks, alter they had been burned, remained along tiiucon the ground. A few members iben subscribed what was, for Ihem, a large sun ; and tbe same contributors were kind enough to cart the stone for the foundations. This stone, however, also lay for some years unused. At last a gentleman came forward and very liberally said that if tenders were invited lor the building, aud his tender proved lowest and was accepted, he. would give £50 towards the building. That gentleman's tender was accepted, and as it was £250, the actual sum was only £200, which brought the total cost of the building, with furniture, to £380. Towards that sum £237 6s. had been received—or rather £188 17s. 6d. had been paid, and £48 10s. more promised—thus leaving only £30 to be raised to extinguish the debt. (Cheers.) Before many months he hoped enough would be subscribed to procure all needed for the church aud to place it out of debt; and whenever that time arrived, they might well thank their German friends for their kindly sympathy and practical support, not only on that day, but ever since they had had relations with them in Jindera. (Loud cheers.) The concert was then proceeded with, and the following programme was gone through in the most creditable style, all the singers being loudly applauded:— Piano Solo Mr. Blundell. 1'artSong—'March of the Men of Harlccli" .. Chotr. Song--TheTrystlngTree" Miss Stewart. Song—"Bed Cross Banner" .. .. .. Mr. ~ Barnett. Song-" Arab's Farewell to Lis Steed Song—"I neper enn loreet" Mrs. Henderson. Mr. Henderson. Song-" Kate O'Shane" .. Mrs. Vlpan. ,., „ , 1'AHT IL Fiano Solo ... Mr. Blundell. .. Cliotr. Port sonc-"Bine Bells of Scotland" .. Duct-" Moonlight, Music, Love, and Flowers " „ 3[r. and aire. Ifenderson. necltatfon-"ThoLittleVnlgarBoy" .. Mr Fearer Song-" Fitly Miles under the Sea 1 '.. .. Mr. Harnett! bong—" Won't you tell me why, Bobin!" MISB Stewart, hong-" We Tan that o'er the Ocoan Sail".. Mr. Vlpan. f V '' •' •• Mrs. Henderson, oong—" Aancy Lee Mr. Henderson. At the close of the proceedings the usual votes of thanks were proposed and heartily responded to. 