BREVITIES. QUARTER Sessions are over. Oddfellows' Hall not yet commenced. Kingsell's new buildings are progressing. The "Sentinel" rather rough last week. There are 440 Oddfellows in Goulburn. Some of Cosmo's youngsters have measles. Wanted, a new drop curtain at Mechanics'. The crops in Tumut district are good. On Thursday night there was only a part of the street lamps alight. The Goulburn clergymen don't get very fat on their marriage fees. We have only about thirty hotels in Goulburn, and all can live. The supposed Chinese orchestra in Auburn-street, on Thursday night, was a " sell." Several more complaints made to us about metal in Auburn-street. A lad named Dougall was drowned in Tumut river, while bathing, on Tuesday last. Two kanakas were murdered on Christmas Day, at Newcastle Bay, by the natives. The two larrikins recently acquitted by the jury for assault 'and robbery of a Chinaman, have again been arrested for a similar of fence. An increase of /£9o,ooo compared with last year appears in the revenue of Queens land. A nugget weighinge4 oz. 6 dwts. was found on Tuesday last at Temora. The finders are happy, and so they should be. Mr. Archibald Forbes, the well-known war correspondent, is expected to arrive in the colony about May, on a lecturing tour. 3,288 publicans' licenses - representing £98,640 - were issued in the colony of New South Wales for the year 1879. The Melbourne Hospital Sunday collec tions amount to /£5777 this year. What are the denominations of Goulburn doing? Our hospital wants funds. Anniversary Day falls on a Wednesday. Easter comes in April this year. \- The census is to be taken in March next. How strange that the Goulburnites have never murmured about the streets not being watered. The estimated population of Goulburn is about 9000 souls. Why are the police appointed to collect the Electoral roll? Why not employ a civilian ? We have none too many police to protect our towns. The Hospital committee will meet on Monday evening next for general business. On Tuesday night a store and bakery at Lionsville, Grafton, was destroyed by fire. An explosion of kerosene is assigned as the cause. The property, as usual, was fully in sured. A great fire occurred in Franklin-street, Adelaide on Thursday morning, and a shop and row of cottages were totally destroyed. The old colonists in England appear to re member the charitable institutions of this colony, for several handsome donations have been received from them during the past week. Old Inglewood (Victoria) is not yet done for. On Thursday last a nugget of 50 oz.- worth about £ioo--was found there. A branch of the A.J.S. Bank has been opened at Glen Innes by Mr. Antill of the Armidale branch. The sight of Auburn-street at the present time would make the ghost of MacAdam. blush. At Port Augusta, South Australia on Thursday 4s. 4d. per bushel was paid .for 17,ooo bushels of wheat, and the market seems to be firm, owing, no doubt, to the partial failure of the wheat crop there. Surely this means progress when the fact is stated that 3,052,800 sovereigns were coined at the mint in Melbourne last year. Mrs. Everett, an old resident of Goulburn, died yesterday morning, at her residence, Burke-street. Some tasteful individual very correctly re marks that the best lip salve in creation is a kiss. The remedy should be used with great care however, as it is apt to bring on an affection of the heart. "The women ought to make a pledge not to kiss a man who uses tobacco, and it would soon break up the practice." A friend of ours says " they ought also to pledge them selves to kiss every man that doesn't use it;" and we go for that too. . Snooks says there is a marked difference between birds and women. As an illustra tion of this, he cites the fact that a bit of looking-glass on a fruit-tree will frighten away every bird that approaches it; while the same article would attract more fair ones than a load of cherries. " Mr. Smith," said a lady at a fair, "won't you please buy this bouquet to present to the lady you love ?" "'Twouldn't be right"' said Mr. Smith, "I'm a married man." "Why, doctor," said a sick lady, "you give me the same medicine as you are giving to my husband; how's that?" "All right," replied the doctor; " what is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander." 