Tittle-Tattle. . THE good people of Wilberforce no sooner get ont of one terror than they are assailed with another. Not long ago a ghost haaated, and ^now they have'a teal- lire madman to agitate them. On Sunday last the whole village was in an uproar* .all -the available policé force was called out and placed under I arm« ; blacksmiths shouldered their sledge hämmere ; farmers their coulters and scythes, *an8 the'old women their hroOiuBtickB ; ¿od ! in Indian file they- dodged from tree to tree j to the vicinity of the swamp, for it was there I it was reported that the nvaniac had taken op his quarters. Tom 'Maloney^ house on the Highlands was visited, and the door was found wrenched from iu^binges, and all the windows open. Presently something was ¡seen inside making a rush for the door, and a general stampede of-thief whole brigade took place, the lot starting for home-fences and ditches being no impediment to the retreat;of the army. By and by the word went roofed that it was only a " track possum " making for his hole which had startled the party, and they again gallantly mounted the MU;, and. commanded by Qènpral Bisberts they r|n rested the place rand declared a ïîege.- ' Fqiw old women' wejre detailed «ff as- sentinels, each armed ^ the teedi" with a broomstick and rolling-pin, and a leconnoitreing party was told off. This patty made a flying detonr ot the besieged fortress, *bat''8aw nothing to create alarm, and they were marching home wards when a loud shriek from one of the sentries thrilled them with horror; they hesitated whether to ron or. stand, the shrieks continuing till one bolder than the rest cautiously approached the terrified sentinel, and found her in thc agonies of despair-she bring, stuck up by a-? bush -niousv*. General Roberts hovered about the enemy aud marked the road he took but that is all he marked, for the maniac is still " wanted/', I TOOK a stroll along the Cornwallis-Road the other eve lo view the great eaflhwrrks being performed by the Trustees, and I, with nine tenths of the people I met, came to the conclusion that a wasteful expenditure is goiug on in that locality. A couple of old fossils are scratching abont the road and making things worse. Â con pie of tdd hens thought they were scratching for their chicks, and they at once, in a vcr? unmis takable manner, showed them that they could scratch better, make a bigger hole in lees time, aad find more worms. Bat, joking apart, I think it is high atna thar, .'.¡is road j «;<«. taken opt of U-s i r«»<<nt t¡an.¡Ítt**llerls ¡ liâtes, j¡í;iC!íu in aa JiciuJs t i the rtoaJ SiJpericiendent. T!;;.s road has beea a sor* place for many years, and instead of thc wound being healed it periodically breaks Out af'esh. MY friends, Alf Robinson and young Stew Dunstan, were nearly wiped ont on Tuesdaj last They were cantering along the roaii near Turnbnll's corner, when a vehicle com ing along in an oposite direction siartlec Mr. Robinson's horse, and he shied to fuel an extent that the rider was thrown. Thc other boree jumping over the prostrate ridei and horse, and throwing; his rider, kicking Alf in the back of the head as he went over, and hurling young Steve's knee. Mr. Robinson's horse was injured in the shoulder, aod he got a severe shaking, hut fortunately no serious consequences are likely to occur, Moral : Avoid ugly men when they art driving along a narrow road. 