New South Wales. [FROM OUR SYDNEY CORRESPONDENT.] 9th June. Parliament is to meet on the 5th July. It thus happens that the Legislatures of New South Wales and Queensland will recommence business on the same day, and though the work cut out for them differs in character, it is by no means unimportant in either one or the other. One of the first questions our collective wisdom must wrestle with will be that of Chinese immigration. Recent events have developed a, very strong feeling in the public mind on this perplex- ing subject, and from the occasional utterances of the Premier thereupon it may be taken for granted that there will be some disappointment felt at the remedy he proposes to apply, as there was when legislation was last attempted in this direction. But the plastic Premier will, you may be sure, be equal to the emergency. There is some talk of a motion of censure upon the Government being moved by Mr. Forster, who, it is understood, will lend the Opposition. Mr. Forster is a well known stickler for constitutional principles, and his old enemy, Sir Henry Parkes, has been spending money on objects not included in the Appropriation Act. Sir Henry Parkes, notwithstanding his democratic and utilitarian principles, occasionally affects a taste for the fine arts. He has even been known to dabble in poetry, but the mind of the author of the Education Act and the Kiama Ghost does not appear to have been a congenial home for the misses, Another weakness of our Premier is to look large. On great occasions, or when rubbing shoulders with the notabilia of other colonies, he is in a constant state of inflation. Nothing would do him when last over in Melbourne but he must spend considerable sums of the public money in the purchase of costly exhibition vases, " chaste" statues, Jtc, leaving the public to pay the piper. For these indulgences in aesthetic tastes the Premier is to be brought to task, but they scarcely constitute a sufficiently grave offence to deserve parliamentary censure, But a motion of censure, if it be moved, will serve to show how the Opposition really stand, and that, doubtless, is the only result that is looked for. The Government, of course, command a strong majority. There are, however, signs that the confidence of the Assembly in the Ministry is certainly not being strengthened. Murmurs of discontent are board from various quarters. Not that the Government have done anything particularly wrong ; but the interests of so large a body as those who now support the Ministry naturally come in conflict, either from a. political or a personal point of view, or perhaps both, and it is impossible to please everybody, just as it is impossible to avoid offending somebody. In the comparatively unimportant matter, for instance, of appointing an inspector under the State Children's Relief Act, the salary for which will not exceed 100 a year, the Government were between several fires. One large and influential section of their supporters pestered the Colonial Secretary to appoint their candidate, while another lot worn using all their influence in favour of theirs, and a, third section wanted the ballot given to somebody else. Sir Henry Parkes took his very proper course of appointing the gentleman recommended by a board appointed under the Act, but his selection lins none the less given offence to a numerous section of Government followers, and they accordingly evince a disposition to Bulk. But these are minor and comparatively insignificant tribulations. When the prize in the gift of the Government is, say, a railway line they can less afford to be independent. The present Government were compelled to yield to the pressure brought to bear upon them in favour of a line to Illawarra, although the Premier himself and some of his colleagues were known to be opposed to it. And now we find them giving way under the weight of influence in favour of a project which, though in every way more justifiable than the Illawarra line, they last session ignored namely, a line from Grafton to New England. There was a great hubbub made by the people of the Clarence River district when they found that they were not to got their railway, and they commenced to do what people often do when smarting under disappointment that is, talk nonsense Nothing short of separa- tion would do. But when their choice modified they took the more sensible course of asking the Ministers to a banquet, and to an inspection of their district. The invitation has been accepted. The Minister for Works and Sir John Robertson have been selected as the ambassadors for the occasion. This is virtually knocking under to the demands of the Graftoniles. Indeed, the prospect was a serious one for the Qovenitnont. Had they persisted in ignoring the claims of this part of the country to a railway, a strong contingent of the northern members would have been driven into opposition. But the banquet was a happy thought. It bridged over the difficulty nicely, for of course the Ministers would never venture to accept Bitch in invita- tion unless they had fully made up their minds to give their entertainers what they want. So the line from Grafton to the New England district may be regarded as sanctioned. Sir John Robertson and Mr. Lackey start on their tour next Monday. The Treasurer, Mr. Watson, is in good spirits at the success of his two million loan. It was placed on the market at a favourable time, and as the amount is comparatively small, it need excite no surprise that the English money lenders should be eager to subscribe to it. The fact of the Government asking for this money is an indication that they intend pushing on the lines already sanctioned, and for which the loan was authorised. Were it not for the indisposi- tion of the Minister for Lands (he is laid up with the gout again) the happiness of the Ministerial family would be complete. 'Tis even said that Mr. UobIcíuh is about to resign. Of the non-political events of the past week, the wreck of the barque Queen of Nations occupies a foremost place. It has given rise to a large amount of talk in shipping and commercial circles, the conduct of the captain and chief officer especially being the theme of comment. The newspaper reports give the behaviour of these two gentlemen as "eccentric." What the cause of that eccentricity was the public are exceedingly anxious to learn, as there are very ugly rumours flying about, which one doesn't care to take the responsibility of publishing in these days of contempt of court and libel actions, The inquiry that will of course be held should satisfactorily clear up all doubts ; but as a life was lost from the ship the public are naturally impatient to know the facts of the case, in order that the blame, if any, shall be put upon the right shoulders. Another matter, in which the interest excited bordered on the Sensational, has been before the public for the past five or six days, and is what to the faculty must be considered a highly interesting case. I refer to the case of the unfortunate woman, Susan Nixon, who died a couple of months ago. In her case a fatal mis- take was made by the doctors. That is now admitted. It would however,havosaved an immense amount of trouble, anxiety, and suspicion, if the mistake had been admitted at first ; but when the matter was inquired about in the Legislative Assembly just before Parliament prorogued, an untrue answer was furnished to the Minister who was questioned about it. The poor woman, it seems, was operated upon for abnormal pregnancy, but the diagnosis was erroneous. The operation cost the patient her life, but it was not discovered until too late that a mistake had been made, and that, in fact, no operation was necessary in the case at nil. The facts of the case got whispered abroad, and at length, on public attention being drawn to, them, the body of the deceased woman was exhumed, after having been buried over two months, and an inquest was held. The inquiry lasted several days, and the verdict of the jury, while it cast no blame upon any of the medical gentlemen concerned in the operation, recommended that future official consultations should be held before such operations are undertaken. Painful and distressing as this unfortunate case is, it is of a most instructive character to the medical profession ; but this fact rather heightens than assuage the feeling of indignation in the public mind for people at once say that the unhappy woman was simply practised upon, The evidence, however, shows clearly that every precaution was taken all through, and that three medical men concurred that the operation known as gastronomy was necessary to save the patient's life. The evidence of the operating surgeon, Dr. Warren, is very full, very explicit, and very interesting. Another unpleasant aspect of the affair is the fact that it was sought by some of his brothers in the faculty to make him the scapegoat in the transaction In this case, and the doctors differed, instead of concurred, before it was too late, it would not have been necessary for a jury to decide the Bulletin case is still a stock topic And things are decidedly looking up with the " live paper" The public has already contributed about £500 towards its defence fund, and within the past few days a very important decision was given by the Full Court in the Bulletin s favour -no less than the granting of a rule nisi by which there will either be a new trial or the verdict of the jury and be set aside altogether Further, Judge Sir William Manning has declared that he is dissatisfied with the verdict of the jury, and he has withheld his certificate allowing costs to the plaintiffs All this is very significant, and points to the very strong pro- liability of the Bulletin being righted after all And so it deserves to he, the more especially as its tone and character have vastly mipro\edsiuco the Clontarf trouble 