SPORTING. GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLEOHIASE MEEIINO. We take the following additional par ticulars from the Melbourne papers : Starwas the most fancied of the eight starters for the Maiden Hurdle, but Handy Andy, who is own brother to President, and was in excellent condition, won rather easily from Mulatto. Not 1 one of the competitors made a mistake. Groat Western was the favourite at odds against the field. For the Maiden Steeplechase Proteus baulked at the first fence; and Actress at the next, while Swiss Boy never showed prominently. Fairlie ran a game good little horse, but the company was too good, and the finish was between the Ballarat pair, Colling wood and Great Western, the latter igohieving a clever victory by a couple of lengths. Thirteen came to the post for the Grand National Hurdle, and Mulatto, Roebuck, Dutchman, and Spectrum were included in the list of starters, while Symbol, Lady Ripon, and Zephyr were amongst the absentees. Sir Peter was made such a warm favourite that he nearly touched even money, and he also bore off the paIns for condition. Cumber land (who was ridden by M'Innes) came away at the last mile, but at the sheds Corrigan gave chase on Sir Peter. At the last hurdle Sir Peter held the advantage, but galloped into the hurdles, and was headed by Cumberland. But a vigorous finish on the part of Corrigan brought the favourite up, and landed him a win ner by a head only, and this was effected almost in the last stride. Young Alfred had rather a rough and decidedly common appearance at the post. His party, how ever, declared him to be a wonder, and not for one momentdoubted hisabilityto win, but he did not succeed in gaining a place. Jack Tar and Roebuck fell, while Spec trum ran round, but Cyclops (steered by W. Harden) showed prominently more than once. Intrepid, Himalaya, and others were scratched for the Grand National Steeplechase, for which, on account of the form displayed by the stable and Corrigan, Twilight was made a very warm favourite at 5 to 4, while Sussex and Gazelle were next in demand at 3 to 1. Early in the fray Taxaracum ran at the first fence, and Victor followed suit; and in front of the stand, the first time round, Abdallah came down, which reduced the race to four horses. Twilight forced the running, with Lucy and Gazelle, next, and Sussex close up. Twilight looked all over a winner to the turn into the straight, when the long stride of Sussex began to tell, and passing the game little mare, he won very cleverly by about two lengths from Twilight, two lengths from whom was Lucy, who ran a good honest race. Gazelle was running well up to the last fence entering the straight, when she fell. In . point of condition nothing looked so fit as Twilight, and Gazelle was nearly as well. Sus sex was in excellent fettle, and was patiently and judiciously riden by Batty. One account says that Victor caine in fourth, but did not complete the distance. Zephyr was made the favourite for the Selling Hurdle Race, but President won by half-a- length from Albyn, with Union Jack third. As the horses ran round the turn, a dog rushed at Monitor, causing him to swerve and throw Barlow out of the saddle, giving him a heavy fall. When brought into the casualty room, it was found that lie had sus tained a compound fracture of the leg. For the Flat Race P.G. came with a great rush just before the start. It was a very pretty race, and won by Woodlands, who once again showed some brilliant pace, winning in 1 min. 43 sec., with Respite second, and Attache, who got a bad start, third, The Ghost being fourth. The horses had got fully three hundred yards before the bell sounded. Yet it is said that the new mode of taking the time can not, err. 