SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. Y. ll. C: GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE MEETING. XBY TELEGiwrit. I (FROM OUU OWN COBllKSrOSrtEST.) MELBOURNE,. SATUUDAY. ;Tlva first ; Grand. National Stooplcchnso Meeting of V. li. C. was a most pronounced success. Th'orb we're p 12,000 pcoplo on tho Floniitigtou courso.' Tho racing \ ¡rood, aud tho day beautifully fine. Tho Marquis of N numby und Lord Charles Scott were present, and thora v alargo proportion, of Tallies, tho stand being quito ft Sir. Byron Mooro, tito new secretary, was warn fougratnlated .on. ..tho success of his th-st meelii All through tho sport was of ft very high eli character, thc finishes for nearly all tho cveuta being ch and exciting. Tho .bookmakers lost very heavily, as. t favourites won in nearly nil tho races, and alargo mimi of doubla and treble, ovouts were pulled oil by the publ Ono feature of the day was tho great success of Corriga who won tho first threo events, and was second for t fourth. Panic, ns tho sire of four of tito winners, ful maintained the high character which ho has so long bon Everything passed oß most satisfactorily, the only casual being that of Barlow, who was thrown iu the Selling ll ure1 while riding Monitor. A dog rushed out, which cnus Monitor to sworvo off, and Barlow fell, sustaining a cor pound fracturo of tho leg. After that raco tho winner, Pr sidont, was sold for £310, out of which tho club rcceiv £280. MAIDEN HURDLE RACE. : : ¡Hanúr Andv ...,. 1 'Mulatto ... ... 1 ;...' ... ... ... ... 2 Lotliair ... . -.'.. ... .... ... . ,.; 3 Ectting: 5 to -1 v. Star, 7 io4 v. Handy Andy. . Mulatto and Lothair showed well in front during tho fir part of tho race/ but Handy Audy, ridden by Corriga' drew away and won easily by threo lengths. Mulatto socon two length's ahead bf Lolhnir. *.'.>. . Star, Albyn, Van ' Tromp, Now Zealand, and Laudloi also ran. Time, 3 minutes 69Jseconds. . . '. . '. "" ' MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE. . Great "Western ... .;. ... ... ' ... 1 , .Collingwood ... . ... ... .... ... ... 2 ?? Dahlie. . . 3 Swiss Boy," Actress, and Proteus also ran. . Betting: 5 to 4 v. Great Western, G to -1 v. Collt'ugwooc Great Western and Collingwood's colours wero in fron' close together, all through tho race, but Great Westorn wo nt tho finish, hard held. Actress fell, but was remountet and carno in 100 yards behind. Corrigan nguiu redo ti winner. ,. ? . : ,, ..... cnAxn NATIONAL HURDLE RACK!' fir Peter, list. iib. ... ... ...-.'..'... 1 . .Cumberland, Ost. Bib.- ... ... . ...-'.'... .2 Dlmrringhile, lOst. 3\b. ... ... a Tho following also started :-Jack Tar, 'Mulatto, Dutch tnnn, Cyclops, ¡Rhesus, Discount, Young Alired, Spcctrurr Fictitious, and Roebuck. . . . Betting: 5 to 4 v. Sir Peter, 5 to 1 v. Discount, 7 to 1 v Jack Tar and others. The Giand National Hurdle was ono of tho best race over witnessed on Flemington course. Rhesus and You»; Alfred jumped ciï with tho lead, and all followed past th stand close together. Tho first hurdle was negotiated b; thoentiro field, and at noxt jump Jack Tar fell. Tho jump ing during thc remainder of first round was beautiful, Cor rigtm, on tho favourite, lying back fourth. Roebucl failed to negotiate thc jump just before entering tho straight but no other casualties occurred. Passing tho stand secont timo round, tho order was as follows : Dhurringhile, Rhesus Cyclops, Sir Peter, nnd Cumberland, with tho other: well np. At tho far side Sir Peter commenced to draw u] towards tho leaders, and at tho abattoirs Cumberland alli Rhesus lcd, with Sir Poter coming up very fast. Tho pan leading into thc straight was very hot, nud a mngnificen struggle ensued between Sir Peter and Cumberland up tin straight. Fifty yards from homo Cumberland was slightly iu advance of Sir Peter, but tho latter made a grand effort nnd just won on tho post by n short neck, Dhurringhile third, a length andn-lmlf; IUIOSUB fourth, and Discount fifth. Time, 5 minutes -12J seconds. ORAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. . Sussex, Hist, llb. 1 'Xwiliclit, list.-llb. 2 Lucy,'9¿l. lilt). .... 3 Belting : 5 to 4 v. Twilight, 3 to 1 v. Sussex, 5 to 1 v. Lucy. Tho horses got well away together. Sussex went away first, but was soon headed by Taraxacum and Victor, both ol whom haulkcd at tho first jump, and wore not seen again in tho raco. Lucy and Gaucho wont sailing away ia front, and mado tho running for tho first round, Sussex lying third nearly tho whole of tho mee. Twilight was going well within herself, and Corrigan waited till tho sheds wore reached, and before entering tho straight shot ahead with Sussex. Tho latter took the last jump first, and, despite nil efforts on tho part of Twilight, carno in winner by a r.ouplo of lengths, Lucy about tho same distance behind. Gazello fourth; very exciting finish. Batty rode thc winner. Time, 7 minutes 25 seconds; SELLING HURDLE RACE. ' -President.*. .... 1. Albyn. .... ... .2 Union Jack ., ... ... ... _ 3 Betting: 2 to 1 Zephyr, 3 to 1 Monitor, and Nimrod. Tho following »Iso started ¡-Pioneer, Zephyr, Marte, Monitor and 'Nimrod. Union Jack and Nimrod's colours showed in front nearly all tho way round, President lying well back, strongly iu bund, und at tho last turn ¡to came with a rush up to Union Jack, who retired beaten, and a splendid race ensued homo with Albyn. President even- tually wou by half a length, Union Jack two lengths away third. Barlow, who rode Monitor, fell off on tho flat and sustained compound fracturo of the legs. . PLAT RACE. Woodlands. . 1 Respite . . ... 2 . Attache . . ... ... ? ... 3 Tho sraiicrs were-Camballo, Robbie Bums, Belladnim, Blue Ribbon, Napper Tandy, Wizard, P. G., Bar One, Bruno, Tho Ghost, Ween, Minnow, Cora, Consol vativo. Belting: 3 to 1 against P. G., 5 to 1 against Bar One, Wizard, and Attaché. The start was not a very good one, The Ghost and Woodlands getting away first. Conservative rushed to. tho front, nnd maintained his advnntngo for somo time, hut, coming into thc straight, Tho Ghost led. Wood- lands went up very quickly; eventually winning comfortably by two lengths. ' Respite came well nt tho finish, but Woodlands was too good. Attache wa3 3rd, Tho Ghost 4th, and Napper Tandy otb. . Tho winners of tho Maiden Hurdle Race, Maiden Steeple- chase, Grand National Hurdle,and Gland Nutionul Steeple- chase wero predicted by "Nemo" in last week's ííi/thif// Mail, and tho horses were correctly placed first, second, and third for the last-named event. 