D^Mist A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. Mil. B. D. X. M. 80UTHW0ETH, Aatbar of -Tha Hidden Hand,' 'The DmM WUa,' -felMbdt,' **. 4* OHAPTSR LXUL-(GMliiw«L) They mr tinging lo haraoooaspMiiauBt am ?vvniag byutn, with tbo nausio tram Bayda. Mai gUdoi «F to ilw group, nod added kar aW sopcaao voios to UMmit compiling ttoonartouo. TMti »p«at ? lose ?rcaJur witH aMrcd flMafc, mmI then a«i«rat«d «n-l retired. Taw 1ft* «m«miw awako tn that cattla whaim »»oraung mow M«tf« babie*. And their first tibaf thought, niter they bad Moorandtnaa tfteir a»u,niahmcnt at flod- Jug tbsmatftaa in a staaag* bed, aad bad faaBliaoiadaowibtycajaataatr^wa^—inttf an*. Sbawaoooikdap comfortably aalatp on tho toot of thtfebd, whtiwaho had bam flaoad by tba feittuol Hotly, who had tt caJval bar Into at Bight from (ha band* ot Mima, tha &*.«?, who had bronghi bar from tha JteaV-Meat milage. Tba cbildian bow wanted nothing to aoaaplaU their bappi— a. Thaybadthe ataoaoasOf tha aaatiaaad tba ouurt-yard, and, in tha oara of Nolly Lacy, the* wandered abont at will, ail over tba pteea. aarpriMd and daiigntad anaw at tvory ?otsjty, and pleased with tbair pretty young nuiwsoaMl, whoscposluouaaaswr. vaat tbay began to noder»und, and whom they waraaa that tb«y hoped aho would not. ** won a«ay ?? poor lit did.' Attar luaebooutbatday Lord Beaudevere and Mia* ltoapardo totk leave of tbair fnaada and wau boan to Uoudland. OHAPTEB LXIV. bbiak oa vision. Kn and Arislle wen laft with only eaah otbtr and iha two children for company ; aad if they oould not bo celled absolutely h»FPT they Wen at feast very peaceful and aaotcattd. On the third d-y of her eojourn at the OMUe Net received a short note from Antoinette Dolonone, saying that aha vh no longer able to ride or walk out, and aoarosly able to ait at bar wi ittng-table long enough to writ* Uut note, and imploring Nat to coma to bar, avtn if aha had to bring the ehUdnn with her. If K.t Uwn could have dividtd henelf betwasD Ailalla and Antoinette, aha would have done so. SheoBuidnot bear to refute Antoinette, and she could not bear to leave Aiialle at this juDoiure. 8he wrote a moat affectionate note to her ooutin, tolling her ot the .state of attain at Cattle Meotjoie, and promising her that she would mi out tot Dslocaiae P«ik immediately after Curistaias. In fact, Net waa secretly lookisg forward to the return of Yaldimir Deipardu, and his lull rtouncUiation with Liay Arielle. Such a liafipy LonBUunuatiuo lor tfaeyouDg lovers wuuia aet bur so much at -eate on her young friend's account that she would feel quite tree to leave ber. atOiiue she tried to sound Arielle upon the aubjeot. ?? We have not heard anything from Cloud lsnd since Lurd Beaudevere and Viviocne left u». But i snppoao we shall hear Itooi them as soon aB.Mr. Devparde arrives,' she aaid. 'I do not know why they should announce his arrival to us,' replied Lady Arielle, ooldly, though with a slight treuiour in her voice. ' Because he is coming to vindicate him self, my dear,' replied Net, gently ; ' and, indeed, be ueeds to vindicate himself to you mare than anyone else alive.' . ' I do not wish to hear his vindication. We already know what itwillniuount to. He fell into low company ; he won entrapped into marrying a low girl ; his wife aiid child have perished by yellow fever in New Orleans ; he devoted .himself to the care ot the Bufferera until the reigu of the plague wae over ; and now he comes back a iree nan to vindicate his character. What sort of a vindication is this? I want none of it !' ' Oh, my dear Arielle .' remember how he loved you, notwithstanding all, and try to forgive him,' pleaded Net. *? I do forgive Mm ! I must forgive him, or never expect to be forgiven myself. But 1 cannot — cannot receive him on the old ? conditions again. I could pass over 'almost any other fault in a man but thu one that he has committed ! He allowed himself to be drawn away from me by another woman. I cannot condone that offence — no I cannot ! I cannot t It has opened a great gulf between our souls, wider than that which aeparated Dives from Lazarus i' said Arielle, passionately, while her delicate frame shook under the atom of emotion aroused by the theme. ' I do believe that you could more easily forgive your lover for murdtring another man than, for loving another woman!' exclaimed Net. « I-ao-*b*lieve— I-could,' anawand AtMUe, rtiinniabjlj, r^~~* ?BBBMBaMiii ij ii^iMffiim^iii - I'-^JafJiiirffi'lT^iHaH^'i 'Perhaps ho never , did either leva or marry another (woman. Wa have not hi$ word tor it that he did. We have only the detective's report; and thay fall npon falso clues with masterly ingenuity. Mr. Dwparde saj* nothing but thu— that he is coming h«me tu vindicate himself from all reproach. W« should at leatt give him tb« opportunity, and not prejudge him,' pcraiated Net. ' Sty oo uiuie t 1 cannot bear the suljaut, Nat ; buc fell ma, dear airl, do you oiteo hear from Mr. Fleming 7' inquired Ltdy Arielle, nut auUaioiuly at all — beoause an* had not the slightest autpiclon that Adrian Fleming had asserted his wif«— but only to change the subject. Not flush** to her temples, aad answered, av-ui«aly : ?? Nut for a month. When I heard last, ba was in America, and w»s about to start for tha wilds of tha West to hunt the buff lo.' Nat did not add, that aven for this infor mation she was indebted to tha ' Personal ' column ot a Oavonaiiire paper that had accidentally fallen into her bands. How Nat loathtd the part aha had to play toahkld ber recreant huabaad from reproach! Bad it baan only herself who waa to suffer, ahe would have told the whoie story of her haxlaas marriage, rattier than have appeared in falsa colours and lived a lie 1 Arislla perceived Mat this aubjaot pained bar friend ai much as thu other one had pained herself, and aba therefore refrained irom punning it; thinking, perhaps, that Net f«lt the continued iDmdm of her husband as a humiliating neglect of bxnelf, and thinking no worse man Wat. 'Wall, nevex mind! Let ui loava off talkuig of the men ! The theme is a most unprintable one ! Lat us talk of Wuineu I What w the matter with Autouwtte ltelvniuer' she inquired, with much interest. 'A hereditary delicacy of constitution teat ahorunied the lives of all their fare muthora fur many geutxations past. .Each om has died younger than the mother who bore ber, and poor Antoinette, who thinks that *h* i» dyiisg, is several years youuger than her own mwtber was when the paned away. 1 am very — rry fur Antoinette, lier puauioaiatnilypiiiabla,h«i fataaluioattragi cat Tuinkufni Nutyet nuietvenyeaisold —youthful, boauUful, wealthy, aocuuipliabej, aadamUtioua. fivaabitious! bheduvlared aba would nut marry anyoba under the rank of a duke, you know. And now to be dying, alone in that rentuto country house, with uo ouoaaarbarbut nurses and sarvant* ! It is too aurrowf uL 1 must gv to her immediately after Chhrtnu,' Mid Net. Lady Arwlle would have expostulated, but aba Mi that, howwer vnwillug iOw might fed to part with Net, abo could not coarownUuualy object to have her to go to bar dying oouaia. *? Why— in case of Antoinette TMoninVa dyinK unmarned-jroi, an tba beirew of JXrlonlua IVirk, am you [natf auddenly loqujrod Lady Arwlle, as if tha thought had just occurred to ber. 'Yes, but don't lot us dismiss that, ploaae; tha thought is really an* truly too Oiatroasing to me,' aighed Net, tununx away ber bead. ^ *? foo disuo-aing to you, is It, my unadBah darling, to romvwucr that you are tbo fattireas of Drloraiue Parkr It wiU not be too dUtrcaMug to Sir Adrian and Lady Fleming, take my word for it I But there, i will aay so mura about it. I auppose you must go to Antoinette alter Cbriatuu*,' 'Or tarlicr if aha abould get worse. I wroto and told her that.' A few days after this conversation Arielle reooived a note from her guardian. teUiajr her that tho (UUrmJ. ateamship, fromNeW York to Southampton, had arrived, bringing Mr. Vuldimir Dr«parda, who had Uut morn* injf telegraphed to bis uncle to send a dog cart to meet him at tho Miston atatiou at aevan o clock the next morning. Tho note ended in those words : ' But 1 Hhall not send anybody, my dear. I shall go myaclf to meet my dear boy. And if be cau vindicate himself to my satisfaction, as 1 hope and beliovo that ho can, I will bring him to your feet without delay. If ho cannot— and it mar be possible that he cannot — I will not permit him to approach you.' Arielle read this note to Net, and then asked her: ' What do you think of it'r' 'I think, as tho baron does, that Mr. Desparde will be able to vindicate himself fully. And in that case he will soon be at your feet, dearest,' confidently replied Net. Aritlle's delicate face flushed to the edges of her hair. ** I hope they will make no mistake about what I shall consider a full vindication. If he bad deierted me for another woman no exouto that he could make would vindicate him in my eyes. I could never, never con done that ofience. I might forgive it—nay, 1 muif forgive ic— buc I can never, never oondone it 1' she exolalmed. « 'Hutu, my darling I Dj not excite your self prematurely. I do not believe one word about that other woman. But, thank heaven, your autpense, this trying suspense, will soon be over 1' ' Yes. Yaldimir starts from Southampton this morning, and by travelliug d*y and night will reach Miiton Station to-morrow at seven in the mormug. Tae b iron will meet him there, hear his explanation as ' they drive home to Clouiiland, and if that explana tion sh»il saiiaty him he will bring -h« wanderer here in the afternoon. To-morrow afternoon! Oa, how Heart Ah J 1 hope, i pray that there tus been no other Woman la tbo 0aee I Bat, ah i what i« the use of such a hope or prayer in regard to a past eveut, whioti is fixed past hoping for or pray ing lorl' All tbe rest of that day Net nntloed that L*dy Arieiie was very reitleu and could oeitie hertelf to no occupation. At nmut, oa leAVibg her friend to retire, ahe said: ' 1 aui going to bed, Nat, because I do not know what else to do, aa it is bed-time, but 1 know I »h»ll not sleep. Oh, Not ! it it uot humiliating tu feel this interest in a man who ottered me (be greatest affront a tvomau could porsibly reoaive?' exclaimed Lady Aritlle, in a flame of ?eli-scora. * ' Or who seemed to have offered you this affront. Appearances are deceitful. You muut wait fur hu explanation,1' replied Net. ' I ahull lie awake and tbiuk of him — think ui liiui on the railway train speeding uorihward through tbe oarkuess of the iiight. lie will be travelling all night ; he will be at Miatoa at seven o'clock tomorrow morning; lie will be at Cloudland at half past nine, and — if all should be right in his explanation to Lord Beaudevere— they will be here by twelve .' Oh, Net, what a thought! What is the hour now, dear Netr I never carry a watch; look at youra.' ? ' It wants about two minutes of ten,' answered her friend, after consulting tho little time-peice that hung at her girdle. ' Fourteen hours yet to wait! Oh, if I oould ouly sleep seven of them away! I might bear the rest ! Ah .' it in degrading to care oo much about this mau ! But it is only in the hope that the report of the detectives may have been a lalne one. If it was true, I will never condone the offence ! Never !' So, with her soul torn between lore and wrath, Lady Arielle retired. Net went to her own apartments, stole on tiptoes into tbe nursery to look at tbe sleep ing «luUzaa.and auuro aerwlf that tot were safe and well, and then she offered up her private devotions and went to bed. Net also lay long awake, thinking of her friend, hoping and praying that Yaldimir Desparde' « explanation of hi* tnoBt extra ordinary and apparently moat unpardonable conduct might prove satisfactory to Lady Arielle, aud that a full reconciliation and re union might make tbe lovers happy. The little clock on the mantlepiece had struck twelve before Net fell asleep. Then she slept soundly for several hours, and dreamed a painful but confused dream about Kit, of which she oould make nothing at all coherent. She was aroused from her sleep at last by a hurried rapping at her chamber door. She started up, only half awake, exclaim ing confusedly : 'WellP y.es! Who is it! What is the matter V 'It is I, Net! Open the door, dear !' answered the trembling voice of Lady Arielle. Net, much surprised, sprang out of bed and opened the door in a second. Pale as marble, in the early winter morn ing light, cold and shivering, Lady Arielle stood there in her white night-dress. 'Afy dear! What is the- matter f' exclaimed Net, in consternation. ' Let me get into bed with yon, Net. I— I — I've seen — I've seen — ' began the girl, but her voice died away in her ..lraVing frame and chattering teeth. Net hurriedly turned down the warm bed olothes and led her shuddering friend up to Arielle threw herself in and drew the covering up over bet head, and lay there stoking as with a bird ague. N«t nastily drew on her warm dressing gown and slipper*, and then bent ovar tbe shuddering form that had taked posiession of ber bed. ' Arielle, dearest, what ia It ? A chill or a f riant T 8ball 1 call up the housekeeper V ??Ob. no, no ! It is not a chilli Call no one. Gat into had again I It is not near Urns to rise I You'll fake cold I' muttered the giil, in smothered tones, as aba shivered aud (book uuder the cover. ?? But, ArieUe, you aasd anlstinoa. Lst ma—' 'No, no, not It ia tha shook! Tae fright : Cjum to bed 1 I'll tell you I' Net want aad locked the chamber-door and then got iato bed and lay down betide tha shaking girl, who at once clasped bar closely like a lrigbtcaed child. ?? Now, when yon an sufficiently composed, y«u will tell ma what has alatmed you/' aaid N«», in a toothing tone. Bat Ariollo continued to shiver aad cling to ber tiitnd in ailraee for a taw moment* lungrr t UieB she aud : *' Oa, Nat, )ou remember, after grand mamma left us 1 told you that I t«jw her sitting ia bet chair iu my room.' 'Yes, dear, I remember you told me so,*' replied the little woman ; forbearing, however, to utter her thought that it was only a delusion of the imagination. ?? Well, Net, I was not afraid of ktr ; no, nor of grandpapa rither, for 1 saw Aim also, Not, though 1 never told you so. I would not tell you because 1 thought you would only amiie.at me, as you did when I told you of my seeing grandmamma.' ' My dear, 1 thought you were tbe subject of some hallucination of your senses, the result of yodr weakened nervous system,' answered Net, gently. ' 1 know you did. And indeed my weak ness made me more ausouptiblu tointpremiotu from tbe spirit world ; but, Net, they were real impressions. 1 did wee my grandmother sitting in her own arm-chair in my room, within a week after her departure, and i did aee my grandfather sitting at his study table when I opened the door one day. «' Did you address either of them V' ' No, for though I waa not afraid of them, I was so startled by their apparitions, and then they duappeared.' ' But you have not seen either of them lately I' ' No, it was shortly after grandmamma departed that I saw her several times ; but never after the first few weeks. I have seen grandpapa but ouce.' *' Toen it was not the apparition of either of these that frightened your' ventured Net. 'Oh, no! oh, no! I should not have been afraid of them ! They looked mo natural 2 But thit one— OA-A-A .'' shuddered Arielle, clinging to Net. ^ ' l'eil me all aoout it and yon will feel better. I dareuay it was a nightmare dream,' said Net, reassuringly. 'A dream ! llow could it have been a dream, when I never slept for one instant? And as for the nightmare, I never had it in my life.' ' What was it then, my darling F' ' I am going to tell you. I have not been asleep to-night. I did not even doze. I was so wide awake. The room waa bo dark that towards morning, when the smouldering tire on the hearth went entirely out, I could see the first faint approach of day between the folds of the curtains and the slats of the shutters. I waa watching that faint, increasing light, and Baying to myself that — lie — Valdimir — had just about reached Miston Junction, and while I was so watching, I heard the clock strike seven. Theu ft ding very tired, I closed my eyes and — ' ' J-V'll asleep,' udded Net. 'No, I did not! I fell into a quiet, conscious, restful state that seemed better than sleep. I lay enjoyiug- this benign repose for some moments^-I know not how long — when — oh, Net !' suddenly exclaimed the young lady, covering1 her eyes with her hands, as if to shut out Home terrible vision that memory had conjured up visibly before them. ' Ho od, my dear,' said her companion in a low voice. ' On, Net I with my eyes closed, with every eenue closed in perfect rest, as I lay there 1 became aware — in some mysterious, occult manner, winch whb not through Bight or hearing, or any material faculty — I Buy 1 beod.me aware of some pretence at my bed tide. Tiiis awed me iulu a deeper quietude. Soon I seemed to hear, not through u-y bodily ears, but through my Bpirit, deep breathing over me. It laid me under a deaui-nne spell. Soon, out of this breath ing issued sijhs, aotter tnan the softest notes of the Eoliau harp, bearing these words : ' Bee me. He slew major sending the letter that saved you!' Tueu — oil I Buall 1 ever get over it t — then, out of tbe deep darkness loomed upon my sealed eight the shadowy form of a tall woman, domed in long, black raiments. Spell-bound with awe, I could hoc move, or apeak, or breathe, wtiie the ehaduwy, black robed form grew out into more dutiacc outlines — a cieai out, uiarble-wbiie tace, with fire- bright, azure eyes, and a long, cloudy veil of pallia, guiden-hued hair. 1 had no power to maw my guze, my mental eight, from that marble-whice face, those fire-bright eyes, until I recoguiBed Kit Ken! 1'nen 1 screamed, ana the vision vanished 1' CHAPTER LXV. KTBTHBXBS. As Arielle finished her strange recital, ahe dung to her friend aud shook again as with an ague fit. Net was much amazed, not so much by the vision itself, which she explained mentally upon natural grounds, as by the effect it had had oa Ariella. 'Well, my dear, what happened next?' she inquired, thinking it beat to encourage the terrified girl to talk and get the whole subject off her mind. ' Oh, then, Net, as soon as the awful vision vanished, I recovered my powers of motion ; I started up, eprang out of bed and ran to you. That ia all. I feol(better now, since I have told you. Oh, Net, what do you think of it P' piteoualy inquired the trembling girl. Net Fleming did not answer for some moments, but theu she said, deprecatingly : '- Don t you see, my dear, that this was only a dream ? While you were lying there so quietly, so restfuliy, aa you describe yourself to have betn, you unconsciously dropped asletp, though perhaps only for a moment, and dreatntd all thin.' '- No, no, no, I did not, Net ! Oh, Net ! how very, very hard you are to convince. But perhaps you have never in your life seen a supernatural form or heard a super natural voice F' 'No,' replied the sonnd-bodJed and sound-minded little woman, 'I never have.' 'Well* then, of course it is no use talking to you 1 I might as well talk of light to a person born stone blind, or if music to one born atone deaf! I don't blame you for your incredulity, Net.' 'No, nor do I blame you for your illusions, dear,' smiled Net. The mantel clock ttruok eight. Net slipped out of bed and unlocked the chamber-door and rang her be'l, and then returned to bed, for the room was very ooid. Nelly Lacy came iu and made the tire. And tbe next minute the two chudien buret open tbo nursery-door and ran in, in their night-gowne, and climbed up into l.ttle maininam's bed, all unconscious that she bad a companion. ' They are enough to put all the ghosts of Gthvnna to night; are they uoi?' laughed Nut, aa a be rt turned their caresses. 'Huth! oh, hvahl' breathed Arielle, iu an awe-atiucK tuue. When tbe tire had wanned the room the friendB arose. Lady ArieUe went back to her own chamber, where she found another bright fire, and ber maid Lucy Lacy in attendance. Nelly Lacy took the children back to the nursery and dressed them. Net mado her simple toilet, and went downstairs to the breakfast parlour. She was soon joined by ber hostess, who, on entering said : ' As we are alone, I have sent Lacy to tell Nelly to bring the children to breakfast with us. I know that they have been accustomed to breakfast with you. I forgot to do it earlier, and only thought of it when they came bursting in upon us upstairs.' ' How kind and thoughtful you are, dear Arielle.' ' I mean to be kind, but indeed I am not thoughtful. If I had been I should have had tlicho children at table with us ever siuce Lord Beaudovcre and Vivienne went away. Ah, no ! — But hero are the children.' They all Bat down at the table, and lingered over tho breakfast uutil the clock struck ten. ' Only two nours now, doar Net. Surely — surely — if all is right, they will be here .in two hours !' exclaimed Lady Arielle, an she put her hand through Net's bended elbow and leaned thereon, walking up and down tbe hall— for Arielle was too restless to sit down. But they had not to wait until noon for news. At half -past eleven, while the two friends were sitting in tho smaller drawing-room in tasteful morning dresses, waiting with almost breathless impatience for the arrival of the expected visitors, Adams, the ladies' foottnun, entered with a note on a silver saiver, which he handed to the young lady, saying: 'A groom from Cloudland brought it, my ludy.' ' Well, take him to tho servants' hall and give him some refreshment while his horse rests,' said Lady Arielle, scarcely able to curb her impatience until the mau left the room. Then, with beating heart and burning cheek, she tore open the note, which she Baw was in Vivienne's handwriting, and she read it, while Nut watched her anxiously. Vivienne's little missive was as follows : 'Ci.uuoi.and, 16. u Deu'-uiber, 18 — . ' My DftABBttT Abielle. — I write to save you some hours of useless anxiety. My brother arrived at Mi-ston Stition iu good health early this morning, and was met by Beaue. *' But, alack-a-day ! as the old folks used to say, he was subpoenaed as a witness upon some disturbance that occurred on the train, and had to go back to some Btation to testify. 'Beaue went with him, and sent the carriage back, with a note for me by the ooacuman to tell me of this annoying contretemps, and to say that I must not expect them back until late to-night. Did jou ever hear of anything more provoking in your lite? I have no words strong enough to express my disgust and abhor rence of this btAte of affairs. ' 1 shall sit up for them to-night, and send theru both up to see you early to morrow morning. And in the meantime, with love to Net and the childr. n, I am your own Vivienne.' Arielle read this over to henclt, and then read it aloud to Net. ' Now, is not this the most vexatious thing that could possibly happen P It really makes me feel ill. I can appreciate now the old proverb that eaya : * Hope deferred maketh tbe heart tick.' My heart is sick. Twenry-tour hours more ! Oa, dear Net! Couldn't you chloroform me, and keep me under the influence ot thit paiu- killing drug until this time to morrow morning?' she inquired, with a piteous look in the face of her fiiend. ' Ic ia very trying, I know, dear Arielle ; but you must be brave and patient. It will uot atom so long. The day is already half spent, the ni-cht you will sleep away, because you did not sleep last night, and to-morrow morning you will have nothing to do but to expect your visitors,' said Net, hopefully. Arielle sLjhed deeply, thiuking withiu her own uiud that if sue could feel certain Vuldimir Desparde had not been so false to her as to have married another woman, and if it would not be mo unmaidenly, she could find ic in. her heart to take Net and go to Oloudlaud to share the vigil of Vivienne, and so meet Valdimir half a day sooner. She controlled this ptuuuonate desire so completely that Net did not even suspect its existence. Bat the day passed very heavily with Arielle, who could settle herself to nothing. When bed-time came Arielle Baid to her friend : ' Net, dear, I am really afraid to sleep alone. I -wish you - would let me share your room this one night. Should 1 disturb you, do you think ¥' ' Why, no, dear ! I am usually a very good sleeper, not easily disturbed. How should I be when I have been accustomed for the last four years to sleep between two kicking children 't I shall be glad of your company.' So that night the two girls slept together, and slept soundly until morning. They arose blithely, too, and soon aftei breakfast they began to look for theii *ong«d.f or visitor*, _ ^ | But another disappointment awaited I them. Again Adams appeared -with a little - cream-coloured note on a silver salver. ArieUe grew dizzy as she took it aad tore it open. ^ It contained only a few informal lines, as follows : 'Beaue is a fox, an old fox, a sly old fox ! He did not inform me yesterday morning of the nature of the disturbance that detained Valdimir And last night he came home without my brdther, And when I brought him to bay he had to confess that Valdimir was personally interested in that ' disturb ance ;' that in point of fact, said ' disturb ance' was caused by my brother's having been robbed while in the railway carriage, of tho moat valuable family jewel in his possession ! a jewel worth all the landed property in the family. I suppose it is the great historical diamond called ' Kirius.' / thought that jewel was safe in the vaults of my cousin's banker. How careless of Valdimir to carry it about him. ' 1 will tell you this : If ever it should come into my possession — which is scarcely possible— 1 should sell it to some sovereign with mote cash than common sense, and invest the price in solid real estate, with a sure title that could neither be lost nor stolen. ' Well, Valdimir has gone back ever so far on his track in search of this stolen jewel, and will not return until he has recovered it. ' Beaue says that there ia no doubt it will be recovered. A jewel of such trans cendant worth cannot long be lost. 'Beaue only came home to relieve my anxiety, and went back this morning to rejoin Valdimir and assis: in the tearch. 'I am laid i-p with a dreadful cold in the Lead, caught thiough standing out in the night air watching tor Valdimir. ' Take warning by my fate, aad don't watch. ' Love to Net and babies. ?' Tour own *' Viviennb.' Arielle read the letter, and passed it over to Net, without a word of comment, but with a look of comic despair, if euch a term be allowable. She was very far from suspecting tbe gravity of the matter that detained her lover. Net in turn read the letter, and passed it back to its owner, only saying : ' It is tbe fate of Tantalus.' The footman who had brought in the letter stood waiting orders. ' Go, Adams, and bring me the morn ing's papers. If that robbery took place night before last, there must be some notice of it in this morning's Times.' ' Beg pardon, mj lady, but no papers have come this morning,' replied the man. ' Why, how is that?- It is one o'clock ! They should have been here before now !' ' They have not come, my lady.' ' Well, go ; and as soon as they do como bring them to me. Yet stay ! I must write a line of acknowledgement to Miss Desparde. I did not reply to her note yeBterday,' added Arielle, in an aside to Net. She sat down to a writing- table near the fireplace and scribbled off a hasty note, very guarded, however, iu its wording, not by any means exposing the extremity of her own anxiety and impatience, but only expressing her o-*n and Net Fleming's sympathy with Vivienne's disappointment aud indisposition, and their hopes of her brother's Bpeedy arrival and her own happy recovery. She read this letter also to Net and then sealed, directed and despatched it by Adams to Miss Desparde's waiting messen ger. All that day Lady Arielle waited and watched for the doily newspapers that failed to come. She did not know that her guardian had caused them to bo stopped, lest they should shock ber with the news of Valdimir Desparde's arrest on the dreadful charge of murder. She blamed the unlucky news-agent, and denounced him in no measured terms. *' Jobs jn bag a monoply at Mislon I He is too independent! He neglects his business I '1 here should be a rival estab lishment there, which I should certainly patronise! The idea of his neglecting to Bend the papers to-day'' she exclaimed, for the twentieth time. Net laughed. ' Pojr Jobson 1' she said — ' any one of a dozen accident* may have happened to prevent hie sending the papers. And as to his 'monopoly,' it batdly puts bread enough in his hungry children's mouths ! I wish you could see them, poor things !' ' Ob, Net, I am a selfish wretch, and all my goodness is not skin deep I The minute anything crosses me I am bad! That is, I mean, £ find out how bid I am !' said ArieUe, bali-lighily, balf-penitently. Net did uot - ontradict or flitter her. It wan not Net s way. Still another weary day and night passed, and then, at length, something happened ; but it was not what they had expected. CHAPTER LXVI. VIVENNE'S WOE. Lgbd Beatjdevebe continued his daily visits to Yookley prison, although the journey there and back, and the hour spent with his untiappy kinsman, took the whole of every day. tin long as he could prevent Jobson from sending the newspapers to Montjoie Coptic aud to Qjpudland he had hoped that the dibastrouaffiews of Valdimir Den)-arde's arrest and iuiprirtoument on the terrible charge of murder might nut reach the ladies of either house, for Lady Arielle lived in strict seclusion since the death of her grandfather, and Miss Despurde was confined to her room by a severe cold. But as the days went on, and the news spread from one to another all over tie oouutry, uutil it was in everybody's mouth, Lord Beaudevere perceived how futile were his plans to keep it conoealed from his wards. Auy day, a word from a tradesman might reveal the calamity lo a servant or a child, who might bring it suddenly to either of the houses from whiuh he so earnestly desired to keep;it. H* deemed it, therefore, belt that he should himself gently break the matter to Vi«ienne aud send her with the intelligence to Lady Arielle. In accordance with this plan, he delayed his daily visit to 'Valdimir for a couple of hours, and met Vivienne at breakfast, to which she was now sufficiently recovered to come down. She henelf unwittingly led up to the subject. -? Oh, indeed 1' ahe exclaimed, as aoon ai she entered the bre^kfatt-room, and saw him waiting there for her. '? You do not mean to say that yeu are going to sit down to the table with me this morning? Why, I have not had the honour of your company foi seven days 1 What has happened 7 u tbe ^ lost jewel, the gnat diamond, Striui, found i at last ? If so, when shall I see my truaut 1 brother? Or is he detained to Identify bis I property and— the thief?' ahe aauoily I demanded. ? I ' Pour out my eoffae, Vivi, aad I wi 11 tell : I you all about it ai tec breakfast,' replied tbe bam. The girl sat down and did as he desired. After bieikfait was over the baron arose and *aid : ' Come into the lion tj, my love. I have something to say to you.' His manner and tone of voice alarmed the girl, and prepared her In some degree for what ahe was drstinsd to hear. (To be continued.) 