THE LAW OF ARREST. The following very sensible letter, ia reply to a very senseless remark of a Police Magistrate upon the 'Law of Arrest,' appears in the Gundagai Times : ' Sir, — In your report of the forgery case of the police v. Alfred Smith, which was heard at the Gundagai police-court on Thursday last, either you hare been guilty of a grave and unpardonable error or ehse Mr. Love must have been, as in another caae he said Mr. Weekes was, asleep. I »m inclined to think that the fault (you ivill pardon me for saying bo) must lie with you, because I can scarcely belie re that ao profound a lawyer as your tnost excellent Police Magistrate cuuld have fallen into such a ludicrous mistake. In the case to which I refer you state that the Police Magistrate inquired how the defendant was before the court ; and, on ft reply bein^ given by senior-constable McEUigott to the effect that he had ar rested Mm the previous day, you make his worship say, ' It did not matter, as the prisoner was before the court ; but lie should not hare been arrested without a warrant.' Now, assuming that your report is correct, I take l§ave to say that Mr. Love, accomplished juriet as he is, made two mistakes in expressing himself thus. If a warrant were essential for the prisoner's arrest, the constable's conduct was reprehensible in locking him up, although it could not, of course, affect the charge of forgery preferred against the accused. I submit, however, that not only was the constable justified in arrest ing Smith as he did without a warrant, but also that he would have been highly censurable had the accused escaped in consequence of his not having done so. This assertion may surprise Mr. Love, but I can show it to be law. In Beckwith v. Rhimy, 6 B. and 0., page 639, it is laid down that, although it is clear that a private individual cannot arrest upon bare suspicion, a constable may do so. ' There is a distinction between the two parties just named : In order to justify the former in causing the arrest of a person, he must not only show reasonable cause of suspicion, but must prove that a felony has actually been committed ; whereas a constable, having reasonable ground to suspect that a felony lias been committed, is authorised to detain the party suspected until in quiry can be made by the proper authorities.' This is the Common Law pf England, and it has full force in this colony. Now, as to the application of this law to the case 'of Smith, it is only necessary to point out that the cheque had been pronounced by Mr E. O. AHiumi (ao fnean authority) to be .a forgery, and Mr. Bubek had also declared that it had been given to him by Smith for n valuable con sideration. If these facts did not create a reasonable suspicion in the mind of seniors-constable McElligott that a felony had been committed by Smith, all I wril pay is, that he must be a very unreason able and ureasouing sort of a man. He is however, on the contrary, an intelligent, /discriminating, and experienced offioer, and, consequently, he did what he was bound to do, namely, arrest the prisoner. In this spiritualistic age perhaps you will, Mr. Editor, permit me to subscribe my self.— Lord Mansfield's Ghost. Tnmut, April 30th. [Our report was correct, — Ed. G, T.] Phbezzlbuect. — James Kinsela, formerly postmaster at Queanbeyan, and who in that capacity -was convicted of robbing the post-office, and sentenced to 18 months in Goulburn gaol, is again under arrest for embezzling' the sum of £10 14s. 2d. the property of the Commis pioner for Railways. He was brought up at Wagga, and remanded. Kinsela, it appears, after bte discharge from goal hero, i:au jsufficcrif fV.vcninieiit influence ' }«ft jo get the billet of head porter at the Juneo railway station, where he was em ployed when arrested on the above charge. 