ODD NOTES. BY A. BOKEMIAN. (From The Week.) ?'JDrrnnra tho ' last few days I have booh elaborating a now theory of tho Ministerial polioy. It is not 1u-to complete yotrdoo9 not come up to the requirements of a scientific thoory for accounting for nil the phenomona in. a moro reasonably probable manner than could bo otherwise suggested— but it goesa long way in that direction. As I always mate a point of lotting my readors know as much as i Know myself, if not moro, and give them tho bencBt of my cogitations, with full liberty to tako them for just what thoy may be worth— give them my thoughts in undress uniform, ao to speak— I proceed at once to explain my now theory, and the ground- on which it is baaed. First then, JI'Hwraitli was for a num ber of years aftor entering Parliament a bit , of a Eadical— not so far gone as I am, but decidedly leaning in that direction ; so were Macrosaan and Perkins j and Paluier, in spite of his peppery temper, invoterato predilection for ' sitting on' peoplo who came in his way, ?was too liberal-minded a man at bottom to suit the pure merino section of the party he used to lead. Morehead may have convinced him of the error of his ways during the last few years, but that remains to be proved. ?Well, after tho steel rails bobbery last year, and the prominent part played in the business by the firm of M'llwraith, M'Eacharn, and Co., the Premier came back and insisted upon the ratification of a eontrnat1 for a steam service via Torres Straits, with a clause providing for the contract to be handed over to a new company to be formed for the purpose. Tho contractors were the British India Company, but that clause pro Tiding for tho transfer of the contract to a new company led, everybody outside the. Ministerial party, to the inevitable conclusion that it 'was going to bo another- case- of M'llwraith, M'Eacharn, and' Co.' This firm appeared to be getting a finger — two or three fingers and ;a' thumb for that matter — into every Queensland pie, and' it looked as thougV nobody else was to have a ghost of a chance in the colony. But the British-India Company are still carrying out the steam service contract. Then, again,. M'llwraith announced that he had arranged, ?with a powerful, syndicate ,in London. for the, construction of a transcontinental railway on n sjatem: of liberal land grants,, and we were all in expectation that the most valuable half of the colony was about to be handed over in fee simple to ia ring of foreign capitalists, whose only object would be to screw ns much money out of the speculation as possible,' regardless of any interests, public or private, save their own. But the syndicate has not yet got hold of the land. Then again, .- there wa3 a sum of money set down in the ^Estimates for an agent for immigration from British, India, but the money was not voted, and , no ooolies have come along yet. Mow,: can the true explanation of all these facts be that Sl'Hwraith and his colleagues only suggested these revolutionary measures just for a' 'lark,' and to frighten their political oppo nents into fit$ in order to enjoy their terror? It is like one of llorehead's practical jokes — is it not ? I must pursue this inquiry further on a future occasion. A good deal can be said in favour of it. .' The regatta in the Hilton reach of the Brie, bane Biver last Monday seems to have been a very enjoyable one. I heard one man, an Irishman by profession, I believe, declare that he never enjoyed himself so much in so short a time since he left the ' Ould Sod ' — unlimited whisky for the asking, and fights everywhere, ' promiseous like.' One down another come on, and love making between whiles, to your heart's content. But there are different ways of looking at the tiling. For my part, I do not think I should have enjoyed the fun. That sort of amusement is too exciting for me, and a broken head, the I053 of a few teeth, or a blackeye, would have seemed to me too high a price to pay for the sport. Mind, I am neither bigotted nor selfish in the matter of how people should enjoy themselves on a national holiday; arid it drinking, fighting, and love-making, by turn or liniuUancously, be preferred to all other possible modes of passing the happy hours away — why by all means let those who prefer that kind of amusement indulge in it in preference to all others. But on the high, moral, and political ground- of equal rights to all, I maintain that no one has a right to interfere with the enjoyment of any one else, and the amusements above described on the river bank last Monday quite spoiled the pleasure of a large number of persons present who could not enter properly into the spirit of the thing. I would suggest, therefore, that whenever another larrikin orgic of the kind is decided upon, arrangements be mado for its celebration in a more private and exclusive manner. One of the small unoccupied islands in the bay would be a suitable place for such a saturnalia, admission only by ticket, accom panied by a certificate of character or diploma, to the effect that the bearer was a duly qualified larrikin, or larrikiness (according to the sex), 'rough,' street-walker^ blackguard, 'bush- , creeper,' rogue, jade, ruffian, orgaolbird. Aftor the list of tho above was complete any idiot who had any vestige of character to lose and desired to lose it in that way might be permitted to accompany the expedition. I think such ah arrangement would answer every reasonable argument, and provide for the ' liberty of the subject,' as much liborty aa any subject ought to desire. But, on the river bank at a regatta, \- in, the midst of decent ^women , and innocent little children, tho sort of enjoyment indulged in by the 'professionals' of both sexes and ? their admirers last Monday afternoon was out ' of place. That is my decided opinion on the subject, at all events. '' A rather good story comes to nib from the ; ' Never Never,' apropos of tho Premier's late .visit to one of tho contres^of population ? in that reeien. The Minister for Lands made ' a tour in the same direction last year, and was exceedingly kind to a gentleman now holding a responsible position in the local government of ?the place. It would be indelicate on my part to specify in the. blunt and candid manner of 'jny'informant tie particular favour conferred . by the Minister for Lands on the occasion of his visit ; but it enabled tho recipiont to con tinue his business and supply his customers ;' with their favourite beverages with the acous ? tomed punctuality and despatch, when but for' this timely aid they would have been compelled to go without or seek a frosh aouroo of supply. Whun the Premier camo along, this local raagnato, full of gratitude for the personal servico rendorcd by one of the Premier's colleagues so recently, and determined to show his appreciation of tho Ministry in general, and Mr. M'llwraitli in particular.on the occasion of his visit, arrangod ?with, his fellow officials for a public banquet to Mr, M'llwraith, One hundred and fifty tickets of invitation wcro issued and ono hun dred and fifty persons, with .fine healthy appe tites and great powor of suction, accepted those tickets, and assisted tho Premier in disposing of that banquet and sup plied the necessary amount of oiithusiasm .during the speoehes, drinking of tho toasts,' hud the like.. And the .whole thing was' man aged economically, too, for tliOjOxponsos. wore taken out of the local' funds, to'wnioh the State contributes £2 for every £l.raised-by local taxation. It was an excellent idea. All honour was done to the Promior, and, after all, 4.1««. i.nvnnnn*-A aF +1ia nnlrtni' will linirn' t/v /inn. tribute two-thirds of tho cost. _ If the local iiiagnate who organised and superintended the arrangements for that banquet was not a Scots man, ho ought to be. ' ; . i I think I have' already intimated in theso 'notes' that I am not a Roman Catholic, nor in the slightest danger of becoming one, although I have a nuinbor of personal friends who belong to that Church. My friends are mostly laymen, but there are one or two clericB mnong the number. A Roman Catholic priest is not necessarily, and by virtue of his office, a worse man than a Protestant layman. As a simple matter of fact, there is a good deal of human nature about a Boman Catholic priest of the average typo when you come to know hiui intimitely, and I have in my mind's eye, at thU moment, a number of them whom I have known and respected, and do so still, qnite as much as if they had been Protestant parsons So long as a man is honest, upright, and down straight, sincere, and consistent, his religious belief is no affair of mine, so far as I could ever discover. It is a mutter for which he alonq is responsible, according to my reading of the 2f ew Testament, and if he satisfies his own conscience, and acts up to his profession, I. don't think/he can be very far wrong. But the manner in which tho ecclesiastical authorities of tho Boman Catholic church in this part of the world attempt at times to!enforaeTthetr-. sacerdotal authority, and secure abject obedience to their behests' by laymen, is to me a matter of pro. ifound astonishment. Tho calm, : placid, self complacent manner in which' these church' dig Siitaries pit themselves, and the spiritual powers they wield against the reason,' common- sense' and worldly wisdom of lay members of their iflock, who have to mix with people outside tho 'church and deal vyitn matters, ot , great public ?inteiest apart from theological questions altogether — is, when duly considered, a thing, to wonder at under such circumstances as exist here in these colonies. It; is, perhaps, a wise dispensation of Providence that Boman Cathilic ?bishops in Australia should lose their heads at times, and display, in a conspicuous manner, their intolerance of all opposition and earnest desire to persecute, with the utmost rigour they are capable of exercising, all members 'of their church who do not implicitly obey their behests in matters purely secular as well as sacred. Such manifestations are simply invaluable to laymen, Protestant as well as Catholic, by afford ing them opportunities of, judging of- the intolerable tyranny they would be subject, to, if sacerdotalism could only establish its claims and wield the temporal power again, as it did in times past, in the punishment of disobedience -to its mandates. Looked atin this light, the re fusal of the last rites of .the- church to the remains of the late Michael Fitzpatrick at: Sydney the other day, was a thing to rejoice over. It will open men's eyes to the real aims and objects of the ecclesiastical authorities of the Boman Catholic church in these colonies, more than a thousand spoken or written woi-Js on the subject. Fitzpatrick's sole offence was that, as a member of Parliament and Minister of the Crown, he did not vote as his bishop desired him to do. The only punishment the prelate could inilict, was inflicted, and, fortu nately, it did the poor lifeless clay no harm whatever. One is reminded of the man men tioned in ' Fuller's Worthies,' who was told by his ecclesiastical superior, that if he did not recant his heresies, he should not be buried when he died, but that hi3 carcass should lie and rot in a ditch. The sturdy heretic had him there — ' Jf ot bury me ?' said he, ' then I will stink.' They had to bury him for their own health's sake. 