To the Editor. * ' Sib, — In olden time no knight oared to enter the list against a lady. The tournament was for their iionoar, pleasure, and defence, and the ' faireladye' sometimefe smiled on her lord's antagonist even when hia well-directed lance shivered against' the glittering armour. {So notice would have been taken of my lair critic if she &ad; contented herself with strictly adhering to faotB, but when I am charged with two of the most heinous eine — untmthf illness and«nvy — 1 -.fn p.nmriflilfid tn r«nlw. Th6 writer states I insinuated the fruitsellere and salesmen were dissatisfied with the paragra-ph alluded to. I did nothing of the kind. I said if you or any other tradar had been in the markets on the morning of its appearance you would have been amused to hear the remark? of the fruitgrowers a&d; salesmen. ' Now, where is there a single insinuation of diesatiafaation P I repeat, they were amused, and their' comments if printed would amuse your readers also. The conclusion I came to was that honour should have been paid to whom it was due. The lady complains of her name being unjustifi ably paradedbefore the public eye, for tke purpose, as it seems to her, of wantonly Annoying Mr. John Davias, Ttsie I molt emphiticallj- ceny, and the lady's best -friends m*W sd⁢ she is more guilty of parading her name than I am. Nothing about 'those oranges' would have been written if the correction had been made at once in the Press, but it went abroad without denial by Mr. John Daviea, that ' at noon Mr. John Davies, C.M.G., M.L.A., presented 300 cases of oranges, and that during the afternoon Mr. Da» ies had received letters of thanks from the captains, &o.;' ' (In one of the papers the 300 had increased to 700.) As there was no correction I felt perfectly justified in. writing about . 'tko'ae oranges,' especi ally, aB the lady admits, ' I knew all about those oranges, even to the fractional proportion contri buted.' jNTot content with condemning me for stating what I did, tendering honour to whom honour is due, I am accused of not stating the truth. I fail to see wherein I lie. I defy any one to prove I have misrepresented. Surely I can believe my own eyes and my own ears. If further particulars are required, 1 am ia » position to give tjiem, and perhaps they would be leas palatable tfcf.11 'ftycl haB been already stated. The lady states, if ' Bight '* is not acquainted with the facto he onght to become so before writing to the Press, evidently with the intention to injure Mr. John Davies.in the minds of the donors of ' those oranges.' I am acquainted with the f aots, wrote facts. Again, the lady cannot prove I have distorted them, and surely there is nothiug in my letter that would injure Mr. John Daviea in the minds of the donors. Ioniv say. they were amused, and they cannot deny the fact. Nothing would have been more easy and more honour able thin at once writing to the Preas, and stating the truth, respecting 'those famous oranges.' The lady states it was at her request that Mr. John Davies presented 'those oranges.' So one denied it, The officers now know who were the donors of ' those oranges,' and so do their uncles, their oonsins£ and their aunts, not forgetting the boatman, the tars, the middies, and D&adeye; too. ' Oh wad eome power tho gif tie gie us To see oursels as others see us ! It wad fra«m«ny a blunder free tic.. And foolish notion,' One word in conclusion. I am told czy concluding remarksjare evidently .the outcome of an envious mas. Is the writer wbo condemns me sue of my sex. Surely there are other ladies who' write to the Press. I am not envious, I have the same feelings as the miller of the Dae, the bmrden of whose song was, ' I envy nobodV, no, not I.' I use the same language as the writer, *' I regret to have to write as I have, but am compelled' ; notwithstanding the chance of having the contempt of the ?' fruitgrowers, I do believe there will not be the ghost of a chance of receiving it, as they, I am enre, feel that I am writing what ia true and BIGHr. 