ITEMS OF NEWS. After, the very heavy frosts ve have had of; late; a welcome change took place in the weather on Tuesday. Towards midday, the ' sky became overcast, and it was apparent that a storm was brewing in the west. At 6\. o'clock heavy gnsta of wind swept by, raising the dust in dense clouds, and making things very unpleasant. However, at dusk a'lignt rain commenced to fall, which cooled the atmosphere and continued off and on till . midnight. Altogether about twelve points of rain Were registered by the gauge, and this email amount oven has done much to resuscitate the ^rass. The weather is agaiu fine, with a falling barometer, however. : . It was stated iu town yesterday that the Wagga Wagga Cricket Club liad received an .offer from (thc agent .of the. All-England eleven to play a two day s match here on the 23rd and 21th November next-the days on which the races are to beheld-for £100 and all expenses paid. We were unable to see':the': secrctaiyi s0 give the rumour for wliat is- worth; but don't we "wish the Englisli'elevcn.niay^etit.;;. r. ^ ; v -..Wi: learn that: Mr; Macleay;has; disposed of his-Wollonjene 'vineyard, -with all machi nery, &c.;,at a - satisfactory price to Mr. Ghas. Roberts, the .well-known hotelkeeper, and. ex-Mayor, of Sydney. . "We wish the purchaser every success in his speculation. The; property/is a most valuable one, and should prove a good investment. . : AT tlic meeting of the Progress Committee it was intimated by the chairman, inter cilia, that the Hon/ Win. Macleay would further the interests of the deputation'about to 'visit Sydney, ; and go with it to the: Minister/if' necessary. - ' Mr.. Macleay said' thiit "he had not spoken to Sir Jolm Hay on the subject, but-lmowingvthe interest he vtpok- in all tilings per taming' to the welfare of this arid the Tumbaruinbfi "distnet, :-no doubt ho would do all-.hc could; to aid the, deputa noil. .. A siiout.tunc siiicc.an. effort Avas_inadcby: a local'resident'tocapture some pigeons, pre* sumably with the object .of indidging in tne luxury of pigeon pie. Some , brandy was mixed with bread- crumbs and the, trap laid;' The pigeons fed sumptuously from the bill of-fare provided, and then flew away to the gable : of a neighbouring roof in a state of intoxication. Xhe trapper now thought the birds would become an easy prey, and ex-. pected to see them rolling, down tho ;roof.: Not so: the pigeons: remained on their perch till they-got over the influence, and then flew away home,. to the utter disap pointment and, chagrin ; of the would-be birdcatchcr: i.ON Tuesday last a very successful tea meeting was . held at . Yarragunderie, to cclebrate the opening of St. Paul's Church, at (hut. place.' .1 The- tables, were sumptuously supplied by the lady members of the congre gation, and upwards of f two hundred persons wcro preseut; :; After full justice had been done'to the good things provided, a public .meeting was--held,''. ovcr'-which Archdeacon Pownull presided. The \Rev.; T. Watson reviewed his labours in that^portion of his district, and spoke in tones of thankfulness for the good that had, been effected, and their ability to meet that da}' in a church of their, own;,; whiclr /was . frco' from< debt. Archdeacon Powiiall urged thorn to regard the building as a house of prayer, and notes a more preaching place, for prayer was better than preaching, no matter how good . Hie latter might be. He commended the laudable efforts they;had made toother portions of the district, and particularly specified Albury Jtoad and ICyambo Creole as places greatly in need.of suitublo buildings for Divine worship. After the meeting, the remainder of the day was spent in various sports, everyone ap parently enjoying himself to the utmost. The church is elosoto the Tublio school, and whilst the one is a credit to the district, the other ia. a. discredit to' the Department of Education. ^.Under great difficulties ati able and energetic teacher, Mies Smith; is labour ing inost BUceessfuIly. When will tho Govern ment wake up-;and giro to this "district''the educational advantages it is- fairly entitled to?: . Numuers I'Of tho townspeople ? will/"-no doubt;'be'glad to learn that Mr: D. S.'MoranJ -who bus been a probationer in > tho 'local tclegruph ofllce, has. becn promoted to the position of junior operator, and will not, for ihe present, bo removed. " Mr. Moran is tho brother of Mr. M. J. Morun, the well known and popular head teacher of the Koman Catholic school, and is to be congratulated upon his promotion.. THE weekly meeting of tho Church of England Temperance Socioty was held in the Mechanics' lnstituto on Tuesday opening. Tho hall was completely filled,-and great in terest was manifested in the proceeding*. Tho gcogrupliical bee on Asia brought a number of competitors to tho front, and the contest was a sharp one, tho winners of the prize given by Mr3. Eaton being Miss May Poivnall, and bv Mrs. Lincoln Master Hedditch. The recita tion prize (a writing desk), given by .Mr. Leyshon, was awarded to Miss Kinma Joliffe; and the prize for the best ?oni»» given by Miss Kuton, was won by Miss Sissy Bailey. On Monday next a number of special and very valuable prize3 will be given, hut all competi tors must not bo above twelve years of age. WE learn from a correspondent that the meeting at Tumberumba on Saturday was a great success in every respect, and from the way that the money was .gathered at the meeting to defray tho expenses of the deputa tion to be sent to Sydnoy, tho people 6eem inclined to leave 110 stono unturned to push this matter through. IT is notified, for general information, in tho Gazette, that lioborfc Hand, Uran geline, Murruinbidgeo district, has been authorised lo prefer informations under the 32nd section of the Crown Lands Occupation Act of 1801 and tho 44lh section of the Lands Acts Amendment Act of lS/o, against a trespasser on land under lease to him from tho Crown, or luwfully held by him. WE have been informed that after the application for prohibition re Alfred and Henry Jackson's case was refused, a relative of Mrs. Jackson's presented a petition to his Excellcncy the Governor and one also to the Minister for Justice, and on last Thursday, 22nd inst., an order was sent to the gaoler to release Alfred Jackson, Henry Jackson having put in his fourteen days. Proceedings against William Croft and Samuel Croft, senior and junior, will be taken immedialely by Mr. Jackson's sons and nephew, who are proceed ing to Sydney for that purpose. 'The planking 011 the ohl "Wollundry Lagoon ^ bridge is in such a bail state of repair as to be positively dangerous. This is known to a prominent member of the works committee, to whom it was shown yesterday morning. W'k desire to remind those who hold tickets in Bridges' Art Union that the draw ing for the prizes wilt take place at the " J-Iuydon" Gallery of Art, Melbourne, on Tuesday, the first of November next.' The drawing will be conducted by a committee of gentlemen to be chosen by tho hubseribeiv. themselves, and carried out on the principle of the London, Glasgow, and Dublin Acade mics. Tickets and prospectuses can be ob tained at Bridges' Haydon Gallery, Eastern Arcade, Melbourne ; and from the local agent, Mr. E. D. Leyshon, Advertiser branch oiiice, Gurwood-street. QUEKV ? In our local contemporary of Thursday last, tlio 22nd instant, wo saw a communication from Mr. l\ Kogers, which was introduced by tho following paragraph : \- " Tiunbartimba Railway.-Tins following letter has boon received by tho Secretary of the .Progress Committee. Wo have obtained a copy of it from that gentleman upon Mr. Rogers' personal assurance that it was in tended for publication." Xow, Mr. Rogers' communication contained iufonuntion of th»; most valuable description, and what wo want to know is, why was it not brought before the committee inciting of last Tuesday night? Surely when a gentleman of Mr. Holers' standing takes tho trouble to write such a communication to the IVogress Cunnnittee, of which he is a member, it is showing him but scant courtesy to ignore its receipt and relegate it to the liles of tho office without one word of comment or thanks. THE usual fortnightly meeting of the Municipal Council will be held this afternoon. Owing to there not being a quorum present at the last usual meeting, none has 1>een held for a month, and it is therefore highly desirable that there should be a full attend ance this afternoon. Tin: guttering of the verandah at the post and telegraph offices is choked up with rubbish, and the grass is now growing in it. The consequence is, that the water has no escape, and drips down just at the entrance gate, to the annoyance of people who have ! business at the post office. Yesterday morning this was particularly observable. The gutter should be cleaned out at once. A ui.VT to those concerned. The school at "Wantabadgery is finished, and the people arc asking, "when shall we have a teacher ? " We learn further that on Tuesday last the building for the Public school at Hillas Creek was dispatched from this town by Messrs. Wright, Hcaton, and Co., and that the tent and school furniture for the Oura school were received from Sydney on the same day, but that Mr. Bailie}', the agent for the above finn, could not get anyone to take delivery of them, Air. Al'Xiekle, to whom they were consigned, having refused to do so. Tiik inquest upon the remains of a man .whose skeleton, was found near Maugoplah by Mr. Jones, of Sandy Creek, last Saturday, was held at Air. M. LougliVm's Builders' Anns Hotel, yesterday morning. A full re port of the inquiry will be found in another column. The jury returned an open verdict. .as there was '110 evidence to eliow by what jneans deceased come bj- his death. The .name of: the deceased is at present unknown, J and the man was believed to lie a German. As will be seen by the report, Mr. F. A. jTompson has thrown some light on the sub ject, and it appears that deceased is likely |to be the man w.ho was seen in the bush in the locality some fifteen months ago, aud jwas then supposed to be insane. Two young men of the larrikin type, who gave their, names as Snow and O'Don, wero .charged at the police court yesterday with stealing a cheque from a wool-prcss^r named iConnon.. Both prisoners had been seen in the prosecutor's company in the Australian Hotel .oar-in fact they came from the same station .together. , The evidence appears to be eon [clusive'against O'Don, who took' tho cliecjue to .Mr.;Cprthoi*n, ,and after purchasing sone rarticle3' tendered it' iii.payment. As the [word bearerwas.scratched out,:Mr. Shalders, Mr. Cortlieni's bookkeeper, .asked O'Don if his name was Conhori; to whichO'Don replied (yes. .Mr. Shalders then requested O'Don to 1 endorse-the'ehequ'e; whicbhe did by writing Ion the back John ^Connon,: and Shalders i witnessed it; -IJoth the prisoners were fully 'committed.to take, th'cir'rtrial at tlie next jCircuit Court to be hoJden on the 3rd October [next-.. \ ; . i ; -.Tub. following gontlem~en,.havoV:b^ ap-J ^pointed 'to 'act^'as^Crowji' proseciitors at the ! 'ensuing October 'Circuit^ Courts j-Yass, 3rd [October, ;Mr. iEdward.'Lee ; Goulbtirn, 10th '.October, 'Llr. 'P.' J. Healy'; Wagga Wngpa, 3rd October, Mr. G.-B. ^Simpson Deniliquin, '25th October, Mh'T.'C.O'Mara. ' ? WiLLiiari Logan,' of ' Grenfell, contractor hos surrendered his estate./ Liabilities, £04 ;4s. Gd. j assets, £22. Mr. Lloyd, official assignee.- ., j. .. Tub Crookwell ploughing matchcs took place, on Saturday last in a paddock a mile from" the town. The weather was fine and tho attendance good, about 500 being present. First-class Match : Tidier, 1 j Spackman, 2. Sccond-elas3 Match : Howard, 1 ; Quigley, 2. Youths' Match : Croderick. Vidler won the special prize for the best work. Tho plough-, ing was belter than that at previous matches, tho ground being in good condition. At the horse parade of blood stallions M'Alistcr's . Paris took first prize, Ourragh Mohr sccond. .Dumng the recent voyage of tho immigrant ? 'ship Nineveh a practical joke was perepctrated .; which lias led since to unhappy consequences. One of the young lemale immigrants dressed herself in a sheet, pretending to boa ghost. \Ab doadof night she stalked through the sleeping' girls, whom 6be aroused. In one. instanco tho shock was so severe that a girl lost her reason and became hopelessly insane. . She was examined on the arriral of tho ship : by medical men, on whoso certificate she has' been sent to the asylum. Tho matter will be investigated by tho Immigration Board; A case.come before the bench of tho Cen tral Police Court, Sydney, on Monday after-' noon which,'whether regarded as an instance, of the laxity of regard entertained by somo people with respect to the matrimonial laws,, or as a proof of tho complicated troubles a man :may bring upon himself, presented feutures which.would form the grou.ndworkof a scnsulional novol. Somo timo ago a man. named George Simpson married a woman named Martha Garnhatn, and after living with her for somo time deserted her and mar ried Bridget O'Neule, und they went to reside at Surry Hills within two or three doors of the residence of his first wife, who soon made the discovery, and brought an action for bigamy oguinst Simpson und, and ho was convicted and sentenced to five years' im prisonment at Darlinghurst gaol. - While thore lie formed the acquuintunce of a man named Garnhatn, and whom he learned was tho hus band of his (Simpson's) first wife. Aftcrserv ing four months Simpson was roleused on tho petition of his second wife, and an action for biguiny was then brought agninsl Mrs. Guru ham, but failed, as she proved that sho hud not seen her first husband for over seven years and she had reason to believe that he was dead. When Garnhum was released lie refused to live with MB wife and wus ordered by the mugislrates to pay her 15s. per week for the maintenance of herself and her two children, arid when Simpson wus released he declined to live with cither of the two women. Bridget Simpson now 6ued him for main tenance as his wife, through Mr. Carroll, solicitor, Mr. Williamson appearing for the defendant. Somo technicol points were j raised by tho solicitors, and tho Bench ruled that they had no iurisdiclion, and eould not hear the case, and tho tangled knot will therefore have to bo untied by tho Judges of the .Supreme Court. *'Tuk impudence of tin-kettling can no further go," as we (Echo) learn from the Hourko paper that on tho 10th inst. Mr. Grant, police magistrate, was married, and in the evening a number of persons assembled close to his residence and treated his Worship to operatic selections on keroseuo tius, penny whistles, tea trays, 'trumpets, and other kindred instruments, and as each performer went on his own lino tho result, was not liar* monious. The police wero presont, but wero powerless to interfere under a' recent decision of Mr. Grant's, as tho performers confined their exertions to tho vacant allotment. The whole thing seemed over about half-past 9, and the polico,.performers, and public (who mustered pretty strongly) went away; but between 12 and 1 o'clock tho performers ro«' turned again, and gave a concert for about half an hour. The polico wero absent, and some people standing on tho street took this opportunity of throwing clods of earth and bits of brick at. Mr. Grunt's house. Event u ally a couplo of gentlemen who, it is said, wore present ns spectators, were intorviewod by Mr. Grant, unci llio result wag tlmt the scrennders departed for the Iloyal Hotel, where they regaled themselves at Mr. Grant's oxpcnsc. Tjie crowd of customers in Mr. CorthornV Drapery aud Boot Styro last Saturday night was really astonishing, aud to see his boot* room crowded hb it was made us uuderstand why the BUggeBtion was made that it should be called the* Busy Bee Boot Koom.'1 It is far aud away tho prettiest room of the hind we have seen, and is full of overy description of Euglish aud Colonial boots. How all the customers got served in tho Drapery Dcpartmuut is a wonder to us ; but as every one we spoke to seem cjuito satisfied to wait their turn, it is palpable that they get bcttur valuo here for their money than elsewhere, or they would not wait. Mr. Curtborn tells us it is because ho keeps no "shoddy drapery," and the people havo found it out. Thin wo quito beliove, [Auvr.] 