THE MISSION OF CAPTAIN BOB " THOMPSON'S GHOST, 9 A GJALLAtT RESCUE IN MIOD-00iAN. turn " of course, sir," said the old sailor the her other day as we sat together as usual, " "it ain't necessary for me to tell you, as " an has knew'd me these many years, that I sir ain't no believer in ghosts; still there's unst things as happens in the recollection of less most everybody as they can't explain ner nohow, and they jist has to let 'em go for what they're worth ; take 'em alongside, talk as one might say, and never make no as m attempts for to hist 'em in. I minds one of them things jist now, as I've made it a he rule never to tell 'cept to people as was l1o well acquainted with me, for fear they might think as I were a-yarnin'. fac " I suppose, sir, as there never weren't all two as was faster friends than Captain Bi Bill Jackson, of the ship Ariel, and Cap- ph tam Bob Thompson, of the ship Mysore. Goin' in the Liverpool trade reg'lar and sailin' always within a week of each or other, they was always together for a or fortnight or so in Liverpool and likewise Ie the same in New York. Captain Bill sa were married, which Captain Bob weren't, i( but that didn't make no difference, 'cause when in New York Captain Bob always t lived at Captain Bill's home and in o Liverpool they boarded together. g "I were into the Mysore afore the ui mast when Captain Bob had her leaving Liverpool in the month of December, w 1853, I think it were, but ain't sartin as 1 to the year; but I know that the Ariel b had gone out of dock about a week ahead I of us, Captain Bill havin' his wife and h two children aboard. Both ships had I passengers, though, as 1 recollect, neither 1 of 'em was full, it bein' the winter time, I when there weren't so many a-goin'. "We had a good time clearin' the r land, catchin' a sou'wester off the Skerries, s the old man stuck her out of the North s Channel, the wind holdin' till lie was well t] clear of the Irish coast, and in the nor'wester which followed we giv it to o her big, and went to the suth'ard kitin'. s Arter that we had the usual luck of a 1 winter passage and hammered away to the west'ard till pretty nigh up with the n Banks in the latitude of 40, or there abouts, when we got a most tremendous n gale of wind from sou'wust, which brung us down to a close- reefed maintopsail and a foretopmast staysail, and fearin' the shift f the old man weaved her round, puttin' I her head to the suth'ard and east'ard, v which are the right thing for to do, sir, c and many a ship has been lost for not 1 doin' of it, gittin' ketched aback in the s terrible flurry from the nor'west as t always fellers these sou'westerly gales. If your head are to be suth'ard of course it hits you aft, and there ain't no harm done, but of course, all the while you're a headin' to the southeast the variation and leeway are both agin you, and you make eastin' fast, which sint consolin' when you're bound to the west'ard. " It were four bells in the middle watch when the old man come to the con clusion as he daredn't let her be on to the port tack no longer. She had then the reefed foresail and close-reefed foretopsail onto her, and it were a blowin' a awful hard gale, with rain and tremendous high sea. C Call all hands,' says the old man to the mate, ' and we'll git her head to the suth'ard, and heave her too. Keep a few hands for'ard, and as soon as she's off afore it git that port foretack and sheet unhooked from the clew if you kin, and run the foresail up snug while she's a goin' round. Let the rest on 'em come aft to the weather main braces.' "It weren't no fool of a job to wear ship in that sea, but the old man knowed how to do it, bein' a good sailor man, if ever there was one. The second mate stood by the lee main brace and one of the hands at the lee topsail brace. Acoupleof usawasat the weather main brace. When we was all ready the old man says : 'Let her luff now all she will,' and as the weather leech of the topsail lifted he sings out, ' Slack away the lee braces, handsomely haul in to wind'ard; hard up the helm; keep your eye on the top sail (to the second) and don't let it git aback ; just keep it shiverin' nicely as she goes off.' " Off she went like a daisy, keepin' good headway on, as she drew abaft the beam the lee braces was let go altogether and we rounded in on the port ones all we could without backin' the sail. When the wind were only a pint on the port quarter the old man sings out again: ' Jump for'ard to the head braces, now, all but two or three hands, as will stay here to take in the slack of the port braces as she comes to the slack away the fore-sheet and starboard fore braces; haul up the port clewof the foresail there, for'ard; lively, 'here, now ; don't let them head sails git aback for your lives.' * Away woent trhe head yards flyin' as t+re. wind came in on tire starboard quarter and afore she could corns to tire mate had the foresail up snug. We didn't let the head yards go chock for'ard, but for'srd, arid whole of usr, and dlewed the fore-topsail right rip. Then we mustered aft and braced the usainsyard up sharp and bowiod tire starboard brace sell taut and after bracin' about tire crochsick and mizzentopsail yards, we hassled tire fore-braces and lifts well taut and laid riloft and stowed tire foretopessil, ruittersins' tire foresail as we laid dowyn, arid there shre wvere, just as snug as a bug, without ever carryin' away a rope- yarn. I know when our side worst below at eight bills and lit our pipes we said, 'YNow let it blow and be-; we're all right,' cause we lcnow'd when it eshif ted it would Icetch her aft, arid eshe just come rup to west, son west, or thereabouts, and we hadn't got to ionik out for nothrin'. The shift come about eight o'clock in the usornirs', and it were a awful erie as ever I seen. Hittin' us aft as it did, we thought for a while as everythirs' would go out of lier, sad so very violent were it that the old man daren't bring lier to, but jist let her -run afore it. Arter a hour, houwvever,thie fust flurry was over, tire big-drop rain stopped,and tire clear blue sky hogan for to show to thenorth'ard,aridby degrees we let her come up to it,havin'fuet puts jumsper on to tihe mairsyardarrm, arid settled tire topsail yard on to the lifts. Sire come to lovely, and everythrins' stood like a charm, and tire old man says to tire mate, cheerily, ' Thank God for tire next breeze; we re sure of this one. I'm goirs' below for to take a nap; give iri a rouse at seven hells ef I don't turn out.' " Aye, aye, sir," says tire mate, and tire old man waist downr, but irs loss than a half hour Ire come up again, arid says ire " Mr Morton (that wore the suste), I've had the gingierest tiring hrappeir as 1 ever knowed." " What were that, sir I" says tire mate. "Well," says tire old mran, " I'd just -throwd off my dunnage and was goin' for to roll in to my bunk, when who should I see a sittin' bolt upright ins the bunk but my old friend Bill Jackson." " Yost mean, sir," says tire riate, laughing, " that you think you seen him; cause of course, you didn't see sno sichs a thing. If I was you i'd take a good still horn of grog ; thIse temperance lay of yourn (Captain Bob were a teetotaller') are all very well ashore, but it don't do at sea nolsow. If you aliot got none of your own, sir, I've got some rare old stuff, as would Iry all tire ghosts this side of Jordan." ''I not eoily seers hirm," says tire old man, 'hbut I heard him speak as plain ast I hears you."t " What did he say?" says the mate. next " He said," says the old man, " don't dani turn in, Captain Bob ; go out and wear pull her round to the uorth'ard." Edv I'll go right down," says the mate, pass "and fetch you a caulker ; you needs it, son air ; bein' on deck all night has kind of full nunstrunged you, and you won't sleep un less you take somethin' for to steady your vin nerves." lout " All right," ssys the old man, " I'll shi take it as a medicine, but I'm dead agin it wh as a beverage." fin W" ell, sir, the mate went down, but the he were up agin afore you could say Jack the s Robinson. we " Cap'n Thompson," he says, and his wi face were as white as a sheet, " let's call ha t all hands and wear her round; Cap'n an a Bill's in my room now; I seen him as las n plain as I see you, sir." th . " Is that so 1" says the old man, at d " Jist as sure as you're born, sir. I at h opened the room door, and there he sat a on my chist with the bottle of grog in his w se hand. " You can't have none of this," to ill says he, " till you git her head to the c< t, ssorth'ard." Is se "Callallhandstowearsship,"saysthoold a' ys man, "aand let 'em put the reefed foresail si in osuto her fust, or I'm afoard she won't is go off, the old sou'west sea is so heavy n lie under her bow." a v eg " Well, sir, arter we got her round it e sr, vere nigh hand onto four bells, but afore v as 1 were relieved from the wheel, where I'd iel been since our side come to deck, I heard a ad the old man say, 'I don't portend to I nd know what this means, Mr Morton, but c ad I'm so sure it means somethin', that I I ter sIall keep her on this tack till dark. I t ce, think, too, we'll hurry her a bit; afore t the men go below let them give her the t he reefed mainsail and fore and mizzen top- 5 as, sail; I guess she'll carry 'em, and it's t -th sure to moderate now the wind has got to I eli the north'ard.' " les "'Well, sir, the man had no sooner got 1 to onto the forotopsail yard for to loose the n'. sail than lee sings out 'Sail on the fa lee bow.' " to " What do you make of her 1" says the he mate. re- " Can't make her out at all," says the sss man, " she's too far off." ng " Well, sir, under the increased canvas nd we began to forge ahead probably three or sift four knots an hour. The weather was in' beautifully fine. Aclear blue sky overhead rd, and bright sunshine ; the sun glare bein' sr, directly in our wake, makin' our track as not bright as silver. The wind, howsever, the still blew a gale from the nor'west, and as the sea beginnin' to get up from that les. direction, mneetin' the swell made by the rse sou'west gale, made a ugly cross bubble, erm from the tops of which blindin' clouds e're of spray was blowed aboard of us, ion drenchin' the ship fore and aft. The you sun astern of us shinin' through this lin' spray formed a perpetual rainbow ahead of us, which we seemed over approachin' dle and never quite reachin'." on- " In about a half hour the mate took a the gless and went aloft onto the foretopsail the yard. He soon come down agin', his sail face wearin' a very grave expression. vful 'It's a wrack,' said he to the old man, ligh ' and arter what me and you has seen, of nan course, we know what ship it are.'" to "'Poor Bill,' says the old man, 'lhe :eep were the best sastch at backgamnmon I he's ever fell in with. He's gone, I doubts and not, but there's others there that he you wants us to save, and we'll do it, Mr hile Morton, if it's in the power of the pins. 'eso Let 'esn haul taut the topsail riggin' and turn a reef out to each topsail and giv year her the jib and spanker. We must hurry nan her sep, for 'tis to save life.' " lor- " Tsen we turned to a gettin' a boat ond ready for to put overboard-no fool of u one job 1 can tell you, in that nasty bubble ace. of a sea. We didn't have no davits, our ace. boats bein' stored inboard, bottom up, man one end resting on a gallows frame and and the after ends on the forard part of the fted poop. We turned the starboard boat ces, over onto her keel, and secured her so Lard temporarily. Then we passed a strong top- sling right round her with backin' to the git ricgbolts for'ard and aft, and the car as penter fitted some stout spreaders from gunnel to gunnel so as to take the strain pin' of the sling when her weight come on it, the and into the bight of the sling we passed ther a selvage strap. Then we got a preventer all tackle on the chrochick yard, and a 'hen heavy up and down tackle for to lower port the boat into the water. We fitted the ain : oars with trail lines and rigged a becket low, aft for a steerin' oar, that bein' much stay better than a rudder to steer with in a port sea. Then we put into her life lines and the a couple of life buoys, and then all cps ; were complete. On a call for volunteers sere, all hands come for'ard and I were one of let the fust choosed. ,es.' " By this time the wrack were plain in tle. sight from the deck, and eve seen she e'ere crter a disnsasted vessel, noteice' standin' above lead the deck except a part of tlce forenmast, let which lead gorse above tlhe foreyard, tihe but yard heim' in its place. She were headed eyed to thse soueth'ard aced erest'ard, and lay ice we the trough of the sea, a rollin' fearfully, I up acid nearly every sea comiecc aboard of leer, sell asad as sise rolled towards us eve could see hick that hcer decks svere full of people. We blhe stoed across leer bow, and these hesutin' up lsaid the courses snug and takeseg' leer jib wve cnss' laid the hseadyards square and hove well here to evind'ard of leer, thsis here belie' ties isout proper ticing for to do, cause then our nosy ship would make a lee fssr the boat goics' betls and comics' acid as she'd drift faster et it tthan the wrack shced keep gettics' ause nearer to leer instead of furder off, as etch would be thse case if we'd hove to leeward rest, of her. Then come ties gittina' out of thes dn't boat. The crochsick-yard was braced shift about, the tackle hooked ems; tihe neate cii', and the nmen lee lead chsoosed got iceto leer, sen. tiho man asnidshsips witth a sharp knife to sra cut ties strap as soon as she floated ; a leer, couple of hsands at thse temporary lasheic's old and thes rest at the fore and ties crochickt leer bruces. ,thse " 'Nocy, then,' says ties old man, 'there rain mustna't be ceo nonsesesse abouct thsis ; wvhen ir to I give the eword youe issst watch leer aced e let at thes sasee time ruse the crochick-yard in seper squsare, acid as she swivige out youc neust tlse let leer doevn by the run afore ties weather e to roll conees.' T[len lie watched a chance, ersn, aced as ties slhip rolled to wiind'ard Ice giv~ sate, the weord. Ice ace instanet the lashein's ewas cue; let go, thec fall set taut, theo yard run in loev square, aced as thse ship rolled to lseevard so at aevay she sevuccg fusll fifty feet cleats ouet to leeward, aced autoe the weather-roll come thse shsoevere in tshevwater aced thse strap eves an a cut, and afore the ship lead time for to lee drift down on top of us our oars evere ouet I've and eve wvere uneder way. ever " Shee was built at Sag Harboser, hsalf whsale aced half life boat,of seasoned cedar, ate. and as light as a cork, and even ice thsat juist ugly sea was dryer thsan tlse ship. Occa for slonsally a little spray frocn the curl of a ld I wave wvould blow aboard, hut othser than but that we never shipped a spoocfucl of wrater all thes way to ties wrack. The nmate give ate, use ousr orders as alt except the hoer was to im; remain at our oars, so as eve coeuld keep leer Ii a hoer on to the ewrack and cell clear of leer, stiff so as we woulnut be serseseped by the aseas of as eras a-evashisi' over ser-, acnd so as we ler-) sieould take 'ccc aboard uses at a tisse, see >at as not to git overloaded. We pulled our rouend to thce lecerard of leer acsd foeccd sas Sas tlscy was ready for ucs, hsavise' rigged a of whip onto thee forearcsn yard. We psclled up to leer acid therowed a line aboard of old leer, aced ties bighet of thsis tisey beset onto as the whelp, keepicn' enough stack absoard for to ease 'em down into the boat, and the next minnit little Willie Jackson was a danglin' at the ond of the whip, and was pulled into the how of the boat by Billy Edwards, as ha'l the bow oar, and were passed aft to the mate. Little Sissy Jack- T son camne next, and then their mother last fullered, for " So we went on takin' nothin' but Ler vimen and children, till we had a boat- ava load with which we pulled back to our dire l ship, findin' there a whip all ready for to pri whip 'em up. Arter the second load sini findin' that the boat was behavin' well, 7 t the old man got out the second boat, and bee C then the transfer went on quicker. It Lo were about two hells in the afternoon Ne s when we got to the wrack, and by dark we ye, 11 had the whole lot-175 in all-safe aboard, n and got our boats histed in again. The Lc ýs last man to leave was the mate, gittin' in are the bowline and lowerir' hisself down, to and arter securin' our boats we filled away M I and purceeded. ci1 it "The mate said as the way it happened ac is were that they was katched on the port ac ," tack, when the shift come, with reefed w re courses, and close reefed topsails onto ft her, and she was took flat aback, and Id afore they could brace about, she got n ril starn way, and a tremendous sea rollin' F ,'t in at the port waist took the main and r, vy mizzen masts out of her, carrying away a with 'em the head of the foremast and o it washin' the old man and the man at the a Pre wheel overboard at the same time. d L'd Afore they could git clear of the wrack Ord she drifted on top of it, and it started c to her a leakin', so as when we got the last l rut of 'ens off she had four feet of water into 1 tI her, though they had been a-pumpin' all r I the while, and there aint no doubts but r ire that she went down that night. However 1 dre their old man got aboard of us that was jp. miles away are somethin' I doesn't pur it's tend for to explain. I'm list a-givin' it to to you straight exactly as it happened. flow it were 'doth not yet appear,' as I got heerd a Holy Joe say, but ' by and by' the Ire said, 'we'll know all about it.' There the ai' much more to tell, sir, 'cept that we got in all right, and after a while our old the man were spliced to the Widder Jackson, and, sartin, nobody had a better right." the OUcdiforoia Alta. 