A Ghost Story from tho Ssa. A correspondent writes as follows to the Birmingham Daily Post:—A year or two ago j'ou published a icmarkab'e account of R!i aiipriaticn wh'Vh was neen by the Rev. Dr. Jessop. of Sheffi ild, na ler circumeUuu e • which compelled at'enli -n even fiom t'logj vifin usunlly laugh at such tilings as visions of disvat-xd braius. As trmw of yoor readers may take an interest in the subject of ehost y v5«it itioin, yon nviv, perhaps think it worth ivhile to publish the following account <if a singu'ar y ->trilti>i!» -ind w il'- authr-nticated nisi .ni-n <>i ihn kind whicii has been narrate') by a brot l i<M- of mine who was on board th<i ship on lyhich it occurred a< the time, and in wlio«e veracitv I have implicit confidence. The fillip, Duke of Aiho!«', 'eft Bvdney Harbour for San Franei--C", la'li'n with coal, on tbe 1st. of August, 1876\. On board of herfwas an American sennmn named Tom Manninr, formerly in the IJoitei Statns army during the War. This man had a brother named J..hn Manninr who kept a sailoin' boardiug-house near Jackson Street Wharf, at San Franci-c •, and whom Tom had not seen or heard of for ffiur or five years. Ou the 17th of October, wl.cn the ship was nearing Nan Franci-co, it happened that Tom Manning, who was quite sober and in good health, bad the post of ' look-out forward,' from 8 to 10 p.m., the remainder of the watch with the exception of the man at the wheel being on tho main d'CK. About 20 minutes pa«.t nine they heard a sudden shout and a loud thump on the deck in the direction of the forecastle, Immediately aft -rwards Manning came rushing aft, shotting incoherently and tearing hi* hair. Thinking he was ill the boatswain and two of the sailors took hold of him and led him into the forecastle, and^for som<J twenty niinut«-a Le did l othint; but shout and ecieam Johnny 1* an i other words, tbs meaning of ivhicb'bis heartrs cquld not make out. Same grog was given*:gto" him and eventually he became calmer, and then gave the following account of the cause of his extraordinary behaviour : —A few minutes before he first calL-d out he saw a man getting over the bow from the martingale, and hailed him, but he received no answer. The map walked slowiy towards the forecastle, and c;ime close to where Manning was' standing, looked into his face and said, " Goodbye, Tom, I shan't see you again," and Manning, to his honor, saw that the face and figure were those of his brother John. While he was standing stupefied with fright, the figuie again said, " Good.bye for ever," turned round, ind went back over the side of the ship the fame way that he came. '1'om watched it apparently drop off the martingale (under'the bowsprit), intp t'e water, bat he heard no pplash, and nothing mor»*. Immediately after Tom began to call out with fl ight, and jumped off the forecastle on to the deck, which was the n< i^e or thump heard by. the crew ntfii ht and rushed aft as already des cribed. Two days afterwards tlie Duke of Athole arrived at .dan Francisco and dropped anchor in the fcarbii- at half-past nine on the m lining of tbe 19th. Manning was so alarmed at the occurrence that he asked perfpission «f the captain to go ashore at once. The captain laughed at him, but gave his. consent, and Manning immediately went to. hU bit'lhoi's houcc. Oil knocking at'the dopr ii wa8.o|iened by the wife, whose first words were " Ah i i Torn, you've come loo late; John -di«d the night before last." I SiRipiy narrate the facts; leaping i. your readeis to draw what conclusion* - they p'ea^fe ; and enclosing my catd aa a guarantee of g< 0*1 faith. | 