Original Tale. (Written expressly for the Southern Argus.) THE HOUSE WITH THE CROOKED CHIMNEYS. By H. A. ST. BOXTON. [Author's rights reserved.]. (Continued from our last.) Chapter II. THE UNBIDDEN GUEST. For nearly five years these three peo- ple lived on without change or interrup- tion in their mode of life. A visitor was never known during that time to have passed through that high, inhospi- table, ever-shut gate. Nor did they visit anyone. As a natural consequence the gloom and mystery which hung over the home increased with time. Wilson still dug the garden, and attended to the captain's personal wants. He pottered about within the enclosed grounds from morning to night ; his solitary rambles over the hill were his only relaxation from his duties. And as time crept on, these were fewer in number, and the distance he travelled was perceptibly shorter each time. No alteration for the better had taken place in his wife. Not the slightest intimacy, or feeling of good-will had yet sprung up between her and the store keepers. With undeviating regularity, every quarter, Mrs. Wilson paid a visit to town ; and invariably returned home burdened with two or three brown paper parcels. The day after these expedi- tions a horse and dray without fail, always came to the gate, and Wilson and the dray-man would with great care carry into the verandah, the three or four rough deal cases with which it was laden. These cases contained bottles of brandy, a fluid in which the old captain delighted. Though constantly tippling, he was seldom if ever in a state of absolute intoxication. It was a sore sign that he had imbibed a little more than usual when he ventured to treat Mrs. Wilson to a little of the profane language he so constantly poured on her husband's devoted head ; these volleys of profanity that Captain Lee fired off in his garden were almost the only sounds which indicated that the place was inhabited ; no voice of mirth or song was known during those five years to proceed from that dull, joyless home. The house got a bad name. It was avoided by the grown up folk who knew the character of its occupants. As a matter of choice their feet never wan- dered near its precincts ; and if, by acci- dent or necessity, they found themselves near it, they hurried away as if they feared a plague ; and the boys and girls when they had rambled further than was their wont would feel glad that the house stood there, for it was a sort of landmark, a sure sign to them of their whereabouts, and by the help it gave them they easily found their lost road, being careful at the same time to give the 'house with the crooked chimneys' a wide berth ; they shunned it for no other reason than because it was the home of the woman with the unkind glittering eyes. The end came at last ; at least for one of the three. It was in the depth of winter, on a wild, stormy night, while the wind blew a terrific gale ; and the rain poured down in torrents, that an uninvited visitor stalked into the 'house with the crooked chimneys.' He did not knock for ad- mittance, bolts and bars were not drawn, yet they were no safeguard against his intrusion. The old Captain was cursing the storm for keeping him awake, when his unseen guest laid his icy hand on the hoary headed sinner, and bade him come away. Consciousness remained for a short time after the fit seized him ; he tried to make his voice heard to call someone to his assistance, but all his efforts were futile ; the gruff tones were never heard again on earth. Alone, on that wild night with none to help— none to comfort him, he died. 'Mid the war of the elements the unrepentent soul went out to meet its maker, whose very existence he had denied. At the usual time, next morning, Wilson entered the room, to help him dress, and found his roaster stark and stiff. Medical aid was called in, to no purpose ; for the vital spark had fled. Two days after the funeral took place. But four people followed the remains of Captain Lee to his grave. Mourners one could not call them ; for no tear dimmed the sharp, quick eyes of the lawyer and merchant, who were only present at his burial because they were the executors of the late Captain's will, and not from respect to the dead man. And Mrs. Wilson looked on unmoved when the ponderous coffin was lowered into its narrow home. Only her hus- band dropped a tear for the man he had played with when they were happy, innocent boys. In his heart he treasured up the memory of that one kind deed the dead man had done him in the time long past. He knew not, cared not, that it was almost the only generous action his dead master had performed in the course of his selfish life. The tear he shed on that grave was no feigned grief, it was but the outward sign of the dog-like love and fidelity he entertained for the man of whose life and doings he knew scarcely anything of ; for they had never met since their early manhood until they were old and grey-headed men. Through that winter till early the next year, Mr. and Mrs. Wilson lived on in that dreary house. Monotonous and uneventful were those months ; varied only now and then by a visit from the doctor. Gradually but surely the old man was fading away. His constitution, never very good, was breaking up. Hour after hour he sat in the captain's old easy chair, reading a little well-worn, black covered book. With this book in his hand, which he had learned to love in his old age, that same messenger who called his master, found him ; and it dropped from his loving but nervous grasp as he hasted to obey the voice of Him who now called the man. The sun had just sunk to rest, and the gentle old man was gazing out on its fading glories, when with a weary sigh, he leaned back in his chair. His wife came to his side with a scared look on her face. A bright joyful ex- pression for a moment lighted up his glazing eye— his pale lips murmured her name, and that of one far dearer to him, the sweet name of Him who was all in all to him in that solemn hour ; then a smile of ineffable peace came on his face, and all was over ! His sun had set with the dying splendours of that lovely summer's day. They buried him beside his master, and his widow returned to her desolate home. There she lived quite alone, much to the surprise of the North Adeladians ; who talked of ghosts and evil spirits haunting the 'house with the crooked chimneys.' \------------------------------- CHAPTER III. THAT FUNNY MAN. 'Ernum, ernum— good mornin', my dear— good mornin'— how are 'ee this fine day ?' With a perceptible start the quiet figure turned round on her seat, the stump of an old tree, she was resting on, and looked up with large, dark, surprised eyes straight into the face of the person who had interrupted her cogitations. The speaker was a man of about fifty- five, scarcely reaching the middle height, stout and stiff in build, with brown hair, beard and whiskers of the same colour, shaved rather far off the chin and cheek, framing in a round, healthy, contented, passibly good- looking face. Out of the same face gleamed a pair of small dark eyes, which were fixed with a somewhat inquisitive look on the person he ad- dressed. He was dressed in a neat suit of grey tweed, and his head was covered by a low soft-felt hat of the same shade. His feet were very small in proportion to his size, and were cased in Blucher boots, which shone brightly from a recent coat of 'Day and Martin.' He carried a strong heavy walking-stick, which as he spoke he planted in front of him, and leaned his two short fat hands upon it, smiling with a sort of assurance that seemed to say, 'It's all right, my dear ; I know I'm welcome.' 'Good morning, sir ; I am quite well I thank you,' and the dark eyes glanced somewhat haughtily at the unknown person who had spoken so familiarly. After returning his greeting she sat motionless on the old stump waiting for him to continue the conversation he had opened or otherwise. A pretty picture she made. At a glance the man took in its beauty. A tall, thin, straight figure, dressed in a dark-grey dress of a material which fell in soft heavy folds about her person ; a little shining linen collar, and a bow of rose-coloured ribbon at the throat gave a touch of warmth and brightness to her sombre-hued but withall very becoming dress. In her lap lay a pretty coquetish gipsy hat. Her glossy, abun- dant, dark-brown hair was bound round her small, finely-shaped head in a peculiar manner, which suited her re- markably well. Gleaming white teeth, red lips, and pure white skin, with rich roses in her cheeks, were some of the items which helped to make up the charming whole. The pretty blending of red and white in her face said plainly that but few, if any, of her twenty-four years of life had been passed in this sunny southern hemisphere. With another preparatory clearing of his throat her companion broke an awkward pause by remarking, 'We be having a rather long winter ; but I reckon it will soon be over, dooan't 'ee think so ?' 'Well, really, sir ; I'm not in a posi- tion to give an opinion. I know so little of the climate. I have only been in the colony about a month." 'Aw, I see, about a month ; thee's a new chum, then.' 'Yes, I suppose so,' she said with a slight laugh. 'Do ee, live fur from heere ?' was his next question. 'No, sir, not far ; that is my present home' she answered, glancing at a house two or three hundred yards distance off. 'Aw, I see ! aw, I see ! thee do live there, do'ee ? At the 'house with the crooked chimneys.' And do'ee like to live theere, my dear ?' 'Yes, I have no decided objection to the place ; I think I shall like it very much when the alterations are comple- ted.' 'Iss, to be sure, iss, 'tis looking very differen't, it is.' A rather longer pause, then, 'Ernum, Ernum !' sounded soft and clear, and with a smile which he tried to make very winning, he continued his cate- chism. 'Be you married, my dear, or be you single ? I hope ee'il not think me to bowld in axing, but I'd like to know.' With a slight blush and a merry look in her eyes, his fair pupil replied very demurely, 'Well, sir, I believe I'm married.' 'Ah ! I guess 'tis the tall man is your husband ; isn't it, eh ?' 'Yes, sir, you are quite right in your guess.' 'I thought so. He's a brave man, he is. Who's t'other, the slim wan ?' 'The other gentleman is my brother.' 'Ah ! What's his name ?' 'His name, sir, is Bernard Stockton. And my husband's,' she added, feeling certain that would be the next question, 'is Walter Lee.' 'Ah !' he exclaimed in apparent sur- prise, 'I reckon then the ould captain was his father ?' 'No, sir, not his father, his half uncle.' To be continued in our next. 