BORDER TOWN. (from our own correspondent.) i June 5. I We were thrown into a mud state of excitement here yesterday by a telegram that appeared in that morning's Mail to the effect that on Friday, the 3rd inat., the first day of the Parliamentary session, Mr. Hardy, onr mem bei, promptly redeemed the pledge he had given his constituents here at election time, by giving notice of motion for Wednesday next to the effect that the present contractors, Messrs. Millar Bros., be empowered to proceed with the extension of the Tatiara railway to Border Town without delay, at schedule wees. The question of route is still an open question, but in my opinion there is little doubt hut that the direct line will he eventually decided on. It was also asserted by a good many that the contractors had received private instructions from the Government not to remove their plant, as the motion of Mr. Hardy would not be opposed ; but I was unable to trace this rumor to any really reliable foundation. I hope it is true, and don't see any reason why it should not be. It is to be hoped that there will be no more dissensions as to route, for the district has been too much injured already by party squabbles, and the scheming dodges of the three-four-fivers, and all who have the interests of the town and surrounding country at heart should be rejoiced that there is now a fair prospect of having the railway here before next harvest; and I trust that in a very few weeks we shall see decided signs of recovery from that state of lassitude and uncertainty that has prevailed for a long while past. Yesterday our Institute received its consignment of new books that have been anxiously looked for by the subscribers for some time past. _ It consists of 120 volumes, comprising a judicious selection of the best standard authors, and also a good proportion of the newest publications of known writers of fiction. The Librarian and Secretary l<ist no time in setting to work stamping, numbering, classifying, and cataloguing the new books, and it is intended to have them ready to be pnt into circulation by Tuesday evening. A great many improvements have been effected in the management of the Institute during the present, year: and, with a view to raising funds to still farther extend the usefulness of the institution, it is intended to inaugurate a series of those popula entertainments known as " Penny Readings," to be faelii monthly. The first one comes off in four or five weeks from the present time. It is intended to wind up each evening's enjoyment with a dramatic piece, and I am glad of it, for Christy Minstrel fumiiments and "Big Bug" concerts have grown, somewhat stale heie. There is plenty of latent dramatic aptitude in ilie town, and I see no reason why an amateur dramatic club should not be formed here and carried out successfully. I know of at least two gentlemen who have formerly had considerable professional experience, and who would be glad to give the benefit of their knowledge of stage business in directing-rehearsals and supervising scenic arrangements. By commencing with modern dress plays, and choosing such as did not require too much scenery and stage effects, I feel sure that the thing would be a success, and a fund wouldsoon be raised for tbe supply of wardrobe, scenery, and mechanical requisites. I know of one club that commenced in this way that in two years were possessed of wardrobe and scenery considerably over the'value of £100, and in the same time had given more than doable that sum to the local institute and hospital. To be sure, they bad a populous town and large_ theatre that would hold over £50 at one shilling and two shillings admission. They were able to mount in a creditable manner such plays as "Green Bushes," "Flowers of the Forest." "Rob Roy," and " Not a Bad Judgeiu fact, on two occasions the late Walter Montgomery did not disdain to appear in his favorite role of Lavater, with the Club for his sole supporters in the lastnamed play. Of course we could not expect to accomplish anything like this, but there is no knowing what may lie hidden in the womb of time. Constable Hans Mack, of Mount Gambler, is under orders to piuceed to this station. Does thk mean that we are, at last, to have the much-needed increase of police protection ; or does it mean that one of our " Peelers" is to have his walking ticket 1 I have beard a, good many inquiries as to the connection between constable and cold mutton, the same being a fact in Natural as yet on r<*uititer to colonial tuiuiis. C<ook, cold-mutton, and constable are inseparably united, as all Britons born can testify; but why they are so seems to be one of those evidences of natural selection which are as inscrutible as they are indisputable. The great comet of 1881, that was to take the shine out of the sun and make this earth feel almighty mean, has been visible iu the south-western sky daring most evenings of the past week. The folks here seem to regard this comet as abit of a swindle, as it did not come it half as strong as was expected. He seemed to be the direct reverse of the ghost of Hamlet's father, for he could not a tail unfold—at all events, he didn't, for his caudal appendage was most meagre, so people looked on him with contempt *S only a one-horse comet, and a bob-tail at that. With regard to this tale of a tail, I am of opinion that the present reading of the " Divine Williams"— as our Gallic neighbours say—is incorrect, that as the shade of the gentleman above referred to came from below, the correct interpretation is fail, not tale. The erection of the telegraph poles to the Border is progressing rapidly: they are up as far as between the fourth and fifth mile-postB. The work is being carried on under the working-overaeerabip of Mr. Masters. Mr. Knuckey, the general superintendent, of telegraph construction for this colony, has been here on a visit of inspection, and expressed bis satisfaction with the work already performed. Mr. Peake held an auction sale of horses, &c.;, here on Tuesday last in front of the Woolshed Inn. Two horses of Mr. Golding's, a grey and a bay, realised respectively £32 and £23; they were good upstanding draught horses. After the horse sale Corporal Hunter's furniture, &c.;, was submitted. The prices at both sales were satisfactory. A man named Howton was brought before the Bench on the 28tli ult., charged with stealing a tent from J. B. Oliver. Howton admitted taking the tent, and said he thought the storeman gave it to him. Their Worships could not "see it," and gave him two months. 