THE LATE S.A.J.C. MEETING. TBt Teuhpatob.j So much bos been written concerning the S.A.J.O. Meeting, that there is little left to nay on tbe subject. Perhaps frcm a racing point of view tbe most remarkable feature in connection with tbe meeting was the sneoess of animals bred by Mr. Biobard Holland at Turretfield. Bluegowu's worth as a stud horse has unfortu nately for his owner been found out when it is too late to turn it to account. Were the son of, Lord-of-the-Hills and ^Crucifix alive now, he would be a small mine of wealth to Mr. Holland after the success of Pawnbroker, Totalizator, The Israelite, and Crystal. As a racehorse, Blue gown was a rank failure, despite his aristrocratic parentage and " pretty" looks. Those who re member him in training, can picture to tnem selves a symmetrically made brown horse that formed one of the Turretfield string at the same time that Australian Bnok, Ithaca, Oalaba, New bold, and Queen-of-the-South were carrying the blue and gold colours with fair success. Che noticeable point about Bluegown in those days was hi* grossness, long work in heavy olothing was administered every day, in the hope of re moving bis superfluous flesh, but to no pur pose, as whenever be contested araoe, Blue gown stripped mud fat, and I can well re member the trainer of Nimblefoot remarking one morning, that if " added to the list" he would make a nice carriage horse, but as a race horse he was useless. At the stud Bluegown's first batch of yearlings showed no great promise, and Mr. Holland had given np using him, when Pawnbroker's victories as a two-year-old first drew attention to his merits. A Derby and other races next fell to tbe Broker's lot, and then Totalizator, who is very much like what his aire was in training, kept np the reputation of the family by winning four races off the reel in the North. Since Blnegowu's death Countryman has been used for the Turretfield mares, though some of them, if I am not mistaken, have foals at their side by The Englishman. Now that the last named horse has tskeu.leave of the turf, he will assume the post of Lord of the Harem at Turretfield, and having both looks and breeding to recommend him, the Bomewhat unlucky son of Lecturer and Zeepha may prove a greater success at the stud than he has done on the race course. Leaving the late lamented Bluegown and the Turretfield stud, I may say that the freeing on tbe first day of tbe S.A.J.O. Meeting was not particularly interesting. Lothair beat his oppouents in the Start Stakes with such consummate ease that his friends imagined tbe Cup all over, The contest for the South Australian Stakes was more interesting, and tbe meeting of Topaz, Laviuia, and The Israelite would have evoked some spirited speculation had there been any books open. In the actual raoe the natty little Israelite ridden by Yeomaus won very cleverly at the finish, bat had Topaz been reserved for a run instead of being bustled along from pillar to post the tables might have been turned as the Countryman colt has a wonderfnl dash of foot. Since bis retirement The Israelite has thickened very much, and though he will always be small it will be found that like First Water he will carry weight better than his appearance suggests. The Israelite's performances have been given before, but as tbe. winner of the South Australian Stakes bis appended pedigree may prove interesting to readers. THE ISRAELITE. Tinfinder. Deceptive. W H( i I P i as? Si New Warrior. | a Blue Gown. Crucifix. fl ohj II Lord of the Hills. The style in which Oamballo ran over the field opposed to him in the Flying Handioap stamped him a horse of great pace. When well this brown son of The Friar is a brilliant animal, and it is small wonder that he should make such a show of the moderate lot of cattle we opposed him with. Gang Forward is being slowly bnt surely voted a failure at the stud, and Cyclone did nothing towards saving her father's reputation in the Maiden Plate. Her disgrace was a surprise, as she had run very gamely in tbe three races which she had coo tested previously. Defeat and punishment would appear to have sickened her. Eleven sported silk for the Nursery Handioap, which was one of the most interesting races of the week. Kohinoor— or rather Yeomans—was n ade favourite from Topaz, bnt nothing in the case had a ghost of a chance with The Moor when it came to racing. The Moor has always shown tbe possession of great pace, bnt his temper has several times prevented his showing winniDg form. In the hands of Sam Davis, how ever, he ran kindly, and another bracket may fall to bis lot at tbe Birthday Meeting if he and his rider remain on amicable terms with each otber. The Cop was an unsatisfacory race for .several reasons, and need not be dwelt on hero. Totalizator's victory was not unexpected in some quarters, but I remain firm in the opinion tl<at he is not a two-mile horse, despite the enrolment of his name on the list of Adelaide Cop winners. That he is a good second-class colt will be readily admitted by all, and as an Adelaide Cup winner his pedigree given b on 16 wettby of consideration:— TOTALIZATOR. Deceptive. Blue Gown. Blossom. Yelverton. Crucifix. "Lord of the Hills. 1 ! £ » Gemini di Vergy. Deceptive. Now Warrior. Steel trap Mare, Pedigree li doubtful. j Touchstone. | Fair Ellen. cn Hf &S; *1 re O ft IK H M ■ M Defence. Lady Stamp) Venison. | Delightful. 95 n ■a! 5 i-i Oh 2 o S3 8 Pantaloon. Rebecca. If backers burnt their fingers over the Cap they failed t> Improve matters in attempting to recoup on Veno for the Selling Hurdles. The old roan looked like walking in half-a-mile from home, bnt his condition failed him at the critical moment, and gave a well deserved win to Martin Bnrke and old Jack's the Lad. Jack's condition was a great credit to Griffiths and Bnrke, as he most have given them no end of trouble, and I hope that ere long something better will be entrusted to their care. The All Aged Stakes was marked off for Oamballo or the Israelite, but they were both npset by Topaz, who showed tremendous speed at the start and just managed to squeeze home from that clever and game little iilly Result. The Israelite lost all chance by running very wide at the torn for home, and he finished abso lutely last. The folly of throwing a mare of Marie's pace into a hurdle race at 8 st, 10 lb. was proved on Saturday, when she jumped away first and won in a canter from end to end. Marie is a brilliant jumper, and having a great turn of speed shoold prove very useful at the jumping business. Crystal's easy victory in the Corinthian Onp was somewhat unexpected, bat had Mr. Haines not elected to ride Mountaineer in preference to the chesnut, bis backers would uot have received the nice odds of 16 to 1 in the totalizator. The largest field on record con tested the Steeplechase, and Intrepid's clever ness gained him the victory in the end. Had Lucy or Helmet stood up, however, the game little Ben of Smolensko would not, I fancy, have been nearer than third. Of the others, Saltan ran well for two miles and a half, and he mast not be forgotten when the Birthday Steeple chase is run if his trainer sends bim along daring the nest fortnight. All the favourites in the Goodwood Handicap fell before the 836 to 1 chance D.O.D., and I shall leave readers to acconnt for his victory in the best way they can, as after bis running in three other races at the meeting, arriviug at any logioal reason for this improvement is beyond me. Lothair hurt his foot in the race, and another favourite Oamballo's defeat may be excused as he wss posted by Rivalry. Silver Thread ran at a disadvantage, as she was labouring under sexual disadvantages, and the Cap winner could never go the pace. Miss Harriet, the unlucky EDglish bred mare, beat all the'favourites, and showed both in this race and the Jockey Club Handicap that Mr. Savill made no great mistake in supposing her equal to winning the New market Handicap. The stable backed her for a good stake in " D.O.D.'a race," but unfortu nately gained little more than the stake by her hollow defeat of Blue Ribbon and Rothschild. In taking leave of the meeting I may remark teat the Olnb will make a handsome profit out of the undertaking. The totalizator alone brings them in a trifle over £800 as a percentage upon £10,600 which passed through the machine daring the three days. 