: Apa,tt9egieata LAUN0ESTON MUSICAL UNION ; CONCERT.' : The second subscription concert of this Society, given Tuesday evening, attracted'a large and fashionable audience, all avail able space of the Mechanics' Hall being occupied. The choir and soloists, who attended in strong force, made their ap pearance on the tastefully festooned platform punctually, and presented a VC31JT picaoiug mguu, but? muiutt UU Wlltt concert being attired in a most, attractive and becoming uniform, if we may.be allowed to call the tastefully designed costumes and harmonious colours worn. Of the performance we are unable to speak in general terms of approval, many of the numbers being rendered in a far from satisfactory manner, a considerable portion of the programme falling very tamely. In the first part the two instru mental pieces selected were far too long and wearying, olthoughboth were executed wtih muoh ability. The Prayer,' from 'Moseln Egitto, ' opened thevocal partof the programme; Mr 'Ferguson's song, ''?I wish to tune my quivering lyre,' was sung with all: his usual care ? and good style, but we: must certainly hear him sing itagain to '? fully appreciate it; ' The: duet;'/, When. the wi'nd«blows,' etc.,su'ng byMiBS Archer, and Mr Ferguson j1 was also' very new, -and:failed to rouse the audience toiiany t extent.. ?''?'Tis the .last 'xoBei of ? summer,?' i fsolo'j by* Miss'-Wadham, with chofusi was: well- 'received,, the humming chorus being a novel 'and happy in trodub- tioniby.ithejoonductor,'' -which' 'will :bear'- repeating.'.': , ;The' ? soloist, -was;' evidently suffering from cold,' and ^didi.noti/singi so; well as: i usual; viMissi Archer in Sullivan's1 s'obg,'i::'.'iGuhiever'ei' i secure'd.' -ya i^welU1 deserved i 'encore,1 -and' after 'repeated calls sang ? MEbrlthe-old love's' sakei'!-^Tho Miristrol oBby^'j.which i wa's1 'sung 'asa'1 4uartette' and chorus, closed the first part: The:' secondl \part^vcomprised^ .'Lahee's cantata-:.'''The'BuiIding''of4heShip,^'and proved as barren of-;interest asianythingi the conductor, could haVe .'selected ;:v The solos as a''rUleiTv'erei'but indifferent, and the i concerted' music not attractive', i The choriisi 'and soloists ; evidently .did ?) their best,- though -not up; to their usual stan dard', .apparently suffering from-1 insuffi cient acquaintance^ with.'the work;: 'We' must not omit. to mention that the Com mittee supplied; the subscribers with a very haridyiprograrmme,or book of 'the .words;' which lends additional interest to these' concerts.^ The next work to be produced by the Society is Oosta'a' oratorio' ' Eli.' '??'? Herb. Banmla-nn. — This talented tra rva/iinn ?' aoiiiBf or) V»«r fVfioct T.AMiiao : iDnnniln^ , J. F. Oathcart/J.-Mu'sgraveyiand'the' Australian 'Dramatic Company, -will shortly open for a season of three nights at the Mechanics' Institute, the 'initial performance taking place on Monday/ when '^Hamlet' will be presented. On Tuesday Shakespeare's celebrated comedy: ',Th'e Merchant of Venice 'will form the' attraction; and ? on Wednesday, evening' Herr Bandmann -will appear !? in Vhis world-renowned creation - of ? ^'Narcisse the Vagrant,'- 'to be' followed by the amusing comedy .'A Badical Cure'.' The i company, besides the:: artists' mentioned ?'/ above,' includes Misses Louise Crawford,' Raymond,; Messrs J. ? -Nunnj ' ? Stark, ' Inman, Rigby, Ward,: -and ' jBarnes; i several of them being old favourites in Launceston. The -season will ^doubtless prove a rich 'treat- to .the :i loyers: of the legitimate 'drama, and the1 Mechanics' is certain to ? be well pacronised during Herr Band mahn's j stayi Once more the .want of a theatre wherein to^ produce pieces with a -due regardto stage effects and fittings is^ brought vividly before the minds of the * people of this town; for masterly as-may be : the representations of such plays as ''Hamlet'.' and 'The:: Merchant': of Veriice'-in the hauds of an efficient com-' pany, still .they are' stripped of a great' amount of effectivenes's when performed' without the adequate space and scenery; A bumper house greeted Professor) Rice in !his '.farewell performance at, the, Town, Hall last night, when an interesting programme, was presented . The Professor appeared, to be , much refreshed after Sunday's rest, arid succeeded in '-. thia'. several mind-reading tests put to him, to the entire satisfaction^ of the' audience.' The other. parts of the entertainment were performed in a highly efficient and arriiis-' ing manner. . The ghost scene brought! the performance to a close. .And here, vire, 'are compelled to pass severe censure upon the persons wtio so rashly tried, to spoil an en joyable evening's ehterta'ihmeht by , erideayouring to!' expose,' as'they1 call it, the' Professor. '.'?.'[ .'''.''::'.',;, 