S\ra»W.KY. [from our correspondbnt.] Advance, Illawarra! Tho ostimato for tho Illawarra Railway lias passed tho Houso of Assombly, at last, despite tho dotorminod opposi tion of somo, who, totally ignorant of tho groat southern district and its resources, woro bigotod in that ignoranco ; othors opposod tho voto bocauso, forsooth, thoy could not got railways whoro they wanted thom, and thoroforo thoy would do tlioir utmost to provont othors onjoying what was onlv thoir own dosorts. Amongst tho lattor olass Mossrs Soo anil J'urvos, tho mombora for tho Claronco, demand a littlo notico, as woll as thoir constituents, nnd tho district thoy repre sent. Mr. John Seo is a gontloman to whom I always credited a considorablo amount of com- , mon sonso, as woll a\a certain amount of ability, .' although I always understood that ho was a much hotter and greater man in his own estimation than in that of any ono olso, hut whon, bocauso ho could not got a railway to his own oloctorato, bo had tho tormerity to attack ' tooth and nail ' tho Illawarra Railway voto, lio has passed hoyond tho bounds of justico aiid reason, an if ho wishos to havo any influonco in his prosont position, or ovon in social lifo_, ho must havo a moro consistent policy, a littlo political principal, and a cooler hoad. In tho noxt placo wo find him vi'ourously attacking tho : voto for tho Nowcastlo Railway, but in this thero is moro show of reason, which your readers maj' porcoivo when thoy know that no is a director of ono of tho two stoam companies trailing .botwoon Sydnoy and Nowcastlo. Tho Claronco district has no doubt' two real ropro sonsati vos in Mossrs Soo and Pnrves^ for although thoro is no groat superiority oithor in tho pooplo or tho district, thoy imagino that all tho.rost of tho colony must play sccond fiddle to them, and that thoir small strip of sugar growing country is worth moro than than tho remainder of tho globo. A ; telegram states tho surprise nnd indignation of ;. tho Grafton pooplo that thoir mombors ' did not - immodiatoly cross to tho - Opposition Benches whon thoy hoard thoir rail way Was omitted from tho Government schoino and thou cnmpoll tho Govornmont to submit, but I would not caro to wager much, that Sir Iloriry Parlcos, — who, by-tho-byo, will bo no longor troubled by tho Kiainn Ghost — would nnnninKicacapicaLjuKeuimuujuy lomuuui.ouij. Cooma is 'to liavo -a railway- also, from Goul- . burn, and tlio Western and Sruthorii trnnk linos aro to bo connected by a railway from Blaynoy ? to Murrutnburrali. So tlio present Govornmont aro going in for railways with a, vongeanco, for it will bo romombored that tlio Mudgeo railwav is another of their advonturos, and it is to Mr. Lackoy tho credit of tho Tramway system ? is duo. . - . .... Our city is daily increasing in size, and with it social ovils aro also on the increase, especially what is known as hirrikinisin ; . and tho motro politan press is clamouring for spociai repressive measures which will at onco and for ovor stamp ? out that pernicious form of juvonilo vice aiid villainy, which has gained such tin iinoiivinblo reputation fo r our sistor colony, ;.yictoria, anil lhoro especially its capital, '-.Melbourne. It 'como8 - ont in; its -worst form' on Sunday, when respectable . citizons aro; finding thoir , wny to church, 'and. it is by 110 moans an uncommon ;thing for. thom to have , thoir . oars , assailed ' at ovory street cornor with filthy language, find fonl blaspliomy, from tlio lips of young pooplo of both saxes, . who seom to vio with each other in disgusting rospectablo ladios aud-gentlemoii and thoir faniilios : and yet this is tho class- who- ? - ? ? aro always -canting '-- about Froothought, lod on by a fow rabid anarchists, who, failing to mako a living iu any othor way, mako n_ vory questionable suhsistonco by taking the shillings and sixponcos of tlioso so-called ' unfortunates,' - andiswollish pickpockets, in' lion of teaching them, instilling in thoir minds tho doctiinos of tlio Commuiio^of Franco, Socialism' of Gormany, Nihilism of Russia, and Free thought of Britain aiid Amorica., It is indcod no wonder that tho Inspeetor-Gonoral of Polico is terrifiod at the-. . increase of larrikinism, whon wo will allow such cut-throat doctrines — ruinous aliko to tho state, society, and individual— to bo inculcated ill tlio . minds of tondor youth in tho vory heart of our city. And mon who can with such baro- fapod : offrontory seek to undormino socioty, and vitiate its roots with thoir asp-liko vonom aro worthy of 110 better fato than consignment to that placo of whoso existence they aro so dubious. March 20th. 