CORRESPONDENCE. THE OLDEN TIMES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AUSTRALASIAN. Sir, —I was very much interested in receiv- ing " Notes Now and Then" in your issue of the 1st inst. It recalled forcibly to my mind scenes through which I passed some 40 years or more ago. Having resided for 42 years in the colony, I was, of course, intimate with many who now rest peacefully in the old Cemetery, surrounded by the din and bustle of a great city, forgotten or unknown by the greater bulk of those who daily pass to and fro in its vicinity. My first acquaintance with the Old Cemetery made an impression on me which time can never efface. When a boy it was part of my duty to see that my father's cattle were safely yarded every night in what is now busy Bourke-street. On the evening of which I am about to speak I had been so intent on play that I either forgot or neglected to look after the cattle in time. In my search for them in the darkness I came upon the buring-ground, at that time a con- siderable distance in the bush, and unfenced. I had stumbled over one or two graves fore I became aware of my real position. When I did so I left the place with all possible haste, expecting every moment that ghosts would be at my heels. I left the old country in company with the brothers Allan, the grave of the elder whom is spoken of by " J. M." While lying in the roadstead, before weighing anchor their mother came on board to bid her boys adieu. Alas! never to meet again in this world. On their arrival in Port Phillip, the brothers purchased cattle, and formed a station on Loddon. A black boy in their service was cruelly murdered by his tribe for the crime suppose, of associating with the whites. At the time Alexander Moffat Allan was murdered, the brothers were residing on the station alone, attending to the cattle and household duties by turns. It was on a peaceful Sabbath morning, as the elder brother was milking the cows, that he was attacked by the blacks. The younger, who was resting in bed after a fatiguing ride the previous day was aroused from his slumbers by the cry for help. He jumped out of bed and ran to his brother's assistance. As Alexander ran from the yard to the hut he fell, pierced through by one of those long barbed spears so well known by all old colonists. His brother has told me of the inexpressive anguish that he experienced as he held dying brother in his arms, unable to observe a parting word from his lips. It was a tragically awful position to be placed in, alone in bush, far from help, and still surrounded by the hostile natives, who passed in and out the buildings and helped themselves to what- ever they fancied, but, strange to say, without attempting to murder the survivor. Shortly afterwards he sold the station, and returned to Scotland, and when I last heard of him was living like a hermit on a fine patrimonial estate. A gloom appeared to have passed over his life by the sad end of his brother. William Launey Brodie. Whose grave is also mentioned by "J. M.," was at one time a neighbour of mine. He was an accom- plished musician, and when a lad I have been in the open air in the still summer evening and listened with delight to the enchanting notes of his key bugle, as they echoed through the woods. These notes have long been hushed by death, but I can fancy, I can have them ringing in my ears still. I am still a re- sident far in the bush, and I often wonder why I should have been spared through the long eventful years, when so many of own companions have been cut down. "Friend after friend departs, Who has not lost a friend ? There is no union here of hearts But here must find an end." Hinnoomunjie, Oct. 22. __OMEGA 