The first forfeits for the Metropolitan Stokes ud Melbourne Cap were declared on Monday last The *'' ?ii'B^in.iM in the nrsb-nasned event have reduced the number to forty-four, while ore hundred still remain in the Cup race, latest advices from Sydney state that impor* taut work has been don* during the past week, and a considerable amount of betting baa taken place. Trump Yoss is stall fust favourite for the Hawkesbury Grand, but Wellington, Master AveneL Major, Creswick, Kamilaroi, Zulu, and others have hardened. Monmoutb is shorteaing for the two Derbies, whflst Mar tmdale and The Pontiff are as good favourites as Sweetmeat for the Metrop. From the Biotddberg Mail I gather a few additional particulars of the principal events run at the late meeting there. In the 'Dawn Plate there were six starters. MisUetge *omg to the front at the fall of the flag. When the straight was readied for borne, Miftletoe, Pacha, ud Pretenderaoon left the fieU, and a preat race — '''»d. all three under tfe whip. Mistletoe finally winning by a shirt neck ; Pacha second, a neck in front of Pretender ; Nitrogen a length oft; fonrtii- Time. 2 mins. 45 sees. In the Corinthian Baee. W. Dip lock was thrown from Chancellor and '~*»'W a fracture of the base of the skull, and has since died in the hospital. over two miles and came in first. little Dick, who was second, of course obtained the prrau In the Kg handicap four started. For the first mile Nitrogen ran dose to the Roek hampton eolt, when he was settled, and Pacha and Pretender began to doae up. In the straight tile whips were brought into play, and after a great setto Pacha made it a dead heat with Mistletoe, Pretender beaten by a neck. The distract was twice round (apparently 2 antes 100 yards). Time. 3 rains. SOseea. The mn off for fee dead heat was done in 4 nuns. 15 sees. At the si Illiin. £215 was paid sway, the principal wumeraa being— Mr. G. Skvring, £83 13a.; Mr. J. Bntherford,£79 H*i; Mr. J. Cook, £20 17s.; Mr. Walsh. £10; Hoc & B. Uorefan, £9; te. Townsvflle sunns! races **rt'i-i''*w**d on Thursday last, in the pieasine of a laxge mimberof spectators. Only two started fnr Muden Plate. l»^.l. and Wheel of Fortune, the firat-named (a son of Sydney Tim Whifier) defeating the Mackay fffly easily, [n the Hying Handicap, Mignonette eonBcoctd onentaooB oybdlfanicawluiEDwiiif her jockey. Another rider was then found, and carrying 9at Tibs. (2st. lib. overweight), the mare won easly from FudkstmiaT (6 at. Stts.). the only other horae whodav puted her right to the prize Zulu beat Bagman and North Star in tbe Seffing Bace without difficulty. Then came the Town Plate, which, after a good race, was won bv Pdham (6st 3 lbs.); Lupus (7st- 13 lbs.') second, and Forermmer (7 St. 6 lbs.) third. Neifter Ace, Craiy Jane, or Rudkstrmg The Rake baa been scratched for all engage ments, and, I presume, win stand tie season at his old quarters at Gcacemere. At the Gedong Winter Meeting, Sapper Tandy (Tat lOtbs.) defeated Koh-i-noor (7 St. SIba.) by half ahead in the Winter Handicap; Attraction (7st 12 lbs.) was third. The mile and a-half was covered in 2 mins. 5* sees. In the Bailway Stakes, run on the same day, Sapper Tandy (Sat 5 lbs-) cantered in a winner by four lengths from The Ghost (6st. 9lbe.) and Bruno (6«t 12 lot.) Toe seven lunongi occupied 1 (0111. 37 sees. Tattenairs winter meeting takes place to-day. It seems the amount won by Mr. P. LoriOard. the owner of Iroquois, the English Derbv winner, has been grossly exaggerated, that )yri**Mw «+»tj«g riirf about £3S00 was all the money he received far bis investments on him. The amount presented by Mr. LorTDard to Archer for his victory has also been magnified From dollars to pounds, £1000 turner the WliCCt feUIU. Mesas. Rutherford Bros.1 brows colt Mistletoe retained from Bandaberg by the Lady Bowen on Tuesday, apparently none the worse for his trip, voice has certainly been n&er; a Bevere one. Tbe entries for the Wagga Gold Cop are :— Victory. Baznbow, Phantom, ManhioneaB, Tramp Yoee, Brian Bom, Sangfroid, Honesty, Birthday, Lord Lismore, Manoora, Dictator, Gipsy Cooper, Majoc. Canary, Petrel, OCd Trick. Gfaocketer. Woodlands. Oeswict. Z-ondFesry. Hartindale, The Pontiff, Batbntst, Etna, Sweetmeat. Lord Bnrgnley, Master Avenei, Jester, Straifceam, and SecnnditB. There are 32 in tbe Grand Staod R*n*wi^«p and 30 in the Town FUfce. Oiarters Towers general entzieB and accep tances are very good, and * successful meeting te therefore litely to result. Like Towns v31e tbe only horses outeide the district nf-f7iinati'irif are those Cram Uactay, consc qoentiy the Imik of the money stands a fair chance of being retained by tbe 'home circVt.' Sussex, &b; rawwited irfy^r^r^^iFr. goes to Etna ulis fceMOP., his UClIfLBS Ofillg SIHHWIUCBd At tiie annual meeting of the members of the Victorian Jockey Club last week, the following addition was made to Role 39 :— 'But tbe starter is empowered to place vicious hones which, at his opmtoo, by their misbehaviour «re likely to prevent a fair start, in any position be may dunk proper, in order to avoid injury to or interfere with iriiifi hones at the post.' Sot having been favoured with a copy of the Queensland Tnrf Club Spring programme lam unable to review it at present. Vwra. 