TANGLED TEREADS. B Y RAVELLER. TENNYSON. ** N»y, nay, not so. for I woald know If there ba any fal'.h In man." _ . So we have got an Eclectic Society amongst us; a now era is announced in our moral world; everything is to be freely commented upon and discussed, from religion down to Berryiam—a scope wide enough, to * please the most'cantankerous eclectic that ever breathed. Truth is to bo sought lor high and low; every nook and cranny of the universe is to be. ransacked' to■ find her. Our candid oninion is that it will need a rather extensive search to find many traces of her in our midst' at present. Look at our politics; see our •« patriots. 11 Witness their'noble self-denying struggles in their own interests and for the benefit of their equally disinterested friends. If the respected president of our new Eclectic Society were ambitious of emulating the ex* ample of the ancient philosopher who peram bulated the streets of his city with a lighted candle, looking for an honest man, he would have a hard time of it during these frosty nights. He would find that,-as far as distance was concerned, his peregrinations were assuming the dimensions of a six. days* goas you pleaßo. One. caudle wouldn't do.> His most sensible plan would be to have a go-cart and take a.box of the Apollo Company's best paraffin. There might then be a little hope .for i him, but not otherwise. But, seriously speak ing, if an elevation of thought and of -public morality be one of 'the aimß of the Eclectic- Society,, we wish it every success. There is room for a thousand such societies. If they are in earnest in this matter, the_ eclectics may influence the minds of thousands of intelligent persons, who are too clear- sighted to be credu* lous, and too honest to be hypocrites. r We want a fewelectics in our Parliament few genuine ones, none of your " do-as-I-say and-not-as-Ido” sort of people. We have too many of.. them already.* Ho, we want men who think what they say, and say what, they, .really think. But, unfortunately, most of our representatives are of a different class. The cynical remark of Talleyrand, that "speech was given to as to conceal our thoughts,” would seem to be literally true when applied to. the public life of many of our politicians. Father Byrne’s case is theirs exactly. The reverend gentleman was rather partial to good liviDg, and Bridget Malone, his housekeeper, had her witß sometimes sorely exercised to devise and prepare dishes various and delicate enough to satisfy his fastidious taste. However, one morning at servioe Bridget was surprised at hearing his reverence launch out in a violent denunciation of all in dulgence of' this kind, and eloquently to enumerate the benefits that arose from a life of abstinence and self- denial. Hurrying home, she i&id; out the table as plainly as possible, in obedience, as she thought, to her master’s new resolutions. The father’s surprise when he'sat down to table may be imagined. "Hallo! Biddy, what’s the meaniug of this I” said he. <( Sure, yar riverioce, I did just what ye told me this morning. Faith, an I thought it wad plazs ye.” "Ho! Ho! is that it?” said he. "Now, Biddy, look here, ye’ve been to a wedding before now, haven't ye?” Yes, yer river ince.” . " And ye’ve danced to the fiddle?” "Yes, yer rivereoce.” "But did ye iver see the fiddler dance?” "No, yer riverince." ".Well, Biddy, .remember, now, I’m the fiddler,". And Father Byrne isn’t the only fiddler. We have a good many of them in our legislative halls at- the present time. Enough to make an orchestra compared to which the Ausiriari Band wouldn’t be “a suckumstance,” Berry has been " fiddling” away for the last four years, and rasping out the same old tune till every body but bimseif must have been heartily sick of. it. That screech has ceased now, thank Heaven, and may not even the ghost of the " Reform Bill Medley " survive. And how the worthy baronet has taken the bow in band, aud is scratching the catgut. But we are of opinion that he has not been very sharp to.choae such an extreme scale .with so many flats and naturals in it. We are afraid the melody will be anything but the music of the spheres. Mais, attendee, nous verrons. '. Yes, we’ve got a Ministry—a new one—a darn sight too new, as the martyr to the corn laws said when he pdton his newly-purchased boots. They , are a first-rate team, though in some respects; the most fastidious judge of horse flesh could not say that they are not well matched, ;No' doubt, they are considerably “gone in the legs," and their being but recently taken off grass is against them; but then Mr Murray Smith is a good whip and can handle " the ribbons” with consummate art. and a skilled hand and a tight rein can work wonders. Besides, he only wants them to drag the. State coach for. him as far as Turn em-out road, and if he will only have : ;the "nous” to put Gaudsod or Bent in the shafts,, with a curb and a kickipg-strap oh them, things may go on smoothly enough—for a . time. " ’Tis true, *tis f pity, and pity ’tie, ’tis trfie,” but they are not a prime lot. The first Berry Ministry was bad enough; the second one, worse; but of the present one I am afraid we shall have to say, somewhat like the poet, The force of foljr could not farther go, •.>. > v ; To make a third they robbed ihe former two.* Woman’s rights! Yeß, Mr Finlaysou, we believe in woman’s rights, but the worst of it is that when women begin to ( discuss their rights they want to claim a man’s-rights too. That’s the rub; We have always thought that . the highest right a woman can claim i’b to be a woman— neither ‘more nor less. When they wish to be thought angels, it is time for- .the man to vacate the premises and roost, if neces sary/ on the back fence.' Let the women make use of the rights they have, aud then it will be time enough to speak of other privileges. Let them walk, ride, bunt, study, and engage in gymnastic exercises to improve, their phy? sique. Th 6 Spartan women did these , things, and physically a • finer - race never existed. They ruled the., roast, too. A Spartan was afraid of only.one-thing; in this world, and that was his wife, and the hero that would face any oddß, and almost certain death, would sneak away discomfited after a row with his hbtter half. Here is encouragement for those ladies who are. am bitious of playing first fiddle in the family orchestra.. But, amongst us, not one woman in a hundred thinks that these things should form an essential part of her education. Half of their thoughts are as to the .wherewithal and whatwithal Bhall I be clothed; and half of the lives of others is passed in the insane attempt of trying to prove that Nature has made a mistake, and that their waists ought to have been of the same size and shape as their necks. Tbiß is the 19th century—the world Is getting old, perhaps foolish. Let the women take up the matter, and reform them selves, and as sure sb the greater contains the less, so surely will the " lords of creation” find that there are two ends to a stick. We don’t often go to church, but the Spirit moved us last Sunday night, and fortune directed our Bteps to Lydiard street (Wesleyan). Not knowing "the run of the shop,” aB Mr Woods would say, we walked in very diffi dently, but a gentleman very politely showed us into a seat. The service hadn’t commenced, so we took stock. What a square, barn-like, old-fashioned building ! Seems to have been built for a bonded store, and altered at the last moment into a church. And what seats ! We endeavoured for a full quarter of an hour to make the seat fit our back, but couldn't, and at last, in despair, we tried to make our back fit the seat, but that made us rigid ab a crowbar, and in shape like the handle; of a windlass, so we gave in, and sat, or rather perched ourselves, on the seat in an inclined plane sort of attitude that, if not graceful, was at least fairly comfortable. We racked our mind in vain to find out a reason for having such inhuman—yes, inhuman, thats the word—shaped seats; but we have since been informed by a friend that it iB to prevent thß auditors from going to sleep during the service. This explained all. It is Certainly an effectual, if very stiff; remedy. However, let us Btop; the minister is in the pulpit. Didn’t notice him come in. But what a giant he ss—six feet two in hiß stockings, if he’s an inch;, young, fresh, and jolly-looking —doesn’tlook as if he ever "troubled trouble, or trouble troubled him.” Not a'bit like our idea of a Wesleyan minister—quite the oppo site. We nudge my next neighbour and whisper, "Who is the preacher ? ” "Mr Edgar, our new minister," is_ the reply.. The service now commences, and the first hymn is read. We like the preacher’s style of reading; every word, indeed every letter, is distinctly pronounced. The minister’s alphabet evi dently contains twenty-six letters, not the vowels only, with a half-dozen conso nants thrown in for , variety's sake. Certainly, he rather overdoes it, and sometimes sacrifices rymthm and emphasis for the sake of distinct articulation, but that is a fault which will cure itself, indeed it was scarcely noticeable in the sermon. Would that more of our public speakers and preachers followed the same example. Many of them seem to con sider it' as a matter of no - importance, and whine, and shout, and howl—indeed, do every thing but spcolr—under ..the. impression that they are., .eloquent. A\ even common-place Speech or sermon, when well delivered, is enjoyable, while a really good one, when mouthed and ranted and swallowed! is Intolerable, - There was nothing very new or striking subject .matter ;of the gentleman’s' ’ sermon. It was '■ rigour, ous and 1 "well 1 spoken,' arid given with a fluent, easy delivery, which rendered it pleasing' to listen to, and the aotion of the speaker was natural, though forcible and rather unvaried; But what a shame to cage 1 a man of Buch splendid physique in such a box as that desk, where one step back would knock over his ohair, and one step forward would kick out the front of the pulpit. Give our ministers a free platform, and if they are worth anything, their whole body will speak as plainly and elo. quently as their tongue. Altogether, we very muoh liked Mr Edgar, and Bhall certainly drop in again some , evening with our patent folding chair snugly tucked under our arm. 