Entortainmont at tho Viotorla Thoitro. Ox Thursday evening a vocal and dramatic entertainment was given at 'the: above :' theatre, for the benefit of the Newcastle Cricket Club, by lady and gentlemen, amateurs and' the' Garrick Amateur Society. The vocalists werQ Miss Cloudy, : Mrs. A; Watt, Messrs. A. A. Gross, Evans, T. Corrigan, and C. Hannell. Both ladies were encored, and most of the gentlemen received a similar honour. Mr. C. Han nell also received some well.merited applause for his grand Shaksperian reading from the ghost scene in Hamlet. Herr Ernest Gottlieb acted most ablyas accom panyist, and rendered' the beautiful solo, "Ach ween du warst. mein eigeio," with " excellent taste and expression.' The Great Northern Band, under Mr. Hardy, kindly,. assisted, and played some splendid music throughout the evening, especially "The Danube Waltzes." The dramatic part of the entertainment consisted of the comedy' of " Love Wins," ably supported by Miss' Cottrell, Miss Stephens, Miss K. Murray, Mr. Arthur Herbert, Mr. G. Murray, Mr. I. Mervin, Mr. F. Robson, and Mr. F. Wes? ton. The comedy is an usually interesting one, and the manner in which the several characters wore taken refllets the greatest credit on the society, and shows that not a little time and trouble has been given to the successful production of the piece by the members. The piece' was fre. quently applauded throughout, and the performers were loudly called for at the fall of the curtain. The first part of the entertainment was entirely under the direction of Mr. C. Hannell. During the intermission, Mr. C. F. Stokes, in some well.chosen words, thanked the audience on behalf of the Newcastle Cricket Club for their attendance, and also expressed the obligations of the members to the lady and gentlemen vocalists, to Herr Gottlieb for his services at the piano, to the G. N. Band, and to the Garrick Dramatic Society for their invahiable aid. Mr. Stokes also alluded in eloquent terms to the great services which cricket had . rendered to the colonies by its supporters having made them more widely known, and was loudly applauded. The enter. tainment was a great success. 