NORTHAMPTON NOTES. . ' ... . .. [?] Uur quiet liumaruro aisuict nas been most agreeably disturbed by" the visit of a " real" live lord and his ladyship. The Colonial Se- cretaiy has been here ori a visit. They made, a tdiir to the mines, acconip'anied by Jifessrs." C. Growtrier, rind ;M.' Biro5m, and ; piloted by Mr. Mitchell, who is an adlutfable cicerone, and from his knowledge of district, l>esL.qua- lified to show the distinguished- visitors the " lions" of the Mines. As innst be expected from a commnnity of Anglo/Saxons, who, proverbially", " dearly; love a' lord, ,r the usual amount of " kotowing" was gone through, and great curiosity. . was manifested to see " his lordship'" and her "ladyship." - It is not every day: tliat Nqrihamptonites -get a view of; a member of the House of Peera, Tlie fairsex;?who were on the look out for Lady Giffprd's arrival; expecting to behold a gqrgteus array, qf silks, satins and jewellery, were mrich takeii jaback at beholdipg.a fiand- some yoiirig lady, riding down the road, iri a', plain print dress. / It is expected that for some tihie to come, there will .. be a perfect rash for prints of .fee pattern end., color worn by the fair visitor: /The Cnloriial Secretary's party, after dining t,. fee Bowes station, left per train on Friday 'evening at 6- p.m. Messrs. Crowther. -and . Mitchell are now opening their newly imported London goods, a most extensive variety/ arid what is feost satisfactory, decidedly reasonable in price? A friend purchased' some < crockery: — oloam, he called.it, fee other day whiclrhe averred, was its cheap as'it could be got in old Cornwall itself. " Small . ancLmji qk, t retu feemo'Kelfeefeiwfetiwito >.of this j yigoronB- firm"; 1 V -/'i.-L 'i'\ ' "i J:. A rather serious accident took place at Rosser's . Wheal .Virqpn .Mine last Friday, about half-past one" in the. .afternoon; ' . Only two men were, in the inine ,at the time, viz., William Ring and ; John Morton. Through the giving way of a tiinbertay, a vast mass of debris was precipitated down the shaft, aird Ring Sucrieteded in getting clear. Not so his unfortuntde comrade. .'-..A piece of tiuiber pinned his: leg to tlie ground, breaking it; and . turningthe poor fellow's foot right round, and beingtliUBheld --in' a .vipejflfe.' stuff poured dowp and completely, coyefed him. ; This was some twenty fsfeoinas below the surface.- The propriefer.of the mine, Mr/ Roteer,. was . laid , up with sore" ey«B, and iinable fe take direc- " tion of the efforts to liberate fee Victim, and ' it seemed bnt: too probable that a speedy and frightful death from pressurerind suffocation was to be Morton's portion. Fortunately, in- . deed, for him, Mr. Samuel. Mitchell,- hearing at Uga mine of fee accident, rode in hot haste to fee scene, and procuring the assistance of four Of his own roan, andlof the'.pblibe, Cor poral Wall and Constable Carroll, look charge of the relief 'party.-' ThitfiCoinptefely altered the aspect of affairs. Tbs-men under Mr. Mitchell's skilful leadership' quicklj- regained confidence and worked, - lifejly for dear life. The poor man's head n gth tmcover- ed, but fee trhaSherdus eltp, -rindermibed by their efforts to dig hiiri out, again came down, and covered liirn once more, nearly- extin guishing' alike, the hopes of fee sufferer and hiB rescuers. : HqreMr. Mitchell's experience stood him in good stead.. ! Temporary timber ing was put up, anil tlie wort of extrication went on With unabated vigor; During tins trying ' tinie, altlioiigh the -sufEerings, both physical arid mental) of fee hnpriso nod man must have .been severe, Ms-pluck did not>'de- sert him, and he even thought- of fee .safety of those engaged in liberating him, begging. «>U» JXLIWI1CI1 ID EUHUA UiD UlfflUQ UUb OllU iUt him stay tiiere," as the stuff .might come any minute arid- bury all .alike. No thought, . -however, of -deserting him'eritered the heads of the brave fellows,: who redoubled their exertions on his. behalf, and at , length were amply rewarded, afterifeteri" hourp' incessant, toil, - by beholding Morton, -teribly - mrushed indeed, but still alive'!«nd sensible, safely drawn up to.the surface. .'J have no desire to be invidious in incntiDnrng with, approval, any particular person ' engaged in Morton's rescue. All worked, with heartiest good will, in circumstances attended wife great danger to themselves. Bnt an eyewitness of . the whole scene, and ope who isrivery way qua lified to judge, says -that to Mr. Sam; Mitchell and fee police, Wall and Carroll, Morton un der Providence, owes his' life. ."Hang it/" said another to ine, " I don t like Sam. Mitch ell, and you know I don't,. but lie's a plucky fellow/ and only for'h'ini, Morton would now be as dead- as mutton."/ ' I aih glad to add my testimony to this. But for Mr. Mitchell's ciieering presence, - and valuable assistance the man would undoubtedly have perished; There is a Royal Hnmane Society, which liberally decorates those, wlio'at risk to them selves, attempt the saving; of human life. ' HereJs'a cafe here fefe7 iongest .mark of ; their 'recognffidn/'is especially deserved. I am glad to jepojt) that .Mqrtpn wasripeedily attended by Dr,- El jiott wfio -'was "wired for to the Bay, nffd on Satu rd aye vepfeg ii e was sent to the Geraldfen -Hbspitat; per train, where he is progressing favorably. The festivities in connection wife the an niversary of fee Working Mens Association, were a great success. Tlie tea-meetirig was well attended, and the concert in the evening fairly crowded. Nearly £30 I am" told, was realized towards the" funds, including a dona tion of £3 from W. H/Gqle, Esq. A detail ed account of tlie performances will not be necessaty. since' you were present yourself, and. doubtless hadyour ej'es.-and ears open. 'Tlie weather 6tilf extreme liot and "dry . . Northampton, October 13,1881. Municipal Roll. Revision — On Monday last, at noon, an open Conrt was held for the pur pose of revising the ratepayer's roll for the Ge raldton Municipality. The Council was repre sented by the"Cliairman, Councillors Stroud and Boston. Of the general public there were none, and not the faintest interest was manifested in the proceedings. The following names,- from various causes, were.struck of'-fee .roll, Adlam; W., Bennett, R., Carr/ W;, Campbell, S., Collj-ns, P., Cashion, Jas., duBpulav, A. H/. Devenish,H., Foster, E., Griver. M., Glyd?. G.; Houston, R., Hall, E., Howes, R. G., Hall, J., Hicks, .J., Hale. R., Hamilton, C., Jennings, B/, JameS/W/, King; B. M., Matthews,. T., Newfey, :R., 0'Neil, P., Orr, J., Ouston/C., Street, J., Stokes, J., Stout, Ste phen Montague, Tiinperly; W. H:,Yorles, W.', Warwicker, F. We understand that most of these persons have beeen disfranchised for the simple reason that their landlords, and not them selves, pay the rates. . .. . A simple-ton — 20 cwt; 'i t : ' Eye watermark. — Thatraeeof tears/ . . ' / A usefull tiling in' a long:'Vun. — Breath; : The. last- thing out— T-hentrqth. , : ! "Though lost- to eiglitj fe.rnemory dear'' — As the inan said whep he paid his dinner hill. A tight fit.— Delirium tremens. - ... " That is unremitting attention," said, the student when his father forgot his usual al lowance. 7 Odd again.— It was the first pair ate fee first apple. The motto for an Irish incendiary .—I burn yer ! Women's rights— Children. . Would you call : a city Coripcilman a ghost — If you saw hi in a goblin. Flash language. — Telegrams. - The sailor who wanted fe knqi what time it was, has gone to see. Shukeperian mem.— Tliough Titania bade Bottom listen, to her, she never asked hiui to lend her .his ears. The maid qf awl work.- — Boots. A common informer. — "Walker's dictionary. A black tie.— A nigger wife. . . .. Notice of motion. — Tjie railway whistle. \- Tlie ghost Of a turkey."-- When he'd a jfeb- blin. Short and sweet,— The taste of a lollipop. How can you shoot 120 hares at oue shot ; —Fife at a wig ! Why is a person afflicted with lumbago like one smoking a penny cigar ?— Because his baccy's bad. (His back is bad.) Why is the soul of really no consequence whatever ?— Because, it's inimateriaL ' -i" ' . : What Are " Dai k .Aigp?"?— Ladies1 Ages. What do ladies try to ao when they are get ting grey! — Keep dark. . r. Where do cooks' ideas chiefly go t— To pot t What is the , closest study ? — Any. study where the windows are never opened. Student (to fee professor) ; " Can Any thing go, arid not go anywhere ?" — Professor ; " I should think not."— Professor ; " Then I should be obliged if you would tell.uie where the light goes when it goes out." - Where is it that all women are equally beau tiful ?— (A Wy friend'promptly replies,) " why, in the dark, of course." i ,A binning shame. — Arson. . 