SOUTH, AUSTRALIA. DIOCESE OF ADELAIDE. INSTALLATION OP DB. GTFNSON. (South Australian Register, 22nd AngUBt.) The impressive ceremony of installing a knight of St.. Gregory the Great was performed on Sunday afternoon at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral, when Dr. John Michael GnnBon, an old resident of the colony and a prominent member of the Roman Catholic Church, was invested with the order. There was a large congregation present, and. the Austriitt band gave their services on the occasion. The front seats in the nave of the Cathedral were reserved for, members of the Hibernian Order, and special accomodation was provided for Dr. Gunson anff his attendants. The . ceremony was performed by the Bishop, who was assisted by the Vicar-General, the Be vs. Coonan and Roper, and the principal clergy of the diocese. Dr. Gufison was attended by Mr. M. H. Davis as esquire, and his two sons (Messrs. J. and W. Gunson) as pages. After religions exercises the ceremony began by the Rev. Father Roper reading the Pope's warrant for the installation of the candidate, after which his Lordship the Bishop blessed the sword, ana sprinkled it with holy water. Bestowing it upon Dr. Gunson, he said—" Receive this sword in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and uBe it in thine own defence, and in the defence of the Catholic Church, to the confusion of the enemies of the Cross of Christ, and to the enemies of the Christian faith; and, so far as human frailty, will permit, unjustly injure no man with it." Proceeding with the form of installation, the Bishop read s prescribed form of prayer. The address usually delivered on such occasions was given by the Very Rev. Price Butler, O.S.S., who took for his text the following words:— ^ " Esto Miles paei/ieus, strenuus, Jidelis, et Deo devotus."— " It.may appear, strange to behold here to-day the hand conseoratea foir peace offerings and blessingB bestowing on. the distinguished gentleman whom we ha'te met to hondur, tho symbol of his knightly dignity. Whence does the Catholic Chufcn derive her right to confer such honours, and above all what has she to do with the sword ? Is not her mission but to preach and keep entirely within the sanctuary P These may be the thoughts gof many regarding the ceremony we are witnessing to-day within, the walls of this sacred ediflae. A complete atiawer to suoh, as well as- a .vindication of hier action, will be found- 1 in the consideration of—1.. What'was the mighty work- which the Churoh had 'tb accomplish, in the- world ? 2 How she'acquitted herself of the task/ It •is' not necessary, nor is it my intention; to enter ihtb a critical examination' of - the right , of thb Popes or of the Church'to confer honours to4 to inflict punishments.. It frill • be sufficieift should it be< shown that there has'existed no other power that lias, done so much for civilisation,' art, law, science, learning, andaH that constitutes the.greatest good of soeiety j and that from inherent rightj ft'om'the; pre 1 - soription of ages, from the-^dnfisBipn or aB. civibged countries, ishe b^B'the' ! best' cltiim to single' out those of lier'chilidren'.^ho havfe been distinguished ahoVe thieir ' fellows 1 , aS^ place on their brows.the liurel^ of ! victory 1 fir gird thep with'the'swbrd of 'ionovut.' What then", was this'great work which the Ohurc£ had' to;acc6mp&h; P •W^ b^ea^'n'othcre pfSor divine "mission" td pi^eich 'and ddtniniBter' sacranients; But' of that 'iiiis^oii/^o) icnifis^ ilfe^tfte^ '4nd' J rfeffifcb forrect^ principles ofipgfe.; "(ii) gjlye^js qhi1 onBtitutions ;" ' to Jencourfige r le^tiiihg, ^pi^ ' latronise art'; ; jto shield the defenceless,;' jt» elp the weak^ . jto,int^is^nd thotyran^ an3 ppressorto l^ej tlie bulwark t)t id .^aTioM .of ^um^mt^. 1 itykiftmb wflmn jromrJihoibmgnMi he, mj^? wM.-a^lcUfiwleiige^u.jautjin.^ie.jvdaE Mfingi signs- jofi itoideoay^v) SWfie hof&ttf; ooi iwace-j gathering omita ifronbieis who, iS uceesaive/.WavesutofLi'invarabhi, fstrqit .'overt hft xfeirest rtgibn»i o£: Burope ' and: eaX gulfed y tiin orimspn^ tide: < <piag8n'^«ii$ and -cmlisntioiu^^Ru^alB^ Sdth^-'fVw&s;, Atiihanwil Huns iBjo^ganHiahM;' ~ rhsh^bin^aida'inoodhtlessmiBkbeW dfieij tfae <am«l ydfla tomes. Tho outlying parts of the empire first experienced the rude shook. Enghmdin "449 was invaded by the Saxons, and in a oenttiry barbarism ruled there from Kent to <Cfcledonia; Spain in 466 fell under the power Of thb Visigoths, Ganlin 481 nnder the Itaaks, and Italy in 498 under the Osterfrothe. From the fifth to the math century. fuUpe became a pwy to all the evda of famine, pestilence, barbarism, bloodshed, .ignorance, and crime. There was but axe amall spot where learning sat secure and religion held peaceful sway; away in the green island of the w<*t-the island of saints of poetry, and of song. "Who was to bring order out of this wild chaos, light from out the gloom of such darkness? Who could tame the wild passions of Vandal arid Hun, and turn the eavage war-song of the Vikings into hymns of peace P There was but one power that had lhe will and the means to effect such a •change, and that power was the Catholic Church. The Holy Pontiffs, who sat in the chair 0f St. Peter were the men who civilised Uiese terrible savages. Not alone did her .Jieo face Attila, the scourge of God, and obtain peace and favour for the people, but the Popes sent forth their missionaries to «yangelise. these warriors, before whom the Roman leigons were scattered like chaff, and the.. Empiro went down amidst carnage and fire. About the ninth century a neiw Christian empire begins to emerge from the scattered and discordant elements which lay around. Charlemagne is; drowned Emperor by Pope Leo III. in 800, atid modern Europe beginB its career. The law of the Churoh is taken as the basis of the law in every country in Europe. From the ninth to the fourteenth century the Catholic Church was the great power in JSurope, and what of good did she not accomplish? Learning was restored ; then were established the Universities of Europe, Asia, Some, Bologna, Paris, Oxford, Cambridge, SMamftnca, by the express command of the Popes. Then were those oathedral schools endowed and founded, which have survived even to this day. Ignorance and prejudice may attempt to call these ages dark; but measure them by their works, and see if ignorance and superstition mark theBe. Were the barons at Runnymede led on by a Pope's legate, ignorant of the grand principles of liberty and law ? Were those ages dark which have given to iiurope imperishable monuments of highest art? Stand before one of those grand cathedrals ot this period, examine its minutest -details, the harmony of all its parts; its ponderous yet graceful towers; its soaring spires; itobiittreaBes hung in mid-air. Enter through tlifct majestic porch; look along those pillared walls; see that grand and fretted roof; those mullioned windows which stain in a thousand tints' the tesselated pavement. iBehold that altar, with its varied marbles; its exquisite and delicate workmanship. Hear that burst of glorious melody, and the swelling tones of the organ, and then tell me if the minds which designed and the hands tjifet executed these were the slaves of ignorance and superstition. In the ninth century the feudal system took its rise. 'With all its faults, it has done much for humanity and religion; it . bound all. the members of a State together in a .community of interest and protection.. The popr man served, and in turn was defended Sy bis lord, who himself was bound to the Xing, , while over all was the Common Father Of Christendom, whose authority was acknowledged, and whose decrees were obeyed in every land. War and plunder had been the ipnly trade of the fierce nations which had settled in Central and Southern Europe. JBut the Catholic Church taught the warrior tp draw his sword only in defence of the .widow and; the orphan—to shield the weak And defend ,the right, as is said in the prayers with; which she blesses her knightly .sons. Chivalry then was the consecration of all (thatwas brave, and holy in war. It was the (Church; that inspired the lofty principles of justice and humanity, which gave to the .grim profession of arms its poetry and romance. Esto pacificue -—be gentle as a lamb—was the exhortation S>1 the Churoh—take . for your model tha gentlest of mortals, the Mother of God. Let net pitying and loving looks ever be present jbefore you. Do not close your ear to the eiry of distress. Honour women because llary your Queen is the. mother of 'the Redeemer. The worship of thq Blessed Virgin has done more to soften the stern ja&nners; of men, to elevate and refine their feelings, to ttaoh them to do great and noble things than any other form of devotion, and this is testified to even by the, jenemies of the Churoh. Be strenuous (strenuui) says the Church. ~ At the call Of ' duty justice lias to be upheld and tts 'violators punished^ when the cry of the orphan and widow is raised; irtien the oppressor of God's poor or his <Jhorchis to be withstood ; then rush forth ijtronjy in right. Heed not' the opposing foroeS, btit with thy trusty blade strike for light; for liberty,'and for God. faithful (MklisJ tb' all. 'Let thr word be saoredas »y bkttfc iB holy. Faithful to her to -whom fjfrito i jonr ftienll* faitMul to yotir whether on tented > fieldor in ihe ootmoil &eoi;'ievottu-^Had devoted; to God^ Tbu'ue notameroenary towllyonrswordto tfeehigheatbiddBr. Yon are Qod'ssarvant. Le&yonr; vigtuMlshifte forth then,-and be the Clbristian'kxiight kam peur tt tutu riproehe. ,&e;/;4hj8i'ibright, fe*ainpleswdf Christian tye-OidofSpitin and! Bayard of JfatftoQ-rriBaeb: j^.m^'floiv^r ofiMroio^irtueL' fy^^^^itmagnia&aeDdBfit;'tiio .Ghurohi feii&u;? fjvrtafttfetoofthe Tvpmatf God. ) Sh JwirwwnriifllittfiTiln; breatirfh& time for peace and calm reflection. From Wednesday to Monday morning during Lent and Advent, and for two weeks after Christmas and Easter, it was sot lawful to avenge any injury, and the heaviest censures of the Church fell bn the man' that dared to violate this Triibe of Gbd. Such wfts the gre&t; Christian Republio iNainly ortated and fostered by the Catholio Church. She had rescued it froth the darkness of barbarism, held aloft the lamp of leaning, mitigated the horrors of war, and ifostered the gentle arte of agriculture and peaoe when the very existence of Europe was again endangered, and the blaok cloud of iguoranoe and fanatioism rose threateningly above its horizon. In the seventh century, 622, Mahomet, the camel-driver of Mecca, proclaimed his mission of bloodshed and licentiousness, dubbed himself a Prophet, and unfurled the standard of ignorance and rapine. The teeming hordes- of the desert, the -wandering tribes of Tftrtary, and the swarthy children of the sun came rolling like lava over the Eastern Empire. In ten years Syria, Mesopotamia, Persia, Egypt, and Lybia were rent from the empire of Constantinople, acknowledged the impostor, and worshipped at Mecca. A century did not elapse till the whole north of Africa waB added to the Caliphate, and his standard even waved ill triumph over the walls of Granada. There was a time when Asia Minor and Alexandria were the homes of learning and the granary of Europe. What; have they become under the blighting influence of Mohammedan rule ? Ignorance 1 supreme, squalor, poverty, rapine, lust, and fanaticism—are not these the curses which' lie so heavy on the richest and loveliest land which the Bun shines upon? Where now are those highly cultivated minds that stored up the learning of antiquity in the library of Alexandria? Gone like the precious manuscripts themselves, to feed the flames kindled bv brutal ignorance. This was the dread danget that menaced Europe now that she was reined from barbarism, and was putting form her energies of mind and hand -under the trise and fostering care of the Popes of RomeL They it was who, seeing the gathering ecorm, sounded forth the alarm. Urban II. summoned the Powers of Europe. He pointed out the danger, he described the sufi^ings of their fellow Christians under the jMohammedan yoke, and in language of burning eloquence asked them to drive back the foe, rescue the holy places from their desecrating grasp, free their [enslaved brethren, knd fight for right, and freedom, and for Gfyd. At that voice ten thousand swords leap from their scabbards, and seventy times ten thousand go forth against the fie—the Cross on their shoulder and "0-od wills it" as thflir battle-cry. For two oenturieB did Europe send forth its chivalry to contend against the fiery valour, of Saracen and Moor. IThen were performed feats of arms and heroic virtues which shall live for ever enshrined in ttory. Godfry de Bouillon, Tancred, Richard of England, St. Louis of France, are Knights sans penr et sans reproche, who, gentle in peace, were lions in the field—whose good swords were ever us.ed to punish injustice, strike down tyranny, guard the weak, terrify the infidel, and right the oppressed. The Crusades saved Europe from barbarism, they gave an impetus to commerce, they taught navigation and geography, they prepared the way for j discovery, they brought home many relics of: ancient letters, they strengthened tie : brotherhood of nations by mingling men of different , countries in the same enterprise, they afforded a vent for the pent-up valour of Europe, and thus relieved -it of a disturbing element, and they gave to the world those military orders which were the embodiment of the spirit of the age and the genius of Christianity.- i In theyear 1018some Neapolitan merchants founded at Jerusalem a hospice for the reception of pilgrims, and this they placed under the care of some religious men who bound themselves by vow to attend to the sick and defend the pilgiimg-totha holy places. The saintly Bishop of Puy drew.upa rule for t their *guidance. Thus the Knights of St. John ;of 'Jerusalem, or the •" Hospitallars," as they were called, were the mailed warriors of Holy Church. So, too, were the Knights Templars, Knights Teutonic, and those other religious and military orders of the day. It was the Church which blessed their swords and plaoed the pennon in their mail-clad hands, and with words of benison, which we hear to-day, said, "Etto Milts pacifieut, strenuus, fiieUs et Jjto dtvottu." . Let the enemies of jGod alone . feel . the keen edge, of that sword which, is, ever to defend the riglit. Let your virtue be as unsullied as the white , mantle that covers ydu. Bfe fwthful to duty and devoted to God. And fcrufithose nobleknights were to Jhe- yows they ^hatl taken. .In reading their history the iniild 'Jjefcniff tb ? revel rather in the cretraons of '-ftMj''fltoJi in the records of human aohieveinei&s.;'- -'Take their defence of the Island-of , £tiocfos l'14i80'. Mahomet II. determined to destroy ihis crutppit of Europe, which had long defied) his power/ and marred his schemes roficooquert. fWith i^eet of 160 yeseelsaud lQ0,O(X);8oldien) i>e landed onthi island, then held Jbydfa JajfWfcpfJ9t. Jdkof under . tfie canpnan^er ; ; 4'AuVuaeen< tlie Jiis injghU, were.iever atfth^rtW'dSt&K; to ; his' ^ftrnmon; his keen%lftde iid lil»MiJ Wi sent thtim e to'Wbe th^'dtut.''' 1L . dt'tfo-iewzfr n4Mb», %1w«tBrrible'BashiW led iion- tr^ops I: ¥dr !&ie; :; lasti 'aaMiiilt.- d'Aubusson, though wounded, stands there like the fabled God of War. A host in himself he .iwroires his knights, with fresh 'ardour. The foe is driven, back, and they fiy te their ehipk, tiaated and terrified, whilst the wounded knights proceed to the chnrch to give glory to the Lbrd of Hosts. Or see again a similar .defence at Malta, where but 600 -frotuidfed and famished warriors repel 40,000 Moslems trtider the bravtest of their Sultans, Soliman II. It !B no figure of speeoh to eay thetf Valour saved Europe from Mohammedanism. And who but the Catholic Churoh armed their, strong right hand and blessed their knightly vows ? The Catholio Churoh—has she the right to confer honours on her children ? She plaoed the crown of empire on the brows of Charlemagne ; she confronted Attila; she withstood a tyrant John of England, and a Henry IV. of Germany; she hnrled the force of Christendom against the hordeB of Asia; slie adorned the esicutcheans of kingly races with their proudebt mottoes; she passed judgment oil the highest, ireproved vice, rewarded virtue,- encouraged, learning, arid ennobled men in every age. Has the Catholic Church power to confer honours ? Let the prescription of a thousand years 'and more, the testimony of every civilised nation of Europe, the sacrifices she has- made for society, answer. To her by excellence belongs the power to ennoble her sons, and single them out for their deeds of merit: And dearly have ever been prized the marks of her honour—proudly her chivalry of merit ranks where right is respected and virtue admired. And in the installation of the noble Knight, Sir John Michael Gunson, the Pope keeps up his traditional r81e of universal patron of worth and excellence. It is not for me to speak here the praises of Sir Gunson. He has ever been a faithful son of Holy Church, a distinguished scholar and gentleman, a good oitizen, and a loyal subject. It is because he represents in his person the Catholicity of this young but growing nation, that our Holy Father wishes to give you a pledge of his affection and a mark of his love. He tells you to-day that you are a peace-loving people, that you are strenuous in the cause of right and merciful to the distressed. To this I can well testify; when the loved land of most amongst us lay helpless in the grip of famine you people of Australia, without distinction of race or creed, came generously forward to alleviate her distress—:£68,000 went from Australia to Ireland as the most munificent testimony of her charity and.mercy. Onr Holy Father wishes to compliment you people of South Australia. It is in vain for foolish men to decry this Church, the spouBe of Christ, until man can' blot out the records of the past, and cover with a pall of oblivion the brilliant deeds of Catholicity. Until the works of Michael Ansrelo, the poetry of Dante, the philosophy of .Aquinas, the labours of Franois Xavier, the learning of Benedict, the deeds of Bayard, d' Aubusson and St. Louis,—Until these are forgotten and the monuments of their glory destroyed the Catholic Church must ever be the highest power on earth, whose rewards are the tokens of general merit, and whose gifts are unsullied by injustice or wrong. Long may the noble Knight wear the sword with whioh he is girded to-day. If the dftys of chivalry are no more, still the same or greater foes stand armed against God and His Church, and these foes are just as dangerous to civilisation or morality as Moslem or HUB. We need not be reminded to what excesses men are brought by the immoral and materialistic teaching of the present time. They may be read in the lurid flames of the burning Tuilleries. They can be heard in the murderous explosion of the assassin's mine—in the phrenzied passion of depraved mobs—in the defiling publications of a wicked literature—in the unloosing the bonds of -paternal control, and the licentiousness of youth. These are eome of the evils of modern thought and society. Therefore it is necessary to have in every country men distinguished by their abilities fnd position—peaceful knigntB, cultivating vorks of the understanding, •strenuous in every g>od for th : e advancement of religion and norality — faithful in the ; discharge of tleir duty — arid above all. devoted to Gjd and his Church.' And it is meet and pwper that that Church should honour silth men, and send them forth in her name and with her blessing to fight the battles of tht Lord—nofc-with- the- sword of the flesh, bul armed with the ^shie^d of .faith -and protecied" with the breastplate of justice, that thep may be; shilling lights: , by their good example, and doughty defenders of truth and justice.. Arise;, .then, noble knight, and go forih to Jhis content witt : God's losing -pn your stainless .shielel. Long mjiy vou wear thb%.blusl^g^hoho^';wi& ^rhuShiur Holy Father/crowns youy*and'-may^ou'ey^$ be a ' knight peaceful, .BtrenucriiB, faithfiil,. and deirtedioiQFod?^"" i,iut V Ihe eemce/fwHk® HrSi' veiy'imjtfeBsive throughout, wBS thet conclUded in 1 the *sual 9!- r ; 1 - ••••• V ,i.vr.. f.'-iffjrf-rti 1 ff'ifrii; -I ' li • 