THE MERCURY. PUBLISHED DAILY. WEDNESDAY MORNING, SEPT. 7, 1881. IN the Legislative Council yesterday, Notices were given by Mr. GRUBB and Mr. CHAP- MAN, and the COLONIAL SECRETARY tabled a return moved for by Mr. AIKENHEAD. The Public Works and Main Roads and Bridges Construction Bills were read a third time, and passed ; and the Criminal Law Procedure Bill was fixed for third reading to-day. The Goldfields Regulation Bill was brought np by message, advanced a stage, and second reading fixed for Friday. The COLONIAL SECRETARY moved the second reading of the Mersey and Deloraine Railway Bill. Mr. CHAPMAN moved that the bill be read a second time that day six months, and, after discussion, the , amendment waa passed, upon division, by 9 to 5, The Public Schools Erection Amendment Bill waa read a second time, and ordered to be committed to- day, i Messages were brought up with the Mineral Landa Act Amendment and Sinking Fund Bills. Bills ad- vanced a stage, and second reading fixed for Friday. The House stands adjourned till 4 o'clock this after- noon. _._ IN the House of Assembly, Mr. BROMBY presented several petitions on the sub- ject of the system of voting for road trustees and municipal councillors, and praying for an extension of the franchise ; but the SPEAKEB ruled that the peti- tions could not be received, as they related to two ques- ' tioDB. , Mr. REIBET drew attention to an article in the . Presbyterian Magazine containing a aerioua charge against a public vaccinator. At the suggestion of the - SPEAKER, who pointed out that notice should be given before the subject was referred to, the matter was dropped. ' The Mineral Lands Amendment Bill was read a ' second time, and passed through committee, the third ( reading being fixed for to-day. \ The House then went into supply, when clause 7 of i the Sinking Fund Bill, being a clause relating to , appropriation, was agreed to. The estimates were then taken np, and the items £ under tho folio wing heads were agreed to :-Magiatra ey, police, gaols, Lands and Works department, mines, t salmon establishment, Launceston and Western Rail- \ way, Main Line Railway. The House adjourned, at 11'30, till 4 o'clock next day. __________^_ THE annual Parliamentary football match was i concluded last evening. Lost Session the 1 Assembly scored one, having kicked the Mersey s and Deloraine Railway Bill over the bar. Yes- 1 terday, in tho Council, the COLONIAL SECRETARY C kicked off, but throughout the wind was decidedly j against him, and Sir. CHAPMAN, getting the Bill t in his arms, marked it, and though having to t kick from a difficult angle, managed to send 1 it through the required space, and with the aid s of Mr. CROWTHER, who had also changed sides, j, succeeded in scoring a win for tho Council, p though it may be questioned whether one or two c moro such " behinds " will not do the Council _ more harm than would defeat in a fair fight, ¡ which the Council yesterday shirked, for the merits of the Government proposal were , ignored. The time was thought inopportune. -, So has it been in the past, and the vote of yes- terday showed that hon. Members in the Legis- lative Council are adepts in the art of keeping the word of promise to the ear and breaking it to the hope. Inmoving the second reading, the COLONIAL n SECRETARY spoke as a man who, though sincere ° in the effort he was making, felt he was fighting w a losing game. The past reception of the Bill, a: not once nor twice, but several times in that ri House, was to him a Banquo's ghost. It ap- C palled his courage. He struggled as a doomed d man, yet fought a Btout battle. Having sub- u mitted to the House plans showing the course ti of the proposed work, and alluded to the many r< discussions that have taken place on the same H or t> similar measure as leaving him little to say, al bo yet traversed the wholo field öl former debates, adding theroto a statement even of distances and of work done, and gave n brief history of the undertaking from its first incep- tion by a privato company to its present stato of virtual abandonment which now -necessitated the purchase of tho line from the representatives of the Company, and the almost total recon- struction of the works, except the formation of the line -which Mr. MOOEE said was of tho most favourable character. He then controverted tho argument that tho construction of a maca- damised road from Deloraine to Latrobe had obviated the necessity for a railway which, ho said, would confer benefits on the country which the macadamised road could not effect. The in- creasing population and material wealth of the North-West Coast were, he argued, important factors in favour of the construction of the lino, which would benefit very largely the Launceston and Western line, but certainly could liavo little or no effect on tho Main Lino Railway ; a fact which, ho maintained, put asido tho argument that tho construction of the line should bo post- poned till tlie Main Line shall have become tho property of tho Colony. Between tho proposed line and the Main Line ho could see no connec- tion, nor did ho seo why, even if the Main Line should be slightly benefited, aoi largo and populous a district as tho North-West Coast Bhould be denied a convenience so essential to its progress ; a district that would make head- way under adverse qiroumstances, as shown during the last ten years, but that would tako a still moro prominent placo if tho Council would give it that chance which he hold was a public duty on the part of Parliament. The COLONIAL SECRETARY went at some length into tho ques- tion of cost and roveuuo, as showing that ovon as a commercial speculation tho lino would pay, and taking credit to Government for tho careful "manner in which the necessary information had been prepared for the guidance of hon. Metnbers, he concluded with the expression of a hope that ,now a twenty years' struggle would be crowned with success, and that the Bill would pass. Tho other side of the question was taken up by Mr. CHAPMAN who had nothing to gay against tho Burvoys and statistics referred to, though he would have liked that the information given had bçBnprintedforthousoofParliamontjforallknew how little estimates were to be relied on when work pamo to bo carried out. As ai} instance of the probable differeoco between estimate ant} cost ho referred to tho experience of the Western Railway, and remarked that tho gauge of that railway would have to be altered, ora third ¡ino laid down along a distance of 27 miles, the cost of which the COLONIAL SEOBETARY had not in pluded in lus statement. Mr. CHAPMAN ad- mitted a former confidence in the success of this lino, but he said it had been damped by the returns from the Launceston and Western Line, which showed that since 1875 the revenue had been decreasing, proving that the axiom that wherever railway \ Accommodation was afforded there traffic increased was pubject to excep- tions. The application of ' such a genera) principio required that large population to be tapped, a condition that did not oxist in this Colony. He therefore disputed the COLONIAL SECRETABA anticipation of a growing trafilo, and put no faith in the promise of its proving remunerative. On the contrary, he did not anticipate that the receipts would do more than pay working expenses. But, added Mr. CHAP- MAN, assuming much that he could not grant, was that the timo for entering on any railway scheme) This was not tho only proposal of tho kind, and he thought that |hey should wait until they could go to the London market, and borrow half a million for the use of the several districts requiring railway accommoda- tion. These projects should all bo sailed in one boat, and as justifying his proposal for delay, Mr. CHAPMAN quoted the hon, the TBEABUBEB, who liad declined taking supplies for more than half a year, as the present is a moribund Parlia- ment. Being moribund, tho argument against supplies for a full year was an argument for leaving to next Parliament the question, whether the Country should be palled on to bear the additional annual debt to be incurred in the interest payable on the cost of the proposed railway. The voico of the people could, in the meantime, bo ascertained, and when the project came before the Council again, he had little doubt that the House would favourably entertain it, provided the lino was carried to deep water. To compensate the dis- appointment, Parliament could be liberal in the concession of branch roads, provided satisfactory provision were made for their maintenance, not that ho would have a district pay the total interest on its local roads but they ought to pay shilling for shilling with the Government. In any case there could bo little inconvenience from a further Bhort delay. Personally, he was not opposed to ' the construction of the 'Deloraine and Mersey Railway. The question he now dealt with was this : Is the present the opportune time? and his answer was in the negative ; and in that negative < he strongly suspected Ministers agreed, as did several Members of the HOUBO of Assembly. But they wanted a cry against the Legislative Council, and therefore this year the Assembly had sent to the Council that measure which it had itself last Session rejected. There was nothing, he maintained, to warrant the change of front which the Assembly had shown, or if there was a shade stronger argument on one side or the other, it was, he held, against pro- ceeding now with a question which, like the voting of supplies, waa one for the deter- mination of a now rather than of a moribund Parliament. In the meantime, however, Ministers might ask the consent of Parliament to the purchase of the line of tramway now under offer for £6,000, to prevent its falling into other hands, for though this was not the proper time for passing such a Bill as that before the House, he felt satisfied that the construction of this line would have to be undertaken, and that ere long. . The motion for the second reading of the Bill that day six months was, after a long and ominous pause, secondedby, of all theMembers, the repre- sentativo for Deloraine, Mr. Gnunn, whose argu- ment was that a good macadamised main road to rail and shipping ports rendered theproposedrail woy unnecessary-if not altogether, certainly at present. The amendment was supported at some length by Mr. CBOWIHEB, who, as a Minister of the Crown, had advocated in the Council the urgent character of the work the postponement of which he now supported. Of this inconsistency, on which he was twitted by the COLONIAL SECBETABY-who also reminded Mr. CHAPMAN of his postponing in 1881 the con- struction of a work he whichhe had years ago urged in the Council-Mr. CBOWTHER offered no ex- planation ; on the contrary, he seemed inclined to completely turn his back on himsolf as a man of progress, for he complained that the Parliament, instead of leaving something for next Parlia- ment to do, seemed inclined to do much that ¡hould be left undone. Not only had they the Mersey Railway before them, but many other works which the Assembly had been so freely issenting to, were equally objectionable. Wan lering round to every point of the compass of irgument, Mr. CBOWIHEB again and again »me back to the text that any branch lines irould increase the value of the Main Line, and ind should therefore be postponed till that ?ailway shall have become the property of the Colony. When he sat down it was felt that the loom of the Bill was sealed, and in the objections irged by Messrs. FISHES-in an able speechcon rasting the pathless condition of the district he «presents with the North- West Coast-AIKBN IEAD, in a peevish, querulous, complaining tone, ind CAMERON whocomplained of being designated a no progress man¡ they but added to tho wonder that whiloso much lovo.of progress was'professod, BO many lion, gcntlercon should have blossomed into full-blown obstructives. The measure found earnest support from Messrs. DODERV, HODGSON, and SCOTT, while tho speech of tho hon. Dr. SMART touching on tho self-contradiction of lion. Members, and animadverting on the character of progress entertained in the Council, was a diver- gence, if not marked in its effect, thatpointed him out as a valuable acquisition to the debating power of the House. Ho could seo nothing to gain by delay ; every advantago from at Onco procceeding with the work. In replying, tho COLONIAL SECRETART complimented the Houso on tho fairness and dispassionato manner in which tho debate lrd boon carried on. He replied seriatim to some of the objections advanced, confessing himself ut- terly puzzled to comprehend Mr. AIKENHEAD'H meaning when ho stated that the peoplo paid 25 per cent, in taxes-25 per cont. on what, or for what? asked Mr. MOORE. Echo answered by throwing out tho Bill by a majority of 9 to 5, and thus again the people of a largo Rnd im- portant district aro being taught patience, wjiich read by tho action of tho Legislative Council may bo defined to mean, "? wait a long while and then get nothing." The Royal mail steamship Cathay arrived at Melbourne at 8 o'clock yesterday morning, and the 8.8. Flinders, with the Tasmanian portion of the mail, left for Launceston two hours later. The Flinders should arrive at Launceston this morning, and tbo mails will tbcreforo be delivered hero to- morrow morning, It will bo remembered that som o timo ago Mr. Jones, surveyor, nccompamed by that well-known bushman, Mr. MoPartland, left thia by the ketch Esk for Macquarie Harbour, whence they wcro to pro- ceed overland tq determino whether communication "could bo cslabfished between Hobart and Macquario Harbour, via tho Gordon River Bend, Oraycr'oft, and Victoria. They reached Macquarie Harbour in safety, and having completed their arrangements .there, were rowed by Constable Purdy as far up the River Gordon as navigable. Tbore they landed and set put for Hobart, w)ijph they expected to reaoh in six weeks.' A stock of provisions waa Beut .on to the Crayoroft depict to wait them, Constable Normoyle arrived in town jesterday, bringing the information that tho exploring party had not reached Craycroft, and as it was seven weeks last Friday since they left Constablo Purdy, thoreis aomo cause for uneasiness. Mr. Jones cud Mr- MoPartland arc, however, snob good bushmon that wo think we may safely hope they will give a good account of themselves, As, however, there is a possibility of their being snowed up, or being unable to cross some Hooded river, and consequently threatened with shortness of provisions, tho Minister of Lauda has, with commendablo promptitude, organised a search party, wh(oh, under oharge of Air. Surveyor Counsel, Wfll start at once, Constable Normoylp, and another good bushman who camp to town with him, with some fourth person, will probably con- stitute the party. They will make all haste to Crayoroft, and proceeding from that in, the direction of Macquarie Harbour will, by blaziug tracks and lighting fires on the tops of bills and other likely placea, try toattract theattention of the missing men, The difficulty is that as Mr. JoncB might have taken either of two routes, the relief party may take the other. Had timo allowed, and such a step been possible, it would have been more satisfactory could a party have left Macquarie Harbour and followed the explorers. As this is impossible in the aheencp of telegraph communication, it ia satis- factory that the next best means are to be at once adopted. We learn from the Minister of Lands that Govern- ment have to a certain extent changed their instructions to Mr. Thureau. The crushing plant of the Royal Tasman will soon tell the worth of Gladstone ; and Mr. Thureau has been instructed to first visit the Ben Lomond district, and report on the tin deposits there. He will afterwards proceed to Gladstone, and then carry out the programme pub- lished in yesterday's Mercury. The Telegragh department complained that we have deprived it of the merit of having spon- taneously adopted moana for relioving the measen, gera of the hardships they Buffered in long hours,' and tbo want of conveniences for taking their meals., ' It may be that a change was contemplated before we wrote, and that in the suggeation wo mado we' baye not the merrit of moving the Treasurer to a senBe of duty that we but called attention to the wrong, when a remedy had been arranged, and simply made a happy hit. We oaro not to argue the point. It is sufficient for us that our purpose has been gained. It may bo a coincidence-such strange ones occur-but it-is the fact that on tbo, day after our remarks appeared two now messengers wore added to the staff here, and tho like number at Launceston, and that the boya, instead of being on duty daily for 14 hours, will take it by turnB. We give the Treasurer the opportunity of avoiding another ooiucidenoo by telling bim that if immediate arrangements are not made to looato the Hobart operators in a reasonably healthy room, we will have to call attention to the insufferably heated atmosphere wbioh they have to breathe at night. A correspondent who signs himself "Safety Valve," writes to ua in connection with the lato railway accident in Victoria, suggesting that it would be wise on tho part of all who have the management of railways, to secure some contrivance by wbjch railway accidents .could be decreased. Our correspondant believes he has hit upon a scheme which would render it impossible for such an accident as the Victorian one to happen, and ho states that ho ia ready to BIIOW his diagrams at any time, The contenta of tho communication are at all events worthy of consideration. With reference to a letter signed "Common Humanity," which appeared in The Mercury of the 5th inst., wherein the writer complained of the conduct of the master of the s a. HaatingB in not taking some passengers from Three Hut Point to' Garden Island Creek, Mr. Joy, the master of the Hastings, and also one of the passengers who was on board tho steamer st the time the occurrence took place, wiite in explanation as follows ;-On the day named it was blowing strong from S.W., and consequent on the severity of the weather, the master of the steamer informed the passengers who wanted to go from Three Hut Point to Garden Island Creek that he would not be able to land them at the jetty there. He, however, offered to take them to Charlotte Cove, a place near to Garden Island Creek, and the only safe place to land at. But this accommodation they refused. In the report of the City Counoil in yesterday's isBue, .Alderman Seabrook ia made to say that "The coiumit'.ce had decided to carry out the work in lime cement not concrete." The sentence should bave read, "The committee had deoided to carry out the work in cement concrete not lime concrete." At the Civil Sittings held ycaterday, before His Honor tbo Chief Justice, in the Supreme Court, the only case Bet down for hearing was that of Buckland v. Pedder, a elaim for £07 in tho estate of the late John Woods, wharf porter. The caso occupied the whole day, and waa argued at length before His Honor. The evidence waa very con. dieting. A verdiot was returned for the defendant. Mr. Tarleton, P.M., presided on tho bench of the "City Police Court yesterday morning. Robert Blakey, charged with begging alms in Elizabeth street, was sentenced to bo imprisoned for three months. One malo and one female, charged with having boen drunk and incapable, were each fined 5s., or, in default, ordered to be imprisoned for seven daya. Henry Georgo Williams and Michael Dickens wera charged with having disturbed the peace in Liverpool-street on the 5th inst. They pleaded guilty, and were fined 10s. (¡A. each, or, iu default, ordered to be imprisoned for 14 days, The fourth entertainment of the season given by the St. John's Association took place last evening, in the schoolroom, Goulburn-street, and passed off moat sucoessfuly. There was a good attendance. The first part of the enteitiinment contained a pianoforto duet by Misses Hogg and Harris, and solos, Bung by Misses Hogg, Mccullagh, Solly, and E. Stuart, the second named lady receiving an encore. Included in the Becund portion were aonga by Misses Hogg, M. Stuart, Mccullagh (who was again encored), and Miss Powell. Mr. G. William- son sang in splendid style two Bongs, " I fear no foe " and "Jack's Yarn," and was recalled for bia second effort. The programme was relieved by tbe introduction of a recitation by Miss M. White, and the reading of Gilbert's delightful little play, Sweet- hearts, by Misses Lindley, White, and the Messrs. Reid. MÍBS Hogg played appropriate musio inci- dental to the piece, and thia lady also acoompanicd most of the songs given during the evening. The Hibernian Society gave a miscellaneous con- cert in St. Peter's Hall, Collins-street, last evening, in aid of the funds for repairing that build- ing. The attendance was very good. The pro- grame was a long one, but was earned through well, and created a favourable impression on the audience, who were loud with their applause. The best songs of the evening were undoubtedly these given by Mr. Harry Baker, the "Irish Bard," who gained genuine encroes for both his solos "The Irish Emigrant" and "The Beautiful Girls of Kildare." The Misses Thornton, two young ladies who have been trained by the nuns at St. Mary's Convent, were very successful, especially Miss Amy Thornton, who possesses a sweet voice and used it to sorne advan- tage. The young ladies rendered both solos and duets. Mr. H. Shirley was favoured with much applause for his two songs, whilst the remaining portion of the vocalists also came in for their respective share of approval according to their merits. Mr. Smith rendered two recitations with effect, and a comic reading by Mr. C. McCallan, caused great amusement. Another gentleman whose name was not on the programme was equally successful with a recitation. A hornpipe was per- formed by Master T. Ryan to the entire satisfaction of the onlookers who made him repeat his portion of the evening's entertainment. Of the instrumental part of the concert Miss Shields deserves much credit for the manner in which she acted as accompanyist throughout the whole evening, and Master O'Brien played selections on the piano in a manner which showed that, although such a little fellow, he had a good deal of control over the key-board. We may mention that St. Peter's Hall has been greatly improved during the last few days, and now presents a very cheery appearance. The inside of the hall has received some paint, and otherwise a good cleaning, whilst a considerable improvement has been effected by the erection of a neat little stage, with very handy appointments. A public meeting, nndcr the auspices of the Tas- manian Temperance Alliance, was held at _ the Bellerive Institute, on Monday evening, 5th inst. The attendance was very encouraging. Mr. John Chipman presided, and opened tho meeting by giving his experience of the benelits of total abstinence. Practical addresses «ero delivered by Messrs. Ifo, Lodge, mid Rev. Mr. Piilfrcyman ; readings by Rev. Mr. Finnis and Mr. Thompson ; a recitation by Mr. Marsdon; and singing by Messrs. Marks, Thompson, Phillips, Mrs. Robinson, and other friends. Daring tho meeting, Mr. Edgar Wing, in a kind and gentlemanly manner, took exooption to some of the sentiments put forth, and urged that in many instances moderation was pre- ferable to total abstinenco His arguments were replied to ia the same spirit by several members of the deputation, and after a few remarks by the Chairman, the meeting was brought to a close by the usual vote of thauks, and by Binging the National Anthem. This evening, the annual meeting of the Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association will take place at the Town Hall, and His Excellency Sir J. H. Lefroy will preside on the occasion. There are several important matters to bo brought forward, and it is expeated that there will be an unusually large attendance. There will, of course, be the annual report and statement of accounts to be sub- mitted, and it will be interesting to learn from tho committee the details concerning the large sum received from the bazaar, and also the progress that is being made in the çopipletiqn of the now ground, Mr. Stone, the manager of the Tennis Club, hss presented a brouaye raquette, as a fifth annual pius for a handicap content among the members. Con- ditions, the best of five sets. Twenty-two members enterçd, Wo have been fnrnishcci with the follow, ing particulars of tho first tips of the forthcoming matohi- Mr. Justine Dobson, half thirty to A. Dobîou ; Dr. Giblin, 15 and bisque to Dr. G. Butler ; L. Holden. 15, with one bitquo and half bisque to Rev. J. Buckland ; C. W. Butler, half thirty, bar (i ed ans, grille, and winning gallery, toC. Poynter j C. ii. l!ron)by, fifteen, «ud one pisque, qud bar dedans, to (i. Bailey ¡ Chas. Butler, half court and half fifteen, to W. Crosby, jun ; Butlor to play on the right of the lino from dedans ; E H. Butler, fifteen »ud bar grille and dedans, tu T, M. Evans ; Dr. Perkins, fifteen with one bisque, and bar dedans, to W. H. Buokland ; John Macfarlane, side walls, half fifteen «U.4 bar dedans, to W. H. Graham J Ç. y. Smith, har dedans and grjlje, to Rev. J. Q, Mace ; and A. !<. Travers, half fifteen, to S. S. Travers. We are pleased to bo ablo to say that the ayerago play has risen very highly during the last year, and the matches, we may predict with confi- dence, will bo more closely contested than ever, A football matpb will be played between the Now (Town Juniors and the Sjootch College Club to-day, at Now, Town, play to commenoo at 3 p.m. A specinl meeting of the Tasmanian Poultry I Sooiuty's Committee was held at the Mechanics' Institute, on Munday evening, Mr. R. C. Jenkins ppoupylng the oha¡r. Qn tho motion of Mr. Chap- man, seconded by M,r. Murdoch, tho list of prizes awarded at the reeeut annual exhibition, amounting to over £100, WUB passed for payment, the acoonnts af show expenses also hoiug approvod. Dairies for the Northern and Midland shows, to be held on tho 14th and 21st iuBt. respectively, were then received, nearly 70 being registered for Launceston, and about CO for Campbell Town. Delegates were appointed to take oharge of tho exhibits, and to represent the society at both exhibitions. A cordial vote of thanks was passed the donors of special prizes and the judges for their services, the meeting terminating in the customary way. Those exhi- bitors who, have not reogjved their prises aro re. quested to apply tq the treasurer, Mr. Bex, foe the same, without delay. A telegram has been received from Mr. Brad- shaw, Seoretary of the Northern Poultry Society, Stating that the total number of entries registered for the forthooming exposition is nearly 000 ; poultry, 241 exhibits; pigeons, 140; cage birds, 132; dairy produce, 80 ; so that the three- first-namod sections are capitally filled with competitors from different parts of the colony. With fine weather the suocess of previous years should bo repeated. Mr. J, Moore yesterday shipped, per Tasman, several pens of his valuable game fowls, pur- chased by Mr. Lord, of Sydney, at remunerative prices, -The quality of this fanoior's birds is well known throughout the colonieB, and wo are glad to note sitch a demand for his poultry Btock. Tho Itev.J. W. Simmons, of Hobart, delivered one of his interesting lectures in the Mechanics' institute, Franklin, on Monday evening, choosing or his subject, "Men of September," referring to several historical characters bom during that month. The Eev. J. M, Bayley occupied tho phair, and introduced the rev. lecturer, who, it is needless to say, delivered a very interesting addtces. Thore was but a limited attondanco, the state of tho roads and inclement weather that is just now visiting Franklin preventing much out-door visiting. Tho proceeds were in aid of the parsonage fund of the Congregational Church. Miss Lambert presided at the pianoforte.-Thomas Allsop was brought up at the Police Court, Franklin, on Monday, the 4th inst., oharged with having committed a criminal assault upon Mary Bronn, a married woman, residing at Mountain Uiver. Four witnesses were examined, and prisoner fully committed for trial, Mr. Walpole, S.M., presided. The Devon Herald of Siturday reports that a public meeting was held at Berber's Hotel on Thursday evening, to eonsider the advisableness of ppnatructing a tramway to Kentisbbury and Mount Claude. Tj]ere was a good attendance, amongst those present being Messrs. Geo. Atkinson, Barber, Sternberg, Ellis, Whitaker, BoitivriRhi-, T. Wiillipf, Jas. Bennett (Redgate), E. B.utlolt, Shirt, J. Lobley, eto. Mr, Sternberg was voted to tbo chair, and explained the objcot of tho meeting, referring to the advantages likely to acoruo from the establishment of a tramway to Kentisbbury, and, if possible, to Mount Claude. A conversational dis- | cussion took place as to whether the work should be undertaken by a private company, or the Government be petitioned to do it, the majority bpipg in favour of the former course, with an appeal to the Governrnent to subsidise the work. Eventually, on the motion of Mr. Berber, (seconded by Mr. Whitaker, thp 'following resplution was ! passed :-" That the following gentlemen be a committee to obtain all necessary information, and report to a public meeting on Thursday evening, September 15 :-MessrB. G. Atkinson, W. S, Allanby, S. Sternberg, It. Manley, B. S. Oppen- heim, T. Hainsworth, J. M. Dooley, II. Bauld, and G. I). Inglis." The meeting closed with a vote of thanks tp the Çhairrpan, A complimentary dinnpr (s^ys tho Pepon Herald of Saturday) was given last night to Mr. D. C. Urquhart, at Barber'« Hotel, when between thirty and forty gentlemen sat down to a spread which did infinite credit to Mr. and Mrs. Barber, the caterers. The tables were loaded with deljoa oies and wines of all kinds, and the guests mani. tested their appreciation of tho good things in a practical way. After tho substantiate had been disposed of, the chair was taken by Mr. H. Douglas, and the vice-chair by Mr. Geo. Atkinson., The usual loyal toasts were duly honoured, and the Chairman, iu very complimentary terms, then pro- pose 1 the health of the guest of the evening and MrB. Urquhart. Mr. Urquhart responded, acknow- ledging tbo oomplimeul on behalf of himself and Mrs. Urquhart, The otlior toasts-were "The Army and Navy," " Tbo Parliament of Tasmania," "The Ladies," and "The Press," whioh wore all dealt with in appropiiato terms, and acknowledged. With songs, reuitatioUB, etc., a very pleasant evening was spent. The Oatlandp ploughing match will take place on Saturday, September 17. ' , The concert'arrauged for next Friday craning ¡1} connection with the Excelsior Lodue,' I.Q.G.T., has been postponed until the following Friday. ' ", The Bishop of Melbourne's lecture on the "Poctriual Effects ¿f the New Version of tho New' Teatamout," reprinted from the Melbourne Argus, bos been pub- lished in pamphlet form, and may now bo obtained from Mr. W. Fletcher, of Liverpool-street. A conceit in poçnscfion with Trinity Associition is to bo held on Tuesday next, in the 'Trinity Hill school- room. The annual meeting of the Lomon Springs Cricket Club will be held at Mr. G, Munuings', on Saturday next, at J o'clock. 