DEATH OF EARL BE ACONSFIELD. -t-ti a worm will not be surprised, though it will experienoe a feeling of profound emotion on learning of the death of tho Earl of Beaconsfield, whioh took place at his residence, Mayfair, Lon don, on Tuesday morning, at the age of 76. Tho brat intimation of his lordship's illness came to hnnd by cable under date 29th Maroh, and from time to timo sinco then the bulletins issued have alternately afforded hope of his ultimnte re covery and expressed fears of his immediate de mise. England, whose Constitution tho deceased statesman has defended, and whose honour and credit lie has boon largely instrumental in con serving during tho Inst forty years, will experi ence a shook whioh will ponetrute throughout every fibre of the Empire, nnd tho great loss sho has sustained will be manifest by the sorrow of the people. It must be felt that ono of the most extraordinary men that ever courted publio favour in England has passed away, terminating ono of tho most remarkable and unprecedented careers to be found in the pages of English his tory. So exceptional, indeed, has been the career of tho Enrl of Boaconsfield, that it may safely bo said, without fear of trenching upon tile deserts of otlierB, that history contains no equal oxamplo of indomitable persoverance and brilliant achievement. His life, from the out set, was one of the greatest industry and ac-. livily, and his political, as well as his literary achievements, aro of such a high order as to en- titlo him to a foremost place among English litterateurs and statesmen. The world is fami liar with the fact that he was by descent a Jew. His works abound with instanoes of the pride lie felt in belonging to tlmt ancient race, not withstanding the fact that he was baptised ac cording to the rites of tho Christian Ohuroh when quite a child. Benjamin Disraeli, the Earl of Beaconsfield ,- was the son of Isaac Disraeli, and of Maria, daughter of JoBhua BaBevi, of Brighton, and was born at the south-west corner of Blooma- bury-square, faoing Hart-street, London, on the 27th of December, 1805. He was the second of four childreni Lord Beaconsfield's father, Isaao Disraeli, was wealthy, and a genial, respeotuble man of letters/who occasionally wrote books, but spent the greater portiou of his time either; in sooiety or in the seclusion of his library. His; ambition was bounded by his library,' his son's by the universe. Lard Beaconsfield was edu cated principally by private tutors, and being precocious, and having progressed rapidly, he took advantage of his father's position at an early age to obtain entrdo to good London so ciety. He was ready-tongued, witty, and good- looking, and is said to have soon made a promi nent figure at one of the most fashionable salons in that day. In his early years, he was subject to a double influence — the literary quiet of his father's house on the one lmnd, and the bustle of a brilliant society, includius tile eminent and tho great of tho earth, on the other. His sur roundings at once suggested literary activity and political ambition, and it was, therefore, no sur- priso to his friends that he became an author so early. '» His appearance at this time was -.'lingo-' larly handsome. " He. had long raven looks, oyqs bright with intelligence and vivacity, a; regular hose; and a complexion of - ultra- roman-! tic. pallor." He. was. a dandy, and wore " velvet coats of strange cut, flashing rings, and inter-' minablo. chains, taaselled canes, aud suoh like extravagances." ' 7 ' Disraeli,! writes N. P. Willis (' Pencilling! by tho Way,') has one of the most remarkable! faces I over saw. He is Iividly pale, and but for' the energy of his aotion a?d the strength of his: lungs, Lwould seem a viotim'.to bbnaumptionvHia: eye is black "as Erebus, land has the 'most; tnogking and lying-in-wait sort of expression-' conceivable;.! His mouth is alive with a kind of; working and impatient nervousness; and 'when! he has burst forth, as.he does constantly, with a.; particularly successful cataract of expression, it: assumes a curl of triumphant scorn that wo.uld bo worthy . of a Mophistopheles. His hair is as extraordinary as his taste in waistcoats. A thick heavy mass of jet blaok ringlets falls over his left cheek almost to his collarless stock, while on the right temple it is parted and put away withlhe smooth carefulness of a girl's/and shines most unctuously." " ' Many years ago, upwards of twenty,' writes Mr Madden, the biographer of the Coun tess of' Blessington, 'I frequently met Mr Dis raeli at Lady Blessington'a abode, in Seamore place. It needed no ghost from the gravej or rapping spirit from the invisible world, to pre dicate, even then, the success of the young Dis raeli in publio life. Though' in . general sooiety he was habitually silent au'd . reserved, he was closely observant. It required generally a sub ject: of more than common interest to produce the fitting degree of enthusiasm to animate him, and to stimulate him into the exercise of his marvellous powers of conversation. When duly excited, -howover, his command Of language was truly wonderful, his power , of sarcasm unsur passed ; the readiness of his wit, the quickness of his perception, the grasp of mind that en- abjed him to seize on all the parts of any sub ject under discussion, persons only would call in question who had never been in his company at. the period I refer to." Lord Boaconsfield. commenced his career by connecting himself with a new morning news paper, the Representative. He was not an im mediate suaooss ps a journalist, so he turned his attention to book-writing, and produced n re markable political novel, entitled "Vivian Grey," .which was arionorrnous success.. It was everywhere popular, because of its satire and cynicism, and the wholesale manner in . which the author introduced tho most prominent characters of the timo under flimsy and trans parent covers. The motto of the book was " The world's mine oyster," arid the principle which the hero followed was " a smile for a friend and a sneer for tho world." He obtained u seat for Maidstone in the first Parliament elec ted by ballot immediately after the accession of Queen Victoria, in 1837, and ho made his me morable maiden speech in the House of Com mons on tho 7th of Decembor in that year. His speech was a failure, and he conoluded with tiieso words : — " I am not at all surprised at the reception I havo experienced. I have begun several timos many things, nnd I have often suc ceeded nt last. I will sit down now, but the timo will come when you will listen to mo 1" This prophecy has been amply fulfilled. Ho gradually mado his way in the debates of the Bouse of Commons, and on the defeat of the Whigs in 1841, ho changed to the constituency of Shrewsbury, for whioh place he was relumed. Up to 1841, Mr Disraeli had supported the Peel Administration, but during the dobnto on the sugar duties lie abused Sir Robert as roundly as he had previously praised him, and bitterly at tacked tho policy of tho Government. The Go vernment wore defeated on tlio division, as has already been statod, and they appealed to the country to deoido tlio question at issue. Prior to t his, howovur, an important change had taken place. Mr Wyndhain Lewis, who was roturned along with Mr Disraeli for Mnidstono in 1838, died in tho following yoar; and in August of 1839, liia widow, who posioas'ed a large fortune, married Mr Disraeli. Henceforth ho aoted closoly with the Conservatives. Ho published i " Ooningsby " in 1844, in which lie sought to explain, under tho garb of fiction, the creed and doctrines of the Young England party, and ho again essayed tlio task in " Sibyl, or tho Two Nations," in the following yoar. Mr Disraeli had obtained oredit for the manful stand ho had taken up with rogarcl to the question of foreign policy, particularly with rogard to the Afghan war and the Russian interference, in which he was supported by Mr Roebuck. In 1845 things woro riponiug for Mr Disraoli. Parliament was openod on 22nd January, 1846. The address ill reply to tho Queen's speech was proposed by Lord Francis Egorton, and seconded by Mr BeakettDenisou, both converted Protectionists >and when they had concluded, Sir Robert Peel : rose, and entered, into lengthy explanations of the break-up and subsequont reassembling of his Cabinet in November and Deoember of the pre vious year. After Dir Robert Peel had sat down Lord.John Russell got up and gave his version of his futile nttempts to form a Government. " When the noble lord ooncluded," writes Mr Disraeli, " the House, whioh during the evening hod rarely been excited, was tame and dispirited. . . . It soomod that the curtain was about to fall, and certainly not to the disadvantage of the Government, In their position, the first night of tho session-, passed in serenity, wns com paratively a triumph. With the elements of opposition, however considerable, so inert and desponding, tho first night might give the cue to tho country. Perceiving this, a member (Mr Disraeli), who, though on the Tory benches, had been for two sessions in opposition to the Minis try, ventured to rise and attack the Minister." It was a bold and a successful attack, and had the effect of cheering on the Conservatives, who renewed the charge which ultimately resulted in their advent to power. The leader of the party was Lord George Bentinck. Mr Disraeli gradu ated into the position of one of the chiefs of the party, and when Parliament was dissolved hi July, 1847, he sought a new constituency. He left Shrewsbury and was returned for Bucking hamshire, whioh oonstituoncy ho ha3 continued to represent up to tho present day. On the death of Lord George Bentinck, Mr Disraeli assumed the lead of the Conservative party in the House of Commons and the step to the Chancellorship of the. Exchequer, under Lord Derby, was materially assisted by the disorganis ation of parties which occurred after the defeat of the Government in 1852. He occupied tha same position in each of Lord Derby's three Ad ministrations, nnd on tho resignation of that nobleman in February, 1868, he was appointed Prime Minister of England by Her Majesty; which office he resigned at the end of the year. He introduced his first Budget on the 30th April and the speech he delivered on the occasion was as bold and remarkable as any that was ever delivered in the House. Lord Derby resigned on the 25th of February, 1868, in consequence of serious indisposition, and Mr Disraeli received a lotter from the Queen, stating that he had been selected as the successor to the Premiership. A curious incident was connected with 'this an nouncement of the Queen's intention.! Her Majesty's secretary at that time was General Grey, whom we know long ago as Colonel Grey,: and as a candidate for the representation of High Wyoombe. It was the successful rival of his yopth- that was the bonrer to Mr. Disraeli. of- the letter announcing his accession to the object of> his lifelong ambition. On 27th February, Mr: Disraeli kissed hands on his appointment, and two days afterwards he signalised his accession: to office by appointing. Lord Cairns as successor in the Chancellorship to Lord Chelmsford: On! 5th March, Mr Disraeli took his seat in the: House of Commons' for the firattime as Premier. : He made a very short speech; arid1 there was no- thing particularly dehnite in what, he said. : He! could only state that his'' pdlioy would be one of> peace/ but riot of peace at' any price j that it would be a liberal policy— a " truly 'liberal": polioy. He did not long: enjoy the ; poaition. On being defeated shortly afterwards ori a reso lution- tabled' by Mr .Gladstone, Mr Disraeli dis solved the House, but was beaten arid succeeded by.Mr Gladstone. On the Liberal .Government being. defeated: on the Irish- University Bill by, a majority' of three (12th March, 1873), Mr Glad stone tendered his resignation to Her Majesty, and tho Queen having accepted it, sent for Mr Disraeli, who, however; deolined to take offiae under the oirouiristances.' Mr Gladstoneaccord- irigly;rebonstru.cted -'his', Cabinet, and femiined.in office '".till thfe commericBtherit of' the following year;, when) most unexpectedly,, after the Parlia ment had been' summoned to, meet for the despatch of business, he raBhly resolved on an appeal to the nation. ' The returns of the general election— the! first, which occurred under the- sys tem of ballot— was completed on 27th February, 1874, arid showed-.a total of 351 Conservatives and 302 Liberals, inclusive of the . Home Rulers, whose allegiance to the Liberal oause was by no means to be reliecj on. Of course, Mr Gladstone, without daring to meet Parliament/ at once resigned, and Mr Disraeli succeeding him in' tlio Premiership, formed his Cabinet early in March'. Mr Disraeli waa elevated to the peerage by .the ti.Ie of the Earl of Beaconsfield, ! 6th' August, 1875\. Together with the office of First Lord of the Treasury, he held that of Lord President of the Council from August, 1876, .till February; 18Y8. His polioy, whioh was severely criticised at the time with regard to the Eastern Question, l-eBulted in the assembling of ..the Congress of Berlin, at which the .Earl of, Beaoonsfield and tho Marquis of Salisbury assisted as the pleni potentiaries of Great Britain. . Lords .Beacons field and Salisbury, on returning to London on the 16th,. were met by a most enthusiastic re caption at Charing Cross, and were eritiblcd to announce .that they: had; 'brought back; peace with honour,!' ;C)n the 22nd. July Lord ,Beacons- field'was, invested by the Queen with the 'Order of the Garter. Lord Beaconsfield was ari honor ary D.O.L. of Oxford and Edinburgh, a Privy Councillor, a trustee of the British Museum, a governor , of Wellington College, an Elder Brother of the Trinity House, a trustee of the National -Portrait Gallery, and a deputy'-lleu- tenaht for Bucks ; arid was a Royal Commis sioner of the Great Exhibition of 1851. He whs installed Lord Rector of the University of Glas- goiv 19th November, 1873, and re-elected to that office in November, 1874. In acknowledge ment of her husband's official services, Mrs Dis raeli was raised to the peerage of the United Kingdom as Viscountess Beaconsfield, 28th No vember, 1868. ' She died 15th December, 1872, aged 83. At the .'general election in 1880, Lord: -Beaconsfield was beaten iii. the constituencies, 'arid gave place to Mr Gladstone. Shortly after his retirement from office he published the latest arid most startling of his political novels .under the. title of " Endymion,!' which has .only, just been reviewed in the Press. 