BREVIA. A gymnasium is apoken of at Stawell. Mr Graves speaks at Mansfield on Monday. The whole of the Newington new issue of shares have been placed. The Governor visited the Bacchants on Wednesday. The Hereford is now in a. better condition than ever,'and leaves for London to-day. . t ' Miss Pomeroy is drawing large houses m At Stawell call day is termed “ Ghost Wed nesday.” . - It .is intended to start a slaughtering and freezing company at Ecbuca . Mi D. Gauhson, M.L.A., is not in very good health. _ , Hon. R. D. Reid is to address West Bonrke electors on Saturday. _ All Chinese arriving at the Heads in vessels from China are to be vaccinated.. A'atrong company has been formed to pro spect for coal at WilliamstowD. _ . ■ Anew Homoeopathic Hospital ia projected in Melbourne. , . The Telegraph, a bi-weekly evening paper, is to be published at Launceston.. _ _ Mr G. Thureau ia reporting on mining affair* in Tasmania. * Mr William Pearson, of Kilmany Park, is.to, be a candidate for the Eastern Province. The effect of the . Crown Cross United dis covery at Stawell has been to send Crown Cross Extendeds up from 26s to £3* ■. . Lynch, the victim of the Mitiamo shooting case, is slowly recovering in the Bendigo Hospital. Embroidery is seen upon underwear.— Fashion Items. This is one of the statements that'mankind takes on faith. The Board of Health recommend that .all members of tho police force be re-vacoinated. Many are already under the operation. Three seafaring men have been arrested at Echuca on suspicion of being deserters from the squadron. " ' , Professor Pearson sailed on Wednesday by the Trafalgar along the Murray to Morgan, South Australia. • 1 . Lieutenant Goalen, formerly of Adelaida, who lately left for England, haß been appointed Admiralty surveyor in Canada. The South Australian Assembly has nega tived payment of members by a majority of sixteen votes. Mr Castieau received a present of a hand some gold watch on leaving the governorship of Melbourne gaol. - - : • The Hereford takes one of the most valuable, cargoes which have ever left Melbourne, con sisting of tallow, leather, copper, wool, _ Bridget Manning, an elderly woman living, at dunes, was severely burned recently by the sleeve of her dress catching fire. Hon. W. Wilson will not contest Ararat. He intends to offer himself as a candidate for .one of the early vacancies in the Upper House. ! It seems to ba well assured that if the Ministry get back safe and sound Mr Mirams is to ba their Treasurer. ’ : The annual ball of the Melbourne Licensed Victuallers’ Association takes place at the Athenaeum on Wednesday next, 20ik The Maryborough Standard thinks the time opportune to push for the Dunolly and Ingle wood railwiy. The Portland Guardian thinks the Cabinet the most contemptible Administration that tho colony over gave birth to. - At Geelong yesterday a woman named Sarah M'Gee was sent to gaol for fourteen days for Stealing a perambulator. Edward Mansfield was yesterday fined in Geelong for trying tp secure a free passage by the eteamer Alert. * David Robertson, of tho firm of Davies and Robertson, was yesterday committed for trial at Sandhurst for theft of partnership articles. It is stated that the Ministerial, policy.in cludes the reduction of the beer tax to one shilling per gallon, and an income or property tax. : Tho Boston Poet has learned .the. enormous capacity for profanity afforded by the English language in the example; of a parrot, which epeaka two hundred and fifty words. The steamship Galley of Lorno, from Foo chow, with 1390 tons of the new season’s teas on board, arrived at the Heada on Wednesday, and was quarantined. Mr Bant on Wednesday promised to a deputation ho would place £5OOO * on the Estimates to complete the Tambo Vale road.. Mr M’Kean introduced the deputation. Wileannia Progress Committee has resolved to urge on Government the desirability of pur chasing a diamond drill to test the Mount Browne diggings.. . ' j ---*; • In the South Australian Parliament there,is a Mr Dixson, who is a member for Light., .We suppose the Assembly is frequently treated to “ Dixson’s gas," The hearing of the Equity appeal—Chong Goon v tho Reform Gold Mining Company— will take place in the Supreme Court on Mon day next. The prospectus of a company to buy 230 acres of land - at . Parkside , for'' £44,000, ia 22.0C0 Bhares of £2 each, ha 9 been published. in South Australia. -- - '• ' -- ,The Salt Creek .Petroleum Boring Company, South Australia, has obtained white shale at a depth of 351 feet, which when retorted yielded both oil and gas." : At the annual fete given'to the London Sunday Schools’ choirs at the Crystal Palace, a concert was performed by the children; who \- numbered 5500. ■ With regard to the Educition Commission . the Telegraph thinkß—“ Asa matter of tactics, tho move is a mistake, and as a matter of policy, it is not urgent.” . The custom of wearing false hair, baa pene trated even"to Japan, several of the Japanese ladies having, adopted it, and expressed much approval of it. An Argus cablegram states that meetings of Orangemen, at which the proceedings of the Land * League are strongly' condemned, are becoming much more numerous in Ireland. ; The Qeelong Times is informed that a well known tradesman in the town will figure as defendant in an affiliation case next Monday. It is more than probable, however, that a compromise will be effected. ; An Argus Wellington telegram states that instructions have been issued that the detached squadron must be quarantined at Auckland until twelve days after the date of its departure from Sydney. Frederiak Anderson, a labourer, admitted into the Sydney Infirmary on Monday; suffer ing from the effects of drink, threw himself from a window of his ward, and felt 39 feet. He. died shortly afterwards. A respectable-looking turn, Elwin Cocks, was fined £2 at the Syduey Police Court on Wednesday for having caused a disturbance in the Domain last Sunday week through his per sistency in preaching to a crowd. ' It haß besn ascertained that the human re mains found in the Exhibition grounds, Ade laide, are the perfect skeleton of a male aborigine, and must have been buried from 40 to 50 years ago. The Central Board of Health have, in a report forwarded to this Government, recom mended the re-vaccination of everyone, young and old, who has not been successfully vacci nated within the last ten years. Charles M'Bride, age three years, son of a mounted constable at Goornong, sustained a. .fracture of the right thigh whilst playing at the railway station through a slab falling on him. v v.-,, i-; \- In an exhibition Milliard match at Calcutta lately, Cook made fifty- seven consecutive canonß, which is the largest number ever made on an English table, being one more than Roberts made in Bombay some years ago. The Telegraph thinks it necessary that the hierarchy of the “ great liberal party ” should hold an (Ecumenical Council to define what tbe orthodox faith is, and who are its inspired and infallible apostles. The Hamilton Spectator Bays that a few days ego a fox waa chased on the Messrs Hatton Bros, estate at Penshurst, and, after an ex citing run, got away in the rough, Btony country. Here it is again 1 Says an exchange“ A -well-known citizen, who has tried the remedy with success, informs ns that a fresh potato, carried in the pocket, is a certain preventive of rheumatie gout.” A twelve-year-old lad named Hamilton struck a little girl named Minnie Black in the thigh with a penknife, and was arrested for stabbing. The boy explained the occurrence was an acci dent, and was discharged. The son of the Rev. Mr Draper, who was committed to Pentridge for embezzling the funds of the Colonial Bank, has ended an adventurous career in Christchurch, New Zealand, by taking chloral. According to the Qeelong Times soandal is prettv rife at the little township of the Break water over the misconduct of a well-known resident at that place, and a prepossessing young lady, also a resident of lha same locality. A notification by the London Post-office authorities states that the ordinary adhesive penny receipt stamp may be used as a penny postage stamp, and.tha adhesive penny postage : stamp may be_ used as an ordinary penny; receipt stamp. ■ . - . . _ - A celebrated- flsh i has died in Franca, “ Fanny,” one of the fattest carp in the lake at Foutainbleu. “ Fanny ” is helieved to U»ve bwn bon ia tbs ruga of Frauwsl-, utl at tbs time' of 'her- 'deatK-wa« wellon ; towards4Qo years old. ' ... _ r The electric light— Brush'system—is now beiog employed in the foreign newspaper- room, General. Post-office., The temperature and light are both greatly improved, 16 lamps of 2000- candle power taking the place advantageously of the previously used 400 gas jets. According to the Hamilton Spectator': cor respondent Sir John O’Shanassy’s breach with Sir Byran is affected, and hia trip to Sydney, daring the elections have keen purposely arranged t 0... allay the “ Education Act-in danger” scare. The Wesleyan Alderehofc and Chatham Soldiers’ and Sailors’ Home was opened recently by. the Duke and Duohesa of Con naught. This is the first, though, it is to be hoped, far from the last, Wesleyan institution opened by a member of the Royal Family. • The Herald of last night calls-attention to the funny fact that the Hon. R. D. Reid published his . vatedictory address to _ the electors of the North-Western Province, whereas he represents the Eastern Province. The gentleman dees not seem to know which province he represented. . By the last mail from England the Young Men’s Christian Association received another donation of £5O from Mr George Williams, of St. Paul’s Churchyard, London, and a cheque for £5O from Mr William Lewis, of Stoueleigb, Beaufort, collected by him for the same purpose. . • Bisquit, Debouche, et Cie are to blame for getting up their brandy in neat little flasks, containing, from three to sir nobblers. A publican informs a Melbourne newspaper writer that his best customers for these flasks are ladies, who buy them to have a quiet tipple. • If we keep bh getting up scratch Ministries (says a Melbourne correspondent), there will not be a member of the House who will not be an “honourable.” I had .the. curiosity to look over the list, and find that with past and present Ministers there .are, out of 86 members, 31-gentlemen who have held or hold portfolios, of more than a third. The Launceston Examiner says the state.- ment of the revenue and expenditure of the colony of New South Wales.. for the half-year endiog the 30th ult, and the quarter ending -the same date, ' with comparative returns, &c.;, were actually published within twelve hours after the financial periods named, and it thinks other colonies might take pattern. - So many graves have been robbed of their contents in the New York cemeteries that a gentleman, who had lost his daughter, re- Bolved on placing dynamite in the spot where ■he was interred in such a manner as to render an explosion inevitable should the grave be molested. The desecration he feared occurred, one of the men concerned in the aot losing his life from the. injuries he then received. It is t» be hoped that his fate may put a atop to the revolting practice. . Mr Vale is a teetotaller, but, if what.l.hear is.true (writes the Bendigo Independent's cor respondent), he wsb the cause of the employees in the Government Law Offices going in for the biggest “ spree” on record. When he cleared out on Saturday, I am told that tears of joy were shed by tbe sentimental, and whoops and breakdowns indulged in by those more merrily inclined, while that evening even the more abstemious lost their heads in drink ing to bis “deep damnation" and eternal banishment. There is (the Melbourne correspondent of the Independent says) a big scandal at a fashion able seaside suburb, and a handsome young civil servant is at the bottom of it. The lady, the wife of a flourishing merchant, is of that age when, according-to Hamlet— . The heyday of the blood is tame, ■ It's hamble, and waits upon the judgment. But, for. all that, she could not resist Cupid. There has been a great ehevo over it, aud I hear the lady is to go home to England. The young swell has lost a rich wife through it, his intended breaking off the engagement.- What a ' comical - creature man is, and especially woman 1 . .... , 