By the strict letter of the law a lieutenant- oolonel of New South Wales volunteers in receipt of salary and forage allowance (to cover bare expenses) is undoubtedly " a person hold- ing an office of profit under the Crown," The " consuetude," however, of the British Parlia- ment regards military and naval officers, whether regular, yeomanry, militia, or volun teer, as eligible for election to the Commons House. Tho " consuetudo " of the New South Wales Parliament has also recognised as valid the return to the Assembly of a paid volunteer officer in the case of Major Shepherd. As Mr. Garrett said in the debate on Mr. J. P. Abbott's resolution re Lieutenant-Colonel Hoi. borow : — " If their Conatitntion Aot were the same ob that of Great Britain be had no donbt Major Holborow would be proved to have been pro perly qualified to be returned, because iD Great Britain militia officers were permitted to hold eats in the House of Commons. Hero the law wae defined by statate, and their statute was silent so far aB militia and volunteer officors holding seats were concerned, although it was not so with regard to naval and military officors, end it appeared to him that if it wore contem plated extending exemption from disqualification to officers of volunteers it wonld havo been so etated. The only qnestion for the committee to deoide was purely one of law." We admit that the particular question for the aommittee on elections and qualifications is merely one of law. But what if the law, rightly interpreted, be found to recognise paid, military officers as eligible for election to m v»as4lXSOUti i JJOCS anilgui UlJUCl MICH u provision 1 Mr. Abbott evidently imagines that it does. He said : — "If it were competent for the hon, member (l(r. Hplborow) to aocept the position of lieu tenant-colonel, it would be equally competent for any other hon. member to do the same, and they 'iibiild. have qnite an army of paid members in tftiBodsa. What he complained of was the foot th a 1 1 hi s li eut o n an t - c o 1 o n e 1 sat in bis posi tion and discussed the volunteer estimates tho other night, and actually took part in the debate n the very salary which wbb to ba voted to him self. That waa a state of things whiob should not be allowed to exist, for it was quite possible men mighji jret'nrned to Parliament who looked upon an inpbme of £100 a year as an ample re muneration for serving in the House. He did not for. one moment mean to say that the hon. member wonld be inflnenced in hia vote one way or the other, bnt it was quite possible that other members eleoted in the same way might be in fluenced in their votes by a Minister of the Crown." Our -own opinion is that adherence in thi elasa of cases to the " oonsuetudo " of Parlia ment would be a wiser course than any en. deavour to enforce the oxact lotter of the law too rigidly. The practice of military and naval officers sitting in the House of Commons has been iound to work well. It has not led to the upholding of " service " abuses ; but, contrariwise (as history will show), military and naval members have frequently taken the lead in important liberal reforms. In New SJoulh Wales tho officers of volunteers are elected by their companies. They may there fore be said to be representative men of proved fitnesB. Why then should the community be de- prived of their services in Parliament out of any insane suspicion that the Assembly should wax Chauvinistic through an over access of the military element ? Besides, what of technical military talent the colony possesses should certainly be represented in Parliament. An Assembly from which were excluded the more experienced soldiers and sailors of the State especially of a State whose defence force was mainly based on the volunteer system — would be unequal to its- duties. In time of war say of foreign invasion— when every male adult capable of bearing arms would naturally be a volunteer— would it not be absurd to enact that the best of them — the leaders should, because of certain trifling allowances granted them, be barred from lending their experience to the Councils of the State in the hour of emergency 1 We trust that the com mittee on elections and qualifications will abide by the precedent set in Major Shepherd's ease. As the Premier said during the debate— " The petition sgainst Major Shepherd's return was based on tb.e.fact that ho was receiving pay aa major ofvoluuteers. There was no allega- tinn-that-ie '.'wae; improperly elected', and the committee of eleotionB and qualifications, pre- mded over by the hon. member for Newtown, who was reputed to be a pretty sound lawyer, reported that he was properly elected, and eligible for a seat in that Assembly. That seemed to govern the present case, so for as precedent waa concerned." If in conservative times, in the " home oountry " of the monarchy, the presence in the Commons House of soldiers- or sailors— duly elected by the -people—has for nearly two centuries been productive-of good rather than of ill— if it has tended to liberal reforms and the " bursting up " of Tory abuses, why should anyoue expect evil to ensuo in a democratic colony from the presence in its Legislative Assembly of volunteer military men, who only by a great strain of the imagination can bo conceived to be bound to the Crown in such a sense as were the marshals of Napoleon 1 In forbidding judges and the groat law officials to hold seats in Parliament, the due representation of the legal talent is not thereby forbidden. But in forbidding volunteer officors of either service to enter the Assembly, the persons best qualified to assist tho Legislature with special technical experience would be as a class pre vented from affording the State that needful help — and for no solid reason, but out of tho mere shadow of the ghost of an absurd alarmist idea. 