? WHAT IT MUST COME TO; OR FOUR HUNDRED YEARS HENCE. I I "ANNIE, my cear, what are you doirg?" i said ilrg. Mohawk to her daughter. f " 1 am sending a letter of congratnlation to Bessif, mamma, but the machine will keep writing about urtchi's funeral, and I am poai'ivdy tirtd correcting its errore." " You have not turned the proper stop, I see," said Mrs. Mohawk; "you have left the Mourning etop a littie. See ; now I have turned on the full Wedding spring. It will work well, you will find." Oo, thanks, mother. There, I have now finished capitally. Bessie won't mind a few erasures. She know's that the automatdm is not quite perfect yet. Now, I must have this postoit." She rosH as she spoiie and touched an elc-isirifi bsll. A slight movement was heard outciiJe. avd in a few moments a mechiisical lootman entered quietly, and held out his band for the letter. A epriug waB touched. The figure bowed respectfully, and, turning rcuad, glided calmly and silently from the apaitment. " I cannot think how any civHieed people ever lived with fellow- creatures for their servants," said Mrs. Mohawk, as ths figure left tbe room. " Oar servants are most inf-xpeneive, and no trouble." "0<i, mamma, don't you recollect the worries we bad over Jane, the self-acting nursemaid. How she would take Charley and Rise out the wrong way till we oiled ber. She was screwed too tight, the man said." T;;a*. is a complaint our Bnceetors found in : their servants too, F believe. But OM meohauicai cook is perfection." " Yes, at last. I eiiali never forget the trouble we had when General Fisks came to dinner. She went on stirring the gravy till it ali had boiled away ; and do you recollect the pancskes ? She would not stop tossing until papa undid her, and stopped her machinery altogether. Poor General! how disappointed he wa3 about the coffee ! She stood quite still then, and wouldn't work a bit!" " Yes, my dear, yon are right. Servants are certainly sometimes a trouble even now. But who's that?" As Mrs. Mohavik spoke, a gentle ring waa heard in the chimney-piece, and a photograph sprang out. " It ia Mr. Addin, mamma," said Annie, blushing. " May he come in ?" 11 Certainly, dear. He is a very well- behaved young man. I like him very much." Annie waited no second bidding. She touched a spring, and a panel moved. In a few momantB Mr. Addin came sliding up like the ghost in the " Corsican Brothers." He greeted Aunia warmly, and her mother respeotfuliy. " I have jast been to see the Frying Bace," he &aid.; " The City Champion will win, I think. He appears very strong," " How far do the men fly, Mr. Addin ? " asked Mrs. Mohawk. " Turee hundred miles, there and baok, as they say. 1 was very nearly going up with them, but my new wings have not been sent home. It is very provoking." " I am glad you didn't, Mr. Addin. Now have you anything to tell as about the pic-nic on Thursday," said Annie. "Oh, yes—I almost had forgotton. Let me see. There will be five balloons, and Mrs. Hankey will ehaperone ours; for I believe you and I are to be in the same balloon." Here Frank Addin paused, and Annie reddened, and said, " Is that all ?" " Oh, no! ^ We are to go as far as Jersey if the wind is favourable; ii not, we will work down to where that old watering place used to be—what iB it?—Dover—yeg —down to the seaside, and then cross the Bridge, and so to France," "How delightful! I da hope the wind be favourable for Jersey," exclaimed '' But if the wind ba unfavourable, you not be able to return by balloon, I said Mrs. Mohawk. " Well, perhaps not; at least not all of us. Canny is going to pack up hia air and he will carry us home, three at time. Bat I think we had better fly. It not far." " You must wrap np well, Annie. I cannot you flying by night without a wrap in pocket in case of necessity." "I will take care of Miss Mohawk; you depend upon me," said Addin, with a < over's glance at Annie. " My wings are very trong, and I can support her. I should like o do 60," he murmured to himself. "Oh, my own wings will support me amously," replied Annie. " But I am mach bliged to you." " Ob, Mr. Addin, will you please let out a ittle cold air? This room is very warm, I hink." said Mrs. Mohawk. Addin turned a stop-cook, and a stream of old air was gently dispersed through the oom. "I Tjas really afraid our bottled Solar eat had escaped the other day," said Agjr. ddin, aa he sat down. " The hpuse was so readfully warm! But it was only a caloric ube that was leaking." " It was fortunate It was no worse," said rs. ^ohawk. «'But mast you go ? Do'stop p-dinner; Mr. Mohawk will be very glad to ee yon." " Where is he now ?" asked j^raak, when ie had gratefully accepted the invitation. I have not met him very lately." " He is up at the North Pole," replied rs. Mohawk. " I wish he would not go to hose common tourist places. I do all I oan,. at he will persist in seeing 1 life in all its hases,' aa he calls it. I'm sore X will never o to saoh a orowded place agaio." "We didn't like it at all," continued Annie. It was so terribly depressing at times. It was ail very well for the first week, before tbe excursion balloons began to run, and then it became unbearable even. There were some curiosities np there—some boats and some ice in sheets under a refrigerator in tbe museum were very oarious. They had been picked up many hundred years ago." " How interesting 1" said Addin. " Shall I tell Mr. Mohawk you expect him to dinner ?' " Please. You will find tbe telephone cn that *ab!e. By-the-bye, have ycu heard our new Opera Envelopes ? " Not yet. I ordered a set of Matti's songs and a few duet's for onr club parties, but I have not opened them." "Well, you shall hear a Matii row. Ws have quite a supply. Annie, dear, fetch >r,e that pucket in the left-hand drawer of VJV writing secretary. Now, Mr. Addin, yoa shall hear oar new soprano." She opened the envelope, and immediately a beautiful voice began to sing an operatic air. " How lovely exclaimed Frank. " Where is Matti engaged now ? " "In Vienna," replied Annie. "We purchased tbese only yesterday for one shilling eacb. We shall have a du^fc tbiH evening, and eome instrumental music. It is much better than going to a hot theatre this weatbor, ana no in: re rxpensive.' " Yes, 1 find our Comic Singer's box very useful at our club parlies. We pat it on the table, and it gives us the most amusing BODga. But, Mrs. Mohawk, i! you will permit me, I will go and drees and return at seven. My clothes are on my " double" at home. "We would rather see you than your aonhle, though that savts a great deal of trouble. You remember that ancient nurBery rhyme beginning 'Double, double, toil and trouble.'" Yue, but my friend, Filler Jones, pot into real trouble the other evening. He keep8 two mechanical doabios always—one in morning, the other ui evening dress. By means of bis phonograph he fills them with conversation sailed to the company he wishes them to mix in. He was out of town wben an invitation came to a dinner party, and Jones wrote to his sister to F.cnd the double iu the evening dress. The massage somehow was misunderstood, and she sent the one in morning dress to Lady Fiddler's big dinner 1" 4 1 Dear me, how unfortunate I" "Oh, but that's not the worst!" continued Frank Addin. " The figure in the morning dress had been fitted for very different society, and consequently with different topics of conversation. So after dinner it began to tell some very curious if amucing anecdotes, and laughed so loudly at its own jokes, which had been intended for Jones's bachelor dinner-party, that Lady Fiddler had the 'double' oarried home, with a message that Jones need not trouble to call again. Dreadful, waBn't it?" " Ob, qaite too dreadfully horrible, really. Poor Lady Fiddler, I am eo sorry for ber." " Do yoa happen to remember any of the anecdotes?" asked Mrs. Mohawk in a low voice, as her daughter quitted the room. " 1 am afraid I don't," replied Frank, " but I'll send np Jones's double if you like." "Oh, no, thank yon, do not mipd. Well,, if you'll excuse me, I'll go upstairs now, and mind we see you a> seven — not your. «double.'" " You may depend upon nw,' replied tfia young man an he withdrew. And now Frank Addin determined to pat in practice an idea he had long been considering. He was desperately ia love with Annie, but had not the courage to declare hfs Sflection ; indeed, etiquette in A.D. 2280 did not sanction any personal proposal. So he slipped a piece of his into the phonographuf-ed almost exclusively by Annie, and breathing into it vows of * the strongest affections, left it, trusting to her reading it b&foie; dinner. Suddenly the idea that some one else might find it flashed upon him, and he removed the slip of tin; but becoming reassured, he replaced it, as ho fancied, and descending the sliding panel as b-'lore, called AN EU ntrintrioyolo, and ia a tow eeooedc TTOIB at his lodgings. * He quickly washed and dresBed by machinery, and hurried by the same conveyance to the house of his charmer, hoping to find her his own at last. He called upon Jones en route, to leave a phonographic message he had for him, and aa he ascended by the sliding panels, kept his attention alive for the sound of the ardent proposal he expected, bat only tbe following words met his ear. He had put in the wrong slip J HOKBOR !!. This is what he heard— " Bother your old party. I don't want to go to it, and as to HEB, do you think I care for her? Not a scrap! I really love another, but I make believe sometimes, of course. I'll join you later perhaps.— FBAHK." " Mr. Addin, what is the meaning cf this ? Do you dare to BO insult me ! You implied you had a message fer me. Is that it ? i shall never speak or telephone to you agVj." This waa his Annie's greeting. " My dearest Annie, it's a terrible retake. This is the faot. Listen 1 I waa 'asked to a party by Jones. I deolined in t^oae words. I fanoied I had left him thai Eji p . But—" Frank paused. "You don't mean to ' Bay thftt there ia another slip intended io r me i n Mr. Jones's possession— ?" cried ^nnie, blushing violently as the full mep; n i og c f the contents of the slip flashed up' on her. You never left it." Fiank was dismayed. He had 16ft his proposal to A'anie at the wrong house. He had not dared to propose by word of mouth; it was not, as we have said, considered etiquette iu A.D. 2280 to do such a thing viva voce. So Frank had left it in the phonograph almost exclusively used by MisB Mohawk, and behold the result. Without a word in his defence, he gilded down, and was flashed by express current to JOUCB'S house. Jones has jn6t come in, and ju6t about to turn the handle of bis phonograph to ascertain if any messages had been left by telephone or otherwise. " Hold a moment, Jones," exclaimed Addin. "Wait. Give me the slip. It's mine." " What's th^ trouble f* asked. jbneB, seeing his friend's anxiety. " Here's the slip. Hallo I" - Addin was off at once, and flying back to Mr.• Mohawk's house,' handed the correct message to Annie, and left the room and descended to the library. Iu a few minutes a gentle voice cams through the telephone— a very email voice indeed—"FB&HK.;" Scarcely had the word met his oar before he wasin thedra wing-room, narrowiy escaping a blow from the obsequious mechanical servant whioh attempted to open the door for him. In another second he had clasped Annie in hie arms. They required no telephone nor phonograph ~to communicate their thoughts after that meeting. Frank is of opinion that more ancient customs are perhaps, after all,, more effloacioas in love matters than phonographs, aud that there may, ev«n in eleotrioal machinery, be a ««Blip" between the cup of happiness and the lips of love.—H. Frith in Reeton's Annual. THAT'S a nice cheery little istter that Admiral Popoff has received: "We take the liberty of informing you that you shall never leave Glasgow alive." Perhaps, after all though, the writes is only afraid of the Admiral popping eff with more live Btock about him than Glasgow oan afford to lose. SHK wouldn't wear a " Jersey "—<• " Oh, no," she said, " not she," And reddened ap with-a red that looked Like the bluBh of modesty. When she left the room, and the door was closed^ Her oallsrs all began: " No 'Jersey' for her—oh, no, of course s . For she's nothing bat boneB and skin!" 