ITEMS OF NEWS. The Legislative Council last night occupied the fore part of its sitting with a long personal explanation by Mr Belcher, relative to the pur chase of the railway reBervo at Geelong ; which' being concluded a number of unimpor/arit bills, comprising a Management of Towns Bill,; a Landlords and Tenant's Bijl, a Companies Sta tute 1864 Amendment Bill and a Cliureh Pro perty Trustees Bill, were introduced arid read for tho first time. A supply Bill for L976,000 was received from the Assombly and passed. The Supply Bill in the Lowor House gave rise to con siderable discussion on some of the items of pro jected expenditure, but ultimately the wliolo were passed. In answer to a question Mr Bent Bald the survey of tho line from Castlemaino to Maldon had been commenced. Mr Berry opened tho Budget debate in a speech characterised by moderation, and several mem bers having Bpoken the debate was adjourned till to-day. ; . Tho Maryborough -and Oarisbrook annual races take place to-day and to-morrow. A meeting of the Castlemairie : Amateur Dra matic club is to be held on Friday evening, and the company of gentlemen wishing to join is in vited. / : ; The R.M.S. Yenetia with tho English mails arrived at Albany on Monday. She may be ex pected iri the Bay on Monday. next, and her let ters here the eame evening, j - The following is the rainfall for the week orid- ing Saturday k-Malmsbury, O-fil-in , Expedi tion Pass, 0.72 in. ; Barker's ; Creek) 0.23 iri. Sutton Grange channel, 0.42 in; : V.- **7, Sandhurst channel; 0.16 in. - There was only one sumriions case for debt to be heard at the Police 06urt'yeSte:r.day.: It eras' that of H. W. Niebrihr agaiiist Michahl Foley for L2 IS Gd for goods. The defendant did not appear, aud judgment was given for the amount with 6s -costs. Messrs Pearce and Greenhill were on the bench. The following persons may receive payment qf their accounts against the Government on appli cation at the Sub-Treasury, Post Office- Build ings, in office hours.:— J. J. Armstrong, G. Beckingsale, G. Dixon, J, Mather, Newstead Mechanics' Institute, J. SriiitH, T. S. Trevascus and Co., and G. Avery. Four bicyclists made their way, to Newstead on Monday night and) attended the dramatic -re cital of Mr Robaon. After, it was over they left in rotation ' having their lamp's lighted. This novel sight at NejyBlead attracted considerable notice, and many watched the retreating lamps , itill they were lost to sight, " ; ) Mr and Mrs Jamison, of Sutton Grange, wore -entertained by a circle of friends at Mr Robert Waite's, Faraday, on Monday afternoon. After justice waa done to tho appetising fare spread on tho tables, Mr, Lang, the chairman, presented to The guests') a liqndsbfne Jea Jiri'd coffpd. iofvice, ; subscribed forAw: their- frie1jds;"th"e''T'a"t0payefaat; Harcourt and Faraday, .in , recognition pf 'the many years Mr Jamisoci'had repTe'senjed tliem in the Shire Council, "arid in testimony of their appreciation of his valuable services.-- - Mr Jami son, in returning thanks, expressed his satisfac tion at receiving- aueh -a flattering memento )6f their eBteem, which would always serve "riS a, re minder to him of. the many kind friends he had, and his oonneptjonlwith the distfiot wo)uld al-) ways be looked b'ack to by him with pride) " . THS usual monthly tneebirig -of the Board of Advice was' Held at tiiri T8wh Hrill liiat everiing." PresentMessra prow. ' (chair mdrij, Addms) Christophafa, Wilson, , GreSnhill, ) Bakpr arid M'Clelland, Messrs Eicholla. Lord andLaugier were present. The prfnoipal business was to fix the date for thp ; Christmas - jqvenile concert, which was arranged to be Kel4 on the third preek in December, and an understanding was come to respecting the mode of distributing the inwards. A' letter waB read from A; MiNeil, rsspeoting the negleot of some children attending school. At present the attendance is good, but there are some cases of gross neglect that he will have to bring-upder notice. ' The chairman is to give tho members-nqtice on -what day the aohoola shall be visited. ' It. wasjresolved to ask Miss Binjis to prepare the aohplars for the Christmas prize con cert. : )" The only member of the Mining Board who was not present at the sitting last Monday was Mr Timothy Ryan. Some correspondence was, however, received from him, concerning appli- cations for land in his district, that occasioned so much discussion that a member expressed sur- prise at his absence; but Mr Baker explained that was due to Mr. Ryan's illness. At the time not much was thought of this, as nothing serious was anticipated; but it will now be learned with sorrow that about the very time they were talk- ing of him Mr Ryan breathed his last, 11 o'clock that forenoon. He had a severe attack of illness in July, but he rallied from that. At the end of last week he had a slight relapse, and on Sunday was much worse, but not so ill as to cause un- easiness, nor was he thbught to be in danger till an hour preceding his death. He had only been a member of the Mining Board since May last. Mr Jordan has already announoed himself as a candidate to fill the vacancy thus occasioned. A meeting of tho Walmer Board of Advice was held at sohool 1927 on Monday. Present— Messrs Doidge (in chair), Micholl, Kilsby, and Bogie. Mr Miohell was unanimously blectod oorresnondfinfc fop Anmiinn t»Al»a A letter was received from W. Moore, singing master, asking permission for the use of tho Walmer School for a singing class after school hours. It was agreed to grant his request. Leave was given to Miss Sargaent to use the Walmer School for a dancing class after school hours, and to the Rev. Mr Parkinson to use the Gowar school for a tea and public meeting and for a holiday for the children. The same gentleman requested the Board to contribute sufficient funds to: obtain prizes for the children, but no Action was taken in this matter. The Truant Officer wrote stating that the attendance at sohool 1149 had not improved during the quarter, and named four cases that were liable to prosecution for non-attendance. Mr Kilsby moved that the report be received, and that in this instance no action ee taken, in order to give the parties an opportunity of complying with the Act, but in the future the recommendation of the officer be fully carried out, unless the case was an excep tional one. Mr Doidge secobded the motion, which was carried. This closed tho business. A grand entertainment was given in the Me chanics' Hal|, Newstead, on Monday evening for tho benefit of the Ohuroh of England. Mr ;Wi>llhoU5e, lay reader, presjfled. Tho programme waa begun- by Herr Rusohpler playing a good selection or thp piano. „J, Robsop, -Esq., thpn appeared and reaitefiOtlrollo's" address to tho Senate, which at once, impressed the audienco - with.great e?.peotatioria, about what was to come, l ' "' <-.3 "'V' and this ivns soon realised by the painfully pathetic | 1 sceuo front King John, of "Hubert and Arthur" I that followed, and brought tears to the eyes of I mauy. In wido contrast with this was the next piece, tho Bashful Man, which relieved tho audience of the strain put upon their attention and sent them into peala of laughter at Mr Rob- I son's rich and suggestive hucno&r.; Clarence's Dream that followed was intensely vivid and j realistic. This having closed the first part of the programme the musical portion followed, and was introduced by Herr Rusclipler perform ing several pieces on the piano and organ in n masterly manner. Mrs Russell gavoa song, but although her voice wa3 melodious we have heard it less tremulous on former occasions. Mr J. Mackay, who sung the Midshipmito, is a good reader of music, and although he was suffering from a cold he delivered the above Song in a satisfactory manner. Miss Stone rendered tlie CrAdle- Song of tho Poor in a most artistic style, arid was well received. Mrs Slee, playing the accompaniment, was noticeable for its neat ness and good taste. The music over, Mr Rob- son again appeared and exhibited Fanny Squeers in her courtship with suuli comical eccenlrioities as to creato the greatest hilarity and laughter. The next was a sceno from the Merchant of Yenico, ofShylock approving of Antonio's bond. Tho different characters wore so distinctly sus tained by voice and action that there wero no mistaking the one for the other. Then came a cdreio piece, Cousin Peter, and lastly, as a de clamatory climax The Battle Cry of Henry V. Mr Robsori occupied nearly two hours and gavo gieat satisfaction, and raised astonishment at his powers. The usual votes of thanks and the National Anthem brought the entertainment to a close. The hall was crowded in every corner, and tho- proceeds of the evening were highly satisfactory to tho committee. The votaries of Terpsichore indulged in their favourite pastime subsequently, to the excellent music discoursed by Mr W. D. Blair, and a most enjoyable even ing terminated. Aftor the recital the committee and friends were entertained by Mr D. McLean in n most sumptuous manner 'qt the Newstead Hotel.,'" )-; ' ) Sir Bryan O'Loghlen has made some provision for the civil-servants : who were dismissed on " Black Wednesday." On the estimates which were laid on the table of the Assembly, on Thurs day, is the following : — " To provide, half ;pay for - officers during the interval between ; 8th January, 1878, and 9.h April, l878_(the 9th April beirig tho day on which the Appropriation Bill: was passed), L7.7G4 also No.- 4, the following item : —" Six weeks' pay to officers whose services woro suddenly and finally . dispensed with during ) the same period, L5GS5." - - : . ; < . . . \- Numerous cases of leprosy are reported amongst the-Chiriese at CooktOwn, Queensland. The escort which- left Charters Towers") on Monday; took 12,354 oz iif gold to Brisbane.: A man harried John Nevin waskillod at Gynipie, on Monday, by the fall of a- limb from a tree he was cutting, down. . ) ,) At the Ballarat Police Court yesterday Wm. Hassell was committed to the next assize for stealing a mare, the property of Charles Keane of Geelong. The dead body found in Corio Bay on Sunday is supposed to be that of A. Butler, as a letter with this signature was found on the remains by the police. Stone was brought to Malmsbury on Mon- day morning from the Humboldt reef, covered with gold over the face. It is richer than anything previously seen in the claim. . The loader now be- ing worked is getting thicker and richer as it goes down. A little girl, 4 years of age, named Jane Crocker, living at Ballarat, was accidentally poisoned on Tuesday by swallowing a dose of caustic and American potash mixture. She was taken to the hospital as soon as possible, but died shortly afterwards in the greatest agony. During the recent voyage of the immigrant ship Nineveh, to Sydney, a practical joke was perpetrated which has led since to unhappy con- sequences. One of the young female immigrants dressed herself in a sheet, pretending to be a ghost. At dead of night she stalked through the sleeping girls, whom aroused. In one in- stance the shock was so severe that a girl lost lier reason and became hopelessly insane. She was examined on the arrival of the ship by medi- cal -tnfm, .on whose certificate she has been sent to the asylum. Oii Sunday at the Convent of : Mercy, -Nichol son-street, Fitzroy,! a''sermonr)wa4 ;preaohed : By the Right RriV. -Dr Craney Bidhop, of: Sandhurst, /who dwelt at considerahle'length on the imper fections of the Education Act,: and -urged;' upon Catholic parents the absolute), necessity "of hold ing themselves aloof - from its 'operation. Dr Crane incidentally contrasted '.the good' govem-' ment and organisation of) the Roman Catholic Church with the confusion and disorder that' was So conspicuous outside her pale.. In the Roman Catholic Church, lio said, doctrinos were never promulgated without authority,' nor' with6ut"6he- dience. . ...)',) )) '').' .)))-)' ," --). Mr Holmes, of Otago) New Zealarid; lias made the follow- irig'calriulatiori "of ; the ' possible "rixport of frozen muttori " Talcing i4, 000, 000 lis tlie -number of sho.ep in tlie colony in l881, the nara)' ber of breeding .eives wquid be 4,GG0,000, arid the number of lambs) aboiit .3,000,000. Thb . in crease displacing an equal number of old sheep, -.we have a supply of 3,000,000 sheep ;fit for, the ibutcher." Of these about a million are set down as available for export, -the population, at the rate of half a-pound a day, consuming a million and three-quarters, and a quarter of a million -being allowed for contingencies of all- kinds. IThis million pf sh'enp.rapcriseRtei at 20. . sheep, jof j501b each to the. tori, a vast' annual freight' of :50,000 tons measurement;/ — Additional particulars haVe ti-arispii-od fospoctr )ing the dynamite explosion which on Saturday -evening completely wrecked Mr George Cooper's, -house at Redfern, a suburb of Sydney. Mr Cooper's son, who was sleeping in the room ad joining that in which tho explosion occufi-ed, es caped wiili comparatively slight injuries. Sriffio idea of the violence of the explosion may be gathered from tho fact that the roof of tho house was blown high into tho air, and pro jected across the street, several sheets of iron alighting upon tho.baloony of a house opposite. Many houses in'.the borough of Darlington felt the shock. The force of tho concussion oxtin - guishod nearly all the kerosene lamps- in tho street in which Mr Cooper's house was 1 situSted. Ml' CoODOr. who was COllvnvnrl In l.lin Tnlinn-n. was found to liavo had the whole of tho skin burnt from his face and one of his arms broken, and to ho suffering _ besides from bruises and contusions. He was in a very precarious state for some time, but recovered sufficient conscious ness to bo able to explain "how tho explosion oc curred. Ho says that at the time ho was rolling the keg of dyuamite under tho bedstead. |ip was smokiug a cigar. Late on Monday evening he was progressing favourably. - Writing of the recently erected cheese , factory at Newbridge the correspondent of the Adver tiser says This factory, the starting of which I announced early last month, is now working away admirably, and there is now in the place a stock of ovor fivo tons of a really good crticlo. Although, tho first cheeso was made only on tho lGth of last month, it has beon found in quality to exceod tho best oxpoctations formed of it j but notwithstanding this, tho directors have re solved not to allow any to leave tho establishment until it is well matured, and thus allow New bridge cheese to make for itself a first-class name .to start with. Over GOO lbs per day is now bo- ing made, and Mr Hugh Pearson, the well-known storokoepor of Newbridge, has, on hie books, .orders for 10 tons as soon as it is fit to be out into. Tho company aro to bo congratulated on the success which lias at present attorided their efforts, and there is no doubt that Newbridge cheese wilL jbefore long, establish for itself a good naWln foreign markets. 1 A strange disiiovary tvas made on Monday by a gentleman whilst visiting lnq wife's grave at Rookwood Oomotery. He found open an empty coffin hearing the marks of havulg been recently disinterred. The lid was gone, evidently by hav ing been violently wrenched open, and tho heads of the screws wero broken. The mystery has since been cleared up. The coffiu originally contained a Chinaman whose friends had ex humed the body and sent it to China. The dividends declared during the week end ing September 2G are as follow : — New Era, Fryers Creek, Gd L600 ; Ferrohs No. 1, Tribute, LI per 100, L200 ; Garden Gully United; Is Gd, L2513 Ids Gd ; Belmont and Saxby, 1b, L1500 ; New Chum Consolidated, Is, L1400 ; New Victoria, 5s, L300 ; New North Clunes, 5s, L51G ; Goldbrook, 2s, L600 ; Band of Hope Quartz, Is, LG00 ; Egerton, 5s, LG250 ; Work ing Miners', Is Gd, L450. At the -monthly meeting of the Sandhurst Alining Board, on Monday, Air Al'Intyre (states the Advertiser) referred to a circular which had been received from tho Gippsland Mining Board, asking for co-operation in bringing pressure to bear on Parliament, with a view to getting a Alin ing on Private Property Bill passed. Ho thought the mining boards of the cqiony should urge their representatives to support the passing of such a bill, and also strongly petition Parlia ment in tho matter. With respect to the shep herding of leasee, which was being carried on so extensively, lie hoped the members of the hoard would at their next meeting express their yiews as to tho best mode of checking the evil. Ho then reforred to the quantity of auriferous land which was being takeii up. The chairman of the board (Mr Blackham) explained that the board had done all it could to oppose the selec tion of auriferous land, but that the department had granted it to applicants in opposition to the recommendations of - the board. - Mr Al'Intyre thought they should send "tq Melbourne ; in con nection with the matter, armed with on influential petition, which he thought .would have the de- sired offect.' . -; ,; W ... . i A telegram from Wellington,) New Zealand, states thrtt the Government are actively recruit ing for the Armed. Constabulary in all parts of the colony, and reinforcements and ammunition are.being forwarded to the forces stationed on .the West Coast. The Native Minister (Air Wil liam Rolleston) is there already. Large num bers of the Farihaka Maories continue their ob structive fencing operations in the vicinity of the Constabulary camp, hut up to the present have riot been resisted by the colonial forces. Some of the European out-settlers are leaving their recently purchased properties, and coming iritoVthe) towns and sotilements in the vicinity of towns: Other settlers are enrolling themselves in the volunteer companies. Te Whiti, tHe )Maori prophofc, still urges his people to maintain ithe peace; but resist any attempts that may be madeto interfere withthem.: The Native Minis- ter- reports that the natives are planting 'their crops;' that thoy are good tempered, arid that :ttiefo are no warlike symptoms exhibited ou thoir part. . )' ' -The ,, rapacity qf professional money-lenders is iprqverbial, and some of the .-representatives of the elasa in thie oily arc (writes a Melbourne correspon- Merit) by no mean3 behind their brethren in other -parts of the world as regards that quality, as will i bo-Been by the following aueodote : — A young man. who iyas desirous of enteiiug into a small) way of , briefness, and who had lately inherited some house, j property, yalued at something over LI, 000, paid-, a j visit Jo. .one of those gentry who are always so fiberal >yith their offers of precuniary assistanco in such. eases, and on lodging his deeds was, accommo- : dated wi'h a loan (nominally) of Li95, but . on ! w,hiph he received only L140, -the balance having bepq deducted by way of interest in advance; and . the borrower engaging to repay the loan (L19D) by -instalments of LI per week, This transaction hav- ! ing come to the ears of a friend who took an in terest iri the young fellow's welfare, a conversation; tojjk place between the two, the result of which ; was that a determination was arrived at to cancel the whole transaction, with a view of obtaining better terms elsewhere- Only four days. after the origiiial traqsaction, a -visit was accordingly paid to ithe office of the lender, who was asked as to the :torms upon which he would-be willing to give up j the deeds lodged as collateral security. The answer iwas what; no doubt, would have beon expeoted iby peraaris having an intimate knowledgo of the man ners, and customs of the shont-per-shent fratornity;. but which rather, surprised Mr Greenhorn, aud his "-guide, philosopher, and friend," in the present in-': stance. " My dear sirs,— The thing is very simple;' arid I am quite- willing to oblige you ou your paying the L195; for .which I hold this young sberitleinan'a ' acknowledgement." All efforts to obtaiu a discount for prompt payinent proved unavailing and; so the 'money was paid, aud the worthy son of/Abraham in qnestipri /got his L55 profit ,ou the! four) days loan. . . .. ... .7 ! English. fresh fish — salmon, turbot, soles, and cod— are" advertised for sale at Hay, on . the Mnr- rumbidgoe, not such a great distarioe from - whorri Biiffee'and Wills died of starvation! ! j 