? ? ; — w SATISFACTION. ' By Janet ' Oamiolii. . ? 1 ' And I will place within thorn, as a ffuUlo, : My uinplro conscience. - . , ; Milton's ' Paiiadisb Lost. Tub little cottage, ..oalled, by oourtesy, 'The Parsonage,' in Bolunda,is wrapped in utter darknese, save a bright gleam of lamp light that illumined tho tiny, curtained window of the minister's room. The littlo township is at rest, all tho day's noiao and broil aro past, and every tired head is on its pillow.:, Eyon tho noisy jingling hotels are oloaed — no light anywhore but this glaring square, whioh, by its brightness, makes tho dark night darker. Humphroy Gray, the minister, sits — though it is past midnight — at his writing desk, his head supported on his hands, an open diary before him. As ho reads and turns the leaves slowly, tho gravity of his always grave faoo becomes moro settled, moro sombre. By-and-bye Humphroy Gray lifts a lined, drawn face, woarily closes tho book, and in a fow minutes Bolunda is all dark. So passod the young minister's last night in Bolunda. To-morrow ho leaves for a distant oongregation, and the brawny, toil-hardenod minors, as thoy passod tho Parsonago in the early morning on their way to work, wished him God-speed in thoir hearts. Ho was part and parool of tho plaoo, they said; Bolunda wouldn't bo Bolunda without him. Thoy didn't oaro for preaohin' ohaps, as a rule, but Mr. Gray was difforont. So thoy trampod along, indignantly anathematising tho powers that oontrollod and whioh had ordored Mr. Gray's romoval. Ho had boon with thorn sovon voara ; ho had seon Bolunda grow from its fnfanoy of tent and shanty to its prosont Imposing maturity of cottage and hotel, and every rough-boarded face in tho placo waa familar to him. Ho was loved by the poor for his isoal and kindness. Ovor tho mining portion of his congregation hia influonoe was very groat, and, though ho did not offect sudden and magic conversions, a fow woll-timod words from him had often roformod tho most invotcralo drunkard, Tho rich Bought his flocioty anxiously, for thoro was a Btrango mixture of prido and humility in his character; Mb mannor and boaring woro thoso of a porfoct gontloinan, and in a doino-1 oratio community liko that of Bolunda good-: brooding is quiokly soon and justly appro- 1 oiatod. ? Mr. Gray was accompanied on his journoy by Prod Hathaway, a young bvorseor who wished to look up. tho interior grazing grounds, for intending purohaso. Whon thoy roachod; itho top of tho hill whioh oyojrlookod tho littlo mining township, Humphrey Giay turnod his 'horso's head and' stood Bomo momenta 1 Thd/ttoib day's summor suripouipd its mbfcbllbss rays on our trayollorB, who, wbaribd |and unoortain of 1 thoir 'route, rido horp and jthoreinsoarohof tholobt trapki ? ' . 'We'll ripyor/got out bf,,this dbnsp 'bUsli, ito-doyj unions, as I think, .wo aro in tho vioimty of Brayburn homo station. If so, wo'fo all right, aud, as thb nags are dono up, what do you say to a rest at Milman'a P Bobort Mihriariis no ond of a nico follow; he'll bd glad tosod us. I wouldn't liko to paBB Brayburn, so say tho word Mr. Gray, and I'll find tho traok from the top of this big bare i hill horo to tho right,; I know it well, wo oampod at tho foot of it on tho othor sido last shooting Boasoni' ; ' . ?: ; , ? ?? Mr. Gray aoqUioaepd in his quiot way,' and Milman's. station; wob roaohdd in tho; dusky j ovoning. Young Hathaway was woloomod in tho home birolo at .Brayburn warmly and kindly. Tho roooptibn of lib friend was not loss' kind, but thoy treated him with moro' doforonop; , , . ? After. Mrs; Milman— -who was an 'invalid — had rotirod, a tall, paio girl oamo into tho room; Mr. Milman intrbduood hor as— ' My daughter Ruth.' Miss Milman, as Mr.' , Gray oallod hor, fiCred familiarly oallod hor Ruth), was a Bwoot-faced girl With pdlo, woll i out f oaturos, and thoughtful groy byes ; though her mannors woro quiet and unassortivo aho soomod tho, directory of tho ostablishmont. Mr. Milm'ari pohtinually apppalbd ' to hor on pointB in his conversation connected with the nouses, tho gardons, t^Uo horsos, or oven tho latent European tolograma. Ruth corrootod and dooidbd everything.; , yet, withal, waa so unprotoriding, bo feminine,' that Humphroy Gray;-by admiration of hor, was movod but of hia solflsh mpbdinoss ,arid sorrow, Ho talked to this quiot, grdy-dyod, littlo Ruth as ho had novor talked to any woman in his lifo, and ho retired to rost happior': for it.: Ho did not know ho waa happier j but hd was so, for ho did not tako out the groat blaok diary and pore over itj or sit and staro boforo him for hours as had been his wont in tho littlo Bolunda Parsbnago, arid woary nights long ago in tho sparsoly-furnishod studont ohambor of his Edinburgh lodgings boforo ordination j but ho lookod out of tho window up to tho Btariit sky, and said softly to him solf : ' I will lighten my burden by somo day sharing my spbrbt with aomtly-oyod littlo Ruth, if I dare.'' . ? , . Ho loaned lout over thd window-sill, tho stare twinkldd ovor hia head, arid, thd night owls moanod surlily among the distant troos as ho murmurod in rapt, rdveront tones : ' Dolivor mo from blood, Oh God !' . . . , Fred found many oxouscs for protracting thoir stay, and as Mr. Gray was not duo at tho scono of his now labours for many days, ho was glad to partako of Mr. Milman's genial hospitality, and onioy qiuot littlo ohats at intervals with Ruth. Sho told him with hor sbrious amilo that sho could not entertain him, aho had too many oinploymonta. Sho taught tho two sturdy lads, Hugh and Harry, who woro now having holidays in honour of tho visitors. Thoy liad novor known any othor toachor, and Mr. Milman mado it a proud boast that Hugh, who was only thir teen yoarB old, would bo lit to tako his placo among tho senior boya noxt yoar at school. On tho third ovoning from tho 'date of thoir visit, I?red Hathaway and his host boing abaont, Mr. Gray, who stayed in to write ho said, sat looking ovor a photograph album at tho tablo, opposite Mrs. Milmari's invalid chair, whilo Ruth sowed busily at a far away window. Suddonly tho miniBtor's faco gro\y sot, and a hunted look cropt into his blub oyos. ' Mrs. Milman, who is that ploaso P' ' That 1 Oh my poor boy.' ' Mamma,' said Ruth, in a low, warning voico, as sho laid down hor work and camo towards thom. ', Mrs. Milman's lips twitched painfully,' hoi' hands clasped and unclasped tho arm of 'hor chair for a fow mbmonts, 'thon slip laid bdbk hor hoad and olosod hoi1 oyos. '..','?',;'..,? 'Sho has fainfcod,' Ruth aaid,- hurriodly, in a roliovod tone ' Plea'so go'dway^ Mi'. Mil man, and whon sho recovers \ sho,, will luivri forgotten tho causo of hor swoon. ? Yoivmust not mind,' sho' contiriuod,' ? I'das'suringlyi 'Don't look bo troubled about it. Mamma is very dolioato, you know.' Pointing to tho bright, boyish faco in thb album,, (ihb vsaid'i ' It is my brother, my only b'rothor;, Arohio, and ho is doad. You know, Mr. Gray,1 1 am | Ruth IJosly, Many bosido ypuraolf mjiko tho saino mistake about my namd. ' I .will toll you about poor Arohie's doatb after mamma' has rotirod this ovoning. It ia our one Borrow, ! Mr. Gray.' ' '.!' ' ? numphroy Gray reeled from tho room liko j a drunkon man. Strong agony- gloainbd in his blue oyos and linod hia whito fbrolioad, All tho horrid past camo surging up: again. It had always shadowed and menacingly, fol lowod him. Now it was tugging at his apart strings, crushing and ovorwholining hiin with1 its frightful horror. , - ; ; Ho walked unsteadily down to the oro'dk- ndo j and loanod against a groat treb, Ruth had gat in its cool shade only yostovday watching, tho boys row thoir tiny craft on tho water. Ho had soon hor from tho houso, arid ho' could not holp thinking of it now — how palo' and slight sho lookod in hor cool whito dross, and how cnrofulljvhcv scvioua g.'oy eyes fol , lowed tho movompnts of tho littlo lads. Ho I waritcd to think of hor as yostorday — ^gontlo, swcot Ruth Milmun, tho brolhora' guido imc dircotross, tho mo'l.hor'B stay and comfort, old Robort Milman'B treasured daugliteriland.hiB!. ; lips,' Ruth Lpsly with a great impassable jult; or blood bdtwoon thdmi, ... ',]?[.':. ' '',,, i. ;,'„'„'' Tho sun wont down, at longth, but tho last hour of his shining brought furrows tb ,tho poor, paid faoo so promaturply .agbd,and, stroalis to tho wavy massos alrbody groy. Tho Erostrdtion of spirit and mental' anguish had con soro, tho strugglo had boon bard, but his groat strongth savod him. 'I Bhall loavo Brayburn to-morrow, and Ruth will know,' ho said. ... 'Got a hoadaohol Woll, it's boon a roaster to-day, I know. Pity you didn't oomo out j wphad flnb Bport. Ruth wishoB to know if you'll oomo down, Pr talto a: pup of tea. up horo. : Sho's as palo: aa a ghost, horself — Mrs. Milman had an attaok of nor illnoss tliis after noon— p^opr. littlo girl I . ; I say; ,Mr. Groyi I don't mind tolling you this,' and Fred put tho candle down and stood boBido his f ripnd^hia bright' young '.fop'p full , of, oagdrripsa .' and oarneatnoBS : — !' I'vo aakod Mihnari; for Ruth tp'day.'j.'l'vo lovod hor ovor' einop I flrat bow ho5,,1jhrop -years, . ago,., and. I'm!, trying hard: 1 Ibi' igot ? rioh forvilier,.i, but- it's awfully! slow work; Ruth' doesn't1 -know; arid! don't, want: hor to ktapw;' yot. 'Sho likes me'l'm auro, and I'm satisflod with that now; Milntari'sja brick j ho listoned to me right through, thoriho ,Baid his littlo girl'a hdppiribia was all lio wanted, and that when Ruth would say Yes to mo, ho would be; ready to do his part. . Now. you dbo why I. baino hero whon wo lost tho traok.':. ; '',',' '.,'„? ..'?. Aa ho finished ho laughed awkwardly, he was so Burprisdd W his, fripnd's Bilonoo — surprisod and angry. , ,;; ,; ,? '.. ,. ??.', - : ,? . 'You'll havo thotoa I suppoBO,if you're so bad ab that,' , ,/' ',. ,?;,;,'',,; ',',','..'? ' ''';,' . Humphrey, Gray, haggard arid, weak, rose up and stood boforo him, and' laid his hands on thb broad shoxildors Of tho young man'.' '. !' Prod HdtBawa'y, you aro good and hbnb'st, and you aoy you love hor j ' but do you love hor? Oan you make hor sad 'young lifo happy ? Can you givo hor suoh loyp as, slio roquiros? You know what sho is? -. Now, answor mb. Aro rypii worthy of 'hor P' ? -! '.' ' ? ' ' , 'Really, Mr. way, you ^ frighten a follow. Don't put things so Boriously, and look bo tragical. I do lovo Ruth Losly with all my hoart, and I will try to bo worthy of. hor. .if sho will havo mo.' . . ?. . ,„! 'Yos, my boy, try hard to bo worthy of hor.' .,,, ., . , ? ' '' l! '. ' ' ' ' '; ?.',' '.','?' 'Dear old follow, you look so ill; ;yo'ur oyos aro dull, and your faco awfully palo^ In for a1 f over I would say if I woro' a doctor. What will you tako P' ' ' ' Nothing. I will como down by-and-byo, aftor Mrs; Milman has rotirod. ' My appear anoo might f right'on hor, you know. . I'll coriip down for a cup of tea whon you'ro at billiards', and all is quiot.' ' ' 'AUright.' l . 1 ';,,,„; A couplo of hours draggod away thoir woary longth, thon Huiriphroy Gray, with : strong resolution on his faco, walked down to ? tho lighted drawing-room with tho black- : bound diary in his hand. Ho had hoped to find Ruth thoro, but sho wa3 not, and ho walked up' and down the room, waiting for. hor, with short, dociBiyo stops, tho rigidity of his mouth novor relaxing from its oxprossion of fixod determination of purposo. A girl brought in a tray with his tea and an apology from Miss Ruth. Hor mamuia wiflhednor to stay with hor this ovoning, and sho hoped Mr. Gray's hoadacho was bottor. ; Ho drank off a pup of tea, and, hastily do taohing a loaf from his pocket-book, ponoillod : — ' DoarMiss Lesly, — I loavo Brayburn oarly in tho morning. Why, you will know whon you,: will havo road what I loavo in your hands— tho records of my oarly lifo. Search thorn kepnly but kindly, and whon you como to that ontry do not roproach mo. It was unpromoditatod in thought and action ; it hap haunted and ombittorod ovory hour of oxistonco sinco. Do not you too riso up in judgmont against mo. Out of your charity and groat gontlonoss of hoart, think kindly of mo, little Ruth, and my buvdon will hot bo 'sb: heavy .T-HuAti'miEY Gray.' : . Mr. Gray gavo noto and diary to tho houso maid, and charged hor to toll Miss Lesly that ho rpquristod hor to dolay tho reading of thorn'; till tho morrow. Tho girl dop'artbd; ivridiho fbund!his way to tho billiard-robin, ?whore tho ? balls oliokod morrily, and Mr. Milman arid Prod, in thoir Bhirt sloovos, wprb bxbitodly chalking and scoring. .. ,;i :? 'Going an 1 tho morning. My dear sir, I wpn't'hoarpf it'. If you'ro ill this is just tllp phioo fprlypil^j^Ruth^) a capital nurso.' '' Mr; 'Gray,' put in Frod, as ho saw no 'sign'Jbf rolbuting on his friond'a palo fdeb, !' wait till' Thursday. Do. I oau't go till 'Tjiuradajv and I don't liko tho idea of you dqiiig 'that oighty-milp journoy alono in your :prosurit forinl'' . 1 But Mr, Gray, haying courteously thanked hia '.host' and, commissioned adieus to tho Indies, shook JVbd.kindly by tho hand, and wont out to tlio Btables, ordered his horse for .his,, oarly. ,'ridbj nscondod tho stairs to his' room, and lookod tho door. 1 'Iaiiin, daughter of Evo, but I can loavo it till tho afternoon,' Ruth said to horsolf with hor swoot gravo smilo. And in tho aftornoon when mamma was comfortably aaloop, and all was quiet in tho uppor regions of tlio Houso, aho carried tho book and littlo twistod noto to hor own prol-ty room, and knooling bosido tho window all ablazo with sunlight, sho deftly arranged tho curtains aa a soruon, and with a happy expectant look in lior ovost and.thoJimilH.(limnojiiniT.-Hio.nun«rii0. (diary in tor baiida.'ilibr slofladr'flritfers bti'ltt plasp.as, thoilgh roliiotarifci.tb 'bpbn ;it. ' , She, lmgorcd thinkingly.somo moments ovor tho fastening,' thon with' a sudden : flush orimBon-' ing.hpr nook and fd'cb, she rorbpbnod tho noto :and 1 kiflsod tho signature . ; ,.--.. Sho turnod tho loaves; slowly, arid'' road |mdriy pages with tho Bamb happy sniilo play ing round hor mouth, but soon hor ovob bo .camo riveted on ono page; Sho road it ovor. ?many tiinos, whilo growing horror distended' ;hor eyos and whitened hor faoo. It was a' page . bearing' date moro than ilftoon years iolcl!^,;' ,.,'.,.'' ,/?,;??. . ,;', '?'.'???'; ???;.'.;„? . !,' ' I . 'llth. Oamo to, Londoni to-day, ;'.: Mot two old ohunifl, Tom Tillptapn and.Frank OraydpnJ Tom[s|going to^hayb somp ,'fuif ^itb.' a young, follow whom I Baw at tho Olub this morning, a sof Hooking follow, named Arohio Losly. Tqm'.wilL.put Prank 'and mo -up' to tho lark tb-riight ho says. I am sorry I must-take tho boat for. Calais to-inorrow.- ThoyWarit mo tb'stay, too. ' 'i.,1 ''V'.'; -: '? ','iatli., Airi1 gldd I oaught. tlio boat. . I wouldn't liko Otter to havo seon mo last night.' Poor flld Otter IvHo'b so atraight labod. .It's too,, bad; though, that,, after all hia lossons and kindness, I couldn't) bo a man ono day. out of hia Bight. ? ' . , ? ' ?''' '' 'Tho besetting' sffi of the age is drunken. neaa. ; My boy,:set,.your faco againnt it,' ho used to say. I oouldn't help myself with thbse fellows last night, but. I am' sorry for the 1 part I took against young Losly. I'm sorry I jibed him so about his riding— that was Tom's larki , t hopo ho won't romombor about tho colt. ;',',' .',.?' ... ' 11 13th; Arehk Zcsly it dead.' Thrown by tho oolt^ StayinPaHii ???? ?.???.-?'??? . : ; ? '.. V. This.is thd telegram I received this morn ing. . My , God ! How oan J , sit i horo and write it P' . I: am Arohie Leely's murderer as surely as if I had plunged' a knifb in hia heart, and my soul, is : marked , with the rod brand of Gain.; ? ,., ., 1 ? '.., ; .' . .. ? ' It yraa at the plub, I oould aed -that he was intoxipdted, and grew.fierpely indignant at Tom' a sneering' remark's,! and when I ohallongpd him about his' riding (of whioh ho had boon boasting, poor boy !),' ho swore to mp that ho. would on the morrow ride an unbroken bolt, ofle that had hdyer been Baddled. He seemed awfully in earnest too. 1 'Why did I touch tho ouraod drink P But for. it I, could noyor- have entered into suoh.an unmanly joBt, and, I would not havothdtpoor boy's dbath laid .at my door; I have not moVodoutairday.j'but.I will, not fly frorij juatibo if I am aoughtVi Sometiriibs I.thirik',1 ought to go book- arid seokouta magiatratoi then again, I am not tho only, bnb involvod; If I only word guilty , I would at, orioe givo myaelf up. .. ? , 'An dyo for an bye, a tooth for a tooth j ay, arid a h'fo. for a h'fo. I havo thought arid thought, still I cannot rosolvo. 1 : . ? ' 14th.' ' Oomo unto tno all yp'thatJi lttbonrj and. are hoavily ladori, arid; I, will j giro;- you rest.' Thoso words came to1 mo last night, and I1 knelt dowri,arid troy'ed; Now, I am it'o'jidy to go, book' to Eugland.!' :, '?'.' ;Thpy foundhpr in' the eyoning kneeling by thd wjridow i^ hor robrii, a ldrgo blaok book cldapocl oloao in hor arme to her breast, pray ing. ;;?'?? ' ,;: . ' : ? ' Thoy oallod to hor, but aho did riot answer them. She heard her mother's voioe iUithe'nozt room, thon the veins in her throat swelled and throbbed, and great tears filled her'eyes, but she fprped them baiplt, and went out among thom. . ; Fred lookod anslous about her and oommunipated his fears that Ruth w^s not strong, or .else wa8r;oy,prw;orked 'to Mr. Milman who said sho must rido and' walk out more, indeed she must ' aooompany them on the inorrowi ' ? : .-,? , ? '?? The morning proved hot and sultry so Ruth easily exousod herself and promised to ride as far as the Big; Hill in tho afternoon to moot thom on their return home. ' Poor white-faded. Ruth rode out, in the warm afternoon, away, through tho bush, not knowing, :riot oaring, where she went. She held the rein loosely. 'before! her. and ,gavo Robin hia head. Away to the right stretohod adonaobeltof scrub, in front tho Big Hill stood out bluo in tho haze of diritanoo while, all around grow, groon shrubs arid slendor saplings. Mile after mile Robin picked his way over fallen logs and loose timber, Bometimes stopping to munoh a mouthful. of grass in tho Boanty shade of tho sparely- foliaged saplings. Sho was glad to be alone. Every faoulty was numbed with the intonso strain she had put upon horself now Bhe tried to think about it. A false step of Robin oaused her to jork and alindst lose her seat; this brpuiht her baok to her surroundinga, and, looking about anxiously for the rendezvous/ sho was startled to find . that, no matter in what direction flho looked, no hill of any kind was to bo aoen. Sho knew she must be far from home, for she oould see groups of Btray oattlp in the diBtanoe who bellowed angrily at the sight of her. Seeing a great plain ahead aho rodo toward it. UI will Btand in tho ;pentro of it,' ahe: said, ' tbpn I shall bp moro easily soon whon . , thoy oomo to look for mo.' ? Sho folt no ? fear. Hor spirit was sorb, and her heart and oonsoionco wore waging i fieroowar. Tho strugglo was with her, as it had boon with him, but she was only a girl, and Bho lovod. What though sho had heard hor mother ourse tho unknown slayer of hor darling— wild and wayward, thoro foro loved tho more— and had in her ohildish hoart hated the destroyer of their homo, and of hor mothor's health. Through him Arohio had boon out oft in, his youth, and 'in his sin; yet sho loved him. Shoaaid all this to herself standing in thp oontro of tho droary flat far away from hor homo. She did not think of her position, sho thought only of this unnatural and ill-fated lovo of hora, and soalding toars droppod . on Robin's mane. , . 1 It was almost sundown when1 she hoard^ a shrill 00000, and iFred.oariib galloping toward hor. . ? , ? , ; .??... .,.;'[ ,: 'However, did you loso yourself liko this, Ruth P What ! ' .Crying 1 Oh, don't ory, Ruth, or I'll— You'ro. Bate, now, dear, you know.' ? ? i . -? . 1 . Thoy turned in thp' djrpction' F/rod' had como. ', .? . .'. ';?? ;., ';i '.'!.,','. 1 ''..',''. ',,',' ..; , . ' I suppoap whon you didn't bop us at tho Hill you rodd on',' ' t ?';' ? ' ' ' Did you not go tp'th'd'Hill'thp'nP1! , ' 'No.',-.- ?:,-', ?,-;..(.! ill,,: 'it'l-'i.'. '.'.'„'.'.. '..I'; '.;:', 'You'll bo Borry 'Ruth! about Mr.- G-i'ay. Poor 'oid.f?U6^'i;v ;;',::???'::?:.???? ''':'::' ;; :.':?:':, ?'?.??' 'What about him,!! she said^ a iittie'un- fltoadily. ' ?' ' ' ... '!?-' '-!'; !-??'' ' '?;??-..' ???- .1. ?? ' Thpy'vp' got 4}m),at;.,Yautiip';';drbddfully hurt. Thrown,by thatibeast of.Wa, Lkn'ow it was darigproua byits oyo-^what'lV ' -?' ?' '.Rutli;i,;Ruth;l» '.'„?. ';''!;;?' I'^rt :';-.' ; Slid did . riot. 1 faint,-.' though :hor, ,f abb grow white,' and hor eyoa oldspdfor a' fow niomonts; ;; 'Whpni'FifqdP,1, .Toll^moabbut itplcaso,' eho soldi in a low vbibb. . , }':,.!;')... \ , ..'., ,' '(Poor littlo -girl! . sho's so kind- hoartod, on'd;fppl8 '.,oybrything'ao muoh1,', ,a'aid- Fred to himsolf, as.horbdb elbsb' bosido, her,' arid laid his hand on hers on thp rein. 'We mot 'Anabri,, thd' Yannip: b'oundary-ridor, and ho tolduB that lio had found him yesterday ovoning noar his boundary lino, lying on tho grpUnd, his loft arm brokon, and a nasty out ou his head. Ho wiw qvuto uncon3oioii3, and is so still. Thoy'vo got him at Auaon's plaoo, his wife is doing hor bost for him ; but as thoro is no doctor thoro yet, I'm afraid thoro's not much chanou for him.' 'Havo thoy aont for a dootor P' ?? ' Oh, yea. If thoy had not I would havo gono .Your stop-father wanted to soo him, and, as wo oouldn't both go, I oamo baok. I'll go down to-morrow. TTortiuiate I did opme bapk, oh, Ruth P' Sho unsworod him not a word, but tightonod her rein and whipped Robin into a swift gallop. Frod oould soarooly koop paoo with hor. Whon thoy oamo within sight of Brayburn whoro, though it was only dusk, tho lights woro twinkling in tho windows, Ruth drow up. :. . , . 'Prod, is it Anson's— that plao'p ' justi must not oome. Please ''stay with mamma, ; it would be kinder, and, Fred, toll her to— - to road tho turned-down loaf in a book sho will find in my room, lookod in tho tablo - drawer. Fred — ' Bho was' prying viplently now, 'and toll my mothor if I do not soo her again, that I oannot holp myself, I oan't hplp loving him.' :-'.0h, Ruthl Oh, Hoavona 1 Do youlove Humphrey Gray P And I lovo you.' : 1 'Thon if you do, you oan undorstand. Make it oasy for hor, Prod, sho will havo lost us both, Arohio and mo, for I will be as lost to hor, as though I woro doad, I know.' 'Oh, Ruth 1' was all ho oould say, as sho rodo away swiftly out of Bight in the duak. 'When she reaohod tho boundary-rider'a house, sho aakod to boo. her step-father at onoo. Mr. Milman oamo from the slok room, shooked at hearing Ruth was there. ' Papa, you havo not so muoh to forgive, Arohio was not your son. Listen, I love Humphroy Gray, and though ho novor spoko a, word of loyo to mo, I know ho loves me a little. Oh, papa, he has suffered bo muoh and so long, let mo lighten his sufferings a little. If no must die, lot me bo noar him.' \- Before 1 he eould reply Bho had pnesod him, and entered the bedroom. A lamp burned on tho table showing Humphrey Gray's white faoo on the pillow, with a linon bandage round his hoad, and whoro it covered tho wound a red, Btain appeared. His arm whioh lay aorosa his ohost was bound up in splints, as woll as tho .kind-hoartod people about aim knew how to do it. Mrs. Anson sat, at. the foot of tho bod, and rose up looking surprised, at her ontranoe, but Ruth didnbtspeak to her or look at hor, she. saw only that whito face— whito evou to tho lips —and she knplt dpwn and looked into the half- open blub oyos, and spoke his name. i. Hours arid hours sho knelt there, all her young life ebbing from her, as she listened to .ltis moans of mortal anguish, , and, at intervals, his incohoront wanderings, They worejftf. sohool somotimos. Somotimes of that awful timo— that day in London and - it's terrible consoquoncos, ' I will givo tho Borvioo of my lifo to thd ohuroh and my fellow-oroaturos, Otter. I will givo my lifo for tho lif 0 I havo takon j but will my sacriflco bo aocoptod ?' Ho repeated this so many timos, and his voico was bo pitiful in its intense anguish that they. who stood around —-strong men though thoy woro — wopt. Ruth did not wcop. , She liBtonod to ovory word with pulsoloss anxioty, for aho know that. Boon sho would nover hpar his voico again. Somotimos ho spoko of hor. Now Bhe know how much ho lovod hor, and with. aU tho doBbidtion of hor lifo round about and boforo her, hor oyos brightened with plcaauro as she hoard. Thon, again, it was of tho timo whon he lay maunod and bruised in tho bush after his fall. 'Tho saino doath. It is moot and just, Godoxaots tho rigid satisfaction — doath for dedthi'j' i ' For a few momonts boforo ho diod, oon« ooiousness oamo back' to him. Ho recognised Ruth.and looked at hor with a look of such grateful, tender lovo from thoso bluo oybs, dark with tho shadow of pain, and dim with .. the noarnoss of death, that in all hor after life sho thanked God for it— for that ono look. 