Odds and Ends. Freemasonry Described, (From the Freemasons Monthly Magazine I have joined the Masonic fraternity, Mr. Editor. I am a free and accepted son, or brother, or whatever it is, of that mysterious organization. I have belonged to many secret socleties in my time—I have been an Orangeman and a Son of Temperance, and a Fenian and t if I remember aright, I once belonged to a gang of coiners—but this Masonic arrangement, this institution of the compass and square, distances them all. I have often wondered what sort of a thing a Mason was— in what respects he differed from an ordinary being. Again and again have I pumped persons who I thought knew what was what, with a view of finding out something regarding these queer men, but it was no go. Mum was the word—those who could tell wouldn't and those who would couldn't; but for further information I was to go and find out. I had a vague idea of my own that a mason was a sort of a supernatural being—a regular ring-tailed roarer, with horns and hoofs to match, who would come down the chimney - or get through the keyhole and disappear like a flashof lightning—a chap that would knock blazes out a fellow with a wink of his eye, and of whom the devil himself was afraid There is one singular thing connected with masonry of which you are perhaps not aware, and thãt is a mason never dies. Occasionally it is given out that a brother has departed this life, and the fraternity is then respectfully summoned to do honour to his remains , but it is all a sham, a big swindle, gotten up to throw dust in the eyes of the uninitiated. The coffin is stuffed full of bricks, and deposited with due solemnity in the cemetery, while the brothers and friends are blubbering their eyes out over the grave of the dear departed* and the departed is enjoying himself in the back room of some hotel, preparatory to leaving for parts unknown. It is a fact, Mr. Editor, masons never die. They may change their appearance and move off to other spheres, but, as for dying, they can't do it. It is supposed that after they have transacted wickedness enough on this earth they arc transformed. into comets and meteors, and go wandering through space and kicking up shines and raising mischief geoerally. And a great many people suppose that the last meteoric display was nothing more nor less than having a free fight, between some rival lodges that have crossed each other's path—the different coloured light betokening the different degrees they had acquired in the flesh. Freemasonry is of an ancient date, as proved by the fact that during the wet season Noah used to hold meetings in the corner of his ark. He was obliged to do so owing to the curiosity of Mrs. Noah, who, not withstanding the fact that her husband placed a big pair of lions and a big crocodile at the door as outside guards, came pretty near finding out the secret, and starting a female lodge on her own hook. I must tell you the perils and trials I had to undergo to become a mason. On the evening ifl question I presented myself at the door of the lodge room, No. 66,666, sign of the skull and cross bones. I was conducted to the ante-room, where five or six melancholy chaps in sashes and embroidered napkins were waiting to receive me. On my entrance they all got up and turned a back somersault, and then quietly resumed their seats. A big fat man, who sat in the middle, and who seemed to be the proprietor, then said, " Sinner from the outward world, advance." I advanced. " Will you give up everthing to join us ?" " Not if I know it" said I. " There's my wife and fourteen fine— " (Another parly here told me it was a mere matter of form.) The fellows in the towels then groaned, and said Tis well." " Do you swear never to reveal anything you may see or hear this evening, not to your wife ?" I said, " 'Pon my word, I will not." Then they examined my teeth and felt my muscles, and made me put out my tongue, and then groaned again. I said, " If you don't feel well I have a little bottle here that"— Here the fat man took the bottle from me, and told me to shut up. He then in a voice of thunder said, " Bring forth the goat.' Another fellow then came forth to blindfold me. " No, you don't, Mr. Mason," I said ; " no tricks on travellers, if you please, I don't believe in playing blindman's buff with a goat. I'll ride the beast if you like, but it don't go it blind. Stand back, or I'll knock you into smithereens." They were tco much for me, however, and I had to submit to be blindfolded. The goat was then led in, and i çould hear him making an awful racket among the furniture. I began to feel that I was urgently wanted at home, but I was in for it, and could not help myself. Three or four fellows then seized me, and with a demonical laugh pitched me on the animal's back, telling me at the same time to look out for squalls. Mr. Editor, I've been in election fights, I've been pitched out of a four-story window, I have been in a railway collision, and gone up in a steamboat explosion, but this great excursion was ahead of all. The confounded thing must be all wings and horns. It bumped me against the tables and the stove and the ceiling, but I hung on like a Trojan. It turned front sommersaults, and rolled over till I thought it was all over with me. I was just on the point of giving up when the bandage fell from mine eyes, and the goat bounded through the window with a yell like a Comanche Indian giving up the ghost. I was in a lodge of Masons. They were dancing a war dance round a skull, and playing leapfrog and turning handsprings, and the big fat fellow of the ante-room was standing on his head in the corner finishing the contents of my little bottle;Order was soon restored,and I was lead up to a desk and told to stand at my ease. The chief engineerof the establishment then put bis thumb to his nose, and stretching his fingers in the shape of fan, commanded silence. The govenor then addressed me;—" Brother Knobb,you are now one of us. You are now one of us. You are now a member of an institution that has lasted over ten million of years. From this time hence your constitution is sound. You are impervious to light or heat, or any other atmospheric influence. You are waterproof, fireproof, overproof. With impunity you may walk through the lake, or sit on a red-hot stove; with impunity drink aquafortis,. rye whisky, Wahoo bitters, Or any 0ther poisonous substance. You are'free from rheumatism, dyspepsia, smallpox, whooping-cough, and the measles. The Sheriff' cannot sieze you for debt, nor the policeman for misdemeanour. You are one of us, and you are safe. Here is the password; with that and a big club you can get into any lodge in Christendom. I then stood the whisky and water all the way around, and I was a free and accepted mason. 