revision of the new testament. A most instructive ami interesting lecture, on " The Literary Aspect of the Revised JCdition of the Xew i'estament," was delivered at the Bishop's Registry, last Tuesday, by the head master of the Church of England Grammar School. The literary merit of the lecture, and the deep interest of the subject, justify our reprinting it in externa as reported in the Aiyia After a few remarks by His Lordship the JJishop, Mr. Morris rose nmlsaid— " X«> publication of modem times lias been waited for and received with as keen ail in terest as the revised version of the Sew Tes tament. Some 10 years ago the general feeling of the need for it came to a lie.ul—a feeling that the authorised version could be improved. Two hundred and sixty years had gone by since it was made, and during that period there has been an eager study of manuscripts and a general improvement in the standard of scholar ship. 'i'he translation in the reign of .Tames I. was made not more than a century and a quarter after the introduction of the study of Greek into Knglish Universities. A period twice, as long again has passed since the trans lation was made, and during a great.deal of that time the study of Greek has been more intense than at any period since the revival of letters. .Moreover it was well known that the text from which the translation was made was very faulty ; not tliiit the tau Its were serious, rather there was a large number of small errors that required correction. In 1SS70 it was felt that the time had come for an agreement mi a better text, and for Hrinyiny the English translation into harmony with the best know ledge of the day. 1 do not propose to go over the ground already traversed by most who have given an account of the revised version. I will assume that you take an interest in the subject, ax evinced by your attendance here to-day, know about tlie steps that were taken in the Convocation in the Province of Canter bury, and how the first committee that was formed lengthened its cords and strengthened its stakes. Many of you must be acquainted with the names and reputations of those who were engaged in the work. I venture to main tain that it would be well nigh impossible to have formed a better committee of revision. It might be that one could name here and there a name of an individual scholar not within the list the peer of those who were, 1 ait I am finite sure it would be impossible to name another committee of equal size which could even be compared with - it. Our- bishop has lately set before the Victorian public an es timate of the changes that the revised version is likely to effect in matters of doctrine. The sum of'a number of little alterations may pro duce an ini|N>rtant tendency. I wish at the outset to explain that my object is quite dif ferent. I propose to-day only to deal with questions of language. The bible has often ' been allied the "well of English midefiled," and those of us who have had much to do with the teaching of our own language know the exceeding great value of the Bible from this point of view. Some of our greatest writers, such as Macaulay and Kuskin, have drawn largely from the English of the Bible. Dr. Matthew Arnold, in his lectures on trans lating Homer, even lays it down as a general rale, that if a word is in the Bible you may use it, if not, you must avoid it. When the revision was pro|>osed there were many fears on tli3 score of language. Great scholars, it was said, are not always good writers, and committees are proverbially weak in grammar. A committee, like the English Cabinet, which consists of highly educated men, and masters of their own language, usually sends forth a Queen's speech that will not parse, and which would defy all attempts at analysis. The translators of King James's day had one ad vantage over those of to-day. Tiiey had not to stand ,i fierce fire of criticism. Kvety magazine and almost every newspaper written in the English language has by this time expressed an opinion, sometimes after a study of an hour or two, upon the work which a picked body of English scholars has taken 10 years to produce. So doubt the re visors will "have to stand some hard blows, but they will survive them. Plain men who want the latest results of scholarly criticism plainly set before them will feel deeply thankful to this band of scholars for the time and for the thought that they have spent upon this labour of love. Assuredly if their labours be not appreciated here and now, the great hereafter will bestow on them the crown their due. One expression we should be very particular to avoid—a now Bible. It is not a new Bible m any respect, and the use of such ail expression is so careless as to be wrong. This is the old Bible that we have known and loved so well, a little altered here and there, a little clearer, as v.-e might have made the old version clear whilst reading to a child. We must avoid expressions that may do infinite harm. The rule upon the subject of language which the committee of convocation prescribed for the revisers (it is the second) ran :—" To limit, as far as pos sible, the expression of alterations to the language of the authorised and earlier English versions." Let us consider what is meant by this. " As far as jiossible." The sense was to be made clear. The first rule had insisted upon faithfulness. The Knglish must repre sent the Greek, and it must be English that can be generally understood. Nothing less than this would be "faithful." But alter ations in language were not to be made unless tliev were advisable to make the meaning clear. At the same time, lx>th in the character of the words and in the style or character of the sentences, it was desired that the new version be of a piece with the old. To have the Bible in quite modern language was not what was wished. Everyone has felt that an air of antiquity gives a solemnity to the language of the holy text. An expression, a turn of sentence intelligible to the ordinary reader was, therefore, not to be banished, even though tlie former should have fallen somewhat into disuse, or the latter be not quite such as a writer of our own day would employ. One of the revisers has told us that the expression " innocent archaism" was very common at the table of the New Testament Committee. An innocent archa:sm is manifestly one one which does not and cannot lead astray. Of these I have culled a few :—" Now the birth of .Tcsus Christ was on this wise."—Matt, i. IS. " The good man of the house."—Markxiv. 14. "Every wliit whole."—John vii. 23. have Abraham 'to' our father."—Matt. iii. i). "To »3rve tables."—Acts vi. 2. "Whose fan is in his hand 'throughly' to cleanse his threshing-floor."—Luke in". 17. "Give me here in a 'charger' the head of John the Baptist."—Matt. xiv. 8. "For thy speech bewrayeth thee.',—Matt. xxvi. 73. " His disciples were an hungered."—Matt. xii. 1. The forms ' hath,' ' whiles,' ' holpen,' ' twain,' ' haply,' also occur commonly. Now, of these words there is none which could cause any difficulty unless it be the single word ' charger" ill the sense of a large dish. There is plenty of earlier authority for the word, going down at least as late as Dryden, but the word has become obsolete except in this single passage. I frankly confess, however, that no better word occurs to me to take its place. I see from the Hexapla that in the old versions it was cither "platter' or "dish." We should all feci that neither of these would improve the passage. A very unfamiliar word in the authorised version has kept its place in the revised version, in that place in the Acts xii. 4, where it is said' that Herod put Peter in prison, and delivered him to four "quater nions " of soldiers to keep him, The word lias of late vears acquired a new mathematical sense, which I mil not undertake to explain, but whether in the mathematical sense, or as this military term, it has a very unfamiliar sound; but again it would have been very dilllcult, well-nigh impossible, to find a good substitute. The careful conservatism of the revisers is shown in their keeping of the word "publican." Few Bible words are more fre quently misunderstood by the young or the ignorant. At its first use the marginal ex planation is added "collectors or renters of Koman takes." In ordinary parlnncc " publi can" has one meaning. In the Bible the word lias another and different one. The modern publican has sins enough of his own to bear, and is abused more often than can be pleasant to him. But lie sliares also the unpopularity of the ancient publican, classed with sinners, like the resectable solicitor who was much surprised to have quoted against him the text " Woe unto you lawyers." To show that the revisers have been thoroughly impressed with the desirability of imitating the older style of writing, I will read three or four verses in which the revisers have positively the more archaic mode of expression:— Authorised version. Revised Version. Acts xx. 10.—And Paul went down and fell on bini, and embracing bim, said, trouble not - yourselves; lor bis lite Slake ye no ado; for bis Is in him. life is in bim. Horn, iii <|.—What then ? What tnen? Are wc iu Areweljttertliantbc}-? worse case than they: No. in no wise. No, in no wise. Bom. iv. 20.—He stag- Looking uuto the prorais! gered not at the promise of God be wavered not of God through un- through unbelief, bnt belief, but was strong in waxed strong through faith, giving glory to faith, giving glory to God- God, 2 Tbess. ii. 15.—Who both killed the Lord Jesus and their own prophet, and have persecute ns. And drave out u?. At the end of the Testament are to be fount some interesting pages. They are a list ol readings and renderings preferred by t!« American committee, recorded at their desire. In some notices of the revision you may fine (•coifs at the Americans, as if because the Americans of our day have invented a. new anc peculiar kind of humour, all Americans spoke in tlie language .and after the manner of Marl Twain. Sow it is hardly well enough lenowv that educated Americans speak a siugularlj pure English. If hurricanes of debasec English are raging all round them, they maj feel it more necessary to be purists, just as it Hanover the best High German is said to b( spoken, whereas properly it is a low Gemini community. In the same way speakers anc writers of Boston and of New England gene rally are very careful in phraseology and ii grammar." The Americans, however, who wen consulted on the revision would have made i cleaner sweep of archaisms than their Englisl brethren. 1'or 'Holy Ghost' they adop the rendering 'Holy Spirit."' To conside this would take ine into doctrinal question! which I would rather now avoid. Snifice it ti say tliat Dr. Vance Smith, in the " Nincteentl Century," is veiy warmly, in favour of thi change. The American committee would sub stitutb "try" or " make trial of " for " tempt,' ii wherever enticement to' what is wrong is not evidently spoken of.1' ; They refer - to pas sages where such substitution .should ly'made, even snch as Matthew iv. 7, •"'* Thou / 'M not 1 tempt* the Lord thy God," in t» * very account of what we laiow so well % ; Hie "Temptations" of Christ. They ii' - con1 demn two or three of the innocent jv rmisuis which the revisers have preserved :— I "Wist" v« imt that 1 must l>n <in nr other's hou«s"\—LuUe s». r>. i Antl Paul sni'l, 1 '* wist*' not, brethren, th t be; was lush priest—Acts xxiii. 5. ; AnJ now.! rctVren, I " wot" tba^in !pr« vico ye dhl it..—Acts iiu 17. • What I shall cb«nsc T *' wot** not.—Phil, J * \ • TWt nnplv be ahale'' thre unto tliu — Luke x»i. 58. J Saul laM waste th- rbwrcSi. cntermc **•1 * every bouse, and 44 hatinc" men and women, f -'-imlt ul them to prison.—Acts viii. 3 (To be Continual). ' ! 