HISTORY OF THE FORTNIGHT. [From oar owa Correspondent.] London, October 7. It is a pleasant sign to find so many of tfie ohief items of the fortnight's-budget relate to matters of oommeroial enterprise, espeoially as they coincide with the publication of the most cheering revenue returns that the country has Been for a long time. Nearly every source of revenue is more productive than it waB last year, and the total increase for the quarter ending^ in Sept-mber, as compared with the corresponding period of 1880, is over a million pounds. The balance from the customs is a.sure proof of the improved spending means of the people, and the simultaneous increase in stamps is another satis factory feature of the return. The leading papers comment favorably on these figures, and are agreed in sanguine anticipations, long experience having demonstrated that a revival from a hand-to-mouth trade, suoh as that whioh has prevailed for the last two years, is followed very gradually by an improvement of revenue, so that the present favorable return, according to all precedent, is but an earnest of better things to come. . In the Great Eastern and the Orient steam ships the shipbuilders have an example of a big failure and a big suooessto guide them in their present enterprises, and they are profiting by it. It is the transatlantic traffic whioh will have the advantage of the latest development of their skill, bub these additions to the finest commer cial navy in the world have a general interest as indicating the tendenoy of modern marine architecture. This is in the direction of extreme length and vast engine-power. J.he _ Inman liner, City of Home, whioh made her trial trip the other day, is of the ail-but unparalleled length of 586feet. Only one vessel afloat surpasses her, and that is the unfortunate Great Eastern, which is about 100 feetdonger. But the moit marked difference between the two is that, while the Great-Eastern, with her enormous burden of 22,500 tons, had only a ratio of o « horse-power to 14 tons, the City of Borne, with about 9,000 tons burden, has an indicated horse power of 10,000. It is not alone in point of space that travellers to-day are better off than their fathers, but those who go to sea m a well appointed Australian or Atlantic liner.find the. comfort, not to say the luxury of their accom modation something vaBtly different from what Charles Dickens so amusingly described when he made his first voyage to America forty years &^B*ig steamers require big berths,_ and while Liverpool, in the recent dock extensions opened by the Prince of Wales, takes care of her trans atlantic trade, London is not likely to be behind hand in providing for a traffic with all parte of the world. The Australian trade is particularly concerned in the East and West India Dock Company's proposal to construct new docks at Tilbury, the lowest point of the Thames, at which docks of any magnitude can be built. They will be approaohable at all times of i^-e tide by the largest steamers, and vessels will be able to .dispense with towage and to steam right into their berths. In l us way it is estimated that twelve hours will be saved in docking. Since the company opened its new South West India Dock iu It :0 the steamer traffic has doubled, the total nam tor of steamers visiting the port last year being 6 032, the length of the vessels, too, having in creased from 300 or 350 feet to 500 or 550 fee The new scheme looks promising, and ib afford an eloquent proof of the growth of the trade ot London, and the enterprise of her oifcizenB. The speeches at the opening of the Leather Trades' Exhibition, now being held at the Agricultural-hall, were refreshing in their cheery tone, and important in their bearing - upon the " fair trade" agitation out of which a section of the Conservative party are striving to make a capital. The Lord Mayor, in one of the many nractical orations he has delivered during his year of offioe now rapidly approaching >*J close, said he entertained no sort of fear for t no success of the British workman if hisnatu.- U skill was only developed by proper fceohni.il education. The statistics quoted well war ranted his lordship's expression ot confidence, for it is precisely in the making of boots and shoes that pre-eminence has been bo generally claimed for French craftsmen. No_ deubt iu years gone by onr home productions wore inferior in style and finish to those of the foreigner, but we have changed all that, and the result is thBt while our exports of boots aud shoes to the colonies and elsewhere are on taa increase, onr imports of similar wares from France are rapidly declining. Alderman Ojttou'3 speech was a remarkable one, earning from suoh a man. One or two previous speakers had cautiously exposed the cloven hoof of protec tion in insisting that if there is " nothing liae leather" there ought to he nothing but English leather. Thereupon Alderman Oofcton startled his audience by an outspoken denunciation of he folly of such opinions, and suggesting that the "Fair Trade League" should honestly change its name to the Foul Trade League." The Tory alderman, being a great dealer in foreign hides, may not have been altogether an impartial advocate, but it was truly signifi cant that, though his audience consisted entirely of English leather manufacturers, the cheers overwhelmed the groans that his remarks at Erst elioited. That there is to be a stiff fight over the pro tection question bsoomes more and more evi dent, and the prospeot of the fray acts npoa Borne of the veterans of the Anfci-Oorn Law League muoh like the sound of the trumpet en the old warhorse. The "fair traders" and " National leaguers" will find it diffioult to stand against the withering fire of A£r. Baxters artillery of free trade arguments and statistics. Mr. Baxter shows that the reciprocitarians, iu pitting'411 millions of imports against 283 * millions of exports entirely omit from their calculation of national wealth the 55 millions income aocruing to us from foreign investment® in addition to about 45 millions profits fron the shipping trade, and some 25 millions mer chant', profits. He quite supports Lord Derby's opinion as to our material progress, If the nation haB indeed been advancing towards bankruptcy, as " fair traders" affirm, there ate a good many men of business who would high'y relish a progress to insolvency after the same example. This a month of congresses, and espeoially of religious ones. The Ohuroh Congress shows a satisfactory development of vitality aud useful ness on the attainment of its majority, whioh it is celebrating at Newcastle. A hazardous experiment at the outset, by reason of the violent animosity of rival parties in the ohuron, and even now not always free from turbulent encounters, the congress affords. the_ readiest means of utilising the counsel and assistance of able and earnest laymen without compromising the theoretically ecclesiastical character of the ohnrch's internal government. It is presided over by the Bishop of Durham, who onoe de scribed himself as a man of no party—*.u excellent qualification for the chairman of a meeting which sets itself to discuss barnicg questions, introduced probably by extreme partisans. Of oourse the friends of the Rev. Mr. Green seized the opportunity to make oat as strong a case as they could for the^excluaioa of secular authority entirely iu doiliug with ecclesiastical offences, but what was far more useful was the disoussion on the prevalence of secularism, which, in the belief of the Sev, Harry Jones, of St. George'a-iu-the-East, who made a forcible speech on the subject indicated a natural reaction from a period of spiritual un reality. Did not the V6ry prevalence of secular - ism suggest that the church had not fuliv realised its duty iu respect to material improve ment of this life ? That the church ia awaken ing more and more to the importance of in teresting itself in social movements is indicated by the multiplicity of topics relating to_ matters of every-day existence which came within the scope of its deliberations. A better safeguard this against this establishment tbau any amount ot toleration of diversity cf ritual, the mooting of which caused an evening to ba little better than wasted in useless squabbling. The Congregational Union, whioh is holding its jnbilee meetings in Manchester has a history of which it may be proud, and aa importance ia respect to numbers and wealth second only to the State Church, whose position as the domi nant oreed of the realm it once usurped for a brief if not inglorious period. But the independency of which Cromwell and Milton were the moat famous adherent a was a different sort of, oread from the Congre gationalism of the day, even as the powerful organization, formed for the purpose of mufcuv. aid, ia a considerable deviation from the prin ciple of isolated church government, which is * distinguishing feature, of Congregationalism; The advantages of thepresBnt system, howeve-% sre patent. There are over a thoaaan 5 delegates assembled at the present meeting, a larger number than ever was known before. Foiiewing the example set at another- im portant epoch in. their history—in 1S63 the bi centenary of the ejeotment of the 2,000 Non conformists from the Church oCEngland, when a quarter of a million of money was raised ror Nonconformist objects—the Congregationalism have started a jubilee fund with a similar pur pose. Tbe transactions of the congress mainly concern the church in qnostion, but the presi dent's address bad an interest for thonghtful persons generally. Dr. Allon dealt at consider able length with current theological controver sies, and expressed the opinion that the chur -n of the future would be that in which theological teaching and religious nurture provided most fully for the spiritual necessities of men. After a lapse of twenty years the Sooial Science Congress meets in Dublin again, and has the melancholy satisfaction of listening to a reoital of sundry reforms in Irish legal pro cedure, while lawlessness and sedition are mere rife than ever. Sooial soience will have a great triumph if it succeeds where political skill hai so long labored in vain, and, according to Lord Derby, is likely still to see no reward, for his lordship fas no faith that the new Land Bill will remove any diffioulty, except that it frees onr consciences to enable the Irish people to obey the law. The revolutionary demonstration of jest Sunday painfully endorses this depressing opinion. Lord O'Hsgan, as president of tbe Social Scienoe Congress, reviewed Ireland through rose- colored spectacles, and with regard to education was able to mention one Aot of the British Legislature that had excited Hibernian gratitude, the passing of the Intermediate Eduoation Bill. Thisia refreshing, but it was only by gliding gingerly over the thin ioe of Irish polemics that Lord. O'Hagan managed to string together bo agreeable an address. He knew as well aB his hearers that sooial diseases are not to be cured by the careful hiding away of unpleasant truths, and the copious pouring out of soft sentiments. The tender meroies of Bumbledon are ever the same. It is too late for the stereotyped "enquiry" to do any good to the poor girl, Sarah Jackson, who, homeless at the age of 15, died for want of proper attention in a low district of -South London because the ralieving officer refused the necessary order. His only excuse is that his official dignity was touohed by the way in whioh the girl's neighbors de manded his services; and it is clear enough that the wretched girl was a victim to the triple antagonism existing between the poor, the medioal profession, and the relieving officers— in short, of our poor law system. So was the unfortunate imbecile whom the ward superin tendent ordered into a cold bath the other day and mopped sb though he were the side of a house. He will have to answer for his conduct before a legal tribunal, upon whioh he may well hope 'some more merciful magistrate will preside than his worship of the Olerkenwell Police Oourt, whose monstrous sentence of a month's impri sonment upon Annie Purchase on a charge of stealing workhouse clothing, raised so prompt and loud an outcry from offended public opinion. The guardians had no difficulty in deciding that the accused, who had simply gone home to her mother's, had no felonious intention, and our Home Secretary, who has proved himself ere this to be a man of generous impulses, lost no time in remitting tbe sentence when the neces sary formalities had been complied with. The revolver nuisance has caused the opening of the burglary season to be enlivened with more than an average number of sensational inci dents. The public have been moved to com miseration with .-the police by a murderous attaok too Buooessfully made on a member of the force at the suburb of Kingston. The un fortunate constable seems to have surprised a burglar at Mb work, and to have been instantly disabled by a shot from a revolver, to wMch he soon succumbed. Not the slightest clue was obtainable as to his assailant, who iB still at large. As a set off to that tragio occurrence tbe police at Balham, another suburb, have drawn upon themselves no little ridioule by a particu larly awkward blunder. Two sagacious officers on the alert for burglars, approaohed a partly open door through which a light was gleaming, and were saluted by the inevitable revolver. There could, of course, be no hesitation after that, and the aggressor was brought to bay and felled by a truncheon npon the stairoase. Explanations followed, and the wounded man was discovered to be the householder himself, who is now in hospital cursing both his defence and his would-be defenders. Day by day persevering students and experi menters are deduoing and revealing new faots in connection with the subtle and woudrous force known as electricity, whilst more praotioal men are adopting its powers to useful purposes. In this way we may suppose that eventually it will happen of electricity, as it has of steam, that we shall know all about it. Among the I more recent applications of its peculiar oharac- ! teristios is that of attaching an electrioal apparatus to a ship's log, and making it register with extreme aconracy the speed of a vessel. This invention proceeds from Mr. Kelway, of Portsmouth.'- It must also be put on record that the little town of Godalming, in Surrey, h&8 been the earliest to utilise water power for the production of the requisite eleotrio force to light its streets, thus setting an example to other communities whioh are bold enough to emancipate themselves from the tyranny of gas companies; while at Giant's Causeway, in Ire land, the first sod has been cat of a tramway whioh it is intended to work by eleotricity. No little excitement prevails in the village of Church Stretton, in Shropshire, with respect to as genuine a ghost story as ever sect chills through a cirole round a winter's fireside. Seven years ago a certain Sarah Duokett left the neighborhood to go to Australia. She re mained there about eighteen months, and then returned to her native village. She left her trnnkat the Church Stretton railway, station, and was seen walking along the road on the evening of her return, then she suddenly dis appeared, and she has never been seen since. The present awaking of interest in her fate is due to the faot that a respectable farmer declares that one night he saw the apparation of the lost woman, who glided by Ma side until they approached the shaft of a disused copper mine, -down which she disappeared. Other credible witnesses afterwards saw the same figure, and as the usual way to aooouut for a disembodied spirit revisiting the glimpses of the moon is that there has been fonl play, the shaft (which was filled in about the time of her disappearance) is being cleared on the chance— seemingly in the expectation—of discovering her remains. Tbe work is not finished yet, and I will not ventuie to predict the result. The circumstances, however, strongly remind one of Mark Twain's wonderful dream. Guided by tbe indications revealed in Ms nooburnal vision he proceeded with unerring preoision along a cavern he had never Mi ore explored to a particular atone, under which in his dream he had seen a human skeleton. Tour readers probably remember what he found on solemnly lifting the stcue. " There wasn't Bny bones there." The weather is affording a Bplendid oppor tunity for tbe exercise of patience or the indul gence of hearty grumbling, according to one's method of meeting the: inevitable. Instead of enjoying the mellow beauty which sometimes gives English country life a singular charm iu the autumn, we are visited with bleak winds and oold showers belonging unmistakably to winter. London has bad its- first fogs, and the country its first, slight, snowfalls. All this, is very unpleasant, but it affordB noground for the prophecies of a hard winter, since in a climate like ours prophecies, and meteorological science are alike at a loss. With all its drawbacks, the country is fer the present to be preferred to town. Sportsmen find partridges and pheasants in plenty, and real rnns after real foxes are be ginning—not wretched burlesques of foxhunt ing like those at the Alexandra Palace. "Tbe horn of the hunter is heard on the hills," truly enough, but a genuine huntsman of the old sohool would be wounded in his most sacred feelings to see circus riders, dressed in red jaokets, careering with a pack of hounds after a fox who does not know his business, and stupidly waits for them wherever he is setfree. The Rev. A., 0. Gillies is to lecture in the Ohristain Chapel, Grate-street, this evening, on " The inspiration of the Bible." " There was recently, or there is still," Iron states, "a vessel in Queenstown harbor wbicb is remarkable as being probably destined to wotk a revolution in the supply of fish to laTge towns. The Raphael, owned by Messrs. Cabissol et Gie., of Marseilles—formerly the Oollingwood, of Newcastle—is a schooner- rigged steamer, of 581 tons net register, and able to carry about 1,000 tons deadweight, including fuel. She- oarries two steam launohes for fish ing, and bad on board, when arriving at Queens town, 500 tons of ealmou and tront,.whioh she commenced catching at Labrador and Sandwich Bay on the 10th June last, and she was eight days coming to port. Her holds are her metically sealed and refrigerated, and the fish lie in wooden trayB. The refrigerating apparatus need not be described, as it is similar to those familiar to our readers. Bu>; the experiments with tbe vessel demonstrate that fish may be kept on board for months, and then be porfeotly fit for food. Moreover, this vessel oonld come to port fcr orders, and wait as easily as if she carried grain. She could go to London, Liverpool, Rouen (for Paris), or even Bombay, and sell her cargo in large or small quantities without any fear of glutting the market. She could bring fish of one country to ports where the like has never been seen before; and, indeed, we need not ex patiate upon what such a vessel could do iu the way of bringing a fresh supply. She could de liver a cargo in London and go to the North Sea fishing groundB (if the prospeots were good) and run cargo thence to Billingsgate safely in the hottest weather." The recent visit of the American Society of Civil Engineers to Niagara Falls has drawn renewed attention (Iron says) to the works for utilising some of. the enormous water-power of Niagara river whioh are now in progress under tbe auspices cf a new company. The oanal was originally constructed by Horace H. Day, of New York, in the year 1850, at a cost of 250,000 dole. The eaual debouches from the river above tbe falls, and disobargea into the reservoir below them, being about three-quarters of a mile in length, Its dimensions at present are about 35 feet in width by 10 feet in depth; but-the new company have land enoagh se cured to enlarge it, when necessary, >.o 100 feet wide. There is a fall of 2 feet in the length of the canal. It is arranged to extend the reservoir, as required, to a mile in length along the river bank, its width being 70 feet, and depth same as the canal. Four- wheels, owned by private individuals, were in operation formerly. The new company, formed some four years ago, bought tbe old undertaking at a mere song, and is now developing the scheme into a thoroughly organised water- power company. They have nearly completed a wheel pit not far from the lower extremity of the present reser voir, 40 feet long by 20 feet wide, sunk in the solid rook £6 feet,.from which a tunnel, 10 feet by 6 feet, has been bored for discharging tbe wastewater into the river. It is proposed to ultimately plsce three wheels in this pit, but fur the preeent only afiOrinyh Risdon turbine is in position, under a head of 86 feet, developing some 1,100 horse power. The water is led frota tbe-reservoir.to the wheels by huge iron pipes, The total available head is about 220 feet, whixb, after deducting, the 86 feet at present employed, leaves.some 1,34 feet yet available. Tte possibilities.pf power appear at first sight to be inexhaustible. i 