GENTLEMAN JIM. Br MRS. JULIA. C. R. DORR. That's what we all called him, sir—Gentleman Jim. It was in the winter of 73. Ever been through the Lakes, sir 1 Up the Soo, and then on through Lake Superior as far as Marquette ? Well, that's where we were that year, twenty or thirty of us, gettin' out lumber for the Eagle Mills. Oh, no! Not in Marquette. Marquette was a city, with, a mayor and a board of aldermen, graded schools, and waterworks, even then. Not many pine-trees growing in her streets, if she was young. The Eagle Mills were nine miles out—up the iailroad. Not much of a settlement. Just the Mills, and the company's office, and a great barn of a boardin' house, and half a dozen shanties, and one snug little house, not much bigger'n a bird's-nest, where Mr. Sterle—he was our young boss, sir—had brought his wife the year before. A queer place for a bride ? Well, it was. Lonesome ? That's no word for it. The piney woods had crowded close up round the Mills once; but the best of the trees had been cut down, and the woods on one side had been burned over time and again. So now, as far as you could see toward the south, there were blackened stumps and charred logs, and here and there tall, bare trees standin' out against the sky, like black ghosts, as it were. Further on was what I once heard a highflier of a lecturer call the " forest primeval." You might have gone on for days and days, till you came out at Mackinaw, and never seen a white man's face nor the smoke of his campfire. Before and behind stretched the narrow track that ran from Marquette to the iron mines, and the cars went thundering by many times a day. But there were no roads to speak of—no neighbors ; and beyond the Mills were the woods where we were at work fellin' the trees and doing our level best to spoil that side, as we had t'other. For the woods are all right as long as you let 'em alone. It is only when men begin to meddle with 'em that they grow strange and awesomelike, with shadows comin' and goin'. But, as I >vas a-sayin' it was a strange place for a bride to come to. We men wondered a bit as to how she would take to the new life when we saw her step off the cars on to the little platform and look round over the wild placo, with eyes that were as soft and dark as a young fawn's. She wa'n't over twenty—a slight young thing, with brown hair all waves and crinkles and little wind-blown curls, and lips as red as strawberries. That was all we saw that day; for she put her hand right into her husband's, and he led her into the little house and shut the door behind 'em. But, bless you, sir, if there's love inside the house, it don't seem to make much difference to a true wife what's outside of it; and, as for her, she didn't seem to be a bit more lonesome than that sparrow does on the bough yonder. Ever read the " Arabian Nights," sir ? I thought so. Most folks has. Well, you'd lia' thought of 'em if you could ha' just stepped out o' the woods into that little house, after she'd been there awhile. Flowers a-blossoinin in the windows, and vines a-wanderin' everywhere, and books and pictur's, and a pianer, ! and all her little useless trinkets such as women- folks set store by. It was just as pretty as a pictur'. I don't know a great deal about women, not bein' a married man myself and havin' lived in the woods mostly ; but she seemed just as contented as the ladies I've seen in the cities this winter. Anyhow, it brightened up the place for every man of us just to catch glimpses of her now and then, with a flower in her hair; or sometimes of a summer evening, to hear her singin' like a lark, or, leastwise, like a brownthrasher. I don't know much about larks, either, not bein' used to 'em. And of a Sunday she used to sing hymns. It was as good as goin' to meetin', every wbit. You think she might have been afraid sometime 1 Why, what was there to be afraid of ? There wa'n't a man about the place who wouldn't ha' laid down his life for her. Still, I don't say but some women would ha' been afraid; for there were half-breeds round, and it was rough up there, no mistake. But if she was she didn't show it. A good deal of snow up there 1 I guess so. You never saw snow. You don't know what it means. You've Been it three feet on a level ? Three feet! Humph 1 What would you think of eeein' the cars come in day after day for weeks together between two walls of snow as straight and solid as blocks of marble, and BO high you could only see the top o' the smoke-stack 1 What would you think o' walkin' on a snowdrift right up on to the roof of the highest mill? Or of walkin' on the crust over the train of cars as completely buried out of sight as a potato you've just planted ? I've done that, as late as the seventeenth day of April, too. The hardest of it was when the trains couldn't run for days together, and we were just shut into that white world of snow. And that happened pretty often. No, Bir, you' folks down here don't know anything about Bnow—the beauty of it nor the terror of it either. Last till midsummer ? Well, that's the queerest thing about it. 1 When it goes, it makes a business of it. It don't melt, and melt, and drizzle away by inches. It just sinks right down into the sandy soil and vanishes; and before you can catch your breath there are green things and flowers everywhere, and birds a-singin', and all the woods are pink and white with May-flowers. You make such a fuss about 'em down here when you happen to find a handful. Why they used to blossom out right under our feet in the millyard, and it was as much as we could do to keep the dainty little beauties off the railroad track ! Fact, sir. Trailin' arbutus 1 Well, yes, I believe that's what some folks call it. But I was goin' to tell you about Gentleman Jim. We got to callin' him that in the first place, because we were a set o' blackguards, I suppose, and wanted to run some sort of a rig on him. He dropped down on us one day out o' the sky, as it were, and wanted work. John Smith had broke his leg the day before, and Mr. Sterle was just goin' up to Neguanee, to see if he could find a hand. So he looked Gentleman Jim over sharply for a minute, and then stepped off the platform " All right," says he. " There's work enough to do here if you can do it." " I can try," says the fellow, quietly like. A.nd the next day he went into the woods. I was foreman o' the gang, and, aB was only my duty with a new hand, I watched him pretty close ; and to this day, sir, I can't tell what it was about the man that made me mistrust at once't, he wa'nt quite one of us. But "twa'n't none o' my business, and so I said nothin'. The men didn't take to him at first. They sneered at him behind his back, and called him " the dandy" and " Miss Nancy." I don't know why. His clothes were as rough as the roughest; but somehow he wore 'em different—wore 'em like a man who had been used to better ones. He'd been with us a day or two when someone called out: " Look-a-here, stranger, what might yername be, if 'tain't too good to be spoken here V' He pulled his cap down over his eyes, and he colored up clear to his forehead. Then he said: " Call me Jim. Jim—Leonard, if you like." But somebody muttered : " 'T'wont do to be so familiar, boys." (And I won't say but what there was a word with two d's before it went before that " familiar." As you seem to be a minister, I'll leave out the swearin".) " Better call him Gentleman Jim." So Gentleman Jim he was from that day. It was just a bit o' deviltry. There wa'n't any downright malice in it, and he took it in good part enough, just laugliin' and touchin' his cap to the first man't called him so. But it wa'n't two weeks before the sting had all gone out of it, and the men called him Gentleman Jim just as they called me Judd Mason. The name fitted liim, somehow. There wa'n't a steadier or a harder worker in the woods than Gentleman Jim. He was a slight-built man, thirty-five, maybe, though his hair was grey as a badger. He looked as if he'd seen trouble. And he wa'n't over'n above strong; but he made his wits serve him in place of muscle; and whoever else shirked a hard job it wa'n't Gentleman Jim. He asked no odds of any man, and always played fair. He never had much to say, and was the one man in the woods who never told a rough story; never seemed to hear 'em either, for that matter. As the months went on I used to wonder what became of his wages. He was paid up prompt every week. There was nobody belongin' to him, as we could find out. He didn't write any letters, nor get any. He never touched liquor, and he spent next to nothin'. There was a savings-bank down to Marquette, but he had no account there. Yet, in one way or 'nother, bein' foreman and kind o' head man amongst 'em, I used to learn a deal about the men's affairs without asking questions. I most generally found out by Monday night t' he hadn't a red cent in his pocket—not a cent. We cut down some splendid trees that winter, regular old stagers. I declare I was as proud as a peacock o' that lumber. One day, along in March, the men were at work upon one of the biggest, when I happened to think that maybe Mrs. Sterle would like to see it come down. So I piled some buffalo-skins and blankets on one of the ox-sleds and went after them. How far, did you ask ? Oh 1 only four or five miles. But we had a sort of a camp up there—a roughly built house, with two or three rooms down below and a loft overhead with bunks for thirty men. One of the hands lived there with his wife and boarded the rest of us. But, as I was saying, I went down after the boss and his lady. She was ready enough for the lark; and after she bad wrapped herself in her furs and hood, off we started. Ever been in the woods in winter, sir ? Then you've lost a deal. Though I don't suppose the woods hereabout are like those up north, anyhow. It does seem kind of impertinent to meddle with 'em. Don't it, now ? I leave it to you, sir. Just to think o' cuttin' down trees that ha' been growin' and growin' and drinkin' in the sunshine and the dew for hundreds of years, just to make floorin' and timber for the use o' such a short-lived creeter as man. Why the one we felled that day was a good-sized saplin' when Christopher Columbus discovered America. We counted the rings, sir, and when it lay on the ground, if 'you were on one side you couldn't see the oxen and men on t'other side. It was clear and cold, thawing a little in the sun. The sky was blue as a harebell, and the air was like wine, it set your blood to dancin' so. The woods were full o' winter birds—gay, fearless creeters, that just sot still and looked at us as we passed by; and the snow was covered with the tracks o' wild things that we never could catch sight of. I ain't much of a Christian, sir, so to speak —that is, I don't belong to no church ; but I never could be out in them woods, and see all the life that went on in 'em, even in the dead o' winter, and think o' all the flowers that were livin' under the snow, without feelin' sartin that One that took care o' them would look out for us. And I hope He knows I thought of Him. Did you see them dark blue flowers that girl carried by just now? Vi'lets I believe they call 'em. Well, as we rode along that day, every little hollow in the snow was lined with just that color—a shimmering blue light that seemed to fill 'em with a sort o' glory. You'd ought to see it, sir. • There had been a flurry o' snow the night before, and the road was pretty well filled in. It took me longer to go and come' than I'd calculated on, and as soon as we got to camp I see 't the tree was about to fall. It shivered against the sky as if there was a thrill running through its great body. We had planned to cut it so't would fall in a partly cleared place, where the standin' timber wa'n't good for much, and it was leanin' a little mite in the right direction. The men were all at safe distance except Gentleman Jim and another fellow who were to give the death- strokes. I gave 'em the signal. The swift sharp strokes rang out, and we waited, waited, holding our very breaths. My Lord! Just as the great top began to move, someone gave a loud cry; for right there on the edge of the clearing, on a line with the toppling tree, were Jack Elliott's two children, coming straight towards us, as careless as could be ! They had come up on the crust to see the big tree go down. Every man of us started on the run. But what was the use f We were rods away. Then Gentleman Jim bounded forward- like a deer, caught those children, one at a time, and, with mighty effort, hurled them far out into the snow. And the great tree came down, down, down, cleavin' the air with a gwisli and a rush, like the sound of many waters. Oh, no I He wa'n't killed, sir; though we all thought he must be. He lay on his face where he had been knocked down, with a great weight o' green boughs a-pressin' on him; but he wa'nt dead. It took us a long time to cut away the branches. The body o' the tree had missed him as by a hand's breadth. Then we carried him into the house and laid him on the bed in the little room that opened out o' the livin' room. He was alive, and that was all. 1 could just feel his heart beat. You never see men so cut up. They crowded into the outside room and stood with their caps in their hands as if—as if— there was a king a-dyin'in there. Jack Elliott, he was a-cryin' like a baby, and the two children sat on a log outside the door, lookin' scared and dazed. They was old enough to understand what had happened and how it happened. Mrs. Sterle called 'em to her pretty soon, and made'm cuddle up beside her under the buffaloes. She alwayB took to children. Meanwhile one of the men had dashed down to the Mills, to catch the first train for Marquette, after the doctor. But it would be hours before he could get back. By-and-bye Mr. Sterle came out of the bedroom. " The house must be cleared, my men" he said, in a low voice. " We must have air and quiet. You will all go away but Judd'' (that was me, sir) "and Jack Elliott, and we will do the best we can for the poor fellow." We undressed him as carefully as we could, and I own up that I was astonished j though as I said before, I had mistrusted all along that Gentleman Jim wa'n't exactly a lumberman born and bred. But Mr. Sterle, he looked, puzzled enough. The man's outside clothes were rough and coarse. So were his flannels. Just such as the rest of us wore. But underneath 'em he had on a shirt and a pair o' drawers o* soft white silk, fine enough for the Queen o' Great Britain. I took notice of his feet. They'd never done much hard trampin' before that winter. Not a real hard callus onto 'em, and the. Bkin was as smooth and white! I just pointed to 'em, and says I to Mr. Sterle: Look a-tbere, Sir!" " Yes, I see," said he. And then he never spoke another word. Not one, Mrs. Sterle come into the house, and Jack Elliott took his children home on the sled and came back again. And then we waited and waited. It must ha' been four o'clock before he stirred or made a sound. Then he began to mutter and whisper, and he seemed to be feeling round after something. But we couldn't make out a word he said, though his hands flew round pretty lively, and his face grew hot, and his voice was hoarse and strained. All the time he was feelin' about over the bedclothes and his own clothes. Mrs. Sterle went up to him and put her hand on his forehead. He drew it againBt his cheek and was quiet for a minute. But pretty soon he was feeling round again. " Look in his pockets, Will," she said. But there was nothing in 'em he could ha' wanted. His pocket-book was empty, as usual. It was pitiful to see him, with his eyes fixed on her face and his lips a movin'. The little lady's eyes filled with tears. " Come here, Will," she aaid to her husband. " See that black ribbon under his shirt. There's something hanging round his neck." , Mr. Sterle took hold of the ribbon and pulled out a little oiled-silk bag. Gentleman Jim gave a cry when he see it, and, catchin' hold of it, lay quiet as a lamb. " There," thinks I to myself—" there's where he keeps his money; and I'm glad of it if he's going to be laid up. And if he ain't, there's his funeral." You see I knew how it would be with myself, sir. When I die, I don't want to be buried like no pauper! He dropped away again as soon as he got hold o* the bag, and lay just like a dead man till the doctor came. It was old Dr. Porter. He looked at Jim for a full minute, liftin' his eyebrows and shuttin' of his lips, before he touched him or said one word. I see't he took notice o' the silk shirt and o' other things. Truth was, as the man lay there, with his hair brushed out and his coarse clothes off, he didn't look no more like a workin'-man than—than—you do yourself this minute, sir. One of his ribs was broken, and he was bruised all over, and there was concussion o' the brain or something. The doctor shook his head. " It will go hard with him," he said, " though if he were where he belongs he might pull through. But here " And he looked round over the bare, rough room. " You see, Mr. Sterle, he's not exactly—well, perhaps I might say not quite the man you would expect to find up here with the wood-choppers." "Yes, I do see it now," said Mr. Sterle, " but the fact is he has been in camp all winter and I have hardly spoken to him. I really do not know what to do." " I do," said Mi's. Sterle, her cheeks growing red. " He must have better care than he can have here, or he'll die, surely. Lift this bed on to the sled, and take him down to Milcote." For that was what they called their little neat in the woods. I see't Mr. Sterle's face brightened up, though he made some objections on account of the trouble it would give his wife. But she wouldn't hear to him, and I think I never was gladder of anything in my life'n I was when we got him safely down there." She opened the door of her own room, on the ground floor, and we carried him in and laid him on the bed. I tell you, havin' just come out o' camp and all, it did seem just like heaven in that white, quiet room. High up against the ceilin', runnin' round like a frieze (I believe that's what they call it, nowadays), there was a sentence printed out in red and yellow leaves. I read it as I came out. " He giveth his beloved sleep"—that's what it was. I thought Gentleman Jim ought to get well there, if anywhere. But as the days went by I began to have my doubts about it. He didn't know any of us. Mr. Sterle and Jack and I took turns a-sittin' up nights. But he wouldn't take one drop o' medicine or one bit o' food from anybody but Mrs. Sterle. Lord ! how his eyes did follow her. And all the time he hung onto that bag for dear life. Why didn't we examine it? Why, because 'twas plain as the nose on your face't he didn't want us to. Besides, we B'posed his money waa in it, and what did we want 'o that ? But one day he seemed lower 'n ever, and when the Doctor came 'n see 't he was sinkin' he looked real down in the mouth. He'd got kind o' interested in the case, no doubt. " Can't you manage to get hold of that bag i" says he to the lady, speakin' low. "Theremust be somebody in the world who knows the poor fellow. We can't afford to wait any longer." " I'll try," says she. And just then, as sure as you live, he dropped asleep and let go 'o the bag. , She whipped out a pair o' scissors and clipped that string quicker'n lightnin'. We went out into the other room. I see she was all of a tremble, " You open it," says the doctor, kind o' quiet. There was something thin and flat in it, folded up in a piece o'tissue paper. Nothing in this wide world but just a white card, with the dried' stems of a rose and two geranium leaves fastened on with a drop o' red sealin'-wax. The leaves and the flower were all crushed to a dry powder from bein' held in his poor hot hand so long. 