YOUNG- IE.ELÂM): \- A FRAGMENT OF IRISH HISTORY.4* ; [BY BIB CIIAEL1ÏS GAVAN DTJinfY, K.C.M.U.J CHAPTER V.-TEACHING OF THE NATION. To teaoh a people emerging from thia long servi- tude to appreciate public rights afc a just value, and to assert them, not with the fury and fickle- ness of slaves, but with moderation and firmness, was nofc an easy task. To many se'f-complacent porsons, and to all tho fanatics of major force, it will seem plain indeed that it is a task which ought never to have been undertaken ; the duty of a good citizen being to exhort tho people to be content with their lot. But there are surely some who will better understand tho premises. A man has but one mother country : if ho sees her m rags and tears while her next neighbour is in comfort and splendour, it is scarcely good to bo content or to preach contentment. If ho knows that she is living under the lash bf unequol laws, that the sword of justice has been lou g turned against her bosom as a weapon of assault, that sho was made poor and is kept poor by perverse legislation, ifc would be baso to be content; for " nations aro not called on like privato larsons when smitten on one cheek to turn the other." f Tho first and hardest stop was to revive self reliance and self-respect, which tho system passed in review had nearly extinguished in tho mass of the people. Tho next, to familiarizo thom with rights and duties long in abeyance. A man with clear convictions and exact knowledge is a greater power than ten men wanting theso endowments, and force and tension of character may bo increased in a community in tho same proportion. If Ireland was to roly on opinion alone in her contest with England, the need was great that opinion should not enly be organized as O'Connell proposed to organize it, but that it should be informed and disciplined. The mo3fc disheartening of the popular errors were assailed one after another, and week after week, with a fulness of knowledge new in Irish journalism, and a fire of conviction which was contagious. Tho influence which theso young mon carno to win in Irish affairs will scarcely be understood without some precia of the opinions whioh they taught. "Ireland had only a limited territory .and po- pulation; but was she on that account, as her enemies alleged, doomed to au inferior position ? History told a different. tale. Small states were not necessarily insignificant. Look at Portugal and Holland; look at Sweden and Prussia. Each of them had created an era in the world's history. Nor were sniall states necessarily short-lived; Venice had a longer pedigree than Prance, and Switzerland had seen tho rise and fall of huge empires. It was on the character, not on tho number of its population, that tho prosperity and power of a state depended. " Did the history of Ireland forbid her to hope for a great career ? Not so. Her enemies alleged that it WHS tho annals of a people always in tho wrong; of a people who had not bequeathed ono groat name to.posterity. But, rightly understood, the history of Ireland abounded in noble lessons, and had the unity and purposo of an epic poona. It exhibited an unbroken determination to main- tain their national existence, which every genera- tion of Irishmen took up anew, from the twelfth century to tho nineteenth. Tho father of modern history, Augustin Thierry, boro testimony that ' this unconquerable obstinacy never to despair of a constantly vanquished cause, a causo fatal to all who dared to espouse or defend it, was per- haps the greatest example that a people has ever given/ Deficiont in great names ? On the con- trary thoy wore plentiful as sta rs in thojsky, if wo would open our eyes to recognise theni. Boforo tho English invasion Ireland was, on tho admis- sion of tho most prejudiced of Englishmen, in tho language of Dr. Johnson, echoed in our own day by Guizot and Carlyle, ' tho school of the "West, tho great habitation of sanctity and learning.' England had not moro certainly conquerod India than Ireland had civilised and Christianised a groat part of Europe.' J Week aftor woek tho nainc3 and services of tho spiritual warriors who carried the cross into Pagan lands were made familiar to tho people. Tho list is longer than Homer's catalogue of ships, hut the memory may lay hold, among tho most not- able of these Irish exiles, of the names of Columb kill tho apostle of tho Ficta,-St. Kilian tho apostlo of Pranconia, St. Colman tho patron saint of Austria, St. Aldon tho apostlo of Northumborland, St, Columbanus, the rival of Benedict himself, as a founder of roligious houses and their legislator, tho famous scholars whom Cbarlemango placed ovor tho universities of Paris and Pavia, Johannes Scohis Erigina tho reviver of Greek philosophy, tho tutor of Alfred tho Great, and ono still moro ronownod-Duns Scotus tho " subtle doctor," ttio rival of Thomas Acrjuinas, who filled Christen- dom with his fame. Nor did tho middle ages, or modern times want * Tho right of republishing "Younfr Irolnml: A fing mont of Ivinh llmtory," in New South W;i)cs, Qiioonn. land, Tasmania, and Now Zealand, has beon purehasod hy tho proprietors of thc TOWN AND (JOUNTIIT JounNAL. \+ Aubrey do Vero. j Of nil tho conntrios of tho "West, Iroland was, for a long timo, that in whioh alono learning was supported, and throve amid tho conoral overthrow of Europe. , " Guizot's Hißtorjr ot France." their notable men. The chiefs; who had made allianoes, on behalf of Ireland, with Prance and ?Spain, tho soldiers who had fought in later times against foreign rule, and tho patriots who had conspired against it, wero rescued from under mounds of misrepresentation, and the people taught, in ballad and essay, that these wero not men to bo ashamed of, but tho flower of their race. To forget her martyrs and confessors would bo folly as well as baseness; labourioua and unprofitable days awaited all who turned from the pleasant paths of corruption to the service of Ireland ; they must not bo further disheartened bj' feeling that the labourers who wont beforo them had not had their reward. Tho services of Irishmen in thc armies of Prance and Austria, in the diplomacy of Spain and Italy, in wars of liberation in Worth and South America wero described. Irishmen had won conspicuous places in every country whero a career was open to them ; even in England, whero an Irishman was treated as a foreigner, and an inferior, how many of the successes in arts, arms, statesman- ship, and literature, recorded as British successes wore won by Irishmen P Tho English books most familiar to Prance and Germany were tho books of Irishmen, tho "Vicar of Wakefield" and the " Sentimental Journoy." Tho insular names best known between the Straits of Gibraltar and tho Gulf of Bothnia wero Wollington and O'Connell. Their own history was a chart of porils to ho avoided and of paths that might safely be pur- sued, of which they ltnew nothing; for to tho untaught tho past-is a region, ns blank as the future ; but frcm the past the veil might be lifted by knowledge. Irishmen.had learned the history of Irolnndfrom a source where it was deliberately falsified. Their enemies describo their bravery as turbulence, their resistance to oppression as profligate enterprises, their, native civilisation aa barbarity. When regions, wero made desolate aud handed over to the murderers of tho Celtia population they were said to bo civilised. Irish- men had used their national annals as a cemetery from which to dig up the skeletons of mouldering1 crimes for nuxtual assault,- but tho truo losson they taught was that Irishmen were enslaved becauso they were divided. Their Protestant forefathers wero often pampered and protected, by England, as her garrison, aud their Catholio forefathers reduced to' slaves becauso thoy were dangerous to English ascendancy. If they for- got hereditary feuds they might create a noble future for their coinmon' countr-y. Ireland must aim to be Irish, not Anglo-Irish ; because vigour, and health, and great achievements belong to men and nations which follow their naturo, not to chose broken to a foreign mould. But Irish must no longer mann Celtic j from whatever stock they sprung, Celtic, Norman, or Saxon, if mon loved and served the country they were Irish. Hereditary party spirit was an ignis faiuus in a country where the lineal descendants of the O'Neil's, O'Briens, and J O'Connors were Union- ists, and where Philpot Curran, Wolfe Tone, and Theobald Matthew sprang from Cromwellian , soldiers. Tho pursuit of knowledge was incited not with, the zeal of a schoolmaster but with the fervour of a lover. "Tho first want of tho people was knowledge, long withhold by a jealous master". England Bhut up Ireland like another Caspar HauBar in a dungeon, and told her whatever she thought proper of herself and of the rest of tho world. The depression of Ireland did not flow from resources un- developed-empty bays, or water' power running waste-so much as from men without information or discipline. Education made tho sons of Scotch ' farmers, and of American farmers, able to com- pete for leading places in tho world's business; and tho want of education loft tho sons of Irish farmers to sweat tinder tho most toilsome and ignoble burdens, at home and abroad. " Prom ignorance comes sycophancy. Slaves look upon their masters with superstitious awe; upon themselves, with superstitious distrust» liigid disciplino and careful training could alone make the young men of Ireland able to win free- dom, and worthy to enjoy it. Let them get know- ledge; '.'knowledge and tyranny could not long exist together. Tho counsels of Franklin broke tho English yoke in America as effectually as the sword of "Washington. " Iii du cat o that you may he free, lt is educa- tion which will enablo you to talco advantage of opportunities. Tho highest training, however, is that of the character. Tho practice of speaking and acting only the truth, more than military or commercial, or intellectual eminenco, makes a country great and happy; 'while contempt for obligations and authority does not make citizens but banditti. Tho slave's vice of paltering with tho truth c'ings to our people like the rust of their chains. They must unlearn t ho practice of boasting and exaggeration ; they mustloarn-hard task to a demonstrative, imaginativo people-to bo direct nnd literal. To be prompt in saying ' This is not true : I will not believe it.' 'This is not truo : I will not say it.' ' This is not true : I will not do it.' ". "Among tho knowledge most needed was tho knowledge of other nations and races. Ireland ought to havo a FOHRTGNPOLICY, oHfc not neces- sarily the foreign policy of England, AV li ich often originated in feolings or interests in which Ire- land, had no share. Irishmen wanted tho sym- pathy and good will of other nations, and to obtain their sympathy and.good will must learn to bo just to them. Why,should they not? Eng- land insulted them, but from Franco and America thoy got good wiBhes nud'respect. States hostile to England had educated their youth in tho penal times, and were their allies against her in war and diplomacy. Tho Catholic nsked in vain for tho slightest mitigation of his slavery," till Dumouriorat Gemappe scared away tho royal conspirators against liberty. Even to.-day what interests had tho merchants of Dublin or the farmors of Down in tho oppression of tho Afghan or tho Kaffir ? Thoy owed allegiance to Victoria, Queen of England and Ireland ; thoy owod no allegiance either in law or conscience to the success of English orimo. - Among her recent aohiovemonta in foroign polioy, England obtained modifications ia tho tariffs of Franco and Portai gal, and when one scrutinised the result it waa found that English manufacturers were relieved, while Iri»h products continued subject to their former burden. Bub what other result could como of nations trusting their foreign policy to étrange hands? Tho sympathy of friendly na- tions was not a light thing. The alliance of Prussia carried England through tho wars of the eiorhteenth century; tho good will of Franco Bound the wavering fortunes of America." This dazzling theory was brought homo to their practical experience week after week by familiar innnf.rn.rioTlH. " Look at Belgium : a country where the farmer was owner of tho soil, where his improvements were an investment for his children and grand- children, not a prey to a landlord. A small country which escaped from the control of a etronger neighbour and enjoyed tho blessing of Belf-govornment. A Oatholio country where tho religions liberty of Protestants was as secure ns in England. Were not those tcxtB for Borious thought P " Look at Canada with a scantier population than the smallest province of Ireland. The leaders of tho national party upon whoso heads a price waa net five years ago, as rebels, were now called upon to govern tho country because they pos- sessed the confidence of tho people. Must Canada havo a will of her own, and Ireland no will P " Look at Germany ; loaded with tho weight of a military despotism, and watched by a troop of princes great and small, as spies and sentinels, a national spirit was being fostered and devoloped among the whole Teutonic people which would blossom into a Gorman nation. "Why not an Irish nation P " Look at Catholic Prance with a Protestant Prime Minister; look at Catholic Belgium with a .Protestant king, and learn that religion need not divide a people, nor a Catholio majority alarm Protestant Irishmen. "Look at cold rooky Norway, where tho peasant waa prosperous and independent, well clad and well fed, because he owned the soil; while in Boft and fertile Ireland tho peasants were more miserably poor than any other people on God's earth. Lot Irismen ask themselves was there no cure ? Why were the Irish so poor where the country was so richP Why were so many foreigners well off on worse soil and in a harder climate P "Irishmen were taunted with Irish poverty. But IriBh poverty was a shameful and senseless cry in a land so richly endowed, unless they traced it to tho root from which it sprang, and resolved to pluck forth the root; gently if it would come, if not with a strong hand. What waB tho rootP A land code such a3 existed no- where else on the earth. The Bocial condition of Ireland was a monstrous combination of poverty and profusion. The people were poor in com- parison with any peoplo savage or civilised, on the face of tho globe ; tho gentry wero prodigal beyond their class in any country in Europe. The law enabled them to tako possession of an inordi- nate share of the produoe of the soil, and to pull down the farmer's homostoad and confiscate his improvements. Every law which produced on the whole more misery than happiness was wicked, and ought to be abolished or resisted. But resistance on tho part of the tenantry was punished by eviction, which often meant death by cold and hunger. It waa time to inquire why Bhould landowners in Ireland be the only class of creditors possessing tho power of life and death P " To win and sustain her rank as a nation Ire- land must possess the elementa that constitute a nation in a high degree. In position, climate, . , coasts, and soil, she had them in the highest, and in population and wealth sufficiently high. But Bhe wanted an ample supply of public men, trained in every part of knowledge and business to carry on her Internal government and foreign relations. She wanted national literature and art. Te obtain them she must honour and reward the Bcholara and artists who made Ireland their home, . .whatever might be their political opinions; for great men make a great nation. But if in addi- tion to the prizes, tho society, tho station, which England offered to emigrant genius, were added poverty and want of recognition at home, many înen would find the motives to emigrate too powerful to be resisted. Every class and profee Bion in England had already Irishmen in its first ranks. Wellington, Mnclis9, Moore, Maorfeady Shiel, McDowell, Sheridan Knowles, Earran, Barry, and a multitude of others helped to adorn a country which was not their own. " It was by thcso means Ireland might hope to have tho best security for liberty. A people edu- cated enough to practiso all the arts of peaco and ?war, having respect for their own charaoter and other mon's rights, a peoplo industrious in the field, intelligent in the shop, obedient in the camp, fearless in the ranks, and producing men able to govern tho nation in peace or load it in battle. " England and Ireland, it was affirmed, were geographically ono, and could not be separated. How so P England is nearer Prance, aro they geographically ono ? Portugal might bo claimed by Spain, and Bolgium by Franoo on this plea. It was on this flimsy plea that Austria hold YODICO. " Wo were taunted with tho haplessness of con- tending with an empiro upon whoso plundorod dominions the sun never sota. Spain in hor pride and ignoranoe, made tho self -same boast, in tho Bolf-8amo words ; and to-day she lay like a dis- mantled hulk on tho wators, tho helpless prey of robbers, because she had boen persistently unjust and selfish. Prussia, when it had not a fourth of our population, encountered all the great Con- tinental Powers sucossfully. Holland bore up against tho greatest empire, save Napoleon's, in modern timos. Sweden carried her arms from tho Rhino to tho Moskwa, and was the acknowledged protector of Gormany. Portugal disputed tho colonial empiro with England, and only lost it from corruption. " Ireland is very defonceable, especially on tho Bido whore dangor lay. Tho prevalence of westerly or south-weBtorly winds for nine months in tho year rondorcd tho approach to our Atlantic coast oaBy from Westorn Franco, easier from Spjiin or Portugal, eaeicet from America j-but difficult from the Baltic, more difficult from Western Eng- land, and most difficult from tho English Channol. On this point, the opinions strongly expressed by Keating and Cockburne aro still true.if " When a peoplo have the boundaries, and his- tory, the separate character and physical re- sources, and still more, when they have tho virtuo and genius, of a nation, they are bound in con- science, in prudence, and in wisdom, to assert their individuality no matter how conciliation may lure or armios threaten. " Nationality would creato a race of men full of a moro intensely Irish character and knowledge, and to that raco it would give Ireland. It would givo them the seas of Ireland to sweep with their nets and their navy ¡ tho harbours of Ireland to receive a great commerce ; the soil of Ireland to live on, by moro millions than starve there now ; the fame of ¿Ireland to enhance by their genius and valour j the independence of Ireland to cuard by their wisdom and arms." Tho Tory journals callad the attention of the publio prosecutor to these dangerous doctrines; but this menace was met by a more deliberate ex- position of them. It wae the treatment of con- temporary parfcieB however, which produced the angriest clamour. Catholic Irishmen were for the most part Whigs, the Whigs having made generous sacrifices during the last quarter of a century to abolish tho religious disabilities which earlier Whigs had imposed; .and the majority of Protestant Irishmen were Torios, but Tories who inherited the opinions of the Puritans rather than of tho Cavaliers. One of tho most conspicuous of them was accustomed to say that he " never visited London without taking a look at White- hall whore the greatest transaction in English history took place,"-the transaction which abruptly terminated the reign of Charles I. On both sides these Irish partisans regarded them- selves aB armies of reserve, for the warfare main- tained in tho House of Commons. The NATION rebuked them in language which has since become trite, and has sometimes degenerated into cant, but which in that day waa startling from its novelty. " Put no faith in Toryism (this was tho key-note struck in tho first number) and aa little in Whig- gery, There are only two parties in Ireland, those who suffer from her national degradation, and those who profit by it. Politics mean the science of governing a country to ito advantage and honour ; not the calculation of chanoes be- tween competitora for Government billets; and tho interest of Ireland is wholly irrespective of the question who is to.be the next judge, bishop, or policeman. " Cease to live in hostile camps at home aa Protestants and Catholics (this was a frequent text) ,your interests aa Irishmen are absolutely iden- tical. The remaining institutions and symbols of Protestant ascendancy indeed must disappear, that wo may be all equal before the law ; but our lives and fortunes, and the honourable fame we hope to win, aro plodged that the religious liberty of Protestants shall bo as secure aB we desire to make the religious liberty of Catholics." These opinions were addressed to the people not once, or in one form only, but constantly, and in many forms. They had heard appeals to their interests and egotism with comparative indif- ference, but not so did they hear appeals to their generous pride as a nation. While veteran journalists were still scoffing at them aa fantastic novelties, those opinions had taken root among tho students of law and medicine, in the Dni vorsitv, in Maynooth, in the temperance societies, and the National Sohools. And after a little tho young tradesmen in towns, 'and the young pea- sants who listened to the NATION read aloud around tho forgo fire of an evening, or in tho chapel yard on a Sunday mornincr, were swaying to and fro in the fever of a new faith, for which they were impatient to labour and suffer. For the country which had been conjured up before their young imagination was as little the Ireland of the hour, whining complaints or fram- ing petitions for some Bcanty crumb of roliof, as tho Ireland of English burlesque ; it was tho old historic island, the mother of soldiers and scholars, whose name was hoard in the roar of onset on a thousand battle fields, for whose dear love tho poor home-sick exile in the garret or cloister of some foreign city toiled and plotted, and at length hid his weary head and died-the one mother country which a man loves as he loves tho mother who held him to her breast. They dreamed, not of becoming Repeal Wardens, but of becoming martyrs and confessors ; for, to understand tho effect produced by the passion of nationality on an imaginative and aspiring people, wo must have recourse les3 to the history of political factions, than to those sublimo movements of faith and enthusiasm by which barbarous tribes were transformed into Christian nations. Even the oar of England bogan to bo arrested and her con- science perhaps to bo touched. Speaking of the samo men a little later an accomplished English writer exclaimed " Ireland has at length, after weary and dumb ages of suffering and of wrong, found a voice which speaks to some purpose. Five centuries of pain and injuscico plead sternly and eloquently to God and man for redress." + To oiiforce these new ideas now agents were employed. The leading articles in tho NATION, it was remarked by a friendly oritio, sometimes read like unspoken speeches of Grattan's. But tho national ballads probably produced tho most marvellous results. Tho imagination of a Celtic raco is an appetite almost aB imperious aB hunger, and in an old bardic land, song had always boen a common enjoyment of tho people Adepts can determine the dato of Irish music by its pervad- ing tone; tho airs which havo como down from tho contests of tho niiddlo ages sound like a roar of battle choked with sobs, while in tho ponai times they wail with tho subduod sorrow of hope long baffled and postponed. Mooro had mastered both moods of tho national harp, and " GeiierM Gookburno'n " Military Obnorvatloim ronpoot inpr Ireland, itu Attack and Dofonco" (Dublin, 1804): nnd Colonol Kcating's " Dcfenoo of Ireland." With theso booka may bo named Judge Johnson's (or Kocho Fcr moy's) " Commentary on Tono," and "No Sular Ultra Crepidam," published in 1S0.1. \+ LüBns TIMKS, presumably Dr. Smiles (siaoo author of .' Soil Help," " Lifo ot Georgo Stephenson," ¿to.)! who was then «dítor. his songs were sung in the drawing rooms of Dublin, and Cork, and in mansions and presby- teries, but at fairs and marketa, at wnke3 and weddings, in forgeB and shebeens, whero tho pea- sants recreated themselves, they were nearly unknown. The songs sung among the people wero written originally by hedge schoolmasters, and had a tendency to run into classic allusions, and abounded in sonorous "purple words" with- out much preciso meaning, but which seemed to move tho lively imagination of an Irish audience Uko music. The " Groves of Blarney " is a not very extravagant parody on tho hedge school- masters' songs. Tho plain and vigorous old Shan van Vocht however, and some stray remnants from tho Gallic songs of 'i)8 also maintained their ground ; and there were everywhere to be met a multitude of rude street songs in honour of O'Connell. The young poetB struck a different key. Historical ballads of singular vigour and dramatic power made the great men and great achievements of their race familiar to the people. The longings of tho prosont time and tho hopes of a triumphant futuro, were sung in verse whero tho oataract of coloured words with which they were long familiar were replaced by genuine pas- sion, or sometimos by the studiously simple rhetoric of good sense : Tho work that should to-dajr bo wrought, âcfor not till to. morrow, Tho help that should within bo sought scorn from with jut j to borrow, Old maxima those, jot stout and true, they speak in trum poe tono To do at once what U to 4o, and trust ourselves alone.* While these dangerous novelties excited tho alarm of the Irish Government, and tho wrath of the Tory press, there was another potentato before whom their reception was doubtful. O'Con- nell had imposed on his party a discipline which rivalled military or ecclesiastical rule in its strictness. Ho had jealously recurved to himself tho initiative in opinion and action, and main- tained it by a constant censorship of tho press. Tho young men know this well, and cheerfully accepted him as tho leader from whom the word of command, and the plan of the campaign, would emanate. But thoy too were giving their lives to the national cause, and must preserve their individual freedom and self- respect or tho liberty they hoped to win would be only a name. Davis hod a profound admiration for O'Connell's ability, and a courteous and watohfal consideration for his simplest wishes, far more scrupu'ous than that of the young men who were Catholics. He would have allowed no personal object to draw him into a controversy with the national leader; but he knew that it was in vain to nope for the help of the Protestant middle classes if nationa- lists were required to accept nnd echo all the in- dividual opinions of O'Connell, somo of which wore mero personal animosities inherited from the feuds of the Catholic struggle. It was agreed among us that the object for which tho NATION was established would be unattainable if wo did not insist on the right to advocate our individual opinions in our own journal, upon all questions not fundamental to tho existence of a repeal party. It was not certain, and seemed scarcely probable at that time, tliat the NATION could exist on theBe terms; no journal had hitherto maintained itself in the confidence of the peoplo without the Bupport of O'Connell ; but it was obvious that for the ends in view it waB not worth while maintaining it in existence on other terms. The contest on thiB point waa not lon'/deferred. Tho new sohool of historical literature in France, and the daring politics of the opposition under LOUÍB Philippe, were made texts for lessons of hope and self-reliance, renewed from time to time. In the era of General Hoche and Genoral Bonaparte, France had heen tho asylum of banished Irish insurgents and the reproach of belonging to a French party in Ireland meant to imply a party conspiring for a foreign invasion ; and though in truth the hope of Prench assis j tance had for nearly a generation died out of practical politics, or dwindled into a vague tra I dition, " Boney" was still a pleasant and familiar Bound to the ears of au Irish peasant. The Tory press immediately raised a clamour that hero again was manifestly a "French party;"-a French party associated with all tho mysterious horrors which that phrase suggested to loyal and timid persons. The NATION replied that it waa as disgraceful to Irishmen to belong to a British party aa to a French party; that for their part, the writers of that journal repudiated both fac- tions. But if tho charge meant that they desired to mako Irishmen familiar with tho historical literature of France, which had recently produced Thierry's admirable book upon England and Do Beaumont's matchless book upon Içolandj to make Ireland proud of hor friendship, intimate with her condition, her history, and her heart, their crimo waa still greater, for they desired open porta for knowledge and charity between Ireland and all tho world outward and inward, prohibiting only what was immoral or slavish. Prance had opened her schools and her camps to Irishmen, sent them military aid in their contests for lib- erty, vindicated Ireland through her groat his- torians and orators, and on tho other hand half a million of Irish soldiers had died in her servico ; why should Ireland not have friendship with Franco P f Tho traditions of tho O'Connell agitations how- ever, wore hostile to such sympathy ; and Mr. John O'Connell took oooasion, from the potential tribune of tho Corn Exchange, which he occupied in his father's temporary absonco, to raise a noto of alarm. Whon tho journal waH only two months in oxistonco ho complained that tho NATION pro- posed to increase our intimacy with a country whoso first rovolution won by blood and crimo had dono moro damage to tho causo of liborty than any dospot. It was a significant symptom of tho progress of tho now ideas that, instead of silent . NATIOK, NO. 8. t During tho timó of thin French Booro Davis wroto to Mntldyn-"Tho paper in soiling fiuoly. Tho authorships thia wo ok run thus-' War with Kvorybody,' by J. 1'. Mur- ray: ' Itoduotion of Konte,'nnd thc 'Faugh a Hallagh,' hy Duffy ; . Timo no Title/ ' Tho Skotoh of Mooro,' and tho ' Gravo,' by myself. . . Tho MAU, says wo aro at work to ostablifm a French pnrty : thoy'II say by-and by wo bavo Hooho'e ghost or tho National Guar in tho back oíilooj bBtdoYÜmny caro-' 3?o tot Fm Fov.ph a jBallagh.' ' .í . . ? ?! ..il . 'i n lil ? i ., , -/ acquiescence, winch used to be the habit, thia objection was immediately confronted. A young: barrister, * who had hitherto been a silent mem- ber, replied that these were not tho opinions of the Trish people ; they hart memorable obligations to France which they would not repudiate; and they eagerly desired tho aid of her universal language in making their claims familiar to Europe. If Mr. John O'Connell's horror of revo- lutions won by the sword induced him to reject this aid owjht he not, the young orator demanded, on the like ground reject the dollars of Americans who had won their liberty with the same objec- tionable instrument ? A more formidable censor soon appeared, how- ever. Beforo tho journal had reached itB twen- tieth number O'Connell complained from the same tribune that tho NATION was praising writers nob entitled to bo praised, men like Dr. Maginn, "Father Prout," and Maxwell, who were Tories, while it abstained from the praise o£ writers like Sam Lover, worthy of applause, O'Connell's beau ideal of a literary man was such a ono as Lover, who wrote charming songs in hia own name, and successful party Equibs under the rose. But the author of "Handy Andy" and the. " Essay on Irish Ballads,". who pandered to English prejudice by taking the stage Irishman« as his hero, and treating Btreet and stage songs as tho authenthic ballads of the country, was odious to tho young men ; and as respects the others they had taught the doctrine that we were bound to recognise the genius of Irishmen irre- spective of their politics. The editor in tho next number defended himself on the express ground that as ho had taken some part in the proceedings of the association, at an earlier hour on the eamef day, it might otherwise seem that ho was present and did not maintain his opinion thon and there as ho would have been bound to do. He denied that Irish writers were to be refused due applause because they wero Tories or because they had assailed O'Connell. " We (he said) who want to make Ireland a nation, ought to be eager to trumpet tho famo of all mon of genius who share our blood; every one of them affords a new argu- ment why our country should not continue a pro- vince." O'Connell renewed the controversy with some asperity ; but tho NATION respectfully but unequivocally declined to accapt his judgment as decisive upon literary questions, or to narrow instead of widening the basia of tho national party. This was but a Btraw on the wind, but at that time the controversy wa3 watched with lively interest. (TO BE CONTINUED.) * Andrew Russell Stritch ¡ nt that time an occasional correspondent of tho KATION, hut novor ono of its regular contributors. Otto, tho son of a Mr. Perce, Indian Chief, ia now astonishing the world at San Pranoißco, on bia way to London. His talent as a sharp-shooter ia un- rivalled, surpassing- anything ever yot bohold. One of his groat feat» is that of hitting a mark blind- folded. A glass hall is suspended 20ft away, and tho boy is allowed to gazo at it. Then his eyes oro bandaged, and he is turned around several times ; hut ho usually breaks the ball, though how he manages his aim is a mystory. Tho Dunedin HERALD gives tho following aooount of a bathing1 accident at Ocean Boaoh on Tuesday - week :-An aooident ocourred at tho Ocean Beaoh bathing establishment yesterday morning, which. resulted in tho death by drowning of a yonnfi woman namod Elizabeth Randall. Prom information given by her companion. Louisa Martin, it transpired that they visited Mr. Kingston's, aiid after attiring1 themselves in bathing gowns wont out into tho surf. _ Thoy had not boon in very long when the receding tide carried thom out of their depth, and the dooeased out to soo. Mr. Kingston had baen intontly watching tho young women-neither of whom could swim-and when ho saw what had happonod, imme- diately plunged in and attempted to save them. Aftor eomo difficulty ho sucooeded in placing thom in an apparently Bafo position. Ho then proooodod to romovo Miss Martin to the land, but was unable to do so without assistance, and had it not been for tho timely appearance of Mr. John -Patttnson, all three would havo been lost. Mr. Pattinson obtained a lifo-buoy from Mrs, Kingston, and with this ho swam out to Miss Martin. Plo gavo hor tho buoy, and dragged Mr. Kingston to the shoro in a state of insensibility. Miss Randall, who had boen loft to manage for horsolf, as there was no ono elsoto attend to her, had lnoanwhilo drifted to sea, and she waa observed to Bink suddonly to rise no moro. Louisa Martin, who was latoly employed as barmaid at the Rainbow Hotol, has perfectly reoovorod from her ducking. Tho deceased was a nativo' of England. She came cut about two years ago, and was employed as a sorvant girl at Mr. Hall's, dyer, Stuart-streoi, which placo she loft a short timo ago. Tho public will be surpriBod to learn that work on tho Randwick tramway lino waa suddenly discon- tinued last week. Tho tents of tho Government employees wero all struck, and all tho material and plant removed at about 3 o'clock on Thursday after- noon. Tho reason assignedfor this abrupt cessation of the work (which was boina; undertaken by tho Government) is that a iooal landowner, through whoso land tho lino passes, demanded enoh an exorbitant price for his land,-a moro narrow strip-¿81800 it is rumoured, that tho Government declined to prooood further. Whether thia oonduot of tho party in question, which soems anything bnt public spirited if thia roport ia correct, will lead to tho adoption of another and loss convenient route remains to bo seen. Suroly, however, an arrangement might have boen mado for tho Government to take possossion, and for an arbitration as to tho compensation. This opisoclo ia only adding to tho long list of grosa blundoro and mismanagement by tho Govornmont in connection with this tramway. That so many months should havo boon allowod, without apparent reason, to elapso botwoon tho 1 passing of tho Act and vote of raonoy for this lino to Randwick (and not to tho raoocourso only) is alone ' inoxonsablo. Why it is left to tho vory la*t to secure tho land is again moat singular. Then tho absurdity of tho Government iteolf starting tho work with an absurdly small contingent of mon and plant is only another opinodo in thia chapter of blunders. Of tho mnddlo tho Government havo trot into as to tho rails, wo rofrain now from diecunßhig, but wo wouid uulc this ono portinont quoation-Aro tho Government paying Jill poi- ton for the now rails to tho Lithgow Company, when tho same rails, of tho bosfc stool, oould bo dolivorod from langland at Sydnoy at a cost of £1 10a por ton ? Thia mattor will doubtlosa form tho subject of Parliamentary inquiry, aa also tho oonduot of tho Government in connection with thia traisway. 