Melbourne. (from our own correspondent.) January 28. Tlio Hon, Ornhnm Bony and tho Hon. W. M. Vnlo. returned this afternoon from the Sydney Conference, where they represented this colony, Tho trunks havo reduced the rate of interest Tha Australian butter annt bomn htr flirt steamship Protos tas turned out very ; ayoII, having realised one shilling per pound. ; January '29, . mvnrds . to ..Queensland exhibitor linvo been made by the juries in .thc;rcspcclivc classes . .. For. loot tobacco : , Botanical Gnrdens, Brisbane, ftrat-class certiflcalc ; J. IT. Hooker, Brisbane; A.' Joncs, Rockliampton ; and W. Courten, Toowoornba, second class certifi cates.' . . i,! ' For rum : G. Raff, Momyflcld, Gaboollurc, and K, B.'. y Garwood, Mackay, third-class certificates ; W. 11. Couldcry, Ageston; Been- lclgh, Hewitt and Co., Plcystowc, Mnckay, ami R. B, Ycanvood, Mackay, foarili.- A second-class certificate was awarded to tho Queensland Department o£ I'ablic In struction for maps, nnd a thirdclns certificate to C. Jlunvortb, at tbo Forlltuto Valley State School, for tcncliors appliances ; also a first-class certificate to Iho Queensland Mining Department for a collection of geological tnnps ; and a second-class certifi cate to Mr. II. W. Fox, survey ollicc, Bris bane, for specimen of school maps. Dr. Cairns, tho well-known minister of Chalmers Church, was found dead In his bed this morning. "Caustic" (Goondlwindi)' — Your loiter will appear ou Thursday, - Central Waiid Ki.kctionI— We arc re quested to state that the no poll will tatajccn to-day for Central )Vnrci. At 12 o'clock noon tho Mn'yor will attend at the Town Hall and declare Mr. W. H. Groom duly elected. Tins German Lutheran Church Tea MiiETiNa.— A ten meeting in connection' with tho German Lutheran Church ivill bo held jn iho rold church, JStonrt-strcct, on Thursday evening iicxt when addresses from several clergymen and other gcutlcmca will ta delivered. Police Court,— On Saturday, before the Police Magistrate, M. M'lntyro, on suspicion of being of unsound luiud, was committed for thirty days to jtlxe Brisbario Reception House. — Yesterday, 8. Kinvao appeared, on remand from (he 27th Instant on suspicion of being of unsound mind, and was discharged from custody. Siaxou Otori'h Concert.— By an an nouncement in our business columns it will bo eccn that Signor Ortori, the celebrated, violinist, willtgivon grand concert in Too woornba next Tuesday, under tlio patronage, and in the presence, of ills Excellency the Governor.' Blgaor Ortori has been giving a series of concerts in Brisbane, and has drawn crowded houses. lie Is one of the must pro- minent-violinists or tuc day, nnd the people of Toowoornba have a treat in store for them, if we arc to judge from 'the critiques of the Brisbane Press/ v ' Editorial Lwention.— That in tlio heat of discussion local contemporaries in tbd journalistic line should occasionally retort to desperate expedients for tbc purpose of bring ing their opponent to confusion, wo arc taught by experience is not sit all unasual; but when imagination is drawn upon' for the fabrication of frtion to be hurled against tbo enemy as facts, tho kosincss becomes serious aud often Impels Interference oil the part of those who possess positive knowledge of- the real character of the pseudo facts brought to taur upon the contest. These reflections hare been provoked by Hie fact that in an article which recently appeared iu the Tbttnscillo Herald imriug rcfcrcuec to a dis pute pending between tliat journal and tbc TowhavMc Standard, the editor of the former journal states as' a fact that "u case will shortly be tried in Toowoornba between cer tain of tho ratepayers and tbc 31unlcipn Council on tbc gas question, as considered in connection with the imposition of a ga? rate for tho lighting of the main tlrccta in that town " This is certainly news to U3 in Too woornba, and we were so much exercised in mind tho possibility of a /net of such im portance being in existence without the cog nisance of our reporter, that we made the most searching enquiry as to the fact of tbc ease, and can uow state (much to our satis faction) that outside the fertile brain of the editor of-thc TtnenxeWe Herald the allied facthw no existence whatever, aud L cer tainly not even uf that evanescent unsubstantially which Radclitfc (iu thcpla.) ascribcsilo ghosts when hu fuvi : -'Shu-lov. Anniversary Tea Meeting, I.O.G.T.— As will bo seen by an advertisement in another eohiinu, iho anniversary of tlio. cstablishtiicnt of the Ark of Bnfety Lodge, No. 50, is to he celebrated by a tea and pabllot meeting, to ta held in tho Assembly Rooms ou Friday,- tho 4th : February, next, Judging ' from the success with attended the Torn-; pcrnncc demonstration on Sennmtion Day, tliero Is every prosj»cct of a large amount of public pairoaago being accorded to tho. anniversary celebration of the Ark of Safety Lodge. Threshing Machines Wanted.— Wo nro informed that considerable' loss and in- convcnicnco .have nrison to. tbo farmers, on King's Creek, jMount Sibloy, nnd tho neigh- " tarbood, tlirongh the nhscnco of sufilciont ttireshhig nmciiiner3% Tfiero arc something- like 0,000 bags of wheat and barley In tlio district, we are informed, now lying unpro ductive for want of sulficicnt threshing power to convert thu grain into a marketable condition. This is much to be regretted, and wo are requested to draw attention to tho fact, in.thcjbopc that owners of threshing machinery may benefit themselves. and. tlio, farmers resident in the district we havo men tioned by paying it a visit. Illness of Bishop O'Quinn.— Tbo Courier of yesterday says It is currcntly_ reported in Brisbnno that tho Right Rcv.fLT- . O'Quinn, Roman Catholic Bishop is lying dangerously ill in Sydney. Tho rumor bos taon strengthened by ' tho Bmlden call 'to Sydney of tbo Bishop's solicitor. After his Inst visit north Dr. O'Quinn seemed in ex cellent health. For many reasons his con dition, of which wu hope to soon givo a favorable account, will interest a largo sec tion of this community. Drayton and Toowoomiu Agricul tural and IIORTICULTUpAL SOCIETY.— A meeting of the Committee of tbis riocicty was held nt the oflSco of the Sccratary, Mar garet- street, yesterday afternoon. I'rcscnt — Mr, W. II. Groom, M.L.A. (Chairman), Messrs. Campbell, Radford, Bch, Warnoko, and Lavia. Various details in connection with ' tho forthcoming exhibition wcro ar ranged,, and it was resolved to writotoUis Worship the Mayor and request hitn to issue a notice asking ttio business men to close tlieir establishments at 12 o'clock noon on Thursday in honor of tho, opening of . tho show by His Excellency tbo . Governor. Tho » Committee wilPmect again on WcdncJCTr afternoon. I The Weather.— Interna heat has pre;' vailed for tho last two or three days.. On Sunday It was almost unbearable, but to- wnrdsovening it cooled, nnd a heavy shower of rain, with thunder and lightning, reduced tbo temperature) considerably, Yesterday was again close and sultry, and thunder- pass. As illustrating the variations of ,tho weather, we may stato that yesterday, at two o'clock, tho.theinomctcr in' the shade regis tered 92 , whilo nt 8 o'clock iu thn evening it was tiG ., with a coolbrcczo from tho east. A Hint to Lokgwinded Suusoriuers.— Tho Border Post publishes tho following modest, though suggestive announcement ton their sluggish constituents. Wo thoroughly rcciprocato tlio sentiment convoyed in the notification, nnd will not rcpuirO'inach persuasion to follow the oxamplo thus sot by our contemporary: "Subscribers and advertisers in arrears with this journal nro advised tlmt faturo requests for payment will ho made by means of thd postal card, thus saving a penny each application, which, 4 io many instances, would have bccfc-? material advantage to tho proprietor hfurfth, same menus bccu available somo time sineo. Verb Sap, ' Guard of Honoil— We would draw the nttcution of all members of tho voluateor foxw resident iu Toowoornba to nn ad vertised notice which appears in another column, namely, a regimental order issued by Major Qodsall, calling for B ' and G Companies to furnisli one ofilccr nnd twenty-llvo men from each, to nut as a Guard of Honor on Thursday next to Ilis Excellency tbo Governor, 8ir Arthur Kennedy, on the occasion of the opening ceremonies in con- ! ncction with tho 1). and T, A. and H. Show, j The place of meeting is ap>ointcd to be at j tbo Liigino fe'hcd, llcfries-strcet, whuro Cap- j tain Baxter is instructed by tho regimental order to take tbo Guard of Honor under his | command. It Is to be hoped that for. tho credit of the Toowootnbri contingent of the volunteer forco this order will meet with prompt recognition, nnd that tho number of men required from caoh company will ta in i attciidnnco on the day named to do honor tc j Her Majesty's representative. AUIHONY GARDEKH, HmilFIELUS.— WoS'j had tho pleasure of visiting those ganlciis .a < few days ago, and wcro hospitably cntcrUJCXT by tho proprietor; Mr, Archibald Bearklcy. r' TJio pleasure wo enjoyed from oar trip we consider amply repaid us for 'our drive of twolvo miles uildcr a Korobing sun, riot tbc ? least enjoyable part of our day's outing being 'tho drive ilsolf along tho lfighUolda road lined as it is in a great part by farms and l clearings. Since our lost visit, some two I years ago, Mr. Bcarkley has considerably en- % Inrged Itis boundaries, having enclosed an ad- l ditioonl two acres, along witli Ills previously 1 extensive garden, tho'wliole, by energy, and | pcrsfivcranco, now forming an oasis in tho I midst of what was, some years ago, a thlckcl I of wattles nnd gum trees. In . a notice that E we gave of our former visit we enumerated inauy of the different varieties of fruitfcreca v- in these gardens. . Wo wcro glad to find them t all thriving, and, more particularly so, the V oranges anil grape vines, many Varieties oi iS both being hero grown, the culturo of which \ .vir. ucaiKicy una made a speciality. We wcro agreeably surprised to find tho grape I; viucs, nuuiberingf»omothousaudsf rcmnrkidjly 1 free from bUght, aud the grapes, such of them as were ripe, sweet, juicy, and rich flavored, f Though the crop will not bear comparison 3 with lost year's for quantity, wo believe the & quality to be equal, or superior to former i years. Our readers will, perhaps, recollect 9 that two years ago wo exhibited in oar oilicelS somo oranges grown by Mr. Bcarkloy, one1? sort, called the "Poor Man's measured" over twelve inches In circum- fercncc. 1 ho tree thdy were taken from this year loaded with fruit, and already they bid fair to outrival In sizo to produce of|S former years. On tho whole we must say the prnngc.crop has overy appearance of being n M largo one, every tree— and there aro sovcram hundreds— being looilcd, somo growing InK clusters of five or six, nnd others singly As @ it yet wants three months till thoy arc Hue © we regret the time that must clnnso taforel® we can tost their flavor ; -but, lmving proved!® the quality in former reason, we are confl-,S.'! dent these will be quite equal in .point df$ flavor and piquancy. In ono portion of th<&4 garden, reserved as an orange inyscry, jwo ' were shown several hundred youJ-f oriuieo'i trees. rai- cd from seed. TIuso will, nflcr at t me, be grafted on older stocks-in foot, ft tberenre hero orange trees of all ages, from® seedlings ot a year old to full-sircd urolific'® bcapng trees of a dozen years. Of oilier v fruit trees thero nro .almonds, qtiincoj, ioou.Hs , r pomegranate, figs, guuvas, plums, Uc.,U !Cii Jhei'S.- g-ircleuc being connected with Mr.,' 5 Benrkloy s \\\ clronie llome Hotel, of cor-. - there is a considerable spaeu devoted tcw-l pui'iioses of a kitchen garden, in wliicli r- \ raises a variety of vegetable, for table u f i.uing the gnruens asa whole we mast t-i. I Jr. Bcarkley great i,c for tho energy- h. I ha. dplnyed, mu he cave he has l«, towed (' o.. .(, .mil .ire <-iii.n.eu: ire will reap a hand-. I io la«"' wiih"i!ira|"' tpV'" rini|v- Carriers' Licenses. — M. Hcffcrnnn, F- Pinner, and T. Ryan applied, for, and wore granted, carriers' licenses for the Western roods. Pride op the Downs Lodge, IO.G.T. —In accordance with a custom prescribed by tho constitution of tho IO.G.T., tho "Pride . of the Downs " Lodge, on tho occasion of its last meeting, held on the evening of Thursday last, entered upon the nomination r and election of office-bearers in connection with the lodge for the ensuing quarter, and tlio following members wore duly elected : — Mr. H. Stumbles, W.O.T.; Mr. J. Palmer, W.V.T. ; Mr. W. Ashton, W.S. ; Mr., A. Bell, . W.F.S. . Air. T. Broadfoot, W.C. ; Mr. G. Ethcrington, W.T. ; Air. J. Bartx, W.M. j Miss M. J. Harris, D.AI. ; Mr. \V. Price, W.LG. ; Mr. E. Crank, W.O.G.; Air. T. Goodwin, R.B. : Air. D. Peterson, L.S. Tho induction and installation of tho ' several office-bearers named will take place at tho . next meeting of the lodge, on the evening of ' -Thursday next, when a full attendance of its members will bo considered an advantage. ' 