Wednesday, Apbil 27. The PreBbytery of Melbourne met again, and continued the discussion on the report of the committee on the Rev. Mr. Strong's case. The Rev. F. R. M. Wilson presided, in the absence of the moderator. The Rev. W. Groundwater Fbaser moved the following amendment on Mr. Macdonald's motion:— "That the presbytery thanks the oommltteo for their patient investigation of the matter remitted to them; that whilst the presbyteiy regrets that occa sion should have been given for serious doubts aud difficulties regarding tbe soundness of Mr. Strong's utterances in nis article on the Atonement, yet inas much as the committee have reported that the article consists of three parts, and ' in none of theso parts does the writer give a systematic statement of his own views of tbe Atonemeat,' or' contradict in cate gorical propositions and express terms the doctrine of the Atonement contained in the Confession of Faith and tbe Larger and Shorter Catechisms,' the presbytery deems it inexpedient to travel further, in the matter. At the same time the presbyteiy takes this oppor tunity of setting forth the doctrines of the church regarding the .topics under discussion, namely: — 1. ' The Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments are given by inspiration of God to be the rule of faith and life.' 2. 'The authority of tbe Holy Scripture for which it ought to be believed and obeyed depends, not upon tbe testimony of any man or church, but wholly upon God (who is trnth itself), the author thereof, and therefore it is to be received because It is the word of God.'—Confession of Faith, chapter L, section 4. S. In the unity of God there be three persons of One . substance, power, and eternity—God the Father, God the Son. and God the Holy Ghost'—Ohapterii., section 3\. And 4. ' The Lord Jesus, by His perfect obedience and sacrifice of Himself, which He through the Eternal Spirit once offered up unto God, hath fully satisfied the justice of His Father, and purchased, not only reconciliation, but an everlasting inheritance in the Kingdom of Heaven for all those whom the Father hath given unto him.'—Chapter vili., .section 6. Finally, in discharging the committee (at their own request), the presbytery expresses the hope that this < discusBlon will be overruled for the maintenance of that purity of doctrine set forth in our standards, which we have all pledged ourselves to maintain and defend." The Rev. R. Scon seconded this amend, ment. He did not entirely agree with it, bat he sympathised with its spirit As the amend ments seemed to differ from each other only in degree, he hoped an arrangement wonla be arrived at whereby they might be formed into one resolution to which they could all agree. It was a matter for extreme regret that the question under discussion had been raised at alL He had deprecated the measures taken from the very first Instead of enter ing into theological discussions, and intro ducing Hegelianism and other "isms," their duty was simply to bring Mr. Strong face to face with the standards of the church. The question then was, "had he contravened those standards ? " If ministers were to be always brought under the power of snch criticisms as they had listened to, they would live tinder a reign of terror. There was not a sermon preached by one of them which did not contain sentences which could be attacked as Mr. Strong's article had been. (Hear, hear.) He was astonished at the ex traordinary professions of brotherly regard for Mr. Strong some members had expressed. "My dear brother," they said, and then stuck him full of arrows, wounding his heart with bitter words. Mr. Strong was being virtually tried in consequence of the action taken by certain members of the presbytery. (" No," and " Yes.") Then what was the meaning of all this hue and cry—the appointment ot the committee and their report? Moreover Mr. Rentonl said in his amendment that Mr. Strong had distinctly contravened the doc trine of the Atonement as taught in their standards. Mr. Yule.—No, only that the doctrine is not there. Mr. Scott.—All this showed the mist into which Hegelianism had brought them. (Laughter.) He supported Mr. Fraser's pro position, chiefly because of its language being taken from the Confession of Faith, and be cause he held that if they were to give any testimony on these points it should be in the language of the Confession. Mr. Strong, at the beginning of this agitation, was driven into a corner, and was bound to stand on his defence, because, owing to tbe method adopted by those who had brought the matter forward, he could not bnt feel that he occu pied the position of an accused person. He was therefore justified In the stand he had taken. If theywereto ask him even now for i explanations, they would immediately drift into confusion and disorder. The Rev. Duncan Feaser rose to support ■the original motion. He did so because tire presbytery by a large majority decided that the article of Mr. Strong should be sifted and examined, and because the committee they, appointed to perform that work had come to certain findings. It was futile to stigmatise those who brought this matter forward as informers. The article was published to the world, and if there was any informer, he was Mr. Strong himself, for his ex traordinary manifesto was gratuitous and uncalled for. The article, along with the others published on the same subject, were apropos of nothing. They reviewed no ucent work on theology, nor any address recently delivered on the subject. They wen throst or obtruded on the public and on that church. For years there had been a wide-spread mistrust as to Mr. Strong i soundness—such a mistrust as upon, and n. of course, was an insufficient ground fot action. Orthodoxy, in her alarm) might have ercosably exclaimed with Job) " My desire is tint mine adversary bad written a book." (Laugiier.) As a matter of factj however, orthbdoiy had in this inst&neeno;' snch desire, but Nr. Strong had written aj Sortion of a book wHjout being called on to o bo; No one, tien, coola be blamedi for this tronble' but Mr. strong himself. It had been said that Mnstrong had been put —$n his trial, but the fau was that it was he] 10 had put the presbyt&y; on their trial by J but it was neoeaeary that,'the Siurchefaoold be in accord,on all the.eaaent^i pcfiufe of their faith, ^uttless they; stood on® common I ilforandtbwjj^fceauiiuicisiatcd'■feqy were* mob. instead of a body. Whatever came of this matter, he trusted it would go forth to all that they had the courage of their opinions —that they were not hypocrites when they Bigned the standards, and that they were not cowards to refuse to take up a challenge when it was thrown down. The Rev. J. Ballantyne rose to move the following amendment— "Tha presbytery approve the report in its general tone and tenour, thank the committee, and discharge it. Find— " 1. That while the report shows that statements or a doubtful doctrinal character occur in the article on the Atonement, by the Rev. Charles StroDg, in the ' Victorian Review,' it does not set forth that said article contains any positive affirmations that are at variance with the standards of the church. "8. That it is matter of regret that tbo article re ferred to should apparently be so wanting in clear ness, fulness, and explicitnees of statement on the cardinal doctrine of which it treats, as held by this church, as to give occasion for uneasiness or alarm on the part of many of its ministers and people. " 8. That in the absence of explanations from Mr. Strong on the points in question, it may be difficult to remove the doubts which have been awakened as to his soundness in the faith and his loyalty to the standards of the church, and that, therefore, it is deemed an act of brotherly regard respectfully to sug gest whether it be not duo to his character and position as a minister of the church, as well as to his brethren and the churches at large, to offer such explanation as will, if possible, accomplish this de sirable end. .. ^ " Finally, the presbytery, taking into consideration the extent to whioh teachings of an unsettling ten dency prevail in various sections of the Christian church at the present time, deem it opportune to ex press the conviction that it is incumbent on the ministers of our church to see to it that they give no uncertain sound in proclaiming and defending the central doctrine of our venerated faith, 4 that UhriBt died for our tins, according to the Scriptures,' a volun tary and vicarious sacrifice, thus making atone ment." j He said he was very reluctant to move an additional amendment, and he should not have submitted it had there been a proposi tion before the court he could conscientiously support. No one was responsible for_ this amendment but himself. It was not his in tention to Bail into the cloudland of German . theology, but he must Bay that he should greatly regret to Bee the influence of the teachings of the German philosophers intro duced here, because he believed its tendency to be entirely destructive of Christianity. However, the influence of the systems which had been referred to was on the wane on the Continent of Europe. These systems had beaten out religious life in Ger many. They were totally inadequate to J satisfy the wants of the hnman souL i He (Mr. BaUahtyne) stated reasons why he ' could not agree with various points in^ the | different amendments, and then explained | the grounds on which he moved his own j amendment. In it he proposed that the j prosbytery should approve of the general tone and tenour of the report, because while ' he did not think the majority of them wonld approve of everything in it. he thought moat 1 of them wonld approve of it in its general tone and tenonr. The first division of his amendment, he said, contained only a simple fact With respect to the second proposal in the amendment, he believed that everybody, even including Mr. Strong, regretted that the j article had been published, and be was very 1 much inclined to think that if Mr. Strong were called upon to write the article again, he wonld not write it in the same terms, but wonld deal more fully with the doctrine of the Presbyterian Church on the Atone ment. As to the third division of the amendment, he eaid that he looked upon Mr. Strong as a gentleman of high character, and a brother minister of unimpeachable character and great ability and influence. He desired to deal with Mr. Strong tenderly, respectfully, candidly, and fairly, and therefore he proposed that they should suggest to him tne propriety of ex planations, in order to remove the doubts which undoubtedly had arisen in regard to him. When they had done that, they would have acted as Christian men should act, and they could not go further before they had done it. The Rev. D. Mackenzie, who seconded Mr. Ballantyne'a amendment, expressed his re gret that the question was plunged into at once by certain speakers immediately it was initiated before the presbytery. It woold have been better for the brethren who origi nally felt themselves aggrieved to have gone to Mr. Strong and have asked him for the explanations they now asked from the presbytery. Had they done eo, he believed Mr. Strong would have received them as a brother, and given them to understand what his meaning was. Mr. R. Harper said it was not his inten tion to have spoken on the matter, bat he felt now that, as the representative elder of Toorak Chorea, of which the Rev. M. Mac donald was the minister, it was his duty to do so. There were so many amendments now before the house that they wonld have great difficulty in coming to a decision, and he therefore thonght the beat plan to adopt; would be to refer the whole matter-at. once to the Commission, which wonld meet at Ballarat next week. With regald tohia friend and pastor, the Rev. Mr. Maodonald, he had been most unfairly snfi cruelly treated throughout the whole of this business. The base and unworthy insinua tions made against him were utter fabrica tions. . (Hear/hear.) He had felt it his 'duty as a faithful minister of the church to take the action he had done, and he (Mr. Harper) wonld never forget the tone in which he said to him at the commencement" Yon most remember, Ma Harper, it is a serious thing. These cases generally end in the death of one or more of those who take them up." He would conclude by moving— "That, referring to the case now pending regarding the Rev. Charles Strong's article on the Atonement In the ' Victorian Review,' the presbytery receive the report and discharge the committee with thanla for its diligence in the matter; and determine, In view of the near approach of the Commission of the Assem bly, to refer the whole matter to the superior court" The Rev. Dr. Maodonald seconded this amendment He had endeavoured, he said, to reserve to himself the position of a judge, and naturally enough he had been eating considerable light on the subject. He thonght at first that the question was whether the expressions in Mr. Strang's article were not consistent with the documents which they, as members of the Presbyterian Chnrch, had all signed, and np to the previous day he really did not realise that a number of the brethren had an impression, if not a convic tion, that the objections to the article were very much deeper, and that they went the length of bene ving that the article contained *">t only Unsound words bat unsound doc believe in ' the supernatural at elL Some might fancy that he (Dr. Macdoaald) was perhaps nfthAf loose as compared with other fathers. of I the church, but he had no hesitation in j 'taring that if he could believe any brother did not believe, or did not preach, the super- s juriiurai facts—he would rather call them the and doctrines of the scriptures, such A brother should not' be a min ister' of the' church at alL (Heat, hear,) jfifriii tnetttStiteny minister did hot bblitrve to the resurrection of Christ he should not be a minister of any church, or of any Christian denomination. Bat he could not believe Mr. Strong had any doabt on that subject. Moije over, knowing Mr. Strong as he did, he had every confidence not only that he was a man of strong religious convictions, but also,a man of honour and of truth, and he would not therefore proceed on the supposition that the accusations or euspicionB were true until they were actually proved. He could not, and would not, without absolute proof believe them. (Applause.) He supported Mr. Harper's amendment, because if they went to the commission after coming to a decision, their hands as a presbytery would be tied, whereas, if instead of an appeal there waB a simple reference to the higher court, they would go up to the commission all having their votes. Mr. H. R. Reid said he was there as a lay man, at the unanimous request of the Elsternwick congregation. It was his duty to assure the presbytery that the Elsternwick Church and congregation had very earnestly watched the painful development of this question, and had come to the unanimous conclusion that it was not to the interest of the church that this matter should be con tinued further, their belief being that evil and not good would result if the matter were fought to the bitter end. The Rev. J. Hat desired to state his reasons for dissenting from the finding of the com mittee. Before giving those reasons, he wished to Bay solemnly that the aspersions which had been thrown upon the convener of the committee were without foundation. He knew that no member of that committed was more anxious to farther the work on hand than Mr. M. Macdonald. He placed himself unreservedly in the handB of the committee as to dates. If there was any obstruction or delay in that committee it was caused by him (Mr. Hay). The committee unanimously found that the article in question did not contradict the standards, but they found several things which they considered required explanation. He contended that unless the members of the committee were pre pared, on these defective, ambiguous, and exaggerated statements, to found a distinct charge on which the preBbytery could formu late a libel, they had no right to quote ambi guities. If the committee had discovered any statement in the article on which by a legitimate construction of it they could found a charge of nneoundneBS, they would havp done bo, and it would have been their duty to do it. But they found no statement which ehtitled them to say the writer was guilty of unsoundness, and because they were not abld to do that, in his opinion they were travelling beyond their instructions when they reported on what was ambiguous, and seemed tp them to require explanation. There was no power to bring a charge against a man under Buch circumstances, or to demand ah explanation from him. If there were such power he could go to a minis ter's church—say to Mr. M'Eachran's—take long notes, and then come to the presbytery ana say he heard the minister preaching what seemed to be ambiguous, that be (the minister) Beemed not to oe clear about in spiration, that he seemed to have a mechani cal view of the Atonement, and make other assertions, and so put the minister oh the rack, and ruin his reputation. How; the report hinted suspicion, and for that reason be differed from it. He then con tended that Mr. Strong had merely written an historical sketch of the views which had been held on the Atonement, and that he was not writing particularly of thd views of the Presbyterian Church, or any other body on the doctrine. With that view be (Mr. Strong) had simply endeavoured to give a true history of Hie views which had Eden held. The committee had not ven tured to say the writer had, in indirect or nom categorical terms, contradicted the standards of his church. They were asked to find if he had contradicted them, and had not found that hehad done so, and could not find that he had done so. The committee had found that there were grave omissions in the article, and that it entirely overlooked the symbols of the chnrches—the creeds, articles, confessions, and catechism$—which declared the doctrines in theit most matured and articulate formB, and also that the writer overlooked the general agreement of Proj testant writers on the subject. Now, many of the ambiguities or omissions might have arisen, because certain things had not entered into the mind of the writer, and as to not refer* ring to the symbolic books, the writer might say they did not Bhow anything in any degree about what he was treating—the del velopment of the doctrine. If the writer did say that when questioned the presbytery could not make him change his opinion or blame his logic. Mr. Strong had not pui forth the article ob infallible, and it was not the bnmnesB of the church to notice such omissions as were referred to in the report,' Ab to the remark in the report about not mentioning the general agreement of Pro tea* tafit writers on tne subject, it was a notorij ous fact that Protestant writers were not agreed on the matter of the Atonement. A11 though they generally admitted the fact of the Atonement being thrbugh the death of Christ, there had been controversies as toj whether Christ died- for {til men, or only tor the elect, and- on other points.! Referring to the 8th particular, he would; point out that the omission of thei supernatural and miraculous facts of the; Gospel were characteristic of thewhole article. What was the reason of this? Not surely that the writer wished the presbytery to! think that he denied the supernatural or miraculous, but simply because they did not! come legitimately within the scops of his article. The writer was treating of the) growth of opinion in the church—about'a fact which had come into her religions! consciousness. In reference to the state4 ment about the different doctrine in tin Synoptist Apocalypse and in the Epistles of! James and Peter, on which was founded the! serions charge that Mr. Strong seemed to! deny the infallible truth of the scriptures, Jo was not out of place to remind the presbytery] that several members of the committee had dissented from the view stated in the'report, and were inclined to say that " different; doctrine" Bimply meant a different form presenting the same truth. The langua.,.. without tasking a great demand on their charity or intelligence; conld bear that construction, and seeing that it was so, snrely it would have been more kind to pit! that opnstruction upon it rather than to rear such a charge on so flimsy a foundation. Bnt supposing thS committee s construction to be right, the conclusion come to did not' in any degree follow, because " different doctrine waBnot theBameas " contradictory doctrine." Ere this conclusion could logically follow, the word "contradictor," or something equi valent, would have had to be in the article!. As'an illostration, showing hpw " different" was not "contradictory," would Mr, M'Eachrah say that the idea of Gqd givehin the Old Testament was the s^me ;as' tpat given in the New jor.if dlfffrent. wpuld he say that it .was " contradictory.?" .pta ihMp two tMSonS:' then.the teribnraiMfwIl to the ground. Snrely, moreover, different accounts of everitB fn flTe life of Christ—a phrase usedtoiMr. jM'Kaahjran himself—wT., from Mr.-iM*Eachran B ' Standpoint, ouj^ as incompatible with the. iuf&Uible; truth of Scripture as the expression "different doctrine," and to notice the difference be! tween Paul and James was surely not lea# offensive than to notice the different account# of the Last Supper in the gospels. In paj ticular No. 10 the committee said the dif* ference between John and Paul was exae" gerated by Mr. Strong. Let it be noticed here that the committee admitted that there was a difference. The question was then one of degree. About No. 16, the presbytery would be pleased to learn that fonr members of the committee dissented. They justly considered that Mr. Strong's using the Word "even" indi. cated that he did not put the apostle on the same footing as other men; and he did think it wonld be not asking the jpresbyterv too much to imagine that Mr. Strong would not in such on off-hand way seek to sub* vert the authority of Scripture.'■ But to make this clearer, notice the connexion in which the words were used. The writer was seeking to show that in theology as in everything else unity of spirit, not uniformity, was the law of life. He was wishing to point out unity amid diversity!'and in order to emphasise his point, he BnoWed that we conld not all feel and think like Irenseua or Origen, Luther br Calvin. He endeavours to strengthen hiB point by saying that we could not all think even as John, or James, or Paul, He was not saying a word about the ia. fallibility, inspiration, or authority. He was simply wishing to show that there was a unity of spirit independent of all forms, and they could admit this surely when they considered the simple fact that if the apostles uod'lived now-a-days, the form of their teaching would have been changed to suit vis, ah Paid changed it himBelf to snit Greek, or Roman, or Jew, without in any way im pugning hiB apostolic .authority. These were the reasons why he dissented from the committee's particulars, and he did not require to go over their findings. But him to explain. The Rev. D. Ballan tyne bad said on the previous day that Mr. Strong had explained to bim, and he had accepted the explanation of the sense of what was meant in the article. t Mr. Strong wonld also explain to any man the meaning of the article and of the things of which he wan accused. The men who accused Mr. Strong ought to go to him and get an ei> plan&tion;, and then spread it abroad that their conclusions were unfounded, and all wotild be welL The first duty of a Christian minister was not to do any harm to a brother, or do anything to damage his position. (Cheers.) The presbytery then, at 15 minntes past 5 o'clock, adjonrned to the following morning at 10 o'clock. 