LITERARY FRIVOLITIES. J There ere many kinds of leboriene trifling, whioh are the relaxation! of the basy and the business of the idle. The man who ahnt him ■ell np in hie room for aix month* to. And an anagram for his mistress's name, and then disr oovered that his fsneied snooees wm nought, be cause she did not spell her name as he had sop* posed, certainly wasted time; bat perhaps he coold not hare made mnefa profitable nse of it otherwise. Alliterative poems are of old date; the earliest attempts at verse in the. English language made amends far halting measures and faulty rhymes ~by large''nse of alliteration— making many words in eaeh line begin with the tame letter. Idpogrammatio poems, .the. moet • useless and frivolous possible, are still older.; The term " lipogram" is applied to a kind of verse in which a certain letter, vowel, or consonant is altogether omitted; ana althoaghone might not find much difficulty if the letterieft ont was » ' or y or g, the practice has been to omit one of. the most important of .the whole alphabet, and thus to pat Pegasus>in fetters 'most effec tively. A Greek poet, I*sus (b.c.S88j, wrote* hymn to Geres; and an ode to the Centaurs, in which the letter t did not appear; and Lope de Yega wrote five tales, from each of whioh one of the five vowels was excluded. A Persian poet or poetaster read to the oelebrated Jam! a sonnet of his own, whioh the critical poet did not like; and when told that it was nevertheless a very curious composition, because the letter Aliff or A was not in it, Jami sarcastically said—" You can do a better thing yet; take away all the let ten from every word yon have written." Oharlee Y. said that he would speak French to Us Mend, Italian to Us mistress, Qerman to bis horse, Spanish to his Uod, - and English to the birds, on account of the enormous dumber of blaring or whistling sonnds in theBnglish language;. but we find In a clever colleetlon of literary frivolities published in the Mayfalrldbraryaspeclmenpoem containing three stanzas written without an s. The three are equally mediocre, so as spaee is' limited we only giva one as a sample of Upo grammatlo composition:— o OOliX, Lovm. comx. ' Oh Come to-night, for nought doth charm The weary time when tbou'ft away, Ob come; the gentle moon hath thrown O'er tower sad hall her quivering ray. The heather bell hath mildly gong Fiom off her f aliy lest the bright And diamond dewdrop that had hung Upon that leaf—a gem of light. Then come, love, oome. In poetry we have the privilege of nrlng th instead of « for the third person sing alar, exoept with the useful little word is, which is quite refractory; and we can only use irregular plurals, whioh are very few—men, children, oxen—a very great cheek on the expression of onr ideas. There are some literary frivolities whioh snit one language and not another. For iuetanoe, donble acrostic*, which are a clever modern im provement on the acroetio simple, oould not be constructed in Italian, because every; Italian word ends with a vowel, and the final word made np of the finals of the various definitions or lights wonld be destitute of the bona of con sonants on which to build it. And palindromes, where words and sentenoes spell backwards and - forwards the seme, are most unedited to the English language, though they have keen most enooeaafnl in latin. What sense is there in Stiff, O dairyman, In a myriad of fit* t —one of a lot of long palindromes reoently pub. liahed in the Observer, written by-Mr. Hi Oamp kin to please a youthful group of Mends, and to show that tfae English language is oapable of being twisted into unoontb ways if one will only take the trouble "and dfes not mind much about the sense. We are {>11 familiar with the alliterative tour deforce— An Austrian army awfully arrayed Boldly by battery besieged Belgrade, Ac. The following we think more a muring— Arthur asked Amy1! affeetlon ; Bet, being Benjamin'a bride, Coolly out Charlie's oonnectlon; Deborah Dicky denied. Eleanor's eye, efficacious, Frederick'! fatality feele; ' Giles gained Georgians—good gracious! Harry hates Helen's high heels. Isaac is Isabel's Idol: Jenny jeers Jonathan Jones; Katharine knows knock-kneed Kit Kreldal; Love's leering Lucy's long bones. Vary meets mortifications; Nicholas Nancy neglects 1 Oliver's odd observations Prove Peter poor Patty protects. Quaker Qnlntlllan's queer quibbles Bed Bacbel's reasons resist: Soft Simon's sympathy scribbles Tales to tall Tabltha Twist. • Uis'la, unthinking, undoing Volatile Valentine's vest William's wild wickeder wooing 'XoeedB youthful Zellca's rest. There Is one faulty line here under the letter t, which is neither alliterative nor good sense; hot the rest is smart enough We should feel inclined to substitute for the K and L lines— 1 Kate knows Karl kindkeen Kit Kreldal Loves lavish Louisa's large loans. The use of a single vowel Is familiar to us in these lines— Persevere, ye perfect men. Ever keep the precepts ten. But an ingenious writer in 1Votes and Queriet made a series of verses, each of whiob con tained only one vowel TBg nUSSO-TDkEBB WAR—A. War harms all ranks—all arta, all crafts appals? At liars' harsh blast arch, rampart, altar, falls! Ah, hard as adamant a braggart Casr • Arms vassal swarms, and fana a fatal war! Bampaut at that bad call, a Vandal band Harasa and barm and ransack WaUsch-land. A Tartar phalanx Balkans scarp batb put, And Allah'a atandard falls, alas! at last. THE war.!. OB EVE—B. Eve, Xdcn's empress, needs defended be; The Serpent greets her when she seeks the tree. Serene see sees the speckled tempter creep; Gentle he seems—perverted seheefner deep Vet endless pretexts ever fresh prefers— Perverts her senses, revels when she errs, bneers when she weeps,—regrets, repents she fell, Then, deep revenged, re- seeks the nether helL THE APPROACH OF EVENING—1. Idling I elt in this mild twilight dim, ' Whilst birds In wild swift vigils circling skim, Light wings in sighing sink,-till rising bright Nghtfs virgin pilgrim swims in vivid light. INOONTSOVEBtlSBB FAOXB-O. No monk too good to rob. or oog, or plot; No fcol so gross to bolt Scotch eoUops hot. Prom Donjon tops no Oronooko rolls. Logwood, not lotos floods Oporto's bowls. - : Troops of old tosapots oft to ant nonsuit. Box tops onr schoolboy a, too, dojtog for sport. No cool monsoons blow oft on Oxford dons, Orthodox jogtrot bookworm Solomons 1 Bold Ostrogoths of ghosts no horror show. On London shop-fronts no hop blossoms grow. To crocks of gold no Dodo looks for food. On soft doth footstools no old fox doth brood. Long storm-tost sloops forlorn do work to port. Books doaotroost on spoons, nor woodcocks snori^ Nor dog on snowdrop or on coltsfoot tolls. Nor oommon frog concocts long protocols. . THE HAKE SUBJECT CONTINUED.—U. Dull humdrum mnrmurs lull, bat hubbab stuns. Lncnllns snuffs ap mask, mnndungas shuns. Puss purrs, buds burst, backs butt, luck turns np tramps; But full cups, hurtful, spur up unjust thumps. The only slip in this is in the sixth line of the O scries, where our contains the vowel u. 