THE SHOWMAN'S GHOST [N.Y. Weekly Herald.] CHAPTER II.--(Continued.) Verschoyle and the Captain came from the saloon together. "What have you to say to me?" asked Ver schoyle in a constrained and haughty tone. The Captain cleared his husky throat and squared his oilskinned shoulders. "I'm a family man, sir," he said, "and a plain dealin' man, and I'll come to the p'int at once. Is that young lady your wife, sir?" "You should know better than to get drunk," said Verschoyle, angrily amazed, "when you have a journey before you and a ship in charge. " "That's no answer to my question," said the Captain. "Are you married to that young lady?" "What in the name of heaven is that to you?" demanded Verschoyle, with a curse thrown in. "Well, here's a man who says you're not, and if you are-you know-you can say you are, and there's an end of it." "Show me the man," said Verschoyle. "Come here," said the Captain aloud, and Jim stepped forward. He was still labouring for breath, and having striven to breathe softly to listen, he was breathing all the harder now. Verschoyle knew him. "This is the man," said the Captain. "He says you are not. Now, I say, are you? Answer a plain question straight, if you please, sir." "Suppose I decline to answer?" "Then," said the Captain, bluntly, "I re- fuse to carry you." "You are legally compelled to carry me." "Am I?" said the Captain, with a short laugh. "Then I'll take the legal responsibility and you can take your legal remedy. That's all. Get your traps together ; for I am damned," said the Captain with a mighty emphasis," if you travel in my boat, wherever else you travel." "Very good," said Verschoyle, with savage hauteur. "You will repent this." "Not me," said the master mariner, cheer fully. "I hope you will, you --" There followed a sentence of descriptive phrases which shall rest unrecorded. The Captain had as rich and racy a vocabulary as any man who ever trod the boards of a Channel steamer, and, glowing with a comfortable glow of righteous and triumphant wrath, he flung its treasures at the retreating Verschoyle by the mouthful. All on a sudden he checked the current of his anger and entered the saloon. Verschoyle, pale and disturbed, was speaking to Virginia. The Captain put him on one side and sat down by the girl, who was crying bitterly. Verschoyle began to rage at this, and the Captain turned upon him in grave reproof. "What do you mean by using language like that afore a lady? I'll give you three minutes to be off my boat, young man, and if you're not off in that time you'll leave it a good deal more swift and sudden than you'll care to." Then, ignoring Verschoyle's presence, he took Virginia's hand between his two big palms, and addressed her, very gently, "My pretty dear, I'm a father, and I've seen a deal of life in my time. I ain't speaking angry to you, am I? Now, you go home and be a good gell, and a blessing to your father and mother. And don't you listen any more to that blackguard as wants to lead you astray into a foreign land, and then throw you over and leave you brokenhearted. Go home, my pretty. That's the place for you." "We are going to be married in Boulogne," sobbed Virginia. "That's your lying game, is it ? " said the Captain, rising and turning upon Verschoyle. "Now tell her that poor yarn before a man of the world, will you? Eh? Will you? You miserable liar!" "How dare you?" cried the girl, sobbing. "How dare you speak so?" "Come. Virginia," said Verschoyle, and she arose, crying bitterly. "I speak so," said the Captain, "because it's true. He won't tell me a lie like that. And if he does I'll see him stick to it. I'll appeal to the Consul on the other side and see things square." This the Captain delivered with an air of a man who clinches the nail of proof ; and, turning again upon Verschoyle, demanded to know whether that would suit him. Vir ginia had raised her veil, and was looking from one to the other. "My poor dear," said the Cap tain, softening as he turned to her, "he doesn't mean to marry you. Ask him if he does. I'm game to take you to Boulogne." --the Captain was warlike again, and directed this statement at Verschoyle--" and put you under the Con sul's care till this nice young man sets fair by you. Ask him if he means it, my poor dear." The Captain was quite a study for an actor in the rapidity with which he changed his face and voice and manner when he looked from Verschoyle to Virginia or from her to him. "Ask him if he means it!" cried the Captain, thrusting his hand almost in Verschoyle's face. The handsome rascal's face, with the lowering frown upon it, said "No," without a word or need of one. She read the base denial there, and burst into renewed tears and wrung her hands and murmured that it was cruel. Oh, it was cruel, cruel! Moved by the sight of youth and beauty brought to such distress the Captain turned upon Verschoyle for the last time. "Now then! Sharp there! One minute more, and I'll have you chucked overboard. Hi! you there!" Jim entered. "Collar them two port- manteaus and chuck 'em ashore." Jim seized the luggage, and would have been rejoiced to extend the order to its owner. "Now, get out." Verschoyle retired before the indignant Captain, mounted the ladder, crossed the saloon deck, and went ashore. Jim threw the luggage unceremoniously after him, and then following the Captain, returned to the saloon, and, taking Virginia's hand, led her, unresisting, from the vessel. "God bless you, master, for what you've done this night!" said Jim, in taking leave of the Captain. The men were moving about the deck by this time, the mate was ordering here and there, ropes were tugging across the dark- ness, and the ship was quivering with the short urging stroke of the engines. "Take her home, and good luck to you!" said the Captain in reply, and went back to duty, and treated sea-going virtue to a stiff glass by the way. Verschoyle summoned a hansom and drove to an hotel, feeling mean, as our transatlantic cousins say. The writer feels an unfeigned joy in kicking him out of the story. For a while poor Virginia suffered Jim to lead her, being, indeed, so broken that she scarcely knew him or knew of anything but Verschoyle's baseness. But after a time she spoke. "Good-by, James. Be kind to father and mother." "Miss Virginia," said James, "if you knowed how broken-'arted they are, and how glad an' willin' they'll take you home again, you'd never dream of leavin' 'em. You couldn't." She twined her hands together with an action which bespoke pain and shame, and anger and remorse. A hundred other things were in the gesture too, and Jim, without being anything of a psychologist, read and understood them all. "Oh, Miss Virginia," cried honest Jim, ha'f crying, "have a heart. For the Lord's sake, have a heart." She stamped her foot and made a downward gesture with both clenched hands. "I won't go home," she cried distractedly. "I can't go home. How can you be so cruel!" "Cruel, miss?" said Jim. "Whatever can I say to persuade you?" Such a head as mine," said Jim, with a distraction of aspect more than equal to her own, "ain't fit to be trusted with a hunting body. It's me, miss--Jim. Why, you've laughed at me hundreds of times, you have. Don't you know me? Lord, I don't believe she knows me?" While he spoke she walked on rapidly, and Jim followed. "Miss Virginia," he appealed again, "come home to your poor father. Think of the missis swounded dead away." She quickened her footsteps to a run, and Jim held on behind her appealingly all the way. Suddenly she stoppen, and turned upon him panting. "I won't go home," she said, with a sullen resolution unlike anything he had ever known of her. "Thrown away !" she cried, breaking into sobs and tears again, "deserted! Go home to be an eyesore to them! To be pitied, and scolded, and forgiven!" Then sullenly once more, "I won't go home!" Jim's agitation and uncertainty were pitiful. He stood and looked upon her sorrowfully, but could not find a word. Looking about her once, she faced round and walked swiftly. He fol lowed. She stopped again, "I am going away," she said. "I shall never go home." "Very well, Miss," said Jim, in downright helpless desperation. "Where you goes I goes, an' I'll foller you to the world's end." CHAPTER III. Sign of the White Horse. A chalky quad ruped, with very stiff legs, and apparently, if you might judge by the disturbed aspect of his mane and tail, under strong electric influences that was the White Horse. He was woodenly electrified--if I may be allowed the phrase--on 2in. of seagreen grass, and wedged very tightly into a sky of improbable blue. A slight warping of the board, due to climatic influences, had be- headed the White Horse, and the painter, as if in anticipation of that effect, had bestowed upon his countenance a backward look of feeble astonishment. Below the sign a low window, with a comfortable red blind in it. Behind the window a room, with sanded floor and sawdust stored spittoons, and heavy tables, with beery circles on them, and crossed clay pipes. About one of the tables half a dozen men, solemnly drinking and smoking and telling ghost stories in broad day- light. The gentleman in the battered white hat and belcher tie was the proprietor of that light of nature, the six-legged horse, and the employer and exhibitor of the spotted lady. The gentle- man in the fur cap, the rabbitskin waistcoat, and the red handkerchief, was the owner of the swinging boats on the village green outside, as yet unpacked and waiting for to-morrow's fair. The seedy man in seedy black, whose skin was so curiously loose about the region of the eyes, was a professional sword swallower. The gentleman with the red nose and bibulous eye, wherein much beer had left unquenched the light of native humour, was sole owner of Bolko's unparalleled waxwork exhibition. The other two were showmen also, and recognisable anywhere. Five listened while the red nosed man with the bibulous eye talked. "Th' on'y ghost as ever I knowed to haunt a showman was my brother Bill's own private an' particular property," the red nosed man was say- ing ; " he was in the waxwork line afore me, like his father afore him, my brother Bill was, but he had a misforchin as led to his retire- ment." "Ah!" said the man in the rabbitskin waist- coat, "what was that?" "He died," said the red nosed man-- "scarlet fever. Leicester. Buried in the parish church- yard. Well--afore he died, mind you--he had a ghost of his own, his pardner, Joseph Turk, Reg'lar, after business hours, it was Joseph's habit to get as drunk as he knowed how to, and simultaneous, as a man might say, my brother took him home at closing time. But one night, Bill he doesn't turn up. Joseph he starts alone, an' quite natural he falls into a clay 'pit and kills himself. Well, theer's a inquest, theer's Bill to give evidence, theer's verdick, theer's a buryin', and you'd ha' thought as it was done with wouldn't you? My brother, Bill he was a soft-'arted feelin' sort o' man, an' he took on a good deal over his pardner's death. Sittin' by hisself on the night arter the buryin' thinkin' about poor Joseph, all of a sudden he feels a creepy sort of a chill come over him, an' his eyes is drored round like to one side, an' there he sees him, in a pair o'cord trousers an' a velvetin jacket an' a billycock 'at, with a yaller handkercher with blue spots on it round his neck, which was his reg'lar wear. Well, you might ha' knocked my brother Bill down with his father, he was that crumpled up at it. ' Willy-um,' says the ghost, a speakin' holler in his chest like, 'w'y didn't you fetch me 'ome,' he says, 'that fatal night?' My brother Bill says nothing, he was that knocked over. 'Willy-um,' says the ghost again, 'it's my intent,' he says, 'for to haunt you reg'lar,' he says, 'every night at twelve.' And with that he varnishes. Well, he comes next night, an' next night, an' next night, and my brother Bill gets that weak an' skeered he didn't think he'd last long. So he comes to me an' he tells me all about it. 'Why, Bill,' I says, 'it's a forchin for you.' 'What d'ye mean?' he says. 'Why,' I says, 'exhibit him,' I says, 'to any scientific spiritualist who wants to see a real bonner fidy ghost,' I says. 'Theer's a mine o' money in it.' Well, Bill he takes my advice, an' he might ha' died a Rothchile if Joseph hadn't took offence at it and left off visitin' of him.' " "I can see, Mr. Bolko," said the seedy man in seedy black, "that you're a sceptic." "A what?" asked the red-nosed man. "An unbeliever," said the other." "Am I? " said the red-nosed man. "P'raps I am." He took up his pot and nodded round, "My respects, gentlemen." Then, having emptied the vessel of its contents, he rose, and said, with hoarse solemnity, "Them as doubts my tale can doubt it. Maybe I have my doubts about it. Never mind. But there's a moral in it, which is this--if any showman has a ghost in the family as can at all be relied upon to turn up reg'lar, theer's a pot o' money in it. Good afternoon, gentlemen." The sceptic departed, and the five believers remained behind. "Comin' back," said the man in the rabbit- skin waistcoat, "to wot we wos a-talkin' about, it's my belief, look you, as Sol Varley's haunted." The man in seedy black said that it stood to reason. "Look 'ere," said the rabbit-skin waistcoat. "When did poor Sol begin to turn that pale an' queer? When did he begin to sit an' stare at nothin' for an hour at a time, an' talk when there was nobody to talk to? Why, when his gell died. When else? Why, not at all." "Of course not," said the sword swallower. "An' as for them," said the rabbit-skin waist- coat," as talks about a gell like that havin' bolted along of Sol's man Jim, why, it's madness, ain't it? Now, I arsts anybody 'ere, Would she ha' looked at Sol's man Jim? Would she ha' spoke a civil word to him 'cept as a young lady might? I put it to you, gents. Is it likely?" Nobody thought it likely in the least. "Very well, then. If you wants wrong talk about a young woman it's allays cheap enough in the purfession an' out of it. But to talk about a young lady like that bolting with a cove like Sol's man Jim, an' Sol pretendin' of her to be dead, why, it's enough to turn a man's drink hacid on his stomach to listen to it, ain't it ?" "Now, I'll tell you something," said the man in the battered white hat. "I've sat quiet an' I've heard all sides. I didn't say nothing while Bolko was 'ere, 'cause I don't want none of 'is chaff, which he's too ready with. Gentlemen all, I've seen her !" The four gathered near him with solemn faces. " Last night as ever was I seen her," he said again. "I was leadin' out the oss for exercise-- near midnight it was--an' I parst round by Sol's waggin. An', strike me dead, but I seen her face, as white as chalk, a lookin' in at Sol's winder, an' her glides down from it without so much as touchin' a foot on the ground, an' passes me with no more noise than a bat ud make. I ain't easy frightened, but I was frightened then. But I looked arter her an' seen her melt--reg'lar melt away." The man's face, voice, gesture were enough to stamp his narrative with strong reality. His hearers looked from one to the other awe struck, and, in spite of the broad daylight, gathered closer. Before another word was spoken they drew their heads apart, and resumed their pipes and beer with a transparent effort to seem un- concerned. Solomon Varley stood at the door, looking with haggard eyes from face to face. His coun tenance waa pale and drawn, and though his lips moved no sound came from them. He lurched a little, like a drunken man, and set his hand to his forehead. Next, looking vacantly about him, he turned away and sought the street. The five men arose and peered after him through the bow window. "He ain't long for this world," said one. «Poor old Sol!" "No," said another. "He's had his call, poor Sol has--evident." Solomon Varley crossed the Green slowly with downward eyes and head, noticing no man, though most looks were turned to him with sympathy or curiosity. He reached the house on wheels, which, like himself, looked less prosperous and tidy than of old, though but two months had gone by since it shone in all the splendour of new paint, and Sol himself went upright and happy. Mrs. Varley sat there in a black dress sewing, and looked up sadly but kindly as her husband entered. Sol closed the little door, and took down a nautical-looking jacket which hung behind it. From the pocket of this garment he drew a soiled letter, which he bore to the window and read over. It had no date, and was written in a sprawling hand. "Sir," it ran, "this is ritten with great grief to tell you that your daughter is dead. Before she died she told me to rite to you ; but I can nott rite, and a friend rites this for me. She told me to say that she found out befour it was too late that the man she ran away with was a villan, and left him. I am to say again, befour it was too late. Wen you see James he will tell you the same-that she left him befour it was too late. She would have come home to you, but she was ashaymed. She is dead, and she thought you would like to know it because it woold ease your mind.--Yours truly, "MARTHA WOOLLEY. ''P.S.--She sent all love and blessings befour she died. She praid you to forgive her and praid for you night and day." The letter bore the Bristol postmark and had been delivered while Solomon was in that town. He had appealed to the police to discover the writer, and Martha Woolley was searched for, but in vain. There was some comfort in the ill- spelled letter, bitter as it was, and that comfort Solomon laid to his sore heart every hour of the day and thanked God for it. "What is it, Sol, dear?" said his wife, rising and putting her brown arm about his neck. "Don't brood over it, my poor Sol ; don't brood over it." Her eyes were thick with tears as she spoke, but she controlled them resolutely and would not let them fall. "She's better off than livin' with a broken heart, Sol : better off," said the mother. "You're a good wife, my dear," said Sol, hoarsely and wearily. "A good wife. Yes, she's better off. But it'd be somethin' if we only knowed where her grave was, my dear, wouldn't it?" The simple question spoke of such despair to the wife's heart that her tears would have way. She drew his head to her breast and swayed it to and fro as though he were a child. "Poor Sol, poor dear Sol! Our time ain't long, my dear. We shall soon see the poor broken hearted thing again, Sol. If she'd come back, she'd never ha' heard a bitter word from us, Sol, would she? Never a bitter word. Never a bitter word. Never a bitter word." She went over the phrase again and again, as though there were comfort in it, and still held the bowed head to her wifely breast as though it were a child's. "Such a child!" said Sol, a minute or two later, seated with heavily dependent arms be- tween his knees, as though his hands bore a weight too great for his strength, and with eyes fixed on the floor. "Such a child, rosy an' pretty two months ago! An' now as white as snow-as white as snow!" "Sol!" cried his wife with a ghostly face. "Ay," said he, looking at her with lack-lustre eyes, "as white as snow-as white as snow." "Sol!" cried his wife again. "My darling," said Sol, stretching out one heavy hand nervelessly and laying it on her shoulder, "I see her poor dear dead face last night at the winder I've seen it three nights runnin'. It's my call. You'll be lonely when I'm gone. You've been a good wife, Sarah, an' I'm grieved to leave you. But I've had the call." His nerveless hand dropped down again as if it held a weight too heavy for his strength. His wife knelt before him, looking in his face. A timid knock came to the door, but neither heard it. It was repeated a little louder, and Mrs. Varley, rising, opened the door with a scream. "Don't be put out, Missis," said a voice from outside. "Might I come in? Is master theer?" "Come in," said Mrs. Varley, faintly ; and Jim entered, ragged, shoeless, hollow-eyed, pale, bearded with a bristly beard of two months' growth--a man foredone. "I swore," said Jim, "as I'd find her if I follered her to the world's end. I follered her and found her, an' she slipped me, an' I follered her again, an' I follered her on, an' on, an' on." The two looked at him with such awful faces that he paused. "Did ye get any news of her ever?" he asked after a while. Solomon still held the letter in his hand. "That come," he said, "a month ago." Jim spelled it through, and then, returning it to the broken and crumpled envelope, held it while he spoke. "No more news than this?" "Never a word," said Solomon. "Did you find where she was buried, master?" Sol shook his head. "We tried," said Mrs. Varley, "everywhere. But the letter didn't even tell us where she died." "Master," said Jim, "I've walked a matter of a thousand miles. I'm dead beat. If you please, missis, I should like the things I left. I'm very bad off for a change." Mrs. Varley poured out a can of water into a washing basin, set out soap and towels and a comb, then produced a bundle of clothes from a locker. "You can get a wash, James, and a change," she said, crying silently the while, "and I'll get you something to eat." Saying this she left the house, and Jim, laying down the letter, began with laboured slowness to divest himself of a very tattered shirt. He paused suddenly in tho act of drawing it over his head. "What's this I hears about a ghost, master?" Solomon started and stared at him. "I meets Tom Hackett twelve miles behind, an' he says you've seen a ghost, he says. That's what he says. 'Your master's haunted.' " Solomon rose with outstretched hands. "Has anybody seen it besides me?" "Have you seen it, master?" cried Jim, slipping the garment back again. "Three times," said Solomon, with awe-struck face. "When?" cried Jim. "Where?" "Allays at midnight," answered Solomon, "at that little winder--pale, an' thin, an' white-- as white as snow." "When? When?" cried Jim again. "Last night?" "Yes," said Solomon, "last night. For the third time. It's my call, Jim. I shan't be here much longer. I shall foller my poor broken- hearted child." "What?" cried Jim, in a voice which would have been a roar but for his feebleness. "You've seen her three times, an' never spoke to her?" Solomon could only look at him in grief-struck wonder. "Why, I found out the gell as wrote this letter. Sewed boot-uppers for a livin', she did. Her it was what fired the bullet. But who makes it, do you think? Who makes it, master?" "Jim," said Solomon, trembling from head to foot, "Jim"--warning and entreaty mingled in the tone. "Master," says Jim, "if what I says ain't true, you take a pitchfork out of the waggin out side and run me through with it I finds the gell as wrote this letter. What makes me find her? 'Cos I'm travellin' to search for Miss Virginia, and 'cos I've sworn as sure as heaven an' earth I'll foller her to the world's end. Miss Virginia had been a-livin' with her, an' one day her says to her, 'A dear friend o' mine is dead. I can't write.' Her says, 'You write for me an' I'll tell you what to say.' And then her writes this letter. Then Miss Virginia ketches sight o' me an' runs away again. Was a-makin' petticuts at the time an' livin' very hard, but quite respectable. On I follers--tracks her, loses her, finds her, loses her, tracks her again an' follers on again." Solomon was on his knees and the tears were dripping through his fingers, dripping thickly on the floor. "Such a face, Jim!" he moaned ; "that wild an' worn an' pale! Oh, Virgie! Virgie!" "Master," said Jim, "I've had word of her all along. Now her's took rail and I've had to walk, an' now her's slipped me ; but I've took up the track again, an' at last we've found her." The tears were coursing down Jim's face too, and washing out brown channels in the grey dust which covered it. "Not a word to the missis, not a word." said Jim. "Her'll come again to-night to look at you. That's it," said the valiant, tender- hearted scarecrow, shaking with his sobs, "poor bleedin' heart! Just wants to see you, like, as often as her fear'll let her." "May I come in?" said Mrs. Varley, tapping at the door. "Not yet, ma'am, if you please," said Jim, bolting the door with great haste ; and, still sobbing and crying, he proceeded to his ablu tions, and having conquered his tears and changed his dress, and again warned his master to silence, he admitted Mrs. Varley and sat down to a prodigious meal under the shade of the house outside. Solomon went feverishly to work to help the men who were arranging the vans and putting up the canvas in readiness for the morrow, and Jim kept sedulously out of Mrs. Varley's way. Before nightfall he limped away, unrecognised by any of his ancient comrades, whom he had dodged all afternoon like a stage villain, unin tentionally inviting inspection. The night grew dark and Solomon sat with a wildly beating heart in the little house on wheels. Mrs. Varley had retired to the bed room partitioned off at one end of the structure, and there, by the light of a little lamp, spelled through the Psalms in the Prayer Book. Many and many a line she went through half mechanic ally, and the words had no meaning for her. At length the slow forefinger, rough with the needle, paused at these words. "As for me, I am poor and in misery. Haste Thee unto me, oh, God!" She bowed her head, and wept above the line. And what was that? A cry outside that thrilled her to the soul--an answering voice within which called her child by name, the noise of a door that opened sud denly, the voice again that called her child by name. Hurrying to the main chamber of the house on wheels she saw Jim beyond the open door, with a drooping figure in his arms. But it was her husband's voice which called upon her child ; it was her child and his who lay worn and pallid, but alive, in those protecting arms. Solomon Varley that night retired from business. In the next week's Era his un rivalled zoological collection was advertised and in a week it had passed to other hands. Little Virgie's cheeks are abloom again long since, and little Virgie is a happy wife and mother. I could transport myself by train and road in four hours and a-half to that quiet place in Worcestershire in which Sol Varley and his wife enjoy the otium cum dignitate of their simple lives. I know a well-to-do jobmaster in a neigh bouring town who answers to the name of Jim, and has been given up by all the eligible women in his own station of life for four miles round as an incorrigible bachelor, and sometimes in Re gent-street or Piccadilly I meet a handsome and distinguished looking man, who limps a little in his gait from an ill-set broken leg, the result of an encounter with that same jobmaster when the two met together by accident about a year after the events related in this story. Most of Mr. Verschoyle's friends are under the impres sion that he received this injury whilst out hunting. Jim hearing this once on a time nodded sternly, and remarked, with a look of enigma on him, that it happened a year after the hunt was over, and being pressed for infor mation, he declined to say another word. 