KING CHEOPS' "SKELETON GUEST"* TO JOHN BULL. By W. G. B. I'm precious old as ages go, No wonder, for with Cheops I did the "bony guest," you know, When Chemmis did his hops; And long ago before his time, Togged out superb each day, In raiment fine I used to dine With Egypt's princes gay. Although I'm seedy rather, Of this be quite assured, Five thousand years of blather I've silently endured; The wildest tales that ever fell From any human lips, I've listened to but dare not tell, Egyptian moral slips. John, 'tis lately (let me see, About five hundred years) Since first your name was known to me, Mixed up with beef and beers; The dark-façed children of the Nile, Descendants of old Cheops', Now bless your jolly pod old file And swill your malt and hops. Now could you, fat and poddy one, Get Huxley, Tyndale, Slade, To put a trifle body on My marrow bones, old blade; So, that the flavour of your ale Might on my tongue be got, Light, bitter, sweet, or very pale In delf or pewter pot. Lord! how my old chops rattle, How my dry ribs expand, As I long to swig and tackle The home-brewed of your land; When old Cheops died, his eye-tooth I Prigged, and stowed in my skull, I'll give it you right willingly For swipes a belly-full. Take it to rich old England, They'll talk about it so, All else will be forgotten For about nine days or so; Ben Beaconsfield, Will Gladstone, Doubtless will have a look; And Royal Vic. (God bless her!) Will grin at Cheops' tooth. All London's big fat coster- Mongers will be there; And the ghost of Billy Forster Will stop and have a stare At the big tusk from Suez, The grinder from the Nile, While the Pyramids old mummies Will sneeze, and yawn, and smile. Take the tooth John--don't reject it; In return send me some beer,-- I'll carefully inject it, I'm rot dry and dusty here; Old Cheops and I will bless you For the next ten thousand vears, And while we thus caress you, Drink your health in British beers. * The Egyptians honoured the visible but silent "skeleton guest," whom they arrayed in rich apparel at their feasts. I think Thackeray says that in every house there is a skeleton. I quite agree with him, although we moderns manage to make his presence felt without being seen. 