^ Wk ?? — BFNJIE BUTTONS' RIDE HOME 0!T THE BULL'S BACK. Mv name is Benjie Buttons— my profession, a tailor. Ye laugh freens ; there's sina* occasion. Had I been a sodger ye wad to baen regardin' me wi' looks o' admeeration. Puir humanity . Which is the wiser-like occupation, think ye— shapin' and Minn garments together for the comfort and adornment o' a fellow mortal's body ; or borin holes in it, as a preparation of worms meat ? Like ;our great tribune John Bricht, I'm r.ae for fetchrn for the hamestead— an', my certie, if it come tae that, ye'H no fin' Benjie Buttons a fudgie. Anld Farther lime nas bueiveu. me frac takin' my stan' amang the younger athletes ; but P vc seen the day Benjie cud tak' the shine out o' a wheen o the callante— either at loupin' or wrestlin'. As to head lore, our his torians, feelosophers, and poets are my familiars ; I conjure by thTne mention o' poets will aptly furnish an introduction to my ain storv— and I fancy the reader wM be compeU^ to oro that neither Mazeppa's ride, as tauld by a Byron, nor John GUpms, as rhymed by a Cowper, is mair wonderfu'. If Byron s hero rode the ' desert-born,' Benjie rode the ' parish- bred. It was the eve of the annual celebration o' the 'Highland games' in oor district. I had still a connection wi* the sports, bein' a committee man and the judge o' bagpipe music. I ma irraun han' on the fiddle, and can play my favourites wi the deftness c' a Neil Gow. To mak' the tail o' my story clear it will be necessary, at this stage, to infoim vou that £ lease a sma cot tage about twa miles fraetlie village an' station o Didlum, at the very edge o' the line. My wife Mag and three bairns are dependent on my needle, a pig, an' half a score o hens for bea and board, and they fare gey weel. I can tell ye. It was a Friday nicht early in August, I left my '? household o-nris' hale and heartv to attend oor committee meeting »' the village. As soon as the feenal touch had been put to the arrangements, Watchie dived into a wee press in the wall, flshin' out a large blue jor, au' a set o' glasses, which he clapped on the table. ( ' Noo, billies,' he exclaimed, ' we'll uncork, and ye'Il gic me your opinion on my Glenlivet.' Oor verdict was, ' Gweed stuff ! ' an* ower the tipple we dis cussed politics, airt, science, religion, &c.;, &c.; My certie, had there been a reporter in the corner, like Gurney in the ' Xoctes ' of Wilson, he wud hae opened Hie eyes of the Lords— the half o' them scamps and idiots was our verdict. He wud also hae gaen a hint to the '? Lower Hoose' about dcalin' wi' the obstructives. We had also a sang or twa, an', in fact, were a happy ' band o' blithers,' but, as Burns writes on a somewhat similar occasion : ' Pleasures are like poppies spread ; You seize the flower, its bloom iB shed. ? ? ? * Nae man can tether time or tide, The hour approaches Tam maun ride.' Sae wi' us. It was gey near dawn, though the morning cam' muffled in sic a clood o' mist that ye cud hardly see her face. Mag, I was jealousin', would be puttin' Benjie through his facin's for so late, or raither early, hamc-coming. My certie, she's a match for Punch's Mrs. Caudle at ' curtain lectures.' I was compelled to give up the volunteers to the force o' her eloquence, an' I strongly suspect that l'U no be able to attend oor coinmittce mcetin' neist spring— at least I'm nae expectin' it. While pensively musin' o' Mag's worryin' ways, I reached the old Toll-house, an' bethocht me o' makin' a near cut through Tilly's meadow. I missed the stile on account of the fog, and began to clamber over the dyke. Watchie's Glenlivet was fizzin' i' my noddle, as I steadied myself on the coopin' stanes, when a low deep moan struck my ear. It was sae eerie and waefu' that I gave a start and swayed backwards and forwards so long that I lost my centre o' gravity, and to save myself a haphazard tumble, leapt down wi' legs an' airms extended as if gaun' to flee. Doon I cam' as a maitter o' coarse, but nae to embrace mother earth, as I expected, but a rough hairy animal. Thunder and lightning ! I had dropped astride Tilly's 'doddy' bull, Joshua. Wi' a snort o' surprise and anger, nae doot, for bein' roused out o' bis mornin' nap, the animal sprang to his feet. I wud hae been jerked ower the rump had I no grupped on by the tail— to which my face was turned, I tell ye, freens, it was a kittle position to be on a sudden launched into — mair especially as I'm nae . rider. I confess that I never was but aince mounted afore — - and id y experience o' that ae ride wasna re-assurin' . - Joshua gave me little time for reflection— for a second or two he ~ pawed the ground with a deep ominous low— then giving utter- f ^ ' ^ ance to a tremendous bellow he shot away across the lea, with tail ^ in air, as if he had been stung by a host of gadflies. * ? ? Roused from their lair, tbe rest o* the herd joined the rout, and round and round the park we careered, until we cam' back to the starting point at the old Toll-house. Here the bull' went head- - long at tne stile, which I had failed to fin' ; and breaking the twa upper bars landed on the turnpike. At the same time a splinter of the sticks had torn my skin as well as my breeks, an'II fell the warm bluid tricklin' down my thigh. The way was now clear to the vUlage, an', my certie, didn't he go it. Across the railway brig at a bound, then slap through the she baker's kail yard. When we reached the main street o' Did lum, bellowin' as we tore along, windows were thrown open, cowled heads an' faces in mutches looked forth to see what the row was, while in my agony I shrieked out, 'Help a poor tailor.' How cud they hae helped me, unless indeed, they had shot the ' brute, running the risk o' wingin' the rider ? 'From my stem view 1 kent he waB headin' for the kirkyatd, an' I cudna help reflectin' that tbere wud be a funeral passin' the same road at an early date, wi' Benjie Buttons in the procession an' na' conscious * o't. Meanwhile Joshua had rammed the kirkyard gate wi* his head, but it wudna budge, sae he turned, sharply down a narrow lane that led to the railway, an', smashing the wooden palin' at the comer o' the Station House, leaped from the platfbriu on to the line. Wi' a tremendous roar, he straightened himself, for a gallop along the iron road — head north, tail south— fan, to my horror, I saw, looming in the distance, an object which I kent to be the nicht mail. I then took up my parable, and thocht, for I cudna spake. 4 ' Farewell, ye green pastures and wavin' crops ! Farewell, my bonny bit cot I Mag an' tbe bairns, farewell 1 Sorry will Mag be for a' her girnin' wi' Benjie. when he's carried in a bleed in' and mangled corpse to her, for, without a doubt, I'm booked for the terminus.' While thus mentally soliloqueezing, the smokin' demon drew nearer an* nearer, an' I cudna help thinkin' o' that terrible story o* Poe's, ' the Pit and the Pendulum.' The latter, if the reader is fameehar wi' it, is described as comin' down and down till the tcethened edges of the pendulum begin to saw the victim's clothes. Instinctively I began repeat ing the Lord's Prayer, had finished it, a' was beginnin' the ' Creed,' fan the driver o.' the engine gave a tremendous fussle. It cam' so sudden on the bull that he bounded aside, and slip ping, rolled broadside down a steep embankment, pitchin' me at the same time richt over the fence on to my own dunghill. After rakin' the muck frae my eyes, an' lookin' up to see faur I had got to, I saw Mag in her nicht gear lookin* oot for her truant spoose. My certie, didna I feel quear ! She had witnessed my abrupt arrival, but Ehe hedna seen the means o' transit, so she shrieks out. ' Gweed save us, Benjie, hae ye come hante by telegraph ? ' ' By telegraph ! ' I replied ; ' no woman, I cam' hame by Joshua.' Her 'dander' was up in a minnet; an' without askiii' ony mair questions she hisses forth, 'Ave, aye, my lad, ye've been at yer drunken tricks again; but the neist committee meetin' ye attend l'U be there tae.' ? Aberdeen Free Press. A Galveston man met a friend from the country on the street. ' How do you come on ?' exclaimed the former. ' When 1 last heard of you, you had a lawsuit on hand with Tom Smith about a fine horse. How did that end?' 'I won it. I com pletely got away with Tom. You see the justice was the most honest man in the world, so I wrote him a note asking bim to accept the enclosed 5-dollar bill.' 'I should think the judge Would have ruled against you for trying to bribe him.' ' So he would if I had not been careful to sign Tom Smith's name in stead of my own.' Several days ago, says the Gazette, a celebrated spiritualist came to Little Rock, and stated that before giving a public enter tainment he would give a seance, where any member of a small invited circle could call up the spirits of their friends and converse with them. By mistake, a man from down the river was admitted, a man whose reputation for deeds of violence would not place his spirit above par in the 6oul market. After listen ing a while to rapping, hora-blowing, and gauze veil material ization, tbe bad man arose and said : — ' Say, cap'n, \ har*sthe old man's ghost?' 'What old man?' asked the medium. 'My old man, the governor. Call him up.' ' What is his name ♦ ' ' Tom Bealick; call him up ' ' 'I don't think we are in com jnunication with him to-nieht.' '? What's the matter, wire down?' 'No, the old gentleman is off on a. visit.' 'Now- here, just shut up your wardrobe and turn out your light. If you don't give the old man's ghost a show, the thing shan't run.' 'Wait; I'll see if he'll come,' said the spiritualist. If he raps three times, he is willing ; if only once, he has other engagements.' A sharp rap sounded. ' He is un willing,' continued the spiritualist. ' Now, here,' said the bad man, 'that wan't my ole man's knock. Why, ef he'd hit that table he'd splintered it. Call him up,' and drawing a revolver the affectionate son casu severe look on the medium. ' To teU you the truth, I can't can him up.' ' TeU him that I want to see him. That'll fetch him.' ' No, be won't come ; but I beg of you to be patient. Wait; ah, he wiU come presently. H, jg here, and desires to talk with you. He says that he is perfectly happy, and that he longs for the time when vou wfll be with him He is one of the rulers in the spirit land.' ' Cap'n, vou are the infernalest liar in Arkansas.' Why so, sir?' Because the old man is in the city prison, drunk as a pedlar's femnip poodle.' 