MR. J. O. STEWARTS SP BUCH AT THE SCOTS CHURCH. I TO TOB BDITOB OF TUE ABQUS. Sir,-On reading the report of my remarks at the Scots' Church meeting, I decided to ask you to allow rae to offer a word of ex- planation, but aeeing that the Castlemaine PreBbytery had taken notice of the matter, I at onco wrote to Dr. Niah, informing him, that as the Assembly would not meet until November, and as I had previously made all my arrangements for leaving for Europe not later than the beginning of October, I would be glad if be would suggest the best way for me to satisfy the church as to what I did really intend to say. I havo not yet got his reply, but Mr M'Eachran's letter of this morning demands immediate notice There are two matters complained of, viz (1), a charge of dishonesty against ministers and office bearers in subscribing the Standards , and (2) of misrepresenting what these Standards teach. With regard to the first, allow me to say that although there aro expressions in my speech which taken by themaelves might naturally be construed as an accusation of dishonesty against all ministers and elders of the church, myself and Mr. Strong included, yet the general drift of the speech does not, I think, warrant such au interpre- tation, As, however, my words have been so interpreted, I beg now to state that it was not my intention to accuse any one of dis- honesty, nor do I believe that such an im- pression was in fact produced on the minds of those who heard me The whole drift of my argument was to exonerate Mr Strong from the charge of dishonesty in remaining in the church and retaining the emolument of his office, while it was believed he was not in accordance with tho whole staudarda . and I tried to show that no one accepted ali the statements in the standards, to which every officebearer without expressed qualifica- tion vowed adherence-that no man could say that be asserted, maintained, and de- fended all the statementsuei batim el literatim, and that therefore Mr. Strong was not a dis- honest man unless all his brethren were to be called dishonest. I wished to pro- test against any man being called dis- honest because he differed in the con- struction of these standards from the majority of his church, and still remained m her communion, Would any one dare to say that Dr. Niall and the large number of ministers and elders who supported him when he protested that the teaching of the standards on the subject of marriage with a deceased wife's sister was unscriptural, were dishonest, because, although in a minority, they retained their opinions and remained in the church ? I alluded to the great difficulty experienced in getting men to enter the church as mini- sters or elders, because they could not accept literally all that the standards seemed to teach or imply 'These men argued that when the church was formed in 1859 she adopted as her standards without any qualification, ex- cept as regards the powers and duties of the civil magistrate, the standards compiled by our forefathers, and that having placed no interpretation upon the language and state- ments therein employed, or made any dis- tinction between what was essential and non essential, the church muat be taken to have adopted in their entirety all that is in these books, in the meaning which such language, in its plain and ordinary acceptation, would convey-that the formula of subscription required the officebearer to "own" that he accepted these standards as expressing " the sense m which I understand the Scriptures," and to bind himself to "assert, maintain, and de- fend the same " That without some modifi- cation in the language of the standards or of the formula, the persons I am speaking of regarded their adoption of these standards as a literal acceptance of the state- ments therein made, and would not be free from the taunt of dishonesty merely because individual munsters might assure them that such and such a construction and statement were no longer insisted on. It was in com- bating the notion that this literal interpreta tatton and acceptance of everything in the standards waa required that I made allusion to their contents 1 With regard to the creation of the world, it is perfectly true that the word day is not defined in the standards to mean 24 hours This was my definition, and understood to be such by the audience I was aware that another interpretation has been given to the word" day," but it appeared to me that those who adopt this interpretation do not accept the statement of the Confession in the plain and natural sense of the English word, nor in the sense in which it is used in the chapter on the Sabbath, 2 My language, to the effect that " millions and millions of God's people have been sent to eternal perdition simply because they never knew of Christ," was not, and did not pretend to be a quotation. And there fore Mr. M'Eachran is right in say- ing that it is not to be found in the standards But the justification of the impression on my own mind is con- tained in such passages as the following :— "They who, having never heard the gospel, know not Jesus Christ and believe not in Him, cannot be saved, be they never so dili- gent to frame their lives according to the light of nature or the laws of that religion which they profess, neither is their salvation in any other but in Christ alone, who is the Saviour only of His body, the church " (Larger Catechism, question 60 ) The fate of the wicked, who are defined in the Con- fession (chapter 33, section 2) as those "who know not God, and obey not the Gospel of Jesus Christ, " is described in the Larger Catechism, question 69, which states that they are "cast out . . . into hell, to be punished with unspeakable tor- ments, both of body and soul, with the devil and his angels for ever " The expression " God a people ' simply meant mankind. 3 Again, in speaking of the elect and non elect I made no quotation. My language may have been offhand, and not such as I would have used in writing The passages before my mind were such as the following -" By the decree of God, for tho manifestation of His glory, some men and angels are predestinated unto everlasting life, and others fore ordained to everlasting death, 'these angels and men thus predestinated and fore-ordained are particularly and un- changeably designed, and their number is so certain and definite, that it cannot be either increased or diminished." " The rest of mankind God was pleased ... to pass by, and to ordain them to dishonour and wrath for their sin, to the praise of His glorious justice"-Ch. 3, sec 3, i, 7. " Others not elected . . . cannot be saved, much less can men not professing the Christian religion be saved in any other way whatsoever, be they ever so diligent to frame their lives according to the light of nature, and the law of that religion they do profess , and to assert and maintain that they may is very pernicious and to be detested" (Con- fession 10, 4 ) 4 My statement in regard to infants was based on chapter 10, sections 3, 4, where it is said that " elect infants dying in infancy are regenerated and saved " The phrase "elect infants" seemed to me to imply that there were elect and non elect infants. For if it were meant that all infants are saved, why is the word "elect" used? This im pression of the significance of the phrase seemed to me to be confirmed by the opening words of the succeeding section as given above commencing " others not elected, . . can- not be saved." I am not a theologian, and have no inten- tion of entering upon a theological diacua sion, but I feel that the interpretation which I have put upon these and other passages is the one which an ordinary layman would be sure to place upon the words, and which I know prevents many excellent men from accepting office in the church If I made ans misrepresentation or used un guarded language, I deeply regret it. But before speaking on the matter at all, I had conversed with several ministers and elders of the church, and found that they shared my view as to tho teaching of tho standards if accepted literally ; and as to the latitude of interpretation which must therefore be taken, although every office-bearer is required to own without any qualification -Yours, í_c , Aug. l8._ J. C. Stewart. to Tim i DiTon or thl ahous Sir,-1 am glad there is a prospect of the Confession of Faith being put upon its trial. It is by some charged with affirming many hard and incredible things, while by others this charge is wholly denied. Thus, Mr J C. Stewart, at tho meeting of the Scots' Church congregation on Monday evening last, made some startling and sensational dis- closures as to some of its teachings ; and tho Rev. Mr M'Eachran, in this morning's issue of your paper, dissents in toto, and calls upon Mr Stewart to prove his assertions The vehe mence and earnestness of Mr. M'Eachran's disclaimer seems open to only one interpreta- tion, viz , that if only it were clearly proved to him that he was wrong, and that, after all, Mr. Stewart was right, he could no longer swear by this said Confession of Faith. Now, to me, a layman, making no pretence to any further knowledge of the subject than can be ac- quired by reading and the exercise of common sense, it does not seem very difficult to decide whether in respect of tho four points taken exception to by Mr. M'Eachran, he or Mr Stewart is in the right. With respect to the first—the creation of tho world in six days, of 24 hours each—what says tho Confession? "It pleased God . . to create . . the world . . in the space of six days." Of course we all know that this affirmation is believed to be founded on Scripture ; and although geological science has thrown a flood of light on the probable age of the world, and has demonstrated the erroneousness of supposing that the world was created in "six days of 24 hours each," and although it is now seen that the biblical day need not be interpreted as of 24 hours, will Mr. M'Eachran deny that until compara- tively recently it was believed tho Bible did mean a literal day of 24 hours? But Mr. Stewart's contention is not that the Bible teaches so and so, but that the Confession of Faith does. We may be in error as to our interpretation of Scripture, and may have from time to time to modify our views. But what the Confession teaches is just that —neither more nor less—which its compilers meant to convey ; and Mr. M'Eachran cannot deny that they meant to express their belief that the world was created in " six days, of 24 hours each." Whoever, then, says he be- lieves all the affirmations of the Confession of Faith believes this now exploded idea of the creation of the world in six literal days. With respect to the second point which Mr. M'Eachran traverses, viz., Mr. Stewart's asser- tion that "millions and millions of God's peo- ple have been sent to perdition simply because they never knew of Christ," I would simply refer him to the fifth and seventh paragraphs of the chapter "Of God's Eternal Decree;" the first beginning thus : " Those of mankind that are predestinated unto life," &c; and the latter, " The rest of mankind God was pleased . . to ordain . . to dishonour and wrath," &c.; This seems pretty con- clusive to an ordinary intelligence. With respect to the third point, a refer- ence to tbe same paragraphs as indicated above will bear out Mr. Stewart's views : for we read that those " predestinated unto life" were "chosen in Christ unto everlasting glory . . . without any foresight of faith, or good works, or perse- verance in either of them, or any other thing in the creature . . . moving him thereunto," &c.; As " the rest of mankind . . . according to the unsearchable counsel of His own will, whereby He extendeth or withholdeth mercy as He pleaseth" were ordained to "dishonour and wrath," it is difficult to avoid Mr. Stewarts conclusion that " the non-elect, do what they could, could not be saved." As to the horrid doctrine respecting tho fate of many infant babies and respecting which Mr. M'Eachran appeals to the fact that " Presbyterians throughout the world believe in the salvation of children dying in infancy," I would remind Mr. M'Eachran that it was the teaching of the Confession of Faith on this point, and not the belief of "Presbyterians throughout tho world," to which allusion was made by Mr. Stewart. What, then, says the Confession?—"Elect infants, dying in in- fancy, are regenerated and saved by Christ, through the spirit," &c.; " Others not elected . . . cannot be saved." The foregoing is embodied in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the chapter of "Effectual Calling." The "amazement" which Mr. M'Eachran says he experienced on reading the report of Mr. Stewart's speech may excusably, I think, be felt by those who read his letter, as its contents seem to indicate want of knowledge as to the character of the teaching of a book with whose contents he should be quite con- versant. As to the element of " dishonesty," I am of opinion that Mr. Stewart is quite correct, looking at tho whole bearings of the case as he does. He says, in effect—" If these are the teachings on a few points of the Con- fession of Faith, and if these doctrines are not believed in by some of our ministers who yet insist on others giving in their adhesion to them, such a course is dishonest. What a man insists on another believing should be such as he himself believes." I fail to see any flaw in tho conclusion thus arrived at. Yours,'&c.;,~ "*" WILLIAM TURNER. Toorak, Aug l8 TO THE EDITOB OF TUB AB0U3 Sir,-The pastors of the Presbyterian Church are offended Mr M'Eachran and the Castlemaine Presbytery are troubled in their minds, they are in haste to protest before the world that they are honest men which I doubt not. But while Mr M'Eachran declares brusquely that the doctrines imputed to the Confession by Mr Stewart are not con tained in it, he has not condescended to inform the public what are the doctrines of the Confession of Faith and the Presby terian Church. Mr Stewart instanced two important doctrines of Calvinism—the one the creation of the world, as an act of Gods free sovereignty ; the other, the doctrine of predestination, as an act of the same im mutable sovereignty. Here is the doctrine of the Confession on the first point :—It pleased God "to create or make of nothing the world and all things therein, whether visible or invisible in the space of six days." Surely every one knows that the many meanings attributed to the word ' day" are an afterthought caused by geo- logical discoveries. The Confession says plainly ' six days," but Mr M'Eachran tries to escape by calling out that it says nothing of 24 hours. What man who knows the English language would think of always adding this qualification ? The word day has a certain very definite meaning, and can only be naturally understood in one sense And further, if Mr M'Eachran can read into this account of creation the modern geological results regarding the slow formation of the earth—if he can so interpret the phrase " to make out of nothing," then Mr Stewart's argument is unassailable, that another man ought to be allowed to accommodate other dogmas to modern ideas. The next point is the doctrine of pre- destination The doctrine of the Confession is as follows :— " Elect infants, dying in infancy, are regenerated by Christ through the spirit, who worketh when, where and how he pleaseth So also are all other elect persons who are incapable of being outwardly called by tho ministry of tho word. Others not elected, although they may be called by tho ministry of tho word, and may have some common operations of tho spirit, yet they never truly come unto Christ, and therefore cannot be saved much less can men not professing tho Christian religion be saved in any other way whatsoever, be they ever so diligent to frame their lives according to tho light of nature and the law of that religion they do profess and to assert and maintain that they may is very pernicious and to be detested ' Again, ' They who, having never heard tho gospel, know not Jesus Christ and believe not in Him, cannot be saved, be they never so diligent to frame their lives according to tho light of nature, &c; (Largor Catechism, Q 60) Now, when Mr M'Eachran says, in opposi tion to Mr Stewart, that Presbyterians be lieve infants to be saved, he surely forgets that the Confession carefully limits salvation to " elect infants ' When he questions Mr Stewarts statement, that millions have been sent to perdition with out knowing Christ, when he questions Mr Stewart's assertion that "tho non elect, do what they could, could not be saved, he surely passed over by some strange over- sight the doctrine that the non-elect, be they never so diligent, cannot be saved. I might add extracts from tho chapter on God's decrees, or tho account of original sin I grant, indeed, that Mr Stewart's words are not to be found in the Confession, if that be the wretched quibble to which Mr M'Eachran has descended. But the quotations given above are sufficient to show how far Mr Stewart was justified by the very words of the Confession And if this Con fession be the true creed of Presbyterianism, and if an exponent of it, like Mr. M'Eachran, has to content himself with an assertion of what Presbyterians believe instead of the authoritative doctrine of the church, then where is the orthodox man who has a right to bring a charge against another ? Who are the orthodox Presbyterians is altogether a very puzzling question. Aug. l8. -Yours, &a;, PURITAN. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ABGOS. [ Sir-I waa somewhat surprised to find from 3/ic Argus of this morning that the Presbytery of Castlemaine have placed upon record their opinion that Mr J C Stewarts representations of certain doctrines taught in the Westminster Confession were "unwar rentable and inaccurate," and that they were " neither true nor well authenticated." I was the more astonished at this because at the meeting in the Scots Church Mr Stewart had a copy of the Confession open be fore him, and it was therefore very improbable that he could make any serious mistake on the points referred to by him To satisfy myself I have this day perused a copy of that venerable document, which, in the eves of certain Presbyterians, is more sacred than the Bible itself The members of the Castlemaine Presbytery aver that it is untrue that the Confession teaches that tho world was made in six days of twenty four hours,' that "to satisfy the justice of God millions of millions have been sent to eternal perdition because they did not know Christ, that " there are an elect and a non-elect, and that the elect will be saved whether they like it or not, and that tho non-elect, do what they can, cannot be saved, and that there is such a thing as the damnation of infants who have never lisped a name." Now, what say the standards. The fol- lowing extracts will show - " It pleased God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost to create or make of nothing the world and all things therein, whether visible or invisible in tho space of six days." "By "tho decrees of God for the manifestation of his glory. some men and angels are predestinated into everlasting life, and others preordained to everlasting death Those men and angels thus predestinated and preordained are particularly and unchangeably de signed, and their number Is so certain and definite that It cannot be either increased or diminished .' The rest of mankind God was pleased to pass by, and ordain to dishonour and wrath for their sins to the prmieo of His glorious justice " " Elect infants dying in infancy are regenerated and saved by Christ. So alto are all other elect persons who are incapable of being outwardly called by tho ministry of tho word " '" Others not elected cannot be saved, much lees can men not professing tho Christian reli tion be saved In any other way whatsoever, be they ever so diligent to frame their lives according to tho light of nature and the law of that religion they do profess, and to assert and maintain that they may is very pernicious and to be detested " ''They who never heard the Gospel, know not Jesus Christ, and believe not in Him, cannot be saved, be they ever so diligent to frame their lives according to tho light of nature or tho laws of that religion which they profess" " At tho Day of Judgment tho wicked shall be cast into hell, to be punished with unspeakable torments, both of body and soul, with tho devil and his angels for ever " These extracts (and others might be added) must certainly justify the statement made by Mr. Stewart. They clearly show that the standards signed without any reservation whatever by every office bearer of the Presby- terian Church teach that the world was made in six days, and by days the compilers meant 24 hours, that there are an elect and a non-elect, and that these are so accurately classified that their numbers cannot possibly be increased or diminished ; that non-elect infants cannot be saved ; that for the peace of the glorious justice of God the millions of men who have never heard Christ, or pro- fessed the Christian religion, cannot be saved, and that to assert such a thing is very pernicious and detestable, and that those who are not saved find themselves eventually in hell for ever, and that thus their perdition and damnation are eternal. Tho Castlemaine Presbytery further aver that Mr Stewart characterised all who did not maintain, assert, and defend the doctrines contained in the Confession as dishonest men He did nothing of the kind. He simply referred to the charge which was being con- tinuously urged against Mr Strong, that he was dishonest, because he differed on some minor points from the standards of the church, and he pointed out that, if that constituted dishonesty, then there was not an honest office bearer in the church. In making that statement he took it for granted that the doctrines referred to were taught in the Con- fession, and that no one now accepted them He showed that the standards had to be signed without any reservation, and that their statements had to be accepted in the actual sense which they were originally meant to convey. Further, that ministers at their ordination undertook to defend, maintain, and assert the whole doctrines of the Con- fession. He pointed out, however, that there were certain doctrines in the Confession which, by common consent, were neither believed nor asserted, and he concluded that, by virtue of that common consent, a man did not lay himself open to a charge of dishonesty because he did not in everything accept the teaching of the standards, Mr Stewart's hypothesis was, that the views stated by him were in the Confession, but that some of them were considered obsolete. The Presbytery of Castlemaine, however, go further, boldly de- claring that these doctrines are not only un worthy of belief, but that they form no part of the Confession. -I am, &c;, J. P. Aug. ir. _. 