Charge of Embezzlement. At tha Central Polioe Court, to-day, Joei&H; J'. Beatty, cashier, in the employ of a largo d)-ap6r in. the ciiy, Tv-a8 charged with cmb- zzlir,cr the sums of £1 and £3, the moneys of hi? employer. It &p-; pearod that, on ins 4th instant, £2 urea paid into the hands of the accused in ^isohargc of (.ho acoounti of a Mr. Mann, who livrd at Gladesville, and that; on'y £i had been accounted for ; aad ttiai'. on the 6th instant, a Mr. Bntcbor had paid in an amount, of ,£4, while only .£lwas noted in tbe ay count. The proseontor had a conversation with tha-. accused on the previous 6r j, when ho said hp had re ceived the moneys br-t be conid not account for them. Ho had not wasted the money, rnthad paid it into a. building society towarcia the ezpunEeR of a fconsp. which he h&d; built. Prosecutor »a.:d him p. srvlary of £5 j«r week. Witnesses ver* ceiled to prove that the amounts of ^61 from Mr. Butobsr &i;d £1 froja Mr. Mann, ^tm altered in the brick -o their proper amounts. 'R hen crroetea j-esterday afternoon ftbonfc £30 in cash «ad found on the accused. fhe bewch committed tbe aecn^d for trial, allowing baiT of ^£100 and two Buceiiei of .£50, or one of 4100. The Mercantile Sowing- Cub B*U CoraroittfiO hu.il & i all meeting Ia«t eveaisg in1 th* iJiiiranro Hoi-:lv The hon. secretary renorteti provrefif?, sind evfirj'thinEr seems to begoins alona- very satisfactorily. Aseeonvi batch of tictats -was jriven vhe Kc-verui membora of tlia eociniittee, vrhich m-?sn8 tht-rs is a very dt-oiced caH for them, &a; usual. The c&t-ijrir.g; hue beon pls-ced ia the hands of the Cnaipsgao-ii Compa-ty. s.'.:A tbo Youcg Aust- Jiliia Bi^'t has b.»en aa&iu; ecp-aEied to eh :vi-]y the music. As will be -os:i S\v our r.dvertie iv.e ocluraus, the fail tat.es pl.'.ct- s-1 thv Ex'uibitica Building, on Thursday waek. Ths ccuimiviaa ecem dispoee i to make t-iis year's ecrcia! meeiicj; one oi their greatest successes. The Victoria Braes Band will perform on Prince Alfrod Paris to-ciorrow (Saturuny) a.iioriioon, at 3.30, under the direction of iir. 'Joseph DougUs, whoa the f'ollotriEg se!8ct;.oi:E of n.usic rviil be ren dered: — March, ' Dorkui's Ni^hi,' Eivieri; quadrille, 'H.6LS. Pianofore,' D. Godfrey; echottische, ' Las Rendavoos,' Marsh ; waits (by tequeet). ' Woodland Whiskers,' Gnrald Stanloy ; poika, 'La FletudnVale,'' Ooote ; Muroh,' Let tae kiss him for his mother,'1 G. D. Callen ; lancers, 'L-3wia Scott,' E. BiAnchard; polka,' Cremorce,' J. Douslaft ; traiop, ' Eolipae,' C. Coote, jan. ' God Save the Qaeeu.' An interesting event occurred on Thursday in Mr. A. Haenerbein'e pianoforte warehouse in Georga-atreot, in this city. Abont 160 ladies and gentlemen assembled by invitation to hear Mr. F. J. Haliiwell, a bass vocalint, who was for 10 years professor of singing n* the UmTereity «f (Jzforci, and who brings with him to the eoloniH an excellent reputation, gained at the Crystal Palaoe and Charles Halle 'e world- famous concerts, Ac Be has also h.$-d the honour of Ringing, by Epeoial oom mand, before H.E.H. Prince&s; Louise 'of Lome, H.B.H. the Dakeof Con&an;«rht, and H E.H. Prinoe Leopold, with sipaal snecsss. Mr. Hftlliwell po«-| Besses a mnaical and gha deep bass voioe, hjghly ; cultivated, and his etylo ie cevfrftly clafalpiL! free from all attempts at conventlonalUm/ and fall of dramatic force and energy. : JJ»; sangr 'Honour in Arms,' from ?tS«nw«*'' splendidly ; and also ' Now Heaven in FnUaat - Glory,' from the ''Creation;'' 'The Erl Kuur,'' by Sciubert; 'I Fear no Foe,' by Pinnti; and 'Qtti Sd^no non Sacoende,' from the 'Magio Flute.' Tha last song was Bung with exquisite . delioaoy and expresBion, and was redoUat ot lyrio beauty. It haunts our memory like a ghost as- we write. A flute boIo on aire from Verdi's ' Masked Ball,' arranged by Panzini, was finely played by Signor Pagnotti and Mr. C. B. Foster, the latter of whom acted aa aeeom paniat throughout, with that tact and brilliant exe cutive skill which he invariably displays at concert*, Two violoncello solos by fciigaor Boman, of the Theatre Eoyal orchestra, were performed to the praat delight of all who heard them. One oi these was an original fantasia, and the other a Caprice Hontrroise by Dn&kler.; The execution of thue pieces by Signor Boman was above fault&nd; orftieism. lor it waa zcatehleas, fanlileae, and delight fnl. These compositions combine a great variety of technical diffi&ultieB; with strains of beautiful melody, all of which were flxquisitsly rendered. Mr. A. Hnenorbein fully redeemed tha promise mentioned in his printed circular, namely, that of affording thote who attended a gt*at mutioal tt«at. The rows of pianos and other musical instrnments in the ahow rooma, and th* exqoiaite tonee «f Mr, HaltiweU'B Toiea and of Sitnor Boman's violpncello. made cs fancy that we ha* g-Qt into a tempi? of Apollo, in Btw4 v& tho Bhowrooma of api&noforutwanhonae.; Sisrnor and Sigaora Fftbria gava a concert on ThMBdav ni*W »* *k« Barvood Sohool of Ar^, ffWoh wm T«ry auooeasftil. Theae artist** w-ri- gristed by Ur. p. B. JF««t« *j pi^tet, Mflt. C, B. ^?t*5 Mr. Coloman, Mr. H. VRlkiiaon, Jlt3i mwietan* the oonoert oould sot be othirwiie wmx ? enueBBfnl. Firs hundred witnesBoa in an ©leoUonbribery owe ia ' England have bout called on to aive thiir teati* 1 