SPORTING NOTES. FLEMINGTON. Tuesday. Aftor a steady rain during tho night, which mado tho trades capital going, work did not not commonco until about sue o'clock. Tho morning broko cloudy, but with a vor£ ploasaut atmoHphoro, and thoro was somo S t |c81IT1,ftte work done. Carmon was tho ret to business, and sho strodo along for a Cftuplo of rouuds on tho outer track Morcuryand Belladrum- dido good gallop onco round tho tan. b t Crcswickdid somo good stretching oxcrciso ter a couple of turns on the sand. Mubrodalo and Gipsy Coopor did Bcmo ox- tondod work on tho outer circle. Trump Yoss, with Brian Boru, cantored for a milo aud three-quarters, and thon thoy gal- Ioped a muo, tho son of Ckinrad going woll. Saionora and Gamiu cautorea. Darebin, in company with Torriblo Billy, gftllonod a milo ana a half in fine term, Billilla strodo along for a mile, Sutiboain and Fryiugpan, nftor cantering, galloped balf-a-mile. Tlio colt Bhapod very woll. Waxy and Sardonyx woro doing a good onco round the ground, Waxy afterwards going for a round by hunsolf, whon ho strode along in good form. Wollington strong work j - ho- looks and wont gaily, Tho Czar did somo good extended work with Don Quixote, and wont morrily. Allondor aud Alarm Bull galloped half-a- milo. Trumpotor, looking strong and woll, . was ' .working. . Clmttoror and Attocho galloped a couplo of, miles on tho tah. ; . Itivorton and My Lord did a good oxtonder .. on tho'sund track tor a round. Nautilus was also doing somo sorvicoablo oxcroiso onthosaiul. Lord Clifdcn and Respite did serviceable' :work. JoSonhino galloped about a milo. Sir Olivor, Advont, Ooriolanus and Golden' Butterfly, worked in company, fiuishingup with asharp run.- ; . Warhawk did long slow exorcise. Zulu and wlieatoar did a really good gallop round the ground. Sweetmeat and Lord- Burghley wont threo miles on the tan traek, the last two being done at a good threo-quarter pacoj both wont vory woll.. ' ' Surroy and Master Avonol woro doing somo nico work on tho outer circlo. A brown pony of Mr Ivory's, who is iv sweet goer, was striding along for useful oxovcisc. Somnus and Hilarious, aftorjeantoring, bow- lod along ovor nbout a milo. . > StrModrcd and Idalium in breast clothed, wont twice round tho outor track, and moved freo ahd woll. - i Whisper and Wizard wore on tho tan track, and thoy rattled along nt best pace for a mile; Rocdcror, Whitethorn and Bessie- Chifden ran a fast half mile on tho sand traok. Pawnbroker, Homo Rule and Satanolla woro doing nico oxcrciso. ; Topaz was working on tho tan. Pollio, Poll Moll and Commotion did a . strong gallop of two miles on tho outor circlo. ' Tho Ghost gallopod a fast. milo,. and ap peared to go strong. Canary was oxorclsiug on tho tan, and strodo along for a short run, and went freely. Harp of Erin, Soothsayer and Bandalbion gallopod a mile, tho chestnut , horse showing his superiority. Albyn, Eros, .and Outlaw wero doing steady work. Mistake was striding along at half pace. Cotowayo was cantering. j Monmouth, Martiudalo, and Bathurst, worked slowly in company, as did ;Mr Fonnclly's youngsters, who arrived yostorday overland. Tho brother to Palmyra is a fino colt. Bos worth, Postmaster, and Tlio Nut woro doing medium work, Prince Gcorgo was doing a cantor in hand, by tho sido of a hack. Ho looks uncommonly well. Gnsello . and Hieroglyph did somo long strong work. ; Lcsma and Bushman woro doing somo nico exercise. Ad venturer, in clothes, went a couplo of timoa round the outor track; "and got a good scrapo. Thoro wero many othor horses on tho tracks, but thoy woro only doing alow work. 