THU DIFFERENCE BETWEEN" KNOWING ABOUT AND KNOWING CUBIST. Bx Tin Ear. GOSDON CA-CTHUOP. "That I may knowHim'"-Pnn.iPPiAN8 iiL.'lO. TJKXiSSS I tun muoh soiataken, there ia a tolerably \ wide-Bpraad conviction in the world that thc external observance of religion, if it be associated with cor. wetness of life, is auffioiant to secure for any on« of us admission into the kingdom cf Heaven. Giren » ' * man who has been baptised; who has boon oon ? firmed ; and who has thence proeoedod, in duo coarse-« to the tablo of the Lord ; who contributor money to charitable purposes ; and is a fairly regular at» tendant at pnblio worship; and whoso conduct, in addition to all thia, is ohaiaotarisad tey integrity an J ' honour-given such a mau ; and I think thai tha vordiob of very many of na aboat him would bs aomefchisg of thia kind-that .he nooda no chango of heart, and baa no roaaon whatover to be approhen> sive about his standing in the sight of God. Ho<", I am anxious that, at the outset, you should tako my moaning' rightly. I am not undorvaluinf oxtarnal observance. I am not at all likely to do so. ? Indeed, I mnat honently confesa that it io one of tht perplcxifclea which I have almost djrily to encounter-» how lara to regard people aa Christiana at all whoas * worship ia int3rmitt9nti and carolaaa ; who live ia open neglect of the moans of grace which Christ bag appointed for the spiritual growth of His Church; Nor, Rfp.in, am I asserting that we have a right to look below the surf ac», and to attenant to pry into tho secret reoosaes of our neighbour's heart. It is enough for us, in forming an opinion of; another man, that that man complios, so far * aa wo oan eoe, with the requirement* uf the Christian position, and does not live and act' in obvious inoonsißtonoy with it. The judgment of; oh ari ty ia the jndgmant which beoomee oreaturea sa. fallible as wo are, and ao full of faults, and imper* - factions, and frailties, and sins of our own. It is a portions thing, and, aa I think, a most un-Chriatiaa. ?,'??'> thing, to pronounce with confidence upon the spiri tual oondition of our brethren, unless the facts of tha oise atc written in snob broad, staring, unmistakable characters that he who runs may road them. Buir,' although I have no wish to depreciate external ob* aerranao, and certainly haTe no wish to encourage the habit of diaoneaing the regeneracy or tbs unregeueraoy of our neighbours, I am anxious thai we should rightly understand the consequences of rc« gardiner an outward obedience* no tho foundation of our hope, in matters of religion. There oan.be no« thing of graver importance than to make no mistake aa to what will aeoure for us coooptanoo in Heaven. We hare, all of ns, sooner or later, to stand in th« preaonoo of a heart-aearohing God ; and the question of all questions is, whether the plea wbioh wo Bhall then have to urge for ourselvea will bo such aa ahalî. be considered valid in the Courts of the upper a»no« tnary. With ouch thonghtu in mymind, andin the kopo of clearing away soma of tho widely prevailing misap prehensions on this particular r.ubjeat, 1 have selected the brief toxt jnat road in your hearing. And let me ask your earnest attention whilst I endeavour, God - helping mo, to oonsider it with you-to consider it, , not in the isolated form in wbioh I have just presented it, bat in oonncotion with the important passage of whian it forms an important part. Now, Homo few monfehB after tho omciflxion of Joana of Nazareth, ihera entered upon the scone-in Jerusalem a young man, who attracted to himself" a very considerable amount of notice, both from th« Jewish and from tho Christian Church, At the tim« when that wonderful ministry of Christ was going on« and tho whole land was ringing iwith tho name ol tho prophet of Galilee ; and at the time when the mysterious trancaotion cf Calvary took place, and th« same nation, weary of tho vision of goodness and, purity, WS3 driving tbo prophet, with oaths and \ execrations, up to tho daath of the «ross, thia young roan (it appears) was praying and meditating, and fasting m hin own home, in the Cilioian , Tarsus. Rumours of some strange religious movements in Jerusalem, and in Galileo, most probably reached him in his seclusion, but it waa not until some time aftor, when circumstances led him to tho spot, that he clearly understood what had bean ~. done, and that he was impelled by his earnest zeal for God's truth and God's cause, to take a prominent part in tho ecclesiastical affairs of tho day. It ia. about this young man-(his name, as you know, vrai Saul)-that I wißh te apeak for a moment or two by w&y; of introduction to my subject. But I shall do na moro than just gather inferenoos from what he tells na concerning himself. Wo put anido the foot that ha was ondowad with vast intellectual power, and that his attainments wore of tho highoat order. Ii was true that he had been educated in tho ? , University of Tarsus, and afterwards brought under the influence of Gamaliel, thc most famous teacher of the time, BO that he united the dop th cf tba Jewinft theology to the breadth and rsfinoment of tho Gentile culture. It is true, also, that ha was in overy way adapted to be a loador of thought^ a king in tho realm of mind. But we put aside thess things ; for, important aa they are in themselves, they are, after all, mero accidental oiroumatanoea. Wa turn at once to examine the religion of Saul of Tarsus. He was, then, to begin with, one of the an cient pooplo- emphatically one of those who had boen taken into «ovnnant with God. His spiritual pedi- V° greo waa stainless. The bluest blood of the ohosen psoplo flowed in his reina. He waa 14 of the stoekof Ifirûel, of the tribe of Benjamin, an Hebrew of tha Hebrews." Nor did ho descend from careless and ungodly parents. " Circumcised the eighth day." In his cago evory ordinance of the Moaaio law had beon moat stiietly and rigourously oom plied with, And whan, from these mattera of outward concernment wo pass on to tho inner life of the man, we find young Saul, ourroundod as ho waa by all tho temptations whian attach to youth and aßl nonce, maintaining a oonanionoe void of offence^ and keeping himself uncontaminated and unspottod bj- the world. It is no uncommon thing, brethren, nor it waa no unoommon thing then, to hoar of a carear of sensual excess auooGoded by a deep nud onthnsiaatio dorotion to tho service of God. Such, however, was not tho experience of 8aul ; tor from Ina earliest years his «onduot was puro ; from his earliest years he fulfilled with on entire and perfeot blamelessness the obligations of his doraestio v .and social position* ' V' But thora in ranch more to bo said about bim than this. San! was a man of intonso religion's earnestness. Ho united to his moral purity, to Ilia diligent per formance of all relative duties, ft zeal for God, or, at leant, a longing, a thirst, for tho rewards of oternal life. And tho comsequonoo was, aa ho tolls ns himself, that " tonohinï tho righteousncefl that waa in tho Ii»W, ho waa blameless." What does that mâîuii Why, it maana that ho observed witn eiaotosfc punc tnality tho fanta and feativala of lúa Church. Thai ho omitted no prayers. That ho allowed himself nc indulgence. That he spared no trouble, no ospenno, to pains; thp,t he shrank from no not of solf-denial and calf-sacrifice whero tho canna of religion wat concerned. To hia earnest noni xeligion seemed tc be either everything or nothing. It waa either thc iorriest bf faToea, or elso it waa a matter demanding tth.Q oqntreoration of hia entire being 5 tho putting Íortb. ot -¿very energy and. eyery power with whioh ¡tód. had ondowed him. ? /Suoh waa Saul of Tarsus. Tiioportrait is drawn bj himself. And now lat nie »pk you a question. Il .you wera tb meet -with ¿ maa amongst youi ueaualntanoe who resfmblcd Saul of Tarsus-even approximately--wo aid y ort not consider Buoh an-oie sa standing high in tho favour, ol God. aha aa sure of the Towards of the Kingdom 01 Heaven j1 Born of Christian parants; baptised inte «he Ohtifeilan Church; confirmed ; a communicant, land & regalar one ; the early lifo pure ; the advano 'fnff manhood earnest «.nd dofout; no relative duts ¿egleotedj tho Scriptures read; prayer Eystomati. cally off ered ; alms ¿otrwithheld ; the house of God noter'forsaken-here th'ero would bo soma oorres Aon'dénce with tho lifo of tho young Jew of whom we .oÄy-e boen speaking. -And -what would be jour ver ,flíot about auch a. mau, brethren P " £ure ol .Hoavónl" you would cry, " SUTO of Heaven J If that nian dies, tho gatas of the Now Jaraealom wilJ b£ Vohrso swing back«n their hinges, und tho white . »obed, star-órówned multitudo will orowd forth with VeloómiuK banda And Yoioea of loud aoolaita, to welcome him within tho walls of the Golden City." " . Well, now wo will go back to Saul, There oame a fimo when the young Bhariseo beean to feel himself . to bo spiritually inseoure. Hitherto he had restes ¿pon .bia own doings, and thought himself safe ; ny, ,'«.n& be won^d have beon cafe, if safety oould bo found in tho position which bo bad takenup; for, as he ?ays himself, If «ny other mau thinkoth ha hath «.hereof he might trust in tho flesh, I more/' But 'noi? "his feeling "was altered. He began to distrust his old dopondoncioB ; and tho more ho csamined the matter, tho more bia distrust increased. A new .light seemed to break in upon him-a light which ho Uelleved to have como from God. And at last he '^ñSyed at the conclusion that ho had all along boon '^lí'íne wrong, and that ho must ro-model Hia life án'd Ibogin aVech-'begin from tho very beginning. In tho wrone ] " jrou say, "Is il; wrong for a man to live righteously and purely P Ia ix, wrong for a man to fast, and pray, and give aime to the poor? ? Is it wrong for a man to be in earnest about working out his own salvation, and about makiag hi3 way into tho gloríe» of tho etornal Jíin¡»dóm ? " No, brethren, tnt yon do not touch tho question. The wrong iHeBBj tho mistake, lies not in the things themselves, 'hmtin regaTdinK the things, as Saul regarded thom, as a ground of acceptance with Godî in virtually making up your mind to Bay, when you stand before \ the searching soiufciny of tho judgment-seat-''This IB my lifo 1 these are my actions 1 hore aro my morita J Receive mo on acoount of them." And BO Saul be#an-sadly, no doubt, but with all tho Qeoiaive energy and earnestness of his oharaoter-to destroy what ho had been a't suoh infinite pains to {onstruct. For years past he had been accumulating reasuro-a3 ho thought it,-by whiah ho might pur <*haso tho favour ¿rad the presenoe of God. He had leaped together prayers without number-long £ravers, earnest prayers. Hie fa3tings, his austerities, is careful religious observances, wore moro than could bo counted; ho had aboundod in alms giving. In faet, it was a grand pile of good deeds end outward observances that ¡ho had managod to cather together. And mon ihenght- and Saul himself thought-that such a jpan as he could never be refused adniinsion into tho glories of the eternal kins dom. Bat when ibo light from on high broke iu upon him, he Baw hôw -Belf-deoeived he had boon ; be saw th» utter 1worthlesono93 of all the confidences wherein ho had xrusfced. Thc good deeds had boen good enough if they had been tho expression^ tho manifestation, of yAlHvine life within him. Aa afc was-there being ne ,h$0 within .him, nor rory true connection with th« Íóttntnin of lifo-the eo-oalléd gooé. deeds were Just a plendid deooption.^ just a specious hindrance to hia Spiritual ?well-being ; just a fair-looking barrier buift «ap JbjBtween himself and God ; just a destruction to {lug soul, disguising itself in tho form of acosptable ¿Borrico; Boeing this, Saul turned fron the whole thing at once. It waa wortfalese ia his iiyeBi-worse than wcrthJess. There wa« Christ on Tino one cido ; there was hi« laborious, earn eat, eelf {denying lifo on th« «thor. He could not haró both .together as ohjeots of dependence and trust» He must make his election, between them-ono or tho , other; noli or Christi your own works «ntirely or Christ entiraly j which ahall it toe' And his choice was soon made. Jlsnounoincr the past, ho aoocpted at once an «ntirely new spiritual position. Ha felt 4ihat he should cain everything by doixtsr ED. Hoar jwkat bio Bays himself about himself-" What thinga ,7wero gain to me, those I counted lotta fox Christ. Sea, doubtless, and I count all tilinga but lass for 2bhe cxoellenoy of lite imowisdge of Christ Jetpcra jay zLord, for whom I' have tuff ore d tho losa of eil gunga ; and do oount them but danjj, thaA I may Jpia Christi and ba found in Hhs-»crt haying minó own .righteourmB&s;, nrhioh ïa' oî tho law, but that Jwhioh Is through tho faith of Christ, the aáchtoons *0SB.which is of God by faith<M -it häve. dwelt »/t somo length upon thia portion of j|iur subject, because I thought that no argument fljjould have half the idroo of the example of such a ¿man an the apostle Eátífc rhoBaturalinferenoofrois ftho jBubjeot, for UEI, would be flomethi&'g of thia Windit-If Saul,-a .mah TvifU whorse lifo mina will £iot bepr a momîînï'aoamBivsàsau, a meav teforo whoso ,desp religitxaa ea-rmrotnaBB mino pab»a and dwindles lato utter misrg^niiaEBae i ii man of striates!; purity .XromluB y outh up-cam» to feel that there wara noth |4g'i» »ll thisemwhishho could Toly for a«ceptanee ^ith God, ayffa cairne to foal that wHlst ho-waa ruly ,ang,upon it ho -was really holding uloof from Got), itpyr ought it to bo withmo P Wlia't hayo I to trust /inywhen Saul found nothing to trnet in? And would »|t not ho wine for me io turn my baak, asl ho did, upon fill Hölf-Oonüdenoos, avü to floe for TctKgo to tho only iïhppe of salvation Bßfc t oforoin JPBUS Claùat f .ÀJid now I pa3ß on to drawrajiidly a few oonolu aion.ü from tho nnbjecfc which wo havo been oonaider ine'lo^othor. S1irst thia, that th a jrreJit object of tho Ohrjcfcian, tho Rieafc end aad aim of tho Christian lifo, la to know Jenna Christ. Obaorvo tho dift'eronoe, .brethren, between "knowing"- a person, and 1-Mmowlng aban!," a person. If I wrre to tell yon jphat I know tho Quean, jon would understand mo to xnoas that I had .a personal aonuriinlance, to eomo tont j with our graoiono Sovoiei^n, r.nd that thor was, to ft greater or lesa degree, communication between na-such, at least, as can exist between a monarch and a anbjcei. But if I were to tell you that I "know about" tho Queen, you would understand that I meant something quito different. Whereas, in tho. former inatanoo you would feel that I was announcing a fact which excited surprise, and was totally unexpected, in tho latter caso you would say, "Oh yes, of conreo, every body 1 knowB about' tho Quoon." Apply this thought to opiritnal thing'3. It is.ono thing to know about Jesus Christ, it ia another thing to know Him. Everybody hore "knows about Jesus Christ. Moat of you could give au outline of His history, oould repeat some of His Ea?inga, could describe como of His miraoleB, oould enlarge upon some of His titles, hst should I be justified in assuming that every one hero knows Jesus Christ, knows Him with a personal knowledge and ncqnaintanoo, knows what it is to have ßpiriiuol communication with Him, known what it ia to understand Him, and to sympathise with Him, avon aa a man understands and sympa thises "with a personal human friend. And it was this knowledge that the apostle asked for, and it is this that every Christian heart desiree-to know the personal Jeana Christ with some decrree of inti macy, and to advance and grow in th*t knowledge, day by day, under tho promised teaching and direc tion of God the Holy Ghost. That is tho first thought whioh I oak to commend to your consideration. Tho second ia thia. This personal acquaintance with Jeans Chriat becomes an impossibility so long aa oar dependence for salvation is upon external obsorvanoo. St. Paul found it to be EO. Whilst he was trusting to ceremonies, and to what he oon siderod to be good works, for salvation, thero wac s, barrier erected between his soul and God. Ho had no fellowship with God. Ho waa a stranaer to God. And it wan not until tho barrier waa thrown down, it waa not until the last obstaolo of Bolf-truat and self-dependence waa removed, that he came to ¿now *' tho only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom ho had sent." Brethren, draw the inference I It ia possible enough that there aro some amongst ns who nay in thoir hearts, " Well, I snpposo that which tho preacher tells us is all right, but he has certainly got into a region into whioh I oannot follow him, I believe that there ia such a porson aa Jesus Christ. Of oourse, were it not so I Bhould not bo here thia morning. And I hare a profound xospoot for Jesus Chriiit too. Ila one can say anything to tho contrary. More than thia, I believe I shall havo ono day-(I hope it may bo a very distant day)-to stand before tho judgment seat of thia same Jesus Christ, and give account to Him of the lifo which I havo liTed upon earth. But when it oomos to realising Christ, to ' knowing ' Christ with personal knowledge, and not merely ' knowing about ' Him, when it cornea to holding communica tion with Him, DO that I feel His presenco, aa I am euro Ho must feel mine-well, I must confess that here I am altogether out of my e'epth. I have no such experience. In this Bens« I oortainly do not know Joana Christ." Aro tharo any amongst us who would say thia if they wei o to speak ont the thoughts o£ their heart ? Probably there aro ; and if so, I ask them carneetly to consider whether tho hindrance to thoir possession of this personal acquaintance with the Saviour may not lie in tho fact that they aro not trusting entirely and exclu sively to Christ for salvation, but are placing their dependence in some chap« or other upon external ceremonies, and the doings of self. It waa eo, as we havo hoard, with Saul of Tarana, a botter and a nobler man by far than any one here. And it may bo so with un ís ow, I leave a question with you whioh I truat you ?will endeavour to answer "honestly to yourselves ; nay, whioh 1 trust you and I may endeavour to anawcrhonestly to oureolvos, and it is this-"whioh of tho two things have I got ? Have I got what Saul of Tarana had at firnt, or what he had aftorwardc ?" 