Amusements. Opera HoTtbb. — As we predioted, the Opera House was packed again on Saturday evening to hear the Montague-TorneriConpany in 'Lucrezia Borgis,.' Before the hoar ef commencing every seat was filled, and many were sabiequently turned awav. The Drodnotion was an nnennivooal sncseBB despite one or two drawbacks, hi the first place Mr. Turner was Buffering: from a slight hoarseness, whioh, however, only manifested itself rarely. Then the orchestra, good as it undoubtedly is, was weak in nuaber fer such a work as ' .Lucrezia.,' and the stage of the Opera House is of coone not capacious enough fer the requirements of apeotaoalar effect. And yat probably not one ouae away on Satnrday night with any desire to ' carp orortioise.' The ehernBes were so well rendered, the acting as a rule sb creditable, the Bcenic eSeeta so well managed, and above alt the prima donna in ?wsh good voice, that the plaudits were enenred. Miss Montague has rarely been in better voice, and had the most sympathetic* of audiences. From the first'soft murmnriar melodv over her slesttin? eon to the paBEionate despairing wail over his cotec she was evenly exoellent, and her gestures ably illustrated Jter diff went moods of love, supplication, defiance, revenge, penitenoe, and remorse. Miss Lambert, as Mafteo Orani, wbb, of conrse, quite at home, and ifave am excellent rendering1 ef Genn&ro;'B haplesa rollicking comrade. For the brindiei in the lastaet she reoaived a resistless encore. Mr. JJailey sang the Doke's mnsio well, and looked the character to the life. In one of the in tervals between the aofcs Mr. ~Le Coutear, the basinesa manager for Mr. Turner, cams before the act drop, and after retnrmnp thanks for the patron age of the weak then ended, announced amid applause tkatthe company would remain another week. Last night the house, though, not quite equal to Saturday's, was an excellent one, asd there is no Kkelihoo* of muob slaQkening now that the general public ara beginning to realise the fact that the opera is heinp played in Enslish. Gatett Tbjeatee. — The sensational drama 'Bol- paegor wm -ue piece eeieoxea oy tne mane^eiseni; for preBsntation on Saturday night. The hones wsb a full one, and thoroughly appreciative. Tho sorrows of the mountebank and lna noble»born wife have lost none of their hold on tke publio mind, and when we say that the exponents of the two parts entirely sae oeeded in touching the tender sensibilities of the audience, it is in itself no mean compliment to tb6ir hietrionio abilities. Mr. Dampier's acting waa a fine, manly exposition of a most difficult part. The scene in whieb the gay .sbawl he has purchased, with what shenld have procured him some muoh needed artioles of raiment, is spread oat on some chairs, and upon the shawl some toys for the younger and eiokly child, and in whioh the subsequent discovery ia made that hia'wife and their infant are gone, was hia best effort. He was most ably supported by Littla Eoee, who was cast as Henri. He was also very sneoeseful in the scene where he is the fentt of the vapid inanities of tfao Marquis D'Arpignol and his friends. Little Eose ?would be a praiseworthy little artiste if it were only on account of her avoiding, what may be termed, the goody-goody twang and drawl eo common amongst juvenile performers. Miss Adere, aa Madeline, created a very favourable impression. Her rendering of the part wab, in the tender passagee, most effec tive, and her conception of it altogether a moat intelligent ono. Of the other characters Mies Maggie Ford, as Catherine, acted naturally ; and Messrs. Bainford, Vane, and Stewart were above-mediocrity in their respective parts. Last night 'Mother-in- Law' was reproduced with '? Who's to Wia Him,' a bright little comedietta as an afterpiece. Qttirn's Theatee. — The popularity of Cm Ould Erin, with certain seoiions of t&e; community, shows no eignB ot diminution, and on Saturday night and last night there were exesllent houses. All the fun of the piece was brought out by those to whom the duty was en trusted, and in the more serious portions of thie comprehensive production the different performers were able to do fair justice to their author. A change has keen made in the oast hy the substitution of Mr. Bnrford for Mr. Newton Griffiths, and as far as oau be indeed fat present tho habituex of the Qceen's have no eaupe to regret the transference of tbe latter to tbe Royal. It is announced by aarer tieement that this is the iast week of Mr. Walter Boynolds' engagement, and on Friday, when he appears for the last time, he will take a farewell benefit, appearing in ''Con, the Sfaauekrauc,' a onaraocer -ie osb ueen very suooesstui in eisewnero. Victobia Hall.— There was a good honee at tbe Yiotocia Hall last night to see D'Arcy Eead'a wonderful pbantoms and their doings. The enter tainment is divided into three parts. In the first, & young hnisjbt watching hia armour is tempted by wine, rioacs,-and women, but withstands all.- In tha next, three ekriaty BiastTels are pestered by three jelly phantoms, iwho from time to time usurp their seats and , instruments, and carry on high jinks, singing the choruses bj ike way quite ae well as the Ethiopian flesh and blood. Then comes the ran and mystery of the Haunted House, in which a variety of h«man beings, ghosts, and hobgoblins appear, all mysteriously ana all when least expected. The emtertfuanient will be repeated for only five nigkta more.'- . : Picnic— Tbe fourth annual pienio of the employees of Jdeears. Walter Akhnrct (Troedel and Co.) took plaoe oa Saturday last, at Fern Bay. The ntcamer Panamatta. at 9.30 a.m., convened the employees and their friends to the number of 90, safely to their destination. Sports, f'orwM«h prises were offered, erlskel, ,aancu»ic, and 'other amusements, were in dulged in without 'intermission, save for kmoheon, up to 2 o'clock, when an eiesJeiit dinner was served up by the Compagnoni Catering Company, and to whioh ample justice waa dome. Mr. Akhui et occupied the chair. After the loyal toasts had been proposed and dnly honoured, Mr. Ooliey ( lithographic department) proposed 'Bnooew to 1v alter Akbcret aftd Co.' The toast was enthusiastically received, and suitably respOKOed to by Mr. Akimrst, who, in ,turn, oalled oft the gnestc to toast tbe employeos. MfR«rH. Rrafin Oo!i«T 'Nnalo. «.nri PTni! raunnniiul for their respeative departmentfi. Sir. Brace pro posed' Oar (rusBts,' anc Mr. Crampton i Nicnoiaon and Co.) responded. The toacta ef ' The Laoiea' and ' The Press' were also proposed and responded to. - Dauofng and other «port» wete tsen rMumod. After Mrs. Akhttrst bad prMeated tbe prices to the snoeessfnl ootu-t-etitors, tne steamer teas li^siu in re quiaition, and safely bore her freight back to King street. No accident of any kind occurred to m&r; a mo*t enjoyable day. We learn by wire from Graf ton th at the ' Pirates of Penzanoe' waa played there iast night by South' b company. The theatre waa orewded, and nanbera wert refnied adnufciioa. Some even ewno 80 miles to wifaacM tfae perforaiappe. THE CHINESE OPERA TROUPE — We have no desite to apply those canons of criticism which are applicable to concerts given by .European artists to the concerts now being given by the Chinese Opera Trouee in the School of Art*. The playbills issued by the troupe assure us that the performances of the troupe are not intended to be artistic, and no person who had listened for a few moments to the overture could possibly doubt the truth ot that assertion. The performance, we were told, was intended to be an instructive illustration of the music which is performed in the theatre of the Chinese empire. And no doubt the music performed was a fair sample of Chinese music generally, and that being the case we are warranted in judging of the whole from the aample we have heard. We have no hesitation in saying that the mueio of China is semi-barbarous, and consists exclusively of squeak- ing, screaming, and noise. The melodies, such as they are, lack form, their rhythm is defective, and the harmonies given to them are all out of joint. The vocalists sang with a sort of falsetto tone, ap proaching a very high tenor, bnt their voices were drowned by the noisy ear-splitting percussion accompaniments. The orchestra comprised a pipe, a Chinese fiddle, two banjos, a rather soft and pleasant sort of flute, two instru- ments which may be regarded as the Chinese ana- logues of our great and side drums, cymbals, and a gong. Tbe percussion instruments were used con amore, and certainly produced a very strong effect upon the ear. Tha pipe and the fiddle indicate the low condition of the music of China. The pipe is an ear-splitting instrument, the tone of which is a hybrid compound of the tone of a cracked clarionet and that of the chanter of a Scotch highland bagpipe. To a cul- tivated European musical ear it is abominable. We scarcely know how to describe the fiddle. If, however, we are unable to say what it is like, we are certainly able to say what it is not like. It is not like a Straduarius or. Guanerius violin : it is not even a copy of any of the great masters ; it is not even so good as Tyrolese fiddles at 4s 6d a dozen ; but it is an instrument which produces a loud, thin, wiry, acid squeak, that sets, the teeth on edge, and compels the listener to relieve hie excited feelings by giving way to uncontrollable laughter. A duet was performed between the pipe and the fiddle, and it was delicious. The tremolo on the fiddle was specially grand and imposing. The only part of the performance which bore any resem- blance to our music was a very fair rendition of 'Grandfather's Clock' on the banjo, and this of course to European ears was the gem of the evening. The music in many respects, bore a striking resem- blance to the music performed at those compli- mentary nightly concerts which are sometimes given in honour of newly married people. Considering that the performance was designed to show the kind of entertainments which are popular in China, we advise our reader to go and hear for themselves, for by attending the performances of the troupe they are sure to be instructed and amused, and moreover will have a chance of obtaining some valuable gifts. The gifts are given away at the close of the concert. 