JUL GOSSELIN'S THEORY. BY PETWETEE. [The best method of disputing, never heed your opponent's argument —How the impossible was easily done—Pope Agapitus! and the Emperor Justinian—Pdpe Vigilius and "the game—The Protestant proof of the Papal Supremacy usurpation— Excommunication—M. Gosselin's Pouvoir du Pape dans les Moyem ages —This theory tod 'the infallibility.] IT will, perhaps, have been noticed by come esteemed reader with what dogged persistence Mr. John Davis, formerly of Bristol, clung on to his impossible theory of ""Usurpation" as the true origin of the Papal Supremacy. This supremacy was acknowledged, established, and in operation for several ages before the Pope had either material or military power at his command which could enforce or uphold a claim of supremacy over the temporal princes of Europe. The idea of the Pope's supremacy must therefore have arisen in some other source. What was that source? Undeniably it was the universal doctrine of Christianity wherever preached over the •whole world, and had become the prevailing public opinion in the Christian Church, both of people, priests, and princes. It sprang up voluntarily, spontaneously, without controversy, without dispute, without any help from any force, except the force of apostolic teaching, and was accepted ubigue et ab omnibus. Every Christian knew that it was Christ's appointment, and hence the kings aud princes who heard and believed the Gospel were as ready to acknowledge it as to acknowledge the Church itself, or the Lord's Prayer. This •explains the origin and the -exercise of the Papal supremacy, and nothing else can. It was the same feeling which actuated the princes in recognising the supremacy of the Pope as that which influenced go many of •-the first converts in selling their houses and lands, and laying the price of the sale at the Apostles* feet. Peter, the chief of the Apostles, did not refuse their money, nor did lie forbid them to sell their property. St. Paul indignantly asked the first Christians at Corinth howthey," dareto " take any law-suit -or quarrel among themselves before the judges :»nd courts of justice at Corinth while they had a tribunal of their own to hear and to -decide them in the Church. Christ commanded all Christians to refer whatever misunderstandings might arise among them to the Church, and abide by the Church's -award, under puin of excommunication. Christ made no exception in favour of kings, lit commanded them, equally with all others, to bring their personal and official provocations and strifes before the Church. Here we have the appellate jurisdiction of the •Church distinstly set forth—1st, in the command of Christ; 2nd, in the case of Ananias -•and Sapphira, when St. P<;ter judged and sentenced ; 3rd, in tbe solemn injunction of .'St. Paul to the Christians at Corinth. 'The whole Christian Church, frofti the first jear of its birth, knew that such a supremacy •as that taught and practised by SS Peter and Paul was an inherent aud an abiding prerogative of the Church, and that the exercise <of it was vested in the Pope, that is, the Bishop of Rome. Hut no clearness of elucidation, no historic argument, had any weight with Mr. John Davis. He would not Buffer •-elucidation or argument to enter his mind. He wouldn't see any command in Christ's words, " Hear the Church." He wouldn't listen to St. Paul's rebuke to tbe Christians at Corinth—" How dare any of you go to law before the courts of Corinth," instead of your own bishop. Mr. Davis couldn't deny that the bit hops of Rome, and -"no other bishops, wielded a supremacy over ^princes 1200 years ago, or 1500 years ago, when these bishops had no other means of •asserting that supremacy except the universal belief of the Church, or what -may be •called " public Christian opinion." Yet he •could discover nothing in it but " usurpation"—usurpation at g, time when usurpation was as impossible as to climb up to the moon. The Popes in the first 600 years of the Christian era could as much '' u^urp'' the authority they held as they could lift themselves up in their own arms, and so carry themselves across the Alp's. • Mr. John Davis -«%uld see nothing impossible on the part of • the Pope, -who lived at Rome, in bringtngto his feet Hun, Lombard, Dacian, Gallic, Batavian, Borussian, SarmatiBn, Iberian, Parthian, and Tartar princes, whoiiated old pagan Rome 'for her long sovereignty over : ikem. These princes, now "in their turn, were sovereign over that ol£ Rome. Hdlf «avage, rtithless, haughty conquerors, who Lad beaten down their hated f be; how were they jail to be jjathrtfed from the four winds ofheaven afad brought 'to accept a second •sovereignty -over- them from'a vanquie/h&L; fallen foe, One who <okUed himself Vicar bf Christ, and without one quaternion of soldiers to support him, yet calBng on them: one and all, to come and kneel attos footstool and confess him to be supreme -over them and their people, and hold his prayer- Jbookor -lis stirrup. Nothing impossible in this { How could the Popes ^ver -conceive the projeot unless by the inspiration or -worn of ' Cod V How could • the Ihoaght enter their leads except through the eommandof Christ, Go ye into all ' nations and teach them." • What other magic had the Popes to work withf What irresistible inoontation could they chant to oall down the •eagles, and the vultures, andthe sea birds, all out of the air, and cage them inthe Vatioan ? The very thought of! usurpation 'is a monstrosity! !- -and yet' it is the fixed belief of Mr. John Davis, ah unbaptiwjd Quaker, representing' -the wtote Protestant world. Tbe thing/was 1 forever impossible, yet the impossible was! •done. Bttthowif Cheery easily. But how, how: let as hear how ?. Why, thus: The Popes btint a few "holylbones," a dead saint's tooth, a martyr's hip joint, rolled tip inali old fcoWel, to the kings and queens, and fierce warriors, end the "holy bones" diditl So Protestant story books say. The impossible was effected by the scrape of a pen, or by a bit of a sltull sent as a papal present to a faroff sovereign who had an ariny of 150,000 men. Here, take this .jaw-bone of a pious monk to Furiosissimur, king of the Goths and Vandals, and say to him that I, Pope Feebleforcibussimo, command hin> to come to me at Rome, and lay the golden hoop he wears round his helmet at my footstool, as I wish to bestow it on another chief, and show him the holy monk's skull, and inform him it is an equivalent for surrending his rights to me. Off now to him. Fly, hop, skip, flisk. Such is the message Pope Feebleforciblus sends to a self-willed, half- civilized pagan prince, and on receiving it the despotic monarch turns pale, begs the Pope's parding, and swears himself in as the Bishop of Rome's vassal for life. The Pope wags his finger, and the impossibility is done. The Holy Father remits a handful of "holy bones," and distant monarchs tremble, and the Papal supremacy becomes un fait accompli over all Europe ! Talk of Lourdes miracles, indeed: the Protestant theory of that supremacy is the miracle of all miracles, for it makes the mouse bring forth a mountain of the most amazing size. The Rev. Mr. Rubric now remarked: "M. Gosselin, whose book, Lc Pouvoir du Pipe dans les Moyens ages, I showed to Mr. Davis yesterday, has a theory which does not tally with yours, Mr. Rover." Mr. Rover : " M. Gosselin has written a very interesting book on the subject, no doubt; but if his theory doeB not tally with mine, will you take upon you the responsibility of asserting that it contradicts mine?" Rev. Mr. Rubric: "I shall not assume such a responsibility: M. Gosselin's theory directly contradicts you, Mr. Davis, but I do not remember that he rests the Papal supremacy on the high basis of divine right." Mr. Davis: " What isM. Gosselin's theory?'' Mr. Rubric: "Gosselin solves the Papal supremacy knot by saying that tbe supremacy originated in the consent of the European sovereigns, which consent was given in accordance with the prevailing sentiment of those ages in which the supremacy was acknowledged; in short, that the Papal supremacy of the middle ages was grounded on popular opinion. Our Anglican writer, Dr. Isaac Barrow, admits a primacy of order in the Bishop of Rome, but is very strong against the supremacy.'''' Mr. Davis: " I do not know the works of either Gosselin or of Barrow; but I go on the broad common sense view of the case." Mr. Rover (to Mr. Rubric): " Let us not get into any cloud of words. If M. Gosselin holds that the Papal supremacy was based on the consent of all sovereigns agreeing to take the Pope for their feudal head and common arbiter, and that the kings were sustained in doing so by the prevailing sentiment of their subjects, that is, by popular opinion, I should very much like to know how such a prevailing sentiment or public opinion first began, and how it, spread, and how the European sovereigns of the times were operated upon by it, and,paid such deference to the sentiment of their subjects, as to agree mutually, and without any exterior compulsion, to forego their own individual liberty of action, and engage to be bound by the Pope's judgments when appealed to. When and how was all this concession made and ceded?" Mr. Rubric: " It is very hard to fix the date, nor have we any full and formal record of the circumstances and the motives by which the sovereigns were impelled in making the concession. We cannot say with what Pope the bargain was made, though traces of a supremacy of some sort peep out upon us long before Christmas Day of A.D. 800, when Leo III. crowned the great Frank King Charlemagne, Emperor of the West, or the revived Latin Roman Empire, known to us from A.D. 800 to 1804, when Napoleon I. broke it up by compelling the E&peror; of Germany to call himself Emperor of Austria, as he is now styled. This was the so-called ' Holy or Christian Roman Empire,'' "and it must be admitted that the kings or princes who elected their emperor—the electors, as they were called— were all federated together, in one empire, in which 'the Pope was regarded as fedpal chief, iid, Undoubtedly, exercised a supremacy among the kings which no other bishop or ^tnarc^. ever clumed or exercised. Bat this new. Roman Latin Empire dates from dhristma^ Day i.b. 800. Jtky m ^t/Jafce that year as the birthyeiir of the mediaeval Papal supremacy Mr. Rover: " I do not dictate to you; you may take that date if you will. But, then, first and before all, if you accept M. Gosselin's theory that the kings of Europe, ' 'of their own free will and mere motion, conceded a supremacy to the Pope, then the theory, of Mr. Davis, which is the vnlgar P/oteatant. theory, is smashed up, broken to fragments^. and swejpt away for ever, or remains WyaS a ; frenzy of the lunatic aeyluins. If all takings, of Europe freely gave up tothe Pop'p, and . recdgni&d; in him a federal' htebd; "to "*rhom ; tbey wete bound, under severe penalties, to, pay liomage and' tribute, theniherp.yaa no such thing as ^nanroatdpn' in the caifej and the authority exenosed by tbe Pope over all -J European longs jot the ages of faith was a • legal authority, *" rightful power; andMr. Davis is out of court, he has no plea,' rno' standing, and, unhappily, sinks to the ponton of a scold and oracle of tlie gutter population." Mr. Davit: "Well, I am J consoled by the tnaltitude of my sympathisers. I h$ve the overwhelming majority of the Protestant world tin Bay side:" Mr. Rover : " But M. Gosselin, with his walking staff, drives the ;'Whole multitude out of •the -field—for .you hav» no history to stand on, and the facte against you aire firmest of rocks. Pope •AgajJitus I., A.D. 635-36, resisted life Emperor Jnitinian when Ins majesty defemded Anthymus, Bishop of Constantinople; and, the emperor knelt before the courageous and: faithf ul Pontiff to apologise when he found hB, was in the wrong. This was 270 years before ! Charlemagne and Pope Leo III. How do you explain this fact, which occurred at Constantinople where the Emperor resided, and the Pope h&d; gone there to investigate the matter ? Had the kings of Europe agreed in 636 to acknowledgethe Papal supremacy ?" Mr. Rubric : " We are really stumbling on' traceB of a supremacy very early j but this was a case in which the Eastern or Greek Emperor himself was concerned. I think Pope Agapitus would hardly have gene from Rome to Constantinople to assert an unrecognised^ or unlawful authority in the emperor's * presence; Justinian had only to speak one word, and Agapitus would have been imprisoned or exiled." Mr. Rover : " What I beg Mr. Davis to note, is that Pope Agapitus, with only his secretary and attendants, perhaps a dozen in all, asserted the Papal supremacy at Constantinople 1350 years ago in the face of Justinian, an orthodox Catholic emperor, who was perfectly intimate with ecclesiastical usage and with the law of the Church. Justinian never for a moment questioned the Pope's right, though at first he threatened to transport the Holy Father for exercising it. If Agapitus had 'usurped' an authority new to the Church or to the Emperor, he would have been instantly taxed with the usurpation. But no one taxed him with usurping powers not vested in the Roman See and bishop. Therefore, there was no usurpation in the case, and the Papal supremacy was acknowledged by Justinian's action to be a prerogative inherent in the Papal office. Three years later Pope Vigilius wrote to the emperor flatly refusing to take off the excommunication Pope Agapitus had pronounced against Anthymus, Bishop of Constantinople, who was a Eutychian. Subsequently, when driven by the emperor to take sanctuary refuge in a church, the Holy Father exclaimed: ' We declare to you (the emperor) that though you hold us captive, you do not hold . St. Peter,' plainly showing what the belief of East and West was concerning the special prerogatives of Peter and his successors." Mr. Davis ; " That whole t-ystem of what you call ' excommunication' seems to me one of the most repulsive features in the Papal supremacy. It is hirah, cruel, and inhuman, and seems to agree very badly with the mild and gentle spirit of the Gospel, which called on all men •to love one another as brethren. There was no charity in it, and, as I have read, was only too often an arbitrary infliction to gratify priestly revenge, or, at least, vindictiveness." Mr. Rover: " Then you don't believe that any society has a right to expel disreputable or unruly disturbers of its peace and bring disgrace upon its institutions. Civil society must not protect itself from thieves and robbers or seditious agitators. Is that your doctrine?" Mr. Davis: "But why should a Pope have power to excommunicate an emperor or king? This kind of penalty destroys society altogether ; it throws everything into confusion, and breaks up the civil order of which the king is the head." Mr. Rover : " What is transportation but civil excommunication, by which the highwayman or burglar is cast out of the country he would prey upon, and whose industrious inhabitants he threatens and invades with murderous intentions ? The wellbeing of society demands that the idle, unprincipled rogue should be cast out of it— sent away into banishment. The Church, as a society, has a right to chastise or cast out those who openly and scandalously violate her rules, or who would subvert her constitution. St. Paul orjered a notorious sinner to be excommunicated, or, .as the Apostle himself expresses it, * to be delivered over to Satan'—thrown out of the Church as a weed is pulled up and thrown out of a garden. One sickly sheep infects a flock, and your favourite, common sense, demands the condemnation "and exclusion of those who bring discredit on any society. Christ ordained the sentence of excommuhica.tion for the Church. Do you find fault with Christ's ordinance?' Mr. Rubric: "Mr. Davis belongs to a denomination which is famed for its amiable dealing with refractory members; but the Church ot England acknowledges excommunication, though as a last resource." Mr. Rover: " The Catholic Church, acting by its sovereign Pontiff, has ever reservbd the sentence of excommunication until all minor or other means have failed. And ieven wben the sentence has beeh parsed thdre is -always a door of rspenttmce feilft open, aixd the delinquent may rbtuin oh proof .of: repentance', -&n;£f&s; fcestored to'sll the - Ohufr>h'« privilege? -<u before. 3&e; object jof.' 'excommunication iBtto '-health' of the-sooiety and the reform:of the 'offenderit" Mr.. HUBF-IO: "BUT TSO ietinm to- M. Go^din!s - thftory—-the jcbnseni 'br bbnoessidn pf ^l^the j&ngs;^r-I think that ihia Jnabjptij |i^stffty§ ::.Mr. Davis' i theory of naarmtion but^u% explains 'ihe iwhole mystery of;the origin of the Papal ; supremacy., IrThe aufltenacy. undoubtedly once ..existed', It ( . ^ I'lthetir osiiSntV pnf8lef»<&mot; the nctyireviveal 1 'ebt'j&iS; been' Rover-: "Pardonme, I was not awarethftt the popes ever Sbandoned the right, if it be of divide appointment the popi£ couldn't abandon it without abandoning their Papial of&ce.;" Mr. Rubric: "Kit I thought 'the olaim to supremaShad'been silently surrendered; we never heat cif it bow. Several of our kings of England, since the reign of Edward I., have claimed to be kings of France, and hayb Stamped the claim on our gold and silver and copper coinage, as kings oJE 'England, Ireland, and Francs.' The claim was also preferred in the preambles of all Acts of Parliament. But recently the claim has been dropped, and our sovereigns no longer call themselves kings of France, as formerly. So I supposed the popes had suffered their ancient claims to supremacy among the kings of Europe to lapse as "a concession to modern public opinion." Mr. Rover: "Do you hold that the Church is a humanly- jppointed institution, that is, supposing that there is or ever was any Church ?" Mr. Rubric : " The Church is not of human, but of divine appointment." Mr. Rover : " Then, if the Church be of divine appointment, how can she ever abandon a right or prerogative conferred upon her as part of her organisation ? Can I abandon my reason, or my will, or my memory as I please ? I cannot. So the Church can never abandon, or forego, or deny, or abandon anything bestowed upon her by Almighty God as apart of her constitution. For instance, the Church could never, never abandon her ' claim' or right or power to forgive sins. " Whose sins you forgive, they are forgiven.' The Church could never deny, either tacitly or formally, her power to absolve sinners who are penitent. Nor could the Church even silently or otherwise abandon any of the Seven Sacraments, or her right by divine command to go into all nations and publish the Gospel. And no more could she ever abandon her supremacy, with all its rights of hearing and determining all cases of conscience or morality, or faith brought before her." Mr. Davit: "Do you mean to say that the present Pope [Gregory XVI.] is, by divine right, invested with supremacy such as Hildebrand asserted 800 years ago, when he compelled Henry, Emperor of Germany, to travel in the depth of winter from Germany across the Alps to Conossa, in the north of Italy?" Mr. Davis said this with the tone of one who expected to make his antagonist ashamed to reply in the affirmative. The idea of Papal oupremacy to the Quakerly mind of Mr. Davis was such a nineteenth century bugbear, he couldn't fancy Sir. Rover having the boldness to allege its nineteenth century existence, much less its suitability to the wantB of a century so rightly civilised, or that the Papal supremacy was indefeasible, simply because it was divinely adapted to the wants of every century to the end of time. The Papal supremacy has been so distorted by the cunning of kings, the craft of statesmen, and the malevolence of atheistic radicalism, that even good Catholics are too much disposed to hush up the subject and bury it in dastardly silence, just as if their doing so would cause Protestants also to forget it. But if there be any one thing more calculated to enrage the Protestant mind againBt Catholic things, it is the pitiful cowardly tactics of seeming to conceal what cannot be denied. Mr. Rover: "The whole world knows, or if it doesn't, the Pope knows, that he oould never, for an instant, divest himself of the Papal supremacy just such as Hildebrand exercised, and which dethroned Manfred of the Two Sicilies ; and all good Catholics know that the Papal supremacy is the thing most needed by this nineteenth century to steady its speculations, and to give it mental sobriety in its scientific intoxication, and to put some check upon its brutish or brigand wars." Mr. Davis: " Well, I admire your frankness and candour in stating your vj^ws, but no more emperors will do penance in a snow-storm before a Pope's window at Canossa." Mr. Mover: " Who gave you the gift -of prophecy ? It is your wishes which inspire you; but the supremacy is an heirloom of the Papacy, and can never, never be alienated. It is not exercised, but it is possessed by the Pope as much as tbe power to baptise." Mr. Rubric: "I should like to know why you are not satisfied with M. Gosselin's theory, for it certainly relieves the popes from all charge of usurpation, wad seems highly complimen tary to their personal wisdom, prudence, and administrative capaity. If the. kings of Christendom had such an exalted opinion of the Papacy as to ote it, their Lord Paramount, I do not ee why, you should be reluctant to accept he encomium on the Papal character which t places at " your disposed." Mr. Rovet: "The Church is- not/a human butr^a ivine insj^tation. .The Church is the jkiHgom of Christ on .earth, .ajid His Mngdomis ot of m% ^orld did;;ai>t stablish the Churoh. TliiaLHflrld,- :that 4e, he kingsof.rthis world or the people of the .arch teaches is 'frijm Go<|,> a&d; o^jfcom (jttogrtrorld. The Church "is the pfetjiM order, and yjtsaefttto witightqj, to & &vBmst;/^ i. flfl^wsi'w 1 ithout any risk or mixm&,- ^—m. inKtfinflrtJfrft infallibility of the Church He seat. If God instituted and sent any Church to teach the nataoUB, He must needs, as God, have sent a Church which never could deceive the natons. An infallible Church, eent by divine authority to teach kings their duty, Would have degraded her high commission and Him who gave it, by seeking or accepting an inferior human sanction for doing irhat She was sent to do. The Church, as teacher, was supreme before the kings and the people consented to acknowledge her supremacy; but if that suprem&ay; depended on the consent of kings and people, and that their opinion of it was the whole basis on which it rested, the kings and people of the age might think differently from those of another age, and what wan an infallible Church to do then ? Was she to be guided by the ' fickle breath* of a prevailing sentiment, and shift the. basis of her supremacy as public opinion shifted, while tho Holy Ghost was dwelling in her to preserve her from change or contradiction." 29th December, 1880. 