Mr. Spuopciidykc's Spouse. SllF DlSAOlU ES WITH HIM AS TO THE LADIES THE SHALL CALL UPON. "Now, my dear said Mr. Spoopeudyke, "let me see the list of ladies you want me to call on I really don't care to go around much, but a man ought to do what his wife wants him to do on New Ye u s day Where is the list ?" " Here it h," enid Mrs Spoopeudyke, fluttering around with her hair in her mouth "I wrote them all out with the addresses for you, so you wouldn't have my trouble " " What makes you put old Sister Lamb at the head of the past ? ' growled Mr Spoopendyke "She's got a wait on her chin the size of a fire bell, and she can't talk anything but the revue stages of egg over Btove co ii for boating the Sunday school " "But who belong to the church, and I don't believe any one else will call on her," reasoned Mr' Spoopendyke She is be tickled to death to see you " What do you think I'm starting out for demanded Mr Spoopeudyke fiercely. "Got an idea I am going around like a missionary, to early the Gospel to people everybody else is afraid of ! Who's this? What's this second name here? Who's Mrs S h k 1 you b r e story ?' " That a Mr b Wolverton I promised her you would call Never mind Mrs Limb, but you ought to call on Mrs M olverton " " What for ? What has she got in common with me, except that her bones are hollow ' She don't know the difference between a Guinea pig and the burning of Jerusalem. Always wants to know if I don't think Sodom and Gomorrah were parable? Is that the kind of hat you've made out ? want me to run around among the old monuments When Mrs Swash?' "that Mrs Smith, the little widow You know she's witnessed in sending women out West to get husbands She'll amuse you " "She will if she sees me She'll make me laugh like a hyena if she gets one eye on me oft hos- that yellow headed girl that sits two pews in front of us ? I'd call on her, now " "She's a little chit of a thing You don't want to run after those young people a man of your age I ' "What's the reason I don't?' howled Mr. Spoopeudyke " Get an idea that I only care for the tough old people, haven't you? Think I'm a sort of Plymouth Rock, don't you ? Got any in are old landmarks that need inspection ?" " I don't care I ' remonstrated Mrs Spoopendyke indignantly, ' they're mean people, and I like to cultivate them. They may be along in life ', li it they can't help it " " Cultivate 'em, if you want to growled Mr Spoopeudyke , " but if you think I'm going hoeing around among 'em on the 1st of January, you're left What d'ye want to cultivate 'em lord With your friends and ideas, you only need weekly prayers and an alarm of fire to be an old woman. home Who else have you got here ? Mrs Shggonspratt, Mrs Woptonsloufch, Miss K i m p 5 I-" " You don't read them right at all," complained Mrs Spoopendyke "That's Mrs Silverspoon, md Sirs Worthington, and Miss Hemmingway. they are just as nice as they can be " Are they the three old worthies who bowl in the chair?' asked Mr Spoopendyke, sternly " They've got a grandson old enough to be my father " "They haven't," sobbed Mrs. Spoopendyke " Yi u know better " " Well, most of 'm have What d'ye want me to call on them for Got any more old almanacs expecting me ? Where's the Sphinx ? You haven't got the Sphinx down here, nor the Tower of Babel Where these other pyramids ? ' Who's Mrs Upsidedown ? ' "That's Mrs. Edgerton She sent you the jelly when you were sick, and you said she was the best woman in Brooklyn. You'll have to call on her for politeness," said Mrs Spoopendyke, severely " I won't either," shouted Mr Spoopendyke " The jelly was sour, and she made me pay a dollar to a and a plaster of paris angel for a starving family out in Platbuah Who's this other name of George Washington's ? Here, this is a mistake -I went to old Mrs Schumalock's funeral thirty years ago " " You didn't I You never did !" proclaimed Mrs Spoopendyke, thoroughly aroused "That isn't her name, either. It's Miss Schofield, and she is the boat friend I've got I only want-" "I know what you want," hissed Mr Spoopen do so " You want a few more acquaintances and a man to be a guide book to ancient Troy Think I'm going to call on that old monolith ? Got anything here that belongs to modern times ? Know anybody who has been dug up within six or eight centuries " Who's that black-eyed girl in the Bible class ? Don't she hang out a flag to-day t ' "I wouldn't look at her," sniffed Mrs Spoopendyke " I wouldn't have you go there for worlds Bendee, she don't receive " " What's this demanded Mr Spoopendyke " AVhat'n Mrs W l-m p q sat v x q got to do with it What cemetery will I find her in " That's Mrs Willoughby," explained Mrs Spoopendyke, complacently. " She's the young widow who recently joined the church " " I don't mind calling on her," said Mr Spoopendyke " She wasn't born more'n 4000 years before the Christian era Got any more like her Does this measly list contain anybody else who wasn't the mother of the Chinese Empire ? Think of any more gravestones that haven't had the epitaphs worn off?" "No," replied Mrs Spoopeudyke, coldly, "and, now I remember, Mrs Willoughby receives calls with friends in LHQ do " "Dod grit your dod gasted list '" howled Mr Spoopendyke, dancing 011 the unhappy document " What d ye think I am-a ghoul ? S'pose I'm going to prance around among all the measly old ghosts in Brooklyn ? S'pose I'm going to wash around and eat cake and drink lemonade with a lot of Bluster actions of the silver 1 in per load ! '1 think I'm going to spend the day with a lot of articu- lated old skeletons just because they belong to the same church that I do' And Mr Spoopendyke popped out of the house like a bung - 13, ellyn Earth 