NEW 0OOKS. We hove received the sixth annual rjport of the St, Vincent de Paul's Boys' Orphanage, Emerald Hill, from which we lonrn that the Bubsoriptioas for tbe year amounted to L1047. The number of boys in tbe Orphun&go; on the let January, 1SS0, was 203, Tho admissions dating the year amounted to 33. The removals and apprenticeships wero 71. Only one death occurred during the your, The following pas- sages from tbo report will be read with satis faction : "The boys apprenticed from the Orphanage a»o giving great satisfaction tu their employers, The applications for apprentices are so numerous, that the managers find it im possible to send boys to half the number of per sons requiring thoir services. During too past year a hrgo- number of the orphan boys, who bad been apprenticed from tho lustifcutlu:«, returned, after havlug houourably served thoirj full time, to receive wages which had been lodged to their account iu the bauk ; und ft wns very consoling to witness taoie who bad left she Orphanage when mere bays, now coming baclc ns tine respectable young men. In nlmost every o&ss; the old apprentices lodgod tcelr mooey in the Po3t Office Savings1 Bank, thus laying a foundation for thoir future cjiofort aud iadepeudanae, The Managorp, while paying strios attention to r.ho ordinary branches of primary eduoatloq mc careful togivo any boy who evinced talent of a high order every facility for advancement iu bie studies. An orphan of this oUhs, who wai sent a short time aiaae &j; tbe Schools of tho Christian Brothers, Victoria Parade, wont up f jr examlnaUou iu the foUuwiagfmbjdota— History, Geography, Litiu, English, Go uutry, Arithmetic, Breach, and Algebra— at tho late nxoraiiu.tion In the Melbourne Univer sity (Oo!ober, 1SS0.) H-j passed in the whole eight feubjuotp, und obtained a "wolff'in FrenoU and Algebra. a large number of visitors have reoorded tbis cplnion of tbo management of the insti tution as observed by them, and tbey all bear ttttiinouy to the excellence of the supervision, tbe cheerfulness of the children and the air of ctmfort and cleanliness that pervades tho Orphanage. . - How to distinguish nnd troat Diseases of | Cbildrtn, by Henry G, H, Naylor,||L.R,O.P. ; L.R.C.S, ; and L.M, Edin, M a useful littli volumo published by Mr Gsorge Robertson, The book will be fonod a most valuable work in tho nursery. All the preeoribed remedloi are given clearly, briefly, nud without teoh- .nical words, Itiauot intended that the book should aupsrseda the family practitioner, but to be at hand &t; times, when from variona osnsea n dootor's sorviceo cannot ba readily ob tained, Not the least valuable part of tho work is that on common poisons, with a dc- ocription of their symptoms and tho treatment or antidote 8 which can be used. Specimens of Aurtrallan Oratory by David Baoh&oan;, is a Sydney publication, The title is thoroughly misleading, sinos the specimens given are all of Mr Bnohanan's own com position. Tho proper pame for tho booh would be Specimens of Mr Buohanan's Oratory. If Australia could produce no bettor specimens of oratory than tboBQ bofore us wo fear the 1 'In telligent foreigner " and the reader gonerally would from but a poor estimate of oar publi s speakers. The subjects of Mr Baobanan'j eloquence are suoh as do not Invito oven a voracious reader. Thus one would hardly sit down to read Mr Buchanan's uttorancos la Sydney on such questions us Capital Punish raent, Divorcs Bill, Protection, Licensing Bill, and Supplementary Financial State ment, Australian Aborigines, by James Dawson, is a very painstaking and exhaustive treatise on the aborigines, in which very.;dotailed and, we asaumo, ncourato details reapeotiog the modo of Hfo, marriage customs, &o;„ Are fully set ouh Tho work la published by Mr George Robertson, and is excellently got up, To those who feel an interest in tho aboriginal race, wblob in a few years will have ceasod to exist, Mr Dawson's book will prove a volume of Intense interest. Tbe author shows how little has really been known of tho aborigines, and bow orroneou, Is the Impression as to their intellectual capacity. He instances oases in whioh aboriginals have acquired as many aa four languages. As a sample of tho author's style,, wo quote the following from the pro- face In recording my admiration of tbe genoral character of tbe aborigines, no attempt is made to palliate what may .appear to us to be ob jectionable oustoms common to savages in nearly every pa:t of tbe globs ; but it may b truly said of tboin. that, with tho exception ol the low estimate they naturally place on life, their moral ohnrAotor and inorioety— all thing' considered— 'Compare favorably with those of the moot highly cultivated communities oi ' Europe, Pooplo seeing only tho miserable remnants to bo met with about tho white mtn't grog-ubop may be inclined to doubt this ; but if these doubters wero to bo brought iat oless communication with the aboriginal away Irom the means of Intoxloatlo.i ; and were to listen to tboir guileless conversa tion, tbelr humor and wit, and thoir expres sions ol honor and nlfeotion for one another, thoEQ who ure disposed to look upon tbmn as Bo&roely; human would be oompclled to admit that in gouoral Intelligence, common cense, Integrity, nnd the absence of anything ropalslvo In thoir conduot, they arc at least equal, II not superior, to tho genoral run of white men. It must bo homo In mind, also, that many of thoir present vloes were Introduced by tho whito man, whose contact with thorn has in ore'ssed their degradation, and will oo doubt ultimately lead to their extinction. A fashionable Galveston young man thinks he Is great &B; an elooutlonlat. His strong oard Is reading tho ghost scene In Hamlet. After bearing him reolte, an elderly gentleman was asked what be thought of htm, Well, said the old gentleman, 'T think he ought to bavo gWw op thg ghgftti long gOi" 