DESTRUCTIVE FIRE IN BARRACK STREET. A fire, which has resulted in the destruction of a very large amount of valuable property, occurred this morning in Barrack-street. Soon after midnight flames were discovered in the warehouse of M. Bechet, general importer, situated close to the Savings Bank (from which building it is separated by a space of about six or eight feet), the Daily Telegraph Office adjoining the premises on the other side. No time was lost in giving the alarm, and as soon as possible, under the present inefficient system or want of system, the ? men of the various fire brigades hauled up their engines and appliances, and in the space of half an hour the whole street between York and George streets became a scene of great confusion and noise. The want of a directing hand and voice was again painfully apparent. However, by the time the fire- men arrived and got to work the fire had obtained such hold of the building and its contents, and was burning so furiously, that there was no'hops.of saving any portion of the property. The grandeur of the scene, as the flames rolled out of every window and hole, and from the roof of the spacious building, equalled that of the Victoria Theatre on the night it succumbed to a similar fate. The flames shot high into the air, and showers of sparks were carried by the wind for some considerable distance. Even after the various hose had been run out and the pumps got to work, some 20 minutes or half an hour elapsed before anything like adequate streams of water were turned on and into the burning building. But at this time the interior, from cellar to roof, was one mass of fire and flame. The steam engines then commenced to pour capital streams of water on to the consuming mass, the efforts of the firemen being directed chiefly to prevent ing the fire extending to the Savings Bank on one hand, and the newspaper offices on the other. As the fire progressed, consuming everything before it, the walls of the store became so heated as to crack in several places, and the alarm was more than once raised that the building was giving way. Nothing of the kind took place. The walls, however, did look very dangerous, and the injury to them seems irreparable. At 2 o'clock the fire was well under control. The debris will burn for hours, but at the hour named all apprehensions of the fire spreading to other properties was at an end. We believe the building and its contents were insured, " though to what extent we were unable to ascertain. The alarm was given by a cabman who drove along York street. Inspector Anderson, sergeant Flaherty, Mr. William Smythe, and Mr. L. Kelly ran to the scene of the fire, and there they were informed that Mr. Bechet was sleeping at the top story of the building. Inspector Anderson started a cabman to give the alarm at the fire engine station, and after throwing stones to alarm any one who might be asked in the upper stories, broke in one of the ground-floor windows. Followed by sergeant Flaherty, be effected an entrance, and saw that the fire was then raging on the ground- floor. The heat was intense, and dense volumes of smoke rose in every direction. The glass partition which formed the office melted and fell in and as Flaherty re- treated, Smythe and Foley pulled Anderson from the dangerous position he occupied. Just then, at about 12.30, the Insurance brigade arrived, and superintendent Bown sent a messenger for the steam fire engine, in the meantime working the manual engine. No. 3 hose, the first on the field, was carried through the Daily Telegraph office, and laid on to the burning building, and several others speedily followed suit. The Inspector-General and superintendent Read, accompanied by a strong body of police, reinforced from all parts of the city, soon came up, and rendered the (w omen inestimable service by keeping back the many thousands of people whom curiosity Ladled to the spot, and who otherwise would have sadly hampered, the efforts of the fire-fighters. The roofs of the buildings adjoining Mr. Becher's establishment were just catching iii of from the shower of sparks rained upon them when the hose was taken through the Daily Telegraph office, and the incipient flames were quenched. Shortly before 1 o'clock the burning building presented a grandly toniblo'sight. The stone walls stood firmly, though the slate roof had crumbled and fallen in and through the apertures in it could be seen great rafters reddening into charcoal, while the burnt ghosts of chandeliers swayed to and fro, and now and then a great beam would fall, like a giant torch. As we have said, cracks opened in the outer walls and once or twice a panic seized the crowd-a panic -which, owing to the presence of the police, only resulted in a little crushing and swaying, but which, otherwise, might have been the death of more than one. Just where the crowd was thickest, opposite the Savings Bank, a hose burst, and the shower of dense spray which bespattered KIL within thirty feet of it soon cleared an open space there. At 1 o'clock a ladder was run up from this verandah of the bank to the coping of the roof, and Thomas Wills, one of the Renard sailors, ran up it with a branch, which did good service by playing into the interior of Mr. Uechet's store through one of the circular openings in the side wall. The Paddington Brigade did good service with the hand pump, and the Insurance and North City Company, with several others, worked very vigorously ; but the fire had been burning three-quarters of an hour before the steam-engine was got to work, and had there been anyone sleeping in the building life would undoubtedly have been lost, in the absence of of a fire escape. The wind was in the east, and so the sparks fell for the most part harmless, but still anxiety for the safety of the surrounding buildings lasted until at 2 a.m. the fire was got well under. Consternation was great, as might have have been expected, in the Telegraph office. The compositors' frames and cases were removed, and owing to the confusion it was for a little time difficult to say whether the paper would be issued to-day. Subsequently, the usual work of a newspaper office was carried on almost as if no great fire were raging in the immediate vicinity, The pressure of water before 1 o'clock was very weak, from the fact that band branches were used and that it was difficult to see where best the violence of the flames could be checked. Volunteers at the pumping-engine were, however, numerous, and when the steam-engine arrived a strong stream was directed against the cracking walls and through the burnt windows of the building. None of the places around were seriously injured and that a fire of such magnitude should have been confined to the warehouse in which it broke out, and, where it had obtained a secure hold before it was noticed, is attributable to two causes the solidity of the walls within which it raged, and the judiciously directed efforts of the firemen to prevent the flames spreading Mr. Ecchet's warehouse was completely gutted, and as fine r after floor, laden heavily with expensive and in flammable; Otis, sank down to preserve the blaze, which, bursting forth at every opening, drew together the enormous crowd which thronged York, Barrack, and George streets, exclamations of admiration rose freely from those assembled. The crowd was an orderly one, and whenever assistance was needed in working the engines or arranging hoses it was freely proffered. At half-past 1 o'clock a smart shower fell, and this, seeing that the building was completely gutted, enabled the firemen to get the flames under, until, at 2 11.111., burn hot wall? surround- ing a great mass of smouldering debris showed that the fight was over, and that the Savings Bank and the many warehouses near at hand were safe. 