Local News. On Monday last P. J. Karr, charged by his father with horse stealing appeared before tho Bench on bail, on remand. The evidence of the prosecutor, Thos. J. Karr was taken, and defeudant was committed to take his trial at tho Northern District Court Mackay, on Tues-. day, 29th inst. Bail was allowed, himself in £50, and two sureties each in £23. The report of the examination into the, abandonment of the ' Hnporior ' will be very satisfactory to tho friends of Captain Rosen gren. He has satisfactorily proved, under a severe cross- examination that-he was perfect ly blameless with respect to the misfortune which happened to the ship. Wb are glad to be informed by Mr. VV. H. Paxton that tho brigantino 'Borongh Bello,' with eixty-twu recruits, and forty returns to laud, was spokon with at Pentecost Island by tho ' Io ' on tho 16th of October. The plans of tho Church of England School havo arrived . in Maiikay,- and they aro thoroughly in accord with tho architecture of the Cburch. The building ia 65 feet long, by thirty-four foot broad. Thero is a working man's club room, separated from the whole length uf tho building by amovcable purtitiou. This room is intended as a place wboro work ing mon can moot at night, anil play chess or draughts, and have thoir smuku. It ia not intended to be a rival to thu School pf Arts, but as an auxiliary. The Secretary to the School of Arts should recognise this fact A JTEBIISO of the Parnoll's Land. Eeforml League, Mackay Branch, was hold intho St.l Joseph's schoolroom ou Saturday evening last. Owiniug to it being a businuBa night in Mackay, tho attendance wan nqt largo. Ad ditional 'subscriptions to the amount of £30 were handed in by country members. The Rov. Father ?Mulhail was moved to the chair, and, iu tho absonco uf Mr. Fay, Mr. P. M. Hynes acted as secretary to tho meeting. It was moved by Mr. M. Ready, seconded by D. Bailey and patsed :— That, the lists bo kept open until an additional fifty pounds bo collected, and that the subscribers' names bo published in tho Auitralian. Moved by Mr, Hynes, seconded by Mr. (i, Kenny and passed unanimously: — That tho members of this branch, pledge themselves to withdraw their subscsiptinns and support from any news paper which circulates caluinuiea on thuir compatriots at botnti, or in any way midropre Bants or maligmi the Irish Nutioual Lojul Lcaguo or its leaders- After. the arraugcinuut of somo financial matters tho meeting turuii I uatod with a vote of ibauka to tbo ohoinuan. Br a r'tcout Ciovornmiiut Qatelte Dr. Mo Burney has buen appointed visiting tjurguou to lit. Joseph's Orphanage at Mackay, and wo make this statement in aiiswur to neyuial ouquii ius. During tho pruvnluuuj of muaalos, tllu appointment wan a very important: uue, anil it falls naturally into tho liauils of Dr. MoBurney as llualth Ofllcur. Without attempting to be invidious, wu should imaginu that any supervision of public hoalth cuuld not bu entrusted to litter hiinJo than thuao of l)r. Mollurncy. - - ' ... Wri'li' respect to I'rufcsuor I'uppei'a euter tniiiuiuiit wo should rcooininunil our fricnilu at WallturiUui to limo no 'opportunity of miuing it. It is possibly tho muut wonderful anil unique exhibition of tho woiitlcru uf ocienee uver uliiiwn, and uur rcauon fur not criticising tho viiriouu luctnrcu, experiments, and exhibi tions iu dutail, in tliutauyuudi attumpt would bo iiniKisuiblo in a bi-weekly pivpor. It would bo utterly uaelcsj to attempt to yivu any detailed particulars. Jlij lociures and ex IHirinieuts art',- in tliemuelveu particularly con. denned, and nuwspapur paragru]iha me not of much uuo when they ore miunuaeil to supply tlo particulars of .wh it interests (arcej audiencus: night, after night. We ilhoreforo idccline, somewhat against nnr will, to attempt to enter into details, simply say that never, in -mr experiencQ of Mackay, have' we seenisuch large audiences, night lifter night in the School uf Arts. If our Wjalkerston frieudsi will look the bills, or the a Ivdrtiserrients, they will seo exactly what;thuj may look for. There is no claptrap abijut this entertainment, and no. puttuig is needed. We liiidaratand. that after exhibiting his scii ntilic and artistic apparatus in Walkerston, I'lofeasurpepper will continue to appear in pnlilip, in Maekay, oniTbnrsdiy, Friday, and Saturday evenings. Ho is only enabled to do so ijy the kindness of Mr. Brom berg in giving up the right to tho Hall, aud he will show Pei^er's Ghost, celobratea fornearly; a qaartcr of a .cbutiiry.: However, without, going into any minute particulars about Pro testor Pepper, we may say, as the Queen of Sheba, said,1 when sho visited King Solom on; that the half had Inot been told her. It would be difficult to tell all wo Have seen, and im possible to iraagine'the wonders which we have ' not seen. AVe advise those who have ears to hear, to hear, and' those who have cye3 to see, to see. It will be a long time before either of their organs of sense are so well, or so pleasantly employed. . , Wb remind those of our readers who have recrived invitation tickets to the Amateur, Dramatic Club entertainment that, it comes oS to- night. Many questions are. asked as to the .reason why ithe entertainment assumes the form which it Hoes. There are two good and sufficient reasons, and wo trust that no jealousy will interfere with the success of tho thoroughly,, well meant efforts of the Club. We have an idea that to-night the School of Arts will be particularly well tilled, a thoroughly good entertainment given, and a considerable amonnt of subscriptions handed to the Hospital. ' ? By notice in our advertising columns, it will bo seen that Mr. A. Eowland, calling him Bolf the ' Australian horso tamer,' is about to give some public exhibitions in Mackay of the really marvellous art he possesses- -;Southern papers pronounce :him a perfect Karey in his command ovor.unbrokon or vicious horses. If all we read is truo. Rareywasno't a 'ciroumstance' to Mr. Rowland: Ho iias tamed in a few minutes, and by perfectly inexplicaple means, the most vicionsbrkts of horses, and ia said to be,Jto boot, a most; beautiful rider. Meantime Mr. Rowland can be consulted at Wills' Hotel. There have bean great doubts about the ~bona Jides of the intention of Government to go on with pur local works, and we confess that tve have not 'bean without some qualms on such matters. ]\Ve learn now, on the very best authority that warden's quarters will bo erected at the new; immigration barracks, and that jthe construction of them will' be offered' to trie contractor for the barracks. If he takes the job at a fair price no: other tender will be called for. Instructions have been given for the railway survey- to Eton, and also other surveys, to the Chief Engineer! in the north; The plans of the local Post- office are nearly ready, but they are only sketch plans, which must' have tho approval of the Post-office authorities before tho Huishcd plan is made. Wo are assured that no unnecessary delay will occur in tho carrying out of the public worka promised to us ; but it ia not advisable lo do anything too hurriedly, and one or two little hitches have takonj place of a nature, iinsignifi cant in themselves, bnt necessitating now planB, and fresh consideration, Hib Lordship Bishop : Stanton arrived in town early yesterday morning by tho last southern Bteamer, and will remain here for a weok'. ' His Lordship will preach three times next Sunday. He: intends visiting Mackay again at Xraas when the foundation blocks of the- Sunday sohoolo, and Walkeraton Chnrch will be laid. j I . ... ' . There has been, of lata, a lull in anything worthy of record, but this simply means that, the 'district bos settled down to, steady work. J/ackay ia at present, too busy, and too much ? -ccnpied to furnish |much. of tho sort of news froravftiiuh sensational paragraphs are made up. ? i ? On Monday night last, Carra, an aboriginal, at present under sentence in tho Mackay lock up for using threatening language, showed his impatieaco of restraint in a fashion which, if it had been allowed to continue much longer, might havo reaulfed in his escape from legal custody. He managed to dotach the handle of bis night bucket, and with it pounded n' hole through the hardwood wall of his. cell, and the galvanised iron coating outside. 'Tho hole, when his attempt Was discovered, was large enongh to allow him to try operations on the outside. Re, however, did not get the chance, as Constable Schneider go^him in flagrante dclicto, and put him where ho shonld nsquire to (commence afresh before making a practicable breach in the wall. From the nature -jof tbo wood penetrated, Carra must havo gone at it ' tooth and nail,' as well t-3 with tho handle of the buotet. He may however rest assured, that he will novor again perform a similar exploit in the Mackay watchhousc. ' Me. C,, K. Dut«illia will sell by auction to morrow 'at his ?ale-rnomn, a great many portions of land at! Plane Creek. The sale cominescos at Eleven o'clock, and as will bo seen by advertisement, is a very important ZO. ??'' '; ' ' A arkxTQis of the Roman Catholics of this /place was hold on Sunday, the IStb inst, to consider the charges brought against the late Catholio Bishop; arid the Irish Clergy of his diocese. Mr.- Johnfiarnoy, J.P., was voted to the chair. The chairman in opening the business of the meeting said that such short notico having bepn, given of the saiAchargnB ho was ^ sure that i thdre was many present, lite himself, not prepared to diBcusa this im portant subject, and the absence of many of , the congregation whom he was sure wonld only be too glud to .take such action in the matter to repudiate the alanderous charges that had been brought. against our departed Bishop and the Irish Clergy of Queensland. He, however, hoped that those present would bring forward some resolution that would ] adjourn the preaont meutiug for tho week so as to give each and evoryono time to discnsB fully the alleged charges that had been so' unworthily brought mpinst the bead of the church. Mr. Murtagh moved tbu Drst resolution, as fol lowa— 'That in tha opinion of this mooting it should stand adjourned until' Sunday next, 20tli instant, so as to givu the parishioners an opportunity of meeting the slamleroua and untruthful charges jthat ' havn boon ; brought against our late Bishop and the Irish Clergy of the must important o.ilony iu huf Majesty s dominion».' Sucomled by Mr. MoQnwuu, aud carried moid enthusiastically. . Mr. Jumcs Kenny uiovu.l the uext resolution— 'That a Cumihittcii bo appniiitod to carry out whatever resolutions may be brought forward to repudiate tho ulmrges that bad bnen road by Mr. O'Shoa, tlio Socrotnry. This wascarriod. The following vuutlumufi weru duly electud ;— JohnUanioy, J.X'., John Murtagh, M. Ready, K.'Mcdowau, M. J. Fay.P.X Hynes, John I'ortor, P. MaClailiuy. J. Kennedy, II. McGuirn, T. Ilucy, W. Hosy, J. C»rny, aud James Koniiy. . Tlie Chairman prnpnaad that tbo Comiuiltuu just 'foriiKid ahnuld most on Wednesday evening imxt at G u'olouk sharp to prujmrii lusohitions for the gtueral meeting of pariuhiouuni on Suudiiy next. This was. alto carried. A votu uf tlmilti to tho Chairman toruiiuuted the prueetilin^a. 