A TIME OP REFRESHING. MY A WORKER. The Lord has indeed been reviving His work in the midst of us iu Ashfield, and the blessing still continues to descend. BelieTcrs have been very greatly quickened and comforted, and backsliders have been wooed by the tender Spirit of Christ to the. joy of their first love. If this were all the story we had to tell it would be good news enough for the whole Church to rejoice with us, and praise Him who is the hearer and answerer of prayer. But, thank God, this is not all. The hands of the preacher, held up by a most earnest company of praying workers, have been made strong, and the convincing energy of the Holy Ghost, accompanying the faithful re-telling of the old, old story has again proved the Gospel to be "the power of God unto Salvation." It is seldom wise to attempt to tabulate results of such movements as this—that record will be best kept on High—but it may redound to God's glory to write down two or three general, but most precious facts. 1st. Hindrances to the work of various kinds have been, one by one, removed out of the way when the workers just humbled themselves before God and asked llim to do it. 2nd. As the result of believing, earnest prayer and self-denying individual effort, numbers have been led to attend these services, who, in ordinary circumstances, would have laughed at the idea. 3rd. Young men and women, the children of praying mothers and fathers who up to the present time have been " halting between two opinions," have received grace to say, "as for us, henceforth we will serve the Lord." 4th. Some, who came to the meetings to criticise, or outof mere curiosity, remained to pray. 5th. Several adherents of the congregation, and scholars in the Sabbath school* who for months, aye! years, have been faithfully instructed in the truth, have at this time been led to a personal acceptance of Christ and His salvation. 6th : The Holy Spirit has been throwing a strong light in upon all our hearts, and believers have been led to acknowledge past faithlessness, and to renewed self-consecratiou. Just a word or two as to the means and methods used here. Of the evangelist—the Rev. John MacNcil—we are constrained to speak as most markedly a man of prayer ; a firm believer in the present power of the Holy Ghost in the believer's heart and in the world; as a constant and humble student of "the Book" (as he always calls the Word of God) ; as a man of strong faith and great moral courage; as a minister who proclaims all the doctrines of grace in plain English and with urgency unfeigned ; as a soul-winner, who tries to obey the apostolic injunction, being " instant in season, out of season.'* As to the methods, there is nothing strange about them. People are brought to the services principally by personal invitation and influence, and everything at the meetings is done "decently and ia order." About the only noticeable difference in the externals between these and the usual Sabbath services, is that the Evangelist speaks from the platform instead of the pulpit, and Sankey's Hymns are used instead of our own hymn-book, and there are no collections ! During the past week also, Mr. John Walker has on several evenings sung some of the most solemn of these sacred songs alone, and ministers present have, at Mr. MacNeil's request, led in prayer. Then, each night there is an after-meeting, when those who, touched by the Spirit of Christ, are saying in their hearts, " Oh, that I knew where I might find Him," have an opportunity of conversing with the evangelist, the minister of the church, or other of the workers, who are often the means, in God's hand, of removing difficulties, and leading to a^simple acceptance of the truth as it is ift JeBus." It is a very delightful" feature in the on-carrying of this work that the pastor, the elders, the Sabbath-school teachers, and other Christian workers are witli one mind working and praying together shoulder to shoulder. Duriug the past week we have been much pleased at seeing amongst us at Ashfield two or three members of the Sydney Presbytery, viz., the Revs. Messrs. Cosh, Jarvie Maclnnes, and J. Miller Ross; also the Revs. J. Paton, T. E. Clouston and G. Woolnough (Wesleyan) ; J. Vaughan and Dalrymple (Molong) (C.E.), and W. Matheson (Congregationalist). We would have been glad to see more. In conclusion, we ask believers in all the congregations to continue in prayer that the work of the Lord may not cease in our midst, and that the young converts may " grow in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ." If we ask we shall receive; and what shall be able to withstand the manifested power of the Holy Ghost ? After reading over what we have written, we think it well to add that the blessing has not been confined to the Liverpool-road Congregation, but has been participated in by numbers connected with other churches in Ashfield, the neighboring suburbs and even visitors from Sydney. In this we in Ashfield, at any rate, greatly rejoice.—The Sydney Presbyterian. ? ? 