t TILE AIULIE ll'ARNING. The following "authentic narrativo" was elicited during the recent ghost coi ' troversy' in the English papers. It is written by Mrs Ann Day (formorly Glad den), of 31, Burgoyne-rond, S.W., who questioned the statement of another writer that the traditional warning of impending disaster in the Airlie family:consists only of the sound of a drum. Sho says : Early ini the year 1845 1 went to Cor tacky Castle is attondance upon Miss Margaret Dalrymple, who was paying a two days' visit to the Earl and Countess of Airlio.: We arrived Into in the even ing, and Miss Dalrymple had odily just' time to dress for dintier. As she rested for a few ininties oil the sofa;' however (this sho'told ino- sometimea'fter we had left'the castle), she heard distinictly, as if immendiately bonoatli the floor, the sound of fifes and afterwards' thlie beati, of a drium. While at dinner, she reomared to Lord Airlio, who sat near her, '" What is that strange music you have about the house 7 You assuredly have an' excellent piper." ' Lord' Airlio; withouit replying, dropped his knife and' fork and retired' frdt 'the 'dining-room." Later:in the evening the place seemed to be all in coin fusion, and I: learnt that Lord' Airlio, after leaving the table, went to the library and dined in solitude. The next inorn ingi whilst the' fanmily weret at' breakfast, I was 'quite 'alone In' Miss Dalrymple's room, andlns I stood befdro the fire 1 heard, as I thought, a' crria"o drivesup,' and stoap dead; directly ieuder my feet. Itmmediately there folloed'tltho sound of another carriage driving up, and stopping in exactly the same tmannter. And then,' sa' if' following the vehicles, came the tramp, trainp, tramp of marching soldiers. Then I heard some shrill notes of the fife so distinctly thtit I looked' routid instino.' tively, -expecting, to 'seo 'l'piper' in the' room. In anuother moment I.,wns still' more startled by the beating of a drum. About this there was sboetling indescrib ably disagreeable; it scoeemed 'as if the' drnmcer wire makitig his way through the floor. Being a perfect stranger to the place, I'thought there might be a coach road and' an entrance door to the castle, near' the room in which I stood;' and that soine distinguished guests' were arriving or departing.' On looking out of the window, hoswever, I found there was' no door or coach road near, and hot a htiman being was to boe soon: 'Ico oncluded, therefore, that the solinds must have been echoed fron a distance. The next morn ing before" our 'departuro, 'Lady Airlie came -to' the door of Miss Dalrymplo's room; to give her ia £iSnoto for an orphan school' in which she was interested. Neither of us over saw the countess again.t She was confined of twins at ' Brighton some moniths afterwards,' nid died. It was not until Miss Dalrymple, a few days after we left the castle, asked me if I had heard " the strange music there,"" that I disclosed mly experienice, and then for the first timet Ilearnt from her the tradition about the Airlio drutntner boy. - Shei told ime that she herself had been totally in ignorance of it until her allusion at the dinner tableo to the music she had heard elicited from another guest ai explanation. 