NEWS OF THE DAY. -a WITH regard to the wholesale ringbarking of timber, now going on in various parts of the colony, the Government, as will be seen by an article in another column, has resolved to take active and prompt measures to check it. The Minister for Mines has issued instructions to the forest rangers to see that the regulations with regard to ringbarking are properly observed. Special officers are to be sent from Sydney to assist the Government in preventing the wholesale destruction of valuable timber. The Banco Court is at present occupied with a case which, as the Chief Justice remarked, is of great importance to every free selector in the colony. The question which the Court has to decide is whether " ring-barking is an improvement " within the meaning of the Land Act. A full report of the case, as far as it has gone, will be found in another column. The Judges have postponed the further hearing of it till Tuesday next, IN the Banco Court yesterday a rule nisi was granted for a new trial of the Bulletin case. In ex parte Woolard, habeas corpus, the motion was dismissed. A rule nisi for a prohibition was granted in the case of Alexander Duguid, which is the first case arising out of the introduction of tramways. The prohibitions were moved for in the cases of Thomas and Johnson, but the arguments were not included when the Court rose, Ahoy I raise the question whether ring-barking is an improve- ment, or not.' I THE comet, now visible every evening in the south-west, formed the project of a very interesting paper, written by Mr. Tebbutt, of the Windsor Observatory, and road before the Royal Society last evening. The paper will be found published in another column. Du. FouCiV-itT, who has had charge of the Chinese child which is said to be suffering from small-pox, has at last been placed in quarantine. Yesterday afternoon he visited the premises of On Chong, and Co., in Lower George- street, and as the constables on duty have received instructions that they are to allow no one to leave or enter until fresh orders have been issued, Dr. Foucart will remain in quarantine. Many will deem it strange that this course was not adopted much earlier. Shortly after Dr. Foucart arrival a bedstead, with the necessary bedding, was conveyed to and received into the building for his use. Two motors which were imported from America recently are now being erected at the Red fern terminus of the tramway. It is probable they will he at work in the course of a few days. THE Quarter Sessions were resumed at Darlinghurst yesterday, when Mr. D. C. Judge Dowling presided, and Mr. J. J. Teece prosecuted for the Crown, Thos. Morgan, the cabman found guilty on the previous day of having stolen a pair of earrings from Mary Jane Lingard, was sentenced to twelve months' hard labour. Ellen Walmsley, found guilty the previous day of having robbed D. Wood of a purse containing £1 10s. and some papers, was sentenced to three months' hard labour. Charles Hall, about 20 years of age, was charged with having, on April 11, stolen from Robert M'Credie one watch, one chain, one locket, one coin, and £5 in money. He was found guilty, and remanded for sentence. Joseph Lacerda, charged with highway robbery ; Alfred Reid and Edward Peterson, charged with stealing from the person and Mary Ann Galvin, charged with larceny, were acquitted. A rnosncuTioN was had at the Central Police Court yesterday, under the Act for the Suppression of Betting-houses, which resulted in the conviction of the defendant, H. 0. Paton, of the Carlton Club Hotel, who was sentenced to pay a penalty of £10 and costs. A GEXHIUL meeting of the New South Wales branch of the British Medical Association took place, last evening, at the Board-room of the Medical Board, Phillip street. On account of the inclemency of the weather, the meeting was not so numerously attended as was expected. There were, however, present, Dr. Moffitt, president (in the chair), Dr. Fortescue, vice president ; Dr. O'Reilly, treasurer; Drs. Jockel (of Richmond), Tarrant, Belgrave, Craig Dixson, Fiaschi of Windsor), Quaile, Power, Gilman, Marano, Sparke, Pickburn, Thomas Dixson, and the secretary. Dr. Spencer was introduced as a visitor by Dr. Tarrant. The name of Dr. Richard Read, of Singleton, was mentioned as a member of the branch recently elected by the Council. A letter from Dr. Louis Henry, in reference to the now medical journal, was read, and the secretary was instructed by the Council to write a reply. A progress report was received from the sub-committee appointed to deal with Dr. Maranoa motion,-" That this branch advocates the registration of infectious disease." Papers were read by the president and Dr. Craig Dixson, and a case of disease was exhibited by the latter gentleman. A vote of thanks for his paper terminated the business of the meeting. The annual meeting of the N. S. Wales Gun Club was held at the Royal Hotel, on Thursday, the 2nd instant, the president (Mr. li. L. Tooth, M.L.A.) in the chair. The report and balance sheet for the past year were read, and unanimously adopted. The president in a few well-chosen remarks congratulated the members on the prosperous condition of the club, and the efficient manner in which the officers conducted the affairs during the past twelve months. The club is in a very prosperous state, bringing forward a balance of nearly £80. The hon. secretary and treasurer having been re-elected, the following gentlemen were elected members of the committee:-Messrs. Faithfull, Friend, Gannon, Pidcock, Houghton, AV. Hill, and F. Smart. After some alterations and additions to the rules were adopted and several new members elected, a vote of thanks to the chairman brought the meeting to a termination. Tm. excellence of the courses of instruction adopted by the lecturers of the Technical College at the Sydney Mechanics School of Arts is evidenced by the recent successes of its students both in the mother-country and in Victoria. Two of the late students attending the laboratory under the supervision of Professor Dixon, F.O.R., have recently distinguished themselves in chemistry at the winter session examinations of the Edinburgh University, Mr. E. J. B. Du Moulin obtaining the medal and first-class honours, and Mr. F. A. Pockley second-class honours in that subject. The drawings sent from the classes of the Technical College to the Melbourne Exhibition obtained a gold medal from the judges, the collection being considered superior to any other school of design exhibiting. These drawings were executed by the pupils attending the ladies' class taught by Miss Marsh, the free- hand drawing classes conducted by Mr. Thomas Phillips, the mechanical class taught by Mr. W. H. Humphreys, and the architectural class until lately in charge of Mr. Kirkpatrick. Mr. Edward Dowling, the original proposer of the college and chairman of its committee, has just returned from an inspection of many of the educational institutions of Victoria, including the Schools of Mines at Ballarat and Sandhurst, and several of the schools of design to be found not only in Melbourne and its suburbs, but also in the principal country towns. Mr. Dowling has obtained much important information respecting the working of these institutions, which will be of great service in initiating the science and art instruction at the mechanics' in- stitutes of the colony, recommended by their delegates at the Technological Conference held at the Sydney School of Arts, under the presidency of Sir Henry Parkes. The success attending the modelling class, conducted by Monsieur Henry, has induced the college committee to endeavour to form in the branch school room classes for carving in wood and stone. DR. THOMAS DIXSON delivered his fourteenth lecture on physiology at the School of Arts last Thursday evening, being the first of three lectures on the eye. By means of diagrams, experiments, and preparations, the structure of the eye and the use it makes of the refraction of light so as to form images of the objects viewed on the back of the eye were shown. By using apparatus the lecturer was able to show practically longsightedness, shortsightedness, and that very peculiar defect of the eye called astigmatism in one form of this affection objects are soon clearly when in certain positions, as the hands of a clock when pointing upwards may be quite visible, while pointing sideways they would be indistinct. The peculiar rayed appearance of stars was shown to be due to a defect in the lens of the eye. So much interest was shown in the apparatus and experiments that it was nearly ten o'clock before the audience dispersed. MR, JOHN SANDS, of George-street, has issued a series of six chromo- lithographs views of Sydney Harbour and its neighbourhood, which in merit compare favourably with the best imported productions. The original drawings wore by Mr. J. C. Hoyte, and were reproduced on stone by Mr. Sedgfield, who in so reproducing them gave them a warmer and more natural tone than the artist had done. Each view represents some well-known and lovely scene, and each is thoroughly characteristic, so that people at home will be able to form a good idea of the natural beauty which lies around Sydney. Mr. Sands is preparing other series of views, which will be issued in due course Proofs of the present sories, mounted on toned boards, will be issued in limited number, and afterwards cheaper issues will be made. Mr. McDONALD, purser of the ss. Zealandia, informs us that the steamer carried no freight for Honolulu on her voyage just terminated. She stopped about three miles off the port and landed passengers and mails. Small-pox is no longer considered epidemic thoroughly a few sporadic cases occur at rare intervals among the natives. The other islands of the group are said to be entirely free from the disease. The death rate has been decreasing rapidly for some weeks past, and it is expected, that quarantine restrictions will soon be unnecessary. A coitrxsroxnnxT writes :-" Tloueeholdors who are in the habit of keeping open the front doors of their houses for ventilation and other purposes should be careful not to leave articles of clothing hanging up in exposed positions in halls or passages. Some thieves are just now evidently making hay while the sun shines,' and gathering a good harvest before the season becomes too cold to Dormit of doors being kept open. The locality most favoured by their visits so far, appears to be Macquarie-street North, where an excellent field for operations has been discovered. The so gentry are not, of course, very particular as to the description of articles they relieve the owners of but, when they have the option of choosing, preference is generally shown for overcoat?. Umbrellas, walking sticks, and hats have also disappeared, but no clue has as yet been obtained to the thieves. It is to be hoped that the police will exercise a little more vigilance in the neighbourhood mentioned, and keep a better look- out for suspicious-looking persons emerging from boarding houses." IT was reported to the City Coroner, yesterday, by sergeant Logan, of No 3 station, that, at about 2.30 o'clock on the morning of the 2nd instant, constable Hobson, while on duty on South Head Road, Paddington, saw smoke issuing from the ventilator under the window of the grocer's shop kept by William Duke. Mr. Duke and his sister reside in the house, and the constable immediately aroused them. On gaining admission, Robson found a piece of paper burning under the ventilator, and some time afterwards Mr. Duke discovered two parcels of sulphur at the same place, one of which had apparently been burning. The ventilator or iron grating has been broken for some time past, and the parcels of sulphur could have been passed in through the broken place. No damage was done. Mr. Duke's stock is insured in the City Mutual office for £100, and the house, which is the property of Mr. A. Corben, Point Piper Road, is insured for £200 in another office, TriB City Coroner was engaged yesterday, from 9 o'clock in the morning until half-past 9 o'clock in the evening, in making further inquiry into the circumstances connected with the death of Susan Nixon, the woman who died after undergoing the operation of gastronomy at the Benevolent Asylum in the month of March last. Mr. J. M. Curtis again attended on behalf of Dr. Warren, the operator, who was also present, Evidence was given by the following gentlemen Dr. Milford, Dr. Wright, Drs. Schuette and Jones (both of whom had given evidence before, but were recalled) and Dr. Cox. As at half-past 6 o'clock there were five other witnesses to be examined, and as there was no probability of the inquiry being finished last night, even if the jury continued to sit, the inquest was adjourned until 9 o'clock this morning. The order made by the Coroner on the day that the inquiry was instituted, forbidding the publication of the evidence, still has effect. In addition to the doctors who assisted or wore spectators at the operation, or were otherwise connected with it, several others were present at the inquiry yesterday, including Drs. Reed, Cecil Morgan, Trail, Williamson, Moffitt, Marano, and Laura. ABOUT half-past 12 o'clock on the morning of the 1st instant, a man named Peter Buckley was taken to the Infirmary by senior-constable Carton and Smith. The man, who was then suffering from convulsions and alcoholism, was admitted by Dr. Moffitt. He was afterwards seen by Dr. Belgrave, who found that he was suffering from alcoholism, epilepsy, and diphtheria. He got worse, and died early yesterday. Deceased had been staying at the European Hotel, Castlereagh- street, and had about £70 in his possession when admitted to the Infirmary. AN accident which, it is feared, will terminate fatally happened about half- past 3 o'clock yesterday morning on board the steamer Saxonia, Coal was being discharged from the steamer into a vessel alongside, and a man named Thomas Brown, with others, was engaged in the work. By some mischance Brown stumbled and fell down the hold, a distance of some 16 feet. He was taken up immediately, and as he was found to be unconscious he was removed to the Infirmary, where he was admitted and attended to by Dr. Williamson. ABOUT half-past 2 o'clock yesterday a man named Peter Borglan, aged 40, was taken to the Infirmary, suffering from a severe wound on the right side of his lower lip, which had been cut down to the bone, and other minor injuries. He had been assaulted at Marrickville, and was brought into the Infirmary by constable Agnew, of No. 3 station, Newtown. YESTERDAY afternoon, while a man named James Livingstone was crossing the Pyrmont Bridge, he fell suddenly, and the wheel of a passing dray inflicted some slight injuries upon him. The dray, which was loaded with timber, pressed on his body, but the wheel did not go over him. Livingstone, who is a sailmaker, residing at Pyrmont, received attention at the Infirmary. He received a contusion and abrasion on the left side. ABOUT 5 o'clock last evening a man named Bernard M'Glade, of Ada-street, Ultimo, had his head injured by the wheel of a vehicle passing over it. M'Glade was employed with a horse and cart removing earth from some excavations. The earth so removed had to be deposited on land at the corner of Kent and Bathurst streets, where some buildings have recently been pulled down. M'Glade by some means tripped amongst the debris of these buildings, and falling, the wheel of the dray that he was in charge of passed over his head. He was taken to the Infirmary, where it was found that his right ear had been torn off, while he had received other injuries. The man did not remain at the institution, but went home. A coR-trsroxDENT of the Brisbane Courier asserted that, as Mr. Lilley was knighted because he was Chief Justice, he cannot decline to accept the honour. On this another correspondent of the same journal remarks :-" Being Chief Justice and a high functionary, this knighthood was conferred, no doubt, on Mr. Lilley; had the honour is one personal to the man, not to the office. Clearly also he has a right to decline it if he pleases. In some of the orders of knighthood explicit provision is made in the statutes for resignation :-' In the event of any member of the said most distinguished order resigning his dignity as a member of the same he shall forthwith return his insignia,' &c.;, &o.; So run the statutes, and only the other day I sawanoticein the G azett o notifying that such and such a person had ceased to be a member of the order. I rather think that Mr. Lilley has made a very good precedent by declining this honour. If her Majesty's advisers will confer honours upon colonists without consulting them as to the distinctions being consonant with their wishes, they must occasionally expect a rebuff. Most men would shrink from refusing an honour which had actually been conferred upon them whether they would or not but I think that we are indebted to Mr. Lilley for showing us that the thing can be done without dis- respect to her Majesty or her advisers in Downing street, who really confer these honours. ' It is perhaps not generally known that Mr. Gilbert Eliott, the first Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, was offered but refused the honour of knighthood, though he afterwards accepted the companionship of St. Michael and St. George, which was conferred upon him without his consent being obtained. Mr. Eliott declined the honour of knighthood because he was not possessed of independent means to support the dignity. He considered that he was justified in doing so for this reason, and people respected his scruples. I speak from a personal knowledge of the facts. As to the general question of knighthoods, I see no harm in them when bestowed on functionaries such as Chief Justices, Presidents, Speakers, and so forth, if the men themselves are deserving of distinction. But as applied to politicians they seem to me to be very objectionable. As a rule, politicians in Australia would, I believe, rather he without them, and I think they would in most cases prefer to decline them, if they were consulted. But they are not always consulted, on the assumption that they will not refuse." ONLY four poor emaciated aboriginals (says the Glen Innes Examiner) put in an appearance as supplicants for the annual blanket, which a thoughtful Government has been generous enough to provide in compensa- tion for the wholesale appropriation of their land. The distribution took place on Thursday 26th May, and it was a sorry eight to see the remains of a once noble race drag their weary forms to the precincts of the courthouse for what one would hardly be justified in pronouncing the semblance of a blanket. And is this the only few who can be gathered together out of that warrior band whose thousand tongues a few short years ago made the surrounding plains echo with their war songs? What a disgrace to our " higher Christianity I" We wonder what sort of a figure Sir Henry or any of his colleagues would out on such a night as we have lately experienced with only the average blackfellow's ' blanket " to fight against the elements ? DURING the months of April and May, the attendance of visitors the Art Gallery was as follows:- A pi 1 Gallery open 25 days) : Attendance, 9135. May (open 20 days) : Attendance, 10,551. ' I'm inUovvitijr is disordered tim musical service at St. Andrew's Cathedral to- morrow: Anthem, " Come, Holy Ghost :,',' BQlpj quartette, and chorus. Attwood, ' 