ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Our political world is in a bit of a puck- er, to use a vulgarism, as I write, and it is difficult to say what will be the outcome. Some will have it that we are on the eve of a change of Ministry, others laugh at the idea of men like Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, Jack Woods, and Longmore, jumping into power with the help of the opposition. I think, myself, that should this new agi- tation to overthrow the Ministry lead to anything, it will be simply because the op- position will use the discontented corner men as the monkey did the cat ; to snatch the chestnut out of the fire. The House of Assembly is very evenly balanced, being constituted of forty-one direct opponents of the Ministry, thirty-six supporters and eight "doubtful" gentlemen, or rail sit- ters, who act at present on the good old rule established by the priests of the Greek oracles, to speak mysteriously, and to give each party to understand they favor them. I should imagine the opposition have de- termined to play the game so successfully worked by Sir James McCulloch in 1875. He ousted Mr. Service in order to put in Mr. Berry, because he knew that gentle- man could not keep office, and thus suc- ceeded in getting himself at the head of a powerful coalition party within two months. This is a good game for any op- position to play, and I commend it to your statesmen who are in the cold. There is no doubt that should the present or the next effort be successful, the opposition or Conservative party, would see power short- ly, as any Corner Ministry cannot stand, with probably some adherents gained from the present Ministry and its supporters. Many, however, think that the present Mi- nistry will hang on for a while, but I can- not see how — the situation is too tempting for the Corner men, who would give half their life to have a portfolio, if but for two months. But our political horizon is generally very hazy, and few people can understand what the future will be. Poli- tical storms come in cycles in Victoria and between is always a period of profound calm, when no matter how politicians pipe, the people will not dance. The causes of the present dissatisfaction are two. The Liberals think Mr. Berry, who, bossed by the Age, has been very moderate, is betray ing them, and the Catholic Liberals are particularly irate, because they say he sold them. Mr. Vale, the attorney, a vile tempered man, with a Billingsgate tongue, has snubbed and insulted everyone, civil servants, members of Parliament, and im portant members of the Liberal party out side the House, and the lawyers in the As sembly long to have bis blood. One of Vale's pranks is amusing to the public, but very annoying to those upon whom they "are played. Himself and Mr. Harriman (that should be Vale's own name) take tbe train mysteriously, and in a day pay seve ral visits to country towns, dropping in un awares upon the unfortunate civil servants. Woe to the C.P.S., registrar, etc., who may chance to be at lunch, or having a glass. of grog, when the attenuated form of the At torney General slinks into his room ; if he is absent when he returns he finds a memo on his table signed W.M.K. calling upon him to explain. These undignified pro ceedings disgust everyone. Regarding politics, generally, I think that a steady disintegration of parties is taking place, and that it will be some time before we will have a pronounced party in power, "Jellyfish" Ministries being the rule for a time. It is strange how tragedies, like misfor tunes, seem to never come singly. Four days, April 30th, May 1st, 2nd, and 3rd, were marked by appalling occurrences, and the city was kept in fever heat. First, there was the wreck of theTararua, which made many an eye wet in Victoria on Sa turday, and kept many an anxious sou) awake that night ; then the determined sui cide of a man at Maryborough, who abso lutely strangled himself with his own hands ; then followed two sudden deaths, the beating to death of a drunken woman by her paramour, a master sweep, in Lit tle Bourke Street, while he was mad with drink, because she had a pound of hi6 money, all his employes being drunk at the time ; the whole ending with a young fellow who had so far conceived a mad passion for a member of the demi-monde after he had spent all his money on her, and 6ke had to some extent jilted him, cut ting her throat and then his own, but in neither case are the wounds likely to prove fatal. We have, indeed, " supped full of horrors." On the 30th of April our great Exhibi tion closed, and now it is a melancholy wilderness, haunted by ghouls and ghosts. Wandering through the courts, I was strongly reminded of Moore's lines — " I felt like one, Who treads above, Some banquet hall deserted, Whose lights are fled, Whose garlands dead. And all but be departed !" The main question now is, what is to be done with the permanent part of the build ing. The Age , under the inspiration of the Secretary, Mr. George Collins Levey, who has been a pensioner on the country since 1868, and has had a fat time of it — he is boss of the Age since Mr. Syme went home — has been writing articles to show that the best tiling to do with the bnilding is to make it a permanent Technological Art and Science Museum, all articles to be removed thither from our present .mu seums. Of course, this would necessitate a Director, at a bigh salary, and where could a man be found to fill tho post like Mr. Levey, who would thus be permanent ly saddled on the State. Mr. Levey is in dustriously rolling this log, but he will find it difficult. Still, as he has a choice of billets, Chief Commissioner of Police, Auditor General, etc., to select from, he needinot be downcast. The Age is anx- iouR to keep the Ministry in power until its protegee is secured his billet. Tbe Exhi bition itself has been a success. The to tal Jadmissions were 1,485,896, and of these 96p,972 paid. At the Sydney Exhibition only 850,480 persons paid, and the total attendance was 1.045,878. The total re venue has been £294,000 up to the close, but will eventually be £306,000. The sple of tickets brought in £45,850. It is Reckoned that in the end, as Parliament prill have only voted £260,000 for the Ex hibition, the revenue will make no loss, )as nearly £300 will be paid in duties on the goods sent here. Melbourne people will long remember the Exhibition, tlie trade and traffic it brought to the city, and the grand pageants that were witnessed i within its walls, 6uch as those who have j | not been beyond Australia never witness- ed, and are not likely to see again for a long time. A touching incident, which occurred this week, is well worth recording. For the past twenty years a pleasant old gen tlemen has been the curator of the Fitzroy Gardens, the boast of our city. This gen tleman, who was verging upon man's allotted span, was fond of writing pretty little lyrics, to which a friend of his com posed music, and his greatest delight was to spend a quiet evening with his acquain tance, listening to his songs being sung, recently he wrote a touching little song, the subject of which was eternity, and in the last verses he alluded to his expec tation of soon joining " The innummerable caravan which moves To that mysterious realm which each shall take frig chamber in the silent halls of death." His friend sent for him last Sunday even ing, to hear the song sung, and all were greatly affected at the close. The singer's voice had just died away, and a stillness had fallen upon all, when the old man fell back from his chair and died. This is a fact, and one that is most touching. Our popular and affable Minister of Edu cation, Mr. W. C. Smith, has returned from his trip to New Zealand, which he under took for the benefit of his health when his wife died, and he looks quite restored. His travels in Maori lauds have made him much lighter, but healthier. Major Smith dropped down amidst his friends, on the Saturday the Tararua telegrams came to hand, just as some were saying he had gone down in the hapless boat. There is a little fun, in regard to the view given in the Australasian Sketcher of the Police Commission, and some wags spread the report that the Commissioner intends to prosecute the proprietors for libel, alleging the picture looked more like one of the Kelly sympathizers than of a Royal Commissioner. The evidence goes on slowly enough, and little new is elicit- ed, and will not be unless it is taken in se- cret, and then the public will not hear of it. A scare has been got up about another possible outbreak in the Kelly country, owing to the evidence Superintendant Sad- leir gave before the Board. I place little reliance on this, although the Government have thought it necessary to reorganize their forces in the district, and send up Mr. Montfort. Outbreaks like the Kelly episode demand a ruler of men to arise in the midst of this lawless people, but there is no evidence that another Ned Kelly ex- ists in the district, while those who know state that the Glenrowan tragedy has teri- fied all the young bush swells of the dis- trict. Mrs. Skillian is now in the city, and so are some north east notorieties, and the papers have been circulating that she con- templates a visit home. The fact is that the poor woman is down trying to recover her selection from the Government, as she forfeited it at the time of the outbreak. An Electric Light Company has been es- tablished in Melbourne ; its office is oppo site the Town Hall, and for several nights past they have been displaying their light. It is certainly uot the improved, kind, for the blue rays are very strong and give a ghastly gleam, while the light, generally, which is more like that of the sun than that of the moon, ousts very deep sha dows, and renders the darkness beyond more profound. But, no doubt, if several of these lights were placed in the streets, each cutting the angle of the other, the effect, I think, would be splendid. The company have got a contract to light the Eastern Market, so we will see how they get along. Another company is to start, which will provide small machines for shops, etc. While on this subject, let me state that, in Vermont, where there are rapid mountain streams, these have been used to obtain the necessary power to light the villages, and to supply electric motive power. This will be good news for moun tainous districts. New Zealand is espe cially favored in this, and should become the New England of the South ; the good people of that place have often more wa ter than they want, while the mainland is perishing for the want of it. We are progressing. A Yankee has bought up the block of ground on which now stands the New Novelty Theatre, and he is to build upon the site a public hotel, after the Californian style. The freshest events in theatrical circles, is the production of Mr. Burnand's "Jeauies" at the Bijou Theatre, the main attraction being tbe appearance of Mr. Marshall, who is now well known over Australia as a most amusing actor in the title character. The play is well concoc ted, and full of smart dialogue, in places smartness forced. It deals with tbe for tunes of a Cockney footman, the favorite butt of satirists since Thackeray wrote his Yellowplush Papers, who on a sudden ad- cess of fortune, tries to ape the gentleman. As a footman, and a woul !-be swell, Mr. Marshall is tbe acme of the comic. Na ture has given him a voice, figure, and face, that act irrestibly on the risible facul ties, if he only walked the stage one must laugh. But Mr Marshall is, as well, a discriminating actoi , and knows how to use his advantages. Of course he could not fulfil the popular idea of a London footman, who is generally a " magnificent animal," albeit a ridiculous one. His act ing in the first part, when he assumes all a footman's aire, and makes love to the housemaid, could not be bettered, but it is in the latter portion of the play, where tlie faithful Mary Ann pleads to hiui to restore her bis love, and while lie fears to be discovered as an impostor by his " no ble friends," and yearns to take Ijis old love to his arms, and return to his hutnble but happy life, that Mr. Marshall displ&ys; bis abilities effectively, and touches other things than those of humour. Tbe way be says " Mary Hann, O ! Mary Hann," giving tbe exclamation a different meaning each time, making it express every vary ing emotion, is beyond praise, and stamps it of the most careful and brilliant school of acting. Altogether, one feels the hap pier and tbe better for a visit to tbe Bijou. The Parliament adjourned for tbe Eas ter holidays to the 3rd of May, politics have not attracted any great attention, al though the Chief Secretary and the leader of the opposition have made public ad dresses. Indeed, they might have saved their breath, for in tlie present position they could not venture upon any free expression of opinion, because every thing is in suspense, and any frank ex pression of opinion might set the two Houses by the ears, and the party whose leader gave utterance to that opinion would be blamed for any catastrophe that might occur. Tlie speeches of Messrs. Berry and Murray Smith, therefore, were mere displays of skilful feDcing, and were j only interesting from that point of view. I Mr. Smith was severely general, and! Mr. 1 , \ . Joseph Jones, who acts as his henchman, could only say that the Conservative work for the past few years had destroyed Ber- ryism, even in the gentleman who gave the political party its name. Mr. Berry was a trifle more candid. He is naturally so, but he has gradually schooled himself to conceal his thoughts -as far as practica ble in order to meet the tactics of the other party. Outside, however, of these two gentle men, there is a third party that is said to be working hard to oust the Ministry. At the head of this party is Sir Bryan O'Logh len, who is very wrath with the Ministry because Mr. Berry left him out in the cold, after, according to his statement, having got the Catholic vote, over which Sir Bryan has influence, by promising him a position, and it is said Mr. Francis, once Pre mier, and now joint leader of the Opposi tion with Mr. Murray Smith. This joint lead ership arose through the older men of the par ty not thinking Mr. Smith good enough. They thought him too young and volatile — albeit he is over fifty — and therefore insis ted that he should be tethered to the aged and moribund Francis. There was another idea in this. . Mr. Francis was once the Liberal leader, and an idea prevailed in the Opposition camp that if he was put for ward it would make the Age and the mo derate section of the Liberals friendly, and that Mr. Francis' presence would insure them that should the present Government be defeated, the new cabinet would not be ultra- jonservative and freetrade as it should undoubtedly be if Mr. Smith was the . leader. The talked of coalition be tween Mr. Francis, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, and Sir John O'Shanassy, must be in order to start a Coalition Government. I am in clined toJjjfor,.all that, that Mr. Berry is too abiJHpus opponents, who in a con test with Tim are greatly overweighted. Mr. Service alone was able to make a de cent show with the Premier. Mr. Berry and Mr. Service had much in common with Mr. Gladstone and Lord Beaconsfield Mr. Berry is an impulsive speaker, very earnest, with a good flow of language, and with the power to grasp a position in a moment. He has also an electric influence on his hearers that is a rare quality. Mr. Service is possessed of a happy, nervous, epigram matic style, and is great in sarcasm, being able to say the bitterest things in the most gentlemanly way. To hear a debate be tween these men was always a treat. The leaders Mr. Service has left behind are but shadows. Mr. Murray Smith is of the " debating association" style of orator, " a nice young man for a teaparty," while Mr. Francis is as tiresome as an old gossip, and can be described in the words used by Dog berry of Verges : a good old man, sir ; he will be talking. ,Aq|. as well does ano ther portion of the' dialogue describe Mr. Francis that I most quote it : — Dogberry — Goodman Verges, sir, speaks a little off the matter : an old man, sir, and his wits are not so blunt, as, God help, I would desire they were ; bat. in frith as honest as the skin between his brows. Verges — Yes, I thank God I am as honest as auy man living, that is an old man, and no hmiester than I. The rank and file of the party do not show any sign of being able to produce any brilliant man. Regarding the reform question itself, of which people are heartily sick, having had. so much of it, 6ome remarks of Mr. Ber ry's would make us almost think that the settlement is far off. He is evidently de termined not .to go higher than a £10 fran chise all round while tlie Council are pret ty well decided npon having £10 for free holders and £20 for tenants. Then Mr. Berry may consent to some property quali fication for members of the Council but on conditions that plural voting is swept away. Plural voting means the power that exists here to vote according to the property one holds. A man can vote for every piece of property he bolds in each constituency. One large proprietor recorded twenty votes last election in different constituencies, and if Mr. W. J. Clarke had a swift balloon he could vote in every electorate, as his father did when the elections took place in batch- es. This has always been a grievance the Liberal party, who maintain that thesH plural votes swamp the manhood of colony. The existence of the systenH led to the establishment of a new try, the manufacture of faggot is to 'say a person who hoIdsjH of land in a constituency, divide|H lots and credits persons of " nions" as tenants. The Colon| once tried to run in thirty of es as voters for a suburban on tbe strength of a few acres. form outlook, therefore, is not ful. If Mr. Berry finds himself of defeat he will undoubtedly throH self into the arms of the Radicals a fight with the Council. There who advise that the matter be remitfH England, but the Liberals will hmdlHJ for that, as they know pretty well Conservatives have more influence in Downing street than they. Tfeus whole question of reform really is aretruggle be tween two classes of tbinkare, those who believe our people can be /trusted to go vern, and those who thinkf that the upper classes should alone be trusted. These two schools of thought exist in every land and are always at variance. Mr. Beny himself/ has wonderfully changed since he entered first upon power, the possession of wbioniias a sobering and educating influence /upon him. In the fierce battles of Ybfefitonewall era, when we were almost on the verge of revolution he accustomed himseljf to violent haran gues, and was demagogical. His asso ciation with men like Longmore and Woods, men who are unable to control their tongues, helped to confirm him in a bad habit. But Mr. Bqrry is a man who . can learn, and his defeat in February 1880, sobered him. He then understood that countries like ours, are not governed by violent gusts of popular passion, that these only occur, as in nature, at long intervals, and after much preparation, that govern ment is generally carried on eqtially and reasonably, tbe opinions and prejcdices of all parties in the State being studied. This has led to a great change on the Premier, and he has adopted a moderate tone in speech and thought The study fid Mr. Berry's metamorphoses is very interesting. 