THE LATE DEAN STANLEY- By tliu death of Bean Stanley England has lost one oi her representative men, and the Church of England one of her most dis tinguished ornaments. Tho son of Dr. Stanley, Bishop ot Norwich, educated under Dr. Ar nold, nt Rugby, distinguished as a student at Oxford, successively Canon of Canterbury and Regius Professor of Ecclesiastical History at Oxford, Dean Stanley had every chance of promotion in the church, but ho reached the position which ho most cared for when in 1S03 he succeeded Dean Trench at Westminster. It is well known that he might have been raised to theEpiscopal bench had lie chosen, bat ho prefered tho Deanery to all tho bishoprics nnd archbishoprics tiint were pressed upon him, notwithstanding the higher pay und higher dignity attached to them. In perso nal character Dcau Stanley was pure, amiable, generous, courageous, a lover of all good men whatever denomination or country they belonged to. Everywhere, and always, he was a true Christian gentleman. What ho said of Charles Kingaley, in preaching his funeral sermon, is applicable to himself : — " Ho was what he was, not by virtue of his oflicc, but by virtue of what God had made him in himself . . . ablo to hold bis own in tent and camp, with courtier and soldier ; an example that a genial companion may be a Christian gentleman— that a Christian clergyman need not be of a separate caste, nnd a stranger to the common interests of his countrymen." As a churchman he was remarkable for the com prehensiveness of his sympathies and exceeding breadth of his views. He invited to lectnro in Westminster Abbey Max fuller, the eminent orientalist, and others, whom most of his clerical brethren regarded as quite out side tho clerical pale ; ho hesitated not to preach in Presbyterian pulpits ; he fraternised with Nonconformists, Wcsleynns and Baptists; ho unveiled John Bunyan's statue, at Bedford; ho permitted tho erection of a memorial to John and Charles Wesley in Westminster Abbey ; lie stood by Colenso, when the latter was denounced as a heretic ; lie en joyed frank and friendly intercourse with scientists, artists, poets and ablo men of all sorts. His literary character shines brightly in his numerous works. When Canon of Can terbury, he wrote his " Historical Memorials" of that ancient Bee. His labors r.s professor at Oxford are contained in his " Three Introduc tory Lectures on tho Study of Ecclesiastical History," and " Lectures on the History of the Jewish Church." Tho result of his tjur in tho Holy Laud, whither ho went as the appointed companion of tho Princo of Wales, is seen in his "Sinai and Palestine." To these must ho added his " Sermons nnd Essays on tho Apostolic Ago," "LcctureB on tho Epistle to the Corinthians," "Lectures on tho History of tho Church of Scotland," " Ed ward and Catherine Stanley," a memoir; variouB essays, sermons and magazine articles, some of which wcro rocontly collected by him in a volumo entitled " Ecclesiastical Studies." His place among tho preachers of the day was high — his sermons being distinguished not so much for argumentative force or pre cision of -doctrinal statement, as for breadth of view, elegance of diction, copiousness of historical allusion and gentle per suasiveness. A writer, iu a contemporary, who heard him in Westminster Abbey only a few weeks ago, thuB descrihos liis nppcaranco on the occasion, and reports tho substance of Iris sermon Tho announcement of tho Dean as a preacher is always sufheiont to "fill tho Abbey" — a common expression to signify a large congregation, but which must actually ho taken to -apply only to that Bmall portion of fho building devoted to public worship. At this timo of tho year, whon the May meetings are in full forco, tho congregations of London arc largely composed of people from tho conn- try ; others come to London for tho boat race, ' others for the Derby Week, making it the one holiday of the year ; but those, clergymen of all denominations, with their wives and families, visit the metropolis and enjoy i a well-earned change during the Slay meetings. This is why to-day there is j a group around the narrow and shabby north I entrance to tho Abbey. We wait our turn to ! shuffle with the rest into the sombre transept, j and find that the congregation havo just risen to honor the opening sentence, the eclio of which, in voice made thin and smalt by dis tance, sounds more like a solemn wail than a manly assurance that if the wicked man turns from his wickedness lie shall save his soul alive. The rustle of the crowd in the transept distracts attention, even ' if we were near enough to hear the words of the officiating clergyman. To find your wayward thoughts winging hither and thither during the performance of such a ser vice as this overwhelms you for a time with a sense of guilt, but it is, I hope, a pardonable offence. Besides, cloak it as wo may, we clo not attend grand cathedral services for tho solo purpose of worship. Tho music, the architectural surroundings, tho eminent men who fill the pulpits — tliese cuter into the attractions which draw us thither. What can one do ? The seats have beea filled long be foro the hour nt which the service commences ; and, while the general confession is being in toned, those of us who have not provided against a " rush " arc wedged together in the transept, to drift slowly along, while the ser vices are heard faintly proceeding afar. At every half-dozen stops tho crowd pauses, while a few persons who are at tho head of the close column near the pulpit are being drafted off by the vergers to occupy the seats, which arc not at liberty until then. Rising and fall ing, you can hear the roll of the organ, and the chanting of the boys and men, or, perchance, the phantom of the voice of the clergyman. What, under these circumstances, so natural as to glance at the time-tinted statuary, opposite which the frequent halts are made. From tho northern door to the south end of the transept is a distance of 203 feet, and in accomplishing sncli portions of that journey as may chance, tho objects of interest con fronting you are many. The very shadows thatlurk 100 feet overhead under tho delicately- groined roof send you back into antiquity — to tho timo when the wild ox nnd red deer hid in tho Isle of Thorns. Dean Stanley dis credits tho tradition which plants a Temple of Apollo on the cathedral site, hut we may be gin with certainty with the Confessor King, and the foundation of tho Abbey "into Domini 1050\. Swift before the eye of fancy flit the coronations of kings, from Nonnau William to Hanoverian .Victoria ; come the conse cration of hisliops nnd reigns of abbots ; come trials, excommunication, To Deums, marriages, burials, — all belonging to his tory and to the romance of it. Not for long can wo thus ponder, for in our slow march along tho transept wo Tiavo passed near the marble monument of Lord Mansfield, and merory flies to other thomes. This is tho last home of statesmen mostly — Titt, Castlereagh, Fox, Grattan, the two Cannings and Falmerston, tho last statesman who received a publio funeral in tho Abbey. But tho monuments of Mansfield and Sir W. Follot, behind, perpetuate the achievement of legal greatness, nnd they are the sole repre sentatives in tho wholo Abbey of tho profession of the law. And after all, it is iuy lot to stand for tho remainder of the service, in company of perhaps 200 companions in tho transept, By tliis timo I am, however, nearly at the head of the column, under the pulpit, nnd com manding a view of the choir, of the digni taries in their stalls, and the fine con gregation upon whom the afternoon shadows, prematurely gathering in tho gloomy re cesses, fall in dim fitfubiess. Through thegrent painted south window glenin rainbow lilies finely tempered, and with them the organ music softly harmonises. Let mo confess that I never can bring myself to care for what are known of chornl services, especially of tile modern class. The haste witli which tho choristers rattle through canticle, psalm, gloria, anthem and hymn suggests an air and spirit of sharp business. Sooner or later, I am afraid some of your readers will deplore a good deal of hcatheniBni in the writer of these sketches, and my horror and hatred of this slap-bang rendering of prayer and praise may be taken as a sample. But that it is rather performance than worship let the demeanor of the congregation attest. Not a score of persons of them all attempt to take part in the service ; if they did they would he stared at, and cortainlv come in a long way behind tho professional steeplechasers who run so merry a choral race in their white surplices yonder. I know the music is technically good, the composers aro famous, and some of the eminent singers of the coun try are members of the choir. But to mo) in my particular position to-day, even as a musi cal display, it is not satisfactory. It docs not fill tho place. It is, in a word, the ghost of congregational singing flitting along aisles, monk's walks and many-arched roof, to he lost amongst the tombs. At last the final burst of the anthem rises, and the Dean, escorted by his verger, passes from his stall up tho aisle and mounts to the pulpit — not the venerable structure from which Cranmer preached, nor the heavier carved affair of black oak from which Baxter, Owen, Williams, South and Barrow thundered — hut tho elegant marble pulpit given in 185!) to commemorate the beginning of the long series of special services carried on with so much success by our preacher of to-day. Dean Stanley looks very old. It is five years and more since I saw liira, and in the interval lie has aged with more than ordinary rapidity. He is but (10 years of age, yet is more wintry | in appearance than many a man ten years in advance of him on the great journey. Always in stature and frame mncli under the average measurement, he now, grey, withered and stooping, seems quite frail, as if a puff of wind would waft him away. The voice, too, has lost its fibre. Though never strong or re sonant, it used to bo firm and melodious ; it is now made husky by increasing infirmities. A great hush comes over the congregation as he gives out the text. There is something in tho small figure, crowned with the black skull cap, and tho classic feature, sasliy, yet placid witli the content of a well-spent life, that I fancy awes his hearers and adds solemnity to the opening words. Bending over tho cushion nnd smoothing out his rumpled M.S. he, as if casually, remarks that ho preached thesame sermon from tho same pulpit ten years ago, nnd would like to preach it " once more." I believo the thought crosses the minds of any who nre thinking about the matter at all, not excluding the venerable Dean himself, that " once more" might probable be prophe- <% 'Mi n nnmnn !a nntBrallinnf. in flip rrnnArnl acceptation of the term ; it is not ndorned with flowers of rhetoric, or illumined by glows of oratory ; but it iB, in its simple good ness and fntlioriy persuasiveness, hotter rhetoric and effective than oratory. It is a sermon that might, doctrinally havo boen preached to any denomination. Yet it is in a way distinctive; such a sermon as you might reasonably cxp'oct from tho man who wrote the " Life of Arnold of Rugby," and who in vited Colenso, at a timo whon Colenso offended the nostrils of nil orthodox churchmen, to preach in Westminster Abbey. Stanley's broad Christianity was always higher than his chnrchmnnship. For this ho is reviled and hated by advanced Anglicans. But the characteristic levealcd five-and-tliirty years ago in his " Sermons and Essays on tho Apos tolic Age " have been adhered to- throughout, and in a brief address like that of to-day thoy are still reflected — generous breadth of view, in genious application of things new and old, and a warm human sympathy with all sorts and condi tions of men. Preeminently the Dean loves to be ail tilings to all men, as every teacher of his class shohld be. I have heard him oil Innocents' Day preach to a special con gregation of children, and right well am I convinced that the little ones heard him gladly, and remembered what he said. I have heard him before an assemblage of scientific men, of literary men, of artists, adapting his dis course to them with marvellous effect. Can any of us, for instance, who listened to those memorable funeral sermons upon Kingaley, Dickens and Livingstone, forget how natural was the key-note struck, and how sustained the harmony that followed it ? In the Kings- ley sermon I well remember liow he argued that liis recently buried friend was what he was, not by virtue of his office, but by virtue of what God had inado hiin in himself — that he, par son to the backbone as lie was, fished with the fisherman, hunted with tho huntsman, held his own iu tent and camp with courtier and with soldier, setting forth the example that a genial companion might bo not only a Christian gentleman but a Christian clergyman. Dean Stanley does not fish, nor hunt, nor smoke abundant pipes, as did the author of " West ward Ho," but in his own quiet, studious sphere, lie just as strongly believes in putting the man above the office. The text to-day is the historical last words of the founder of Christianity — "Into Thy hands I commend my spirit." The sermon does not breathe a breatli of doctrine, but we have interspersed with New Testament warp and weft references to Polyearp, Augustine, Bernard, Columbus (who in liis dying moments repeated the same words), Xavier, Melane- tlion, Lutlier, Boussct, aud glimpses of that modern progress and method which illustrate the onward tramp of science. We have in a unci sermon ot not more than twenty minutes the glories of the world of to-day brought by graphic touohesbeforeus, and are sentaway with Ik- less m that if in the triumph of intellect and the Hush of prosperity we can simply finish our course with the humble petition used in his ex tremity by a greater than we, we shall have lived, . and labored, and learned not in vain. For a man who has written and published so much, who is a scholar amongst scholars, it is in truth a very simple discourse, but singularly impressive. The congregation is mostly com posed of strangers. Doubtless it includes be lievers and unbelievers of every grade, but so long as the preacher preaches not a sound but his voice is heard. The Dean wears the scarlet collar and gold pendant of the order given him by the Queen. It reminds me of the charge often brought against him that he is a courtier — of that other charge, that he is a popularity hunter. I know not, nor core, how far these charges are founded on fact. It is well known that the Queen ever admired the' man, and that Lady Augusta Stanley — the wife whose loss has so rapidly brought the signs of age upon him — was one of the favorite ladies of the royal household. It may he that her Majesty has 9ought the Dean, and not tho Dean her Majesty. In which cose the charge does not stand, It must be remembered, moreover, that tho charges ore brought by mon who pretend to see in the Dean's latitn- dinarianism the plague spots of what they call heresy. In their minds the Church dignitary who attends Non-conformist . college festivals, who allows Max Mulier to lecture in the Abbey, who goes down to Bedford and delivers a speech at the unveiling of John Banyan's suicue, is u uuugerous traitor iu vueir iusiii.u- tion. Hence, while Arthur Penrhyn Stanley is a hero to Low Church and Broad, and . to those vast denominations that manage to get saved outside the pale of an Established Church, he is the rock of offence to ultra- churclimen. And he is dauntless amidst all. In convocation he sets poor old Archdeacon Dennison's hair on end, and is sometimes to the traditions he inherited from his father, and tho Arnold school, standing alone faithful amongst the faithless. . - THE LATE DEAN STANLEY. 