Qfr n SOME DIFFICULTY ABOUT THE CALLS. " Now, my dear," said Mr. Spoopendyke, " let me see the list of ladies you want me to call on. I really don't care to go around much, but a man ought to do what bis wife wants him to do on New Year's Day. Where's the list?" " Here it is," said Mrs. Spoopendyke, fluttering around with her hair in her mouth. ' I wrote them ail out with the addresses for you, eo you wouldn't have any trouble." " What makes you put old Sister Lamb at the head of the list ?" growled Mr. Spoopandyke. " She's got a £wart on her chin the size of a fire- bell, and she can't talk anything but the advantages of egg over stove coal for heating the Sunday school." "But she belongs to the church, and I don't believe anyone else will call on her." reasoned Mrs. Spoopendyke. " She will be tickled to death to Bee you." "What do yoa think Fm starting out for ?" demanded Mr. Spoopendyke, very fiercely. "Got an idea Pm going around like a missionary to Scarry the goBpel to people everybody else is afraid of? Who's thie? What's thiB second name here ? Who's Mrs. Sbklymbretov ?" " That's Mrs. Wolverton. I promised her you would call. Nevermind Mrs. Lamb, but you ought to call on MrB. Wolverton." "Whatfor? What has she got in common with me, except that her bones are hollow? She don't know the difference between a Guinea pig and the burning of Jerusalem. Always wants to know if I didn't think that Sodom and Gomorrah were parables. Is that the kind of list you've made out ? Want me to run around among the old monuments ? Who's Miss Swash!" "That's Mrs. Smith, the little widow. You know she's interested in sending women out west to get husbands. She'll amuse you." " She will if she ceeB me. She'll make me laugh like a hyena if she gets one eye on me. Who'B that yellow-headed eirl that alts two pews in front of ua ? I'd call on her, now." " She'e a ^little chit of a thing. You don't want to'run after those young people— a man of your age." " What's tie reaBonl don't ?" howled M?. Spoopendyke. '' Got an idea that I only care for the tough old people, haven't you? Think I'm a sort of Plymouth Back, don't you? Got any more old landmarks that nesd inspection ?" " I don't care I" remonstrated Mrs. Spoopendyke ; " they're nice people, and I like to cultivate them. They may be along in life, but they can't help it." "Cultivate 'em, if you want to," growled Mr. Spoopendyke; " but if you think Pm going hoeing around among '«m on the lBt of January, you're left. What d'ye want to cultivate 'em for? With your friends and ideas, you only need weekly prayers and an alarm of fire to be an old woman's home. Who else have you got here? Mrs. Sliggonspratt, Mrs. Wonteaslough, MIBB Klmpzf—" "You don't read them right at all," complained Mrs. Spoopendyke. «' That's Mrs. SilvecBpoon, and Mre. Worthington, and MIBB Hemming?;ay. They are'just as nice as they can be." "Are they the three old worthies who howl in the choir ?" asked Mr. Spoopendyke, sternly. "They've got a grandson old enough to be my father." "They haven't," sobbed Mrs. Stoopendyke. " You know better." " Well, most of 'em have. What d'ye want me to call on them for? Got any more old almanacs explbtiug me p Where's the Sphinxs ? You haven't got the Sphinx down here, nor the Tower of Babel. Who're these other pyramids ? Who's Mrs. Upsidedown?" "That's Mrs. Edgerton. She sent you the jelly when you were sick, and you said she was the best woman in Brooklyn. You'll have to call on her for politeness," said Mrs. Spoopendyke, severely. ".I won't either 1'' shunted Mr. Spoopendyke. "The jelly was sour, and she made me pay a dollar toward a plaieter of Pans angel for a starving family out in F/atbaah. Who's this other nuree of George Washington's ? Here, this is a mistake; I wens to old MisB Sohumslook's funeral thirty years ago." • " You didn't 1 You never did I" proclaimed Mrs. Spoopendyke, thoroughly arcused. " That isn't her name either. It's Miss Suhofield, and she iB the best friend I've go«. I only want—" " I know what you want," hissed Mr. Spoopendyke. " You want a few more acquaintances, and a map to be a guide book to ancient Troy. Think I am going to calf on that old monolith ? Got anything here that belongs to modern times ? Kno» anybody who has been dng up within six or eight centuries ? Who's that black-eyed girl in the Bible class ? Don't she hang out & flag to-day?" "I wouldn't look at her," sniffed Mrs, Spoopendyke; " I wouldn't have you go there for worlds. Besides, she don't receive." " What's thiB ?" demanded Mr. Spoopendyke. " What's Mis. Wimpqstvxq got to do with it ? What cemetery will I find her in ? * " That's Mrs. Willoughby," explained Mrs.. Spoopendyke, complacently. •• She's the young widow who recently joined the church." "I don't mind calling on her," said Mr. Spoopendyke. " She wasn't born more'n four thousand years before the Christian era. Got any more like her ? Does this measly list contain anybody else who wasn't the mother of the Chinese Empire ? Think of any more gravestones that haven t had the epitaphs worn off P" " No," replied Mrs. Spoopendyke, coldly; " and, now I remember, Mrs. Willoughby receives calls with friends in Buffalo." " Dod gast your dod gasted list!" howled Mr. Spoopendyke, dancing on the unhappy document. " What d'ye think I am—a ghoul ? S'pose I'm going to prance around among .all the measly old ghosts in Brooklyn? S'pcse I'm going to swash around and eat cake and drink lemonade wjfca a lot of illustrations of the silurian period ? Think I'm going to spend'the day with a lot of articulated old skeletons just beca use they belong to the eame church that I do"?" and Mr. Spoopendyke popped out of the house like a bung, and went next door to see if his friend Tortorthumb knew any mummies of whose history there was some tradition. "I don't care," said Mrs. Spoopendyke, as she whirled around two or three times to practice kicking her train, " if he don't call on the church people they'll be hopping mad, and if he does he won't have much of a time, so he'll wish he was dead either way." —Brooklyn Eagle. MARK TWAIN says he has just received a letter from one of " our fellow savages in the Sandwich Islands." It appears to be a most interesting epietle. One passage runs: " A certain legislator was verymuch put out on account of the recent riot. He was put out of a two-storey window." SOME time since "a car used to go from Wieklow to Dublin, and as the mare was found to travel muoh more briBkly under the influence of a glass of whisky, the habitual travellers subscribed to supply her with this stimulant. Traveller: " Pat,~the mare won't go at all to-day. You rogue, you did not give her the drop." Driver: " Well, your honour, I'll tell no lie. It was an awful cowld mornin', and I wanted a. ohrop meself as bad as her, eo we tossed foe it, and sure I won the toBB." 2 2 1 . 