OUTER HARBOUR. TO TEB HDIT0I1. Sir— As a listener at the House last Wednes day whilst the outer harbour debate was going on, I was particularly amused with the remarks of several members, especially those in opposi tion, notably one Mr. Uoies. Tnlswortny re marked, ' He was not prepared to say that greater facilities should not be given to ocean steamers ; but he would say when the shipping of the Port was nearly double what it is now, the accommo dation was deemed sufficient.' I deny this in toto; the accommodation has never been suffi cient for years past. Only last week the barques Pakwan and Oriana, both drawing about 19 feet, were detained in the Port River for want of sufficient depth of water to get out to sea. This looks like accom modation with a vengeance. As regards the time the shipping of Port Adelaide was double what it is now, I would ask Mr. Coles to say when this was. From my expe rience of about fifteen years' intimate connec tion with the shipping trade my assertion is that it has gradually grown yearly, and is now more than ever it was. The misleading part to the worthy member is in the different class of vessels doing the trade now and a few years ago. Then you could generally see the Pert two-thirds full of ships waiting for months to load for borne, 4c. This, as regards room vacant, gave the Port a busy appearance, bat to real trade meant nothing extra. Mow it is all done by large steamers, that come and go, discharging and loading cargo as quickly as possible, scarcely cemiog within sight of our present delation for a port. If Mr. Oolea waits a year or so more he will see the ships in port still farther lessened in numbers, and the wharfs for sale by auction. Then will be tbe time for onr Government to step in and buy. This will beat all tbe recommendations of the Wharfs Com missioners, and be far less costly. Mr. Coles farther remarks bis principal reason for op posing the motion was it had come to hit know ledge that bribes had been offered to hon. members to support this motion. I would respectfully point oat to this hon. member, bribe ox no bribe, if he is capable of forming an opinion on his own judgment at all, he has no right simply to alter that opinion because he may know of bribes having been offered, or if so, presuming he held an opinion on a particular qneation, and happened to be offered a bribe, he would, according to his logic, vote against his own opinion oat of a large-hearted malice to some simple-minded fool who offered the bribe. I was surprised when he was asked to name the particulars of this alleged bribery ease that he should shield himself under the privilege afforded by the House, and that he should, in common fairness to all concerned, give the fullest facts. Failing this, we can only surmise he has no foundation for his assertions. It strikes me forcibly this is merely a backhanded slap at ? scheme that no straightforward argu ments can be brought to bear against. The Ohief Secretary asked Mr. Fraser to with draw his motion, remarking there was a great difference of opinion amongst pro fessional men as to tbe best scheme to be adopted. This is stale news. Who ever knew two professionals to agree. Their living is gained by disagreement — lawyers to wit. He goes on to say the concessions asked for by the Largs Bay Company, of which I think he is a Director and shareholder, are moderate com pared to those asked for by Mr. Jeesop on behalf of the Dock Company. I will go farther, and say the real accommodation to be provided by Iiargs Bay Company is still more moderate than their demands in comparison to accommo dation provided by dock. The idea connecting the jetty, Largs Bay, with accommodation for ocean steamers is ridiculous. A jetty running oat into seventeen feet of water to accommodate boats drawing from twenty-five to twenty-seven feet, and to connect the two by means of l'ghters, meant a greater expense than the present system, and more knocking about It is a remarkable fact'that almost the last speech: made by the Chief Secretary, when leader of the late Opposition, was in reference to thii accommodation for ocean steamers, want ing to know what the late Government intended doing, &c.; His Ministry has the opportunity now o having this question settled for them by privat) enterprise, without trouble to them selvesf-what previous Ministries have been at their wits' ends to do. Let as aw⁢ the result. Mr. Mattinson recommerds a lengthening of present Semaphore Jetty, he, as s solution. I Bbould like te tee him compelled to do this at his own expense— what he recommends the country to do— and stand by tbe result. Extend the jetty out as far as you will, tbe sand follows, you will soon be well on the way towards bridging the Gulf over with a sand bank. He further remarks all the docks we could construct wonld not bring tbe steamers in. This argument h*s been so forcibly contradicted so many times it is needles* to repeat it. He says if the trade of tbe Port demands it, a line of steamers would spring np that could come right up the Port River. I say never. No steamer that oould oome ap Fort Adelaide River would stand a ghost of a chance in the race with the im mense ocean steamers now doing the trade. Catch steamship owners trying it. Even the smaller steamers, snch as the Afghan, Sikh, and others belonging to Harrold's line stay at the outer anchorage same as the larger boats. Mr. ai&ttin;&on; tavt the deepening of the outer bar would coat more than the capital of tbe proposed Dock Com pany (£250,000). If this statement is within the bounds of reason, what in the name of fortune has the colony had to pay for the deepening right np to Fort Adelaide to the present time? I trust some member will ask tbe question and relieve the pnblio mind, also show what return the Government have hid for this enormous expenditure. This would probably lead to its suspension, pending farther investigation. I understand the Government have bad plans banded them, defining in rough figures wh&t; is asked for by tbe .Company ; they cannot eipect exact measurements and amonnts. It is not likely any Oompeny would risk a large sum of money without reasonable prospect of remnnerstion. But even this is beside the qneation. Tns colony has everything to gaiD by a Company doing it, nothing to lose. Should it be fonnd desirable for the Gevernme-nt to purchase tbe dock in the future this ri^ht is accorded to them. What more can be asked ? This dock, if constructed, settles the two mo«t important questions of the day, viz., accommodation for ocean steamers, and ready mcsM of utilizing all the tilt raised by tbe d refers on the upot, and an enormoas saving annually to the colony on present arr&oge;'.nents. In connection with ths ocean steamers. I would call attention to a clipping from the ifiUar.nia Times in the Etenitij Journal, referring to a trade that could be done throngb onr port as the outlet if the required facilities were given, »U pointing to a grand future in store for this colony. If we can only g«t the Ministers that can grapple with the question in a masterly style, there is not the slightest doubt that a few years bence wonld see South Australia assuming tbe position Nature has designed for her. I am, Sir. &c;, JOH-T*Y SLAPPERCABBAGE. October 2-4. A man from Indiana, stopping at an Illinois hotel, looked at the printed notice in his bed room, ' Please do Dot blow out the gas.' Tbe occopant of tbe adjoining room heard him re mark, ' I pay my money, and Vm going to blow oat my gas if I want to.' 