The Ift'idows' and Orphans' Relief Fund. Tite programme of tho concort to bo given in tho Band 'Hull, Nowia, appears in tho prosont issuo, and it will bo soon that it is choice, ospoci ally in the musical character of tho iustruinontal and vocal contributors. In tho nature of an appeal, tho concort should also bo popular as addressod to a wido district pooplod by a pros porous class of residents. Tho following vorsos aro somowhat apropos at tho prosont timo;— A CUY FKOit THE SnETLAND ISLES. Thoro came a cry of anguish, a piteous cry of wail, From human hearts in suffering, the rudy chook to pale; Flashed on tho electric wave of light, 'Lives lost — a dradeful galo !' Beneath tho stormy wave. Of widows and of daughters loft hopelessly to mourn Thoir fathers and thoir husbands, who from thoir arms wore torn, With brothers, the bread earners, to never more roturn ; Lost ! lost ! — tho young, the bravo. From Foodaland and Havera, and Unst's rock girt bay, Launched forth tho hardy fisherman at dawning of tho day, In sivern trim, with lug-sail set, to share thoir , finny prey, No thought of danger nigh. Tho soa fowl from tho butting cliff, from nest on circling wing, Skimmed o'or the dark -blue wavo bonoath whoro the omoruld surges fling Their snowy crest iii a ghost-like mi&t;, in tho sunbeam's glistening, Liko enowflakoB whirled on high. They cast their nets, thoir lines ore set ; ahwile their labour o'er, Thoy rest in friendly chat, and talk ot the haul they seek to store, With over a wistful glance cast round — thoir last look to the shore, Whero thoir loved ones anxious wait. No sigh nor sound from all around fell startling on the oar, To toll doath rode on his pale horso nigh, on those waters bright and clear, To slay them in their manhood's strength that night — oh ! night most drear 1 Sad irony of fate ! Suddenly, without warning, as leaps the forest fire; Unchanged from his dark cave of wrath, the storm king swept in ire ; Oh, night to make tho hair turn white, as tho winds shriokod high and higher — Sad prosage of their doom. Amid the roar of the hurtling sees the seething wild waves moan, The surging dash of the billows' splash — the wild winds fitful groan, Tho quivering boats in agony, as a toy in sport upthrown, :?'?' Reeled 'mid tho dark night's gloom. They.;leave their nots they toil had set amid the storm-tossod soa, Thoy labour on, unshrinking, fearless, in hope to see Once more thoir lovod ones and thoir homos — ah ! nevor more to be, Both toil and hopes are vain. In vain their hearts endeavour; beneath the o'orwhelming wavo, Beneath the foaming billows they find a name loss grave, Whore man's help was all poworloss to aid thoir lives to save, ,.. Frood from all toil and pain. Oh, daughters of Australia, of open heart and hand, Forget not the poor dosolato on Shetland's sterile strand, Boroft of thoir breadwinners, as sorrowing they stand, Mute in thoir poverty. Go, sond.them lovo's , sweet sunshine to chaso away' tho oloud Of sorrow that o'orwhelms them now, 'neath which their hearts aro bowed, That smiles may light each face again and glad hearts sing aloud , . Thanksgiving o'er tho sea. James -H. Duff. Sydney. 