AUNT 'CINDA'S BANCJH. THERB was plenty of game in the neighbourhood of Aunt 'Cinda's Banch, as we bad been told; but our informant had neglected to state that it was also one of the dreariest places on earth. Far as the eye conld reaeh in every direction lay only prarie, prairie, ^ prairie—treeless and flat, with short, trivial grass, and over the face of it all, that, indescribable tawny blur, peculiar to the outlying Kansas ^plains- The little level river in front of the ranch had no banks, and flowed sluggishly ; the ranch it.elf was a four- roomed cabin of melancholly adobe, flanked by a stone corral, in which were awkward racks and troughs for horses. The interest and excitement of our chases after antelopes, jack-rabbits, and occasionally a wandering buffalo, served to kill time for us during the d»y, but when evening came and we returned to the ranch, tired out and thinking of home, the sense of exile became almost painful. The fact that the ranch was a stage station, where a brief halt was made for supper, alone redeemed it from utter desolation, for this gave us our sole glimpses of the distant world, in the faces and conversation of the passengers, with now and then a stray newspaper. We used to stand watching tbe slow and gorgeous sunsets with a pretty pretense of admiration, when, in reality, our thoughts were bent npon catching sight of the first carl of dust that should denote the approaching stage. The passengers were not always either Kttractive or communicative, but all the same we hailed them warmly ; and when they left, the horizson seemed swiftiy to widen, and the stars to oreep further npward in the high, inhospitable sky. It was at snoh empty times that we turned forlornly to our associates of the ranch—to the landlady, Aunt 'Cinda M'Milian, and the swarthy Mexican mi hia wife, who were in her service. Tha resource was an unprofitable ona at first; but gradually we found Aunt 'Cinda to be a character worth knowing, and you may be sure we left no artifice untried to win from her all she had to teiJ. She was robust, strong- featured, and about forty-five years old; there were streaks of grey in her heavy black hair, a few wrinkles in her cheeks; her eyes had an alert and seeking look, such as yoa see in the eyes of persons who live much alone. Sometimes, when she grew animated, and a fleeting smile came to her aid, we could believe that in her girlish days 6he had lacked but little—say merely a change of mouth—to make her pretty. But it was her story, and not herself, that mainly held our attention and encouraged our inquiries ; indeed, she usually appeared, when recounting the strange inciden's of her history, to be talking of someone else, so free from vanity was she, and so candid. She had been reared, we learned, in the' Boone s Lick country, in Missouri, and there had Aaron M'Millan known and wooed her. Tha memory of her courtship was very vivid to her, and she dwelt upon it with lingering fondness. " Aaron was'nt the purtiest man in tha world, by long odds," ehe would say; " he was light- complected, and had sandy beard, and freckles; but he was jeat as good as evtr they make 'em. I disremember how 'twas that he fust begun keepin' company with me. Ther' waq likelier gals than me in the settlement: Lucy Walker, for one, that sung alto and played onto the melodeon; and Samanthy Pettis, that had money in her own right, an' sech little taperia' feet, an' she liked to show 'em, too. But Aaron an' me, we both |tuk a shine t' each other, as' he didn't 'pear 'e if he keered a button for any o' the balance of 'em. * 'Cindy,' he used to say, * some gals is purty and highsteppin', an' some is handy about bakin' an' weavin' an' sech, an' some is peart in 1'arnin'; but it's the average as connts, 'Cindy.' I'll never forgit that, not it I live a thonsan' years It's the average as counts ;' I oan a'most hear him say in' that now. He used to oome to see me every other Sunday, rain or shine, an' when the' was a moon, he'd take me to meetin', over to the^Cbspel, four mile away. The Campbellites an' MethodiB' used to have anion meetin's there, an' revivals, an' shoatin.' Aaron's folks was Campbellites, an' he leant that way, and mine was Baptis'. Bat we didn't never argy^ about religion. Bless yoa, no." Then she wonld detail to as, bit by bit, the carrent of their closer talks together, as they rode homeward from eharch, or sat upon the porch behind the morning>glories. It could hardly be oalied love-making. Aunt 'Cinda herself termed it "sparkin'," and even that Bounded too hectic for an intercourse that had in it apparently BO little of passion—so small a chanoe of heart-break. perhaps beneath that calm surface, beyond grasp of expression, had throbbed wealth of reverent and tender preference was worth everything else in life— simple, undemonstrative natures so shame the best of love's examples with their unguessed and quiet Certainly, this humble woman, no young, and living over again that dream, still kept her faith, and made royal comfort of it. And yet, so far as could ascertain, her matter-of-fact, Aaron had but once, in all their eourtship, ventured to kiss her. "I'll never forgit it, not to my dyin' day," Bhe said. " It was of a Sunday night, the last Sunday in September, oat by the gate, as he was goin' away. We'd been artalkin'.of things as furrin as could be to sparkin', an' all of a sudden, tike's if he'd been possessed, he put his face close up to mine, and—I declare to gracious, I couldn't 'a' been worse su'prised if he'd 'a' hit me. ' Land sakes, Aaron!' I screamed. An' the next minute I snickered right out. I couldn't help it for seein' how flustered he was, and kind o' ondecided. I vow, I b'lieve he thought he'd miffed me; but he hadn't. Lordy, lordy, it comes back to me jest like 'twas only yisterday." Then she dropped .her head, and her fingers twitched at her apron, as she added,, in a deprecating tone: " Yoa 'ans '11 think I'm soft, I expect; bat I can't help it. I can't forget some things." The tears in her eyes said aB muoh, and more. They were married in time,gwe oame to know, and went to housekeeping; bat they were poor; they had to rent land; bad lnck followed their planting, and finally, Aaron determined to go west with the Santa F6 freighters, many of whom, ones m po"" " himself, had been known to _ — ® B mysterious ngio* - —^um from that bay weU-'—" . — with money enough to " - -proved farms in tbe Boone's Liok conn try. " I didn't etou him about it," said Aunt 'Cinda; "he was alters dreadful got in his ways, an* couldn't be coaxed ag'iu* the grain. That was his weak spat; everybody has one, you know. It was a'most too much for me to see him start off on sech a journey, but I made myself think it would turn out for the best; and I knowed he'd oome baok." Two years passed, however, and he did not return, nor did she hear aught from him, except that he had dnly reached Santa F6. A third year, almost, dragged away without sight or tidings of him, and then she resolved to move out into Kansas, along the route he had taken—"so's to be nigher to him," she told as," an' meet him as he come home." And so she had been pushing on from place to place, through hardship and danger, by the great trail across the plains, until now she could see, on a clear day, the outlines of the mountains that the knew he must pass over on his way eastward. She had supported herself by cooking and washing for the freighters, and caring for the sick who fell in her way, and at length had contrived, after years of "scrimpin' an' dickerin'," as she described it, to secure this isolated.ranch, where she dispensed hot meals at a dollar each, including soda biscuits and the accompaniment of a real table-cloth. And here she waited, watchful and patient, for the trnant husband. *' He's sure to come/' she would say, " and I can't miss him; 'twouldn't su'prise me to have him drop in any day." She scanned the faceB of the alighting pastengera from the stage every evening with habitual eagerness, and yet a trifle timidly, as if doubtful about the kind of reception he would give her; indeed, she said once: I dunno bat if 11 rile 'im to meet up with me •o suddent away out here, an' him a-thinkin' I'm in Missouri; may be I hadn't orter 'a' come." Every day Bome special dish was cooked as he" had been wont to prefer it; the best bed,in a room by itself, was kept always vacant for him; regularly, each afternoon, she wonld unloose her abnndant hair, and gather it into a Ions, thick braid, after the obsolete fashion of her girlhood, and tie it with a scrap of ribbon— because " Aaron liked it better that way." Tbe fact that she had received bat one letter from him in all the long years did not Beem so unaccountable after en^ informed us that, owing to early neglect, he waa "onhandy with a pen," and generally had hia writing done by proxy. In strict truth, be probably conld not write a word. "Bat he knows figgers jest as nat'ral as kin be," she hastened to plead for him, 44 an' I never seed the steer or hog 'at he couldn't gaess the heft of nigh onto a few pound ; an nobody could ever beat 'im a-cipherin' out corn in the crib." She refused, also, to confess a moment's uneasiness as to his personal safety; both his absence and his silence failed to disconcert her. " He kin take keer of hisself anywheres," she deolared, with evident pride, "an' if he's done got hurt or made way with, I'd have some warnia' of it, in a dream or somethin'. But I ain't had's much as a sign in the coffeegroan's to make me afeared. Of course he'll come back. What, in the world would he stay away for?" It was idle to dispute snoh trust, even silently. Not only that, it was impossible to avoid sharing it, and soon it became as much our habit as it was hers, to look from day to day for the coming of the absent husband. So minutely did she talk of him that we believed we should recognise him at sight; iu fact, we felt so sure of this, and expectation came to be so fidgety with us that often, when the weather was fair, we would stroll out for miles on our ponies to meet tha stage and get an earlier glance at the oocupants, hoping'thul to's'py Aaron", Ind*^Illo^baok to Aunt'Cinda with the good news of his approach. Such was ear thought, our talk, as we_ cantered leisurely along the trail one quiet evening, and, rounding a curve, came meeting a Bingle queer, covered waggon, drawn by exen, and creaking piteously! Inside the vehicle lay a man, with pallid face and long, straggling whiskers, who raised himself on his elbow to salute us, and then sank down again with an expression of pain ; near his side slept a baby; the wife and mother sat in front, on a tilting peat, guiding " the critters" with a well-worn Mexican goad. It was a novel sight, and provoked at once both curiosity and sympathy. We forgot about the stage, we forgot about Aaron; and when the baby aweke presently, and put its tiny fiBts to Its cheeks and gazed at us in shy, debating wonder—is if trying to identify us with something seen in its just-vanished dream—we almost ceased to realise the great, far- stretching and empty periphery of desert, a <>hiid was such a godsend there. " Yes," said the woman, as we wheeled about, and rode beside the waggon, with our ponies reined In to suit the slow gait of the oxen, " Yes, I think she's a tolor'ble nice baby, myself. We call her Cutie, but her name's Adeline, same's mine. He named her"—indicating the pale and silent father, whose thin fingers clutched the child's frock protectingly. " Has yonr husband been sick long ?" " More'n a month," the man answered. " Bat I'm pickin' up now. I ain't nigh so porely as I was back is the valley. If I oould only get shet o' these rheumatig, I'd be all right. It's the rheumatiz more'n anything else." " It'e the monnt'n fever," remarked the woman, in a kindly whisper; and then, speaking aloud and cheerily, "Yes, he's doin* splendid now," she continued, "an* don't need nothin' but to keep quiet, 'less it mought be wild cherry bitters, if we had 'em. W'y, two weeks ago, he was jest plain skin and bones. Hie own mother wouldn't 'a' knowed him." " I seed my Bhadder on the gross one day," the man called out, with a grim chackle, " an', it ckeert me." He did not speak again, except in an undertone to the restless child, during the hour or more that we plodded along together ; but the woman wis talkative, and we gleaned from her, by easy degrees, that they had been living in New Mexico, and were now on their way back to "God's country," east of the plains, ,c everla=tin'ly put out," as she expressed it, " with the greasers, an' their lassy, triflin', good-fornothin' ways." She had lost one husband there, "shot by the sneakin' Apaches," and married another, and there Cutie had been born; and they milked goates there, and tied pigs to stakes, and bad no society, and no rain ; and so on and so on. " It's jest too ornery to talk about," she exclaimed, and then went on talking about it faster than ever; and only our arrival at the ranch cut short her fluent and sneering disclosures. At sight of us. Aunt 'Cinda came hurry- * ingforward. "For pity's sake!" she said, and waited to be told what it all meant. We repeated briefly what facts we had gathered concerning the travellers, not omitting the baby, and laying so ate stress upon the man's illness. •'A sick man ?" answered Aunt 'Cinda. " Feteh him right in. An' tbe baby, too, an' the woman—all of 'em," she insisted, and turned to lead the way, marmari»~ ' herself, in a pleased manner " to graoious, a baby I" -» Goodness The eiok rose withfa sadden effort, oat npright. The dusk had tbiokened and the stars were coming out, and the path to the door of the cabin, along whioh he cast ft yearning look, was beginning to loBe itself in the proximate and dusty sage-brush. " I gaess I'd better fltay in the waggon," he ob- served; thfj'li be toi many of ua." A d •hen, glancing skyward, " It's a-goit-.g to be a purty nigbt," he added, and dropped back upon his pallet. Aunt 'Cinda hesitated, listened, fnoed about, and slowly returned. The mother had jnst climbed down from her uncertain seat, and was holding the baby in her arms while she elamsily adjusted her skirts. With a soliciting gesture, bnt without speaking, Aant 'Cinda took the child, and, stepping aside, turned its little surprised face to the stars and gazed npon it fixedly—wishing it 1 were hers, we imagined. 1 Yoa eannin* little darlin 1 ," she said, directly, and handed it baek in the same peculiar, impulsive ; manner. Then' she moved forward a few short paces, and stood, with bowed head, very close to the waggon. The sick man must have heard her, for immediately, almost, he was sitting up again, leaning out over the waggon-side. Her face, as she lifted it, touched his; there was a fluttering instant's pause ; she grasped his hand: " If you ain't Aaron McMillan, you're his ghost!" We hastened to them. She had an arm about his neck, now, and his head was upon her shoulder. In the starlight he looked to be sleeping. "Don't yon know me, Aaron?" she said, fervently; " Oh, don't you know me ?" The man opened his eyes with a curious start, and ragarded her a minute like one amazed: " They told me—you was dead—'Cindy." He spoke slowly, in a choked and wavering tone, and made a motion as if to lie down again "But I ain't dead, Aaron," urged Aunt 'Cinda, tightening her hold upon him, and stroking his temples;" I ain't dead, don't you see ? I'm right here by you, an' a, holdin' your ban'. I come away out here to meet you, Aaron. Ain't you glad to see me ? It's been so long. Don't be mad at me, Aaron, .don't. I couldn't stan' it to stay there, when every step I took I got lonesomer an' lonesomer, an' it 'peared to me'a it yoa got furder and farder off. Bat I knowed you'd oome back; and sometimes, Aaron, sometimes—" " Stop, 'Cindy, stop!" he interposed, with startling abruptness. " Yon don't know what a fix I'm in." But Bhe did know—had we not told her, oould she not see ?—that he was very ill, and weak and nervous; and he seemed to guess her thought, for iu the next breath he said, " I don't mean the sickness; " and then, pointing a finger in the direction of the mother and child, ha added : «* That's my baby, yonder, 'Cindy." He waited for her to reply ; he looked up into her face imploringly; but she said not a word. Surely she bad heard him; did she not understand ? He waited a moment longer. Then he glanced again at her face, again pointed to the mother and child, and suddenly, with woe-begone but blunt and cruel force, exclaimed: " 'Cindy, I—I've—got another wife !' She did not scream, poor woman, nor faint, nor stir. The voioe of the child broke the stillnesB, at length, with a quick, impatient call, like the obirp of a hungry bird. And then Aunt 'Cinda carefully released her arm from about his neck, and turned her bead away, and hid her face with her bauds, and sobbed 1 " 0'u, Aaron, Aaron, Aaron !" The sight was not one for strange or acoi dental eyes, and we retired, my companion and I, to a respectful distance. What more was said we could not know, but they con versed there together for several minutes, the three of them—not agrily nor loudly, bnt very earnestly—and two or three times we detested the shrill voice of the child's mother above the others, as if in speoial entreaty. Our hearts involuntarily went out to Aunt 'Cinda, and yet there was the shrinking mother with her baby, and there was the sorely beset and helpless Aaron also. The stars glittered sharply, bnt coldly; the ad vanoing night made the landscape sinister i c and spectral. We did not notice the sick man get out of tbe waggon, but presently he oame moving towards us. On eiih9r side of him walkei one of tbe womeB, supporting him, and Aunt 'Cinda carried the child. It was a group that Millet would have liked to paint—it seemed a blended part of the grotesque and fluctuating shadows. Their talk had ceased. Their thoughts we could not catch, of course. But as they drew nigh ns, they halted; and in an anxious, coaxing tone, Aaron said: " Remember, though, that one or t'other of you must go on with me to-morrow." The women gave their assent, we inferred, for he added, as if in answer, "That's bracin'." Then they resumed their way, in silence again, and slowly; and looking after them, we saw them reach the cabin and enter at the open door—just as the stage came rattling up, an hour late, crowded with passengers. The supper was delayed that night, but its quality made ample amends. We had never before seen Aunt 'Cinda's table so invitingly spread, particularly as to canned fraita and unsuspected tumblers of jelly and preserves; and there was battered toast, too, and lamps of old-time loaf-sugar for the ooffee. One guest said the feast was good enough for a wedding—at which Aunt 'Cinda coloured, and sighed forlornly, and } they all laughed. Ah, they did not'guess how that suggestive word woanded her I But Aaron was net to be seen, nor the woman with the baby; they had eaten by themselves, before we were called, as was proper, and were waiting for Aunt f Cinda in " the extry room," as she had named it, the room so long sacredly kept for Aaron's coming. And so the merriment around the table went on unchecked. The guests were blameless, to be sure; nevertheless, their jokes and laughter were exasperating; their very presence had the effect of an intrusion. We felt a supreme relief, I know, when it was over at last, and the stage had departed, and the secret was safe; and then we ventured to inquire after the sick man, and to tender our services, should he need or desire them. " He's weaker'n he lets on," Aunt 'Cinda informed us; "an' he don't'pear to have no appetite. I felt so sorry for him, a- tryin' so hard to eat when he couldn't. It was sech a nice supper, he said. I could 'a' cried to see him a-lookin' so wishin' at them pickled tomatuses—like I used to make 'em baok yender. He is Aaron, you know, and she turned from us, rather abruptly, we thought, and left the room. We lit our pipes, and sauntered out to look after our ponies. It had grown much darker. We oould not see the shallow, crawling river. The waggon still stood by the road-side, the loosed covering flapping like som'e great fateful wing; the oxen were grazing contentedly a few rods away. From the far-off mystery of space and vagueness, came an echo of a coyote's spiteful challenge, T>" yellow of the stone , 71 £ dued to the tone A* - - " , was ^ ancient and crumbling rums; io & moment> we as jf we _ e aE to find moss and vines there. Our ponieB lay reclined upon the trodden feeding-ground, and did not so much as prick up an ear when we talked to them and patted them, with accustomed familiarity. In vain we tried to chat of pleasant things, of other scenes. The solitude would not be disturbed; and somehow: the smoke from our pipes, instead ot floating upward, was wafted back into our faces, and confused our sight. - When we returned to tho cabin, finaliy, we were burps-ised, though not displeased, to learn that Aaron was to i-hare our sleeping-room. They had kindled a blaze for him in the big fire-place, and made him a generous couch of blankets, clean and white, with astonishing sheets and pillowslips, tbat were full of deep creaseB, and must have been a long time folded. That bed looked more like home than anything we had seen for months, albeit there was no bedstead. He evidently felt out of place and embarrassed in it; he would have rested better, we fancied, had they given him less of softness and daintiness, and brought him his frontiersman's saddle, with the sheepskin top, for a pillow; a droll hint of the kind came over his face, and gave it a downcast expression. We aimed to avoid conversation with him, knowing how fatigued, unstrung, and in need of sieep he was; bat he talked in spite of as, and regardless whether we responded or not. Indeed, he seemed morbidly resolute to tell as of himself and his affairs—not as one reaching oat for pity, bat rather aB one offering an explanation. We could not bat listen. "I was a fool," he said, frankly, " bat ! I meant right, an' what a man means ort o' be sot down for him. It wasn't my fault 'at I didn't git along down ther' among the greasers. Luck was ag'in' me from the very jump. Sometimes I axed myself if may be it wasn't a jedgment onto me; an' may be it was—may be it was. I was crazy to git rich, you understand." And he pansed to indulge a mocking smile. " Bat I meant all the time to go baok," he continued, " only I wanted to git ahead first. It would 'a' groan' me in an inch o' my life to 'a' had 'em a-naggin' me all over Boone's Lick about comin' home dead broke 8fter all my fine talk about gittin' rich. So I jist hel' on, an' kep' a-sayin' to mysslf, ' Ole man, play yonr han' oat, tramps or no tramps.' Did I think much about ' Cindy ? Well, I rather calkilate my head waB fall of her. That was the pizenest part of it." He hesitated a moment, reflectively, and then, " She don't know how maoh I -hankered for her," he said, under his breath. " I'll never git done despisin' myself, though," he resumed, " for not sendin' letters 1 to her. But I wasn't a-doia' a bit o good, an' I thought what was the use o' worryin* her ? I'd orter a' sent'the letters anyhow; it would 'a' been money in my pocket. I was a-reckoniog I mought start baok any day a'most. An' I did go back jest as soon's ever I got heeled. It was a wood contract, out to the fort, 'at sot me up; it fetched me a round thousan' dollars. I didn't stop to send no letter nor nothin' to 'Cindy then. I jest nat'rally got up and got. . A company o' cavalry was goin' acrost to Fort Smith— on t'other trail, you understand—an' I went with 'em, an' saved a week by it. An' when I struck Boone's Lick, whar was 'Cindy ? Sot out for Kansas five year' ago that harvest, they told me, 'lowin' to come back afore cold weather—an' she'd never been heern tell of sence." He went on to relate, with moving artlessness, how he searched for her all over the settled portions of Kansas and through the border coanties of Missouri, making inquiry at every house he passed, of every person he met, without once reaching the faintest clue to her whereabouts. " I was clean beat," he declared. I couldn't make it cut. It was like's if I was loBt on the prairie, of a daik night, in the snow. She must be dead, they said." This last sentence was uttered in a eolemn, tremulous tone, as if, after all, he stiU half-believed she was in her grave. It did not take him long to tell the rest[; how he returned to New Mexico—" oat of conceit with ev'rything," as he phrased it— and married a second wife, and lost most ,of his money in sheep, and had the baby bom to him, and tried farming a bit, and herded attle "along 'ith the greasers," and fell nto a lingering illness, and at last resolved to gather his few remaining effects together, and go back to Missouri again. " One or t'other of 'em will go on with me in the mornin'," he said, in an absent and weary way, and then was silent. We remained sitting by his bedside fully an hoar; we feared he might awake and feel hurt at not finding some one to talk to. But he slept on BO quietly and restfully that it seemed nseless to wait any longer, and we retired. Our bunk was bat across the room from his, and we could easily hear if ha oalied, we said to ourselves, and we would be np very early. It was then ten o'olook. The fire had dwindled to a handful of waning coals. We tacked oar blankets elosely abont us, and dreamed of home. All at once—it might have been bnt a minute afterward, for all we knew; in reality it was almost daylight—we were aroased by shuffling feet and an intense whispering. We leaped oat ef bed, with revolvers drawn and cooked. A single glance revealed the situation. There were the two women bending over Aaron with a bottle and spoons, and a cup of water, and a camphorised handkerchief; and he was moaning and tossing with agony. He had grown desperately worse during „ the night, , and his complain- , ing had not disturbed us. But Aunt 'Cinda had heard him, in the next room ; perhaps she was awake and listening. She looked up, white and appealing, before we could speak; we understood only too well what she thought. Adeline chafed the poor fellow's chill hand vigorously, and did not heed us. After a time, with such scant relief a we could give him, he became quiet (except for his beavy and laboured breathin S) and we watched him keenly, hoping he would sleep again. But shortly he "was convulsed with recurring pain, and ca^'ed for water. Aunt 'Cinda put the cup to. h* 3 mouth. His eyes met hers; and he said t her, in a strange, relinquishing voice : They told me you was dead, 'Cindy- Then his cramped limbs relaxed, and he lay stilL and we thought he breathed with less difficulty. When he moved again, presently, it was to put out his hand in doubtful groping. "Poor Adeline!" he said. We drew nearer, on our knees, like persons at prayer. His quivering lips shaped a few words more • Be good," we heard him weakly mutter, be good—to the baby." The room became momently lighter; the last of the shadows that had lurked all night in the corners vanished one by one ; a crimson flush slowly overspread the window. The sun was rising. He had gone on—alone—in the morning. —Scribner's Monthly. A WANT SUPPLIED.—Smithers: " Why, Swellington, whatever are you doing with two hats?" Swellington: "Idea of my own, dear boy. In this country a fellow is always lifting his hat. What are the consequences ?—disreputable tiles, colds in th« head. What's the remedy ?—a bowing hat r A BRIGHT little boy who had been engaged in combat with, another boy was reproved by his aunt, who told him he ought always to wait until the other boy "pitched into him." "Weil," exclaimed the little hero, "but if I wait for the other boy to begin, I'm afraid there won't. be any fight." 