" AS A TALE THAT IS TOLD." Bt Kahona. Chaptbr XVI. — (Contihbed). I think often of May Waldon, " tho littlo fair girl," who iB waitingall this time for Mr. Lancoforth while he has been lingering by me and. whiling his hours away in filling my life with dreams and de lusions. It docs not occur to mo to wonder if she lores him too. Of course sho lores him, and, loring him, trusts him. I wonder if he lores her , and thon I think of Mr. Lcydon's words aboat hor baring a fortano left to her " just be fore," and it seems to me that very likely that is her groat attraction in his eyes. I remomber so well ono of his cynical, sententious speeches ono day, when I spoke of Miss Miller and hor ad mirers, and thon branched off to tho subjects of ' flirting and flirts. He laughed in his cynical odd way nt men losing their heads over a girl's blue eyes and yellow hnir, " Fools— don't you think so ?" Ho looked down with his cool, searching eyes straight into my graro face. I paused for an instant, scarcely knowing how-, to answer him. " Yes ; to loso their heads' simply over hor yellow hair and blue eyes." I said at length. " I can quite understand a man fall ing in lore with a woman only becauso she is pretty. If sho is good or clorcr as well, thon hor faco is only a natural attraction ; but not ail, I should think." "Youconld'nt raluo an admiration that was only for your bluo oyos thon ?" I laughod lightly, and shook my head. No, I don't think I would, oven if 1 had tho bluo eyes and yellow hair." Mr. Iiancoforth looked down at mo as I stood bosidc him and smiled thoughtfully. "If you were ono of tho blue-eyed sort, though, you would," ho said, with a cool certainty. " Would I? Woll that's swooping, and rather a general reflection on blondos too," I answered, smiling at his oddity. " Do you think thoy are all aliko ?" " No, decidedly not. They're different amongst themselves, but thorn's a blondo characteristic running through them nil— more or loss. I pre- for dark oyes." Then we had walked on in perfect gravity ; I, pleased in a calm way at his words, but taking them as pnroly an expression of a general taste, and meant in no wiso as a porsonal compliment. I woudor now if ho really preferred dark eyes, and what ho meant by "blonde characteristics." I asked him onco what ho means by saying Miss Miller was " too fair ;" and ho btughed in his odd way and said thore was not enongh darkness - about her — " no shadows" — and I had ponderod over his words without understanding them in tho least. Thinking over them now, and looking at them by tho knowlodgo of him, I bogin to think that he would bo just as likely to fall in lore with a. woman for her monoy as for hor fair faco. I can-, not bring myself to boliove that ho cares really for May Walden, for I picturo hor as Mr. Leyden described her as " a fair littlo thing — not much in her, I should Bay," and, mindful of tho for tune that fell to her " just before" their engage ment, I begin to add morcenariness to his other faults as a matter of course, and I try to dwell only on his hcartlessnos and his treachery, so that I shall not lot my thoughts fly back to the days before I found tjicm out.. From the blanknoss of tho Blowly-moviug days I wako with an unreasoning dismay to find every thing almost ready for Glare's departure. I knew she was going— tho more fact of Jack's coming told that— and I had hoard all her plans and suggestions— answering them too, rationally enough, yet when at last they decided on tho day of their geing, I was as dismayed as if I had never dreamed of it before. "Ciaro ! I shall feel wrotched when you go," Dolly says, putting Iicr arms round her neck and her check against hers. "It wilt be miserable going for our rides without you !" " My dcar'cliild, you'll havo Claud ! you're not complimentary to her, you know." 1 smile absently at hor words and at licr smile. "Yes, but I'm not a companion liko you, Claro," T answer, sighing softly. "Oh nonsense, you'ro n littlo quiet lately— tho hot weather coming on I suppose — but you know very well you'ro tho jolliest of com panions !" " Sho used to bo," remarks Dolly dubiously, " but she's boon so dull lately." "I'm not standing tho heat quito so well as I generally do, perhaps." I say, trying to explain my chnngcd manner. "But thoro is no groat heat yot," persists Dolly. "No," I answer quickly, anddrcadingwhatshe may say before my keener sighted cousin — " but you know ono always fools the first boat tho most, it's the change from the cool weather," and I resolve that I will remomber Dolly's words and bo heedful of mv altered manner. And so tho days pass away, and the day of their departure comes close. Very ofton Dr. Forrest comes over with Thcodoro nnd spends quito little evenings beside the piano jnst tho same as in the old days when Clare sang her pathetic littlo songs and Dolly played tho harmonics of tho groat mas- tors, and I sing ray old songs again as I sang them beforo, wliiic Theodora Btands besido me and turns over the pages, bettor pleased now that Ivan Lanceforth has gone from his place by tho piano. The Melbourne visit that I dreaded so canso- lessly is put olT indefinitely, chiefly through Clare's movements. Sho says she must haveovery- thing ready in town before wo come. And in the meantime I wander about in tho great old garden with no eyes for tho glory of the flowers and the beauty of tho shadows, and dream over my faded bopo3 and my darkened life. After tho first ru6h of regret at tho thought of losing my cousin, tho dull pain had como back to my heart and I had forgotten to think much of hor going or of the Btrangness of the houso with her bright presenco gone from it, and tho ride3 through tho forest without her pleasant voico and merry laughter. Grief makes one selfish, I fear, for I never took any hoed of Dolly's lamenting, always look ing at her bitterly when she complained, and thinking how soon sho would get used to Clare's absence, and bo nB happy as ever, while I went along my path with no relief from my pain. "At length tbo day comes whon Clare iB to start to her own home — her first homo in Australia ; and there is a great deal of tearful bustle and preparation. Claro goes about in a quiet, regret ful way by horself. I guess sho is saying a silent farewell to the different soeaos that havo been made happy for her, and I do not disturb hor. When tho last hour draws near, I go away into tho garden, very sad through all my own sorrow at the nearness of our separation; and there, among the lilacs, Clare joins mo soon after and slips her hand through my arm, walking besido mo just as sho walked the first morning sho was horo. We do not speak for somo time ; wo seem to under stand each other woll enough without words. Wo go along so in silenco, through tho shade of the pines and by whore ray pansies and hyacinths are growing, I stop by a great mock-orange and gamer some 01 lis wnito llowers, and with it I group forget-me-nots and a pink rose hud. "There," I say softly, "you will have some thing to remember mo by," and sho takes them without a word. We walk back through the pines again, and then, when wo are there all alono again under tho trees whore sho and I sat that night when I came back from ICanarva and where I told her that hor coming had perfected my life, all lny deep love for my cousin rushes back to me, waking mo from the apathy of misery with its sudden strength, and I turn quickly to hor and clasp her in my arras with, a thrill of passionate regret. " Oh Clare !" I cry " what shall I do — what shall I do without you " She kisses my sad face and comforts mo with her gentle soothing voice. " Yes," I ery abruptly, in answer to her words. " I love Dolly truly, butshois a child. You are the vory friend of my hoart ! you nro different to every ono else !" And so I rcbol against everything, too fiercely wrotched to shed a tear, and wishing I wero dead, that I could know no more losses. Intomv contented. nfYSHtnnlpqtilifn ImrlnnmA ii n _ bidden, tbo great friendship and tho great lovo of my oxistonce, so near together too, so con nected nnd associated with each other ! I had wakened from my calm girlhood to tho friend ship of anoblo true-hearted woman and I had felt that wanted no more ; and thon in my heart had dawned tho first glory of Lovo, lighting up my life liko tho sunlight ; nnd I had said I was more blcssodthan I deserved, and had revelled in my happiness as a child revels in tho sunshine, nover thinking that tho night may come. And thensuddonly thosunhadfallon from my Bky, and the light was quenched, and how, whilo my eyes are still blinded by tho sudden darkness, I am losing tho friendship that was about mo liko the starlight I \- Hor gentle words lull tbo outbreak of my regret, and I grow calm and quiet again and do not lose my self-possession throughout tho littlo remaining time sho is with us. Tho buggy comes round at last, and we kiss again with a long,' close kiss in silence. She says goodbye to tbo rest in a hurried, choked way, , as though sho could scarcely keep back her tears ; and wo stand on tho verandah'and watch her as tboy drivo away. Frank waves his hand to hor in silence, and with a regretful look in his candid blue eyes, nnd Dolly sobs openly. " Oh, Claud 1" sho says, brokenly. " Tho place will socm liorriblo without her !" fho goes in thon with her oyes full of toots, but I do not rnovo from whore I caught tho last glimpse of Clare through tho trees. Frank passes mo presently nnd goes off slowly. I knowjhc is very sorry, and' my stopmother pauses for a moment gazing dawn tho path .where they havo gonoand then. turns away, saying in on uncertain voice to my father. "Dear mo, lloland, I feci juBt ns though it wero ono of my own girls going away!" Anil my futher answers gravely. "Well, I hope she'll be happy in her own homo ; sho seems to have a knack of making overyone else happy certainly." Then they go away, and I am loft alono, stand ing there with my sad eyes looking ovor to tho trees through which bIio has passed with tho passionate grief g#no from my hoart again, and only a strango unreal senso of loss over me. I cannot realise it yot. She lmd como to be so much port and parcel of my life that it seemed, if Bho were taken from it, tho blank would bo unbear able. I forgot tho others who made tho circle round me beforo— I only feel the break in it now. In the early evening timo Dr. Forrest and Theodore come, and seeing them ridoup my hoart sinks. " How can I go oat and talk to them to day ?" I wondor. It feels ns if it were impossible. I linger long over my dressing, and put on my things in an uncertain way, scarcely knowing what I am doing. I am so long that, at last, Dolly comes to sco if I am coming out of my room. I look up at her in a dazed way, nnd nlin rn.nnnfs what hIip Iinr3 oni/l no ftiminli oKa onm I did not understand. " Yes," I say, vaguely, "what do you want?" "Dr. Forrest is hero, Claud," she repeats, looking wonderingly at my quiet fnco ; " won't you come in soon !" " Yes, dear," I say, sighing. " I'll come." Sho goes away then, leaving mo pondering dimly over hor face. She was drowned in tears the last timo I baw her. Now hor faco is quito calm, again with no trace oftcars in it, almost happy ; it seems to my eyes, only a littlo subdued and grave still. In tho drnwingroom I sit quietly, with no heart to say a word. I look at Dolly as she sits near Dr. Forrest, and I marvel how sho can smile when he speaks to her. Sho was fond of Clare, too, I know. Theodore talks on in a satisfied fashion, and docs not mind my silenco, though he notices it. ' ' You'll miss your cousin, won't yon J" he says, with a little-condoling fall in his voice. " You were such great friends." " Yes," I answer absontly, " I miss ber now." " I know you "did," he says, with a subdued triumph in his voice at thia discovery of bis. " You're so quiet." And thon ho goes on again talking of Clare and of different times when we wont together over toTCanarva, and ho talks on till I feel as though I must cry out and tell him to ho quiet. I stir restlessly in my chair and look over at Dolly, wishing sho would talk to him and that I could keep quiet. Sho is turning over somo music with Dr. Forrest, and there is a pleased little smile in her eyes as she glonsos up from her work and speaks to him. " How can she be so contented ?" I wonder in my own sad ness. I am glad when my stepmother speaks, and Theodore talks to her, and I can sink tack to silence again. They talk of going back early, and my heart sinks again when they yield to my step-mother's persuasions and promise to stay to dinnor. I would give anything to bo alone. We stroll out into the garden while tbolight is fading, and then Frank returns from some distant part of tho establishment and takes Theodore away to seo his horses. I have somo idea that Frank, who has quick sensibilities and consideration for other people, noticed mypalo, qniet faco, and did it for my sake. I turn thankfully as they leave me ana pass inrougn tno uowers ana tne snndows back towards tho house. Near a rose tree I see Dolly arranging rosebuds in their leaves for Dr. Forrest. Ho takes them from hor with a few low words of thanks, and fastens them in his coat. I soo that Dolly turns aside as ho speaks, and I feel my oyes frowning as I look at them. I have no trust in anyona, and the faintest suspicion thatDr. Forrest is flirting with the littlo child-like creature besido him makes me almost hate bim. Then I say to myself that I will watch him, and will seo whether Dolly really thinks anything of him boyond a friend. Ho shall not have tho pleasure and the glory of winning hor heart for amusement. At dinner he sits apposite to her, and I sco his oyes upon ber Auconscious face with a look of admiration in them that makes mo feel less angry, and whon sho speaks I notico that he.turns to her at once. I look keenly into his fnco, but oven in my distrust to all men I can sco nothing that makes mo doubt him. " Perhaps ho does care for her," I say at last ; "if ho does I shall bo very glad." I am glad when they ride away at Inst, and thankful that thoy have not asked mo to sing. ii ueu i-iiujr ai e gouu luiu mo utuers lingering oui on tho verandah, I go back to tho silent drawingroom and open tho piano. I do not touch the music lying by mo, but let my fingers stray over tho keys at will, as I sat idly playing on the night when I sang tho song that brought the tears to Clare's eyes. I think of hor as I sit alono now, and I (vonder whon I shall get used to tho house without her. My oyes turn mechanically to where she liked best to Bit and listen whon I sang. The low chair stands there still, and thero is no ono to sit thoro now. My hands drop irresolutely into my lap as I sit and dream about her, letting my thoughts go back as they will, back to tho night when I stood near tho window and wondered what sho would bo like, and then onwards through pleasant days full of her presence, on till tho day when her words, spoken half lightly, had fallen an my heart with such a strango thrill, and I had fled away from her, and to my room with hor voico ringing in my cars, and wondering bo wildly if ho thought me, too, "a beautiful woman." Her imago and his are so connected in everything, ovory remem brance of her recalls him to me, and they riso to gether boforo mo at every now thought till I am too wretched to bear it in the light, and I steal away through her room out into tho dim light of tho garden. Through tho shadows under the pines I flit along, a mournful, spectral, figure in my dark dress ; tho pines sigh over mo nnd tho flowers shako in the waking wind, and their scont goes through tbo darkness on ovcry broczo. My foot carry me on to tbo scat under tbo trees where Dolly and I sat talking of Claro tho day sho was coming, and wo were so full of doubts and wonder over ber. I pause a momontand look round at tho silent garden, bnt tho pcaco of rerythiug only wakes my heart's unrest, and I hurry on again till i am out among the llowers anil past tho melancholy pines. Along this silent path I came on the night of Miss Milier's birth day when I came with dancing feet, and stood among the dim roses whilo my heart sank within me with the echo of Ivan Lancefortii's voico. I remember every rose that I gathered, and I pass on swiftly and leave tho rose trees behind, anil then I stop again irresolutely, and not knowing where to go to got away from the ghosts that haunt tho garden nnd me. A soft breeze comes swooping across the flowers, nnd on it comes tho faint odor of tho lilacs : I feel it through all the others, and I turn vaguely towards it nnd stand beside the gleaming pyramid of flowers again as I stood that night beforo when I bid my faco in their pure blos soms as though I would whisper my happiness to their white silenco. My memories rise thick about me, and I cannot stay ; I flit across through the shadows nnd the moonlight to the quiet scat undor the trees where Clare and I sat together so often. The remembrance of her comes to me in my passionate misery, falling on my hot racked heart liko tho touch of a cool hand ovor my burning iiiAiw, (kiiu loiiiauvuii u ii wnv giuon uuu iuy Ujy faco on the garden chair and break into a passion of despairing tears, tho first I have shed sinco that night when all the light of the world went out for me. I do not think of the time or of anything as I crouch thore with tho hardness of my misery slowly melting under tho new comfort of my tears. When at last I lift my head wearily, I find that tbo wind has got cold and chills me ns it sweeps fitfully over me, and I shiver a littlo as I riso and creep back to the house. Chapter XVII. In a very little timo after Clare goes away tho regret of the others sinks back into tho old placid calm that had been beforo her coining. If I had been less miserable myself, I snpposc I should not have noticed how things settled back into their old way again, bat would have gone with them and learned to think calmly, however tenderly, of Clare, and after a whilo to gat used enough to her absence to sing her fnvorito songs about tho bouse again, and to go for the same walks and rides as in tho old days with only a little sigh of regretful momory aver her ; but in my own wretchedness I cannot keep her out of all my weary dreams. I think of those evenings that were so blissful to me, and that seem so long ago now, and I always see her in tho picture somewhere. I sco lier bright and animated, talk ing to Mr. Lanceforth of tho voyago out, of tho fun on board, and the delight of tho first Bight of land again ; or, see her sitting quiet and subdued, listening to the fading away of his strango music, and thanking him with earnest voice and largo grave eyes, as he rose and dropped into his com- fortablo arm-chair again, listening to the ap plause about him with impassive face. She is so hound witb all the scenes of those few bright weeks that I cannot think of her without all my misery waking again, and so I cannot get over her loss as tho others do, and go about subdued and sad and always missing ber. They tell mo I have lost my spirits, and I see thorn at times looking curiously at me as though thoy wondered at my quiet face. I hear Dolly sing contentedly in tho garden amongst her pets, and have a vague feeling that she his forgotten as a child might forget and sing in tho honso where some one lay dead. " Claud," sho says to me when sho comes upon me rooming listlessly about among the trees, " How miserable you look ! I wiBh you would try and cheer up a little, dear ; you'll see Claro again, you know, before very long." " Yes — I forgot that," I say simply, and Ismilo at Dolly's consolation. " I'll seo Clare again, of course. " I will see Clare again — perhaps in a few months — "but I shall never sco Ivan Lanceforth again !" and this is tho voice that cries to mo through the sighing of the pines and tho ripple of tbo river. Thero is only one in tho whole house— only one among all those that love me so sincorely, who treats me as though my quiet sorrow were natural, and that ono is Barbara. Perhaps now that Clare is gone, and gone too is all my zest for life and all my wish to go about, aud I sit so long in tbo garden or in my room with a book oa my knee — rather as a suggestion that I am amusing myself and dp not want anyono else to entertain mo than for anything else — perhaps now, I notice' my dear, good old friend more particularly than I used to, but notice with a silent gratitude how sho looks after mo with all tho caro of a mother and yot loaves me alono jusw "UOH M nuuv uv UU IWkK iUUUC, UUU UUl/ AiUliblU£ mo with constantly alluding to my changed spirits. I notice, too, now that I have so littlo to notice, that sho is paler lately, and thinner, and that whon sho does not think I am watching her her face loses the cheerfulness it hns when sho is busied about mo and my comfort, and is subdued to a wearied expression thatBoractimes deepens to one of pain. I seo it with a grioved foeling, remembering how sho is always cheerful before me, and I wondor at times whether sho is ill. Whoa I Bpeak of it to her, she only smiles and kisses my forehead in hor tender way, saying there is nothing tho matter with her only the heat of tho summer, coming on ;and she leaves me apparently reassured ; but at heart uneasy and frightened about her and observant of her always. Watch ing her so, I notice hor continual, unostentatious attontion to my smallest wants, and I reproach myself that I should havo lived for more than twenty years with this watchful lovo abomt me and yet should have done nothing to repay it. "Sho has been a mother to mo," I think to myself. " I havo grown up under her chargo far more than that of my step-mother." And so I resolve to try and make somo slight return for all this true disinterested loro she has lavished on mo all my life. I think of her living all these years with no one to caro for kut me — no child of her own to lovo, and it scorns to mo that hers has been a joyless Bort of a life although it has been peaceful. "But, dear me," I say, reflecting on her calm ways and her contented smile, " I don't Bupposo sho wants anything clso, If I return her lovo I suppose that is all sho cores for— and to seo that tho honso- is properly managed and tho servants don't waste papa's money 1" And so, wisely deciding Hut my affection is probably her greatest treasure, I go often and take my embroi dery when sho is working in her room, and I got gradually to feel more contented, sitting there with her at tho open window, and, under her influence, beginning to feel moro of the old dependent love that I horo her through my motherless childhood. Barbara acorns to liko mo to como, and so, whon Dolly is busy in tho garden or at tho piano, I go away as a matter of course to Barbara's room, and sit by the open window, with my work very often lying idly in my lap, while she tells me all sorts of things about my child hood and about my mother whom I know nothing of. Of my mother she talks in a tender, sud- dened way that tells mo sho has not outlived her regret in all theso years. Sho speaks of hor gen- tleness and licr kindness. Evcryono loved her, so sho says, and Barbara's eyes sparkle with tears that rise but do not fall. " And how did you first eomo to live with my mother, Barbara V" I ask her one day, when wo have been talking of her again. Barbara's eyes drop ovor her work whilo I speak, and sho answers a littlo slowly. She was tired of too me an nomo, use many another girl, my dear," sho says, and sho was always longing to go to somo other country. .My mother knew of this ; sho was a young girl too, younger than Barbara, and sho used often to go to see her when she was very ill at ono time, and they had often talked together of this wish of hers ; and so, when my mother was married, she offered to bring Barbara out with hor as a sort of com panion. She was as kind and good as a sister to her, and Barbara had nursed her through all her sicknesses (for she was a great invalid) ; and when I was born my mother left mo in her chargo, making her promise to be ns good as a mother to mo, for her sake, and then— well then, I knew the rest, how well Barbara has redeemed her promise made to my poor young mother. She pauses alter she speaks of my mother's death, and looks out through the open window, over tho flowers and tho trees, with a far away look in her grave eyes. I drop my own from hor faco, and tou«h my embroidery again mechani cally. Somothing in her steady voico when Bho spoke so simply of that deathbed of some ono that she eared for, and something in her silence, touches ray heart, and I seem to realise more than over I had boforo that she was very fond of that eariy friend and mistress, whose sickness she had soothed, and whose deathbed she had comforted with that promise to take care of mo in my solitary childhood. My eyes soften with this thought, and with a strange feeling of pity for my young mother, dead so many a year ago, and my heart goes out to Barbara with the old loro of my childhood. I look up half shyly into her absent face, and I notico how pale she looks, and feel a vague desire to do something to show her that her lore of twenty years has not been all thanklessly re ceived. " Sho has no one in the world to think of but me," I muse. " How strango and barren it seems." Of course twenty years and moro's absence had weakened and broken most of the old tie3 of her family. Her fathor and mother had died, years ago, and tho riotous children had grown up into men and women ; rough, I suppose, like their parents. I say this to myself in a wondering sort of way. " Rough," I think again, and it seems unnatural to think of a sister or brother of this quiet, refined woman being rough. l suppose to them the sister who came out to Australia is nothing hut a name now — no one in England can remember licr. My train of thought is interrupted by tho arrival of Dolly, who comes singing through the garden and stops at the open window, leaning on the sill with her hat on one side and an earthy garden trowel dangling in over her lap. " Well," sho bogins, regarding ns for a moment or two. "Having one of your quakcr after noons ?" "Just yo« kcop that trowel of yours off my work," I return, rousing myself to answer her cheenfully, and putting aside the offending im plement from whore it hangs over my embroidery. " Whathave you been doing ?"I go on, lookingup into her face. " Oh, nothing particular, only doing a little work among tho pansies— como and seo tho new ono that's just open.' "Is thore a new one 5" I say. " Yes, come and seo it." So I roll up my work snd put on a shady hat, and iu a fow minutes I am quite interested in tho flowers, and in tho work Dally has been doing amongst them, and I feel glad that I have come. 