Congregational Union of Queensland. The opening services in connection with this union were held last night (Monday), in the Congregational Church, Ipswich. There was only a moderate attendance of members and adherents of the denomination. The Rev. T. J. Pepper, as acting president, conducted the pre- liminary devotional services, which extended over one hour, and in which he was assisted by the Revs. E. Greenwood, Whitehead, M. Dixon, and M'Naught. The Rev. T. J. Pepper, in resigning his acting presidency, expressed his pleasure at the fact that the Rev. E. Griffith had been induced to once more assume the presidency. The Rev. E. Griffith, in delivering the open- ing address, spoke as follows :.-" Dr. D'Aubigne, author of the history of the Reformation, once being called upon for an address at a meeting of the English Congregational Union, more than thirty years ago, dwelt much upon the fact that to English Congregationalists there was attached a noble history - of struggles, triumphs, ex- ploits, and endurance which the men of that generation ought to feel, as by it an obligation was laid on them to act as worthy descendants of such noble sires. We, though deeply feeling the want of interest taken in our denomination to-day, fully endorse those utterances, and feel the truth of Macaulay's words, that ' those who take no interest in the study of the history of the nation will do nothing towards adding a page to that history.' Brethren, we to-day. are connected with a history of which I venture to remind you in connection with our colony and our churches. On the 15th October, 1861, the Queensland Congregational Union was formed. We had then three churches in the colony. The first meeting was held in Brisbane. Of the delegates and ministers then present four have passed away and two are present to-night. The union has thus completed its twentieth year. The objects sought at its formation were wide, and intended 'not only to meet what was possible at the time, but might be requisite in the future.' These objects are now expressed in our rules, and at the first meeting held it was resolved that a petition to Parliament on the Education question be prepared by the secretary. Danger was apparent in those early days from the same ecclesiastical source as that which threatens it still, and then, as now, the necessity existed for taking firm action, even though by doing so we should be exposed, as we were, to the charge of being 'political.' It was not that we, as Christians and Congregationalists, made the matter political, but it was so made by the party which to-day is employing every means to gain supremacy ; and we should have been truant to our principles, recreant in duty to our Lord and Master, if, through fear of reproach, as being political, we had held our tongues or stayed our hands. Reproach, if indeed it were such, we were ready not only to bear but to glory in. The formation of the union at that date was thought to be premature, the assistance offered was small, and the purposes designed were often unaccomplished ; but we can look back without a blush. We see results far beyond what our present numerical strength might have ex- pected. At the first committee meeting steps were also taken to provide the means for a start at Rockhampton, also to incorporate the union under the Religious, Educational, and Charitable Institutions Act. This Act had been closely watched in its passage through the Legislative Assembly by the president, who succeeded in getting a clause introduced that prevented the acquisition of property from dying penitents in extremis. Under tbe operations of that Act, land is now held in various parts of our colony, and in more than one instance has property been preserved from alienation. The progress of the union during these twenty years has been interesting, but the committee have been ham- pered by want of means, as the treasurer's reports too truly showed. There are yet many spots unoccupied which we should hold as a de- nomination. From the first it was our rule not to enter on ground in thinly populated localities already occupied by Evangelical Christians. Starting with three churches, we have to-day to report that regular services are maintained in upwards of forty places outside preaching stations. Our obituary tells of the loving, clear thinking, logical Drane ; of the hard-working, much-suffering Draper ; of the short-lived, but holy and earnest, Schofield and Selway ; and of removals from our diaconate of R. Cribb, jun., B. Cribb, G. Reading, R. Bourne, and H. Keid. From my outlook I see breakers ahead, but they are similar to those already encountered. There may be, and I think there is, an intensity about some of them to-day, that in some respects has never been surpassed. This only bids us to be increasingly circumspect, for in every difficulty there is risk, either of over-estimating or under-valuing its strength, and our powers of resistance. Congregationalism requires that its adherents should be spiritually minded. The management of the Church being within itself, and the admission thereto based on a state of heart rather than on a condition of mind, recognises this position. There are modes adopted for the advancement of some denominational interests which we cannot stoop to imitate and be consistent with our principles. It is not by sensational advertise- ments, nor by appeals to passion, that we dare, in accordance with our principles, aim to advance a kingdom whose Sovereign did not lift up, nor cause to be heard, His voice in the streets. With some of the advertisements in reference to re- ligious services I feel not merely amazed, but shocked. These plans are attractive, and the plea is that they are justifiable because good may come out of them. The feelings are excited at the expense of the intellect and the soul, and the spirit of continued perseverance in well-doing is given up for a spirit which has been described as 'one of ever starting and never reaching, ever repenting and never ceasing to offend.' Instead of steady walk there is the 'hop, skip, and jump,' and the results are ephemeral - like Jonah's gourd, there is a springing up in a night and a perishing in a night. The want of persistency in the good old paths, the apparently increasing disposition to be wiser than the Great Teacher himself, we must deal with as wise master builders and good stewards of the Gospel of Christ. With us, Jesus in His majesty, as the alone Saviour, as the constant helper, as formed in the heart, as the life and the light, must be all our theme. Whilst thus persistently keeping in mind that we are pledged to maintain the truths entrusted to us in reference to man's ruin by sin, his redemption by the obedience and death of Jesus, and his renewal by the power of the Holy Ghost, we must at the same time persistently declare that Christ taught no system of theology, but declared that the reception of Himself was religion, and the rejection was irreligion. He was himself the Gospel, the way, the truth. Our great aim must be thepromotion of that spiritual life which is at tainable by sitting at the feet of Jesus and teaching our hearers that he defined the qualification for admission to His Church, and rule in it, to be a childlike spirit without which none could enter his king dom. There are difficulties in our way, arising from our constitution, which provides that each Church should be a separate body. We do not possess the bond so strongly found in Con nexionalism, nor in the powers which are found in a Synod , neither do we rely on any 'ism ' or nationality, nor use either the one or the other as a lesson why our fellow-colonists should join themselves to us." After several other re marks in the same strain, the rev. gentleman concluded as follows:-' We- must be true to ourselves. Consistency is not to be regarded as the jewel we put on over our ordinary dress, though an ornament it may be, but it must be esteemed by us as a necessary article of our dress, the absence of which leaves us as Christians un clothed. Brethren, our strength is in the Lord alone, our glory is in His truth, God forbid that we should glory anywhere else. Let us as we review our past in this colony, meekly and earnestly fall down before Him, invoking a larger baptism of His holy spirit, so that in our future we may be less worldly, more earnest, and more sucecssful, and give Him greater praise." The meeting was closed by singing and the president pronouncing the benediction. 