AN HISTORICAL ACCOUNT op the RISE, PROGRESS AND SUPPRESSION OF THE REBELLION In the County of Wexford, IN THE YEAR 1798. AM ACCOUNT OP THE AUTHOP.'s CAPTIVITY AMONG THE REBELS, AND HIS MERCIFUL DELIVERENCE ' OUT OF THRR HANDS! On our entering the prison, the gaoler took down our names, and then we were conducted into the hack-yard. Here I washed my feet at the pump, which afforded me some relief ; after which I lay down before the sun to take a little rest. I had not been long thus, when a gentle- ' man who. knew me, and was also a prisoner, brought me to his cell, and gave me part of his dinner, which I thought the sweeteBt I had ever tasted. Another in the evening, gave me a share of hiB ; thus the Lord dealt kindly with me. The gaol is a very Btrong building ; and I believe it never had such a number of inno cent inhabitants before. No person was con fined here but Protestants ! and their religion alone was their crime ! There were men of very genteel circumstances shut up in this prison; 'the. rebels at the same time doing what they pleased with their property. Here it was, I hod the hardest trial of all ; being forty-eight hours without eating anything, save potatoes and water — my bed at night was the floor. The prison at length became so crowded, that the rebel committee, otherwise the " committee of public safety," thought it expedient that some of us should be sent to the market-house ; for as the weather was intensely warm, they were afraid it would breed an infection. Some may conclude from this, that they did not wish the death 'of tho prisoners ; in answer to which, I shall declare what I heard one of their captains say, "That it was their intention to keep us safe till they should see the event of the war ; for if victory declared in favour of the King's forces, they might hope for pardon if our lives were spared, but on the other hand, if thoy should put us to doath, they could expect no mercy for themselves." Many of my follow prisoners who were appointed for the market- house, were making application to .the members of the committee, to be left in gaol ; for the lower order of the people were so blood-thirsty, . that they could hardly be kept by their leaders from bursting into the prison, and murdering all the prisoners, who indeed looked upon their fate as inevitable. It was truly shocking, to hear their tumultnous noise at the prison door, when striving to force their way in. Was not this a time to look for a hiding place in the Son of Man ? The gaol being much stronger than the market-house the prisoners would much rather have stayed in it, than be removed, but in this they could not be indulged, for some must go. Any person wishing to stay should make appli- ' cation to William Kearney, who superintended the former place of confinement. I was ap- ' pointed with 47 others, to go to the markot-house lor I did not seek to stay, knowing it could not be worse with me ; and as for my life, I saw it was in the Lord's hands, and that not a hair could fall without his permission. So we were brought to the market-house, and a guard placed : over ub. While here I had such agonizings of mind, for the future prosperity of Zion as I never felt before. We were now allowed plenty of straw to lie on, and were better served with provisions than iii Gorey or in the gaol. At night when my fellow prisoners were preparing for sleep, - 1 asked them to kneel down that I might pray with them ; the guards on hearing this were so enraged, that they swore they would send a brace of balls through me, if I attempted it again. . This menace so intimidated the prison ers, that they could scarcely be prevailed upon to join in prayer for some time. Nevertheless, they had my silent breathings. In the morn ing one man said to me, " if your tongue had been Let ween my teeth last night, I would have bit 'it off." I asked him why? he replied, " you are going the way to have us all murder ed."'; No,', said I,; but I am going the way to have you all preserved, " l?or now is the time to cry to the strong for strength." We were now given to understand that all the people in Wex ford,: and its vicinity bad turned Papists, and that if we.did not follow their example, there was no probability of our escaping death. In the. evening one of the guards coming to the door, ordered out the methodist preacher, (as he called me,) I instantly came out, (not- indeed without; apprehensions,) and enquired his business with me; he then told. mo he wanted to know what sort of doctrine we preached — I spolce as plain, to his understanding as I could, and. explained repentance and remission of sins, and the impossibility of entering Heaven without it. We were now joined by many of the guard, who. wished to know if I would turn, Roman Catholic, I told them not; for I knew too' well the liberty wherewith Christ had made mo ..free,-; and' was resolved to stand fast in it ; and that if they were' now going to take me to the mouth of the cannon for the truth, I would seal the testimony of my Redeemer with ray blood, for through His, grace, I would not deny H'm that never denyed me, I said much more, and , I bless God for the strength He gave me at a time when -they called me out to kill me,, which would have been the oase,; had not the ; Lord inclined the heart of the man who ordered me out, to ask me several : questions of this kind before he . would : take me down stairs for the purpose of, shooting , me. Just us I was con cluding, the officer of the guard came up. It appeared to me, he thought his men were engaged in a friendly conversation with me, for he appeared very angry, and asked how dare they presume, te converse with any of the prisoners ; .I was then ordered in, and thus by .the mercy of God escaped death this time also. Great were the trials of faith I had of this ; nature— Oh ! how good is th6 Lord ! . ; On the 19th and 20th days of the month, I thought , deliverance near, (notwithstanding I heard thoy were endeavouring to come and > murder us in the night,) so I picked with a pin bit the walls of my prison, on the door and window ca3e3 " Salvation," and " Salvation, oh ! the joyful sound ! 19th of June, 1798," and every time I cast my eye upon it, it afforded me real oonsolation. On Wednesday evening, June the 20th, we' saw a great crowd of tho rebels coming up to the market-house : we all thought there was danger near then indeed, every one made use of the last, shift, namely prayer, even the very men that were afruid to let me pray with them, now felt the necessity of praying for themselves, and no doubt were sorry enough that they had not prayed more all their lives. Fearing I should be taken for a military man, (as in that case death was certain,) I took the soldier's coat they gave me at Gorey, hid it under the straw, and putting on a surtout which a friead lent me while in gaol, I knelt down to pray to God for - assistance, being resolved, not to look behind me, nor stir for all their calling, till they should' come to me and signify it was me they meant, and then to go without hesitating. While thus engaged with the Lord they came in, and took away for the slaughter 14 of my fellow prisoners. After they went out, we enquired of the guards what they were going to do with them ; they told us "to try them," — others said "to take them to camp." Then they came back and took 10 more ; while they were butchering these, a woman came in crying, andjtold us that thoy had taken several prisoners out of the gaol, piked them on tho bridge and threw their bodies into the river ; that they were now torturing those taken from among us, and that we were all to be murdered in like manner. Now indeed we saw what was before expected ; I endeavoured to impress on their minds the necessity of making good uso of the little time they had. I then prayed earnestly with them, and all seemed resigned to the will of God. They soon came back again. I was tilled with a kind of indignation which I cannot describe, (but not anger,) and told tho guards that the blood of the innocent would cry to Heaven's eternal thr me for vengeance, and that the Lord would surely scourge them witi the rod of His wrath, and make them as a monument of vengeance, and a proverb to the generations yet unborn. They instantly withdrew. 1 believe conviction . of their guilt smote them. The executioners then came in and took out 18 more ! I being one of the number, a young man laid his hand on my shoulder, and desired me to come along with them; I obeyed, but before they took us out, I reasoned with them strongly on the inhumanity and wickedness of murdering harmless men in cool blood, merely because they were not of their persuasion. It was all to no purpose, we were led out, and marched to the bridge, two and two, guards before and behind, and on each side. They were teasing us on the way to bless ourselves— they would shout through the streets as we passed on, " why don't you say your prayers ; bless yourselves before the Devil gets you — you will be in Hell's flames in a few minutes." One of them came to me, and asked me "can you bless yourself?" I replied not, but I can pray to God to bless me, and you can do no more. Some of the prisoners asked for the olergyman, as they wished to see him before they died; the guards told them they should get him. I not thinking they meant the priest, and recollecting that their was an English clergyman in gaol, a Mr. Wilson, and wishing to receive the sacrament, told them I would wish to get the minister also. Hereon several of them shouted out, " oh ! boys here is Taylor the preacher from Ballycanow wants a minister. Pike him, pike him, at any rate," was instantly the cry. They would hardly let me go to the bridge, they so thirsted for my blood. When we arrived there, we kneeled down to commend our souls to God ; they piked six in the most horrid manner, and. threw them over the bridge. One man in his torture jumped into the river, where they shot him. While these were torturing, I thought I would surely be one of the next, as there was only one between me and death, when the Lord appeared in our behalf, by sending Mr. Gorrin, parish priest of Wexford, to rescue us. When he came to the place of execution, he exclaimed, "oh! what is it you are doing, desist from shedding innocent blood, there has been too much of that already : you have lost your cause, and for God's sake shed no more." On which these inhuman monsters exclaimed, "They are all b Orangemen, we will pike them, for this is the way they would serve us, if they had us in their power." Mr. Corrin then took off his hat, and entreated them to desist, bat in vain. I thought he would not be able to prevail. When he saw their determination, he requested them to kneel down, and pray for the souls of the poor prisoners, before they would kill any more of them ; they obeyed, and when he had got them in the attitude of devotion, now said he, " Pray that the Lord Jesus, may give you to feel that mercy for them, which you expect from Him, in the hour of death, aud in the day of. judgment." They at length consented to ' spare ua a while longer. He then led us away, and as he was coming by me, I stood up and kissed his hand, saying, "Blessed are the merciful for they shall obtain meroy;" On our return we met that tyrannical rebel, Thomas Dixon, who anxiously desired to. know why we were brought back? Mr. Gorrin told him, he had begged iis off for the present. Dixon; was very much displeased with. Mr. Corriu, and intir mated that he would yet have satisfaction of us every man. ' " . In this oritical juncture, as our church most beautifully describes, ' ' The peace of God which passeth all understanding, " kept my heart and tniud in the love and knowledge .of God, and the blessing of God Almighty, the Father, the Scin, and the Holy Ghost, was with me of a truth. 1 thought long before this I should hear the Harperh harping with their Harps, and see the face of Him whom my soulloveth, without a veil between ; but my warfare in this vale of tears is not yet, over, therefore I need the pray era, of the children of God,, to keep me with- out spot or blemish against the appearing of the Son of Man. When we were brought back, I wept from the fulness of my heart, and prayed for them not withstanding' their thirsting after my blood. The Lord was my deliverer ; but tho poor old than . that could have bit my tongue off, was shot on the bridge, the memorable 20th of June. Out of the 48 of us that were in tho market- house, only 13 were left ; and as they did not think it worth while to keep a guard over so few, they brought us back to the gaol ; but took the greatest care to have the door and yard well secured. I passed a very restless night, till at the dawn of day, when to my surprise, I felt the floor and foundation of the prison shake ; starting up to know what it could be, I beard the roaring of cannon. 1 concluded there must be an engagement, and knowing that the rebels had many Meld-pieces, I was greatly afraid it was only a few soldiers who had come from Rosb, or elsewhere to engage them ; and that they would be driven back by the infinitely superior number of the enemy. Tho doors being locked and bolted, I could not get as I desired to one of the upper cells, where a few religious friends were confined, that we might wrestle with the Lord in prayer for the success of . h|s Majesty's arms. But though I could not get among them, I prayed by myBelf, while those that were in the cell with me, were fast : asleep. I afterwards heard that my friends in the upper cell, on hearing the cannon, betook themselves to prayer also for a blessing on his Majesty's arms. Our lives were now in Joe- pardy every moment, for all the town was in the greatest confusion, and many of tho most blood- thirsty, wanted to murder us, (before the arrival of the arm;) for their various defeats ; but though they raged, God sat above the water- floods, and confounded their devices. I cannot describe the feelings of my soul, when news came in that the rebels had retreated that the King's army were coming into town, and that the English colours were hoiBted at the qnay.' I could not paint the transports of the people that were liberated. There were the most delightful scenes, and the most foeling I ever saw — young women ' coming into prison, embracing their fathers, brothers, friends, and all weeping together for joy. It could not but affect me — it appeared to be so solemn a time, so sacred, and so acceptable in the Bight of the Lord. About five in the evening, I believe the army came in, opened our prison doors, and set us free. Now we tasted the sweets of freedom, and we gave them a hearty cheer ; then went to the house of Mr. William Gurley, where a few of the most serious in town, assembled iand snng : . I'll praise my Maker while I've breath, And when my voice is lost in death, Praise shall employ my nobler powers, My days of praise shall ne'er be past, While life and thought, and being last, Or immortality endures. Happy the man whose hopes rely, On Israel's God, He made the sky, And earth and seas with all their train : His trnth for evorstands secure, He saves the oppress'd, He feeds the poor, And none shall find His promise vain. The Lord poura eye-sight on the blind, The Lord supports the fainting mind, And sends the labouring conscience peace : He helps the stranger in distress, The widow and the fatherless, And grants the prisoner sweet release. I'll praise Him while He lends me breath, And when my voice is lost in death, Praise shall employ my nobler powers : My days of praise shall ne'er be paBt, While life, or thought, or being last, Or immortality endures. We then kneeled down and returned thanks for our delivery, and afterwards we went out about the town. I and two more by Lord Kingsborough's directions, took up all the arms, guns, swords, pistols, bayonets and pikes, in the Southward of the town ; whilst his Lordship sent others to the North, East and Westwards, to bring in the rest ; and the next morning, we got many pikes, the handles of which we broke and burned. Thus by the blessing of God our delivery was wrought and obtained on the 21st of June 1798. On Sunday the 24th, I went to church, and once more offered my praises in the sanctuary of the Most High ; the morning prayer and the Psalms werejvery applicable to the time, the congregation wept much before the Lord our God, in gratitude for their return to his honse, from which thoy had been exiled three weeks and three days. Now, Oh ! Lord God most holy, Oh ! God most mighty, most gracious and merciful Father, let thy divine blessing rest on these nations — let thy word ran and be glorified amongst us, and make ns a church and people whom thon wilt delight to bless. Bless all great men and make them good men ; and all poor men, and make them holy. Make us all faithful subjects to our King, and he and us faithful unto thee, and bring good out of this evil for Jesus' sake. 'Amen. . , George Taylor. Dublin, July IS, 1798. V .. V.'.; . THE END. 