A GHOST AT NOONDAY. (From the Pall Mall Gazette .) We have received the following extraordinary narrative from a correspondent for whose good faith and professional acuteness of observation we can vouch. He substantiates hjs story with full details of dates," names, arid "places, which, however, for tho sake of tlie Htirwvars,. lie. does not wish to be published. Witiio.ut any further preface, we lay his letter before our readers . As my wife and I were sitting 8 fc breakfast with a guest, whom I will call Mr. A. then on a. visit for the first time to our house and- neigh bourhood — our maid-servant passed- out of .the.. room on her way to the kitchen- - As she closed the door Mr. A. startled me by saying,. " I saw the spirit of .a man following that woman, who-as lie passed, said distinctly in riiy 'hearing,- '.Go. J. judgeth.not as man judgeth. I am !iniiocent of the murder for which I "have beeifjiangeli. I was there but I did not strike-vthe blo\y.'" " What is it like ?" I asked. He replied by de scribing a young Irishman,- whom I recognised nt once as the husband of inyvdomestic, who a" year or two before had been -executed pri ! a charge of murder. Mr. A., a complete stranger to the "locality, had only met ; me for the first time two dais before, and he was totally igrior! ant of the crime in which my servant, was so deeply interested. For obvious reasons tlie sub ject was never alluded to in our household, where the widow was regarded witli feelings of sym pathy, which led us to avoid as much as pos sible all reference to her husband's' fate. I bad previously good reason to doubt whether the the evidence- against hiin justified his execution. He had died protesting his. innocence. His wife and friends were firmly convinced that, al though he - had been in the -fight, it was not by his hand that the fatal, blow was. dealt'. In addition to this, I had good reason to believe that the real murderer was at large. ! You can easily imagine my astonishment when Mr. A. thus suddenly ventured upon forbidden ground, and abruptly declared that the spirit of.a man who bad suffered tho penalty, and whose per sonal appearance exactly coincided with , that of the unfortunate Irishman, was actually fol lowing the servant about the house proclaiming his innocence in accents which, ahhough.inand- ible to me, my guest declared were audible to hirn. I had heard that Mr. A. had been a "seer," but I was not e little startled at this illustration of his peculiar faculty. 1 remarked that'jt was very strange, and informed him that the woman whom he had just seen for tho first tirrih with her ghostly companion was really the wife of an executed felon. Some time afterwards lie exclaimed : "There he is again, repeating the same words!" Intensely interested by thissud-. den and apparently supernatural confirmation of my suspicions, I determined to put the/seer-, ship of my guest to what I regarded as crucial test. I told Mr. A. that shortly afterwards I was going inco town, and I should, bo passing the spot where the murder was committed,' per haps his ghostly visitant might indicate the . place where the dead man lay. Some time, aft er- wards we started for the town. When we left the house Mr. A. remarked'. " There he "is fol lowing ue," alluding to- the "-spirit." "When wo had proceeded' part of the-. way- along the road, which was quite unknown to my friend, I made a detour to make a business call and went along another street, Mr. A. following me. Just as , without another word on my part, we were turn ing out of the main road, Mr. A. said, '.''The ; spirit is standing at the corner. He says we are " not going the right way towards the place where1 the murder was committed, and which he has promised to point out to trie." I replied, " Oh, we shall come out in tlie main road again bye- and-bye before we reach the spot." We pro ceeded on about a quarter of a mile, andihaving done my business and struck the main road again — which differed, I may remark, from :none. of the other roads we had traversed— Mr. A. soon after declared, " There is that man just oh there, " waiting for us." As we continued on our walk, I purposely refrained from uttering a word, or even vfrom thinking, as far as I could, about the murder, so as to prevent any possibility of my companion obtaining any clue. As we were- passing through one of the low'o'st parts of the town Mr. A, suddenly exclaimed: — ' He tells ine that it was here that the murder was committed. It was just there pointing to the place; in the road where" the murdered man fell). I bee' the hubbub and confusion rise up befbre me as in a picture, with people round; He,"ho\vever,' again "tell3 me that he did not strike the fatal blow. He does not excuse himself from being morally guilty as being mixed up with those who accomplished the death of the m;irij but .strongly maintains that he was not tho.murder- er." I will only add in relation to- the last inci dent that Mr. A. described the exact spot, where ..the murder was committed, and the circum stances in connection wherewith. How can ' you account for that ? Mr. A. had never been in the town before ; he had never lived! with in a couple of hundred miles of it ; he, did not know until a day or two before lie" arrived that he would ever visit it he cri.iilil not by any possibility have known ' tfia.t the poor woman in my employ was the widow of a man- who was. hanged. He had no conceiv able interest in deceiving me, nor wa'ajie con cerned to prosecute the matter'! ahy"furthef. I have in vain attempted to account -for' liis story, nor can I, on any of tbe popular hypoth eses, explain to my own satisfabtion how he saw that ghost at noonday. That "jib did see it he assured me, much to my. surprise, wlfe'ii no one else expected any such;- revelation.; ,and, whatever he saw, it certainly- led hiin to- the exact place where the murder was! com mitted; - , :> ;.v. ! 