THE WESLEYAN GENERAL 'fcON- FEREKC& SarKMTB Day— Wm-hwdat, Mat 18. EEV. fl. BBOWlt. Before the record of the previous day's pro ceedings was confirmed attention was drawn to the concluding portion of the resolution respect ing the New Britain affair, which, ft was aiiegec-, raignt oe regaraea as a oo&aemnatton; 01 the Kev. George Brown. On the motion 4f the Rev. W. H. Fitehett the standing orders were sntpended to allow of the wconaMeratlon ot that resolution. The portion objected ta vajt; that which referred to the ose of laSUtey measure^, and several members of tot Oo*^, renee said that Mr. Brown was aggrieved by th* allniicn. ? ;: i ' ' Mr. Bhowm erpressed himself M sorry to take up more of the time of the Conferwio©,- bnt it was a crisis in hi* life. Perhaps be waa too sensitive, but he could not go on with his work while the matter re mained unexplained. The general opinion of the Conference on the previoas day teemed to be in accordance with hia own distinct affirma tion that the action taken was purely defensive. It Was not done to promote the mission' work. He never thought of as ing military measures to carry on missionary enterprises, and it would be tbe opinisn of those who read the resolution that the Conference thought; he had done too. He did net want, of course, to induce the Conference to sanction such measures. Probably the New South Wales Cotiftrenco thought itself justified in tbe resolution it had adopted. He had quietly submitted to it for two yean, and had hoped tbe General Conference would tee its way clear to add that he (Mr. Brown) did not retort to such meatis in New Britain ta further tbe Eiiwiion enterprise. The ilev. \Y. 11. Fitciutt, B.A., urged that while they should not compromise themselves they onght to respect a brother's feelings. Ho moved a substitute for the bst clause of the resolution previously adopted. Mr. BaDrmtBUBY thought something of tbe kind was due to Mr. Brown. Tbe Kev. 8. Woolhough, M.4., ex plained tho circumstances nnder* which tbe resolution was originally framed In. tte New South Wales Conference. It waa more than two years ego. There was then only partial knowledge of Mr. Brawn'* proceedings, and very excited feeling on the subject. Binoa then they had received much further iolaraiitioa. The resolution had been greatly criticised, and was ill fitted to bear il, for it was a piece of patchwork, end he bad no objection to ita modification. Mr. liuicios propMed tho omission of the words that were objected to, but subsequently withdrew his amendment. After a f e w remarks from the Bova. F. Tait and G. Dajiel, the Kev. J. Watsfobd said he greatly regrettid the introduction of the amendment. It was a reprod action of three amendments lost in the former discussion, and their rejection ln dictted thit tho Conference did view Mr. Brown's proceedings in New Britain with un qualified approval. He objected to the reference in the resolution to administering justice. Their agents were neither generals, captains, nor magistrates, bat simply mis sionaries sent to administer mercy. With all his regard for Mr. Brown and tenderness for his feelings there wu something still more Impor tant to bo cared for. The Kev. J. Cops tnp ported the resalutioa, b??»use ho did approve of Mr. Brown's proceedings with all his heart, (Hear, bear.) If being : placed iu a similar petition be were &ot; sus tained by tbe Conference he ' conld □ot remain in it. Mr. Vasbt explained that he had voted in tbe belief that the words which might imply censure had been omitted. Ttie amendment vu then withdrawn, and Mr. Fitthitt's resolution carried by a very large majority. It wss tben resolved—' That the resolution of yesterday be reseinded in favour of that now passed.' Tbe resolution as finally agreed to was ss follows:— 'That this Con f erence has heard with the deepest regret the Missionary Secretary's account of tbe Blanche Bay massacre and the expedition whloh followed it, and hereby expresses ita tenderest sympathy with tb» Bev. George Brown in his great peril in that massacre, and bis embarrassment in having to provide so suddenly aad unaided adequate means for the safety of the mission party. From the evidence sow before us, and which we have carefully examined, ft fully appears to us that in the judgment of the natives themselves Mr. Brown bat acted justly; and while reaffirming, in view of the widedikcussion which has been carried on in reference to this case, tbe principle which underlies all our mis sionary operations— that military enterprises cannot be sanctioned in their conduct— it records its judgment that in the present cue Mr. Brown acted in defenoa of the mission teachers a|-d their families, has not violated tho regulations which govern onr missionary work, and retains the full confidence of this Oon lerence.' ' - ?* HOTJCB OP MOTIOW. ' ' By Mr. Crouch— To be taken into considera tion with Clause X in the order of business— 'That tbe change in the offioe of Circuit Stewards take place at tbe June instead- of tho December quarterly meeting.' ? - ? mrw txALkWD. ' Tbe debate on tbe subject of a sepittte Con ference for Mew Zealand was reopened by the Bev. B. M. Hdxtxb. He remarked that the opening speech of Mr. Mrrley had evidently made many convert*, but be was not ? of the number, for he wai on the aam« side before hand. Their brethren in Mew Zealand were in the position of partners in a grand concern who desired a dissolution on tbe ground that their arrangements were too costly to be pro fituble. He would, therefore, let them go. He did not believe ia tho danger of their range, for the trend of opinion in the New Zealand Conference was decidedly towards Oon eervatum. They were evidently Improving. Their recommendations to that Conference- were cot to revolutionary as those sent np three years ago. Tben be was prepared to admit that some minor changes might be advantageous, for be did not thick tbat Methodism was ultimate perfection. Mach as ba loved Methodism h* lored Christianity more, and these men loved it its much as be did. They might safely trust tbe future of tl;o New Zoaknd Church to their con scieDticmsDefs and judgment. At least thirty ether ministers and iay repre sentatives tuok pert in the debate, which oocu pitd D£&riy; the wbolt of the day. By far the. greater iiaiabcr of the speakers . expressed themselves sa decidedly opposed to tbe proposed change. Among those who took this Bids were the Uevs. V«\ H. Fitehett, B.A., S. 'WilliaaB, knd F. E. Stephrason, of Victoria ;. tbe Eevs. J. B. Wattrbou«-,\7. K!elynack,D.D., acd W. G- K. Btepbfneon, of New South Wales; and the i'.evs. T. Lloyd End J. Eickford, ot South Australia. There were also on tbesameslde the IIco. J. Oarr; Uvems. B. G. King'and J. Campbtll, of Victoria; oni Meesn. Parker and Eobiios, of New Ecrath Wakn. Oco of tbe principal urgrirncnts that «sere employed by the opponents of diviaior, was the revolutionary cLf.rai'tr cf the rfcommendatioastbat bad come from the 2-ew Zealand Acncal Conference. Tiifsc wore represented aa indicating that if that Conference became possessed ut legislative us well &s; ndrckiinrative power, tha whole cfcaraeUr acd complect ion of tho Wesleyan. Ohcrch there would bo cp-oc-dily and seriously charged. Another arjrnmrnt was ths proba lility that thn change, if effected,' would lead to the entire dL-rTi,r-tiou of the Augtral s-.ieii Church ly each of the present anLual Conferences seeking to follow the eiample or New Ze&Ucd.; Both of the*e argu zrciita were effectively used in a powerful sptech ly the Kev. B. Williams. He pointed on' ♦ff«* if flm prornor-d chango^weig made legislation would be {rntcuuavie u- ITe«i 2#*i*a4 ? «Tety year, whereas the other colonies moat wait for the Triennial Conference. This would not enly tead to make the latter feel at a disadvan tage, bnt it would tempt the New Zealand Con ference to rash experiments and involve changes with greaS rapidity. Then looking to the character of their proposal, ha eaid if carried into effect he greatly feared for the reanlt, and it would produce a Sype of Sfsthcdisra xika nothing «lse in the wcrld. They woald go b tha direc tion of open membership, tha rules of tha Society .wocld be mangled, the itinerant system would ba entirely changed, tha pas toral office abolished, and tha quarterly meeting tendered^ elective, Thesa argnxents wera applied in various ways by different speakers, some of whom deprecated orgaaic, and others the practical, diaanian which they feared would follow the contemplated separation. Is was also urged that whiia the steadying po^er of a General Conference was of valaa to the New Zealand Conference, the presence of ths New Zealand representatives was of valoa in that assembly, and that tha General Conference ccald ill afford to part with so impoctant a portion cf its organization. Ihe Bets. H. Bull, T. Las, and W. WiLUiita, from New Zealand, Us. Moxiiut, tha oaly lay representative prt&ent;, all spoke in fivcur of the proposed separation. The reasons urged by Mr. Motley ia hia opening speech ware stroagly reiterated. The geographical difficulty and the consequent costliness, both in time and money, was the point chiefly insisted upon ; bat it was also pleaded .that this fact abo involved tha practical disfranchisement of New Zealand Mr. Bcix said that at the last General Con ference only nine representatives were present cut of sixteen entitled, and at the present Con ference there were but six out of eighteen. The . fact was, neither ministers nor laymen could spare the time to attend. By common consent . the Tararua disaster was not dwelt upon, inas much aa it did not afford a legitimate argument The views of the New Zealand representatives were supported by tbe Ren. J. A. Kolan and G.T.Lane, of New Sooth Wales, Kev. B. I. Watkin, ofVietoria, Bev. S. Knight, and Rev. \- G. Brown. .Messrs. Vasey and Hitchcock also spoke on the same side. A third view of the case, and the one which ultimately prevailed, was^that the present move ment was premature. Several speakers, among whom were the Bevs. 'W. P. Wells and J. Cope, both of whom gave not ice of amendments, coun selled delay. It was said that tha present con stitution of the Australasian Conference had to be carefully formulated in tha colonies before it was approved of in England. Tha various diffi culties u to the details received full representa tion. Mr. Juuisoa (Victoria), and the Hon. J. Ooltos spoke of ths risk that would bo in curred by acting precipitately, for what was once done could not be recalled. If ft severance were made there would be no possibility of re union. The Bev. J. Nicholson thought many of the difficulties might be met by special legis lation. If tbe Conference were made quin quennial instead of biennial some difficulties would be obviated. He did not see why the iqj-poictice cf voting by proxy on the more im ||SMltiiiit things In which New Zealand was f.rfnterestecl, though fa novel procedure, might ?Mb be tried with advantage, and he believed a fcisifl of organic union might be devised which ~ would not retard Methodism in Ne-7 Zealand. A further argument employed on this side was the doubt as to what would be said on the sub ject in the British Conference. The Pussidkst .. pointed out that there waa no parallel cue in which an annual Conference stood absolutely ?lone without being affiliated to some larger body, such aa the General Conf erencts of Canada, or the Quadrennial Conference of the LI.E. . Church of America. It wis argncd thai tho British Conference weald see considerable objec tion to such an arrangement. The BeT. W. MtmLSiT, on being called upon to reply, expressed hia great thankfulness fcr tha tone that had been maintained throughout ths debate. He had not appealed for sympathy bnt to the sense of justice that waa in tho 'minds' of all present. Ha?ic£ reviewed the arguments cf the different speakers, ha con cluded by stating that nothing was further from bis thoughts than to hold oat spy threat, but he wa» sore the rejection of his motion would cause great disappointment throughout their Church in New Zealaad, and ha hoped this would not be inflicted. . Before the vote waa taken,' tha President reminded the Conference of the serious and ?elems character of the decision at which they were aboat to arrive. He trusted that they would be guided aright whatever it might be. Ail the members of the Conference were requested to take their proper place*, and visitors to retire beyond the bounds prescribed by the Standing Orders. A message was reported from the Bev. Bainsford Bavin, who was too ill to attend, asking that he might be allowed to vote -.fc^pTOiy. It -tm decided that this was inadmis sible, and the Bev. IV*. H. Fitchett 'offered to ' pair9 with tbe absent minister by retiring behicd the bar of tha Conference during the vote, which he accordingly did. ; Ihe Pmsidbmt then stated that the resolu tion of the New Zealand Conferense had been moved, on which an amendment had been made by the BeT. W. Motley, to the effect that the separation of New Zealand was expedient, and notices of further amendments, if this wore lost, had been given by the Bars. Wells and Cope. The votes for Mr. Morley'a amendment were 31, and against it 37. : The Bev. W. P. Wbixs then withdrew bis amendment in favour of that by the Bar. J. Cope, which waa aa fallows :— ' While sensible of the inconvenience and expense occasioned by the attendance at this Conference of representa tives from New Zealand, this Conference regards the proposal to form New Zealand into a separate and independent Conference as premature. The Conference Jla also of opinion that a carefully prepared plan or constitution should be sub mitted to it before it is aaked to pronounce upon the expediency of the proposed change.' This was carried, tbe votes being 39 for and 25 against. ? On being again put as a substantive motion it was carried by a majority of 37 to 20. Daring the day an invitation was prevented to the Conference by the Bev. S. Knight, on behalf of Mr. John Hill, to jo{nin a picnic at Mount Lofty on Saturday next. The invita i tion was accepted with thanks. On tbe illness of tbe Bev. B. Bavin being re* ported to the Conference, it was resolved that a letter of sympathy be sent to him, and that the Bev. J. B. Stepheason be requested to make what arrangements were practicable for bis com fort. The following draft of an address to King George of tbe Friendly Islands, was read and adopted: — ? ** General Conference, Adelaide, South Australia, May, 1881. « To His Majesty King George Tubon, Tnihati kalua, Friendly Islands. ' May it please your Majesty— We, your Majesty's sincere friends, assembled in our General Conference, desire to expreti our fervent love to your Majesty, and oar earnest desire for the welfare of yourself and people. 'We have long known and admired your Majesty's devoted attachment to the truth as it is in Jesus, and that section of Christ's Churoh over wnich the Holy Ghost hith made yoa an overseer, and we have glorified the grace of God ia you. 'We have also marked with admiration through many years past your Majesty's careful paternal concern, for the best interests of your people, and your ardent desire and earnest endeavour that Tonga may grow a truly Christian and godly nation — a people whom Cod would delight to bless. 'We rejoice in the great and wondrous change wnioh has been effected in your dominion, which by the proclamation of the Gospel has been hroogbt oat of darkness into God's marvellous light, and we thankfully re cognise tha great influence of your Majesty's example acd efforts therewith. 'We are pleased to inform your Majesty that the General Conference, after careful considera tion, the strong recommendaiiea of the Board of Missions and of the Friendly Islands District, \- has been pleased to assent to yoar Majesty's request that. Tonga should become an inde pendent district in the Australasian Weileyan \- BCethodist Church, in connection with tha New South Wales and Queensland Conferences, and we trust, your Majesty^ kindly assit tanca that tbe affairs of the district may be sustained in peace and efficiency. 'We desire to assure yoa of oaf unchanged love, and of oar continued and earnsst prayer that your life may long be spared, and that you ? and yoar people may be increasingly enriched with, all tbe Uejaiogs which our Heavenly Father may see best to bestow.' A. letter was read from the Very Bev. A. Boasell « Yicar-Genen], conveying the expres sion of sympathy with the Conference, which was agreed to at the Diocesan Sinod on Taa» day. 'Ihe letter was received with demons tra t tiasi of applause, and it was resolved thtt a ? suitable reply be forwarded to the Vicir ?QtxttnL . ?; - . CHILDESS'8 FTSD. ?? The balance-sheet of this fund waa laid on the -tablet taken as read, adopted, and ordered to be printed ia tbe minutes of the Conference. / Several tables of statistics prepared by the Lay \- Treasurer, Mr. J. T. Crouch, and designed to be ? Used in the discussion, were also presented. '?, Tbe report of a committee that had been ap .- painted to consider cerUin matters in relation J -to the administration of tha fond wis read and received for consideration. The claims of Mr. McDoa^a!!, ef Victoria, were presented by the Ktv. W. H. Fitchett and allowed. The farther consideration of the sobjectwas po»tponed till Thursday. Tha Conferees tfcea adjourned till nest day. 