A GHOST STORY. (Jo the Editor of the Chronicle ) Sm, — I received a letter from my sisler in Blaney, N. S. Wales, informing me of a most singular affair that occurs nightly in Berrima. A paragraph appeared in the Yass papers, headed ' A Ghost Story.' It went 011 to say that a house near Berrima was the subject of_ great wonder, and under investigation by clergymjn and neighbors near the house. There are strange noises in the house, and the bed clothes are pulled off the children without visible hands ; wherever the children are the noise follows them, and in the morn ing it raps loudly upon the verandah ; posts as if it was baring. Although j these things are both seen and heard, no person can be seen, and the family can get no rest My sister was curious to know if there was any (ruth in the ia'e, and having a slight knowledge of tbe lady occupying the house, wrote to her, and received an answer that it was too true, and said they were going to have a meeting of clergymen on the 25th., and she would write and let my sister know the result. My sister beiDg anxious to know the result, has written again, and promises to send them to me as soon as she hears from ber lady friend, which I will forward to you upon receipt of same. The house is. built of biick. ? The clothes are taken off, and although the rooms have been examined, the bedclothes also, nothing can be found to satisfy their minds as to the cause, nothing can be attached to the bedclothes. I am, sir, Most respectfully yours, Henry P. Mills. Didcot, 20th June, 1881. ' Patience : or, Bunthorne's Bride' — written by Mr. W. S.Gilbert, and composed by M t. Arthur S. Sullivan, was produced on April 23, at. . the Opera Comique Theatre, with an amonnt of success which bespeaks a long career of . prosperity. The libretto is an elaborate satire on what is styled the ' ajsthetic craze,' the plot is outragroasly extravagant, and tbe dialogue is full of those flashes of wit and humor with which Mr. Gilbert bas: long been accustomed to delight his audience. . Mr. Sullivan's music plays only secondary part in the ' opera. He has done his work well, and some of his music is admirable, notably the srstett {accompanied ) ' I hear the soft note',' the finaleof Act 1; Lady Jane's song, ' Sil vered in the raven hair the song, ' I cannot. tell what this love may be' — sung by Patience ; and her subsequent- duet with the l.ady,Angela,' Long years ago.', A more genuihe/ pucces's bas sbldom been achieved. . ' , . The most disagreeable month for ' soldier. — March, ^ 