BEFORE THE CURTAIN. Mr. Dew- hurst is a clever actor. Mr. Punch says so, jand there's 'an end of the mat ter. He is Sir Oracle, and when e opes "his mouth let no dog bark, not that any such canine in- terruption is imminent, but still it is as well to be cautious. There is a fund of power in all of Mr. Dewhurst's various impersonations, and it is almost impossible to say in which his great talents have the fullest chances of display. During the week the actor has played Louis XI. and Romeo, and in both characters has added greatly to his reputation as a careful, conscientious, and clever actor. Romeo was of the two the more perfectly played, and his costumes were really magnificent. Mr. Dewhurst was very well supported, and Miss Willis scored a very emphatic success as Juliet. The performances throughout Mr. Dewhurst's season have been very interesting, and Mr. Punch regrets its approaching termination. On Friday a benefit is to be given to the widow of Mr. James Booty. On Saturday Mr. Dewhurst appears as Richard III., and every night next week a change will be made in the Programme. On Friday Mr. J. E. Kitts is to take a benefit at the Queen's Theatre. This gentleman has been long and very favourably known in connection with the dramatic profession, and some of our greatest colonial successes have been the result of his skilful and experienced management. The programme on the occasion referred to will be an attractive one, and all who go are certain to Kit(t)ch Mr. Punch there. . 4 Fatinitza ' is the reigning attraction at the Opera House, and Miss Emma Wangenheim the bright particular star. This opera is full of sparkling music ; it has a prettily told story, and Mr. W. J. Wilson has placed it upon the stage in beautiful style. Those engaged in the representation are — Miss Frazer, Messrs. Kelly, Lester, and Bolton, and they all act and sing with spirit and propriety. Miss Wangenheim has a role to which she does the most complete justice, and she uses her splendid voice with capital effect. No change is yet likely to be made in the programme at this inviting temple of the lyric drama. Mr. Maccabe continues to make dull care begone at the School of Arts. As the Hall is crowded to excess every night it argues that a great number of persons have a quantity of superfluous care they wish to dispose. Mr. Maccabe is an excellent auctioneer in this commodity, and gives good value in exchange for the burden he releases you of. It is strange to think Mr. Punch has any cares, but he found his troubles lighter after a laugh with Fred. Maccabe. # vfr If you wish to be mystified, entertained, and amused at one time, see Mr. D'Arcy Read's ' Haunted House.' The ghosts perform some very extraordinary antics, and their performances are uniformly successful in eliciting laughter and applause. The programme includes other items of interest, but the chief claim upon favour that is put forward is by the piece alluded to. Mr. Punch feels assured his numerous friends will regret to learn that Mr. P. M. Bayless has seceded from the management of the Gaiety Theatre. He will be very much missed indeed, and his successor will find it difficult to attain a half of his popularity. Mr. Bayless announces the approaching advent of the Mendelssohn Quintette. Mr. Punch believes these performances are the very quintessence of perfection. » 4 Madame Favart,' with bright and ripplingly melodious music and a cleverly devised plot, is the attraction at the Royal. The work is richly mounted. 