THE FARMERS' ASSOCIATION. The annual meeting, of the delegates from the various Branches of the South Australian Farmers' Association, which has been held during the week, furnishes pleasing proof of the vitality of the Asso ciation. The report furnished by the General Secretary (Mr. Venning) as to the progress made by the Association during the past year shows that it has flourished marvellously, and that, despite adverse seasons, the farmers have been devoting their time to the discussion hot only of purely agricultural matters, but also to the political questions of the day which affect their interests. It would appear from Mr. Yenning's report that [27 branches have joined the Association during the year, thus affording proof that the farmers gene rally are getting to be alive to the importance of the movement, and are anxious to become members of the organization. The Association having been in existence for a period of nearly two years, can fairly lay claim to be established on a sound footing. There is something remarkable in the manner in which the Association has pro gressed, and the sour.d footing upon which it now finds itself is somewhat surprising, having regard to the want of success which has attended the establish ment of Farmers' Associations before in the colony. True it is that until the present Association was formed there had been no attempt to set on foot an institution which should have branches all over the country, and be governed by a Central Committee. We notice that, as was expected, it has been decided that the headquarters of the Association shall in future be at Glad stone, in lieu of Crystal Brook. This is a more central locality, and will conse quently be better suited for the purpose. It has further been arranged that the Committee shall consist of the President and Vice-President of the Association—to which offices Messrs. J. Miller and G. Mugg have been elected for the ensuing year—the [Chairman of every branch of the Association, and Messrs. Hirsch, Inglis, Growden, H. M. Smith, and P. R. Kelly. A vote of thanks was also re corded, amongst other things, to the Secretary of the Association, Mr. Venning, to whose indefatigable exertions much of the success which has attended the growth of the Association is undoubtedly due. As regards the policy upon which the Association has decided to adopt or the platform upon which it will stand, we are glad to find that on the whole it has ■ not allowed itself to be led away into dealing with matters which do not properly come within its province. We regret to observe, however, that it has decided to request the candidates at the forthcoming elections to vote for payment of members. While we have no desire to enter once more into the justice or the desirability of such a practice, we feel bound to call the atten tion of the farmers generally to the extremely undesirable results to which the practice has led in the neigh bouring colony of Victoria. In the abstract, it is true that no very great objection can be raised to the system, but it has been conclusively shown over and over again wherever it has been adopted that it haB led to mere adventurers being returned to Parliament, whose only deBire has been to serve their own in terests at the expense of the community. "We feel bound to express our great regret that the Association should have decided upon adopting payment of members as a portion of its policy. There are further the questions relating to the distribution of the electoral districts, which are not matters of special interest to the farmer. While there is no great harm in its paying attention to these matters, and pronouncing an opinion upon them, it is undesirable that the Association should take the least step out of itB proper province, inasmuch as here after the fact might be turned into a pre cedent for itB interference with political matters, with which in its representative capacity as a body formed simply to guard the interests of the agricultural portion of the community it has nothing to do. These, however, are the only points on which the Association would appear to have overstepped its proper province, and there is room to hope that overy one of its members is anxious that the Association should retain its dis tinctive character. As regards the other matters which have received atten tion, they are all affairs which properly come under the cognizance of such a body, and with which it can legiti mately deal. The amendment of the land laws, the question of reducing the rate of carriage of cereals upon the Government lines of railways, the aboli tion or reduction of the duties upon corn sacks, fencing wire, and agricultural im plements and machinery, the imposition of a land tax, resumption of free immigra tion, &c.;—all these are matters upon which the Association is justified in pro nouncing its Opinion. As far as we can gather, no reasonable objection can be taken to their proposals in respect of the land laws. Thus it has been decided by them to support an amendment affording to " selectors the option of taking a lease in continuity in place of paying any of the purchase money, at a rate of interest not exceeding 4 per cent, per annum, with a right of cancelling such lease at any time there after upon payment of the purchase money and interest." It has also been decided by them to agitate for an amendment in the land laws that will give to selectors "the right of taking up land upon lease for 21 years that has been open and unselected for a period of two years, in blocks not exceeding 5,000 acres, at an upset rental not exceeding 6d. per acre per annum, with option of 'either cultivating or grazing such lands, before such are offered for sale for cash, and make such law retrospective." Various other propositions relating to the land laws were submitted, but were not entertained. As regards the proposed reduction of the rates of carriage for cereals, it was, as might have been ex pected, decided that a reform in the work ing of the railways should be insisted upon, and as regards the resumption of free immigration of a suitable class of farm labourers, it was decided that the Association should use every effort in its power to bring this about. The proposal to bring about the aboli tion of the duties upon cornsacks, fencing wire, and agricultural machinery, which has been strongly supported by the Chief Secretary in his recent electioneering address, was also agreed to, and it was further decided that the Association should expect the candidates Beeking its suffrages to vote against the importation of any but safety matches. As regards the question aB to whether the Govern ment should be requested to establish a Model Farm or a School of Agriculture, we expected to find that a majority of the delegates were against the proposition, and that it would be therefore negatived. Thus far no valid objection has been brought forward to this proposal, and it is becoming clearer every year that some such school or college is urgently needed in this colony. It was also decided that the Association should not support the purchase by the Government of the wharf frontages at the outports, but would recommend that they should retain in their hands all the unsold frontages. TheBo are the chief matters which have occupied the attention of the Association, snd it will be seen that the decisions -they have come to are, on the whole, of a reasonable character. Mb. Ghamieb, O.E., has reported upon the works at the Torrens Dam, and he confirms the statements made by Harry, one of the over seers, that a good deal of " scamping" has been done. While it is true that the defects would not have been discovered as early as they have been if Harry had not unburdened his mind when be did, still be cannot be held free of blame. He is deserving of censure for leaving his work in the manner reported, and for not informing tbe City Engineer earlier than be did of what was going on. Sbaw, too, is not entirely guilt less in the matter. He admits that Harry com plained to him that, the work was not being properly done, and as the higher officer he should have'; taken upon himself the duty of reporting the circumstance to the Engineer or Town Olerk. It is satisfactory to learn from Mr. Ohamier that the im perfections have been discovered at such a stage as will enable them to be made good for about the sum of £100; and it is worthy of consideration whether, it will not be wise to adopt his suggestion to cancel the present con tract and have the work finished by day-labour. Mr. Ohamier advances sevoral good reasons in favour of adopting the latter course, and we trust the Council will not lightly disregard them. It is a pity tb&t; some eompetent en gineer was not appointed at the outset to super vise the work. In ordinary matters the Oity Engineer has quite enough to occupy his time and attention, and it would have been better if help had been given him in regard to suoh an important undertaking as the construction of the dam. It is not too late now to take this step. Everything should be done to ensure stability to a work whioh is likely to afford such general benefit and pleasure to the com munity. Thb Regitter has received from Mr. A. Abrahams, the Secretary or the South Aus tralian Society of Arts, a long and interesting letter which contains the pleasing informa tion that an Exhibition of Paintings is shortly to be held in Adelaide. The intention is, now that the many difficulties have been overcome, to hold an Art Exhibition as early as possible in May next, and for this purpose the completion of a portion of tbe new Institute Bnildiog is being pushed forward aB speedily as possible. His Excellency the Governor has given every encouragement to the movement, and the Government have guaranteed the whole cost and taken the entire responsibility of the undertaking. The exhibits will comprise the valuable collections of pic tures purchased in the, Melbourne Exhibition as the nnoleus of the Sonth Australian Fine Art Gallery, the paintings lent by Her Majesty the Queen and the Prince of Wales, a loan of paintings and other artieles from the South Kensington Museum, selections from some of the Foreign Courts at the Melbourne Exhibition, and also a number of works from the galleries of private gentlemen in the colony. It is scarcely necessary to say that it will be very many years before a collection of art treasures anything approaching the one it is expected will be got together in May next is likely to be seen in Adelaide, and the Sooiety of Arts ate entitled to the warm thanks of the pnblie for the influence they have brought to bear and tbe tronble they have taken iu the matter. Nothing is more refining than pictures and we trust the forthcoming Exhibition will be the means of helping forward our Art Gallery., The opportunity is one that may be availed of by our wealthy men to give a few paintings or other treasures to the colony in whieh their wealth has been acquired. The Melbourne Picture Gallery is a source of cons taut attrac tion and admiration to visitors from this colony. Indeed, we have often heard the remark that it alone is worth making the trip to Yictoria. The time has arrived when we should have ic our metropolis a similar institution, so that its educational and elevating advantages should be continually before us. The fertile district of Bivcrina has long been a bone of covetonsness to the three colonies which environ her. Special efforts hare been put out by all of them to secure the enormous trade which the produce of the district sustains. South Australia has made special concessions in respect of railway freights, and has otherwise endeavoured to draw this trade down its natural pathway, the Murray, the father of Aus tralian waterj. So far she has been eminently successful—so successful that New South Wales turned her envious eye upon the plum in her neighbour's grasp, and Sir Henry Parkes last year refused to renew the former Customs Con vention. South Australia is now obliged to pay £45,000 a year for the Convention by which she, with reason, believes her traders and mer chants will largely profit. This speaks well for the enterprise of the South Australian Govern ment, and if the same policy of makiDg a trade . can be profitably repeated in any fresh direction there is no doubt that it ought to be under taken. We are given to understand by a gentle man who resides in the Far West of Queensland, near the Sonth Australian border, that a grand field is there open to the commercial enterprise of South Australia. Tbe country forming what may be called Cooper's Creek watershed, and containing the Mulligan, the Sylveater, and other rivers, presents every scope for making a profitable trade, hichly-graesed for sheep, a large wool trade conld soon be developed were facilities afforded for the interchange of goods. South Australia is regarded by the settlers there as tbe natural avenue by which their produce could be sent to the markets of the world, but unconnected with this colony by mails or roads, and almost isolated from the rest of Qaeensland by reason of tbe bad meauB of communication to tbe eastward, their enterprise is stifled. The distance of these stations is up to 600 miles from the nearest postal town of Blackall, and they only poseesB a fortnightly mail. Away to the westward of the country named, across the border into our own province, lies more country fitted for pastoral purposes, the one great draw back to successful settlement being the ever prevailing need of water. Still, as the owners of these stations have recently managed to with stand, by their energy and enterprise In conserv ing water, something like a twenty months' drought, it is evident that settlement is not a fatuous impossibility. At any rate, there can be no barm in enqniries being instituted as to the possibility of adding another feeder here to the streams whioh unite to form South Austra lian commerce. What appears to be a satisfactory arrangement has been entered into between the Governments of Yictoria and South Australia for the passage of goofs, free of duty, across the Border by laud into either colony. Officers to be called " Permit officers" will be appointed by each Government, and tbeir duty will be to grant permits as they may be required. The production of these permits will entitle the holder to carry the goods specified in them across the boundary of either province without payment of duty. Jewellery, tobacco, opium, and watches are specially excepted bom the operation of the treaty, so we presume all other goods, including stock, come within its scope. Power is given to the officers to refuse to grant a permit if tbey have reason to suspect that it is being obtained for the purpose of taking advantage of the dis similarity of the tariffs of the two colonies and not for the development of the Bsrder trade proper. Persons are expected to apply person ally for the permits, but shonld they be unable to do so tbey must send the officers invoices of the packages they desire to forward across the Border with full particulars as to quantities and values. Should any goods be found that does not correspond with the information contained in the permit such goods will be dealt with as those that are imported without payment of duty, and will be liable to forfeiture, and the importer will be subjeot to the usual penalties. The officers are required to furnish from month to month the Customs authorities with b11 par ticulars respecting any permits they may have granted, so that no delay may be caused in the compilation of statistics. It is also further enjoined that quarterly accounts shall be com piled and forwarded to the Governments of both colonies, so that a fair settlement may be made between them according to the different tariffs, and the quantity of goods imported under them respectively. The object of the arrangement is to free the Border trade of the restrictions and inconveniences which have for a long time past existed, and we believe it will have that effect. Of course if it is found that undue advantage is taken of it with a view to foster a commerce other than that which essentially belongs to the Border, more stringent measures than those already provided will have to be adopted. South Australia alone, at the late Intercolonial Conference, was willing to contribute to the ooBt of the maintenance of the Australian squadron. All the colonies were of opinion that the squadron should be strenthened, but, with the exception of our represensatives, the delegates agreed that the whole of. the cost ought to fall upon the Imperial Government, in view of the magnitude of the interests which Great Britain has involved in Australian trade. They thought that the colonies would be performing their whole duty if they procured the efficient fortifi cation and land defence of the several ports of the Australian colonies, at the cost of the several colonies interested; but even from this portion of the proposition agreed to there was one dissentient in the representative'of New Zealand. Although there thus appears to be but little immediate prospect of a federated Australia carrying out a concerted and compre hensive defence scheme, it may not be out of place now to refer to what auoh a scheme should consist of. According to that eminent authority on suoh matters, His Excellency Sir W. F. D. Jervois, the conditions of an efficient defence scheme are — naval means, land battteries, artillery, and riflemen. The three lastjjare of course what each has to provide for itself .but the naval means of defence relate to the protection of the whole of the colonies. The propugnation of naval stations in Australian waters or on the maritime routes of Australian commerce is perhaps the keystone of the defenoe arch. Leaving out Newcastle, which is impor tant as a coaling station, His Excellency has indicated King George's Sound, Fiji, Sydney, and Singapore. It is necessary to fortify King George's Sound as a chief line of approach to Australia, Sydney and Fiji to protect traffic from the East, and Singapore to cover the Torres Straits traffic. New South Wales takes charge of the defence of Sydney Harbour, and Great Britain haB fortified and garrisoned Singa pore, but the other .two stations remain yet to be dealt with. And, in His Excellency's opinion, it is the duty of all the colonies unitedly to place King George's Sound and Fiji in an efficient state to resist invasion, as neither Western Australia nor Fiji could under take the work falling within their provinces. The Intercolonial Conference, however, have ttaought differently. Meanwhile, European Powers, with a keen eye to the wealth and importance of this portion of the globe, are actively founding naval stations within easy reach—the Frenoh in New Caledonia, the Russians at the Island of Sagha lien off the mouth of the Amoor, and the Germans in the Navigator Islands. The only attempt South Australia has made in anything connected with harbour defences is the erection of Fort .Glanville. We have not even an un wieldy Cerberus for our further protection. It is natural that we shonld be disinclined to spend much money on the Northern Territory, but, as we have painted out on a former occasion, the submarine cable at Port Darwin at its shore end lies quite exposed at low tide for a distance of about half a mile, and could be pioked up by an approaohing enemy without fear of moles tation. Because there is no immediate prospect of war is no reason why the colonies should not awak6 to the duty that devolves upon them of in times of peace providing for any future neces sity that may arise of defending their glorious heritage against aggression. Though all the Great Powers are at peace together, the ghost'of the eastern question may 'be suddenly galva nized into resurrection by some nnforseen turn of the diplomatic wheel, and it would be well always to be prepared. The agitation against the Jews in Germany is one of the most seriou. developments of social life that has been witnessed in modern Europe. The nation seems to be filled with jealousy and hatred of the Jewish race. The feeling of antagonism is not confined to the lower unthinking classes, but is spreading among the high and cultured ranks of society. It would appear that Socialism, which for some time past has greatly disturbed the German mind, is at the bottom of the new agitation, and Dr. Stooker is its leader as well as tbe head of the association of Christian Socialists. There cau be no question that Jews wield an enormous power in Germany; and that through their financial and general business ability they have managed to take leading places as bankers, financiers, merchant*, and lawyers; but this does not justify the violent outrages which have of late been perpetrated upon the tribe. A recent writer in the Contemporary Review expresses the opinion that the Jews have in a measure helped to bring abont the present soreness upon themselves by parading their eqnipages, diamonds, and other evidences of wealth in an intrusive and offensive manner before the German pnblio; and he remarks that "the whole question of labour, the rise and fall of cereals and of atock, the price of the poor man's loaf and the cost of his coat, are in the hands of the Jews. Farms and vineyards, dairies and barns, forests and stockyards, the sheep in the .meadow and the cattle on a thou* sand hills, are all mortgaged, pawned, and pledged to the Jews. The German peasant, the German labourer, the German workman, all see their master in the Jew, and fear to take definitely a subordinate place whilst their Jewish master enjoys a monopoly of the purple and fine linen hebdomadal sumptuous fare" It cannot, however, be denied that the Jews have won the position they hold in the great German community by fair and legitimate means, and while there is cause for thankful ness that the question of religion forms no element in the feud which has arisen, one cannot help feeling that the strife Itself is opposed to all principles of national as well as individual rights and liberties. No one doubts the plnck of the British soldier. Oftentimes it has enabled him to accomplish great achievements against overwhelming odds, bnt there is a danger of relying too much npon this quality. According to the evidenoe of our best military anthoritie's the standing army of Great Britain is insufficient for her adequate protection, and it lacks certain qualities which it should acquire without loss of time. Among those qualities are rapidity of movement, and power to sustain frequent battleB and successive campaigns. Of ships and money England is well furnished, but despite these Sir Garnet Wolseley affirms that she generally sends her soldiers out to fight with every disadvantage. The agencies for expeditiously transporting large armieB and properly provisioning them are not so satisfactorily worked in connection with the British army as they might be. In this respect Germany sets us an example worthy of being copied. Nothing is wanted in her arrange ments to enable her to carry on a long and trying campaign. Bapid locomotion of her troops, an inexhaustible commissariat, and ability to recruit, distinguish her military sys tem perhaps above all the other Great Powers. British bravery has enabled British troops fre quently to triumph when they were handicapped by terrible disabilities, but there is no reason whatever why this state of things should be continued. What should be aimed at is that this bravery should be backed up by the utmost efficiency as regards all needful essentials. In 1878 the British army, including the volunteers and yeomanry, numbered 424,000 men, and this force, according to Sir Garnet Wolseley, was with the navy then sufficient to assure the safety of the " heart of the Empirebnt against this statement we have the assurance of Sir F. S. Roberts, and other military men, that a large proportion of the troops are mere lads, who have not the physical stamina to withstand the hard ships of campaigning life. It is essential there fore, in view of the wide range of interests and territory which^the British army has to protect, that the system of recruiting should be carefully examined, and that the troops should be supplied with all neceseary appliances to carry on a suc cessful warfare when their services are called into requisition. Affaibb in the Transvaal are now assuming a better complexion. Whether it has been owing to the arrival on the scene of operations of Sir Evelyn Wood, or-to an honest desire on the part of the Boers to bring the difficulties which have arisen between them and the British to an end, we cannot, of course, say, but it is satis factory to find that there is a possibility that matters may be managed without recourse being had to hostilities. It is expected that a truce will be effected for a while between the British and the Boers, to enable them to arrive at a settlement of their dispute. The Imperial Government have declined to state the nature of the proposals that have been made to them by the Boers, but it is known that what they themselves propose, is that autonomy shall be granted to the Boers. It is probable, however, that not even this concession will satisfy the latter, and that what they are insisting upon is that their country shall be entirely set free from British control. But while matters have arrived at this satisfactory point, it is obvious that the situation is still somewhat of a critical character. The whole of the troops under the command of Sir Evelyn Wood have-now arrived at the teat of war, and have taken up a position on the banks of the Buffalo Biver, between Natal and the Transvaal, and until recently fighting was hourly expected between tbem and the Boers, who are said to have gathered in force, and have an nonnced their determination of resisting the British to the last extremity. Previous to their taking up their position Sir Evelyn Wood made a reconnaissance for several miles into the interior of the Transvaal, by which it is under stood that he has gathered much important in formation regarding the strength of the posi tion held by the Boers, which would be of great utility in the event of the war being carried on. Satisfactory intelligence has recently reached us in regard to the attitude which is taken in the matter by the Orange Free State. It was regarded as being somewhat doubtful whether they would not accord their support to the belligerent Boers, but their recent action shows that there is no fear of their doing anything of the sort. Then the Volksraad has recently assented to a condition authorizing British troops to pass through their territory if necessary, either from Natal or Basutoland into the Transvaal territory. It is gratifying to find that they have determined to give their assistance to the British, and are in no way disposed to assist the Boers in the present contest. It may be hoped, however, that ere long a satisfactory settlement of the question in dispute will be effected, and that the troubles in South Africa will thus be brought to a close. 