Light and Shade. BY ENDYMION. A MERRY CHRISTMAS. And why not? Because we are hot and lazy and morose, anxious only to lounge in the shade and consume iced drinks, shall Christmas not be merry? Thank goodness, there arj plenty of youug Australians who are not saddened with the old-world reminiscences of bygone Chmtnnses which spoil our enjoy, meut, my elderly friend. Whan the first level auubeaim strike hotly through the gum trees oa Sunday morning, they won't be bothered by the thought that the orb bos jußt set amidst chilly fog-bauks round on the other side, in the laud where we used to shiver and blow on our half-frozen finger tips and nurae our chilblain*, and preteud to enjoy the seasonable weather. Not a bit of it. They will be racing down the passages with nothing particular on, and waving in triumph the gifts which the only saint who took kiudly to Australian emigration, old Santa Claus, bought overnight for them. They are children of the sun, and full of the energy which they derive from the great source uf all mundane vitality. Don't let us trouble them with our old-world inopings and rogrets. Their faces are set forward, their history has to be made. There are no relics of old-time quarrels among the gum trees ; the soil underfoot is virgin, it bears no records of old-time hate?, it has not been fer tilised by the blood of a thousand battles. Peace and goodwill should be easy to them; they ought to have no " hereditary foes "to forgive. Could we not let them alone, we others who are Eng lish, Scotch, Irish, and Teutons; Protestant*, RonianUts, and what not ? Could we not let them be Australians and grow into whatever their tunny skies and an overruling Providence has in store for them, without trying to warp them to this fashion or that mould ? It is ouly for a little while. We have something to do in the way of clearing the path, and making the wilderness accessible; and then we should creep into our grave, take our memories with us, auu leave them to enter on their happy heritage free from all our old-world lumber. But—this is not Chriatuiaa cheer i Well, 1 am Eudymion, the shadow of an old world myself, and I also have to etaud aside. I ought to be sorry for the Melbourne Con servative newspapers in their present quandary. They explained bo eloquently and proved ao conclusively that Berry was ruißing Victoria, that the leader-writers on the London news papers have acoepted the statement. Conse quently, when a new Viotorian loan was announced, the Tina innocently assumed that it was to repair the ravages caused by the Liberal spoiler. And now my journalistic comrades in Melbourne have to explain that the ruin wasn't so very bad after all, and that they wrote figuratively. How they are going to reconcile the discrepancy to unimaginative Englishmen 1 don't know. I am sorry to see that my old friend O'Kane has got into trouble again. The odds were heavy against him, for he had two lawyers to oppose, and defended himself. One of the lawyers, by-the-way, was Morgan, and OK. handed in receipts to the Judge to show that he had previously retained him. However poor OK. got "slated" in £100 and coats. Whether he deserved it or not I really don't know ; the result of a libel action depends on so many accidents. And he has lived all the time with spear and tomahawk in hand, has smitten and prodded with rigid impartiality all round. But I wish to point out that it is O'K.'b worst fault to be an anachronism. Each new settlement, especially a Northern goldfield, passes through what I may call the "early English " stage. While it lasts people refer to a perversion of the truth aa a—objectionable adjective I—lie.1 —lie. As times goes on and lucky reefers emerge from their shaft*, cast aside their mullock-stained shirts and breeches, and don fashionable coats and trousers, a change comes over their habits. They drop the direct and forcible forms of expression which served them while they drank rum and called round at the speculative store, keeper's shop for their backing money. They regret that their opponents should have " wil fully misconceived the facts of the case," and only revert to the simpler forms of speech when under the influence ot too much champagne, or after a long night at 100 in the back room of whatever publican happens to be in favour with the local magistracy and police. The change is not only in words. They learn to adopt the tone of modern civilisation, find nothing very right or very wrong, and, instead of believing in blaok and white, see no colours in the whole universe but slightly different shades of gray. Now this is very much what has happened in Charters Towers, and poor OK. remains a relic of the past, an outcrop of rugged primitive rock amidst the flat Bmooth alluvial deposits forming round him. Naturally the storms beat sorely upon him, and he is becoming sadly splintered. But I here enter my testimony that he has done good work in bis time. To be sure, he always wrote of Macrossan as an emanation from well, from the deepest of deep leads; and Macroesan returned the opinion with interest. But, accord ing to his primitive code of ebony black and snowy white, he fought with valour and, accord ing to im lights, against what be believed to be false and bad. lam sorry for the old man. In my mind's eye I picture him as the Indian warrior with his old dry scalps rattling aa he goes, running the gauntlet of the hooting shop boys in a civilUed town, with None bo poor to do him reverence. Even that youug larrikin, Punch, must needs pick up one of his cas'-off blunted tomahawks, aud try his feeble hand on the old man's war hardened hide. They say that in these colonies there is no romance, and that everything wears the raw gloss of extreme newness. Nonsense ! The country is strewn with relics of the past, monuments of bygone eras, such as I have described in the last paragraph. Age is merely comparative. Does anyone deny the antiquity of a mouldering ruin because the blocks of stone crumbling from its walls are themselves remains of past geological cycles. Why then deny us the possession of genuine antiques? It was only the other day I saw two human fossils meet in Queen street. They had lived in the Dirk Ages far back in the mist of (Queensland) centuries, about the time when "Billy Landsborough" reipned in Rolling Carpentaria. To the undiscerning eye they Beemed to be alive yet, but it was not bo. Some Melbourne speculators had found them in their remote solitudes, made them suddenly wealthy by buying their runs, and then, having killed their old life, left them to drift aimlessly along the tide of an unfamiliar civilisation in Brisbane. One poor Carpen tarian ghost gaxing with lack - lustre eyes on the stream of smug respectable strangers suddenly lit on his old comrade, en gaged in the same dreary amusement. They rushed together. There was a long clinging hand-grip, and a " Good Heavens ! is that you ; ain't you dead yet ?" Of course they found their way into the nearest public- house, and there wan a friendly altercation between " Tom" and " Ned" as to who thould stand treat. '1 he point settled, Tom gave his order, " Hum, my denr, and a good square nip." It cirue to Ned's turn. " A lemon squash," he timidly suggested. There was a pause of utter astonishment, a rush ing Btream of picturesque expletives, nnd at last articulate words : " Not in my company, Ned, not in my company. [ thought you had been dead, old man, and I was sorry to think it, but I never thought you would have come to thin." Jddgino by the efforts of sigu-'painters to dis play their ignorance, there is yet some slackness in dispensing the benefits of tree education. I ride in 'busseß occasionally, and have been njm«h. struck with the orthographic originality nf*yffi v artista employed to titivate these oftMH^"1 gorgeous structures. .The caution, '"l"jjtmmf strictly prohibited," is comprised in three not by any means uncommon word*, but they are spelled variously for,the benefit of the be* nighted 'bus traveller. In one of these necessary vehicles j the public are warned that smoking is ' ttrichley prohibited. In another the last word is written prohibated, an i in a third ,prohabeted. In many cases also, in* stead of leaving space, a comma or hyphen is inserted tietwtieh <ne words. Thin last, how ever, is a common device of sign painters, I pre sume, to obviate the necessity of leaving ugly gapß. After more than ten years of free educa tion, the schoolmaster ought to be abroad, but it is clear that if be is he generally walks, and avoids the omnibuses. The new member for the Darling Downs has been visiting Brisbane, and submitting hi* maiden request to each Minister. He bos either got everything he aaked, or been promised it, which is much the same thing, for don't we know that responsible Ministers of the Crown are like the curly-headed boy of the nursery rhyme f That young gentleman never told a—well, fib— and our excellent Ministers may be Implicitly trusted to follow his virtuous example. But Mr. Allan has possibly yet to learn that almost all Ministerial promises are conditional, and that it would have been very injudicious had the new member, who waa pledged to independence, been required to promise to vote correctly before the claims of his constituents were recognised. I really don't see how Ministers can decently refuse the Darling Downs people anything now, unless in their case virtue is held to be its own reward. Mb. Frederick Cooper's independence is characteristic. Who ever doubted that the junior member for the Cook would withdraw his sup port from Ministers if they neglected his consti tuents ? Or who can now doubt that they will at once accede to Mr. Cooper's demands, and consent to build the jetty, make the road to the tin mines, and survey a railway line to Herberton forthwith ? But will these be the sum total of his requirements ? Will he not also impose the condition that Ministers shall defend his precious revision of the statutes, no matter how great their inaccuracies ? He was a young Brisbane Press aspirant who had secured a good engagement on a country paper, and was full of newborn enthußiasm, and be was telling a group of friends his plans befora going away. " Next week," he said, " I shall have half my teeth drawn." His astonished friends pressed him for an explanation of so extraordinary a determination. Re offered first one then another improbable reason, till at last in a bunt of frankness he confessed, " You see, I got a good advertisement for the Thunderer Irom old , the dentist, on condition that I tool it out in artificial tetth." 