A COUPLE OF "OTJPS" AGO. Br K Wilms SWAN. Th* (mm that seemed to b« the blankest and barrenest thpre mi that of Bicbard Tracey. He eat four seats from the front of the grand-stand, and . the (light shadow of pain which had been upon him from the first teemed to hare deepened into bewilderment that carried a sense of ruic. Tracey's drawn feature! were those of a man who had etaked his last hope and saw it anatohed away. The last 017 and the last cheer of the teething crowd above and below him was all that had entered hie mind. It reverberated through brain and thought with echoes that died .way and swelled back again-like the volume of an organ peal, tike a distant ?lender cry, like the blare of a multitude. He had lost, and it was no wonder if his white hands trembled, or if, when he felt absently for his book, he could not find it. The clangour of roues, the people away before Urn, the sweeping course that had helped to ruin him, invaded by eager thousands^ died sway, and there was nothing presented in Its atead but blankness. He looked acrou the beautiful Bpring day, over the rustle and hollowness of sifi and laughter, and nothing presented itself but a great numb blank, with a dim writing upon it, that he knew but dared cot read. It was a sentence of disgrace and sooial death. There is no tale oftener told than this-not indeed by novelists, but by every newspaper in the country. In their columns is to be seen, week by week, the same story of shame, and sin and brokenness, always with the. same weary surronndings Xraoey was like many another. Alone in the world, he would have been brave enough to stand upand defy it. He would have laughed at its greed/ olamour and defied its dishonour able oodea of honour. If the oravera that he most soon meet wen all he had to think of he would have laughed at their evil oyer, but then waa more. Not 6 miles from where he sat Blood the rose-covered Alfred Oottage with its wide verandah and ice peace among the ' shadows in the breathings of the honey suckle*. There would bs waiting for him then on that evening a lady with reverent hair, and with a love that had never faltered and a pride always Mutated in the lonely looking man with tbe drawn fade four seats from the front of the grand stand, Beside bar i< waiting his yellowhairad sister with her fair patrioian faoe and that ran smile of wtloome be thought bo wi» Ding. But tor these tiro flgnife, one to beautiful in the calm of the winter, and the coming of the twilight, the other so bright in the spring time (hat bad oome waiting for the mellow summer thereafter-the path of one going softly down to peaoe, the path of the other going tip among the flowers towards happiness and bles sings-what need to hare eared lor all the rash and roar that was around him with the terror that was within f J That morning the two faoes were the pride and joy of his life, tout they held a fear for him now worse than death, as he sat there drawn and blank. "Now then, Dick," said a young fellow, working towards him amongst the Boats and the gay dresses with exultation on his fresh faoe, "the oup is over and yon told me to oome for you, you know. I've won the last sweep and Barbara gets the gloves. Itn. Tmcey said I was never lock?. Look there," disclosing a sovereign and a orown-pieae in his band, " oome on, Fa in haste to tell Barbara. Why, DloV, what's the matter P Are you ill F" and quick oosqern came to the speaker's f&oe; as he looked at bit friend. Traoey sat staring before him as unwitting of the voioe that had spoken as of the human figures before him. Neither the picture of the lawn with its unfolded trains and oon trasts of oolour, nor the masses of Ufe beyond, oaught his eye. There iras another picture before him and there was a purpose in it not consonant with the gaiety ana sheen of all else beside him, and of the bright day around and beyond him. The young fellow stooped low and spoke gravely : "People would think you were mad if they saw your faoe now. whatever it is you let ns get home, the people an beginning to observe you. Are you strong enough to corner1 Traoey seemed to shiver and poll himself together, fie quietly buttoned up his ooat, patiently and tremblingly returned the nook to his pooket and looked at his friend. " What were you saying, Charley P* "That you look as if yon were very ill, as If you bad suffered some sudden blow. The people are beginning to stars at you, Dink. Are you strong enough to -come home f" Traoey pulled his bat leaf down over his faoe ana rose. 111 don't think I am strong enough to go home-that is not yet. Let us try what a glass of brandy will do." Tin an hour a returning train landed both on the platform of the railway station, and they stood for a while looking up and down the empty streets, almost entirely swept of life ana full of sun and silence. " Give me your arm while we walk, Charley." He bad not spoken to bis oom panloa since they left the oourse till now, and his voioe was low and level and solemn. Charley looked and listened in a frightened way. Suoh pleasure as the day bad brought him appeared to have gone; suoh suooesses as he had met with were forgotten. 11 Tou asked me just now on the grand stand if I felt strong enough to go home. I mean a while ago. How long is it einoe P' " About an hour." ..The hours travel qulokly then; I thought misfortune made them slow," and the speaker laughed aimlessly- " I was going to say that I am not strong enough to go home, and you must go without me. I made an important engagement sinoe the Cap raoe, and just before you oame. I purpose fulfilling that engagement first." Charley stopped, and looked earnestly at the speaker. "Listen, we'll drive home and engage a whole oab to our two selven, Diok. Listen," and he shook the money in bis pocket. *. It won't be extravagant on a diy like this.*' The faoe of the elder remained impassive, and Charley's baud found its way to his shoulder. " Look at me, Diok-look at me in the eyee." *' Mr. Traoey looked at the epeaker wearily for a moment, as a sudden look of expression and yearning oame to his faoe. He put hie hand hastily before his eyes, and stood thus a moment beeide his waitingfriend alone in the still street, below the sun that was splashing the windows with gleam, and painting the spires, and stealing with its impartial brightness to alleys that were dank with owe. When he took his hand away, his faoe wore the expression that his friend had first notioed, but there was tenderness in his eyes. "It's no UBS, Diok," and there was a quiver of fear and affeotion on the sensitive mouth; "you must oome with me. Dear did Diok I 1 oannot go without you. You will oomeP' and the speaker's hand orept from the man's shoulder towards his faoe in a boyish, oaiessing fashion. Mr. Itiohard Tracey said, loudly enough to be heard, had anyone been near tnom on the street,'' I will not go with you f my engage ment is a. private one, and I intend to keep it. Good-bye." Charley was turning slowly in the direction of home, but Tracey hesitated, and oame baok hurriedly, with his hand held out in saluta tion. " Good-bye. God bloss you " When Charley Fern walked across the paddooks from the omnibus towards the rest* fulness of Alfred Oottago, the sun was grow ing yellow, and the shadows longer. The noise of the returning traffic was beginning to drift up from the road, just penetrating the repose that was in the heavy branches of tho pines. The little garden and lawn were walled in by hedge, biossoinod with briar and rose. Behind it was the patchwork of llowers, and beyond the sea. The dark shade of one of the trees had stretched away, aoross the path, and spanned the gravel from its root to the verandah, where it was mingling with tracery of creepers, whilo with bloom, and filled with fragrance. When he opened the gate he saw the afternoou's brightness on Barbara's yellow hair, and near by a face that was gray and tranquil. They were watching the sun spinning threads among the leaves, and waiting for the sound of footsteps. The calls of birds wero around them, striking through the wide, faint monotone of the sea. "Whoreis DiokP" asked Barbara meet ing him in the flush of the sunset. "Ho promised to return." Partly the sunlight, partly the darker back ground of the house and the flowers that lived around it, made Charley Fern forget the question for the questioner, and yet ho could not forget entirely the foreboding he carried with him when he and Tracey separated. "What a picture you would make if your portrait wore taken now, Barbara, in the middle of this sunset, with that background of flowers. How peaceful everything seems hore. Tho dust is rising on the road not a quarter of a mile away; look at it yonder with the sun oolouring it into a golden mist, and hero is nothing but freshness and grocn* ness and bloom. I won flvcand-Lwonly shillings, and you hare won the gloves. Look,' and ho showed tho girl tho money as he had shown it to her brother at tho grand stand. " Whore is Richard, Charley P" Mrs. Traoey was stauding near her daugh ter, &ud; the question cauie so earncstly.out of the pine shade that it silenced the speaker, seeming to show him the face ho had parted with in the empty sunny street. Charier replica with & new expression and a somewhat unsteady voice : " Ho lold me in the city he hod a short private engage ment to keep." "A short private engagementP He had none this morning " "I went to him immediately after the Cup | ?was run, and found him sitting staring at the j Flat as if he had dreamed a dream or been stupefied with a blow-" "Then he is ill, Charles Fern, and you are here without him." Charley felt something like a gasp in his throat as he went on to say : "I asked him at tho stand to come home with me, but he did not seem to hear for some time. After appear ing to think for a while, he rose and left with me for town. When there, he said he made the engagement just after the cup was run, and before I reaohod liim, and he must fulfil it." The sound of the traffic on the road had grown faint, the day had deepened into twilight, the voices of the birds had ceased. Mrs. Traeey moved out from the darkness of the shade as silently as the shadows them* selves were falling, and the folds of her dark dross mingled and merged with them, but her face and white hair wero as distinct in the dusk as her voice was distinct on the silenoe. " Did Biohard say he would come home P" f' He said his engagement was & short one." " It is growing cold Barbara; go inside Mr. Fern, and I can apeak here." Charley saw the white figure moving away slowly above the sound of walking upon the path, until the deepening twilight hid it, And the quiet of the finished day rested on both like a listening pause. " Now take your time, Charley; call upon your memory for every episode of the day sinoe you joined my eon, and tell me all you know, ana all that is in your thoughts. God help me j I feel a foreboding of sorrow !*' It might have been the something of sup fUcation that was in the firm voice ho had nown so long. It might be that his own fear for his mend was roused, but he told what he knew brokenly, as if he also felt there was a sorrow coming. " And, oh! believe me, Mrs. Tracer, I put my hand upon his shoulder as I used to do when I waa a boy, I mean younger than I am," he explained with a stammer. ' "and the words I said were, * Dear old I Bicklcan'tgoliome I without youThen 1 he answered shaiply j and loudly, but there was no one in tho street to hear, that his engagement was private. Her voice sounded broken and distant in the darkness as she spoke again: " This is not like my son. I do not re* cognise him. What else? I am waiting and afraid." "I turned to leave, andheturned, then came back a few steps, holding out his hand." Fern could but just hear the lady's voice, and he knew if tbero had been light he would have seen tears on her foe?. " What did he say ?" " He said good bye, and Gt>d bless you." In a moment her pale face was close to the speaker'*, and her hands were holding his. *' Charley Fern, for your poor mother's sake I have watched over you and loved you next to my own these many years. You will do my wish now as you always have, my son. You are my only and best dependence. This night you mnst go back to town and find Richard." Her hand had found his shoulder, just as his own had found and As plainly then as on the days that ware in those past years, cauio before hioi the i^rcen of the pasture lands nud the sombre tints where the heath blossom gleamed, and the rreat organ to ck* echoing hack the snusio of the sea. rested on her eon's a few hours before and with like persuading. "Do not return to Alfred Cottage without him." Fern could not see the faoe, but he could feel tho trembling hand. There was a pause \ the silence seemed heavier than before. "Did you ever know Dick to gamble ?" Charley felt the hand close upon Iris shoulder, and he knew the tone of bereavmcnt and fear that was in the answer. u Yes." "Do not star up, Mrs. Tracey. At any hour of the night, or of tho day, when *1 have found him, I will return." " Go | sec, it is dark, the lights aro shining out from tho Bay, and from the town. Charley, there is great danger. I can feel it, as though I know now wnat I shall know hereafter. Bemembor there arc sleepless eyes and maybe a breaking heart at Alfred Cottage. 1 can only pray ; the friend of the widow and of the fatherless, He will help you." The voice broke in sobs. He put his strong, young arm round her gontly, and held her hand, as ho led her to the verandah. He saw another figure Hitting up before them, and when ho brought the widow to the darker darkness, whore the climbing flowers were, her daughter's arm* were waiting, and her daughter's voice spoke bravely. Tho day was well advanoed townrds the afternoon when Mr. Trnecy, looking curiously tired and dusty, found his way to the hotel, where the gay and honourable men assemble who belong to the sporting cirole. The blooming wearers of blazing stones und heavy watch chains, and heavier faces-badness iu eyes and speech-hadnol yctcome. They were away using their metallic penoile ou the sward, contemplating their wives in the pigeons, and otherwise bustling nnd aggres sive with odds and lusty curses. There were other pale and drawn faers in the Stand in not a few seats of tho front, or froin the front. They wero scattcrod manywhorcB those drift* of fortune with the uniit huina of spent* lation on them. But the sporting men, with their hooks and bets, and battered codes of honour, were in huge form, exultant rod and loud. They had not yet returned from their harrost, and their hungering oyes were still greedy abore their figures. The counters of the hotel whero tho honour able circlo congregated were silent when traoey entered. Tho hawks had not flown homeward yet, to shriek tho odds for till following day and ruffle themselves colours above the chances. The barmaids wore dressed and silent, waiting for the irruption, and tho waiters saw Traoey walk wearily in towards one of the private rooms. He paused for a moment, came back to the counter and drank aome brandy, then entered and cloBed the door. A waiter of super natural observation drew a napkin through his hand and observed to a companion how he thought "that fere cove was hard hit." Tracy closed the door quietly behind him and sat down. He took a little phfa! from his pocket and pulled the paper from it, on whioh was printed a druggist's warning of poison. He looked at the liquid with a set despair ing face. In a few minutes he would be away over the threshold and into the gloom of the unknown, where were the sorrowful faces aghast of so many who had halted on the highway to heaven. Then rose before him the faoe of his mother. It oame to him as he had known it in the past, bright with life and happiness, and filled with A love for him that was almost worship. Not so long ago, it now Beemed to him, he remembered that faoe upon the sands, when tho clear sky line ruled his sight from the distant lands and the far seas she had told him of. As plainly then as on the days that were in those past years, oame before him the green of the pasture lands and the sombre tints where the neath blossom gleamed, and the great organ roots eohoingjjback the*muslo of the sea -there the tender faoe, with its light that was all for him, with its mothers trust and pride, and the wondering eyes of Barbara near. These followed him; these were drawing him b&ok; across the years into the times when the days seemed so full of hope and love. They were In every picture that floated by; they were with him in the , evening times when the saoredness of the dying day olothed with golden blessing the silent trees and the distant mountains; when the sadness that is not sorrow fell upon him, mixed with hope for the future and the coming days when he should go out for them in the sun rise of life to disoharve the debt that had made his so happy, ana bestowed upon it so much that was beautiful and fair. While these thoughts were with him the phial lay in hip palm, and with them he drifted from the past into the future. His mothers hair was white now; how would her tranquil faoe look when she received the news f He oould pioture the hopelessness and the deso lation of it. How would he have returned the blessings and the love he had enjoyed P Her eon, afraid to meet his own work, and coward enough to eeek death, found dead in a " sporting" hotel, she wrecked of every thing, and without the oonsolation of the memory of him, that he was also about to wreok. Her home, her means of living, her support (rone, doubly widowed, and hopeless and lost. And Barbara, with her bright hair and noble face, toiling for the susten ance that he should have toiled for, unpro* tooted, and trampled on by tho hurrying feet of the striving world-the rnfined home Sone, mother and sister adrift-where f [r. Riohard Traooy raised his hand, and the little crystal thing he had spent so long in trying to obtain was shivered in fragments below the grata, while a perfume an of almonds or of wattle blossom filled the room. He had no idea whether the pictures whioh swam before biin had oooupied an hour or threo. Tho room was dark, and the sounding of feet and hum of voioes from whioh oath and malediction shot,beat against the door. A thin line of light crept under it at the threshold from where the voioo* were wrangling and jarring, where hoarse laughter shook them, emphasised with culls and janpling- glasses. From his window ho could seo the oalm stars and the quivering pathway the moon was making on the boh. The temptation had been overeomo, but tho trial be had determined to avoid was waiting, bitterer than over. Ho hud wreckcd his home, and in his reoklessneae had thrown his mother's nud sister's money to the greed that was surging out beyond the line of light ruled Micro at the door. Voices stopped at it and passed it j disordered and triumphant men rolled against it and staggered on- past the scene of a bitterer simple than any on the course that day. Traeey listened in a stupor of mental oxhaustion. A Imud c:uuc out of tho babel, fell upon the handle, lioni* 1 tilled, and left it. Shouts of anger and 1 mocking voices cmuc in across the narrow line of light, llow long would thoy ami the : flaring pandemonium hare hulteil if lie had I been carried out stark ? Such was (he world, or a part of it, on which hn contemplated I turning his mother and sinter adrift. God ' help him { he leaned over toward* the i window silently, and, chnstcnud by the ropl that was in the silver night and the beauty that was in tho glitter of the distant, sea, he prayod and wept. " In there, sir, tho gent went, but thnt wore in tho afternoon,' said the discrimin ating waiter, point ing to the door. And the door that had shut him with'.his thoughts to long) opened wide and the glare and confusion tided in. Richard Traccy was over by the window, looking while, before the dun light that met the darkness. Charley Fern wm on the threshold, looking- bewildered arid nervous. So had wandered everywhere he could think of, and the present was his third visit to the honour* able circle of sporting gentlemen. The waiter slipped in nimbly, and tbo room beo&me; as bright as the bar beyond. " Oh, Dick, I-I havo boen searching for you since eight o'clock, and Mrs. Tracey is frightened and heartbroken, fearing that something has happened. Thank G-od I have found you alive and well-that is middling. Dick, lot ue go hom» . I was getting afraia, too ; it is past midu.^ht." 11 Sit down, Charley; I want to speak to you." " Wait till we get home, Dick. You look like a ghost ." Mr. Traoey went on without heeding the request; "I told you to-day I waa not strong enough to go home, and that I had an engagement to keep. I am scarcely strong enough to go home even now, and 1 have not kept the engagement I made. If it had been fulfilled you would have found me lying dead on that sofa. Do yon tee thorn sparkling pieces of glass below the grate and smell the perfume of almonds f I oast the temptation from me, Charley Fern, and did not oommitsuioide." The pale, nerveless faoe, and the unsteady boding of the eyes, so altered his friend to Charley Fern that he scarcely knew him. " Did you ever see a man weeping? If you had been here an hour or hours ago, I oannot tell when, you would have seen me here weeping and praying. Oh! the trial will be terrible! and I am not yet strong enough to go homo and disclose to them their misery" "Their miseiyF" 1'Their misery; that they are penniless out* oasts and beggars, that the old home, our old home Charley, is lost to us, that their shares in the railway and the bank, are lost, that bills are unpaid, and that I-" be struck his breast savagely with his open hand, " whom thev looked to as their support have brought ail this ruin and dis#raoe upon them. Look at me well Charley Fern, I have done it all." u Bat-" "Ay, you would ask how I have done Itf Seeking to retrieve losses wider the cursed spell of the gambling spirit, I plunged with my mother**) sisters money time after Hmn And T trlml 1a win it all back this Cap. He laughed and wiped the sweat from his forehead and his wet, brown hair. "Ton stay with us till after the holidays, Charley, till after the holy CbrUtmaatlde that used to be ao happy in the old house. It is your last Christ mas visit my dear old friend; you will see us as of old no more. I am as strong as most men and loan alare and toil, bat, oh I my mother and my sister, and the dis grace of it. And all through me whom they trusted and honoured and Wed." The faoe of Charley Pern was as white as the speaker's now, but J for all his whiteness and his fear, he said slo wly and solemnly as if he had aged, *'I shall see more of you than ever. What is to be done oannot be done here Oiok, let us go home." They rose and west oat and as they orossed the brightly lighted place, shouldered and ouraed at by drunken men wild .with debauoh, the name Riohard Traoey was oalfed hurriedly. He faltered an instant, but his friend's arm was linked in his, bearing him away from tHe ories and throes of the Striving onnrnnrjm " Come on,'' whispered Charley Fern sternly between bis teeth, '* tbev have given us trial and sorrow enough. Your mother is praying and watobing and waiting. Thank God, you have escaped and that I have found you. Diok this is terrible." The light was filtering out from the wia~ dow upon the dark flra as Traoey end Fern walked up to Alfred Cottage. Traoey envied the repose that seemed all around, and hall regretted that be too was not lying stilled from the trouble that was coming, and the blank and prospeotless future that was so surely sottliug down. The door was opened gently, and the friends entered with the manner of trespassers carrying some mc68Age of sorrow. In the widow s eyes there wah only a look of thankfulness. Acrons her old face so beautiful with the seal of years there travelled an expression of iutensc relief, and the calmness that trial and ghadows in the past had wrought upon her came back. "You are late, Riobard; your absence {lightened ua, and Charley here kindly undertook to find you." The words were uttered in the lady's quietest tone and in her gentle way, but Fern caught the look of thankfulness and gratitude hIio gave him, and felt rewarded and proud, notwithstanding the cloud that wm9 soon to breuk. Mrs. Traoey looke I for a moment keenly at her son's faoc, and rose hurriedly with a new expression on hers-an expression of ftruine«H aud of Kuffcriug. 14 Will you have anything to eat, Bart ara has gone to bed P" The baud of Mrs. Traoey that rested on the table was trembling, though she looked no calm of manner and spoke so quietly. There wa« fear in her eyes, and the shadow of tjomo returned pain on her iaoe. "Mother," Fnid Tracey, disguising nothing of tho Mtuation in voioe or look or gesture, Tim less disguised that bis voioe was cold, that his eyes were hot and glitter' ing, that his faco was set and pitUeBB. " Do you know what 1 am and what. I have done P You do not know-how oould you P-that X have been a traitor to you and to my sister, and that I, whom you trusted and loved as an only a mother like you can love, have ruined you both. You do sot possess s farthing in tho world, it is all gambled and gone ; and this homo "-he stopped for u moment with tho light full on his blanobed features, and held his hand out before bim hk poiuling to it-" w lost to you for ever. I) > you quite comprehend, mother, that the rou you ioved PO through every year and 4jour of his life that he oan remember, has robbed you and your daughter so oomjpletely that you may be outcasts in the (treat to-; morrow, and that from the sorrow , misery of the ooming Christmas ftm* tlun is no escape P That son has been for boon to-day standing on the verge ot eternity* It was not the fear of the dadknoss that I detained him. Death offered psaoe, and, the I grave would hide his ahame. It was his I mother's face, as ho had known it yean tgo, i as he knows it now, that saved the would-be I euioido from the orowning aot of treaohery." I Mrs. Traoey's lips had quivered more than onoe. The rising and faiiing of her breast told how the woraa had reached her, bat she felt what her son would say before he spoke. It was the bearing of atrial she had borne before. Her husband's face was with her In the face of her son, telling a like story thus pitilessly against himself. That was thirty years ago, and together they had fought the loss and won the fight, Oooe beyond the i chasm, it was passed tor ever. The union of the struggle nad united them closer, and, deepened tneir love. Often from the bright ness surrounding them they had looked Sack to that time to see how' strength and Ught were revealed through darkness, and to aoknowledge the guiding hand* And Mrs, Tracer lifted up her ftrand grey faoe, blight and hopeful, and filled with tmngth and yearning. 41 Rionard Tracey is my son, for whom J shall never fee) ashamed. He has errea, he has sinned, but the danger has passed and' the trial has began. His mother is brave enough and strong enough etill to faoe mis fortune, and her daughter "-her vofbe shook and failed a moment) but she went on steadily-" and her daughter is strong and brave too. The Christmas days that are ooming may find us in distress, and their; brightness may be gloomed, but they will never find us in despair. My son has brought to me the gift of his life. ' All that I have is thine.*" Biohard Tracey eat down silent with his unaltered faoe. There were tears in Oharley Fern's eyes, bnt he hid.them in the shadow. That early morning, when the moon had passed and the only sound abroad was in great bushings of the oonstant sea, Mrs. Traoey opened the door of her daughter's room and came softly to her bedside. " Dlok is baok, mother. I oould not deep till I heard his voioe." " Barbara, my child, we will sleep together and together await the light. I am grow* i ingold, and our night may be very long." , «ere were the marks of tears ana of deeper lines below her wintry hair. I News of the illnsw of Biohard Traoey was1 conveyed to the offioe, but It was not ens* peoted that he was siok unto death of that, portion of his past life whioh had ended' with the oontemplation of his dark depart ure. He lingered for weeks on the border land in1 fever, amongst the pictures that had eohie ; to him in the sporting hotel and held him< baok from pasong beyond-the curtain ioto'j the shadows. The air that camedownsoftlyi| from the hills to meet the breathings of tibe ' sea, and the tender fragrance and freshness it carried from the flowers and the forest,;) were the blessings of the day, but the dark ness of the ooming storm was lingering end inevitable behind. His home, his mother and sister had never before seemed so beauti ful as now. The preoiousness of the hajppi-i ness he had flung away with reckless hands was never BO olear before. Every figure that epproaohed him mlg^t I be the bearer of the first tidings of the wreok, and his mother and sister, and Charley Kern, knowing all, were braver than he. u he saw a line or a darkening thought upon his mother's faco, bitter, upbraidiags swept him like a stormj and brave Charlqy haa been busy gaining knowledge and asking questions day by day for hie information. Charley had found a cottage; he had learned that Tracer's employers were fooling the want oooasioned oy his absence, but of all subjeote there was no mention of tbo fatal Cup day or its sorroundings. As his mother's hand had supported him by the eea so many yean ago, her arm supported Jiim now, but more than all her undaunted heart and her unshaken faith sad trust. The Christmas season,at least,was the time for thankfulness i from it the graoe reached her that enabled her to keep hope end look out steadily on the trial. It was the time for happiness and gratitude, fore gift that was greater than all that oould be lost* Why should she repine at e time when the voices of angels bad swept ! the sky in praise above the humble Bethlehem | and below the Stan P One day before the gloamings that were dazzling andshootingat them from the waters: j -" If I nad but told you all,mother,before tlie | ruin oame. If you but knew my fear for you and the contempt for myself when I looked at your peaceful faco sobeautifulto me below the age it carries. To you I owe a socond life." And sho lookod upon him with infinite tenderness and pride, and said, " I am glad to sec you more hopeful and stronger for the coming trouble. The darkness of it is nearly over, and there will come soon the shining of the true light. Here is Charley hurrying down from the house. Ho is troubled by the way he walks, Richard. The lightness and buoyancy seem to have left his figure. This is the beginning of it, my son, bo strong." Charley looked at Mrs. Tracey with an air ao unmistakably embarrassed that the lady walked away towards the cottage-»maybe for the last time sho could call it nen-and as she walked her sight was blurred with tears, and alone she bore her burthen of the tribula tion " Dick," spoke Charley, hurriedly looking round. " Do you remember the nitfut of the Cup day when wc walkod through the crowd of sporting men out of the hotel, and ono shouted out your namo-a tall, handsome man all aglittcr with studs and chains, and a flowing beard ?" " t remember the night but dimly, Charley j but I recognise the man you mean, ao answered as a suspicion of*tbo old blank came to his faoe. He mot me in the street to'day, and nsked where you were, and he seemed so indignant that you had not called on him. He gave mo this letter, which he said he would liavc sent to you long ago, but that he was not certain of jour address. Never mind, Dick, the sooner it is over the better. There is the letter." Charley, all hot and anxious as ho was, stood for a moment irresolute, but when he saw the suffering on his friend's face, ho too, walked slowly towards the cottage. Mr. Trncey road SIR,-Although thai decision of them stewards makes you the winner, IVo half a mind not to pay. If you don't choose for to put in an appearance I'm -- if I am going to look after ycr sugar, and you the heaviest clincher of tlio lot that I havo got. Two-thirds of my Cup profits arc gone on the softest thing I hud, at loast I thought so, and it would licr been, only Pluto ran insido. I never knew a man too - proud to come for his soin yet, but you. I now send you a cross chequo for £3500, and please aoknow* lodge receipt, prompt. I wouldLn't hev gone to this trouble only wo hev done business be* fore, which I hope is not the last. I'll take 10 to 1 on Oboron or 6 to 1 on Spenoer, that's short enough odds. I know after this youll giro mo & lift lo get my book round .-Youra, I Sc., JOSIAH HiHBBKT. F.8.-1 near you her more bets of the e&rae; sort out. Don't loss do more lime About getting them in. The foolieher the bet is the better the luck sometimes. Don't- touch Stockings, lie baa gone croqkcd, J. H. Biohard Traoey tumea giddy <rad sat down to think. In the vague whirl of hie thought* he remembered that u matters had turned out owing to the etewardi' decision he must be one of the heaviest of the winner*. ' The cloud had no sooner tallen than it VU lifted. The sorrow of the trial had been passed through, and, it had taught ite own merciful lesson. The hand that had brought him through the darkest passage of his life was . full of gifte, and aamed a warning never to be forgotten. Behind the dark Christmas cloud was. brightness, and the oloud was big with blessing. When Trftcej entered the cottage his mother started in {ear at bis faoe, not knowing what the change meant. The ^tpression that had been gradually deserting him for so long had returned, and the look she to well remembered in the boy's faoe on the sands was back again to the man onoa - toore. . " Biohard, -what-what is-your faoe is . kJiffetenti What iis the happiness and why the joy that have dome to you." I ? ? ? . 6aid Oharley Fern, pleadingly, in the garden: "You sailed me your eon tint night, and {ibroaght him bank. Let me have the tight to .oall'you mother.'' ? Ana Mil. rraoey took hia fresh strong faoe in her white hands, draw it towards her, and kissed hia fonhaad. "Charley, my son," and there was gnat love and softaesa in bar TOioe, "toy Ohrirtmae sift to yon will hatha greatestamother oau bestow. Bar bant is youra." 