BOUTH AUSTRALIAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY. She annual meeting of the Bonth An*. ttalian auxiliary to the landon Missionary Society mi held in the Korth Adelaide Congregational Church on November 7. She pnhlio meetiDg m preceded by a tea, both ot the gatherings being weU attended. At the alter meeting Mr. B. Searle oooapied the chair, and in hit opening remarks dwelt upon the importance of missionary work, and the great retulta which were being achieved by tnistionaries in all Daits of the world. The Bev. T. Hope (secretary to the auxiliary) read the annual report, and stated that it had been decided not to bold the meeting in April or M»y a* usual, and tnat consequently the repeat was confined to the ten month* con. it cueing on December 1 last year and end ing on September 80 thi» year. The report ?tated that communication had been opened np with the parent eociety with a view to obtain ing b ore direct information with regard to the labors of the mueionaries, and it was hoped tbat the reaaeat made that missionaries might be allowed to visit the colony occasionally and give accoants of their work would be agreed xo. A cordial welcome was extended to the B*v. & MoF&rla;&e.; who is returning to Hew Guinta after a biief absence, and to Dr. £-dgiey( who is eeoompanjiug htm in the petition of medical missionary. The visit of the ltcV Bamoel HeMifcch to the colony was ctferred to with pleasure, and the hope was expresstd that his suggestion that the ladies should form committees to collect Iunds and send them ^ocio to the parent ecoietj in order that lady Oii-c:i.i-«ries might be sent to preach the gospel, would betaken np and Euoceuf ully carried oat. The work done fcy the parent aooiety during the past year was adverted to, and was shown to have been of a out successful nature. Mr. D. .Robin (Treasurer) read the financial statement for the ten months, from which it appeared that £875 9s. bad been colleoted, as against £540 raised daring the previous twelve months. Xhere were yet amounts to be received haw aver. The balance in hand in December last was £326 6s. 41, and £000 bad been remitted to Londrra, while £60 had been subscribed to the Aborigines Friends Society. There was a balance of cash in hand of £19 12s. The Bev. 8. MoFarlane, being unable to attend the meeting on account of a severe oold, sent a very interesting address on New Guinea, which was read to the meeting by Mr. G. F. Doolette. New Guises, was dealt with from historical, scientific), political, commercial, and religions points of view, and the mner showed that since the ad vent of the missionaries a great change had come oTer the face of the country and over its inhabitants. The missionaries had opened up 600 miles of the coast line; had established thirty mission stations ; had reduced four lan guages to writing; had translated school-books ?ndfatechiBma;whiletbemanychapelsandschooIs eetabliahed in connection with the tnisiionstations gave evidence of the great work which was being done. The paper concluded wiih sanguine anticipations ef a hopeful future for New Guinea and its people. Dr. Bedgley gave an interest ing aooonnt of the institution formed in London lor the training of stolen ts for the medical profession, in order that they might be useful in spheres of missionary labor. The following Dffioers for the ensuing year were appointed on the motion of the Rev. O. Copland, seconded by the Rev. W. B. Fletcher:— Treasurer, Mr. B. Searle ; secretaries, the Hev. T. Hope and Mr. D, Bobin ; committee, the Bevs.F. W. Oox, W. ». Fletcher, M.A ,O. Copland. O. Manthorpe, J. BfcKwin, J. O. Kirby, and F. Searle. the Hon. J. Pickering, MX.O., and Messrs. T. Frost, J. F. Oonigtave, G.Phillips, A. Stow, J. Pickering, Inn., J. J. Stacker, O. Bmedley, W. SL Phillips, W. Butt, OX , 6. P. Doolette, and O. H. Harris. The anniversary services of the United Vethodist Obnroh, Waymonth-etxeet, were held on Sunday, November 6, when sermons were preached in the morning by Mr. O. Loader, and in the evening by the circuit minister, the Bev. B. P. Mudge. On Toesday tea and pablio meetings were held and were largely attended. She Hon. J. Pickering, M.L.O., presided at the latter meeting, an 1 said he was glad, to note the improvement in the building. The Bev. B. P. sHudge in his annual report spoke of the eon tinned prosperity of their ohurohes at home and in the provinces, and stated that the missionary fund was larger than in the previous year. Addresses were given by the Rev. T. A.Glasson, late of Victoria, Messrs. W. Pollard and B.Gill. She choir sang several anthems, Miss Mudge presiding at the organ. The anniversary services in connection with the Brompton Wesleyan Ohurch were celebrated on Sunday and Monday, November 6 and 7. On Sunday two sermons were preached to very large congregations : hi the morning by the Kev. G. B. Kowe (reoently fro a England), and iu the evening by the Bev. J. Y. Simpsan. She Bev. Samuel Knight conduced a floral service in the afternoon, when the church was crowded with attentive listeners. The edifice was very tastefully decorated with flowers, pot plants, and evergreens. The rev. gentleman epebe from the words contained in the 12th chapter of St. Luke, 27th verse, ' Consider the lilies,' and in a veiy able manner described nbat the text meant and taught. The Bar vice was a thoroughly enjoyable one. Oa Monday the annual tea and publio meetings took plaoe, Btd were well attended. Mr. J. O. Minns presided at the business meeting, and deli vered a practical address. The treasurer, Mr. James Harvey, read the treasurer's state ment which showed the total receipts during the year to have been £61 1 8s. 2d., and the ex penditure £672 9*. Sd. The Bevs. G. B. Kowe. J. Y. Simpson, B Knight, and James AJlea de cervices the ohoir rendered selections from 'Judas Maccabeus' in an able manner ncder the leadership of Mr. T. W. Lawton, Mr. A. Pnddy presiding at the organ. Toe col lections were satisfactory. A confirmation service was conducted by the Lord Bbbop of Perth in St. Peter's Cathe dral on Monday evening, November 7. There ?weie 88 female and 38 male candidates for the rite, and the remainder of the building was thronged with their friends. The procession, oontiitirsg of the Bi-hop of Perth, the Bishop of Adelaide, the clergy and the choir, formed at toe chcir vestry and proceeded to the entrance of (be cathedral, where the clergy fell back ou either side of the central passage while the bishops advanced, the processional hymn 270, A. and 2L,** soldiers ot unnst arise being sang zt can while. The candidates were next brought jn and seated under tbe direction of their clergy, the other parochial clergy and the cathedral ckrgj taking up positions on either side of the biehope. After the reading of the preface by the Bev. Canon Dendy, D.D., the Bishop of Perth delivered a simple and earnest address to tbe candidates, in tbe coarse of which he xeferied to the occasion which had brought them together. Confirmation was the ratification of the vows and promises made at their baptism on their behalf, and implied not merely a deter mibatieo to abstain from evil, but a resolve to take Christ for their example. They were Obriftians before, but confirmation was it means of grace intended to strengthen them for the battle of life as they entered upon it. His lordship concluded his address by enforcing on the candidates the necessity for the regular observance of religious exercises, and a high resolve to be guided through life by the Divine will as expressed in the Scriptures. After tbe candidates had been questioned the versio'es and oolleot were repeated, and hymn 347, 'Come, Holy Ghost, Creator blest,' wag sung. After the confirmation ceremony was concluded each candidate was presented with a memorial card from the Bishop of Adelaide. The service was brought to a termination by the siegirg of the reoetsional hymn 891, ' Onward Christian soldier*, marching aa to war.' Mr. A. Sonlt presided at the organ. ' J.XIO VUIUUUW UUO VJ VUV COTU1 fcU behave in a way aa though desirous of showing that the unfortunate disability of being able to learn nothing and forget nothing attached to them all,' writes the Australasian. 'At one of the latest instances of this incapacity we may refer to a report presented to All Saints' Ohuroh Union, Melbourne, held the other day, in which tbe fear is expressed ' lest our church's teaching be overwhelmed by the united waves ef secularism, infidelity, and dissect which seem fast washing out all the reverence and awe of God ai d His holy thing*.' Now we all know what is meant bv 'secularism and infidelity' when the words are need by churohmen. aud know tbat what are believed to be very terrible ? things are thus designated. But what is 'dis sent,' which we find associated in the work of ?washing out all the reverence,' and so forth? Whatdoeathe word mean? Itusimply employed, we presume, to designate everything whoh dorfi not form tbe chnroh *? it u underAtood bv the All Saints' Onuroh Union. Thus we have all tbe ncembera of all the Presbyterian, Wetltjsn, and Congregational ohurohes, and kicdn d wota, combining with wicke 1 secularists acd infidels to wash ont everj thing which the All faints' Church Union wishes to form a bit at water round. The feeling which talk such as t)- in indicates is not to be reasoned with. It is u.trelj to be pointed out as an anaohronism and a cuiiceity. It has not even the negative jrtr:t o( being sincere, but is a mere silly affes* t»tjoi. of intolerar.ee whioh has died oat of every mind in ever) civilised community. Still, tboDffa tbe intolerance, which was once very terrible in its eficctt, has gone, the pretenoe of it itnainv, and under its pretenoe expressions are u.ed wbioh can only be regarded as offensive bj tbe other Christian churches against whioh tLey are directed.' 