? Tales & ^feetettes:; ? THE MISSION OF CAPTAIN BOB THOMPSON'S GHOST, A GAXLANT 1U2SOTJE IN M.ID-O0EAN. 'Of course, sir,' said the old sailor the other day ns we sat together as UBUal,' 'it ain't necessary for me to tell you, as has know'd me these many years, that I ain't no bbliover in ghosts ; still there's ' things as happens in the recollection of most everybody as they can't explain nohow, and they jist has to lot 'em go for what they're worth ; take 'em alongside, attempts for to hist 'em in- I minds one ; of them things jist now, as I've made it a; rule never to tell 'cept to people aa was. ?well acquainted with me, for fear they might think as I were a-yarnin'. - ' I suppose, air, as thero never weren't 'two as wus faster friends than Captain : JBill Jackson, of the ship Ariel,' atid Cap ,tain Bob Thompson, of the ship Mysore. 'Goin' in the Liverpool trade reg'lar and aailin' alwuys within a week of each ' other, tlwy was always together for a fortnight or so in Liverpool and .likewise jtha same in New York. Captain Bill ' were married, which Captain Bob weren't, -but that didn't make no difference, 'cause' ..when in New York Captain Bob always lived at Captain Bill's home and in Liverpool they boarded together. ? '1 were into the Mysore afore the : mast when Captain Bob' had her leaving Liverpool in the month of December, 1853, 1 think it' were, but ain't sartin as to the year ; but I know that the Ariel \- had gone out of dock about a week ahead ,,of us, Captain Bill havin' his wife and two children aboard. Both ships had , passengers, though, as 1 recollect, neither . of 'em was full,' it bein' the winter time, when there weren't so many a-goin'. _j j, ?' We had a good time clearin' the ~ land, catchin' a sou'wester off the Skerries, tiie old man stuck her out of the North Channel, the wind holdin' till he was well -'clear of the Irish ' coast, and in the ' nor'wester which followed we giv it to , her big, and went to the suth'ard kitin'. ? Arter that we had the usual luck of a, -.winter passage and hammered away to' the west'atd till pretty nigh up with the Banks in the latitude of 46, or there abouts, when we got a most tremendous gale of wind from sou'west, which brung us down to a close-reefed maintopsail and ? fordtopmast staysail, and fearin' the Bhift the old man weared her round, puttin' ?her head to the suth'ard aud eaBt'ard, which are the right thing for to do, sir, ~»nd many a ship has been, lost for not ? 'doin' of it, gittin' ketched aback in the 'terrible flurry; from the nor'weat as l' always fillers ; these sou' westerly gales.' 'If your head are to be suth'ard of course it hits you aft, and there ain't no harm done, but of course, all' the while you're * headin' to the southeast the variation and leeway are both agin you, and you ?make eaatin' ? fast, which aint consolin' when you're bound to the west'ard. ! ','It were iour bells in, the middle 1 'watch' when the 'old man come to the con clusion as he daredn't let her be on to the port tack no longer. She had then the ?'reefed foresail and close- reefed foretppsail .onto heri'ahd'it were a blotvin' a awful ?',hard gale, with'rainand tremendous' high 'sea. ' Call all . ha'ndsj' says the old man '?'to the mate,' 'and we'll git her head to the suth'ard, and heave her top.' Keep a few hands for'ard, arid as soon' as she's off afore it git' that port foretack and, \- sheet unhooked from the clew -jit. you ( ;kin, and run the foresail up snug while . she's a goin' round. Let the rest on 'em .come aft to the weather main braces.' I 'It weren't no fool of a job to, wear 1 ship in that sea, but the old man knowed how to do it, bein' a good sailpr ^-'man, if ever there was one. The second ; 'mate stood by the lee main brace and one '?of the hands at the lee .' topsail brace, i ? AcoupleofuBJwasattheweathermainbrace. ' ?When we was all ready the' 'old man ' . ' 'Says : ' Let her luff now all she will,' and ; ? as the weather leech of the topsail lifted ' 'he sings out, ' Slack away the lee braceB, \- 'handsomely ; haul in to wind'ard ; hard up the helm ; keep your eyt» on, the top sail (to the second) and don't let it git ,, aback ; just keep it shiverin' nicely as ., she goes off.' . \ ' Off she went like a daisy, keepin' ? ,.j good headway on, as she drew abaft this ,', beam the lee braces was let go altogether ? and .we rounded in on the port, ones all , - we could without backin' the sail. When ;., the wind were only a pint on the port .'??-quarter tho old man sings out again: * Jump for'ard to the head braces, now, ,- all but two or three hands,' as will stay I hero to take in the slack of the port ?braces as she comes to the slack away the fore-sheet and starboard fore braces ; haul up the port clew of the foresail there, for'ard; lively, ihere, now ; don't let —them head sails git aback for your lives.'. \- Away went the head yards flyin' aa the wind came in on the starboard quarter ''and afore she could come to the mate had ' the foresail up snug. We didn't let ' the head yards go chock for'ard, but n for'ard, and whole of us, and clewed tho fore- topsail right up. Then we mustered aft and braced the mainyard up sharp and bpw3ed tho starboard brace well taut and after braein' about the crochick , .and mizzontopsail yards, we hauled the fore-braces and lifts well taut and laid ?aloft and stowed the foretopaail, mittenin' the foresail as we laid down, and there she Were, just as snug va a tmg, without I ever carry in' away a rope-yarn. I know when our side went below at eight bells and lit our pipes we Baid, 'Now let it blow and be ? ; we're all right,' cause we know'd when it shifted it would ketch her aft, and she just come up to west, sou'west, or thereabouts, and we hadn't got to look out for nothin'. The shift come about eight. o'clock in tho mornin1, and it were a awful ono as ever I seen. Hittin' us aft as it did, we thought for a while as everythin' would go out of her, and so vqry violent were it that the old man daren't bring her to, but jiat lot her run aforo it. Arter a hour, howsever,the fust flurry was ovor, , the big-drop rain stopped, and the clear blue sky began for to show to thenorth'ard,audbydegreeswe let her come Tip to ifc,havin' fust puta jumper on to the mainyurdarm, and settled the topsail yard on to the lifts. She come to lovely, and everythiu' stood like a charm, and the old man says to the mate, cheerily, ' Thank God for the next breeze; we're sure of this one. I'm goin' below for to take a nap ; give me' a rouse at seven bells ef T don't turn out.' ' Aye, aye, Bir,' says the mate, and the old man went down, but in less than. a half hour he come up again; and says, he::1 'Mr Morton (that were the mate), I've had the gingierest thing happen asl ever knowed.' ? ? ; : : ' What were that,- sir ?' says the mate. 'iWell,' says the old man, ' I'd; just throwd otf my dunnage and was goin' for to roll in to my bunk, when who should I see a sittin' bolt upright in the bunk but my old friend Bill Jackson.' ' ' , . .' You mean, sir,' says the mate,; laughing, 'that you think you seen him; cause of course, you didn't see no sich a thing. If I was you I'd take a good stiff horn of grog ; this temperance lay of yourn (Captain Bob were a teetotaller) are all very well ashore, but it don't do at' sea nohow. If you aint got none of your own, sir, I've got some rare old stuff, as would lay all the ghosts this side of Jordan.' 'I not only seen him,' Bays the old mag£ ' ' but I heerd him speak as plain as I^nears you.' J 'What did he say?' says the mate. 'He said,' says the old man, ' don't turn in, Captain Bob ; go out and wear her round to the north'ard.' ' 'I'll go right down,' says the mate, 'and fetch you a caulker ; you need* it, sir ; bein' on deck all night haB kind of unstrunged you, and you won't sleep un leBS you take somethin'for to steady your nerves.' ? 'All right,1' says the old man, ' I'll take it at a medicine, but I'm dead aginlit as a beverage.' -?? ' '-.??? ?' -. 'Well, air,' the mate went downy Trot he were up agin afore you could say ' Jack Bobinson. :?????/?'.:' 'Cap'n Thompson', 'he says,, and his face were as white ;as asheeV '.let's call all , hand,8 , and ..wear her round ; Oap'n1 Bills in my room ..now '?';. I aeenhimas plain' as T see you, sir.' ? . '' '' ' '' ' ^'Is'that so?' says '_tte' old man.' -,''., ; ,. '-Jisl as sure'as' you're born, sir. '.' I opened, the room ;dopr, and. there he sat; on my;c^ist,wi,tli the '.bottle 'of grog in his hand.T', V.'.^oii.' can't ?'ha'ye.'nphe of this-'i sa^s.he,' till, yon Vgit her head to the north'ard.'' '' ' ,'? ;?,.. ' I . . ' Callall hands to wearship,'says theold man,' 'in'd letl'em put the reefed foresail onto' her 'fust, ? or' I'm afeard she won't go 'off, the'. old' sou'west sea is so heavy under her bow.' . ' ' ? ?' ? .' '''''Well, sir, arter we got her round it1 were nigh'hatid onto four bells, but afore 1 were relieved from the wheel, where I'd been. Bince our side come to deck, I heard the old man say, ' I don't purtend to know what this means, Mr Morton, but I'm so sure it means soraethin', that I shall, keep her on this tack till dark. I thihkj too, : we'll hurry her a bit ; afore the men go below let them gire her the reefed mainsail and fore and mizzen top; Hail ;? I giiess she'll carry 'em, and it's sure to moderate' now the .wind has got to the north'ard.'' ;, [ ' 'Well, sir, the man had no sooner got onto the foretopsail yard for to loose the sail than he sings but: 'Sail on the lee bow.'' . . . . ? ..,, ... .,. . ,,-.- ' 'What do you make of her ?' says the mate. ? .' .' ; '?'?; ? ? i; ? ????? ' Can't make her 6ut at all,' says the man, ' she's top far off.' ' Well, sir, under the increased canvas we began' to forge ahead probably three or four knots an hour. The weather was beautifully fine. A.clear blue sky overhead and blight sunshine ; the sun glare bein' directly in our wake, makin' our track. as bright as silver. The wind, howsever, still blew a gale from the nor' west, and i the, sea beginnin' to get up from that direction, meetin' the swell made by the sou'west gale, made a ugly cross bubble, Ifrom the tops of which blindin' clouds of spray was blowed aboard of us, drenchin' the ship fore and aft. The sun astern of us shinin' through this spray formed a perpetual rainbow ahead of us, which we seemed ever approachin' and never quite reachin'.' 'In about a half hour the mate took a glass and went aloft onto the foretopsail yard. He soon come down agin', his face wearih' a very :grave expression. 'It's a wrack,' said he to the old man, ' and arter what me and you lias seen, of course, we know what ship it are.' ' ''Poor Bill,' says J the old man, 'he were the beat match at backgammon I I ever fell in with. ' fle|s gone, I doubts, not, but there's others there that he wants us to save, and we'll do it;/ Mr Morton, if it's in the power of the pins. Let 'em haul taut the topsail riggin* and I turn a reef out to each topsail and giv her the jib and spanker. We must hurry her up, for -'tis to save life.' ' ?-. ??' 1 ' Tnen we turned to a gettin' a boat roady for'to pui pverboard^-no'fool of a ? job I can tell you, in that nasty bubble of a sea. We didn't have no davits, our boats bein' stored inboard, bottom up, one end resting on a gallows frame and the after ends on the forard part of tho poop. We turned the starboard boat, over onio her keel, and secured her so temporarily. Then we ' passed a ' strong sling right round her with backin' to the ringbolts for'ard and aft, and the car penter fitted some stout spreaders from gunnel to gunnel so as to take the strain of the sling when her weighfeome' on it, and into the bight of the sling we passed a selvage strap. Then we got a preventer tackle on' the chrochick yard, and a heavy up and down tackle for to lower the boat into the water. We fitted the oars with trail lines and rigged a becket aft for. a steerin' oar, that bein' much better than a rudder to steer with in a sea. Then we put into her life lines and a couple of life buoys, and then all were complete. On a call for volunteers all hands come for'ard and I were one of the fust choosed. ' . _ ' By this time the wrack were plain in sight from the deck, and' we seen she were a dismasted vessel, nothin' standin' above' the deck except a part of the 'foremast, which had gone above the : foreyard, the yard bein' in its place. She were headed .to the southward and west'ard, and lay in the trough of the sea, a rollin' fearfully, and nearly every sea comin' aboard of her,; and as she rolled towards us we could see: that her decks were full of people. We stood across her bow, and then haulin' up the course* snug and taking' her jib we laid the headyards square and hove well to wind'ard of her, this here bein' the proper thing for to do, cause then our ship would make a lee for the boat goin' and comiti' and as she'd drift faster than the wrack she'd keep gettin'' nearer to her instead, of farder. off, as would be the case if we'd hove to leeward' of her. Then come the gittin' out of the boat. The croohick-yard . was braced about, the tackle hooked on ; the mate and the men he had choosed got into her, the man amidships with a sharp knife .to cut the strap as soon as she floated ; a couple of hands at the temporary lashin'a and the rest at the fore and the crochick .brvies. . . . \: ,' , '.' '?' ^.. .' ? ' * Now.then,' says the old man, 'there mustn't bp no nonsense about this ; when I give the word you must watch her and at the same time run the crochick-yard in square, and as she swings out you must lot her down by the run afore the weather roll comes.' , Then he watched a chance, . and as the ship rolled to wind'ard ? he giv the word. In an instant the lashin's was .let go, the fall set taut, the yard run in square,, and as the ship rolled to leeward away she swung full fifty feet clean out to leeward, and afore the weather-roll come she wore in the water and the strap was cut, arid afore the ship had. time for to drift down on top of us our oars were out and we were under way. !? r . '' She was, built , at Sag Harbour, ..half whale and half life, boat,of seasoned cedar, and a3 light as a cork, and even in that ugly sea was dryer than the ship.' jr. .Occa sionally a little spray from the curl of a ? waVe would -blow aboard, butother than that we never shipped a spoonful of water all the way to the wrack, v The mate give us our orders as all except the bow was to remain at our oars, so as we could keep her bow on to the wrack and well clear of her,r so as we wbuln't ,be swamped by, the seas as was a-washin' over norland so as we should/take 'em aboard one at , a time, so as not to, git overloaded.', We „ pulled round to the leeward of her and found ad , they was ready for us, havin' rigged; a whip onto the forearm yard. We pulled up to her and thro wed a line aboard of her, and the bight of this they bent onto the whip, keepin' enough slack aboard for to ease 'em down into the boat, and the next minnit little Willie Jackson was a danglin' at the end ' of tho whip; and was pulled into the bow of the boat by Billy Edwards, as had the bow oar, and were passed aft to the mate. Little Sisay Jack son came next, and then their mother fullered. . , 'So we went on takin' nothin' but wimen and children, till we had a boat load with which we pulled back to our ship, findin' there a whip all ready for to whip 'em up. Arter the second load findin' that the boat was behavin' well, the old man got out the second boat, and then the transfer went on quicker. ? It were about two bells in the afternoon when we got to the wrack, and by dark we had the whole lot — 175 in all— safe aboard, and got our boats histed in again. The last man to leave waBthe mate, gittin' in the bowline and lowerin' hisself down, and arter securin' our boats we filled away and puiceeded. .?.'.-.. .. ; ' The mate said as the way it happened were that 'they was katcbed. on - theuport tack, when the shift come, ' with reefed courses, and close reefed topsails j onto her, and she was took flat aback, and afore they could brace about, she got sUrn way; and a tremendous sea' rollin' in at tho port waist took the main and mizzen masts out of hor, carrying away *ith 'em the head of the foremast and waahin' the old man and tho man at the i^heel. overboard at ,-the same time. Af6re:thoy could git' clear of the wrack she' drifted on top of it, and it started her a leakin', so as when we got the last of 'em off she had four feet.of water into hor, though they had been a-pumpin' all : the; while, and' there aint no doiibts but that she went down that night. However their old man got aboard of us that was miles away are somothin' I doesn't pur tend for to explain. I'm jist a-givin' it to you slraight oxactly as it happened. How it were 'doth not yet appear,' as I heerd a Holy Joe say,' but ' by and by ' ho said, 'we'll know all about it.' There ain' much more to tell, sir, 'cept that we got in all right, and after a while our old man were spliced to the Widder Jackson, and, sartin, nobody had a better right.'— California Al ta. ?-????? . 