On Dit That Adaiuin«l-v » nctLiu/Hiiiitod ly .sanctified ovor ciiurcli in illvnti. Tmt a cOTuniurcia! trnv-tllrr t»id he found a no''! tiiiin: tha nihi'i dav in it piijier owned liy a Q.iennboyjin man— a pound df butter. .That the defalcationN oi the con vict, E. J. Ajft;, late accountant in the Lands Department, of Victoria, amount to ovor £2000. That Dr. Cluno i» dan^crouily ill in M-«lbourn-i, his health, it is alleged, having hroknn-down under the small -pox horrors. That the Government is about to invito tehdori from pruachnr« far a billet at chaplain at tho Sinill-pox Stnfion. That the Local Option 13111 hits l)oon read a first time :n thrt Loijislu t.ivo A.s«oinbly of Queensland. That the Benidato Hotel will change hands Hhortly. That tho Oatidclo champion cup nresentort i-y Blr. it. L. Tooth, M.I'., to Mr. Thoina', Spring has been in spected by a good many at Cooma Hook Mart. That gambling is carried on night ly in Oonnta. by men who don't uarn then* living by the swoat of thoir brow. That Sir Honry Prtrkcs told a deputation of wo lit ing men tllnt eight hours work a day were suffi cient for tho son of toil. That Cootna Municipal Council gave their auditors £5 a piuco for their half-yearly balance, and that that was why tho rates wore orderod to bo collected half-yearly. That in Europe there' aro 40,000 breweries which uvcry year turn out 9 924.000000 o-illlium rli' Iihit Tliat the intolliguiit juror who re plied with lofty disdain, ' No, sir, I never road the Maniiro Mercury ; no, sir, 1 novor road^tho nowiipapnrN; I linv'nt road a nowxpapor for years ; I never n%-\ tlio pa|)orn,' looked aji pcalingly at tho coroner, and HJgnod Iiin name with a plain X. That thnro arc in this colony near ly 400,000 horsoH, one half o( them bsing saddle horses. That slio looked ponnivo as she sat on the mjfa utter trying two or three long-alouvcru. That as a commercial travoller drew up at the Prince of Wales a colored waiter asked, 'Why all din ?' Tlmt tho Irishman who stole caffoc t, ild the ma^'iHtrate who committed him that he '.madq tay with it.' That Dai^clty town allotments will be Hold at Buckley's Crossing on the 2!Jrd of November. That there arc many women who would he very agreeable and amiable if they cuuld only forgot they aro pretty. That many a young man who plays curds 1ms fallen into the hands of a knave, and como within an aco of going to the douco in a short time. That an English firm is about to construct a canal to connect the Bal tic with the North Sea. That Qeorgc says the bent way to retain a young girl's affections is not to return them. That tho way to learn all your do fi-3ts is to quarrel with your boat friend. That the English Circus will draw big crowds in. Cooma on Friday and Saturday nights, and that tho bill of faro is palatable. That number* of cattle and sheep are dying fmin starvation on Man aro. That Manaro Co-operative Mill aud Flour Co. is getting along well. That tho editor of the Qnoanboya.ii Age boasts that his paper has been established 21 yean, but what about tlio Golden Ago and the trial of Braidwood ? That Mr. S. McDonald's bl. h Dis count competed in only one match at the Cooma Ploughing Show last August. That Saturday was tho first sum mer day in Ct)otna, and tha night was warm. That advertisers should remember that extremely low prices in any pap if is a.sure Bign of a \ow circula tion, an -I that thcWdors aro so few that it is not worth while to study them. . _ . . That young larrikins should not bo allowed to canter round corners and down fobtpnthT during the. Yd-' treat of the inspector of nuisances. That an hotel is to be opened in Murray-street shortly. That butchers' carts should not be driven down private entrances to streets at a canter. That some people would like to know if the inspector of nuisances' Chinatown diverts water from the creek, and if the notice of the in spector haa been drawn to a certain by-law. That the Odd Fellows' Ball in Cooma School of Arts next Friday night will be a brilliant affair. That steps are being taken to form a Volunteer Rifle Corps in Cooma. That the Good Templars will have an enjoyable picnic for both old and young in Cooma on Saturday. That the novel of ' The Stolen Will,' which is pirated by a very, pious churchgoer, can be purchased by honest people at Cooma Book Mart for 2s. 6d. \- That the Jays when Public School Boards gave pupils a half-holiday on Friday because a few could Hot play cricket on Saturday are gone .fay. That Mr. Nathaii Davis «n Sydney sold for £28 the pair of ponies that , formerly belonged to Dr. Donovan. That p. youthful quartette wen J 1 plnyiii' lor 'swankoy' on Sunday ,'4 last, -ii' the back promise*, a son of ] Vuleu'i culM 'Jem' htd to suffer, A :-ut n Minn of mark could hardly ' I st'iiMiini it. j Tin mm Manaro station sent j aw«y t».. liiad* of sheepskin* last ] wed;, and keeps two or throe Dion I ciinjhivud in skinning dead sheep. j That Cooma cricketers opened the j Honsmi in lively form last Saturday. j That the fringe it trotting vory J popular wilh tho Cooma girls, m are \ Tiiat TnMursttU'a sights foe tho 1 Prisico of Wales Ilnccs will be offered j for tmlo in Cooma by Mr. J. J» j Howiill on Tlnnsdiiy, when he will , 1 aU.) rti-ll Mr. Proctor'a blood stock, I Mr. Dutlh' cart and. harnos*. Mr. 1 Wilford's valuable house and landed I properly, apd fat cattle. ] That' tho English Oircu* Co. will perform in Coointi on Friday night, I mid their King of offablo %dvapco I agents is making all ready for their I \- reception. That Ah Ti is a mighty insolvent ; ho is out of business, and surrendered * his estate on Saturday, with. JJ459 5h. liabilitien, and £00 10s.8d.au HCtS That some Cliineso do understand tha laws of this country. That Goorijo Watkins, native of Sydney, was smothered whilst in a dritnkon fit at tlio Qlcbe on Friday. That a drunken, imbecile joiner named Josnt)h Aldred, agoil 49 voarn, fell olf tho first floor of a building in Elizabeth-street, Sydney, and died. That tho Manaro Jockey Club has issued a good programme for Prince of Wales Hirt.hday.thoprizosamount ing to nearly £80, and including a novelty, which can bo ascertained on pcrunin? tho advertisement., That tho money is roady at tho office of tho O.P.8. for tha foes of jurors of lost Cooma District Court. Thnta trotting match with five competitors will spin from Bunyan to Comna on Thursday, and the Mayor's niaro is in it. That a doctor, a butcher or two, a publican, and a few others will ex hibit thoir skill a- amateur horso ridcrs on the 9(h of November. That a grass widow is not exactly green. That woman ii like ivy — the tnoro ttsiu fli'ii I'liinnri t.lin rftlnaai* m\t* tftlinrra to you. Tlmt the wife of a Sydney sport ing doctor told him ho was of no account when ho tried to kill with a gun. Tlmt the butchers of Cooma have raided the prico of meat to4d per lb. That a man ascending Vesuvius is like an Irishman trying to kiss a pretty girl, bucauso the climber wants to got at tho crater's mouth. That tho P.D. tho Parrnmatonians have to take to daily is tho Poetical Duff, but the P.]). the Cooraa young ster prefers is Plum Duff, and tho latter show good taste. That Mr. J. Hands has gono to Sydney to buy a stock for his new store, and advertises his Sydney address, That Surplice's rider clung lov ingly to his neck, and wants to know who looRoncd the girths. That there was a frost in Cooma on Monday morning. That Senior-Constable Davis is to be trrnsfcrrcd from Panbula to Cooma. That a fight took place between Tommy and Billy, two youths, noar Cooma poundyard at midnight on Saturday, and that the language used by the crowd who accompanied them along the street on Sunday morning was of a very rough dis cription. That the editor of tho Boga Stan dard has given up the Eden Railway Ghost, and thore arc bets on it that he will try the funny business — from the grave to the. pay. That a Bega friend confesses he has been doing scant justice to tho fair slavey, Belinda, and has singled out Miss Alice. That Cooma polico hunted up the dead sheep in Cooma Creek, but now rotten carcases of bullocks polute the stream. '. ' That tho owners of dead carcases in Cooma Creek should be prose cuted in the saine manner. as tell TOongors -who poluto the water. That if* man marries a widow it is only fair that he should do as she has done— give'np the weeds. That Pat got a nasty spi'l, but clung to his surplus till he rfell, »nd then wished to' mark a 'practical - joker. - ??;'. ?;. ? ' ';-j- '-'? ??, That a sapphire worth xlfjOOO has been found in Ceylon, and sent to London. ' ''^' '-.' \ ?'..'', That rain fell in Cooma for about half an hour on Monday night, and there was a light frost on the ground next morning. ;: ? ...., ... ;,,.,; That at the prize fight , at Cooma Pound on Saturday night Billy con quered Tommy, and ooth bjd:ed- , tnirers among the talented t^tt.' : That three inches of inow fell at /' ;.': Dangelong oh Monday night, *nd '??/ ? more raiu in:Gooai(i yesterere. '?/ ' ;. nv Tbat Vincent Kaufline liiiiUejai ''I ,;.^?S committed for trial ibr ffl|B|i^ealf* i t-g ing.'. ?'...? ??=.-i-:'';v.(l.l^-*-:^:^ larges photogi-aphe, ishould. be seen A« Atffi at:'^^v4-Vi^'-i»«eVSw'*^slr-.--:-..s£^ ?? ? ??'3*1* :real --^try^)ea|*elri^»tatS?-M';^ffl iniOooms:#esi»rday,fc. &* M^tf0$0M ^??'?:'::-:;-fS^n^;^#f^^^3 ?.?-'????# ???-; ^- ?.^???- ^-^?v;««i''*l*y^^H 