V - J MUSIC AND DRAMA. In tho musical world the moat notoworty oecur- . rence has been the production nt tho Theatre Royal of Ofljenbach's comic opera, "Madame Favart." This v work was given by the members of Mr, Musgrove's , j.onaon upera uompany, a troupe or artists wmcn has flrendy very successfully performed here in "La \- , I' (lie du Tambour Major," by the same composer, and " Olivetto," by Audrnu. The opera has been sumptu ously placed upvn the stage, and each actor and : actress if exactly suited with a character. Miss Pattie j .Lavcrne is the heroine, and Mr. Fried. Mervin nppcars \- as Charles Favart. In the cast are also Miss Nellie ' Stewart and Messrs. Ilremnir, Harwood, Wallace, nhd Giundv : and tliere is a verviaree. coinnlete. anil competent corps of assistants, llerr Tiabhc has \- painted some beautiful scenery, nnd the musical nr- jungeajonls are under the experienced direction ot 'Mr. Charles Van Giicle. Tlic opera lias now been running over a week, and lias in it attractiveness enough to warrant the prediction of n long and suc- . cessTuI career. .On Saturday, the 17th instant,, tho Sydney . Musical Union gave an admirable performance .- of Sir Miclincl Costa's oratorio " Eli" at the Garden Palace. Tile principals were MIsb Annis Montague and Air. Charlc9 Turner, who have botli attained great "and dosorved popularity from their success through- \- out a long series of operatic performances, nnd Miss ' Marie fit. Clair, Jr. Bushellc, and Air. F. J. Holling- v. dale. There was an immense chorus nndnfinely- i . trained orchestra, undor the skilled baton of Mr. Sydney Moss, the conductor of the society. This beautiful composition has only recently been uia<le known to tbo lovers of music on this side of the world, but it has at once takca tiic firmest bold of public favour. Its third representation on the after noon referred to was most enthusiastically received, and proved in every way successful. Another interesting item iu tho history of recent imusical' events is the performance at tho Opera . . House by the Kelly nnd Leon Company for the first time In tho colonies of Von Suppo's tuneful opera " Fatinitxa." The work lias been altogcthor very efficiently rendered, and it certainly deserved much greater success than has attended its production. Miss Wiingcnlieiin is the bright particular star of tho com pauy, and supporting her arc Aliss Lucy Fraser and V Afessrs. Kolly, Bolton, Lester, and Dignnm, Mr, W. J; Wilson, the lessee of tho iiousc, baa illustrated the opera with some tastefully-designed nnd artistically finished scenes. .' llerr Willielnij, prior to his departure from the . colony, gave a brief season nt the Masonic Hall. Tliese concerts, it is sad to say, were only indif- . Isrently attended, nnd the great violinist and his coin- pact ami talented little troupe will probably carry with tlicm anything but the most favourable impres sions of the musical tastes of Sydney. ,r It is to be hoped the Mendelssohn Quintette Club, ''announced to make its first appearance in Australia ' nt the same ball shortly, will have a different tale to tell. ' At the Queen's Theatre Mr. J. Dewhurat nnd com pany havo continued to produco a number of plays in tho higher walks of drama. . The star's latest . nssumpriou has been Louis XL, in Dclavignc's fine .'drama of that name. Atr. Dewhurst has also ap peared as Benedick. He closes his season this week, changing the programtno every evening, nnd on Saturday Air. Walter Reynolds is announced to make lipi re-appearance in Sydney. Mr. Frederick Maccabe, in his celebrated monologue / entertainment, "Begone diill care," lias so taken the tastes of the public that tho School of Arts, where he is now performing, is nightly crowded by apparently keenly-appreciative audiences. ' Sir. D'Arcy Head and his famous " Ghost" consti tute n great attraction at the new Victoria Hall. , Mr. L. Jl. Bai less, formerly one of tho managers nnd lessees of too Gaiety Theatre, lias now assumed nolo directorship, and announces a number of nttrac- .Hons ns in store for tho patrons of this favourite Ijouse. Tho first will be "Mother-in-law," by Mr. G. 11. Sims, nnd in this Mr. A. Dampler and Alias \- Adere are to sustain the leading t oka. 