AFfiTTS OF THE DAT. . Mr. Parnell, the Irish homo rule lender, in n speech delivered on the 'Irish I .nml Bill, gives n certain amount of approval to the men- Bttre, but denounces the encouragement pro posed to he given to emigration. Tho 'Tunisian diilicultv appears likely to lend to some diplotnntic complication!'. Tho Bey of Tunis hits protested ngninst the violation of his territory, mid has appealed to the great powers. Tile assassins of tlio late Czar have been found guilty and sentenced to death. Lord Bcaconsfield is still in a dangerous con dition of health. The proceedings of the conference of the two Houses commenced very inauspieiously yesterday. At the outset Sir Charles Sladen repudiated, on behalf of the Council's com mittee, any responsibility in the matter of the overture made at the last sitting of the con ference by Mr. Cuthbert, in which that gentle man suggested that a franchise of £10 for free holders and £20 for leaseholders might be accepted. It subsequently turned out, how ever, that Sir Charles, in speaking for the Whole committee, should only havo spoken for ft part of it. At a later stage Mr. Reid stated that he had not been present at a conference of the Council's committee, nor had Mr. Mac- ' Bain, so tlmt it would appear that there is a committee within a committee, the supernu meraries being brought on the scene for gene ral effect. The repudiation of Mr. Cutbbert's over ture produced a most disappointing effect on the conference, the debate commencing de novo. Sir Charles Sladen drew a vivid picture of the pitfalls that beset with danger the path of those who rashly made unmeasured strides iu the dark. He raised the old ghost that has been so often called up to ward off reform, in the Bhapc of a brutalised and unthinking mul titude, who would, if they bad the power mi- chetSked, place heavy burdens on the rich if they did not actually eouliseate their property. It was replied, on behalf of thtsAssembly by Mr. Berry, tlmt the people of tlii-i co ail try loved justice and fair play, and that the safety of the few depended on, the safety of the many. Rightly looked nt the propositi ohnnge was not a leap in the dark. The people to wliom it was proposed to extend the frorahise of the Council were already en franchised, and had the power, to make and unmnke-the more powerful House of the two brauchcspf the legislature. Mr. Tucker re minded the conference that the people of this, country used their power wisely and well. Not long ago a correspondent of the Times complimented the penplo here 011 the won derful order preserved by the electors at a general election. After a large #mount of purposeless discus sion, Mr. Berry pointed out that it was useless to eontinus to beat the air iu a mere debate of first principles. The Council attached great value to freeholders. Would the Council accept half the Assembly's proposal by enfran chising all (lie freeholders on tho ratepayers' roll, leaving the matter affecting tho occupiers to be debated afterwards V By adopting this, course they would get something, done. ITp to that time, Mr. Berry reminded the Council, nothing had been done, and the Council had not made one single concession. After some demur, tho conference adjourned for half an hour, and on resuming Sir Charles Sladen began to make a statement, in which he proposed to indicate the length to which the Council would go. Before' making his overture, however, be carefully entrenched himself behind two pro visos, the acceptance of which must precede the acceptance of the concessions. He de manded in effect that plural voting should be maintained, and that the educational and pro fessional qualification for the Council should not be disturbed. He then' vent on to say that tlie Council would accept a £10 rating for freeholdeiB and a £2.1 rating for occu piers. After this ultimatum on behalf of the Council Mr. Berry at once said it seemed to him to be hopeless to consider such terras, as they were tantamount to adopting tho Council's bill. It should not be forgotten that the country had spoken on the subject, and although the Assembly had a cer tain amount of discretion in the mat ter a line must be drawn some where. He did not object to the educa- . tiou:d and professional qualification, but on plural votiug he dare not, if lie would, yield the point, The £25 rating for occupiers was also too high. Before closing, however, Mr- Berry said the committee for the Assembly would agree to a £10 franchise all round, with out making any invidious distinction. Regrets being expressed on both sides that terms could not be arrived at, but, in order to allow of another opportunity for argument, it wns agreed that the conference should meet again to-day, at half-past two. At present the chances of an understanding appear obscure tind gloomy. Sir Charles Sladen told a very amusing story at the conference yesterday with a very grove face. By way of inducing tlio Assembly con ference to accept his view of reform, he said he had met a friend from South Australia a few days ago, who asked him how the reform question was proceeding. " "Well enough," said Sir Charles ; " but we are not yet likely to agree." " How is that asked the friend. " Why, do you know when I read that bill of the Council's I said to myself, ' This ends the dfiicultv ; the Council has given up every thing.' " A general laugh followed the rela tion of this convincing argument. The President of the Legislative Council has issued a writ for the election of a member to serve in the Legislative Council of Victoria for the Western Province, in the room of Sir Samuel Wilson, who lias resigned his seat. The following are the arrangements for the election: — Issue of writ, lltli April; day before which nominations must be made, 21st April ; polling day, 2nd May ; return of writ, ltltli May. The P. and O. Company's steamer Cathay, which was to have left at two o'clock yester day afternoon with the fortnightly mail, did not get away before three o'clock, in conse quence of the non-arrival of the New South Wales portion of the mail, which was detained in transit by rail. After the Cathay leaving tbo Dier, which was done in capital style, she shaped a course for the South Channel, and cleared Port Phillip Heads at forty-five minutes past six p.m. The Cathay toolraway, in addition to a largo mail, gold and specie to the value of £130,812 and ninety-two passen gers. Amongst the latter were several ' old colonists, including Dr. pulton, p'rotn noon until the time of departure the decks of the vessel were crowded with visitors, mostly friends of those going away. . 'There appears some probability that . tho construction of the line from Hawthorn to Lillydale will not be commenced as early as was anticipated, owing to the action of certain landowners ou the route immediately hevond Hawthorn. Mr. Cowderoy, the Government valuator, lias reported to the Commissioner of Railways that he has been unable to come to any arrangement. A delay in tho prosecution cf the work must result, as Mr. Patterson will not allow the amount Bet down for the pur chase of the. land to be exceeded, and the ten der will not he let until some arrangement has been made. The action of the Hawthorn landowners is singular, ns in all the other suburban and country lines tlmt have been proposed the people most interested ltnve cheerfully acquiesced in the valuations of the Government, and no difficulty has been ex perienced iu coming to a satisfactory conclu sion. Tenders were opened yesterday at the Rail way department for the Bupply of about 4U,000 tons of coal for tho use of tho depart ment for a period extending over four years. Pive tenders were received, and the prices, which were singularly alike, ranged from (is. lid. per ton at the pit mouth npwnrds. This, excluding its it does the cost of carriage from , Newcastle), exceeds tho limit of the department, and consideration of th? tenders has been de ferred. 'Tiie Commissioner is determined, should ito concession be mado, to. make some private atj-angement for a shorter or longer period a3 may seem most advantageous, and not to be diqlmdent on one line of steamers. Should 110 decision be come to by colliers by which the coal' can be obtained at a reasonable figure, Mr. Patterson will act independently of the local steamboat proprietors, and take such steps' as he considers advisable to keep down the price to the fair value of the article de livered in Melbourne. Intelligence was received by tho Commis sioner of Customs last evening of the success ful operation of tho work now being carried on at Quecnscliff for the purpose of clearing the entrance. Captain Anderson, master of the steamer Victoria, telegraphs : — "We suc cessfully exploded another charge of 150 lb. of dynnmitc. Tho diver went down, and he says tho rock (tho Lightning Rock) is completely shattered. There is a depth of wator over it of 32 feet." a . Tho Chief Secretary lias promised, if other engagements . previously contracted do not intervene, to open the Bruce auction and Easter fair, which will be held on the Mel bourne cricket ground, at noon on Saturday next. A report has been received by the Mining department from the mining registrar of the Beechworth and Jericho divisions, stating that -a considerable' improvement had taken place in various parts of tho distriot. -The prospects of the claims in the Alexandra district were regarded ns of a most promising character. The claimholders appear to be very sanguine as to tho stone now being raised in.the Morn ing Star claim. No explanation has yet been received by the railway authorities from Mr. Wyatt, P.M., as to liis conduct in taking the brake off the guard's van at Mangalore on Friday, which resulted in tho damage of one or two tracks. One result of the accident has been that Mr. Elsdou has issued orders that no one, except the guard and those connected with the department, will be allowed to travel iu the- guard's van in futnre. We are requested to state that it will not . be convenient to receive visitors on board H.I..T.M. war ship Riujio until the 20ch inst., iu consequence of the ship undergoing repairs. Visiting hours will be from- ten a.m. till four- p.m. A petition is now inj'eourae of signature in Melbourne and suburbs, praying Parliament to take steps for clearing the course of the River Yarra, so as, by allowing a free flow of Water, to prevent the nccummulation of filth on the banks, which threatens to be tbe cause of disease. It is expected tliat tho petition will be numerously signed, and thut Parliament will accord it that immediate attention which the importance and urgency of the subject de serve. Copies of the petition will be placed in the banks and other places of business for .signature. The Commissioner of Public Works has re ceived a report from the engineer in charge of the Yan Yean works (Mr. Davidson), which states that the alterations decided upon for removing the sonrces of pollution to the reser voir are progressing satisfactorily. The fencing of the excised portions of the Whit- tlesea common is being pusited on vigorously, and the necsssary surveys for the diversion of Bruce and Dry Creeks commenced. A weir across Silvery Creek has also been constructed, and gaugings commenced to ascertain the minimum flow of water obtainable from this stream, An adjourned meeting of the council of the University of Melbourne w.as held in the coun cil chamber yesterday, nt.hali-post four p.m. The members present were : — The Vice-chan cellor, -the Chief -T nstice, Rev. A. Morison, Mr. Rogers, Q.C., Mr. Justice Stephen, Dr. Mother well, Dr. Mackay, Professor Irving, Dr. Broinliy, Mr. M'Parland, Professor Andrew, Dr. Morrison, Dr. Madden, Mr. Ellery, Mr. Deeper, Dr. Fetherston. It was resolved that the best thanks of the council be offered to the representative of the French commissioner, M Bontau, for his donation of hooks to the Uni versity on behalf of tho Frenclt Government. Mr. Douglas Patcraon, M.A., was elected lec turer on English language and literature. A large amount of routine business was trans acted, and the council adjourned to Monday, the 25th inat. Owing to the refusal of Captain Mande- ville to grant, tho use of the Nelson to convey tiie Red Rifles to the quarantine ground for the projected Easter encampment, applica tion was yesterday made to the Commissioner of Customs to allow the Victoria to be utilised for this purpose. Mr. Clark, how ever, was unable to comply with the request. He . explained that the crew of the Vic toria, who were busily engaged in the work of clearing the entrance, had been promised their Easter holidays on shore, and have to re turn to the same work immediately after. Though he fully sympathised with the movement, he did not think he could justly cast tiie increased duty on the crew of the Victoria. Majors Templeton and Freeman, and those who have undertaken the affair, nre nevertheless de termined to carry the matter successfully .through, and arrangements will be made to day with some si the steamboat proprietors for tho transport of those who take part in the encampment. The report of the Harbor Trust-Commis sioners for 3.SS0 has been issued, and is a very elaborate document, containing full particulars of the proceedings of tlie Trust. The amount expended on harbor improvements during tile year was £00,000, of which £25,398 was for dredging, and £1J,2G0 for landing silt. Upon the Fishermen's Bend cutting £3523 had been spent. A sum of £22,000 was also expended on plant. The following casualties were admitted to tho Melbourne Hospital yesterday : — Wm. Phillips, aged 30, residing at Richmond, Buffer ing from a sprained- ankle, accidentally sus tained. George Shaw, 10 years of age, living at Crcmorne-strect, Richmond, suffering from injuries to the lower portion of his body, caused by the hook of a crane catching him while at work at Gordon and Gotch's. George Tomkins, aged 59, a resident of Northcote, suffering from an abscess on the thigh, caused by falliug.off a cart a week ago, when, the wheel passed over him. Through want of proper treatment an abscess formed on the injured portion of the limb. James Buclimann, 53 years of age, a carpenter by trade, living at Hothain, suffering from injuries to the ankle, caused by falling down -a cellar. - Michael . Slicaban, aged 28, living at Conrtney- placo, Hotlmm, suffering from burns to tbe back, caused by a tent in which he was sleeping taking fire. The published li9t of the results of examina tions held in February last at Trinity College, Oxford, included the following : — L. S. Jones, from the Scotch College, Melbourne, to an open Combe Exhibition, of the annual value of £S0, tenable for five years. - Mr. Jones passed tlie matriculation examination at Mel bourne University from the Scotch College in 1S77, passing in nine subjects, and "well" in seven. In 1878 he wns dux of school at the Sootch College. In 1 379 he gained the. classical exhibition nt matriculation, and was pror.ime accessU for the mathematical exhibi tion. ITe subsequently studied for a short time at the Melbourne University, and last year returned to England along with bis fattier, the Rev. Thomas Jones. ; A meeting of the parishioners of Christ Church. St. ICilda, was held in the school room adjoining the church, last eveniug, to consider the best means to provide funds for contemplated alterations to the church; the Rev. J. Stanley Lowe presided. Various schemes were suggested, it being eventually decided, after some discussion, to iosue deben tures to tbe amount of £1200.' A very pleasant gnthering of friends of tho pupils attending the West Melbourne Ladies' School assembled last evening nt the Hothain Town Hall, tlie occasion beiiig the annual dis tribution of prizes. The chair was occupied by tlie Rev. .W. -W. Mantell. After tho prizes had been distributed the pupils took advantage of the opportunity to present their head teacher, Mrs. Foster, with a silver tea service, which was appropriately responded to. During the evening musical selections were rendered by the pupils, which made tbe even iug very enjoyable. The' Princess's Theatre wa3 well attended last evening on the occasion of the first per formance of a dramatised version of Ouida's Under Two Flags. Miss Clara Stephenson made her dchilt at this theatre ill the part of Cigarette, which she played with much spirit, 'j'lie representation, however, taken as'a whole, did not rise abovo the dead level of mediocrity. Mr. W. C, Carey played Bertie Cecil with evi dent pains, but tlie part is one not Huited to him. Tho minor characters were very indif ferently sustained, and the drama had the ap-' pearanoe of being hurriedly placed upon the stage. An extra rehearsal or two and a little more attention to stage accessories are very necessary before the entertainment can be ex pected to command patronage, Tlie arrangements for tbe forthcoming' com plimentary concert, tendered to Miss Itosina Carandini, are now approaching completion at the hands of the manager, 'Signor Nobili. Amongst the names <il tlie artists who have been announced to appear are those of Miss I Christian, Mrs. Cutter and Mdlle. Charbonnet, and the musical direction has been entrusted to Signor Zeltnao. A very long list of patrons and patronesses forms a conspicuous feature in the scheme of tliis entertainment, and js of itself ' a substantial assurance of liberal sup port ou the part of Miss Carandini'B large circle of admirers and personal friends. The concert will take place at the Town Hall 011 Easter Monday evening, and ' the box plan is open at Messrs. Allan's warehouse. A public meeting for tlie tulvoKiey of tlio principles of total abstinence will lie held at the Temperance liall, lius-ell-strcot, to nicht. The committee of the Melbourne llotne report as follows for the mouth of Marclj i-Registrations— L'uvernesses, 0; servants, '27. hngajcmeiits— gover nesses, 3 ; servants, 14. Boarders— Uoveniesses, 10 ; servants, 30. Number in home, 31st March, staff In cluded, 31. ' 