Entertainments. Professor Pepper's entertainment at the Minories Hall last night was largely attended, and the continuation of his lecture on " Astronomy " was listened to with great interest. These lectures are rendered exceedingly interesting, and capable of being understood by all, by means of the splendid diagrams shown by the professor on the screen, and it might be a matter for consideration by the Secretary for Public Instruction whether he could not make some arrangement for a series of them to be witnessed by the children attending the metropolitan State schools. The entertainment concluded last night with several American views. To-night "Pepper's Ghost" is to be exhibited for the first time in Brisbane, for which special preparations have been made. The entertainment will include scenes from " Pygmalion and Galatea," with some curious illusions, and a scene from "Macbeth," introducing "Bauquo's Ghost." The Young Men's Literary Society connected with the South Brisbane Presbyterian Church have every reason to congratulate themselves upon the first of the series of lectures given under their auspices last night, and it is safe to predict that if they succeed in obtaining as their future lecturers gentlemen so well able to interest and instruct an audience as Dr. Thomson those lectures will be largely attended. Dr. Thomson's subject was " The Human Eye and Vision," the lecture being a repetition of one given by him at the Divinity Hall last year. He first gave a clear explanation of the mechanism of the eye, made all the more plain and interesting by a large number of diagrams ; then spoke of the effect of different drugs on that organ and afterwards dwelt respectively on its power of accommodation, refrac- tion, persistence of vision, colour blindness, in- tative perception, eradication, and optical illu- sions, showing in the former portion of his lecture the remarkable resemblance between the eye and a photographer's camera. He gave some curious instances of colour blindness, and said it was a remarkable circumstance that the two colours of all others most likely to be confounded (red and green were those used as signals on railways and as side lights to ships. It had been estimated that 3 per cent of those engaged on railways and at sea were colour- blind, while 6 per cent could only distinguish between different colours imperfectly; and he believed now a regulation was being enforced in England requiring railway employes to pass an examination as to the perfection or otherwise of their vision. He gave some exceedingly interest ing example of optical illusions, and explained their cause. At the close of of the lecture a most cordial vote of thanks was accorded to Dr. Thomson. There was a large attendance, the church being nearly full. His worship the Mayor presided. Terrible would be the public indignation nowadays (writes an English paper) were the English navy to lose through accidental causes at the rate of nearly five vessels and 600 seamen per annum throughout a whole decade. At the beginning of the century, however, such casualties seem to have been regarded as almost inevitable, for history does not record any outburst of feeling in that connection. According to a tabulated statement in Colburn's United Service Magazine, forty. eight English ships of war were lost between 1500 and 1810. Some foundered, others were burned, the majority were wrecked. In thirty. four instances it has been possible to specify the exact number of lives lost. Then total comes to 4591, or an average per vessel of 135. Assuming that the twelve ships the _ strength of whose crews is not given carried an equal number, the aggregate loss of life in their case would be-as all hands are reported to have been destroyed 1020\. We thus get 6211 as the aggregate mortality through casualties during the decide, the remaining two wrecks adding nothing to it. the most terrible loss of all occurred in the instance of the Queen Charlotte, a 110 gun ship, which caught fire and had 673 of her crew killed. The Invincible, 74 guns, lost 400 men ; the Athenrenno, 64 guns, 850 and the Crescent, 36 guns, 230, in swift succession. Of course the present large employment of steam power in the navy greatly reduces the risk of going ashore ; but, on the other hand, it increases that of fire. The case of the ill-fated Captain shows that it is On Prevent foundering and the late loss of the Dotterel indicates a new source of danger unknown on board sailing ships. Altogether, therefore, this country had fair cause for congratulation in spite of some recent naval disasters, on the greater safety secured to those Who man her war ships. 