SYDNEY. A cnoWDED meeting was held at the chamber of commerce on Monday afternoon, for the purpose of expressing sympathy and condolence with the widow of thie late President Garfield in her bereavcement. The S. N1. Herald reports that not only were the majority of the Americans present who reside in Sydney, but there was a large and sympathetic gathering of our own citizens, including members of both houses of parliament, merchants, bankers, and professional men. The United States Consul, Mr. J. HI. Williams, presided. A letter of condolence to Mrs. Garfield was unanimously adopted at the meeting. The American residents of Sydney intend to wear mourning as a mark of respect for the the deceased President for thirty days from this date. The feo. Dr. Steel baptised, on Sunday last, in St. Stephen's Church, four Chinese converts to the Christian faith. They are all men of intelligence and of good position, two of them being merchants, one a storekeeper, and one a bookkeeper in Sydney. A banquet and ball were given on Monday night at the exhibition.building, Prince Alfred Park, by the locomotive and traffic department, in celebration of the 26th anniversary of the opening of the government railways. About five hundred persons were present. One of thie female immigrants on the Ninevah amused herself by dressing as a ghost and visiting the bunks of the other girls at night. One of them was so terrified that abshe became insane, and has had to be sent to Gladesville. Another girl became insane from causes not stated. The cases are to be inquired into. A most extraordinary circumstance in connection with the recent dynamite explosion is that a man named Muir and his wife, who were asleep in the very building in which the explosion occurred, were not awakened by it. They have, says the Evening News, for somne time enjoyed the reputation among the neiglhbours of being healthy sleepers, and after what occurred on Saturday night, few will be disposed to dispute their claim to soporific distinction. Their children, however, were not only aroused, but almost frightened out of their wits. The chargo against Von Heekeren has re sulted in his conummittal for trial, bail being refused. The body of a newly born male child was found on a piece of waste land off Belmore.street, Surry Hills, on Monday morning, by Mrs. Johnson, a dairywoman, residing at Cook's River. The child was wrapped in a piece of old shawl. A verdict of murder by some person unknown has been returned. The local management of the Calcutta ten com pany entertained a large number of friends at their oflice, Charlotte-place, on Monday afternoon at luncheon. A lego number of the leading firms of Sydney were rte presented. Mr. Inglis, chairmau, gave some partia ulars as to the Indian teas, and ex pressed a belief that the only reason they were not used in Australa to the total exclusion of Chinese, was the want of knowledge on the subject. The Evening News reports that a case came before the bench of the central police court on Mon day afternoon which, whether regarded as an in stance of the laxity of regard entertained by some people with respect to the matrimonial laws, or as a proof of the complicated troubles a man may bring upon himself, presented features which would form the groundwork of a sensational novel. Some time ago a man named George Simpson married a woman named Martha Garnham, and after living with her for some time deserted her and married Bridget O'Neale, and they went to reside at Surry Hills, within two or three doors of his first wife, who soon made the discovery, and brought a charge of bigamy against Simpson, and he was convicted and sentenced to five years imprisonment in Darling hurst gaol. While there he formed the acqualnt ance of a man named Garnham, who he learnt was the husband of his (Simpson's) first wife. After serving four months Simpson was released on the petition of his second wife, and a charge of bigamy was then brought against Mrs. Garnham, but failed, as she proved that she had not seen her first hus band for over seven years and she had reason to believe that he was dead. When Garnham was re leased he refused to live with his wife and was ordered by the magistrates to pay her 15/- per week for the maintenance of herself and her two children, and when Simpson was released he declined to live with either of the two women. Bridget Simpson now sued him for maintenance as his wife. Some technical points were raised by the solicitors, and the bench ruled that they had no jurisdiction, and could not hear the case, and the tangled knot will therefore have to be untied by the judges of the supreme court. The spread of small-pox appears to have been checked. The subjoined summary shows the fresh cases of small-pox that have been reported since the first of this month. From this it appears that during the first week of September nine eases ocentcurred, and that four of these were in houses already quarantined; that during the second week four cases were reported, two occurring in houses already infected; and during the third week ending on the 24th instant, five fresh cases occurred, three of the patients living in houses already infected. In the last fortnight, therefore, only four eases have occurred in uninfected houses. All of these caseshavo been treated at the residences of the patients, and at their own request, or in consequence of their removal having been rendered impossible by the recent bad weather. The house and shop of MIr. JohnPope, commission agent, at the corner of York- street and Broughton lane, having been thoroughly fumigatcd and dis tnfected, and visited by a member of the medical staff, was released from quarantine on Mondsay morning. William Southcott, who for some days has been gradually sinking, expired on the Faraway on Tues day. The other patients in quarantine are reported favnourably on. The S. M. Herald states that the commission appointed by the government to inquire into the subject of the railway freights have now been sitting for some time, and have taken a large amount of evidence. They sit four days in each week, and usually examine three or four witnesses every day. The witnesses have come from all parts of tho colony, north, west, and south, and as might have been expected some very diverse opinions have been expressed, although there is an agreement in the main point that a reduction in the freights is neces sary. It is understood that some time will elapse before the commission can draw up their report. It is repolted in legal circles that Mr. District Court Judge Dowling and MrI. Charles J. Manning, barrister-at-law, have been appointed acting-judges at the forthcomsng circuit courts. The man who was blown up in the dynamite explosion at Darlington on Saturday, is steadily improving. Most of the three hundred and seventy five immi grants who arrived by the ship Ninoveh have already been absorbed into the population. The English, Continental, and American buyers are mustering in Sydney in view of the fortheominog wool season. 