. Trip to See a Ghost. O.S tlw morn uf Friday, lh« 2Snl -tf April,' in ;Uic ycir of grace! hmh iliquHaiid t'ijht huudrxnl iiml ui'jl.ic (iliii, Mbout a -W.i'ii uf thv m,-»l iuui leclu«l and iqtropid men of Oiwnn (including mynoll) loll in a drag for iiusunara, his riwuience of m good a follow as «vcr broke broad with a Cliristmn. Itqinunrn of ghastly* nmi mysUsrions rapping at Mr. C. llobin huii'n itupullud my fa.iUlcps thither. Perhnpt curineritv, nr Uv,, nf %H»n\n, or a liiiKUe tu uliiuo uoimjiicuuus in tliooynn of loss civilised beings in die charactor of a ghoul see-or, ot «ilpornti(.ious motives pmnipM mv ci]tmlly liiavu coiiipuiiiutis. liclovv leaving our Iicui'Mih mi'l hoino—l inuan.j'iKl after — we hold a council of vvnr against bis ghosfship uttrlei the verandah of tin. AuHtrnlian Hotel. 1 would not winh it to be infarrod that his ghoslniiip woh un der tho verandah ; 1 ivlor ti tin* council I'heiootoad friend Maurice, ft tear in his eye, ruady In unahi siif. (ering humanity, as rcpn-.stintud by !is ore we had. left on our pntilous uxpudilion. Uiiduvlittnllv, : tho ntd nf Maurice vv/is invoknd, not bv wotil nr inoiit.li, but liv that iiiyM-onoiiH chord iif Hympitttiy which 'vibrnivH thu huiirl nl' man .ire it atl'--oU llis li'^'s. lnvtilunbla w.ig'hU iissisLiincc'. Fur mo, it. iv«i cx|irnss(!(l in tln-no li^nri's in* Ni'*iiH, thiiH * * *. To tin uniniliatud, tiiuso chnractcrx tnav pnrUmd Koim-thiiip fuarful, wIiiIhI buini! may liaxtily jump to the Ininc conchiisioii tlmt thny lmvu bnmi (llchuillrom Hnony'HUrnculuin, No, I onnnot. explain ; 1 1 1 tiro nof... Hill Manricu Imhls the kuy, thu |)nNNpml to tlmt bright siiblunnry circle of myiitcry niiiijuised of chiiicunt uf 'spirits, ]'V ]n-n|-lu vnry neciH-iling k- llicir coiiHtilutiuiiH, ho Mtnirivi: skilfully dealt nut i In- ilc^n-os uf morit. As pasKwonlx, 1 cinlil Iwnr ' Lnriif,' ' Walker,' nnd ' IJ. Sherry '' whispered, Kach k-ft wilh n biilUc dialed licrniL'tinally, lii)a»urcs that, limy hnxgod -;h)so lo llictn, nmi iVcquoiitly fonilleil nn thu w.-iy In Hitituiidrn. At noon oxaolly, having tal- nn tho precaution to consult n medical innn, wo dhouk lmndH wilh our uiicicN, oiircoiiHinH, anu ouraunt.i, who bade iin not to rush tn an early ijravq hh if we wurn nuicidi--i, nmi mournfully to iih thny Hiid '(jnoil- byo.' At Pino Valley, there was a ili^'hl iiitorriiplinn'; th-- hurni's li.v ciino unmaiiaucaMi1, nnd it w.m nut. until each oiiu tonic a (i.iohlin ic fresher tlmt w« cinllil |iim'nuui1ii thi; liorxus to ri^rht nnd loll whirl. A sail -liHitp|Miiiil.iiic-iit, awiiili.'d im nl I'ralinui, I'nv thn jjluiy of thai npul hiii ili-parlril t.'i pinis iiIhuwIiimo. Whilst npiMiing thu L'iit^s, ivi! had ;iin)lhi?r loiljfu incoUiif.' to mm. if wv had our '])jiH«wordj' corrur.lly. 1 ,'Ot l1llOII-r!l till! *** t'l tliy |-«rfi!Ct Hut.isfiictiiili ; the others tried hard nt Miritx, mid I licJicvo it, wan through hIicit |iersi;vi!ranee thny siicciMided. S'miiu wished ti- go tn ih;i i niiiii: , imu j iuiii*'1'!. Jkhsilllllll^ UiccoiitiiiiLtnl of the nnhli: fralurnily, I Biiid ' On for the jjIiuhI,' nnd we wlwclud on. All nl us .t'u-ru con .jralulaliiig each olhiir that aflcr 'loon on our proficiimr.v in lui^li Ian;, This ono relalud how, in Imh yout.li I'ul days, In- had trav-'llnd from ttyd ??oy to HiiHhniit,(L'i'« IJ.iv in miiireh of ?ivti- conioiH, and hnvin^lii'i-ii 'HpicL'd'1 riilurned boinc Huli'ly nfl'.'i dark lo iii* nffuclionali! piucnl, ;, lo bu nt i:eivci] wilh htrong cm.ltujf leatiiur. That one had navi^alml a dozen miles or ho of Iviunflra IiukIi road, Imt though ho (jot clour he voted ox ploration a nniiance, Anol.hi'r hail travelled all tho way from (Jooma to Hiinyan, Yet ininlln'i1 had explored tin: Cliii.cse Mi'Ulmncnts in Un; hope of comcrling bin alnioiid-eyed brothrnn to tho views cif' the poc.ii liar body lie ban created. Ilold, enough of tliiN, In vury rou^li country, we at lungh find ourHclves, our number* augmented to two score and a half as wo journey on, — our ' Bpirils' conm'dnmbly diininiHhing. ' liushod, by Jingo 1' is at length the denpairing ;ry. No further could our coach and paii- go. A light gleams ahead. All was calm. From thirsty manly throats eamo tho Noftcst whisper, 'The Ghost,' The young man wilh long hair, sen legs, and paper collar HUggcsted I should explore ; and n bold comrade gaid.-'Nevor'iii6re. Jt was I that stormed the breach— loakcd through tho slab. Ah, it was good, we knocked and wore bade enter. On the table, before a Ncloatnii, vw open the Book of I^fu. Ho volunteered to go with us, but his wife o&id; «1m; would not fitop, if ha went, but rather than the brave thirty Cooma curiosity seekers should bs foiled in tboir noble efforts slio would cany tho child three miles and walk with us. Nary a.oiio of our party volun teered to hold the baby, not even tin! good body who is th« Chinese nur^u. Singing ' Poor old Jeff,' we sailed on after receiving a few hiicf (liri.-cliung an to the precise whereabouts of the ghost. Eventually, we tumble across a stalwart son of the Moil who h en gaged in the very laborious occu pation of shepherding — one of the men who figuratively oarns his living by the sweat of his brow. In our dilemma — we wore not on the horns of it. not having reached that .ad vanced stage — wo looked lo him for help, for comfort, for joy. To u», skilled btishmen though we be, it was a veritable wilderness. Wei), tho born v handed son of labour, tho gontle shepherd, guided us on our * ? ?.?''?' ' ? | wu-— ntJiflr, tio gave m vary Ji plitii intiiucUont, Firtt, mi^n to it.i «)-mti »,v(illoy/ thep *o were, ts vn^'t oc -crftmblo over, a wwlf ftinn ?. ? --ivi,fate'i crock, crow afow ?Iry ?.?ri'-k-s, as$phd a hill, ',W«£jffj£ - ki'-ejii -x lo a traok wo could oome iipmi the ubode of tho ghost wft«t out to interviow, A few of ' tu wantnd to ascertain how the buggy * and horaei could nogotiate blind gul lies, bush foncoi, and Dteop .ranges.. It Was to bo done on ' Shanks' pony;1?' «'r» r.^nctmtlv githcro^ frtnt 'Ww man with tlio dheop. 'i'ho^nrtrtftiii wore turned oul, and the yohielp left in tho earo of a Son of Tempof; -inro who was ivrrptlic'if'vrKti' onft of Maurico's pu8i*ivordu— I think it. was ' Walker lhi« tiine. Well; we row up a high hill, and t'otiuto tho vale ol teai-s (my clothe* will hoar me out). ])arkimsscrentoi),and 'uplasli' — a qry for hnlp— '?[fiin up to my heck in that creek. tJgli, that watorwat cool, a real tooth -grinder. Do you know, I haveiXithln it plunge l»fch\: but an involuntary d(vn into one of tho Jiugundra ccwVj ia winter— fHeiuh, whi'reftdSI.j proflled liy'.'m'v mishap, after (Idling tnu oui'Hnd wringing mo in jiiy' dothou.^and ninkitiir mo give the cabalistic sign, tliR ? ? *. 1 lotl t'.io van to warm niVHcll. and afUtr-ihn blind crooks worn nngotialod und.M1 tho guidance of n nolod navigntor Ave '. reached Hugunilia Hill. Nof a traco of a lmliilalinn could bo noon, Coiwy al'tor coooy issued from our throats, but them won not a rimpmiHo, not evnii n howl from a wild dog, nor a Imi'k from a coulic. I suppose we walki-d a couplo of miles bofore trending nn a shenpfold. ITall a inih- further up a range Klcnp as the one lichind the old Police Barracks in Coomn, we nighlcd a light. Thither w« htrered our weary framrs, having first- fortiliod uurnelv«s with a dune ol MnmicoH medicine. Tread 2'inlly on ilm sud ; nt lust wo enter (hu lmunU'd linuse. Thmi) was a goui] tea prqinrcil for iik, nflor which I Hot up tin) chiiniir.v ovor a biasing lire nnd hlcaini'il inyHulf drv. Six. nr eight of IH (1 was one ol1 them) wuro hulciititil to iicciiuipiiiy two young no'iiiMi inlo a room about 10 fuel, wjiiiini. Odd yi.wiig lady, pbout l.'l mv 1-|. yi'nrs uf a^'i', Ht-ind near a hiiihII M'ifi' with a roof-Nhapud toll. Wo wi-ru in tho iLirlc. No candlu wns iillmvi'd u«, A laii, then a d-Hilili., iMiNii.'d, I'Viiiu thirty jioowlo in niinthfr rn nn imiiii! si^mtls -if disln-H. Itaji u|i.,.|' rap followed, lilci! laps mi n ilnini, i|iiii:ldv in -«»'?? CNsion, till I -itnii-i-d forty- five or 1'irt.y-sirvcii ilisliiiet kiinclcN. A young man with loii^' hair and n ]m]iri- i:i)ll;ir fiijiilivl. J j v iiihiiiis ofa piece '?(' Diniil lualhur, muisU!in-d nnd . placed uiriils troii'iMH, ho wiih pulloil out lii the open, u tiadigsmaii slii^ing 'Thiji-o w nothing )iki: lealhi:!-.' mid aptly doinoiiHtrating the drnwiug powci'd ol wot hogskin It put mi; in mind of old times, when I llllLVml U'llii llid I'fiiin^ IrtntKnk, nt. the |mvi:inrii(.s. Huhsoquontly, the ymng girl was removed lo a part of Ihu room opposiii! hut distant from (.he wiTit, Imt J only. Jicfinl one rap afterwards. 1 ixain'med tho safe, which was full of things, tested it by nipping, luil could .not account for tliu ill uin-lilto snundx thai wo had heard. From the time the young girl had l.-ll the Nafu (whieli has tiiili'.s of tin), nl'init- 1 1 o'clock, when Ih' Mingle rap was heard, I stood like patience on a monument till 3 in the wowing, but tho ghost never gave jinothci' sign, nnd 1 went to chat »vith kindred spirits. Comfort able bedit for forty of us were prc narod on the floor. I was told that Mr. HaUnson U.ok r.« notice for Honio woekii of his children's -om- pl.iinLs about tho rang and, having been tumbled out of bed at night. At last, ho determined to bob for himself. Ono night, bo stood with a friend near tho sale, on which his hand was resting, and bis friend having Imh arm renting on llobin hoii'h shoulder. Mr. Robinson de clares the safe was raised fully six inchfH from the gi/qqnd. Another party tells mclhcsafe was lifted two feet, hanging suspended like Ma homet's coffin. Tliara is also ft fltatament that tlio girl or. ono of the fanily when going out to shepherd on the run ropoato/jljf *eo« ' jfliosU.' That like tho lady who had ring* on .™ her flngei*, belln on iinr .tow, and awoct mimic wherevor *ho goes, tho girl who shepherds bear* noises on the logs when she mik down in the h ilitary bush, and thajt the raps aro heard in any housesho visite: The noises on the log* ^tio describes as being like taps (iii-f ncratclie*. It is mighty curious that nobodv but ono - particular mombsr of Mr. Robinson's family neon the ghostn, and that tho spii'it-rapping only takes place when . th' sill if* in the room where the ? ? safe is. 1 have given the circum stances as they presented themselves l- tne, lint have ho faith or am not Mipui.si.iti.iimViiough to think tliere is anything that may not be accounted for in » natural way before long. Au revoir 1 GUIXIVEC P.S.— We loft the young man with the long hair and paper collar to re covet- himself, llis nerves bsing weak. The floors have all been taken up, but nothing discovered. .-...-,? Gm-uvEii Again. M r. Uciirr Kdidall Ii.b tM)«n*H)M-;irlf4 , '. lut-]ipct'r of SlotoPflrcitiinUjiieuloiiy,^ /jj nl a K.-i'ary ol ^fiOOa-J'KW-a^ilJ^riJIIiig'^'^ expmirif. ' ? ? ? ': ?-.L:v*^:;^yft^f '-p 