Ipil Ifrfos, XHE HISTORY OF THE FORTNIUHT JTromonr own Correspondent.} London, April 8. The serious illness of Lord Bescons&eld; \- awakens great oosoero. The treacherous east wind is said to be answerable for the noble Earl's malady, tie (eat of danger being the throat, which has been muoh inflamed. His Lordship has anfiered severely from def entire respiration, arising from phlegm, and his old enemy, goat, has also assailed him. There is yet hope that the vigorous constitution wfticn has stood its owner ia each good, stead hitherto, and which, is in fact as essential of a great statesman's success, may come oat victorious from the crisis. 3a spite of mote than one relapss this hose prevails as I writs. The Queen has «eut f reqoent messengers to the ex-Premier's house, and Mr. Gladstone is one of the many distinguished 'visitors who have made personal enquiry as to the patient's progress. Another of the many signal instances of the personal esteem in which Bis Lordship was held by oar Eoyal family was afforded this week, when the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Bdinbnrgh on their arrival from St. Petersburg immediately drove to the auk Sari's residence to satisfy themselves by an interview with the dootors as to his condition. Cord Beaccnefield's age forbids any flssgoiBe expectation o£ his again undertaking the arduous duties of a Prime Minister; but jfoghshmen of all sections and parties will vnite in hearty wishes that he may be spaced awhile to the enjoyment of the comparative leisure and repose of the exalted position his genius has won for him. Mrs. Fletcher, the American spiritualist medium, is left by her hatband end Colonel Uortos, who are included in the indictment, to face alone the charge of defrauding Mrs. Hart Daviesof her jewellery and other property, to ?tile value of about £10,000. The case is being tried before Mr. Justice Hawkins at the Central Orimin&l; Court. Theindichnentisacuriousdocu* merit, as the public prosecutor, who has taken the matter in hand, has added to the original alle gations of conspiracy a second coast, imputing the use of sorcery, witchcraft, and enchantment, in the terms of an old statute passed before the belief in ghosts had blossomed into what is known as spiritualism. 'Mrs. Hart-Davies is a lady of considerable wealth and erpecta iions, who has experienced tiro unhappy marriages, there being a divoroe in the first in stance and a separation in the second. It was through Mr. Fletcher's prescribing for her second husband that she became acquainted with the 'trance-doctor's' wondrous powers. Messages were delivered to her by him which ?he believed in reality came from har deceased mother. Under that belief, *ud in accordance with the instructions thus supernatarally im parted to her, she made over the whole of her property to the defendants by deed of gift, and afterwards made a will in their favor. En joined by her mother to geek the ' genial society' of the spiritualists, she took up her abode with the Fletchers, and accompanied them to America, and it was here that the^ notion that she was being duped was suggested to her by another spirituaUst, Mrs.Hart-Davies'fi extraordinary story, of which the above is an outline, has attracted a crowd of hearers, and the cross-examination, from what has already transpired, promises to furnish yet more sensational revelations. These must wait for the next mail, together with the testi mony of the f ashisnable persons who have been subpoenaed, if they can be persuaded to appear. It is reported, however, that the prospect of being called upon to give evidence haa led to a perfect stampede from London of titled and wealthy individuals who were frequently mem bers ol the Fletchers' mysterious ' circle, but who are ashamed to be known in that capacity. No fewer than 4JJ00 persons are declared to have suffered death or injury from the effects of the appalling earthquake in the Levantine Archipelago. It seems to have had its centre is the island of Chio, though its destructive influence waa felt over a mueh wider area. Neatly the whole town of Chio and many neigh boring villages were destroyed. As is always the case when Each fearful convulsions of nature occur, the remaining inhabitants axe in a state of panic, and have fled to the open country, ?where theyhaveeBcanrped,all uncertain whether they will again be visited by the dreaded sub terranean shock. Following so closely on the disastrous upheaval at lechia, andthecontinuoug terrible earth-shocks experienced at Agram,in Austria, this fresh convulsion shows that the interior of the globe is at present in a state of unusual ferment. European charity is invoked on behalf of the surviving sufferers, who ace jleced in a most pitiable position, 40,000 being ?aid to be without shelter or food. Our energetic Home Secretary, Sir William HtLTOtrart, has raised ft. regular horneVs nart abont his e&n; by directing the proeecutdan of the German Socialist editor, Herr Most. This gentleman has been in the habit of issuing from a shed provided with the most meagre resources in the way of type and presses, a peculiarly uu pleasant German print called Freikeit. Tais Infamous newspaper immediately after the assassination of the Czar appeared with a blood' zed border sound its first page, and commemo rated the crime in anarticleof atrocious character. It needed no representations from Russia, and ia fact none such were received, to induce the Government to put their foot down upon a social pest like this, and Herr Most acooxdingly finds himself in custody on a charge of ineiting to murder, ana ia refused the privilege of bail. Of coarse Sir William Haxoonrtfs action does sot give universal satisfaction. Some of his political opponents are said to contemplate questioning him in Parliament as to his alleged gratuitous interference with a political refugee, and he may . very likely receive another pistol loaded with paper — the unsavory sap pressed journal itself. As for the Socialists and Internationalists of London, they are in a state of more than usual effervescence. Last Sunday morning the ''Freiheit defenders' vented their feelings at a mass meeting on Glerkenwell Green, the favorite rendezvous of revolutionary agitators. Members of the several foreign colonies in London were present — the French from Leicester-square and the Germans from Soho, bat the principal contingent was that of the 'Whitechapel Germans, sugar-bakers almost to a man, and devoted followers of Herr Si oat. One orator said that it was all very well to object to bombs ; but bombs shewed the power of the workmen. Therefore he was in favor of more bombs. This was pretty fair at a meeting where one of the resolations declared they were being deprived of their ' most cherished liberty,' free speech. It is a characteristic of the C.erkeu well patriots' Sunday meetings that they always break op at a certain hour. The hour is 1 o'clock, and at 1 the public-houses Of en. Once mere the judgment of a court of law has gone against Air. Bradlangh's claim to retain his teat in the House of Gammons. The Court, of Appeal decided to this -effect, and the defendant has practically accepted its ruling, as Ids tnrtier appeal to the House of Lords relates only to the question whether a common in former has the right to recover the penalties for his daring to speak and vote in the House without having taken the preliminary oath. {Che law makes a clear distinction between a witness in a court aad a member of Parliament at fee tattle The privilege of making an affirmation is permitted only to Quakers aad ethers who hare » religions objection to taking so oath. Mr. Bradlaugh, who has no religious belie! at all, most take toe oath or nothing, and probably had he done so in tie first instance all the trouble would hare been saved. As was expected, ha is * candidate tor the seat declared vacant through his not having properly qualified himself to fill it, and a very curious spectacle will be presented if the electors of Northampton again plane him at the head of the poll. His candidature is opposed by BIr. Corbet, Conservative, who particularly Snvites the coa ahtaenoy to remember that their choice lies between a Christian and an Atheist. Whether Mr. Corbet.ieaaanservatavenrstand a Christian afterwards, or vice versa, it is not stated, tfcough the point is not without importance. Ihe probability is Oat there wfll not be a new trial of the easeLawson v. Labouchere. The Jury having been equally divided, and beine canseqnemly discharged without giving a verdict, each, side$ta and does elaim the victory Kr.Lawson avaSfcat he had the best of it Mr. Labonchere is convinced he bad. I am bound to «ay the general opinion is altogether favorable to the view taken by Mr. labcuchere. Very many, and Lord SSSBe;-^m2!Si.Sem' macBav^ agree with the defendant that the fersmnd of a newspaper jg»rt«ate ia a legitimate subject of ea^ Sb»£te3jr Tettgrav A, as we know, had Turkish Merest* very much at heart. The proprietor of teat papery at the same time held Turkkhbouds ^^^?'^?^PWJnds^nrinal) valne. ameere,bntfeumsn nature beine what it ;? 1 fall knowledge of .Jhea^SpZaTig.Laboa' ehere furnished his readers, sparing nodamag isgdet&u;, could Iiardly fail to modify the vast influence a great daily paper may wield. Bat the whole thing was so mixed up with personal Tindiotivenese that there can be nothing gained by a new trial. The puhBa have had quite enough of it Mr. Labouchere ;is well content, the affair bas coat Urn comparatively so little, and be m prepared to pay the costs for his pinter, who was indicted wIHi him. It rests with atr.&awaon;, and, -m tie whole, those who «awtiBatBenfleroan in the witness- box are pre l«raatotBtal«igoddi1iut he will not renew T1'*?*'''!' ''^S'? !»d«nbiaribBd£»5J00O fu thepmcrnaBtf Vm tain, mai miwAffxaknnn iMtanlaiaentJutttiwi. «ptaito«£w?£. \- -paw. Tf'f *T~*T»'*~TT*!iTTaffada«t»[imL_. SCinwrtTuBadcfBhafisjtwy wfcoaHaaa »?» haiMar fa aaster Ha^praSaea,and the Arehbiibop of Oaatartarr-wsprwerftogive hUenoourageaeottothe we* the Toung Hen's Christian Association in London aad the pro vinces have in hand. The Lord Mayor, Mr. gunnel Morley, HP, end other well-kaowa ?gentlemen were on the platform.' The praotioal nature of the sympathy felt by the assembly was shown by the reduction of the remaining debt from £7,C00 to £5,000 that day. The proceed ings were made the subject of a gentle protest on behalf of the ladies. Small handbills were distributed, the npper half of which contained the reminder in black letters, '£50,000 spent for the welfare of young men in London,' while tlio otter half, printed ia ted, bore, the wotdx, ?? Kothing for the young women. Why ?' The detailed aoooontB of the burning of the opera house at Nice show thhttlie tragedy waa beyond description dreadful, and that the loss of life exceeds the original estimate. How many perished may never be known. It may be 150 or 260, seeing that 100 bodies have been recovered, and that the remains of as many more may possibly be lying amongst the ruins, burnt out of all semblanoe to humanity. Among the victims were three members of the celebrated Kennedy family of Scotch vocalists— a son and two daughters, who were pursuing for the winter in the balmy climate of Nice the act with which they have delightedaudiences in all parts of the world. In fall joy, with smiles on lips, the spectators came to see the imaginary wees of Eduardo and Lucia portrayed, whan in a twiakling they became themselves actors in a most fearful tragedy. Panic raised its voice, and individuals whs a minute previously were intelligent, reasonable, and masters of them* selves, became a wild flock abandoned to despair. One result of the Nice catastrophe is to fur nish another argument against ttae useful bat detestable stuff we call '- gas,' which is so fatal to human life when it explodes, and so noxious when it does not. The City of London streets are now radiant with the electric light, and im proved systems crowd upon the heels a£ one another with bewildering rapidity. Swan and St. George Lane Fox have practically eclipsed Edison in this, country, but a Mr. Joel, of New castle, promises to eclipse them. He does not nse a vacuum lamp, which is expensive, bat has designed one which consists simply of a carbon thread, allowed to consume as it will. Every where, except in coal mines, this ought Co answer all purposes, and it is said to be as cheap as gas at 2s. per thousand cubic feet for lights of corresponding power. It is believed that the advantages of electric lighting may be extended to collieries, a consummation devoutly to be wished. At all events a film at Earnosk, near Hamilton, hag gone in for the Swan in candescent lamp for the whole of its oolleries. The capitalists molt now settle the question whether the electric light shall coma into im mediate use. It is early in the year for boating fatalities ; but a certain rashness in the strong gale of Saturday ltd to several -i«*Hi^ by drowning in the Thames. The local rowing dobs, consisting of ahos assis tants, were holding competitions during their half-holiday in the afternoon at Chiswick, and the river, agitated by the wind, became lite a tea. The watermen urged those in the pleasure craft to come ashore. Ihe voice of wisdom was in one case derided, with the painful sequel that the scoffers were Eoon after oapsUed, one joaEg woman being drowned and her companions rescued with difficulty. Imme diacy after the racing-boats preparing for a final heat were swamped, and four of the ore* of one of them were drowned. Darkness coming on rather suddenly found several frail craft still on the water, and cries for help were heard for a long time after. The dragging of the river on Sunday resulted in the recovery of several bodies besides those of the unfortunate crew of the racing cutter. Now that it is decided to abolish flogging in the army tie merits of proposed substitutes for the lash are being keenly criticised. The ques tion with most persons seems be what penalties will be severe enough ? Eat mast aU means of enforcing discipline be necessarily high-handed ones? BIr Charles Kapler thinks not. In his book against flogging he tells how a friend of his stopped drunkenness altogether ia a regi ment which had gained a disgraceful notoriety for bad conduct. He appealed to the men's own good eenee when he met them for the first time on parade in the morning. He followed np his exhortation that same evening by ordering a drunken man to be carried off to hospital, where he was blistered and kept on low diet for a week, as though he were a fever patient. The delinquents comrades' twittangs stung him a good deal more than the lash. A few other cases were dealt with in the same way, and the core was complete. The regiment was quoted as a pattern for good behavior. It was a victory for moral influence. The' Chamberlsioe v. BarnwelP second trial wee oceof tile most protracted ever heard in the Queen'* Bench Division, and the affair is not over yet. After fifteen days' hearing the jury found for the plaintiff, and awarded damages to £he *mrwiTit. of £3,000. The action was brought by a clergyman, for over forty years vicar of Keevil, county Wilts, against a clergy man at Meiksham, about five miles oS, but having no cure of souls. The libels were con tained in letters written to the plaintiff's nephew, accusing the plaintiff of gross immo rality. The case is surprising, supposing the finding to be correct, as an evidence of the length to which unfounded calumny may go, since there must have been a conspiracy among the plaintiff's parishioners to defame his character. The result mast be surprising for all tiie parties concerned. The defendant, who might have escaped with a payment of £50 at the first trial, succeeded in his request fora fresh hearing and is now ordered to pay £3,009. His surprise must be shared by the plaintiff, who by resisting the motion for the new trial, had shown he was content with his £50, and now the whole thing will have to be fought over a third time, the defendant having appealed on the ground that the damages were excessive. By the deeth of Sir Charles Beed, ALP., many philanthropic and religious institutions have lost an active supporter, and the London School Board a most able chairman, to whose in fluence the great success that institution has achieved is largely due. In ten years the board has covered London with a network of new schools; but the metropolis grows so f»Bt that even now only 69 per cent, of theohildren of the working classes can be at school at once. Sir Charles pointed out in the coarse of his last «¥innal tddrees that there are only two sehool pl&ees; f or every three children, and the saga cious development of the policy, which aims at bringing education within the reach of every child, occupied his energies almost to the very day of his death. His funeral was attended by many distinguished persons. 