Exhibition Letters. a tr [BY GARNET WALOII] of Temporary Silence - Surmise s-The at True Cause-On toe Operating Table- ei Celebrated Excuses-A Speculative Scoun- io drel-A HIorological Swindle-An Honest re Juror- The Red Cross and its Victories C] -The Art of Advertising. in Measenlpa. AleU maxirma rulpa 1--I may "1 as well make a clean breast of it, tell tire hc truth and shame-myself. You have beeni C languishing, sweet readers, for the mental it refreshment, cheering but not inebriating, tn to which you have lately been accustomed. no You have pined for the want of your epis.- id tolary "Vigorine" that doubly-distilleid V essence of veracity,aolhracing to thle Reystem. You have felt, confess it, utterly unhinged "' and miserable, and not even the latess fl Iccal scandal could, as a tonic in the absence of your favorite Exhibition letters. And this is all my fault. Of a verity I feel humbled and contrite in your presence, can but acknowledge my backsliding, ani sle most lustily for forgiveness. in And the -tho cause of it all ?- tl Listen 1-I have not been aturating my at soul with Ozonic Nepenthe at Sorrento, tl Queensland, or Lorne. I have not been w devoting every spare irinute to the perusal I rbf'tlhb forty-three competitive dramas for tl;eHamiltonian £2J50 prize. I have not been coaching Jack Gardiner in his forth- tl corning great speech on the Differential Cal bt culus in its relations to the Protoplasmic I Theory. I havenot been preparing the w. Rev. Mr. Strong's defence against the th gathering tlhundrstormuof Presbyterian be Orthodoxy. I have not been doing a bit of lay preaching on my own account, Pr "super"-ing at thire Royal,laying down wood ca 'pavement in Collins street,selling walnuts ts on the aide-walks. I have not been lured hi from the paths of journalistic rectitude by in any Will-o'-the-Wisp prospectus of a na new newspaper, offering gigantic terms to all and sundry who choose to follow it i through bog and mire to the ultimate tr slough of Bankruotcy. I have not been m closeted with Graham Berry, dictating his to future line of policy. I have not been with K Service in the Pesmarwur as far is King at George's Sound. I have not made afortuno tv in shares or a failure in an Emasculatel at Ileform Bill. I have notjoined eilher the Great ,Majority or the Moribund Ministry. I have not been in Goal for mnurderirig the i Queen's English, richly as I may Ihave se deserved it-or in the Hospital through ra I fracture of any of the ten conmmandments. al What then has absorbed my timne-what cr has prevented me~from the labour I so love, or my weekly chat with friends from glacier thronged New Zealand to the torrid shores N of Carpentaria? Simply and solely this.- n I have sated the revenlgeful thirst of "mine hl enemy," whoever it inmy be; 1 have laid nr mself caihny, gracefully, on the operating of table of the great kill or cure Ecole do th Vivisection; I have bared my manly breast hi to the floeares of tie assemibled circle of critics, and heaven help me, aln prepared fortile result. In plain language, swout. Ir readers mine, I have published a book, anti sr the final tdurches thereof have cost nme both ki time and anxiety. Not wishing to be sl accused of using this cluimni as n adver- si tising uedum, I refain from further p r- II ticulars ; but there is my Exouse I impugn it whose list I I think the above genuine statement is 1 more creditable than.if riot so witty as, the Sr " alliterative exmuse tendered to the public hi >by a celebrated firglish writer who on.re. surning the chapters of his story, after a ii long interval, informed his roaders that his et silence was attributable to "a little love, a little: law:, and a great deal of liquor," or to the more elaborate explanation of the OlW French journalist whoso "Eacess of Emro- ri tinrr at the. decease of a much-beloved m mother-in-law" kept him away fromn work at and necessitated a trip to the gaining. tables a of Baden.Bden--"whereat," lie addred, "I I long sought in vain to allay imy acute sorrow by alternately pluging iry soul g in the fiery ilood of 'rouge and the Stygiau stream of '~Noir.'" 1 My remarks, in a recent letter, about cheap v jewelecry, have received considerable a' emphanis by the :burst:ng of tire ltcdnow t( Watch Company bubble, so thoroughly exposed by the Arous. The price-list of d .this supposed company, emanating front a single] speculative scoundrel in America, ir offered solid silver-cased lever watches, w jewelled, with monogram engraved, spare sa mainsprings, glasses, and keys, and a writ- ri ten guarantee for three years, at 17s each; tl 18 carat gold watches at £2 . s.' and no on. So plausibly were the advertisements word ed, so much stress laid on the fact that' the 0 firm "was established in 1849," and had a since gained prize medals at all the great n Exhibitions, and such caution was exhibited tl in the matter of remittances "or reference - to a Boston louse," that many, I fear, have been gulled into sending money to America for these impalpable time-keepers It is to be hored that tlhey-(the dupes) and one and all of irs, will proflit by the lesson and that henceforth tihe respectable local firms will he patronized at their legitimate prices, and foreign rogues left to expend theircunning on tihe desert air. Better pay £5 for acervicesblu watch however plain :and devoid of extra jewels than remit half that amount across tlhe rolling seas in chase of a ghost of a ticker, a horo- logical Mrs. ' Arris, a watch not made with hands, fictitious in the clouds. I wonder if George Collins Levey, C.M.G., &c.; &c.; is agent for any America watch firms? Another swindle, just exposedl by tire Aryus, ia tie mannerr in which one of tihe jurors in the Hectior "Stationery, Printing : and Books," soIughIt to lupset tir awards of his fellowv jurore by refusing at tirut to vote inr their presence, anrd afterwarvds fur- 1 tively adding a series of "roughtlo" in order to reduce tirr tiotal average of thie awarrls. As 1, personally, m orn iruotei Iry tie Argo asoneof tie victitrs, andu as thie irnjustice really is more glaringly apparent ar regairds my exhibit that in any of thie others cases, I take this orpprtnrrity of thirkirng tihe gentleimer of thie .lury in the Foaid section \--excepting only Mr. Oliver Levey, btotler of Mr. George Collits Lcvey, C. M.G-for their honorable conduct in declining to ac cept tie slily-atixed, and rpalpalbly spiteful, vote of their lriglr-mir ded colleangue. An for Judas hilmself--lpoor rerorseful Jllrlas -for I amn sure hie ,urtle. Ito storrv now he is found out-Ilo can reek conrrolatiionr either after thie Ihisorical frtshior, or inr thie sciety Sofhi noble kinsmnan. Oh I Chllobniue ! The awrds havei all been made, nlrr there is the uaual six of satisfaction antid halfi • a dozen of disappotintment. Amongst the Sprincipal prize-takers I oam glad to see tihe . Red Cross Comipany, who Iear off chief honors for pickles, sauces, and preserves, .Ido not forgot ruy promises to give come d?ya deseription of tie operalctiuos carrited on by this Compnary.l looked in a short tiue .. R ]or the purilnoc, and fourd nro leas tlra 0o arlarh l Countles of Elloe nero anl Wred HeIreoy lrPhij it ing ovr the works. Slam told that tirl lvere higliy iened pi. ithld they eaw, rid made favourrlno \- c"mpansou betwvoc n the lied roea and ch ohereimilar fagtori lsmjhe old country. t. Stepoels well for tie :practical t omauon ; ,;.' aCaoof ou a8rhbLocratio visitors trattheoy should appreciate our manufacturing indls tries, and not allow the 'giddy maelstrom of society to absorb them together. The application of the Fine Arts to that still finer Art-the Art of Advertising-is every day becoming more and more fash ionable; note the admirable little pictures re Eno's Fruit Salt, drawn by Adelaide Claxton, and published in many of our lead ing papers. Note also a comical cut of "'Bfore and After," illustrative of the beneficial effects of Poulton's Electro Chemical Baths. I thonught.at first that it represented an individual wholutd par taken freely of the Yan Yean liquid mud, and the samne cointenance after a refreshing dranght of ".\luont Macedon" spring water, which, by the way, is now being sold'in Melbourne in large quantities, much to the delight of all who detest the fluid filth that flows from our taps. 