GENERAL NEWS. Thb KkVcrurajfymanvuiq.—The local piper ' «cje:—" There ia veiy Httle water left in the reservoir at present, certainly- not mora than a fortnight's supply. Tbe Hydraulio Engineer should take advantage of thia opportunity to pot Id filtration beda, without which the water thence will never be fit for other than irrigation purpoier. He ahoald alaotarn in a large flock of sheep tow that tbe water is down, as tfaeae wonld effectually puddle the portion that haa been submerged." Beskbtoib nan Fabiiu Town.—The Hoot. B. D. boss, H.P. and- A. B. Murray, M.L J., with several other gentlemen, interviewed the Commissioner of Grown Lands on the 80th December, and nrgod that a reservoir might ha constructed bet cen Farina Town and Hergott Springs. Xt was mentioned that Mr. H. T. Morris lout 4,000 sheep in travelling through the ooontry referred to in oonseqaenee of the scarcity of water, and Mr. Murray stated that from the same cause he has been nnable daring the Inst three years to send cattle from his ran in|*be locality in question to the Adelaide market. Tbe Commissioner informed the deputation that he wonld call for sua early report from tbe 8nrveyor-Oeneral upon the snbjeot, and if anything conld be done to meet their wishes be v/on!d give instructions for aach being proceeded with. Teh Misbiso Boat —With referents to the miseing boat from Bdithbnrgh, we understand that Mr. Ingham wai not in it, hot his son was. The boat was last seen at sundown on Toes day, It was tben about twelve miles off Edith burgh, and becalmed. A terrific storm came en between half-past 8 and 9 o'clock, from the north-wert. Surprise hae been expressed that a Government steamer has not been sent to search tbe Golf and neighbonrhcad of Kangaroo teland for traces of tbe boat. Tonng Brown was sn expert swimmer, and might possibly have been rescnabie. The Marine Board, who have had a sharp look-oat kept all along the coaats in the Golf, have receive! the following telegram from Aldinga respecting a boat, whiob we ore told does not answer the deioription of the Bdithbnrgh one" Boat fonnd last evening (Thursday) abont two tniles north of this port (Aldinga); keel upwards. It was 12 ft. long and 4 ft. wide, and had copper rowlocks, with plain tholes. The stern sheet was gone. It was of a lead colour outside, and white bottom inside. The top of the inside oars was Tar nished. There was no name. The paddles which were new, were 8 ft. long, and had W.O. scratched on the blades." The Year's Post and Telegraph Business. —By the courtesy of Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G., Postmaster-General and Superintendent of Telegraphs, we are enabled to give the appended figures relating to the business of the Telegraph Department of the colony daring 1881--Mes sages—local, 458,536; intercolonial, 137,630. Cash received in the colony, £37,391 8s. Cable messages forwarded from South Australia, 2,363; do. received in South Australia, 3,173. Value of international traffic, £206,808 14s. 8d.; Sonth Australia, proportion thereof, £23,142 10s. 2d. New stations have been opened at Peters burg, Yongala, Green's Plains, Port Elliston Magill, and Port Germien. Picnic at Olothb Hill.—A pionio in con nection with the local Church was held at. Olovor Bill, on Monday, 20th insi., and. psssed off very well. By midday there were between three and four hundred persons on the -ground, who seemed to thoroughly enjoy themselves, and to enter with seat into the various games in cidental to a gathering of the kind. Daring the day a cricket match was played between the members of the Georgetown Orieket Glob and of the Bide Volunteer Company, the latter winning with six wiokets to spare. At 1 o'elook the cricketers adjourned to a Innohoon pro vided by the Glover Hill ladies, and at half-past 4 there was a pnhlio tea, to whioh a large nnmber sat. down. At about half-past 6 the affair broke up, when all expressed themselves nonoh pleased with the day's proceedings- The Georgetown brass band wis in attendance, and the prooeeda amounted ts about |£15. Ohbistkas at Watsbvaiw. — Bone fonr months ago a few of the Watervale Indies offered to get op a Christmas tree, the pro ceeds of which were to be devoted to the redac tion of the debt on the Bible Christian Church. The ladies in question here worked well, the result being that on Wednesday lart, the 88th, a large number of useful and ornamental artioles were got together. A large pine at the Qhriat mas-tree was elaborately ornamented, and when lighted np was a great attraction, beeidea which there were two Stella on whieh were displayed some very pretty worfci of art. Hetdames Bandow and Both, together with the Mlaeea Cole, Bad cook, Bandow, Bollock, and Tamer, took charge of the stalls, tee., and wore very ahcoeaafnl in disposing of the various articles under their charge. Mr. J. J. Duncan, J.P., per formed the opening oeremony. The total pro ceeds of the sale were something over £80, besides which there are articles left to the valoe of about £20. The ptooeedings were enlivened by selections of mnsie, which were well played by Hisses Fierce and Williamson, and Mr. Williamson and Mr. 0. Sobels. Flotit Steam.—On Tuesday afternoon lest, at Port Wakefield, a little child, eon of Mr. J. Johnson, feil from the wharf into the river and a look fait in the mad at the bottom. The only help near was a little lad about eleven years of age, son of Mr. MoKecbnle, who promptly dived after bim and brought him to the eorface, sustaining him against the timber of the wharf until help same. Dr. Hayder waa called, and the ohild soon rallied. Dbath of Jusnca&tWH.;—This eminent legal authority, whose death is announced this morn ing, was born at Shaftesbury Oetobar 85, 1807, end educated at his native plaoe, and called to the bar in 1840. He practised with mneh sue cm, became Q.O. in 1857, and was appointed one of the Jndgea of the Queen's Bench .in November, 1885, when he received the honour of knighthood. Sir B. Iioeh wrote "Notes on the New Will Act," sad "Act far Abolishing Arrest far Debt," published in 1838; " Practioe of the Superior Courts," in 1848, tea. la Angus t, 1878, he was nominated s member of the Boyal Commission appointed tn enquire into the provisions of the draft oode relating to indictable offences. L'c Ton's Wheat.—We hive been shown a fipe sample of Da Tnit's, or Twenty-weeks,., wheat, grown by Mr. Milton, of Maoliren V»le, The seed ma town on July 20, and the crop «u out on December 12. The heads are long-bearded, and rather loom. The grain it slightly pinched and flinty, but it may im prove on further cultivation, aa baa been. the caae with the Defiance and Ohamplain aorta. Ifc wlll be remembered that the DuToit wheat was iotrodnced by Mr. Playford, the late Commie eiontr of Orown Lands, and bear* the reputation - ol being rnat- proof. Chbibtiub Bouhtt. —The annual feast in con nection with the Bowden and Hindmarab Mission was dispensed with this year, as several of the aged and infirm were unable to attend; but through the - kind consideration of Mr, J. H. Angas, J.P., the amount usually devoted to the pnrpoee was dispensed by the missionary (Mr. T. Harkneas) to deserving-reolpient*. Gjit to thb Eotasio Gabdhbs,—Dr Schom burgle baa received from Professor J. Deoaisner. Director of the Moeeom d'Hietoire Naturelle, Paris, « eo'leotion cf 826 species of Herboriam plants, compriaieg representatives of the Floras of Algeria and the Island of Martiniqne. OBBUTHAS AT IBB DdlTTTTTH 48TLUM.- The Destitute Board acknowledge with thankfulness the following gifts, which they received daring Ohristmestide, for the inmates of the Asylum A qnsntity of eake and trait from Mrs. Frew ; t cask of wine from Mr. Hardy, Bankside; two casks of beer from Messrs. Primrose, and one do, from Mr. B. T. Smith; a oase of confectionery from Mr. Harford; two invalid obaira from Mies Keyed!—the last-named present is a great boon, to the decrepid inmates. Extkbtaimuht at Olabbkdoh.—Ad enter tainment wu given by the " Adelaide Eight" in the Oddfellows' Hell on the evening of the 28th. inat-Tbe programme eonaisted of songa,chorns9i recitations, and a drama entitled " The Bud of the Tether." All the items in the first part or the programme were well rendered and loudly applsnded. The drama was a very creditable < prodnction, and nicely pot on the stage; all he characters played well to each other, and showed good talent end careful training. The hall was so - crowded that the doors were thrown wide open, and many ticketholdera were seated ootaide,. The entertainment was one of the most success ful yet held in the hall. OoHXlBCIAIl TbAYULBBS' ASSOCIATION.— The annual general meeting of the Commercial' Travellers' Association was held at the Greaham Hotel on Thursday evening, the 29th inst. Thie Association, which has been established since ■ 1874, seems to be growing in the esteem ofs those for whose benefit it was designed, The meeting on Thnraday was very nnmeronsly attended, the different items of holiness re ceiving careful attention. It is known to onr - readers that this Association holds scholarships In the University of Adelaide and at St. Peter's College, the latter of which is held by a son of one of the members. Besides this there; is asteadily growing fund, which it ~~•hall be dieposed of as follows:—One- half to thw relief of members daring illness or distressed ■ cirenmstsnoes ; one-fourth to educational pur poses other than scholarships; and one fourth for a reserve fond, available for any contin gency which may arise. After some < discussion this idea, whloh wu a re commendation from a anb-committee, was - adopted. The election of officers resulted - in the unanimous re-election of Ur. L. P. Law- - renoe as President, Ur. Ohlttlebprongh Viae,. Ur. J. T. McLean Treasurer, and Ur. 0. Aubrey' ts Secretary. • This latter position has been, hitherto honorary, bnt the increasing clerics work demanding more time, the meeting eleoted'. a paid officer. In addition to the ordinary work, the President attended to other matters, in cluding membership of the Ezohange, right of entry to the Baeeoonreee and Orieketc Oval, &o.;, &o.; The former, through the cour tesy of the proprietors, baa been successfully, carried through, and it waa hoped ere long the-, latter may. The retiring officers received I hearty votes of thanks for past services, sua energetio committee was eleoted, and the hope, generally expressed that all oommeroial travel lers woald join, so that both in Bombers and.* finances the Association may continue to thrive and attain the position reached by kindred -. Boeictie* in other plaoes. Tshdihs.—Tenders were reoeived at tbe Star— veyor-Generol'o Offioe daring tbe week ended.' Friday. December 80—for the construction of"' attack at Fort Bronghton, two tenders; that of. T. B. Heath was the lower. For sinking a well at Lancelot, Hundred Gumbo wie, two; that of T. 0. CfKeley being tbe lower. Tan Man "via Pmhouth."— A. gentleman •< in Adelaide sends us the following extract isomi a letter reoeived by the last mail from Sir Arthur Bljth, the Agent-General of South Australia, which la deterring the attention of ail persona having correspondence with London, Bir Arthur says" If yon had marked your letter via Naples, and paid 2d. extra, I should have received it five days earlier. I do so wish this mail via Plymouth waa abandoned; it is a source of never-ending annoyance. Persona, nominated with yon by their friend^ who pay SA each for tbem, almost invariably send the > certificate* "via Plymouth,'and when there is a. ship filling np people who might have gone. . cannot, because they have not their O.P.O.'a,, and others who have take their plaoes." "Wanships non ran Acsthaliah Statioh.— The Government have received a despatoh dated November 12 from the Lord Commissioners of > file Admiralty,.and forwarded by Burl Kim berly, stating that the ELM.8. Diamond and Eapiegle would -shortly leave England to join tbe oqnadtwn at Sydney, and that tbey would call at Fremsntle and Adelaide ea route. "VoLxmnn Moitibt Mattxw,—The follow ing la an extraot from general orders dated December 80:—L Captain far tbe ensuing week. Captain Stuart; subaltern far the ensuing week, Lieutenant Birrell. 2. In fnture lieu tenant* before being promoted to the rank of - captain will be required to pia an examination in battalion drill, using Captain Clark's model*, aimllir examination will be required bom eaphios before being appointed te tbe rank of major. 8. Moonlight parade* will be held on the 4tb, 6th, or 6th of Jtnuuy. 4. Private H. Lnoas of E Company A.B. i* granted aix. months' leave of abeenee. Iwpectioh of Lighthouse—The Marine Board started yesterday to complete the inspection of lighthouses. The Northern tour will allow of the Bo.rd calling at the following places:—Cape Bords, Althorpes, Tort Augusta, Point Lowly, Ports PMe and ■ Geruein, Eastern Sboal Lightship, Wallaroo, Moonta, Kilkellan, Port Viotoria, Uiniaoowle, ■ Biokaby, Point Tnrton, Tipara, Oomey Point, Troubridge, and Cape Jervis. At Lowly Polat • a site will bs selected for a lighthouse, tho 1 oard will be occupied a week on the voyage. Tan Ohildiwh's Hospital.—A meeting of -the House Committee was held on Thursday, December 29. The Matron's report stated the \- average of patients during the past month had been 29; present number, 25; admitted, 8; • discharged, 12; death, 1. Theoommltteedesire ' thankfully to acknowledge the receipt of a variety of gifts from the following ladies and. . .gentlemen, viz.:—Lady Jervois, Misses Hart, 8 Magarty, Flett, Peterawald, Jenness, and Elliot; Afesdame* Beach, W. M. Campbell, Driffield, -Glyde, Joyner, Johnson, OHalloran (of . England), F. Biohardeon (3addleworth), Bim ■ mons, Btuokey, F. Wright, and Mrs. Goyder's ■children; Messrs. Berena Brothers, Edgecombe, -Gsrliok, Hnddleston, 3. Bobertaon, E. Bsines (S reaky Bay), W. O. Bigby, Stirling,~F. Wright, £. H. Wigg A Sons, and the South .Australian Institute. Thb Oonfidbkcb Thick m Nsw Yobk.—An -Adelaide contemporary quote* from the New York Tribune ao acooaot of s swindle which had Iieen perpetrated in that city upon Mr. U. Proud, «f this office. As the details so givep are in some particulars rather wide of the facts, we :give the atory as told by Mr. Proud himself in a letter to a gentleman in Adelaide. *' I hare been robbed of £10 by a gang of thieves on the • day after my arrival in Mew York. It was done ' by a rather clever bnt barefaced combination of the ■ confidence' ana Mattery' tricks. Assisted ' by tbe police, however, I got both men arrested within two hours of the robbery, having -daring that interval not lost sight of one of tbetn. When I arrived at my hotel a man was waiting with my $50 and $25 more for my trouble and to save giving any money to the lawyers. The bribe was afterwards increased to . $100, and more if I wanted it. I declined, of -conrse, in Spite of tbe threats that next night I should be in the lock-up in tbe absence of bill, and that the prisoners wosld be ont; that there was no justice in Mew York; that Judges and Juries were bribed, and witnesses tired ont in such cases. Tbe District Attorney (Orown Solicitor) appeared for me voluntarily when he < heard of my oase, and io spite of two adjouro \- ments I have now got my men committed for trial end a bill found by the Grand Jnry. The final trial comes off on Monday, and those who at first strongly adyiatd me to take the bribe and let the arsnndrels go try now that they will be convioted. Tbe confidence men of Mew York are celebrated for their cleverness (I Anew this before I came here. I know it even better now). Only to-day I beard of them get ting a cheque for $2,900 from one of the \--smartest of Philadelphia lawyers! They tried it on with the Judge of the Harlem River ' Police Court laet week, and it ia said they not long ago accosted General Grant. On the morning \--of the first examination a young Qieens lander came to see if my friend* were bis friends who had got $500 Irom him, \- and then presented a revolver at his head. TXnfor Innately he allowed his men to escape, • and when be went bsek fifteen minntes after wards the Art Union offioe was a bedroom. Bo. it was in my oase an hoar afterwards; but I had .got my men first looked Jip. I raoedandeollued two of tbem myself and handed them over to ' the police. My 'aocldent' haa given me a good insight 'Into tbe legal procedure of this '-country. It la indeed peculiar. Tbe Judge, Police Superintendent, lawyers, and witness -were smoking daring tbe hewing of my oase." A Nokteibh Oollkoh.—We take the fol ■ lowing from the Agricultural Beview of Decern 1 ber 18:—"It is intended to establish a finishing < school for boys, of the same stamp as the Frinoe • Alfred College, in Jamestown. The want of \- an ah a school has long been felt, and the need enust necessarily become more apparent as each . year rolls by. Parents in the North have a ■ natoral hesitation to send their children so far. ■ away as Adelaide, and will probably hall with satisfaction the eatablishftaent of an efficient > scholastic institotion in a northern centre. One of the main features, we are able and glad to announce, will be the total abaenoe of any sec tarian element." Suspected Suicide.—On Wednesday morn i ing the Oity Coroner oommenoed an enquiry at the Destitute Asylum into the cause of the death of a woman namrd Mary Crisp, who was found in the Botanic Gardens on the previous \- day. The oDly evidenoe taken wss that of the policeman who removed the body to the morgue, and this .was merely to the effeot that he had searched the spot where the occurrence took > place, and had found that the deceased had round iher neck when she was taken from the water a common handbag, in which had been placed a atone about sis pounds in weight. Mr. Ward gave instructions for a post-mortem examination 1 to be made, and this has accordingly been done. 'The inquest now stands adjourned until Satur day. Thh Tblbphomb.—This useful instrument (according to a London contemporary) is rapidly making its way in public favour. Before the Government granted the United Telephone Company a licence it was foretold that a "tele f logue" would be sent from one part of London to another for a penny. This prediction has been completely fulfilled. In one week the United Telephone Company passed along its wires ' 19,622 messages a day for 1,218 subscribers, at a -total cost to them of £61, or as nea ly as possible \- one penny per meaaage. These results are new, ' it may be added, only to England. For some time past there have been telephone exchanges in the great olties of the New World. Oohhbbci Ax, Mabihb Ihsubahob Ookpaht. —The half-yearly meeting of this Company was held on Wednesday, Deoember 21, and attended by a large proportion of the shareholders. The \- Chairman in moving the adoption of the report \- and balance-sheet, to which referenophas already been made in our columns, gave an interesting retrospect of the Company's operations during \- the three years ahd'f our months of its existenoe. Tbe motion was carried unanimously. Messrs. W. Hill and J. Dawson were re-elected Dlreotors, and the remuneration of the Board was in creased to £500 per annum. Messrs. Soott and Kekwick were reappointed Auditors, and their fees were fixed at fifteen fhineas. Christian Oohfibhkcb.—A aeries of meet ings is announced to be held at Clare on January '2,1882, for the promotion of tbe higher attain ments of Christian life. Tub rotTEB Bbodbs DiawoHP.—The Timet of November 15 pablube* the following:—'' On Saturday Bight one of the greet diamonds of the world, the largest, scoordiug to tfr. Bdwio Streeter, «hioh hss been found this oentnry, was exhibited at 18, New Bond-street. It was .discovered in the claim of Hr. Porter Rhodes in the Kimberley liioe, Sonth Africa; and by its remarkable whiteness completely disposer of the charge against Afiiea of being the purse of tawny diamonds. The surface diamonds had indeed a yellow hne, bat now that the miners have gone below the trap tbey find in Jagera fontein and other famous regions of the Qriqna diamond-fields the clearest bine-white stones. The Porter Rhodes diamond was brought to light on Febrnary 18, 1880; and before it lift the diamond-fields £509 (whioh was placed to the credit of the local Hospital) had been paid by spectators admitted to see it, and £60,000 had been offered for it in vain by a syndicate of London jewellers. It weight 150 carats, is still nnent, bat is so oloven that the ' table' and one of the ' steps' are already formed, and it will lose less thin most diamonds in the catting, being expeoted to prodace a net weight of abont 100 oarats when it assumes the form of a biiiiiant. Its great parity of colour and compactness of shape made it a beautiful object, even in its present rough state. Hr. Streeter shows near it models of other famons diamonds — the Koh-i-Neor (108jV oarats), with whioh Hr. Rhodes hss been enabled, by the Qneen'a permission, to compare it at Windsor; the Star of the South (the great Brazilian atone); the Dresden Drop, &o.;, together with the unique jewel, the Meckel diamond, in whioh a smaller stone haa been embedded by some freak of natnre. Here also is the red diamond, like the ruby, bat shooting back the rays of the eleotrio light with a directness characteristic of the diamond, the green diamond, with the stone of Oeylon, a miller stones carried for years in a pith box behind a negro's ear, great milk-white pearls, and the instroos shells from which they bare been taken, pink pearls, and the topazes whioh dis play a luminous star blazing in different quar ters ot their conrex hemisphere as the Tights fall on them differently. It was interesting to compare with these gems the more valuable jewel from Sonth Africa, and the comparison was enjoyed on Saturday by a numerous com pany, among whom were many members of the Corpt Diplomatique, Mr. Uhilders, Lord E. Obnrohill, and others. The diamond was shown to the Queen and to Prinoess Beatrice aod the Dnke of Albany at Osborne in January of this year, and Her Majesty presented Mr. Bhodes on that occasion with a watoh- which he showed on Saturday with as mnoh pride as his big diamond." BaraixpoxiK Akbbici.—Siys the N,io lork Weekly Tribune:—Chicago, where smallpox has been a scourge this year, is furnishing statistics to the partisans of vaccination. Forty per cert, of the 359 oases sinoa January 1 have proved fatal, and a large proportion of the fatal cases have occurred among the degraded foreign populations who resist vaecination with violenee. Eighty-one ont of the 108 deaths from smallpox : in Beptember were in a ward where there are 40,000 persona who have not been vaeoinated. The opponents of vaecination wonld of course urge the lack of cleanliness, &o.;, as the trne reason for the spread of the disease." Mas lira Bosbd.—There was a full Board meeting on Thursday, and a fair amonnt of business transacted. The Orown Law Officers decide that goods can be shipped only from legal landing-place*. In this way monopoliei are created for jetties in some plaoes. The I master of the ship which brought out an'insane seaman will not be allowed to disoharge him without providing for his return passage. The Superintendent of the Sailors' Home will dis- i pose of his business to enable him to reoelve the [ appointment of seamen's rnnner. Some dis cussion took place aa to the unsatisfactory state of affairs respeotisg the Eorata barge. Farther official information will be sought,but the thing I was characterized aa a monstrous shame, and f the resistance of the claim as an exhibition of base ingratitude. In accordance with a previous resolution simultaneous tendering has taken place for goods required to be imported for the Board. One local offer was reoeived, which, ' besting favourable comparison with the English price, will be acoepted. FBOTOGWHma A. Ship's Ooubsi.—Fr«tr> America oomes a suggestion to employ photo graphy for traolng a ahip'a oonrae on the ehar t The chart (eaya a London paper) la printed on sensitive paper—or rather on several sheets of sensitive paper—one sheet being employed per item. The sensitive chart sheet b mounted upon a bar magnet, so that the sheet b always | kept north and sonth, and by means of dock work the' magnet and sheet are 'advanced a certain distance during the twenty- four hours. This distance depends upon the clockwork, and the clockwork b regelated hour by hour, or at euch intervals as the speed of the vessel is noted that b to say, the clockwork, by adjusting the fly-wheel, may be altered with the speed of the vessel, whether thb is going ten, twelve, or fourteen knots an hour, as the case may be. A small fixed lens concentrates a penoil of light from' a lamp npon the moving sensitive chart and thb then becomes marked with the coarse .of the vessel. Thb Post Oobpoeatiow . —The Town Ooanoil of Port Adelaide met on Thursday afternoon Amongst the matters which were dlsoussed was that of asphalting some of the principal streets and footpaths; and by what was rtid there b a probability of the improvement being extended generally to Port Adelaide.' Ektbbtaixkbxi .—On Monday evening, 26th inst., an entertainment was given in the Uraidla Assembly-rooms by a party of gentle man amateurs from Adelaide, Norwood, and FOrt, The programme was a lengthy and varied one. Mr. G- Diosdale's yentriloquial wonders secured well-deserved applause, Messrs. 3. Bconey and A. Fisher in their eomio songs fairly brought down the hoube; while Messrs. Nairne, Hamilton, and Fbher in their very amoBing farces, "Unhappy Pair," and "Toby and the Ghost," created immense fan. Mr. 3, Veysey in hb Ethiopian eocentrioities made much'merriment. Mr. Dew officiated with great credit at the pbno. A dance took place after wards, and was kept np with spirit for some time. Attempted Suicidb.—On Saturdsy evening, Mr. P B. For, who has for a short time been s patient at the Adelaide. Hospital, attempted to commit eeioide by catting his throat. He is now progressing as favourably under the oircomatacces as can be expeated. Fisdimo A Bwao.—On Tuesday evening last (saje the Teroxoie AV*>j of December 23) informa tion was brought into the town that a swag had teen discovered in the bank country about twenty-six miles from Para too Station. It is pretty old and dilapidated, but as there is a possibility of its having been thrown away by some poor fellow famishing for want of water, Mounted-Constables Hodges and Hast wore dis patched on Wednesday *itb a view of. finding the man, or at any rate his remains. They will, we understand, take some black trackers from Parstoo Btation to assist them in the search. An Eccbmtbic Prelim.—On Monday after noon considerable commotion .was caused out side tbe Exhibition Orounds by the extraordi nary actions of sn Individnal who wss offering es for sale. From the seoonnts of the scene given by several spectators and by two of the persons wbo were the vietims of his ass salts, it woald seem that the man, whose name is John FitzgibboD, wee standing near the gate atabont half-past 4, and that he then applied to the gatekeeper to pass him in free. Meeting with n refusal Fitzgibbon retired to the spot where he had been previously standing, and noticing several yonng fellows close by went np to them and enquired whether they desired to invest in hie pies. They refused, and plsoing his basket on the ground, Fitzgibb n without apparently the slightest provocation, took a knife wbioh be was partying about with him, and made a dtab at one of tbe young men. Seeing what was happening, another person named Charles Whitooaibe went to hit assis tance, and turning round Fitzgibbon rushed at him, threw him down, and while iu that posi tion struck him with the knife near the shoulder and on tbe ohln. In attempting to take the knife fiomthemBn,WiUiamSquare,,wbohad just come through tbe Exhibition gates, had the palmof bis hsnd somewhat severely out. Fitzgibbou, how ever, had not done, for it was not until he had made a posh at several other people that he was forced to desist. He then made a run, and passing through the Park Lauds went along Bundle-street; butbelore be bad got very far Detective Barehell, who wm following him in a trap, overtook him, and he was formally arrested. It was a most fortunate circumstance that the knife was almost worn oat and very flexible, or the conaeqnenoes would probably have been very serious. As it is, however, com paratively little injury has been done. Fi ;z gibbon was charged by William Square with cutting him with a knife, with in tent to do him grievous bodily harm, on De cember 26. The evidenoe showed that Square saw the deiendant running after a man with a knife in his hand. Be seized the defendant, and attempted to take the knife from him, but he drew it through his hand, cutting him severely. Defen dant also chased several other persons, and tried to stab them. The prisoner was remanded for a week in order that be might be examined by a medical man. Voujuthhb Iibxb.—In the General Ordera for the week ended December 23, the Com mandant notifies that the officers' drill model olasB is discontinued. A non- oommlisioned officers' class will be formed next month, and will meet at the Staff Offioe on Tuesdty even ing, January 10. Nanus'must be sent in to Captain Williams before January 7. All men of G Company who' have not completed their firing will prooeed to Dry Creek for that purpose on Jacuary 7. Iu order to be in uniformity with the dress of the Imperial Army the follow ing notification is made to regulate the badges of rank of non-oommisaioned officers:—1. The chevrons of arms of the service are to be wom on tbe right arm only. 2. All four-bar chevrons will be worn below the elbow, with the points upwards, and all those of less than four-bars will be wom above the elbow, with the points down wards. 3 Sergeants will not wear crowns. 4. Battery sergeants, majors, and coloar-sergeants will wear three-bar chevrons only and crowns, or colour- badge^ as the osse may be. 5. The staff instructors, Brigade Bergeant-Uajor Artil lery, and Begimental bergeant-Major of the Adelaide Bifles will wear four-bar ohevrons. All non-commissioned officers are at onee to alter their uniforms, if required, in oouformity with the above. All men entitled to white trousers can obtain them on application to . Messrs. G. & W. ShierlaW. One month's leave of absence has been granted to Captain Fiveasb, end three weeks to Captain France. St. Pbtbb'b Oollsqb—Mr. H. S. Anthony the Secretary of 8t Peter's Oollegiate School, informs us that the Oonnoil of Governors have offered the Rev. F. Williams the post of Acting Head Master of that institution, and that he has accepted it. Fatal AcctDEHT.—The Oity Coroner held an inquest at the Old Colonist Hotel, Norwood, on Saturday afternoon, on the'body of John Soob'e, a eand carter, who was hilled the previous evening. Deoeased went to the banks of the river flowing through'Payneham,'and seeing a large pieee of earth he, in the absence of-his mate, began to exeavate with the intention of getting a finer description of sand than he had hitherto been able .to obtain. His mate re turning shortly afterwards found that he was bnried ander two feet-of earth, and it was some time before he oould be got out. The deceased, who was regarded as a vera-steady and hardworking man, leaves four children and a wife, who expects shortly to be confined. The Jury oollected £2 13s. in the room and handed it to the widow. Manna Boabd —This Board met on Thurs day morning, Deoember 23. They again ob jected to immediately deepen the approaches to Jervols Bridge. The appointment of seamen's runner was about to be conferred on the Super intendent ef the Frinoe Alfred Sailor's Home when it was discovered that he was disqualified from holding the office under By-law 14, whioh does not allow the runner among other things to be interested in keeping a shop. The appointment was postponed. A oommunleation was read from the Brisbane Board relative to the survey of-foreign ships. Nbw OovBiunmre - Offiobs.—On Friday, December 23, the Mayor and Oity Council were shown over the new Government Offices, Victoria-square, by the contractor, Mr. James fihiw, and afterwards entertained by him at the Earl of Zetland. Mr. Shaw was presented with a handsome gold locket and chain bythesub contractors as a mark of their appreciation for him. The cost of the building when handed over to the Government will be about £60,C00, and it will be completed about twelve months before the contract time expires. Ouixeoi Pass Fauci Salb.—The three da}*' sale at the College Park Oongregatlocal Church Schoolroom laat week realised £118, which will be a material help to. the ladib i whit are preparing for a bazaar next year Id aid of the redaction ofthe debt'of £2,500 on the cbnroh. On Thursday JfriDi ffi Kelvin twisted in disposing by auctlon.of a number of the more perishable articles and the pbtplenta. Tan BiaiTaaiata IUiLWATiBA<wm.—The great] majority of the Parliamentarians who attended this banquet on.Thursday night left Strathalbyn for Adelaide at 6 o'clock on Friday morning, a little more than fonr hoars after the formal proceedings terminated. Hit Bxoelleney the Governor, the Commissioner, of Pnblio Works, the Treasurer, the Attorney-General, and a few of the members remained behind, some going on to Port Elliot and Port Viotor, and the rest returning to the city daring the afternoon. Owing to the undue length of the toast-programme at the banqnet it was Im possible to wire thrikigh more than a mere mention of the less important toasts. Aa sup plementing what haa appeared, it may be stated that Mr. Ward, M.P., in proposing The Town and Trade of Strathalbyn, Haunt Bstker, and Southern Townships," expatiated on the scheme mooted by Hr. West-Brskiae for the utilizing of the Ooorong in eonneetdon'with an intercolonial railway connecting South Aus tralia with Victoria.■ He agreed that it would be advisable to clear the Ooorong of obstruc tions to navigation in view'of looal necessities, bat ridloaled the ides that its waters would be used in connection with railway pommunication with Viotoria. The Mayor of Strathalbyn (Mr. J. Maofarlane) suitably responded; Dr. Deane, of Uonnt Barker, proposed/'The Agrionltnral, Pastoral, and Mining Interests of South Aus tralia," and the Hon. J. Oarr replied; " The Army, Navy, and Volunteers" was given by Hr. L. V. Tite. J.P., and responded to by Colonel Downes, B.A. Several other toasts were honoured. Up to thr Mark. — We have teen (says the Jamestown Agriculturist) a number of Belalie wheat samples which are np to their nsnal high standard. Twelve, thirteen, and fourteen bnthels to the acre appear to be the general result, bnt we hear of over sixteen bushels from some quarters, Mr. Tbyer's yield attaining the latter figure. Altogether we have rnnch to be thankful for this year, and Belalla will take its usual place on the Northern list. Tub Anient Shoot nte Cass at Hiltoh.— We are informed that the police have made every enquiry into Justin's report of having been shot by a man at Hilton on the evening of the 22nd instant, and have arrived at the conclusion that the wonnd was accidentally self-inflioted, and that the story related by him was concocted for the purpose of gaining notoriety. Their reasons for believing this are that some hoars after the accident a pistol was pioked np at the soene of the occurrence, and was shown to Jnstin at the Hospital, who denied all knowledge oi it. Sub sequently the person to whom it belonged was 1 discovered; who sail that he had lent it to Justin a few days before for the purpose of sbootii g hares. On Justin being confronted with this person he admitted that the pistol was in his possession that evening, and that he had thrown it away on being .shot for fear cf its being found on him, at the same time express ing his regret that he had told a falsehood abontit. Having in view the improbability of his statements, and the detection ofa deliberate falsehood on his part, the police believe that he must have met with an accident from the pistol (which when found bore evidenoe of having been recently discharged), and that to get' notoriety he invented the story which he originally told. Oapsizu hear Moomta A cabman named Jones was driving a f nil load of passengers from Moonta Bay to Moonta on Boxing Day, and in pulling off the road to allow another trap to pass by managed to upset his own oab, spilling the passengers in a promiscuous heap. ■ Mr. G. Emerson reoeived a severe blow on the leg, Mrs. Emerson was strnok in the forehead, one of their little girls' received a nasty out in the leg, and a baby had itsarmiojnred. Two other little girls were injured, one having her ear cut, Bnd another getting .'a nasty gash in the lip. Dr. Blphick attended to the injured ones, and they are progressing as well as can be expected, though it is likely that Mr. Emerson will be laid aside from active duty for some time. Gbrat Bush Firr.—A fearful Are (says the' Wa-loroo Times of Saturday), is at present raging on the opposite side of Spencers Gulf, between Point Lowly and the Franklin Harbaur district.' The remains of the burnt leaves were falling in Kadifis and Wallairoo on Friday.. Thb E M S. Bon.—A namber of passengers came ashore from the mail steamer on Saturday, Sir H. Lefroy and party came ashore early in the Mermaid, and were met by the phief Secre tory and the'Minister of Education. A saloon carriage'was sent down the Holdfast Bay Ball way, and Sir H. Ltfroy went np to Government House. ' He willbe the guest of His Excellency the Governor daring his stay, which will, pro bably be afortnigbt. Adelaide Hospital.—At a meeting of the. Board of Management on Friday, December 16, the Secretary acknowledged reoeipt of the fol lowing donations:—Mr J.H. Angaa, £20; Mr. J. Bowman, £10; Mairoe Bail way Accident Fund, £25;Hon. J. Orozler, £10 10s.; Hind marsh Ooporation, £10. Ames ian Bo do a, X.O.O. — Ob Monday evening, tbe 19th inet., the Gawler Athenian Lodge, I.O.O., met at the Iostitate Committee room for— amonget other business—tbe appoint ment of a eurgeon in the room of Dr. Hutchinson, who' has resigned in consequeboe of hie being appointed surgeon to the Medina and District Mines There were eleven applica tions—tine from Victoria, and two from South Australia. .Dr. George Addison, J.P., was chosen. iKWQBATion.—Tbe number of persons who arrived at Fort Adelaide by sea from other ports during the week ending Satnrdey, De cember fc4, was 688. Of these 417 were from Melbourne, 16 from Albany, 5 from Vaeae, and 1 from Hobaxt. - *iim AccmoiT.—On Saturday last (sayi the local Tlvut), about 11 o'olock am., an aoeident ooourred in tbe Wallaroo Mines. J wish Front and Joseph Waters were timbering on a plat form at the 105-fstbom level in Young's Shaft. Tbe platform suddenly gave way, and tha two men were precipitated a distanoe of seven fathoms, abont three leads of stone and other dibris failing with them to the bottom of the shaft. Both were badly cat and braised. .They were taken to tbe surface and removed to the Mines Offioe, where they were attended to by Dr. Boblnaon. Although severely shaken, both men are progressing fairly towards reoovery. Thb Bivbbibb Taasa A abort lime ago one af the riverine papera published a leader advo cating the establishment of aireot railway com munication with Sydney bom Wentwovth aa being infinitely - superior to- direct communica tton with Helboarne. The Wmitoorth Teltgrapk in commenting on thia article made some re marka with reapeot to the ooioniea in wboae power it ilea to aeebre the.riverlne trade, in the' conraeof which appeared the following:—*' Aa for Sonth Australia,' her lnkewarmnesa, seeing that her merchant* and tradesmen art all dlrcotl; and considerably intereated in our' trade, is more than remarkable—it la peat ac counting for. When Mr (now Jadge) Bottbant waa in power, the qneation of railway ekte'n aion tbltherwarda from' Morgan waa actively taken np and foatered by hia Ministry, end it' wae with aome oonfifienee regarded - aa likely to reanlt in the echeme being carried ont; bat' the activity of a few gentlemen-Interested in tbe river trade, who ia other respects are far teeing eeongh to comprehend what ia' for the fotnrw benefit of that colony, retarded ia part tbe attempt to bit the nail on the bead which waa to eecnre to the colony all'the benefits it aotnaily possesses by close proximity to, and an established connection with, our moet valuable -territory. The Hon. W. Morgan haseinoe'done his qnota in Parliament and at the late Inter colonial Conference in furtherance of the same scheme; bnt again the matter haa been rele gated to the background In favour of minor local interests. Having the shortest diatanoe to extend her line, and being 100 miles nearer than either of the other oentrea, ahonld «he be outstripped in the triple race, to her will be the eheme end the loss." Nnw LiOBTHonsa at Post MaoDomiix — Tbe Border Watch states that the (tone work et the new lighthouse, Port Mao Donneil, is now finished, and the con tractor ia patting in the staircase. . JTbl» U 01 iron. The erection of the lantern dpes not form part of Use contract, and when the strao tare is ready it will he pnt np under the direc tion of special officer of the Marino Board. Tbe stonework la thirty feet high, is very massive,and is strengthened by several iron bands. The lantern will rise tome twelve or fifteen feet over this Tbe new aite is abont twelve 'feet higher than the old one, and is better situated for being seen from all points seaward The light will be a first- class one, and it is estimated will be seen from a distance of thirty miles. Adjoining the lighthouse three hew and comfortable cottages have been built for the keepers, who, we should imagine, will oonsider them a great improvement oh their present quarters. Tbe light in the old lighthouse will be taken to the new lighthouse at Cape Banks. Municipal A SBOCianoit.—The seoond annual report of this Association has been ieened by tbe President, Mr, E. T. Smith, M.P., Mayor of ; Adelaide. In it he states that rarely hail greater suooesj attended tbe work of a young Booiety. In view of tbe zealous and effioient aid whieb it has rendered to maniaipal progress and pros perlty, he feels that tbe legislative auooess which has attended its efforts may be taken as pnblio tributes to its efficiently In pro moting municipal life and government. From this he augurs that it has. .before it a career which may beoo'me rich in labour for promoting substantial municipal progress. He then gives some Interestiog' figures respecting municipalities, and briefly refers to several Acts passed daring tbe last session of Parliament which impose on Municipal Oouncils thednty of giving effect to tbeir provisions. He recommends to the atten tion of the Association tbe desirability of obtaining an amended Eire Brigade Act,. and laws dealing with weights and measures andths adulteration of food. Attached to the report are legal opinions on various .subjeotc whioh have been obtained by the Association. Accnmkrs.—The following persons, suffering from the effeots of aocidents, were admitted into tbe Hospital on Tuesday-Ernest Marks,, aged twenty-six, of Orafers, who was thrown from bis cert while proceeding along the Olon Osmond- road, and bid tbe left side of bis bead and left ear severely laoerated: Michael Merrily, aged fourteen, of North Adelaide, who was thrown from bis'horse and sustained some slight injuries to the left thign; and Kobert Fry, aged. twenty-seven, of Hoyietoa, who fell from bis cart, and had hii leit knee.severely wounded in - oonacqnenoe of the wheel passing over it Attekptbd Bcioidb.—The police received information on Tuesday that John ^Williams, a collector living in yrhat are known as Mao Neman's Cottages in O&rring; ton-street, had attempted to commit enieide. He was taken to the .Hospital, bat it was found on examining the bottle out of which he had drank that he. had only taken a comparatively small quantity of a common harmless scent. The man, it appears, had lately been - drinking rattier heavily. AconMMTUi Dbith.—xne may 01 • man Domed John Dingwall mi foand on the rood between Hornby Bridge end Alma on Sunday morning list and convened to the Almo Hotel. An inqneit was held on December 28 by Mr. J. Doyle, J.P. The evidence was to the effeot that deceased' Welted Hamley Bridge on Botardoy evening, riding a rather spirited yoang horse. He wet seen at Hoepneris Hotel and. advised not to ride the horse home. He, however, seemed capable of controlling the animal, %nd' started for home oh it. On Sunday morning the bone was found on the rood with the saddle on, bat one stirrup-strap broken. Search was then made, and the body found. Dr. Hsy ward.bellered that death resulted from a fell, as the deceased's nrck was broken. A verdict of " accidental death" wss returned. Deceased was esteemed ssa steady and industrious young man. He was single, and aboat twenty-four years of age. Tbe body was followed to tbe cemetery by a very large number of friends and acquaintances. Oahb of Bubstbokb.—Ob Friday forenoon' December 23, Mrs. Qeber, of Armagh, while engaged la her domeetio duties, inosutionsly went out of doors withont having her head sufficiently protected from the eon. The day being intensely hot, she received a serious 'sun stroke. She was taken to her [house in a semi conscious state. Dierxbb ix Honsn.—Several owners o( horses in this district hire been much put about of late (stye our Glare correspondent) owing to the prevalence of strangles among their stook. In some instances the disease takes the form of pleurisy, and a great deal of attention is neoes ssry in order to cheek the ailment in its early stages. Jocbsbt k Tworxsr's Exhibitions. — Mr. £. B. N. Twopeny is a passenger by the B.H.8. Burat en route for New Zealand, whither he la going to make arrangements for the opening of an Exhibition at Ohristehorch. Mr. Jaubert will leave Perth after the close of the Exhibition there, and will oome to Adelaide by the steamer Otwsy. 