FROM ALBI TO LYONS BY PEUETRE. [Prince Talleyrand, for example—the logic of Apostacy—Evolution, at Albigea—the ancestry of Communism-The 12th General Council and its " errors"—" The Humble," alias " The Poor of Lyons," alias " The Waldenses."] ALL esteemed readers have, perhaps, heard or read of the late Prince Talleyrand, one of the ablest of the politicians, and diplomatists, and statesmen who joined with and supported the 1st Napoleon. Talleyrand was one of the most acute politicians, diplomatists, and statesmen of the French Revolution. He was educated a Catholic, studied for the priesthood, and became a bishop. Adopting the opinions of Voltaire and the Encyclopedists, he cast off the episcopal habit and all profession of Christianity, joined the Revolutionay side, entered with vigour into the Bonnet Rouge arena, and lived a sensual and infidel life. He apostatised. THE LOGIC OF APOSTACY. As an argument against the Catholic faith, what is the value of an apostacy ? Nothing. A breach of any one of God's commandments is no argument against God's commandments. The commandments are good if all mankind violate them. Any law may be good, though thousands transgress against it. Apostacy from, the Catholic Church and faith is a grievous breach of the 1st Commandment. Apostacy is a mortal sin, and is not restricted to any age, or to any clime, or to any class, Anyone may apostatise ; it is all a matter of one a own free will and choice. The Catholic faith is a gift from God: an act of His sovereign grace. God offers this grace to all men. He offers it in sufficient measure to all. If they use the grace aright, God gives more grace, and still more as the previous grace is used. God lovingly urges and persuades us to accept and use His grace; but He forces it on no one; and those who have it may neglect it or despise it; if they will, they may cast it away. Judas received the grace of an apostleship, and used it as a traitor. But the traitor's abuse of the grace given him derogated nothing fron the preciousness of the gift. If a wealthy relative gives me 10,000 sovereigns, I may squander them in the most shameful profligacy if I choose. But does my profligacy lessen or destroy the sterling quality of the gold given me ? By no means; The gold is good, whatever disgraceful use I make of it. And so with the Catholic faith wben any miserable being apostatises from it. A third part of the angels apostatised in heaven. Did heaven cease to be heaven because of their revolt ? Not at all. They lost heaven, anid they themselves best know what they have got by their choice. Adam and Eve apostatised in the Garden of Eden. Did their apostacy prove anything against the bliss and beauty of their first abode ? Was it the garden's fault if Adam and Eve lost it, or was it their own wanton disbelief of God's word ? St. Paul mournfully tells us of some of his converts who had apostatised. Many apostatised from Christ him- self when " they went away" and walked no more with Him. Was it Christ's fault that they went away? They said exactly as Protestants say now of His Church, that he taught things too " hard" to be believed, and they couldn't believe them. But why couldn't they ? Because they wouldn't. They had a will of their own. That will was free. They could or they couldn't, just as they pleased. They deliberately chose to apostatise, and the guilt is with them for their false choice ? Wbat, then, does anyone's apostacy prove against the Catholic faith ? Nothing. What does Luther's apostacy prove against the Church he forsook? What does the apostacy of the Albigenses prove against the Ecumenical Synods which condemned them, these Councils being the true and perfect mind and voice of the Catholic Church ? When we read of apostate monks or priests, or even bishops, and of. multitudes led by them into that apostacy, do we lose confidence in our cause, or blame the Church for the apostates' blasphemies and crimes'? When Queen Victoria was shot at by one or. two of her own subjects, was her Majesty the British Constitution, or the law of the land, or parliament, or the nation to bear the. blame of the disloyal deed ? No; no one bears the blame but the mad or murderous assassin. Apostacy from God's Church is a most awful and deplorable offence against God; but apoptacy proves nothing against the grace of God or the fidelity of His Chuch. To feign that apostacy disentitles the Church to be called the " Ark of Salvation," is only the device of fools too far gone in folly t be accessible to reason, or too malicious and ignorant to be argued with. ALBIGEA. ' This bojvn'is generally supposed to have givefi ; name,' though notthe only localhabitatfon, to those apostates, the Albigenses. Albigea: "waaits fetooieiit^Iiatin iiame,and Albigenses' seems esaily derived from it:' JKi»4itiriiigk land of what was once -Languedoc, find 5 fa now the chief town of the French 'department-of ment of Tarn, with a population of about 20/000. For 900 years it has been a rank spot for heresy to grow in, and, on the revocation of the edict of Nantes by Louis XIV-., many of the inhabitants emigrated to ' England and some to Ireland, -where, perhaps, they degenerated into Orangemen. Albi lies about 340 or 350 mleis south from Paris,and is not without its Communist par- tialities Some historians say that some Gnostics of the Paulician school were heard of at Albi more than twelve centuries ago. Other historians say that the more infamous doctrines of the Albigensian sect were imported thither by the Buighardts from Bulgaria; and the French in Provence, Languedoc, and the South generally, spoke of them as the Bulgarians, The trade in the Mediterranean, between Alexandria, in egypt, and Damascus, and the South coast of France, and the East of Spain, afforded easy access for vagrant orientalists ofany heretical faction; and hence Albi became a point of destination for wandering teachers of Manichean doctrine. As already stated, there were several subdivisions of the Albigenses - On the Italian side of the Alps they were known as the Paterini. Along the Rhine and in Germany they were denominated Catharists. The stricter sect held the doctrine of Emanation, a sort of Evolution, as sound, no doubt, in philosophy as our own Darwinianism. Their belief in an eternal, almighty, Evil God led them to pay him divine honours, in order to avert his wrath and propitiate him by prayers and sacrifices. This was nothing else than the devil worship which was, to some extent, prevalent in the valleys of the Pyrennees, as well as of the Maritime Alps, an abomination which the Supreme Courts of Spain, spitefully called the Inquisition in later times, was engaged in rooting out. This doctrine of an evil principle, if duly analysed and traced out, might lead to the conclusion that it is the basis of certain doctrines attributed to the extreme Calvinist heretics of Geneva and Scotland, who held that God was the author of evil. Geneva is also an Alpine city, and may have had its evil commum- cation with Albi. An evil God, and a God who authorises evil, do not seem to be so very repugnant to each other. Then the Albigenses rejected Baptism, and the scotch Calvinists at one time brought baptism down to a single drop of water, dropped on the infant's face from the tip of a finger dipped in an egg or tea-cup of water. Was not one drop very near no water at all, and did not Scotch Calvinism come affinitively near Manichean Albigensianism in their doctrines of baptism ? The Albigensian belief in two gods was, of course, the negation of the one supreme deity, and their opinions on marriage and property being anti-social and destructive of civil society, brought them into collision with both Church and State; and it is worthy of notice that those towns or localities once infested with Albigensian heretics are to-day the hotbeds of French Communistic principles. I am not writing a history of the Albigenses. I am only showing why both Church and State united to exterminate them. The 3rd Lateran Council, a.d. 1179— that is, just at the time when Henry II., King of England, was attempting and pushing his subjugation of Ireland—concondemned these Albigenses; and what else but condemnation did they deserve? Practising as well as preaching the foulest vices, denying the Incarnation and Atonement, despising marriage, asserting doctrines which broke up society and reduced it to a condition of brute flocks and herds, did they merit praise or even toleration ? Certainly not. They got the option, therefore, of renouncing these revolting doctrines, or else to brave the chastisement justly due to such immoral and revolutionary tenets as theirs. The wretched man whose name was Cranmer said, in Articles XIX., XX. and XXI. of the "Religion" he enforced on the people of England by all the terrors of penal law, that General Councils had erred. Did the 3rd Lateran err when it held up to Christian execration such detestable doctrines as the " Bulgarians" put in practice ? Did the 3rd Lateran err in calling on the civil power to put an end-to such practices as Peter de Bruys so eloquently called on French and Flemish artisans -and peasants to perform, burning down the churches, plundering all who were obnoxious to them, and keeping; these kingdoms in a-state of anarchy for 20 or 30 years. The Pope had sent legates and cardinals and mission priests among those maniacs; again and again the Holy Father renewed his efforts, by means of preachers and letters, and the most earnest appeals to their feelings; but in vain. St. Dominic did his best, and recovered many from their delusions; but in vain did he strive against the tide. At last, when a legate was murdered, and the missionaries driven away, Innocent III. called on the King of France to interfere, and war was made upon the reprobates and rebels. Count Raymond, of Toulouse, who, to serve his' own ends, had enoouragedthe' Albigenses became aiarmed when the King of Rfaunce undertook a crusade against him, and he submitted, and was reconciled to the Church. But his nephew, Count Raymond Roger, who had become Albigensian, resolved to defy the combined forces, numbering -50,000 men-at-arms of the -King of France, and the feudal lords who joined him. The conduct of the war was then given to the Count' Simon de Montfort, an intrepid French warrior. Car- casonne and three other walled towns of the resisting Albigenses were taken by storm, and. a great slaughter of the inhabitants ensued. 'The power of 'the insurrectionary sect was thus broken, though, as a formidable party, and as religionists,they were not extinct for nearly 30 -years after There is no doubt but that Simon de Montfort ruth- lessly inflicted all the worst miseries of war upon the resisting Albigenses, as they would have inflicted them : -on him if they would. Meantime Pope Innocent III ; considered it advisable to' summon a General Council, which was the 4tih Lateran and 12th Eucumenical Synod Overtures had taken place with' regard to the state of the Greek- speaking portion of the Church, so long and so lamentably estranged by schism from communion with the West, and, accordingly, the Council was summoned: The Patriarchs of Constantinople for 500 years had been self- separated from fellowship with Roman Pontiff, the supreme head on earth of the Church of Christ. He received letters invitation from Innocent, which he accepted, and came. The Primate of the Maronites was also present, and the saintly founder of the Dominican order was afso there. The 4th Lateran was further made solemn by the attendance of the Patriarch of Jerusalem, by 71 archbishops, 412 bishops, and 800 mitred abbots and theologians; Several decrees were passed for the perpetuation of the peace and unity of the Catholic Church; the Armenians and others were confirmed in the use of their own ritual in their own language ; only one bishop was to be permitted to govern on6 diocese, as two bishops in the same diocese would be as two heads on one body. The Greek zealots, who wouldnotuse the altar on which a Latin priest had sacrificed until it was washed, were forbidden to manifest such a spirit of exclusiveness and want of charity. Another useful and benevolent work was the settlement of precedure among the patriarchs, and thus prevent misunderstandings for the future. To the Patriarch of Constantinople was given the first place; to Alexandria, second; to Antioch, third; and to Jerusalem, fourth. A decree was also passed enjoining Paschal Communion on all the faithful, under pain of excommunication, which proved how desirous the Church was that all her members should partake of the Bread of Life at the Christian Passover. On receiving the pallium, the Patriarchs, on promise of obedience to the Sovereign Pontiff, might have the Cross carried before them everywhere except in Rome, or at any place where the Pope or his legate and they might happen to be. This also, trivial as the concession may appear, was an arrangement whioh tended to establish order and peace. Another regulation forbade ecclesiastics to practioe surgery, lest, by misadventure, deaths might ensue, and the clerical operator be acoused of incapacity, and cause scandal or grief to the relatives of the patient. The doctrines of the Albigenses were once more discussed and again condemned. The large number of bishops and abbots in attendance imparted great weight to all its proceedings, and the return of the Greek Schism to the communion of saints afforded a deep and universal feeling of satisfaction to the whole Church. But what "error" can any critic, except a heretic protestor and a perjured apostate, point out in any of the proceedings of this 4th Lateran Synod ? It condemned Manicheeism, which St. Augustine so abhorred after he had been converted from its odious and infidel thraldom. Was it " error" to condemn what St. Augustine declared to be deadly to the soul? Was it "error" to recover the Greek or Eastern part of the Church from their sectarian state, and to heal so great a breach in brotherly love, following the injunctions of St. Paul, 1 Cor. I., III., IV., when, speaking by the Holy Ghost, he rebukes those Christians in the city of Corinth for making "divisions," and reminds them that there is to be " no Schism" in the body of believers, as it is the " body of Christ ?" Is it " error" to terminate a Schism? If so, the Epistle to the Corinthians is in error. And so.of all the other decisions of the 12th Ecumenical Council; held in the Lateran Palace, or Basilica, and attended by such a host of prelates and theologians. THE WALDENSES. But while the Church was so faithfully doing battle in defence of the Catholic faith as revealed by Almighty God, and fearlessly carrying on the war in behalf of Christian morals against the impurities of Nicolaitan Manicheeism in Languedoc and Provence, another antoganist arose, which, though less loathsome in its thoughts and manners, was equally hostile to the. unity, the tranquillity, and even the existence of tho Church. So it is: the Church must fight or die. Her Protestant and atheist enemies would soon have her life if she ceased to resist their attacks. "Think ye that I came to send (a false) peace on the earth ? I came not to send peace, but a sword." Such were the words of our Lord, the Prince of Peace, whose blessing was peace— the peace which comes by the triumph of truth over falsehood, in the individual heart first, in the congregation after. Falsehood will never let truth rest. The war between them is. for all time. .If the Church would, never celebrate a General Council, she would cease to blow the Gospel trumpet, and fail to give timely warning to her camp of the insidious foe's approach. In her Synods she sounds the alert and the alarm, and calling her Council of War to- gether, in that gallant, though perplexed, 10th General Council,' she rallied her thinned column, and bade all her faithful tremblers look up and hope and pray. Then she tore Luther's Augsburg rant to tatters, and set Her heel on Calvin's diabolical creed; and then the fight went on, and now our turn is come to bear the bjunt, and ' stand against the legions' of hell and their demented accomplices on earth. Shall we flinch, and faint and yield? I think not. ' At all events, we are in no worse plight than our brethren were when under the dark shade of Albegensian audacity and violence. Then grew up the more silent, more plausible, and therefore the more dangerous adversary, " The Humble," as they called themselves the '"Poor of Lyons,' as their popular god-parents called them, the followers of Peter Waldo, Esq., merchant, of—Leoniste, as it was anciently named—Lyons, now a focus of Red Republicanism and Communist "working men"—that is, men descended from those Manichean Albigenses, who, looking down—or up—from their present place of abode, may behold themselves resuscitated in their Brethren of the Commune. Both deny, or have denied, the existence of a God. Both scorned and repudiated the sacred bond of marriage. Both refuse, or have refused, to recognise rights of property, and declare all authority, even that of the parent over his child, to be tyranny. Such was the worse sect of the Albigenses; such the worse sect of the present French Commune. The sect , formed by Peter Waldo is sometimes oonfounded with the Albigenses. But for a long time they were very different in all respects, except one, and that one was hatred of the Catholic Church. At first they professed as the Wesleyans professed, at first starting, with regard to the Anglican Establishment, only to supplement the services of the Catholic Church; but they soon went off into schism, and then into incurable heresy. The Waldenses took their rise from an incident in the life of Peter Waldo, a rich merchant, of Lyons, who was one day conversing with some friends, about A.D. 1170, a few years before the 3rd Lateran Synod. As they were in discourse together, one of them suddenly dropped down dead. This tragic event so affected Peter Waldo that he had to retire from the world and give himself to prayer, alms deeds and fasting. He disposed of his business, counting-house, and merchandise, and began to distribute his money among " The Poor of Lyons." His liberality soon drew a large number of these poor about him. These he gradually formed into a sodality, or confraternity, who, like himself, engaged in prayer at stated hours. They quickly increased in number, and spread, through the city of Lyons. They did not reject the Sacraments at first, nor deny the Real Presence. But, by degrees, some monks under censure of the Church became connected with the society of Peter, and also some who, in all probability, had imbibed the opinions of Arnold, of Brescia, and others tinged with Albigensian notions. They assumed the name of The Humble, but were better known as The Poor of Lyons. By degrees they began to assert that they only understood the gospel, and lived in holy poverty like Christ and His Apostles. Soon they assumed a political aspect, and taught that all men were equal, a doctrine so prominent in the French Revolution of A.D. 1789, whioh broke out 500 years afterwards. Next they laid down as a principle that no one had a right to claim obedience from another, thus destroying all order in Church and State. They went on to teach that marriage was no sacrament, though they did not, like the Albigenses, deny its propriety. Singing psalms in church they declared to be a devilish uproar, and that every good layman was a true priest. Like the meek Henri and Peter, they, ere long, began to teach that the use of property had corrupted and destroyed the Church, and that, as a visible body, it had disappeared from the earth, and they alone understood the mysteries of the invisible State. Finally, they took " the Bible" as their sole rule of faith, and, by consequence, are often held by our Protestants of the present age to be very dear brethren in Christ. The Waldenses, or sect of Peter Waldo or Waldis, wore a coarse dress, with wooden shoes, and they became so numerous and so ostentatiously " humble," that they drew upon themselves the censures of the Church, and were formally condemned as heretical in the General Council of 1215, along with the older and grosser sect of the Albigenses. In regard to property, both would seem to have agreed in the doctrine of Arnald, of Brescia, that the clergy should possess no property, as it was only the right of the laity to do so. June 7, 1881. 