SPORTING NOTES FROM VIC TORIA. [By our Special Reporter.] Melbourne, Tuesday. The Melbourne Hunt 01 ub presented a pro gramme on Saturday laet at Flemingtan whioh aboald have attracted a very large attendance of tboae fond of the national pastime, bat un fortanately for the Olob, which regards this meet ing ae one of its principal sources of revenue, it looked bo much like being a wet and dis agreeable afternoon that some hundreds of in tending visitors decided at the last minute not to patronize the meeting, and thus the com mittee of the M.H.O. did not benefit so much by the meeting as they might have done under more favourable bircumatances. At times it appeared as if a much-needed change in the weather would ocour, but it remained fine throughout the afternoon, much to the cbsgrin and regret of those who are well aware of the fact that the continuanoe of the present unseasonable fine weather simply means ruina tion to the squatting and farming interest of the colony. Backers of horses looked upon the Hurdle Race as a foregone conclusion, and backed Rbeans (10 at. 9 lb.) very heavily, but the " doctor's horse" had evidently passed a bad night, and be was never dangerous at any time, the race being won very easily by Blaok Prince, 9 at. 7 lb., Don Pedro, 9 st. 9 lb., second, and the favourite third. A real good thing oame off in the Corinthian Flat Race, as Pirate, the first of the Horatios that has ever run in this colony, fairly walked in; and as a number of heavy backers were in the seoret "the books" polled very long faces when the race was over. The Hunt Olcb Cap Steeplechase proved a bit of a fiasoo, as Nimboofc, 11 st. 10 lb., Syphon, 12 st. 7 lb., and Saxon, 12 st. 41b., who finished as named, missed the last fenoe, and the Stewards declared the race noil and void, and ordered it to be ran over again after the last event on the programme. In the first race the favoerite was Syphon at 6 to 4 against him, and in the second Xiimbook had the eall, bat he was nnexpeotedly beaten by the ontsider Yoong Deceiver, about whom almost any odds oould have been obtained. It is needless to say that there was a bit of a rnmpnss after the " first race" about how the bets should go, bat as the committee of our betting olab, the Victorian, happened to be on the ground, they held a meet ing and decided that all bets should follow the ordinary rales of betting, i.e., that the wagers made on the "no go" should stand on the second, and that backers would have a start for their money. Bacchus and Saxon were the only two that withdrew, but as Nlmbook and Syphon were the horses that were backed for money, the decision of the oommittee did not give satisfac tion to the bookmakers, as some of■ them laboured under the impression that none of the others would oppose the two favourites. Fortu nately this did not prove to be the case, but had those two been the only ones that went to the post the second time, the Children of Israel would not have heaped blessings upon the heads of the committee. As it was, a leading member of th9 fraternity conducted himself in a dis graceful manner in the evening at the Victorian Olab,and it is not at all unlikely that bis conduct will be brought under the notloe of tbe management. I think in my previous communication I mentioned the fact that The Ghost had run a mile on the Flemington train ing ground in 1 min. 47 sec., and this having been whispered about, he started an immense favourite for the Handicap Flat Bace at 5 to 2, Chatterer, who was mud fat, coming next, while Josephine, who had shown her friends "something" on the training fironnd, had many friends. When the weights grst appeared Napper Tandy was spotted as a "good thing," but he cut np so wretohedly in a trial that the stable did not back 1dm for sixpence, and of course he won in the com monest of common canters. The Ghost, who threw it up when pushed, ran into second place, and Cantata just beat Josephine for the other " billet," but nothing pleased me so much as the manner in which Chatterer performed. This horse had only had one good gallop previous to the race, and was with the leaders at the turn, and his rider (Murphy! feels confident that with a little more condition he oould hardly have lost the race. Intrepid, as big as a bullock, was served np very warm for tbe Steeplechase, bat the old horse for once fell, and the clever Ballarat division landed a very good stake by Euchre, who, by-the-way, to a foil brother to Lampeter, and jumps like a deer. Of eighteen two-year olds that went to the post for the Flying Stakes, Tangle, by Hawthornden from Snnshine, was undoubtedly the fittest, and as she had per formed a great trial a few days before she was heavily supported, as likewise was Prince Oeorge, who. it will be remembered, has been backed by the stable for the Maribyrnoug Plate. Pnblio opinion was borne ont to the very letter, as Prince Oeorge just beat the filly by a head, and as he was big and above himself he most heat her very easily wben next they meet. Op to the present I have seen no two-year-old that takes my fanoy so mnob as Prince Oeorge, and as he will be at lease 14 lb. a better oolt by the Maribyrnong Plate day, he will be terribly hard to beat for that event. The Sydney horses are expected to arrive here by special train at the end of the week. Mr. J. O. Ioglis pnrchased Pirate immediately after be won tbe Corinthian Flat Kaae on Saturday last from Mr. J. Harper for the sum of £350. 