-“-HOLY BIBLE.” 11 Blessed are those that die in the Faith.” What mockery do wo see in all this towards her whose young life went out with a weird-like wail for the lost love of him who had promised to love, cherish, protect, and nurse. She died for want of that love, yet in ker last moments she received the sym pathy of even fallen sister) at the sight of one so young, so fair, so deceived, dying a lingering death among strangers, at least ten thousand miles away .from her home in the land of sunshine. Wlai pen cun portray the agonies, the pent-u p sufferings of this young, beautiful, and pure-hearted woman and mother,' with heartbreaking sufferings, and the thought of leaving the' only tie, in the form of a dear bright daughter pi ten years, among and in the care of A LUSTFUL CnURCH, perhaps in her turn to'be .a victim of!a lust fill priesthood, Let our readers imagine the last passionate;embrace, the falling tears, the parting blessing anil the wish that she could take her along from the sorrows of this life, ;truly a baptism of sorrow;which that child then'received, and will never forget. What must be the feelings of this BRUTE IX HUMAN SHAPE, what must his feelings be when he considers and recalls these scenes—when the glamour has passed away and he reflects, ns reflect he must, for not ail the waters of the fabled Lethe can drown the memories of that time when he first met this martyr, when she was just budding into womanhood, of those scenes of promised constancy uttered by him ; how he wooed and wedded ; sketched out bright dreams of love and happiness in ttie future, alas? which were never realised. How she became a crown of glory unto her husband ; howy through vicissitudes and privations, she fol lowed his fortunes and bore his crimes ? how she placed the first tribute of their affection in his arms when she made him father, how she taught its little hands and prattling lips to pray for blessings on his now miscreant head ; how he received her letters written in faith and love ; how siic clasped him on hoi' arrival in ttiis, to her, the Valley of Death, and after this to think, for what has HE MURDERED HER; for what did he throw her embraces or love to the winds, lose the respect of all moral men, blight the prospects of his child, and brand himself a felon ? The harlot’s em brace, a atrumpet’s caresses, a wanton’s kiss, a future cell in prison, where he may ponder like is dose rived in Dante’s “ Xuferno,” truly ho may say without hope, for like Banquo’s | ghost, thoughts will not down, but be ever i present to rack the brain of him who has ! sinned so greatly. In his thoughts he may remember that “she, my wife, hungered for love, and I gave her a casket and a grave among strangers and in a strange land ; ” that the pangs of Tanlulus were nothing compared to those of that wife as she saw the stream of her husband's affections dashed past her without being able to partake of them. And to her be it said, “ Truly God is love when He gives His beloved sleep.” Oh, how long, how long, will the blood of our martyred sisters cry to heaven for justice in this land of Utah, which has so long been given up to the curse of polygamy and all the crimes of a lustful priestcraft, and be come the great care of Adulum, where all the vicious "of earth can fiud succour and accomplices in their crimes? But THE SADDEST FEATURE of all this sorrowful story is that such crimes as those of Greig arc not only permitted to be enacted, bnt that 'we have here a Church which is the ruling power of Utah, and even controls National legislation, which has polygamy for its most prominent cornerstone and practices the disgusting crime in the name of Christ. Jt is for the perpetuation of just such crimes and for the protection of such criminals as Greig, that George Q. Cannon is sent to Congress, backed up by the wealth of the tithing funds, wrenched from the votaries of the church. The civilised world stands aghast at such sights in the Nineteenth Century, in progressive and Christian America, while our Govern ment supinely looks on inactively, permitt ing just such crimes and murders to go on and on, and the criminal actors, instead of having a just punishment meted out to them, are oftener exalted to a place of trust and honor, at the hands of the Church which per mits and perpetuates these crimes among its members. But our Mormon neighbours may say that Greig’s actions were not sanctioned by the Church? Why, then, W’as he permitted to hold the highest position next to manager in that concern known as Zion’s Co-operative Mercantile Institution, which could not liv6 in this day and generation, were it not backed up by the Church ? Why was he called before the high council of this stake of Zion that the scandalof his acts might be allayed in this community? And it is equally pertinent to ask why Greig went before that high council, and made a clean breast of the fact that he had lived with this woman of the town, and by whAi he would soon become a father. If tjie Church did not sanction his acts in a degree, why did that high council order that he should support that woman for one year, and to put a stop to the stench his acts had raised, which brought odium upon the institution doing business under the cabalistic sign of “ Holi ness to the Lord,” encircling the AU-seing eye, order that he should eease living with her? - -■ • - • Again, in the same Junction in which we find the death notice, we. find this local effusion : DIED OF PERITONITIS. By reference to . our death notices our readers will team of the demise of Mrs Margaret M. Greig, wife of Mr A. M. Greig, of this city. The deceased indy had been afilictcd with, a severe ease of poritonitis for years, while living in England, and about ten days ngo; she was taken seriously ill, succumbing to the incurable malady last night.' The sorrowing husband and child have tho sincere condolence of their numerous friends, and will find comfort for their sad bereavement from Him whose halm healeth all wounds ;herc. below with the joyful assurance of a glad meeting beyond.’ No words of sorrow for the one now beyond earth’s sorrows, but promises “of a ,glad meeting beyond ” between her who died a victim of a broken heart, and hint who caused that death. The future is too sad, too unnatural for poor humanity to accept, only through that repentance and mercy from heaven. But the last sad rites have been performed, —it jnay be, much in mockery—the grave has its own, and the now saintly woman will soon be forgotten. UNDER ARREST. , But no 1 justice is about to assert her sway and light is breaking in on these dark scenes. Justice long delayed will we hope, mete out her merited punishment. Greig. is now under arrest for, his crime of polygamy and will have liis hearing befor U. S. Commis sioner Spragne to-morrow in Salt Lake City. The inquiry may be made, why this arrest so soon after the funeral, and in justice to Oscar Yan Jlereoah, who made the arrest, , the statement’is due that the warrant was issued two weeks ago and the arrest was not made sooner, because of the condition of Mrs Greig, whom it was wished, to,spare any unnecessary pain. Now that she has played her part in this sad drama of life, 11 was feared the brutcy who has caused such sorrow might get away from his:just punishment; and lienee no time was lost. 