INDIAN JUGGLERY. Wiom the Nob York Ximet.'] People have often asked why some en terprimug theatrical manager does not bring one of the wonderful jugglers of India to Europe or to this country. 'We have ttad J apaneee jugglers who proved to be muck in ferior to such occidental wizards as Houdin and Herrmann, and we are soon to witness Kautch dances by genuine Nautcli girls, but no East India juggler has ever left his satire coimtry. Everybody has heaTd of the amazing miracles performed almost ^Qilv in Trivia Tlia efnriAfl nf tllA lll^Tirler ?who throws a ball of cord into the air, 'where it remains long enough for him to climb up by it until he disappears from sight ; or of the juggler -who carves a boy as he might carve a chicken, and then recon structs the boy out of aheap of disjointed limbs and miscellaneous organs, are familiar to us alL Hey are often quoted by spiritua lists as proof that miracles even more asto nishing than the composition of bad poetry by the spirit of John Milton are actually worked by the ' occultists' of the Orient, and are often retold in the newspapers as haying been vouched for by that rather vague person, ' a recent traveller.' Were one t)f these incomparable Eastern jugglers to be brought to Europe by a theatrical manager, the latter would make a certain and enormous fortune within a very short time. And yet the very men who import cheap Japanese jugglers, or the more in teresting Nautch girls, never make the slightest effort to secure a real miraele ?woiking faMr. Tt'« is certainly very strange, and, in fact, quite unaccountable, except npon a hypothesis which is as rude as it is unwarranted. The mention of East Indian jugglers and their feats must at this particular period remind every one who knows the facts of the recent marvellous disappearance of a small boy in Blackboro, Mass. -At the request of those .most nearly interested, the affair has thus far been quietly ignored by the press ; but it is now understood that there is no need of any further mystery in the matter. The facts, according to Mr. Ebenezer Lathrop, a leading citizen and undertaker of Blackboro, are briefly as follow, and will be found intensely interesting: — Mr. Lathron is not a spiritualist, but until lately he has taken a good deal of interest in spiritalism, and has sometimes expressed the belief that there may be ' something or other' in it. Three weeks ago there came to Blackboro a professional medium, Mr. G. T. Homer, who alleged that he was travelling for pleasure, but ?who, at the request of a local believer in spirits, consented to hold a stance at the house of Mr. I&throp;, whose professional acquaitance with departed Blackboro citi zens might reasonably be supposed to render them willing to meet a respectable medium under his roof. The seance was appointed to be held on the night of the 8th of De cember, and seven living spiritualists agreed to be present. It was the misfortune of Mr. Lathrop to have a peculiarly objectionable boy — Master Thomas Wallis Lathrop, named after bis maternal grandfather, aged 11 years on tlie 27th of last November. Thomas, or Tom, as he was popularly called, was a particu larly bad boy. Much familiarity with coffins and funerals had, perhaps, its share in rendering him callous and indifferent to serious things; but it is very certain that he feared nobody and cared for nothing. He made his estimable father's life a burden to him, and it was the general opinion of the village that Tom's private funeral would be a most desirable under taking event. The stance was held at the time and place appointed, and was in many respects a creditable affair. Communications from a number of prominent ghosts were re ceived, and the spirits of two persons whom Mr. Lathrop had buried, Beacon Smedley and Prince (colored) were fully ma terialised, and were recognised by every one present. It vras ia connection with, the appearance of the colored ghost that Tom Lathrop made known his hitherto un suspected presence in the room by a war whoop and a large apple, the latter being thrown at the ghost with such excellent aim as to hit him on the nose and elicit from him the brief and pointed remark, «' Golly 1' The indignation of the assembled spiri tualists -was naturally great, and Mr. Lathrop, who promptly captured his grace less eon, was about to lead him away fur punishment, when the medium said, ' Bring him to me ; I will deal with him.' Tom was accordingly given to the medium, who 'was an athletic msm, and who, seating himself on a chair in the full view of the audience, placed the boy across his knee and prepared to operate on him with the palm of his hand. Jar. Homer struck only one blow, for the instant his avenging hand descended there was a brilliant flash of light, aloud report, and Master Tom dis appeared instantly and utterly. The doors and windows were closed, and even if they had not been it is certain that the boy could not have left the medium's lap and escaped from the room unseen. From that moment until the present time not the slightest trace of Master Thomas Wallis Lathrop has been seen. The medium's explanation was a simple one. ' He said that by his occult power he had decomposed the boy into his original gases, and that these had united with the gases of the atmosphere. The people of Blackboro, with but one exception, agreed that this was the first evidence of any good in spiritualism that they had yet seen, and there was talk of inviting Mr. Homer to take charge of the district school. To the astonishment of everybody, Mr. Lathrop seemed dissatisfied, and he has served a formal demand on the medium to recon struct his boy within ten days or to pay his value, to be decided by three arbitrators or 'a majority of them. Now, this is a story which is as wonder ful as anything that has ever been told of the East Indian jugglers. It is unques tionably as authentic as any story told by 'a recent traveller,' and is far more cir cumstantial in its details than the best efforts of that eminent authority. It will be unhesitatingly believed by all the be lievers in Indian jugglery, and ought to be of immense service 'to spiritualism. In short, there is not a word of truth in it, which is precisely the most important characteristic of the tales of East Indian jugglers, and perhaps accounts for the fact that so one has thought it worth while to hire one of them to exhibit his. childish tricks before an intelligent audience. 