SNAKE rOHAEMING IN BABGJDAT The following' story of snake charming has been sent to the Pall Mall O.azettt by a oorre sdtndent who . is making a sk'otohing (our through somo:of tho States of North-wost India : — ' -' ' ; . One morning I was strolling with a friond in the veranda, when wo saw a strange figure coming along the drivo— a tallish man, in a scarlet turban, only, unlike the nsual solid turban, it was wound in serpentwiso about his head; a kind of looBe, flume-coloured shirt; a loin cloth, and the ordinary peaked shoo of the Easterns. Aoross his shoulders he carriod a stout bamboo pole betweon five and six feet long, at eithor end of which hung two bags of coarse woven cloth, coloured a lees vivid flame colour. As ho came up to ub we Baw ho had long black hair, twisted up liko a woman' n, and secured at the left side by a heavy silver comb, whose hack was chased in Btraugo patterns ^nd shaped like a curve in a enake'ri body. In bis ears were delioate earrings of silver, silver rings set with email green and rod and white stones in flower likoshapes; on his forehead waa the red mark of the Hindoo ; across the bridge of the nose, between the eyes, thoro wnsa blaok and scarlet lino drawn that looked liko a fin,; silk riband, and a similar riband ran from thu outer corner of each eye, to the temple. His fape gave you the impression of his having been alivo since the Flood ; his eyen looked us if they could not shut ; yot he had not a wriak'.e, and was evidently young. Hie hands wore beautifully shaped, with delicate nails; his feet were strong and shapely too. My friend said, 'This man will ehow you some fun for a fow coppers.' So he wan had up on to the veranda, and the play began. He opened his bags, sat down on his haunches and prooeeded to unpack. The bags contained each a large wicker, or rather bamboo, lath basket, and nondescript bundles of cany-coloured oloth The latter contained a tin box full ot livo and lively scorpiouB ; some necklaces of strange grey and re ! stono ; pieoos of wood suppo-ud to bo euros for scorpion bites ; round black Bubutancen like shining buttons — these are snake stone, and if laid on a cobra bite are supposed to euro it._ The baskets contained also a large cobrn apiece. He took out the two cobras and laid them on the stone floor of the veranda. I am not quite sure if he showed ua two or one at firet, for he haB been here many times eii.ee. At any rate, he took a cobra out, let it squirm about on tho floor ; then he produced from his bag a weird pipe, made of a gourd, and shaped something like a bagpipe. Tho lower part, below the belly, is pierced with holes, on which the fingers play. With this pipe he began the most goblin rant that ever was heard ; the cobra ceased writhing about, and gradually raised itself on itB coils, swelled out its hood, and slowly waved its awful head to and fro in front of the rousio, as if it saw the music. Suddenly the mnsic made a wild, leaping yell and ' was not ;' the cobra's head sank down and his hood shrank into nothing. The demon snake man thon remarked, point ing to a big boy, a servant of my friend, ' i will bring a cobra out of that boy's cap.' The hoy had on a close-fitting, pork-pie cap, his heud whs shaved, and the rest of his clothing con sisted of a shirt. The man then took hie pipe and btgan to walk round the boy ; then on a sudden the air was rent by a melody such as might soothe the d'imned; it whirled round the boy like a visible thing, but the boy stood firm (not on the burning dt ck). Suddenly, again, thu music stopped, and the man began to tuku off hiB drapery. He appeared for a moment aunaturel, and there wasn't the ghost of a snake about him. He took out all hiB clothes— no snake. He wrapped his loin cloth round him, and b»gan again bis devil's dance and his soul killing pipe. Not once from first to last did he approach his baskets or the cobra which lay sleeping in the sun. He came up to where I sat, and took a small paint rag of mine ; he pnt it on the boy's head, and tken shook it out, and gave it baok to me. (I told you the boy's cap fitted tight to Mb head, and his head was shaved.) On went the whirl and yell, and, us before, stopped Buddenly with a heaven ascending shriek. He stepped up to the boy, and with his naked bund plucked out — where from ? — a great cobra, which he flung straight at me. The brute struck me on the shoulder, and went shuddering down my L-g, where it subsided on the ground, hiss ing heavily. I Bat still nnd langhed. He laid the new cobra by the old one, put both in thu basket, opened up all his olothe and baskets und things — there were two cobras now, and no more. Then he took my paint rag, laid it down against a pillar of the vemuda, ai.d went, through the same music When the music was exhausted, ' he walked to the rag, and plucked out a third cobra, which also greeted mi; in frit-ndly- wise. There were ? three now, wu saw them all; but my friend paid, 'Thin won't do : he'll fill the nlace with snakes.' 