AUSTRALIAN AFORIGINS. LANGUAGES AND CUSTOMS OF SEVERAL TRIBES OF ABORIGINES IN THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF VICTORIA, AUSTRALIA. BY JAMES DAWSON. A very haodame quarto volume of up ward, of • hundred pages, on thick hot pressed paper, and neatly bound, ha* jut keen ianed under the alwve title, by George Boberteoa, publisher, Melbourne, Sydney and AdeWde. In the production of thia work, Mr. Dawson, so welt known in this district, baa been Muted by hia daughter Mn.Taylur, of Benny Hill, near Camper down, and it ia a deeply interacting oae. ThisU iU fable cf conteots: "Tribee, popu lation, chief*, property, clothing, habita tions, deanlinefe, dumettie furniture, cook iog and food, tool*, law. of marriage, chil dren, name* of persona, rapentitions and diseases, death and burial, avenging of death, great meetings, aaraaoneata, weapons, aoimals, meteorology, astronomy, 4c." ITnder each and all of tfaew head* i. an abundance of eztractaUe matter, of which ?• ahooJd be glad to avail oanelves, ware >">r •?•" not so ezceadiagly limited, bat, asH ia, W9 aast refer oar naiers to the book itsalf tar the infarmaUo. it coataiaa, ?d k? eoitom* will. • pMt.ld-cri?tig.-ol }£f ' Ihtctgbcut tbe Vohmie, Mr. Dnrra, amuMbj faia daughter, Mrs. Taylor, showa kia tboroagh mastery of the .object oa which he undertakes to writ*, and be ad beres strictly to the inlebe lays down for himself in the following word*; in his (re tface: —" In recordiagmy admiration of the genera] chancier of the aborigine*, no at tempt is made to palliate what, may appear o na to be objectiouable customs cenmon to savages in nearly every part of the globe, but it nay be truly laid of thtm,' that, with the exception of the low estimatethey natu rally place on life, their moral character and modesty—all thing* considered—compare favorably with the most highly, cultivated communities of Europe." This statement, hn frankly admits, may stagger'such per sons aa only see the miserable remnant of them now hanging about "the white man's grog-shop," and yet very little doubt will be entertained of ha accurrcy by those; who follow Mr. Dawson in his descriptions of the aborigines before they were brought into contact with white men who made it their business to corrupt and debase them. ■ One of the most interesting chapters -in Mr. Dawson'a book is that relating the laws of marriage among the aborigines, bat the matter is packed to close, and the subject is discussed so much at length, that we find little in it that we can reproduce. Here Ja one paauge, however:—"A common'man may not have more than one wife at a time. But chief a may have aa many wives as; they choose. The sons of chiefs may marry two wives. Chiefs, and their suns and daughters, are married only into the families of i other chief*. If a chief persists in manning a common, his children by that marriage, are not disinherited, but such marrisjjfcs'. an highly duapptoved of. The nitivreisay that if chiefs were allowed to tu?iry: com mons, it would lead to endless quarrels-and jealousies. When a married man diel; his brother is bound to marry the widow, r if she has a family, aa it| is his dnty to.protect her." The geueral opinion is, that tliejabo rigiou have no idea of a supreme ..being. ifut Mr.'.Dawson, tells'us quite a different story. "It hiw been ascertained," he.'says, "that they believe in iiupernatnral bcragst— celestial, infernal, and terrestrial. The'good spirit, Krnuiaheeal, is a gigantic msn^being above the clouds, and, aa he is of a ItindJy disposition, and harms no one, he is: seldom, mentioned, but always wilh respect.".. J! Tn? bad spirit, Muurunp, is alwaya spoken of with fear, and bated breath, as the., author of every misfortune." ■' The natives are' not much afraid of Aluurunp in the day-light but have a great diead of him in the dark." '* The Muuruup lives deep under the ground, aud has under bis command a uu'mber •of evil spirits, ?ho are permitted to visit-.the surface of the earth occasionally." There are also terrestrial spirits—devils, wraiths, ghosts, and witched, the ditiereiice between them beiug aumewhat indeniiite. But we ennoot pursue tuis matter further. What Mr. I'awaou has to tay on it must be read to be appreciated. So, in fact, we may say of most of what appears in this took, 'lbs information contaiued in it has been the work ot years, and it will long form an iu terettiug subject of study to ethnologists in all countries. Yet it is written in such a style a? to be specially attractive to all, and would, had it been published in a chtaper form, have bad, no denbt, a very wide cir culation. .Even aa it is, it -wul be much looked after, and will, wherever it is read, teud to correct many of the absurd notions too generally entertained of the natives in this part of the colony. Aa a recognition of the position once held in the colony by'at expiring race, if not aa a tribute to their memory, Mr. isawson'a book will ever.;b* turaetl to for infuimation with the greatest satisfaction and pleasure. 