Sundays in London. VIII.— THE IRVINGITES. The singular body commonly called Irvingites ob ject, I am told, to this name. Indeed, I subjected myself to a grave rebuke from an elderly gentleman of ?whom, at the porchway of the edifice in Gordon square, off the Euston-road, I innocently inquired, ' Is this the Irvingite Church ?' He cast upon me the silent reproof of a sorrowful glance, as he replied, ' Sir, this is the catholic and apostolic church.' As a matter of fact it came to the same thing, and since you cannot very conveniently refer to the worshippers at this place as ' the catholic and apostolic churchites,' I will ask permission to continue the use of the term by 'which they have been always known. And the worthy Irvingites gave me a good deal of trouble. My own ignorance was the primary cause, and, in addition, came the ignorance of many friends and acquaintances from whom I sought knowledge to guide my footsteps in gaining materials for this particulat Sunday in London, They had all heard somebody say that somebody had told some body something about the Irvingites, but as to what they were and how to get at them they knew nothing whatsoever. But the church looked like a public in stitution, and to it I decided to go for the evening service. There were vessels of holy water at the en trance, and the way led through a dark but beautifully arched and pillared cloister, the atmosphere of which was heavy with incense, which I afterwards found had 'been lingering i&out; the building since the morning ser vice. The church was dimly lighted, and the tall fluted columns, and fine groined roof were doubly imposing darkened by the shadows. The chancel, evidently wide and deep, was altogether in gloom. There were perhaps 50 individuals scattered about the wilderness of solid oak benches. It may readily be imagined that the deserted aspect of an edifice so architecturally rich struck one with that unpleasant BenEe of chill, which so often resists all efforts to Bhake it off. The gas, London-like, was execrable, and for some good reason, no doubt, several of the burners had not been lighted. Byand bye two gentlemen in white surplices, with broad crimson sashes across the shoulder, walked out of the shadowy vestibule into the nave. 6ne of them, a good looking young man, of placid mien and military ^moustache, ascended the marble pulpit, and his com panion filed off into an enclosure on the floor. The occupant of the pulpit began the service by reading one or two prayers, similar to those in the Church of England Common Prayer. He read an epistle and gospel, and a couple of hymns were sung. The minister did his work without afiy pretence of intonation, and with a deliberate manner and speech not without effect. In a little while I had arrived at 'the correct conclusion that the evening service was not held in high esteem by the body, and that it was intended merely to afford an opportunity for a sermon. In this respect I was undergoing an experience similar to that I described in my visit to Ritualistic St Alban's. During the following week I purchased ' The Liturgy and other Divine offices of the Church,' in the hope of learning somewhat of the prayers. The said liturgy is, however, one of the most involved treatises of the kind extant, and I can easily understand a statement I ?once read that the ministers themselves are sometimes lost in its labyrinths. All I can say, therefore, of this -evening service is that it was very correct and undoc trinal, and (hat the prayers, hymns, and exhortations were such as might be used, without offence, in any Protestant denomination. The chief point of interest to me was the sermon. I had not forgotten that the Irvingites claim the gift of prophecy, and that their apogtles, prophets, and angels were supposed to have received special gifts through the laying on of hands by which they are admitted to the holy priesthood. The laying on of hands by an apoBtle who exercises high spiritual powers is, accord ing to the teaching of the church, an anointing with the Holy Ghost, and a ' sealings ' in the spirit of the reference to the hundred and forty-four thousand in the Revelation. Eagerly I hoped that the good-looking young minister would enlighten us upon some of these mysterious articles of faith. But he did not. He chose as his text a verse referring to harvest, and proceeded to deliver a common place disquisition upon the value of a good harvest, and the disastrous rains over which the English farmers were at that time distressing themselves. The oddest theory he propounded was that fowls are continually employed in the Scrip tures as typical of evil 'spirits. Why was he so hard upon the humble rooster ? This he did not make clear, and of the three examples he gave one was, if not a positive distortion of Holy Writ, certainly inapposite. But the fowls seemed to be a passing temptation not to be resisted, and not a bona fide portion of the sermon. The preacher hit out very straight at the Church of Rome, and all other churches which by elaborate ceremonial put the ' Lamb of God ' into the background. It was in this way, borrowed no doubt from the Liturgy, that he always referred to the Saviour of men, and it must be understood that the Divinity of Jesus is one of the points upon which the IrvingiteB are strongly orthodox. The service did not last quite an hour, and it was throughout, to me at any rate, very cold and formal. On leaving the church I read an announcement that the Holy Eucharist would be celebrated next morning at 11 o'clock. This servise was held in an exquisite little chapel, and though, here again, I failed in attending a full ceremonial, there was more life and light than on the previous evening. The congregation numbered 18 ; the celebrants two-and- thirty. By this time I had gathered a little information, and it saved me from bewilderment. Sitting each in a speoial niche, and separated from their fellows by elegant little pillars of polished granite, were thirteen fine- looking men wearing a black robe which touched the ground, a half-length white surplice richly fringed with honiton lace, and over all a small violet tippet. These men were ' angels ' representing the seven churches of London. The other celebrants wore white half-length Burplices without embroidery, and black tippets, and they were priests. The officiat ing minister, the angel of the Gordon-square Church, was vested in gorgeous garments of satin and gold, and he knelt at the altar with his back to the con gregation, and rapidly intoned the service, which is a form of liturgy embodying, I am told, features from the Romish, Greek, and English Churches. The litany seemed to be copied from the Common Praj er, but there was an added invocation for ' apostles, prophets, evangelists, pastors, and teachers.' The wine and bread were blessed by the priest, and the angels, advancing, knelt in line to receive the emblems from the officiating priest and his equally gorgeous assistant. When the angels retired, the black-tippeted priests took their place, and after them came the handful of women and men com posing the congregation. They returned from com municating with arms folded and eyes downcast. It was, in truth, a solemn and earnest service, and the utterance of the responses by so many men speaking as with one sonorous voice was grand in effect. On the following Sunday morning an opportunity came of witnessing a full celebration. The Irvingites hold, amongst other beliefs, that it is their duty to spend the first and last hours of the day in prayer, and they regulate their services to fit in with it. The main service began at 10 o'clock, and there was, between 11 and half-past 12 o'clock, a grand cele bration of the Holy Eucharist with the accompaniment of splendid singing, a profusion of incense, altar lights, and a crowd of surpliced angels, priests, and deacons. The ceremony was highly imposing and the reverence dis played by the ministers was very striking. The apostle, I may mention, only appears on rare occasions. He lays hands upon adults, ordains priests, consecrates angels, and presides at the council meetings of the seven churches in Gordon-Bquare, which is the cathedral of the sect. Now he is clothed in purple, now in white and gold, and, save that he wears neither hat nor mitre, rivals in display a cardinal or archbishop of the Church of Rome. The apostle stands supreme. The angel is highest in his own church ; but there are several degrees — angels of prophetic order, angelevan gelists, and angel-pastors. Besides these there are elders, prophets, evangelists, and paBtors. According to the catechism, ' the church is the con gregation of all who believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and are baptized according to His commandment. It is the Household of God, the Body of Christ, the Temple of the Holy Ghost.' The same authority teaches that the highest order is that of the apostle, signifying ' sent forth ; ' that after it come the orders of angel or bishop, presbyter or priest, and deacon. The: Irvingite congregations are always small, unless increased by strangers, and they are a close com munity, catholic enough in theory towards other churches, but in practice holding aloof from them They never seek to proselyte. The fewness of the mem bers may partly be accounted for by the subjection in which they are kept by the higher orders, and partly by the rigorous application of the tithe system. In the church and chapel, at each entrance, there stood in the middle of the aisle a box with two divi sions, one inscribed ' tithes,' the other ' subscrip tions.' It seems that every member is expected; as part of his religion, to give a tenth of his income to the Lord — that is to say to the church. The Catholio and Apostolic Church is evidently not for the poor, and it is not surprising that it is rich, and composed of rich men. The angels and priests who made bo brave a show at the Sunday morning celebration were, nine-tenths of them, mer chants and men in good social position, giving their voluntary services to the body. There are elements of disunion in the church arising from uncertainty as to the future. Some of your readers may remem ber that Edward Irving was expelled from the Scotch Church in Regent-square charged with denying the divinity of Christ. In this connection ' Irvingite ' is certainly a strongly inappro priate term for a church which has always been orthodox upon this particular point. Irving set up a church of his own, wandered away into mystie regions of thought, set up as a prophet, and gathered together kindred spirits, who after wards became the first Catholic Apostolic Chuch. It is difficult to procure definite information upon these matters, or to hear anything tangible of the gifts of prophecy. The history of the movement dates from about 1830, and the first apostle was called in 1832. During the next three years the nomination of the twelve was complete, but one refused the call, and the eleven met and elected a suc cessor. The lands of Christendom were divided into 12 tribes, and to each an apostle was allotted. One apostle only is left, and according to their own teaching others cannot be elected. Without an apostle what becomes of the church ? This is a question in which may be involved its existence, but there is no satisfactory answer. I have never heard of any good public work done by the Irvingites, nor of contributions either of learning, labour, or money to the movements in which other churches love to be engaged. What is done in their councils is not known, for every member is pledged to secrecy, and the churches are said to be ruled with a firm and even arbi trary hand, which seceding members have denounced and exposed. 