? THEATRE ROYAL. ••EUBEKA." The above play proved intensely interesting to a very large audience on Saturday night, and must be reckoned a genuine success. It was carefully placed on the stage, the new scenery used 'in Act 1, depicturing the exterior of the Eureka Hotel, being, though rather hard in tone, well calculated to give spectators a capital idea of the wild, mountainous country In which the various inoidents are supposed to occur. The performance occupied too much time, but we suppose this fault may merely be the adjunct of a first night.. The disgraceful stampede from the gallery, which spoils the finish of nearly every drama presented at our Theatre, is aggravated by a rush for Port and Glenelg trains from other parts of the house whenever any representation is unusually prolonged. It is managerial wisdom, then, to avoid the hazard of such irritating interruptions. No doubt it will be said that Mr. Williamson's Franz Weber resembles his John Stofel. We venture to assert that the resemblance is more apparent than real—superficial only, and not fundamental. Mr. Marsden, probably, finding that Mr. Williamson's Dutchman was a vivid and natural creation, wished to provide him with other opportunities in the same direction. To some extent the lines may run parallel— notably in the first home scene, and, to a greater degree, where the hero appears as a tramp. Thereabouts we cannot help thinking of the hearty old lazy, cobbler and the crazy wanderer coming into Oilsburg. Bnt John Stofel and Franz Weber are widely different personages, with divergent aims, with totally distinct idiosyncracies, and, after all, possessing but one feature in common—they speak the same Pennsylvanian Dutch dialect. That Mr. Williamson succeeds in differentiating the characters is evident, and, we believe, the indicated points of resemblance are oversights in construction for which the actor cannot fairly be held responsible. Whether the wronged husband in " Eureka" gains as a dramatic creation by being invested with this Dutch dialect is open to question. The part is oae requiring the expression of much earnestness, passion, and pathos, and surely rendered doubly difficult of realization when this earnestness, this passion and pathos must be conveyed in broken English, verging more often than not on the ludicrous. A triumph over added impediments is additionally honourable, and that Mr. Williamson does convey all the intense feeling necessary is not because Franz Weber is made a Dutchman, but rather despite the fact. We feel it a somewhat perilous task, seeing that the character throughout is cast in a serious mould. Even from the very beginning his wife's uncompromising spirit vouches that the man's inner life is already a troubled one whatever material prosperity he may have accomplished. Mr. Williamson's Franz Weber is a powerful piece of acting, able, consistent, possessing life and meaning, complete in itself, dominant everywhere, and never failing for a moment to engage tbe attention of the spectator. Mr. Vincent, thongh I not seen at his best, made much of the volatile, sound- hearted theatrical agent, Charley Frink. We are glad to note that he is becoming emancipated from the thraldom of his'Jacques, which has seemed to oppress bim like some ultra-reproachful ghost ever since the night of the murder. To Mr. Douglas was given the villanous Lawrence Beigbton, and he was sufficiently villanous to be called before the curtain for the express pnrpoBe of being hissed and hooted, but may as well devise a hirsute appendage in the drama proper which shall not appear so obviously a mere disguise. Mr. Sterling Whyte played ** the bald-headed snipe of the valley," Colonel Jack Bover, and quite saw through the Colonel's peculiarities, and made the audience see them also. Mr. Whyte is rapidly acquiring the art of appropriate by-play, and for the future we shall expect nothing mediocre from him. But we put it to Mr. Whyte with all the humility of outsiders—is his Colonel Jack Bover baldheaded enongh ? We honestly believe that the Colonel's head was as bald pretty well as the traditionary billiard ball, but of course are open to reasonable argument on the subject. Then, Mr. Whyte,. would tbe Colonel call any otber person a " curse ?" Wouldn't he say "cuss,'' like the free and enlightened citizens of the great Republic generally? Swar to it. Sir. Messrs. Jerdan, Foly, Tolarno, and Bussell played Jake Morgan, Mike McGeol, Cheeky Bill, and Albert Moore respectively—small puts whicb, if possessing value as means towards histrionic distinction, were not so utilized. Miss Myra Kemble received a cordial welcome from tbe audience on her reappearance as Annie Weber. She performed most acceptably, yet will make a stronger impression when she lets a qoiet intensity take tbe place of her present tendency to play after a melodramatic fashion. She did not sufficiently insist on the obstinate, dare-devil side of Annie's individuality, and, having much power of indicating emotion by gesticulating movements, trusts overmuch to this gift, not seldom neglecting other and more important functions of the actress's art. Miss Lena Ellis played one "help" (Maria Kiernon), and Miss Merton the otber (Julia Wright). The former had little to do, bat did that little well—only wanting in make-up of the face. The latter did not hesitate to so transform her visage that all requirements of tbe character were fulfilled on tbat score, and in other respects we question whether the personation could have been much improved. The play was greatly helped by having so intelligent a child as Bella Russell in the part of Yalie, She acts naturally, and speaks with proper emphasis and modulation, nor displays the slightest trace of that parrot-like monotony and souUessness which makes most children brought on the stage heavy burdens not lightly to be borne. With Mrs Williamson as -Nellie Frink the cast was complete. Nellie, with true feminine instinct, hates Laurence Beighton, consequently Mrs. Williamson at once showed ns how easy it is to be unanswerably saucy if one only knows the method. Then she laughed with Franz and welcomed Charley Frink with such open-hearted naivete, that one felt jealous of those superlatively fortunate individuals, only becoming reconciled to fate when Nellie sat down before the piano, and, playing her own accompaniment with a light, crisp touch, sang a song, whicb,'nf course, was encored. Later on she teased Colonel Jack Bover, finally cajoling him into doing just what five minutes before he had no intention of doing; quarrelled whimsically with her husband; and pleaded tenderly with her sister-in- law—everywhere in the same thorough, facile, womanly way which makes one forget tbat she is acting at all. _ Tbe principals received a call at tbe conclusion of each act, and the scene where Franz recognises Tulie—by far the strongest in the play—was followed excitedly by the audience, and produced such an effect as is rarely witnessed even within the walls of a theatre. Mr. Douglas will oblige us personally by seeing that his pistol is properly loaded and capped for use at end of the prologue. It was heartbreaking to find the whole intention of author and actors missed through neglect of so simple a precaution. "Eureka" will be performed tonight and during the week. TBAIKIKO COLLEGE PICHIC.—On tbe occasion of the breaking-up of tbe above institution for a week's holiday atter three quarters' hard study a picnic was held at Coromandel Valley. On Friday, tbe 26th inst., the students, accompanied by Mr. A. Scott, B.A., and Mrs. Scott, having hired one of Messrs. Hill & Oe.'s commodious coaches, set out for the destined place. Mr. Alex. Murray has allowed the students of this College for several years successively to hold their picnics on his ground near the jam and biscuit factory, and accordingly that was the Bcene of enjoyment on Friday. After partaking of a hearty repast, provided by the lady students, games of all sorts were played— croquet, cricket, football, &c.; During the afternoon the company were shown over Mr. Mturay's extensive jam and biscuit works by Mr. Daley, his representative. Mr. Daley pointed out the various processes gone through in the manufacture of jam, the superiority of steam ova fire in heating the boilers; and on the bisouit side the revolving oven—the only one of its kind in the colony—was greatly admired. Three cheers were given for Mr. Murray, the Principal and masters of the Training College, and the company started for home about 5 o'clock, after spending a most enjoyable day. OPERA SEASON.—Season tickets for the twentyfour nights of the opera season are obtainable on and after to-day. Particulars are given in our advertising columns. TTKPT? AUGUST WIEHELMJ.—This celebrated violinist will give the first of an extra series of concerts in the Town Hall this evening. BICYCLE CLUB.—Owing to the uncertaUstate of the weather on Saturday last the muster of the South Australian Bicycle Club only numbered eight, by whom a run was made to Modbury, via North Adelaide and WalkerviUe, the distance being about ten miles, and th« time forty-five minntes. Modbory had only been arrived at when it commenced to rain, and continued until the O.G. Hotel was reached on the return. All got safely back to to wn shortly after 5 p.m. CBICKET.—The annnal meeting of the Port Cricket Club was held at Tiel's Commercial Hotel on Thursday evening, August 25. There was a fair attendance. The following officers were elected for the ensuing year:—Patron, D. Bower, M.P.; President, W. E. Mattinson, M.P. Vice- Presidents, W. Beattie, A. C. Evans, S. Malin, J. W. Williams. John Cleave, T. G. Smith, J. E. Dempster, H. W. Thompson, J.P., J. H. Sinclair, D. Goldsmith, B. Honey, T. Haok, B. Kestel, and O. F. McAllister; Ciptain, J. McEenzie; Vice-Captain, J. Sidoli; Secretary and Treasurer, T. W. Mattinson; Committee, J. McEenzie, B. Coateg, J. Goldsmith, R. Kelly, and T. W. Mattinson; Afesoeiation delegates, J. Goldsmith and T. Mattinson. Several new L * " 