INsoLvuc.?.-Acco.nts with plans of distribution in the undermentioned estate will be submitted to the court in Sydney on the 15th December for confirmation, if not previously objected to:--Illing worth Field of Goulburn, tailor, a first plan dividend of 5/8II per £ on one proved proeferent debt only. rESUsrPTION OF DEDIATrED Lones.--Amongst the crown lands enumerated in the nact recently passed for the resumption of certain dedicated crown lands is the following:-Two roods dedicated on 20th July 1877 as sites for Wesleyan church and minister's residence at Ginninderra; reason of resumption, intended dedication of more suitable sites. One rood dedicated on 4th February 1876 as site for school of arts at Gunning; reason of resumption, the land is required as site for post and telegraph office; it is intended to dedicate another site for school of arts. Two eacres dedicated at Munllengullenga for a public school siteo; reason of resumption, intended dedication of more suitable site. GnEAT Fme AT Coe-n.-A disastrous fire broke out and destroyed the Metropolitan Hotel, Cobar, on Monday night at about a quarter to nine o'clock. In less than ten minutes the wholo building, composed of wood, with an iron roof, was one mass of flames. The stable andouthouses, Macbattio and Co.'s, Cobb and Co.'s offices, the temporary publio school, and the Wesleyan church were also completely destroyed. The buggies in the Metropolitan stables were caved, but nothing else of any consequence. Barton's, Goold's, Myrs', and otherbuildings on the opposite side of the street narrowly escaped, the wind being in that direction. Barton's and Goold's and the bonded warehouse were protected by wet blankets. Mathews' butchery, tbe Herald office, the Union Bakery, and Shoridan's were saved through the great exertions of the people, who worked hard to subdue the flames from spreading. The Herald offic was cleared out, the press and plant being considermbly knocked about in the endeavours to save them. The Motropolitan Hotel and furniture were insured. Mr. Licensed Surveyor Machattio lost all his valuable papers and field-book, also a largo sum of money. All the school furniture, books, &c.;, are destroyed.-TelegramIs to Sydney papers. EcCCLEIasBTICAL JUOIncCTIONo.-In the supreme court on Tuesday letters of administration wero granted in the estates of Duncan Davidson, £755; of William Wallace, £926; and of Alexander Me Gilvray, £232. Probate of will was granted in the estate of Henry lotton, £22,000. The board appointed to investigate the claim of £6000 made by Mers. Jones of Glonrowan notoriety, for thebo destruction of her property and tis loss of her son, estimate the value of the buildings at £280, and the cotth bring the award up to £305. A FAAr. Br.,w.-The Yass Tribune reports that on Saturday evening last a brutal act was com misted in Yaso by one of the local police force. It Eeems that a constable was taking a man to the lockup on a charge of drunkeoness, and as the man offered some rei?itance and sho?ed a decided dia. inclination to go with the constable, the latter hit the man on the Ihead sith his baton, which rendered him totally unconscious. In this condition the un. fortunate man continued throughout Sunday, and on Monday morning lie had not recovered con usiousness, and was still unable to speak. ThoYass Courier of Tuesday gives the following version of the affair:-On last Baturday cvuning, between seven and eight o'clock, one of the most cowardly acts that ever came under our notice was perpetrated by a well-known and prominent member of the police force. It appears that a man named Philip Scarle, apparently about forty-five years of ags, who, we believe, had bten lying in the entrance between Mr. Leseberg's and MIr. Latham's shops in Cooma-street during the greater part of Saturday afternoon, was tinder arrest by this senior-constable for drunkenness, and as the latter was entering the doorway to the lock-up with his charge, Sanrlo offered some alight resistance, when the policeman struck him a blow with a whip on the left side of the head, thereby inflicting such a severe wound that Scarlo became at once quite unconscious, and had remained in that state up to the time we went to press last night. Two of the doctors have attended on him, but not the slightest hope is entertained of his recovery. A later report states that the man Searle died on Tuesday evening. Senior- constable Murphy is the policeman referred to in connexion with this unfortunate occurrence. An inquest was held yesterday, and as will be seen by telegram Murphy has been committed for trial. A COnUreL PnacrxcaL Jone is reported to have been played upon a youth who recently visited some country relations in the Wagga Wagga district. He was taken out opossum-shooting by some of his young friends, who had previously arranged that one of their number should climb a tree and person. ate a ghost by coveting himself withl a sheet. Bud denly the alarm was given, and the conspirators decamped in feigned alarm, but soon recovering their courage, they persuaded their young guest to fire at the ghost, having previously taken the pro. caution to sen that his gun was only loaded with powder. The ghost descending from the tree, approached the party, and 0so temfied the lad that he became insensible, and was fully six weeks before be regained his customary health.-Telegram to Mehlbonune Argus. TWO CHILDREN BURNT TO DEATH.—A dreadful accident occurred on Wednesday last, five miles below Thackaringa, on the boundary of South Australia and New South Wales. Mrs. Campbell and her five children lived in a tent situated half-a- mile from a government dam on this side of the boundary. She, with three of the eldest children, went to the dam for water, leaving a girl of five years and a baby at the tent. The wind being high, it is supposed that some ashes were blown from the fire to the tent in which the two children were. Although the mother saw the place on fire from the dam, she could not reach it in time, and the children were burned to ashes. The husband was away shearing.—S. M. Herald. PAL.?E v. SnAoAsas.--In the equity court on Monday, before the primary judge, this case was heard. Mr. Gordon and Mr. Knox, instructed by Messrs. Iceton and Faithfull, for Messrs. Betts and Carter of Goulburn, for the plaintifl; Mr. C. J. MaInning, instructed by Messrs. Gannon and MI Carter for the defendant. This was a suit for the redemption of a mortgage given by the plain. tiff to the defendant to secure £200 on two con. ditional purchases at Queanbeyan and five hundred sheep. The defence was that it was a sale and not a mortgage. Witnesses were examined and counsel heard. His Honor said his decision onas in the plaintiffs favor, but he would defer delivering judgment till next day, when the parties might have arrived at some settlement.--S. M. Herald. Ton Sonvenzon.Gcsosna .-Mr. Adams, surveyor. general of the colony, paid an official visit to Quean beyan on Friday last, aqd left again on the following day. We understand that the surveyor-general recognised the growing importance of this district, and tle increasing extent to which land in the counties of Murray and Cowley is being taken up, and one result of the visit is likely to be tie estab. lishlment of a district surveyor's quarters here, and the erection of a survoy-office.-Queauboeyan Age. ACCEPTED TENDEns.-The following tenders have been accepted by the government, viz.:-P. Callag. han, contract IS, road Dalton to Burrowa; M. Gin ghoen, contract 3S, road Gunning to Qneanbeyan; E. Taylor, erection of bridge over Reedy Creek, on road Braidwood to Tarago; J. Newman, bridge over Pudman Crcek, road Dalton to Burrows; G. H. Royce and Co., supply and erection of pumps, pump. ing engines, boilers, &c.;, in connexozion with water supply, Bathurst and Goulburn; McEvoy nuod Keofs, bridge over Houlaghan's Creek, road Wagga. to Cowabbie; Messrs. George Mann and Co., con struction of the works on section No. 3 (Nyngan to Bourko) of the extension of the Great Western Rlail-. way from Dubbo to Bourka. Tnone v. EuaasUEL.-The hearing of this casre in the supreme court occupied several days and was concluded on Monday. Mr. Darley, Q. C., annd Dr. Donovan, instructed by Mr. Bxonnan, appeared otar the plaintil; Mr. Pilcher and Mr. Want, in structed by Mr. S. C. Brown, appeared for the defend ant. This was an action of ejectment to recover pose session of 410 acres of land alleged to form part tof Brisbano Grove, and situated at Goulburn Plains in ithe county of Argylo. Tho plaintiff claimed by a chain of title which included a will made in 1840 by John Thorn the younger. His Honor in the course of summing up, said that the case had taken some time, and contained questions which it was very difficult to decide. The facts were that John Thorn the elder, being possessed of 2460 acres, left 1460 acres by his will to his wife for life, and after her death for his son John, and he further gave John absolutely the remaining 1000, describing the land as against Mr. Bradley's side-line. Mr. Thorn continued to live on the homestead, the will pro. viding for this. John Thorn the younger, dying before his mother, made his will in 1810, leaving his mother all his estate or farm called and known by the name of Brisbane Grove. The question arose, what did he leave his mother. He appeared to his Honor, taking the will as a whole, to haves dealt with the whole of his property. The part leaving the remaining part of his estate to George Henry appeared to carry the 200 acres. His Honor left these questions to be answered by the jury: (1) Did the 1000 nacres adjoining Mr. Bradley's side. line include thle 410 acres? (2) Is there any other portion of land which can fit the description of land. adjoining Bradley and Broughton's property ? (3), Did what is known as the Brisbaneo Grove estate int the year 18.0 include the 410 acres ? The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff as to the 210 acres, the southern portion of the 410 acres; and for tho defendant as to 200 acres, the northern portion of the 410 acres. They ans?wered questions 4 and 3 in tho affirmative, and question 2 in the negative.-S. H. Herald. A MAN ATTACKED DY ANTS.—Dunolly, Sunday.— An old man greatly respected, named Pethick, was admitted on Saturday afternoon to the hospital, suffering from paralysis. He was found in Simp son's paddock where he was working, by some lads who were returning home from the bush, and who were attracted towards the sufferer by the barking of his little dog. He was speechless, insensible, and covered with bulldog ants, by which he had been bitten all over the body and head, and his mouth being open he was attacked also in that part. As sistancs was obtained, and the unfortunate man was brought to the hospital, where he lingered till two o'clock this afternoon, and then died.—Telegram to Melbourne Argus. SAD FATALITY.—A melancholy mishap occurred at Echuca on Monday evening, by which two girls named Elizabeth Mc Arthur and Ada Laughlin, both about fourteen years of age, were drowned. The girls were bathing in the Campaspe River at seven o'clock. Mc Arthur, noticing that her com panion seemed distressed, went to her assistance, when Laughlin clasped her round the neck. The grandmother of one of the girls, who witnessed the occurrence, gave the alarm, and a large crowd quickly gathered, and several persons dived, but it was not until eleven o'clock that the bodies were recovered. When found they were in eleven feet of water, the arms of each clasped round the other.— Telegram to S. M. Herald. A man, name unknown, was found hanging on a tree near Baulkham Hills,Parramatta. A verdict of suicide was returned. Tise town of rBoma in Queensland is to be sop plied with water by means of an artesian well. It is stated that a great pastoral company of oMel bourno has taken up the station of Mr. Gordon Sandeman and others in Quoeensland. The statement respecting the onexistolouo of certain irregularities in the Union Bank, Melbourne, is. authoritatively disprovCd. 