WESLEYAN GENERAL CON- FERENCE. The third General Conference of the Australian Wesleyan Methodist Church was opened in the Pirie-street Church, on Thursday, May 12\. The President (Bev. J. Watsford) took the chair at 10 a.m., and there was a large attendance of the general public. A hymn was sung, a psalm read, and prayer offered by the Bev. C. Bavis. The roll was then called, and the official records read and confirmed. The SBCBBTABX mentioned that one of the lay delegates from New South Walts—Mr. John O. White—was the first local preacher who ever conducted divine service in Adelaide. He came to this colony in 1836, and from that time to the present had been a most acceptable local preacher. (Applause.) PBESIDEKT'S ADDBS8S. The PBESCDBKT then delivered the inaugural address. He said that but for the resolution to that effect at tbe last Conference he should never have had the courage to give the address, but with that resolution before him, and .knowing that he might never have such an opportunity again, he asked their attention while he said some things which were in his heart of the work of God, and of their beloved Methodism. He then said a great sorrow had Some upon ns, and our hearts are sad to-day. By tbe terrible Tararna disaster on the coast of New Zealand five of our beloved brethren appointed as delegates to thia Conference have been taken from ns, and with us all it is a time of great mourning. Not for them we mourn, for they were Christ's servants, and we have no doubt the sudden termination of their work brought them the "well done" of their Master and the joy of their Lord. We mourn for the bereaved ones, so severely stricken, and for our Church, which sustains so great a loss. We earnestly pray that the God of all Graoe may comfort tbose wbo mourn, and that the peiufnl dispensation of His providence may be sanctified to the good of all. Bat we bless and praise ths name of God to-d*y, and thank Him f jr His goodness to onr other dear brothers from New Zealand, some of whom might have bcea in the ill-fated steamer, but He in His mercy turned their course another way, and we bless God today for that; for His mercy during all the last three years as well as ever before; aad for bringiug us together again to-day. May His pretence be with ns, and may He baptise us all with tbe Holy Ghost and with fire. Continuing he would like to say something as to some of the doubts and difficulties which troubled the Churches in our time. He did not often den' with these matters, but would like to now. It bad been said that this was an age of duubt and unbelief. Why it should be so more than any other he knew not. But ever since he bad had connection with tbe ministry he had heard the same remarks. We had had from the beginning, and should have to the end, doubters and scoffers. He would refer for a short time to some aspects of unbelief. This was an age of scientific progress, and we all rejoiced in the discoveries of science. But there were scientific men opposed to the Bible and to Christianity, and tbey were trying to use science in opposition to the trnth, and to make the world believe there were discrepancies between the Bible and the works of God, and therefore that the Bible could not be the Word of God. But that was not true of all scientific men nor of the. majority. (Hear, hear.) These were with tbe Churches and with their holy religion; and bad shown that between the Word of God and the Works of God there were not and could not be any real discrepancy. (Applause.) In our days there were preacbers to be found who, in our pulpits and from the Press, were bringing strange things to our ears. These men would give a Bible without inspiration, a gospel without tbe Atonement, and a future without punishment for sin. And the Btrangesfc of all was teat they persisted in keeping to their place and pay in the Churches whose creed tbey professed to doabr. There was a miserable kind of popularity attached to this kind of thing. The world of sceptics, spiritualists, and the like admired it, and severely rated tbe Church for what they called the persecution raised against these men on account of their defence of liberal and enlightened views. Again, this was an age of great intellectual pride, and with some men no man could have any claim at all to large intelligence and scholarship unless he was a doubter and an unbeliever; and any man who wonld bring forward any theory, no matter how absnrd, opposed to the troth of the Bible and Christianity, wonld be recognised as a man of great mind and of immense leaaning—a man far and away beyond the ignoramuses around him. He (the speaker) was a great believer in intelligent, earnest, bumble, Christian young men. (Applause.) He believed that anything which could be done in our world could be done with them; bat we would sometimes meet with and read of many a young man in our day who bad passed many an examination, but had yet to pass in modesty. These set np for great scholarship and fix definitely the meaniDg of Gieek words about which tQere had been great controversy for ages past, and about which Christian men had not even now agreed. These now setiled tbe questions which had disturbed their fathers and forefathers; and characterised as false truths which throagh long years had been received and held dear to the hearts of many Ministers as were able to grapple with those difficulties. Not that he would trifle with the difficulties of any such doubter, hut there was a great deal of sham, mere pretence, and make believe about the scepticism of our day. Tbe wish was the father to tbe thought, tbe heart was more wrong than the head, and it bad been wisely stated—" Men are against the Bible because it is against them." Instead then of for ever debating those questions with them the ministers should aim at showing thena their sins and their danger; and once convince them of their sin, their un- belief wonld soon depart. (Applause.) The speaker then addressed himself to other aspects of his subject in a speech of 50 minutes duration. The Bev. Dr. Waugh was then elected President by 35 votes against 32gi ven to tho Bev. F. W. Fletcher. The newly-elected President was duly installed by hb predecessor, who handed him the Conference Bible and seals. The President then gave a short address, in which he said that whatever qualifications he might lack for tbe honourable position to which he had been unexpectedly elected, he would cry second to none for an intense loyalty to the fundamental and essential principles of Methodism. He had studied those principles and their history. He knew their valne, and they were dearer to him now than ever before in the whole course of his long ministry of over forty years. The following appointments were made:— Secretary, Bev. J. B. Waterhouse; Assistant Secretaries, Bevs. Spencer Williams and H. T. Burgess; Journal Secretaries, Bevs. W. Morley and W. C. Blamires. 