\- EXHIBITION. LETTERS. Br Gabnet Walsh.—No. 11. ilea culpa. 3fca maxima culpa ! I may ns well mike a clean brent of it, toll tlie truth, and sliamo—myself. You have been languishing, sweet reader, for tho mental re freshment, chcering, but not inebriat ing, to which you have lately- baon nccus tomcd. You have pinod for the want of your epistolary " Yigorine," that, doubly dis tilled essence of veracity, so bracing to tho system. You have felt, confess it, utterly unhinged and miserable, and not even tlw latest local scandal could act as a tonic in tho absence of your favourite Exhibition letters. And this is all my fault. Of a ver ity I feel humbled and contrito in your pre sence, can but acknowlege my backsliding, nnd sue most'lustily for forgiveness. And tho cause—tho cause of it all ?— T,ist«n 1—I have not been saturating my soul with Ozonic Nopentho nt Sorrento, Queens cliff, or Lome. I have not been devoting evory spare minute to tho perusal of the forty-three competitive dramas for the ffam illoninn £250 prize. I have not boon coach ing Jack Gardiner in his forthcoming areat Speech on the Differential Calculus in its relations to tho Protoplasmic Theory. I have not been preparing the Rev. Mr. Strong's defence against the gathering thunderstorm of Presbyterian Orthodoxy. I have not been doing a bit of lay preaching on my own ac count, " super "-ing at the Royal, laying down wood pavement in Collins Btrea', sell ing walnuts on tho side-walk. I have not been lured from the pnths of journalistic re ctitude by any Will-o'-!he-Wisp prospectus of a now. newspaper, offering gigantic terms to all and sundry who choose to follow it i through bog and miro to the ultimate slough of Bankruptcy. I have not been cloeclcd with Graham [Wry, dictating his future line of policy. I have not been with Servico in the Peshawur ns far as King Georges Sound. I have not mado a fortune in shares or a failure in nil Emasculated Reform Bill. I have not joinni either the Great Majority or tho Mori bund Ministry. I have no', been in goal for murdering the Queen's English, richly as I may have deeerved it—or in the hospital through a fracture of any of tho ten com mandments. What then has absorbed my time—what has preveuted mo from the labour I so love, my weekly chat wi'h friends from glacier-throned New Zealand to the torrid shores of Carpentaria? Simply and solely this:—I have sated revengeful thirst of mine enemy, " whoever he may be ; I have laid mysolf calmly, gracefuliy, on tho opera ting table of the great kill or curc Ecolo de Yiviecction ; I have bared my manly breast to the fleams of tho assembled circle of critics, and Heaven help me, am prepared for tho result. In plain language, sweet readers mine, I havo published a book, and tho final touches thereof have ccst me both timo and anxiety. Not wishing to be accuied of tise ing this column as an advertising medium, I refrain from further part iculars ; but thoro is my Excuse ! impugn it whoso list! I think the above genuine statement is moro creditable than, if not so witty as, tho alliterative ex cuse tendered to the public by a celebrated English writer who, on resuming tho chapters of his story, after a long interval, informed his readers that his silence was attributable to " a little love, a little law, and a great deal of liquor, " or to the more elaborate explanation of tho French journalist whose "Excess of Emotion at the decease of aimucb-beloved mother-in-law" kept him away from work and necessiated a trip to the gaming- tables of Baden-Baden—u whereat," ho added, " I long sought in vain to allay my acute sorrow by alternately plunging my soul in a fiery flood of 'rouge' and tho Stygian stream of • Noir." My remarks, in a recent letter, about cheap jewellery, havo received considerable emphasis by tho bursting of the Rodanow "Watch Com pany bubble, so thoroughly exposed in the Argut. Tho price-list of this supposed com pany, emanating from a single speculative scoundrel in Amcrica, offered solid silver cased lever watches, jewelled, with monogram engraved, spare mainspring?, glasses, aud keys, and a written guarantee for three years, at 17s. each; 18 carat gold watches at £2 5s., and so on. So plausibly were tho advertis ments worded, so much stress laid on the fact that the firm '* was established in 1849, " and had since gained prize medals at all the great Exhibitions, and such caution was exhibited in the matter of remittances " or reference to a Boston House, " that, many, T fear, havo been gulled into sending money to America, to tho impalpable time keepers. It is to ba hoped that they (the dupes) and one and all of us, will profit by the lesson, and that hence forth tho respectable local firms will be pa< ronised at their legitimate prices, and foreign roguoB left to expend their cunning on tho desert air. Better pay JB5 for a serviceable watch however plain and devoid of extra jewels, than remit half the amount across the rolling seas in chaso of a ghost of a ticker, a horological Mrs. 'Arris, a watch not made with hands, fictitious, in t.he clouds. I wonder if Mr. George Collins Levey, C.M.G., &c.; &(}., is agent for any American watch firms? Another swindle, just exposed by tho Argus is the manner in which one of tho jurors in tho section "Stationary, Printing, and Books," sought to upset the awards of his fellow jurors by refusing at first to vote in their presence, and afterwards furtively add ing a series of " noughts " in order to reduce the totul averago of tho awards. As I, per sonally, am quoted by tho Argus as ono of tho victims, and as the injustice really is more glaringly apparent as regards my exhibit than fn'any of tho other cases, I take this oppor tunity of thanking tho gentlemen of the Jury in the said section—excepting only Mr. Oliver Lovey, brother of Mr. George Collins Levey, CM.G.—for their honorable conduct in de clining to a accept the slily-afUxeJ, and pal pably spiteful, vote of their high-minded collcaguc. As for Judas himself—poor re morseful Judas—for I am sure ho must bo sorry now he is found Out—he can seek conso lation either after the historical fashion, or in tho society of his noblo kinsman. Oh! Che bornine. The awards have all been made, and there is tho usual six of satisfaction and half a dozen of disappointment. Amongst tho prin cipal prizo takers I am glad to see tho Bod Cross Company, who bear off chief honors for pickles, sauces, and preserves. I do not for get my promise to give eomo day a descrip tion of tho operations carried on by this com pany. I looked in a short timo ago for tho purpose, and found no less than tho Earl and Countess of Ellesmere and Lord Hervey Phipps going over tho works. I am told that they were highly pleased with all they saw, and mado favourable comparisons between tho Red Cross and other similar factories in tho old country. It speaks well for the prac tical common sense of our aristocratic visitors that they should appreciate our manufactur ing industries, and not allow the giddy mael strom of society to absorb them altogether. The application of the Fine Arts to that still finer Art—the Art of Advertising—is every day becoming more and more fashion able ; note the admirable little pictures re Eno's Fruit Salt, drawn by Adelaide Claxtou, and published in many of our leading papers. Note also a comical cut of" Before and After " illustrative of tho beneficial effect of Poulton's Electro- Chemical BathB. I thought at first that it represented an individual who had partaken freely of the Yan Yean liquid mud, and the same countenance after a refreshing draught of " Mount Macedon " Spring wator which, by the way, is now being sold in large quantities, much to the delight of all who detest the fluid filth that flows from our tops. 