DESTRUCTIVE FIRE IN SYDNEY. The Sydney Morning Herald, January 12, reported :— A fire, which has resulted in the destruction of a very large amount of valuable property, occurred this morning in Barrack- street. Soon after midnight flamea were discovered in the warehouse of M. Bechet, Reneral importer, situated close to the Savings Bank (from which building it is separated by a space of about six or eight feet), the Daily Telegraph office adjoining the premises on the other Bide. By the time the firemen arrived and got to work, the fire had obtained such hold of tho building and its contents, and was burning so furiously, that there was no hope of saving any portion of the property. The grandeur of the acene, as the flames rolled out of every window and hole, and from the roof of the spacious building, equalled that of the Victoria Theatre on the night it auccumbed to a Bimilar fate. The flamea shot high into the air, and showers of sparks were carried by the wind for some considerable distance. The roofs of the buildings adjoining M. Uechet's establish ment were just catching fire from tho shower of Bparks rained upon them when the hose was taken through the Daily Telegraph office, and the incipient llamea were quenched. Shortly before 1 o'clock the burning building presented a grandly terrible sight. The atone walls stood firmly, though the elate roof had crumbled and fallen in ; and through tho apertureB in it could be Been great rat^/a reddening into charcoal, while tho burnt ghosts of chandeliers swayed to and fro, and now and then a great beam would fall, like a giant torch. Cracks opened in the outer walls ; and once or twice a panic seized the crowd — a panic which, owing to the presence of the police, only resulted in a little crushing and swaying, but which otherwise might have been tho death of more than one. The wind waa in the east, and so the sparks fell for the most part hn,rmlesB,butatill anxiety forthesafety of the surrounding bujldinga lasted, until at 2 a.in. the fire was got well under. Consternation waB great, as might have been expected, in the Telegraph office The compositors' frames and cases were removed, and owing to the confuBion, it was for a little time difficult to say wheiher the paper would be issued to-day. Subsequently the usual work of a newspaper office was carried on almost, aa if no great firo waa raging in the immediate vicinity. M. Bechet'a warehouse wag completely gutted, and as floor after floor, laden heavily with expensive and inflammable goods, sank down to preserve the blaze which, bursting forth at every opening, drew together tho enormous crowd which thronged York, Barrack, and George, streets, exclamations of admiration rose freely from thoae assembled. At half- past 1 o'clock a smart shower fell, and this Beeing that the building was completely gutted, enabled the firemen to get the flames under, until, at 2 a.m., bare hot walls surrounding a great mass of smouldering dtbris showed that the fight was over, and that the Savings Bank and the many warehouses near at hand were safe. 