The Revised New Testament. The publication of the Revised New Testament is unquestionably the greatest literary event of the century. Though but a few weeks have elapsed since the book first saw the light at Oxford, a very large number of copies have already found their way to Sydney. Parcels arrive by every ocean steamship ; and as purchasers are numerous and eager, it may be confidently anticipated that in the course of a few months the new revision will be generally distributed amongst Australian homes. Remembering, however, that many of our country readers have not yet had any opportunity of examining it for themselves, we publish the following informa tion. To begin with, it should be noted that the book is a revision of a revision, and not a new translation. Its basis is the Authorized Version at present in use. From the preface, we quote the following remarks respecting the Authorized Version : — That translation was the work of many hands and of several generations. The foundation was laid by William Tyndale. His translation of the Hew Testament was the true primary version. The versions that followed were cither substantially reproductions of Tyndale's translation in its final shape, or revisions of versions that had been themselves almost entirely based on it. Three successive stages may be recognized in this continuous work of authoritative revision: first, the publication of the Great Bible of 1539-41 in the reign of Henry VIII. : next, the publication of the Bishops' Bible of lSGSand 1572 in the reign of Elizabeth; and, lastly, the publication of the King's Bible of 1G11 in the reign of James I. Besides these the Genevan version of 1560, itself founded on Tyndale's translation, must here be named ; which, though not put forth by authority, was widely circu lated in this country, and largely used by King James' tianslators. Thus the form in which the English New Testament has now been read for 270 years was the result of various revisions made between 1525 and 1611 ; and the present revision is an attempt, after a long interval, to follow the example set by a succession of honoured prede cessors. ''With regaid to the Greek Text, it would appear that, if to some extent the translators exercised an independent judgment, it was mainly in choosinsr amongst readings con tained in the principal editions of the Greek Text that had appeal ed in the 16th century. Wherever they seem to have followed a reading which* is not found in any of those editions, their rendering may probably be traced to the Latin Vulgate. Their chief guides appear to have been the later {editions of Stephanus and Beza, and also, to a certain extent, the Complutensian Polyglott, All these were founded for the most part on manuscripts of late date, few in number and used with little critical skill. But in those days it could hardly have been otherwise. Nearly all the more ancient of the documentary authorities have become known only within the last two centuries ; some of the most important of them, indeed, within the last few years. Their publication has called forth not only improved editions of the Greek Text, but a succession of instructive discussions on the variations which have been brought to light, and on the best modes of distinguishing original read ings from changes introduced in the course of transcription. While therefore it has long been the opinion of all scholars that the commonly received text needed thorough revision, it is but recently that materials have been acquired for executing such a work with even approximate complete ness.' The present revisers say that, having had time to study this great version carefully and minutely line by line, the longer they .have been engaged upon it the more they have learned ' to admire its sim plicity, its dignity, its power, its happy turns of expression, its general accuracy, ' and the music of its cadences and the felicities of its rhythm.' The present revision originated with the Convocation of Canterbury in 187 0. Two companies, one for the Old Testament and the other for the New, were appointed, and two corresponding companies were formed in America. On both sides of the Atlantic the highest scholarship was sought, irrespective of denominational attachments ; and the wisdom of this broad constitu tion cannot be disputed. The Old Testament companies will not have completed their difficult labours for several years to come. The Authorized Version, our readers will ? have noted, occupied less than a third of the time that has been devoted to the volume which has just been given to the English-speaking world ; and it may be 6afely said that no book was ever printed which exhibits more industrious and conscientious scholarship than the Revised New Testament, The principles and rules assented to by the Convocation of Canterbury were as follows : — '1. To introduce as few alterations as possible into the text of the Authorized Version consistently with faithful ness. ' 2. To limit, as far as possible, the expression of such alterations to the language of the authorized and earlier English versions. *' 3. Each company to go twice over the portion to be re vised, once provisionally, the second time finally, and on principles of voting as hereinafter is provided. '4. That the text to be adopted be that for which the evidence is decidedly preponderating; and that when the text so adopted differs from that from which the Authorized Version was made, the alteration be indicated in the margin. ' 5. To make or retain no change in the text on the second final revision by each company, except two thirds of those present approve of the same, but on the first revision to decide by simple majorities. ' 6. In every case of proposed alteration that may have given rise to discussion, to defer the voting thereupon till the next meeting, whensoever the same shall be required by one third of those present at the meeting, such intended vote to be announced in the notice for the next meeting. ' 7. To revise the headings of chapters and pages, para graphs, italics and punctuation. ' S. To refer, on the part of each company, when con sidered desirable, to divines, scholars, and literary men, whether at home or abroad, for their opinions.' All these have been faithfully observed except the seventh, regarding which, we are told, the revision of the headings of chapters and pages would have involved 60 much of indirect and direct interpretation that it has been judged best to omit them altogether. But why have the old titles of books been retained ? Some of them are certainly erroneous or doubtful. Of the thoroughness with which, the wosk has been done, Bishop Ellicott, in a remarkable speech, delivered on 17th May last, has borne the following testi mony : — In the first place, we have felt that what was required of us, not only in the criticism and translation, but in all the details of the revision, was to express a corporate and collec tive judgment. It is this which distinguishes our work from every other revision that has preceded it. It lias been the work of a large body of men sitting together, and arriving at their results after full corporate discussion? This, as we know, was not the case with the Bishop's Bible. Our latest historian of the English versions of the Bible (Dr. EadieJ reminds us not only that there was no consultation among the revisers, but even no final supervision. We have no reason for thinking that it was otherwise with the Genevan Bible, which, though the work of persons dwelling for the time in the same city, does not present any traces of having been executed or discussed in common. The first edition, indeed, of the New Testament is known to have been the work of a single hand. Even in our Authorised Version the work of revision was carried on, in the case of the New Testament, by two separate com panies, that only communicated their results to each other, but never discussed them in common. In the final supervision, which, however, only lasted nine months for the whole Bible, the discussion was probably corporate, but it was only by a small number, and, from the very nature of the case, was'probably more of a merely harmonising nature than a revision in the true sense of the word. In our case it has been utterly different. Revision and supervision have been carried through by the whole company. Every detail has been submitted to it ; every decision has emanated from it ; every judgment rests solely upon its authority. And if this was our first principle, not less strictly observed was our second principle — viz., to express that corporate judgment with precision and distinctness. I do not think there will be found in the whole volume the faintest trace of a render ing which would adjust itself to one or other of two com peting views of the original Greek. Our rule was in variably to put in the text the judgment of the majority, and that of the minority in the margin, that majority and minority being of the nature defined by the rules. There is thus nowhere any uncertain sound. Nor is there any ground whatever for supposing, as is some times the case in the Authorised Version, that the margin is the more correct rendering, which, for some reason or the other, it was not deemed desirable to place in the text. However it may be with the Authorised Version, it certainly is not so with the Revised The text expresses the rendering or tho decision of the majority of the company— that which it deliberately pre ferred ; tho margin expresses the view of the minority, and is to be so regarded by .the reader. Our third principle was not only to express our corporate judgment and clearness, but to do so only after the fullest and most varid considera tion. There isnotahastily-arrived-at judgment to be found in any page of the Revised Version. No precipitate decision lias any place whatever in the results. First, the whole of the version committed to the company, was revised by it, and then transmitted to America. It was then viewed by the American Committee, and returned back again to Eng land. It then underwent, in accordance with the rules, a second revision in England, and was again transmitted to America. After these four revisions, it yet underwent a fifth revision in England, mainly with a view of removing any hardness of diction or of remedying any rythmical detects which might have been introduced through the various changes which had been imported in the course of this fourfold revision. There was yet a _ sixth and most important revision in the form of a harmonising review of the whole, thus far, completed work. A Greek concordance of the New Testament was divided into fourteen parts. Of these, twelve of the members most constant in their atten dance each took a part (the chairman taking two), and made themselves individually responsible for a close examination of all the rendering of the words, each in the portion allotted to him. Ali varieties of rendering were thus brought up before the company, and wheresoever necessary the judgment of the collective body formally taken upon them. Thus there was a sixth revision. And even in a certain sense, a seventh ; for it so happened thai one of the two portions taken by the chairman contained the article and the relative pronouns. This involved, on the part of the chairman, a careful reading through, line by line, of the whole volume. This reading revealed several inconsistencies in the use of the English relative that had escaped notice, and even disclosed a few slight inconsistencies in other words or im pressions which had in some way or other eluded the vigilance of the revisers. Now we come to the result. According to Bishop Ellicott, there are between eight and nine changes in every five verses in the Gospels, and 15 changes in every five verses in the Epistles. But so persistent, we are told by the same authority, has been the loyalty of the revisers to the Authorized Version that, ' with all this thoroughness of revision and numerically high standard of correction, the effect to the general hearer or reader will really hardly be perceptible.' This statement, however, we venture to dispute. Dr. Ellicott is, of course, as familiar with the revision as with the Authorized Version, and the changes do not t report themselves readily to him. But we think there are few who are familiar with the old version who could open the new one at any page without the fact of revision staring him in the face. Everywhere there is change, though it is true that most of the alterations are of a minor kind. Still, change is change, and the old friend has got a new face. But is it a better one r The English critics seem to be agreed that it is not a more attractive one. The felicity of many a phrase has gone ; and indeed it- was perhaps impossible to avoid sacrificing something of the marvellous charm of the version which has been con secrated by centuries of use. Yet it must be confessed that the first of all desiderata in a translation of a book which affects the daily conduct and noblest aspira tions of millions of people is fidelity. It is imperative that literary charm should be held secondary to truth ; and the Echolara whose ten years' labours are now being reviewed wherever the language is spoken will be able to bear without wincing such sneers as that of the AtheruEum, which speaks of the book as ' a homoeopathic revision of a venerable translation.' We append some illustrations of the differences between the old version and the new: — OLD VERSION. NEW YEBSIOX. Matthew iii., 15 : And Jesus Matthew iii., 15 : Then he answering said unto him : Suffer suifcretii him. it to be so now ; for thus it bc comcth us to fulfil all righteous ness. Theniie suffered him. Matthew vi., 9-13 : Aftc-r this Matthew vi.,-J-13: Our Father manner, therefore prey ye : Our which art in heaven, hallowed Father which art in heaven, be Thy name. Thy kingdom hallowed be thy name. come. Thy will be done, as in Thy kingdom come, Thy will heaven, so on earth. Give us be done on earth, as it 'is m this day our daily bread. And neaven. forgive us our debts, as wc also Give us this day our daily have forgiven our debtors. And bread. bring us not into temptation, but And forgive 'us our debts deliver us from the evfl one. as we forgive our debtors. (Omit the rest.) And lead us not into tempta tion, but deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever. Amen. Matthew vi., 25 : Take no Matthew vi., 25 : Be not thought for your life. anxious for your life. Matthew xi., 19: The son of Matthew xi., 19: And wisdom man came eating and drinking, is justified by her works. And they say, Behold a man gluttonous and a wine bibber, a friend of publicans and sinners. But wisdom is justified of licr , children. Matthew xxiii., 11 : Woe unto Matthew sxiiu, 11 : (Omit rou, Scribes and Pharisees, entirely,) hypocrites ! for ye devour w'idows' houses, and for a pre tence make long prayer : there fore ye shall receive the greater ? damnation. Mark ix., 44-46 : Where their Mark ix., 44-18 : (Omit ea worm dieth not, and the fire is tirely.) not quenched. And if thy foot offend thee, cut it off ; it is better for thee to enter halt into life than having two feet to be cast into hell, into the fire that never shall be quenched. * Where their worm dietb not, and the fire is net quenched. Luke ix., 35 : And there camc Luke is., 35 : And a voice a voice out of the cloud, saying, came out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son ; hear This is my Son, my chosen. Him. Luke xvi., 8, 9 : And the Lord Luke xvi., 8, 9 : And his lord commended the unjust steward commended the unrighteous because he had done wisely; steward because he had done for the children of this world wiselv : for the sons of this are in their generation wiser world arc for their own gene thun the children of light. ration wiser than the sons of the light. John v., 3, 4: In these lay a John v., 3, 4 : In these lay a great multitude of impotent multitude of them that were siek, folk, of blind, halt, withered, blind, halt, withered. (Omit 1 waiting for the moving of the the rest.) water. For an angel went down at a certain season into pool and troubled the water ; whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had. Acts xxvi., 28, 29: Then Acts xxvi., 23r 2$: And Agrippa said unto Paul, Almost Agrippa said unto Paul, With thou pcrsuadest me to he a but little persuasion thou. Christian. And l'aul said, I wouldst fiin make me a Chris would to God that not only tian. And Paul said, I would thou, but also all that hear me to God, that whether with this day, were both almost and little or with much, not thou altogether such as I am, except only, but also all that hear me these bonds. this day, might become such as I am, except these bonds. Romans v., 4 : And patiencc, llomans v., 4 : And patience, experience; and experience, probation ; and probation, hope, hope. llomans viii., 29 : For whom llomans viii., 29 : For whom, he did foreknow, he also did he foreknew, he also fore predestinate to be confoiTOed to ordained to be conformed to the image of bis Son, that he the image of bis Son, that he might be the first born among might be the firstborn among many brethren. many brethren. Pliilippians ii., C, 7 : Who, Pbilippians, ii., G, 7 : Who, beingintlieformofGod, thought being in the form of God. N it not robbery to be equal with counted it not a prize to be on God. an equality with God, but emptied himself, taking the form of a servant. Pliilippians iii., 20, 21: For Pbilippians iii., 20, 21: For our conversation is in heaven ; our citizenship is in heaven ; from whence also wc look for from whence also we wait for a the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ : Christ : who shall fashion anew the body Who shall change our vile of our humiliation, that it may body, that it may be fashioned be conformed to the body of his like unto his glorious body, glory, according to Jhe working whereby he is able even to subdue all things to himself. Colos. ii., 7, 15, 23: And Colos. ii., 15, 23 : Having put having (-poiled principalities off from himself theprincipalitics and powers, he made a show of and the powers, he made a them openly, triumphing over Bhow of them openly, triumph tlum in it. ing over them ill it. Which things have indeed a Which things have indeed a show of wisdom in willwor show of wisdom in willwor ship, and humility, and neg- ship, and humility, and severity letting of the body ; not in any to the body ; but'are not of any honour to the satisfying of the value against tlic indulgence of flesh. the flesh. I. John v., 7: For there are Omitted, those that bear witness in heaven, the Fathc-r, the Word, and the noly Ghost, and these three are one. Revelations xxii., 11 : Blessed Revelations xxii., 11 : Blessed arc they that do h:s command- are they that wash their robes, mente, that they may have right that they may have the right to the tree of life', and may to come 'to the tree of . life, and enter in through the gates into may enter in by the gates into 1 the city, the'eity. 