SATISFACTION. By Janet Cabholl. And I will place within them, as a guide, My umpire conscience. Mixton's ' Fabadise Lost. Tbb little cottage, called, by courtesy, I ' The Parsonage,' in Bolunda, ia wrapped in | utter darkness, save a bright gleam of lamp light that illumined the tiny, curtained window of the minister's room. The little township is at rest, all the day's noise and broil are past, and every tired head ts on its pillow. Even the noisy jingling hotels are olosed — no light anywhere but thia glaring square, wnicn, oy its ongnineiw, mmwa cud dark night darker. Humphrey Gray, the minister, sits — though it is past midnight — at his writing desk, hia head supported on his hands, an open diary before him. As he reads and turns tbe leaves slowly, the gravity of his always grave face becomes more settled, more sombre. By-and-bye Humphrey Gray lifts a lined, drawn faoe, wearily closes the book, and in a few minutes Solunda is all dark. So passed the young minister s last night in Bolunda. To-motrow he leaves for a distant congregation, and the brawny, toil-hardened miners, as they passed the Parsonage in tbe early morning on their way to work, wished him God-speed in their hearts. He was part and paroel of the place, they said; Bolunda wouldn't be Bolunda without him. They didn't care for preachin' chaps, as a rule, but Mr. Gray was different. So they tramped along, indignantly anathematising the powers that controlled and whioh had ordered Mr. Gray's removal. He had been with them seven vears ; he had seen Bolunda grow from its infancy of tent and shanty to its present imposing maturity of cottage and hotel, and every rough- bearded face in the plaoe was familar to him He was loved by the poor for His seal and kindness. Over the mining portion of bis aoncrreoration his influence was very 1 great, and, though he did not cffcct sudden ? and magic conversions, a few well-timed words from him had often reformed the most J inveterate drunkard. The rich sought his society anxiously, for there was a strange j mixture of pride and humility, in his ' character; his manner and bearing were j -those of a perfect gentleman, and in a demo ; erg-tic community like that of Bolunda good j breeding is quickly seen and justly appre . ciated. Mt.' Gray was accompanied on his journey 1 by Fred Hathaway, a young overseer who wished to look up the interior grazing grounds for intending purchase. When they reached the top of the hill which overlooked the littlo mining township, Humphrey Gray turned his horse's head and «tood some moments thoughtfully surveying it. While thus taking his silent farewell, a soft regretful look stole over his strong,proud face, and into his blue, The next day's summer sun poured its merciless rays on our travellers, who, wearied and uncertain of their route, ride hero and there in search of the lost track. u We'll never get out of this dense busli to-day, unless, as I think, wc arc in the , vicinity of Brayburn home station. If so, we're all right, and, as the nags are done up, what do jou say to a rest at Milman's ? Bobert Milman is no end of a nice fellow ; he'll be glad to see us. I wouldn't like to pass Brayburn, so say the word Mr. Gray, and I'll find the track from tho top of this big bare hill hero to the right ; I know it well, wc camped at the foot of it on the other side last euooimg season. Mr. Gray acquicsced in his quiet way, and Milman's station was reached iti tho dusky evening. Young Hathaway was welcomed in the home circle at Brayburn warmly and kindly. The reception of his friend was not less kind, but they treated him with more deference. After Mrs. Milman — who was an invalid — had retired, a tall, pale girl came into the room. Mr. Milman introduced her as — ' My daughter Ruth.' Miss Milman, as Mr. Gray called her, (Fred familiarlv callcd her Ruth), was a sweet-faced girl with pale, well cut features, and thoughtful grey eyes ; though her manners were quiet and unassertive she seemed tho directory of the establishment. Air. Milman continually appealed to ncr on Eoints in his conversation connected with the ouses, the gardens, the horses, or even the latest European telegrams. Butli corrected and decided everything ; yet, withal, was so unpretending, so feminine, that Humphrey Gray, by admiration of her, was moved out of liis solfish moodiness and sorrow. He talked to this quiet, grey-eyed, little Ruth as he had never talked to any woman in his life, and he retired to rest happier for it. He did not know he was happier 5 but he was so, for he did not take out the great black diary and pore over it, or sit and stare before him for hours as had been his wont in the little Bolunda Parsonage, and weary nights long ago in the sparsely-furnished student chamber of his Edinburgh lodgings before ordination ; but he looked out of the window up to the starlit sky, and said softly to liim sclf : ' I will lighten my burden by some day sharing my secret with saintly-eyed little Ruth, if I dare. He leaned out over the window-sill, the stars twinkled over his head, and the night owls moaned surlily among the distant trees as he murmured in rapt, reverent tones : ' Deliver me from blood, Oh God !' Fred found many excuses for protracting their stay, and as Mr. Gray was not due at the scene of his new labours for many days, he was glad to partake of Mr. Milman's genial hospitality, and enjoy quiet littlo chats at intervals with Ruth. She told him with her serious smile that she could not entertain him, she had too many employments. She taught the two sturdy lads, Hugh and Harry, who were now having holidays in honour of the visitors. Tbey had never known any other teacher, and Mr. Milman made it a proud boast that Hugh, who was only thir teen years old, would be fit to take his place among the senior boys next year at school. On the third evening from the date of their visit, Fred Hathaway and his host being absent, Mr. Gray, who stayed in to write he said, sat looking over a photograph album at the table, opposite Mrs. Milman's invalid chair, while Ruth sewed buBily at a far away fl.i/Monl-r. flio fn on rrrnvr set, and' a hunted look crept into bis blue eyes. ' Mrs. Milman, who is that please ?' ' That 1 Oh my poor boy.' ' Mamma,' said Ruth, in a low, warning voice, as she laid down her work and came towards them. Mrs. Milman's Hps twitched painfully, her hands clasped and unclaspcd the arm of her Cliair lor a lew moments, wieii xaia uwa her head and closed her eyes. 'She has fainted,' Ruth said, hurriedly, in a relieved tone. ' Please go away, Mr. Mil man, and when she recovers 'she will have forgotten the cause of her swoon. You must not mind,' she continued, reassuringly. ' Don't look so troubled about it. Mamma is very delicate, you know.' Pointing to the bright, boyish facc in the album, she said : 'It is my brother, my onJy brother, Arclne, and he is dead. You know, Mr. Gray, I am Ruth Lesly. Many beside yourself make tho same mistake about my name. I will tell you about poor Arcliic's death after mamma has retired this evening. It is our one sorrow, Mr. Gray.' Humphrey Gray reeled from tho room like I a dr'mken man. Strong agony gleamed iu his blue eyes and lined his white forehead. All the horrid past came surging up again. It had always shadowed and menacingly fol lowed him. Now it was tugging at his heart strings, crusuing ana ovcrwneiimng mm \rau its frightful horror. He walked unsteadily down to the creek-side and leaned against a great tree. Ruth had sot in its cool shade only yesterday watching the boya tow their tiny craft on the water. He had seen her from the house, and he could not help thinking of it now — how pale ! and slight she looked in her cool white dress, , and how carefully her serious grey eyes fol lowed the movements of the little lads. He | wanted to think of her as yesterday — gentle, sweet Ruth Milman, the brothers' guide and directress, the mother's stay and comfort, old Robert Milman's treasured daughter, and his own little love. Not as to-day — not Ruth Lesly with stern, sorrowful face, tending that heart-broken mother with the terrible taleofabrother's murder hovering on her lips, Ruth Lesly with a great impassable gulf of blood between them. The sun went down at length, but the last hour of his shining brought furrows to the poor polo face so prematurely aged, and streaks to the wavy masses already grey. The prostration of spirit and mental anguish had been sore, the struggle had been hard, but his great strength saved him. ' 1 shall leave Brayburn to- morrow, and Ruth will know,' he said. ' Got a headache ! Well, it's been a roaster to-day, I know. Pity you didn't come out ; we had fine sport. Ruth wishes to know if you'll come down, or take a cup of tea up here. She's as pale as a ghost herself — Mrs. Milman had an att ack ofherillnces this after noon — poor little girl ! I 6ay, Mr. Gray, I don't mind telling you this,' aud Fred put the candle down and stood beside his friend, his bright young facc full of eagerness and earnestness : — ' I've asked Milman for Ruth to-day. I've loved her ever since I first saw her three years ago, and I'm trying hard to get rich for her, but it's awfully slow work. Ruth doesn't know, and I don't want her to know yet. She likes mc I'm sure, and I'm satisfied with that now. Milman's'.a brick ; he listened to me right was all he wanted, and that when Ruth would say Yes to me, he would be ready to do 1 his part. Now you see why I oame here when wc lost the track.' As he finished he laughed awkwardly, he . was so surprised at his friend's silence — 1 surprised and angry. ' You'll have the tea I suppose, if you're so | bad as that.' 1 Humphrey Gray, haggard and weak, rose up and 6tood before him, and laid his hands on the broad shoulders of the young man. ' Fred Hathaway, you arc good and honest, and you say you love her ; but do you love her? Can you make her sad young life happy ? Can you give her such love as she requires? You know what she is? Now, answer me. Are you worthy of her ?' ' Really, Mr. Gray, you frighten a fellow. Don't put things eo seriously, and look so tragical. I do love Ruth Lesly with all my heart, and I will try to be worthy of her if she will have mc.' ' Yes, my boy, try hard to be worthy of her.' ' Dear old fellow, you look so ill ; your eyes nro dull, and your face awfully pale. In for a fever I would say if I were a doctor. What will you take ?' ' Nothing. I will comc down by«and-byc, after Mrs. Milman has retired. My appear ance might frighten her, you know. I'll come down for a cup of tea when you're at billiards, and all is quiet.' ' All right.' A couple of hours dragged away their weary length, then Humphrey Gray, with strong resolution on his face, walked down to the lighted drawing-room with, the black bound diary in his hand. He had hoped to find Ruth there, but she was not, and bo walked up and down tho room, waiting for her, with short, decisive steps, tlie rigidity of his mouth never relaxing from its expression of fixed determination of purpose. A girl brought in a tray with his tea and an apology from Miss Ruth! Her mamma wished hor to stay with her this evening, and she hoped Mr. Gray's hcodaclic was better. He drank off a cup of tea, and, hastily de taching a leaf from his pockct-book, pencilled : — ' Dear Miss Lesly, — I leave Brayburn early in the morning. Why, you will know whon Vrtii will l»nvr- rp-irl what I leave in VOUT hands — the rccords of my early life. Search them keenly but kindly, aud when you come to that entry do not reproach me. It was unpremeditated in thought and action j it has haunted and embittered every hour of existence since. Do not you too rise up in judgment ogainst mc. Out of your charity and great gentleness of heart, think kindly of me, little Ruth, and my burden will not be so heavy. — Humphrey Gray.' Mr. Gray cave note and diary to the house- . . ? j _i® ? T.r-ai«- he requested her to delay the reading of thein till the morrow. The girl departed, and he found liis way to tho billiard-room, where the balls clickcd merrily, and Mr. Milman and Fred, in their shirt sleeves, wero excitedly chalking and scoring. ' Going in the morning. My dear sir, I won't hear of it. If vou ro ill this is just tho placc for you. Ruth s a capital nurse.' 'Mr. Gray,' put in Fred, as he saw no sign of relenting on his friend's pale face, ' wait till Thursday. Do. I can't go till Thursday, and I don't like the idea of you doing that eighty-mile journey alone in your present form. ' But Mr. Grav. having courteously thanked his host and commissioned adieus to the ladies, shook Fred kindly by the hand, and wont out to tho stables, ordered his horse for his .early ride, asccnded tho stairs to his room, and loeked the door. 'lama daughter of Eve, but I can leave it till the afternoon,' Ruth said to herself with her sweet grave smile. And in the afternoon when mamma was comfortably asleep, and all was quiet in the upper regions of the house, she carried the book and little twisted note to her own pretty room, and kneeling besido the window all ablaze with sunlight, she deftly arrangod tho curtains as a screen, and with a happy expectant look in her eyes, and the smile deopening the curves of her Hps, she opened and read. Ruth read tho pencilled lines again and again, and soft compassionate tears stood in her eyes as she took the thiokly*bound black diary in her hands, her slender fingers on its clasp as though reluctant to open it. Sho lingered tliinkingly some moments over the fastening, then with a sudden flush crimson ing her neck and facc, she rc-opened the note and kissed the signature. She turned the leaves slowly, and read many pages with the same happy smilo play ing round her mouth, but soon* her eyes be came riveted on one page. She read it over many times, while growing horror distended her eyes and whitened her face. It was a page bearing date more than fifteen years old : — ** inn. uamc to uonaon to-aay. jiioc two old chums, Tom Tillotson and Frank Craydon. Tom's going to have some fun with a young fellow whom I saw at tho Club this morning, a soft-looking fellow named Archie Lesly. Tom will put Frank and me up to the lark to-night lie says. I am sorry I must take the boat for Calais to-morrow. They want me to stay, too. '12th. Am glad I caught tho boat. I wouldn't like Otter to have seen me last night. Poor old Otter ! He's so straight laced. It's too bad though, that, after all his lessons and kindness, I couldn't be a man one day out of his sight. it Tha r-{ nr*a ia neBB. My boy, set your face against it,' he used to say. I oouldn't help myself with those fellows last night, but I am sorry for the part I took against young LeBly. I'm sorry I jibed him so about his riding— that was Tom's lark. I hope he won't remember about the colt. '13th. Archie Lcily is dead. Thrown by the colt. Slay in Paris. ' This is tlie telegram I reoeived this morn ing. My God! How can I sit here and write it? *1 am Archie Lesly's murderer as surely as if I had plunged a knife in his heart, and my soul is marked with tlie red brand of Cain. ' It was at the club, I could see that he was intoxicated, and grew fiercely indignant ac 1.0m b sneering remaras, ana wnen 1 challenged him about hia riding (of which he had been boasting, poor boy !), he swore to me that he would on the morrow ride an unbroken colt, one that had never been saddled. He seemed awfully in earnest too. ' Why did I touch the cursed drink ? But for it I could never have entered into such an unmanly jest, and I would not have that poor 1 boy's death laid at my door. I have not | moved out all day 5 but I will not fly from justicc if I am sought. Sometimes I think I ought to go back and seek out a magistrate ; then again, I am not the only one involved. If I only were guilty I would at once give myself up. ' An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth ; ay, and a life for a life. I have thought and thought, still I cannot resolve. ' 14th. * Come unto me all ye that labour, nnrl 1 nAnn nnA T «-ill rrii-n vn,- rost.' These words came to me last night, and I knolt down and prayed. Now, I am ready to go back to England.' They found her in the evening kneeling by the window in her room, a largo black book claspod closc in her arms to hor breast, pray ing; They callcd to her, but sho did not answer them. She heard her mother's voice is the next room, then the veins in her throat swelled and throbbed, and great tears filled her eyes, but she foroed them back, and went out among them. Fred looked anxious about her and communicated his fears that Ruth was not strong or else was overworked to Mr. Milman who said she must ride and walk out moro. indeed she must acoomnanv them on the morrow. The morning proved hot and sultry bo Ruth easily excused herself and promised to ride as far as the Big Hill in the afternoon to meet them on their return home. Poor white-faced Ruth rode out in the warm afternoon, away through the bush, not knowing, not oaring, where she went. She held the rein loosely before her and gave Robin his head. Away to the right stretched a dense belt of scrub, in front the Big Hill stood out blue in the haze of distance while all around grew green shrubs and I slender saplings. Mile after mile Robin I pieked his way over fallen logs and loose timber, sometimes stopping to muneh a mouthful of grass in tho scanty shado of the sparely-foliaged saplings. Sho was glad to bo alone. Every faculty was numbed with the intense strain sho had put upon herself now she tried to think about it. A false step of Robin caused her to jerk and almost lose her seat ; this brought her back to her surroundings, and, looking about anxiously for the rendezvous, sho was startled to find that, no matter in what direction she looked, no hill of any kind was to be seen. She knew she must be far from , home, for she could sco groups of stray oattle in the distance who bellowed angrily at the sight of her. Seeing a great plain ahead she rode toward it. 'I will stand in the centre of it,' she said, ' then I shall be more easily seen when they come to look for me.' She felt no fear. Her spirit was sore, and her heart and conscience were waging fierce war. The struggle was with her, as it had been with him, but she was only a giri, ana sue xovea. wnaGinuugu sue uaa heard her mother curse the unknown slayer | of her darling — wild and wayward, there- j fore loved the more — and had in her childish heart hated the destroyer of their home, and of her mother's health. Through him Archio had been cut off in his youth, and in his sin; yet she loved him. She said all this to herself standing in the centre of the dreary flat far away from her home. She did not think of her position, she 1 thought only of this unnatural and ill-fated love of hers, and scalding tears dropped on Robin's mane. It was almost sundown when she heard a shrill cooee, and Fred oame galloping toward her. 'However, did you lose yourself like this, RuthP What! Crying! Oh, don't cry, Ruth, or I'll — You're safe now, dear, you know.' They turned in tho direction Fred had come. ' i suppose «vucn you aiun t soc us at tue Hill you rode on.' 41 Did vou not go to tho Hill thon ?' 'No/ ? ' You'll be sorry Ruth, about Mr. Gray. Poor old fellow !' 'What about him,' ehe said, a littlo un steadily. 'They've got him at Yannip, dreadfully hurt. Thrown by that beast of his, I know it was dangerous by its eye — what I' ' Ruth 1 Ruth 1 Sho did not faint,, though her facc grow white, and her cvcb closed for a few moments. ' When, Frea? Tell mo about it please,' sho said, in a low voicc. ' Poor littlo girl J she's so ldnd-heartod, end feels everything so much,' said Fred to j himself, as he rode close beside her, and laid 1 Ilia linnd nr. Imra An tW »W« m»t Anson, the Yannip boundary-rider, and he told us that he had found him yosterday evening near liis boundary line, lying on tho ground, his left arm broken, and a nasty cut on his head. He was quite unconscious, and is so still. They've got him at Anson's plaoo, his wife is doing her best for him ; but as there is no doctor there yet, I'm afraid there's not much chance for him.' 'Oh, yes. If they had not I would have gone Your step-father wanted to see him, and, as we couldn't both go, I oame baok. I'll go down to-morrow. Fortunate I did come baok, eh, Ruth ?' She answered him not a word, but tightened her rein and whipped Robin into a swift gallop. Fred could scarcely keep pace with her. When they came witnin sight; of Brayburn where, though it was only dusk, the lights were twinkling in the windows; Ruth drew up. j j 'Fred, is it Anson's — that plaoe just' bdow the crock-beads P' - She had been crying Fred could see, and her voioe was full of tears. . 'Yes, that's it, Ruth. V{hyV\ . , i t ' Beoause I'm going there now* Yon must not oome. Please stay with mamma, it would be kinder, and, Fred, tell her to— to read the turned-down leaf in a book ehe will find in my room, locked in the table drawer. Fred—' she was crying violently now, 'and tell my mother if I do not see her again, that I cannot help myself, I can't help loving him.' ' Oh, Ruth 1 Oh, Heavens ! Do you love Humphrey Gray ? And I love you.' 'Thon if you do, you can understand. Make it easy for hor, Fred, she will have lost us both, Archie and me, for I will bo as lost to her, as though I wero dead, I know.' ' Oh, Ruth !' was all he could say, as sho rode away swiftly out of sight in tho dusk. Whon she reached tho boundary-rider's house, she asked to see her step -father at once. Mr. Milman came from tho sick room, shooked at hearing Ruth was there. ' Pana. vou have not so much to forgive, Archie was not your pon. Listen, I love Humphrey Gray, aud though he never spoke a word of love to me, I know lie loves me a little. Oh, papa, ho has suffered so much and so long, let me lighten hia sufferings a little. If he must die, let mo bo near him.' Before he could reply she had passed him, and entered the bedroom. A lamp burned on the table showing Humphrey Gray's white faoe on the pillow, with a linen bandage round his head, and whero it covered the wound a red stain appeared. His arm whioh lay across his chest was bound up in splints, as well as the kind-hearted people about him know how to do it. Mrs. Anson sat at the foot of tho bed, and rose up looking surprised, at her entrance, but Ruth did not speak to her or look at her, sho saw only that white face — white even to the lips —and Bhe knelt down and looked into tho half- open blue eyes, and spoke his name. Hours and hours she kuelt there, all her young life ebbing frutn her, as she listened to his moans of mortal anguish, and, at intervals, his incoherent wanderings. They were of school sometimes. Sometimes of that awful time— that day i' London aud its terrible consequcnccs. ' I will give the service of my life to tho church and my reliow-crcaiurcs, uucr. i for the life I have taken ; but will my sacrifice be accepted ?' He repeated tlii= so many times, and his voicc was so pitiful in its intense anguish that they who stood around — strong men though they were — wept. Ruth did not weep. She listened to every word with pulseless anxiety, for she knew that soon she woidd never hear liis voice again. Sometimes he spoke of her. Now sho knew how much he loved her, and with all tho desolation of her life round about and before hor, her eyes brightened with pleasuro as she heard. Thou, again, it was of tho ? .—I.—. liitirianri in t.lio UlllW HUUU liU ilvLlil wt ? ? — ? bush after his fall. 'The same death. It is meet and just. God cxacts the rigid satisfaction — death for death.' For a few moments before ho died, con sciousness came back to him. Ho recognised Ruth and looked at her with a look of such grateful, tender love from those blue eyes, dark with the shadow of pain, and dim with the nearness of death, that in all her after life she thanked God for it — for that ono look. 