DOWN THE DANUBE. The opening of the Prater on the 1st of May proved a failure, as it has done for the past three years. It rained, and thus rendered the spring toilets impossible. At the unveiling of the Beethoven monument in the Beethoven piatz, at ten o'clock in the morning, the sun shone, and a goodly crowd filled the adjoining streets and the windows of surrounding houses. The «li-W ^ppietles :~*i YVieauijs iJ»e =chief : musicians, were allpresent, and the Arch duke Carl Ludwig appeared for the Em peror, ytbo was prevented form taking part ill tile ceremony owing to slight in disposition. . The following week their Majesties went to Budapest, and the social world followed them- Pesth is one of the moat delightful cities of Austria in the spring months, especially during race week. Hungarian noblemen own the finest horses, in the empire, and during the races the Hungarian ladies hold a second carnival It is dance, dance, dance from night to morning, and drive to the races after matinee breakfasts, A party of young people, among- whom I -had the honor of being chaperone, decided to go down the Danube by steamer, instead of taking the train to PeBth. They were going to visit friends during race week, and con.seqnen.tly were full of joyous anticipations and innumerable plans for the coming carniva!.. It was a perfect May 'morning, a veil of rosy haze, not yet lit tip with sunlight, hung over the Mid lands, of the Prater and almost hid ir-Jiu our view the heights of the Kahlenberg, as we sailed between the green, bunks, of the Danube canal to Simmering, at which place we found the steamer fop Budajfest. At Simmering we sec the ish»v' --f fc'bau. which, in 1809, served Hapoleon as a rallying point for his army, after his de feat in the battle of Aspern, the small village which lies behind the island. It is hero that he crossed the Danube and fortified the surrounding banks (remains of that fort are still found), until he gained strength to. cross the stream a second time and regain his lost laurels by defeating the Austrians at Wagram.. On the right bank of the river, a little below Sinv.i.ering, is the site of the Turktah camp, where Soliman pitched his tent in his tii st siege of Vienna. There was If t'e of interest until we reached Hai''i r ;, unless the Castlo of Count O.to Tr.un with its 365 windows, could b} caliid so. It looked more like a glass Ii -use, as vo passed it in the morning SL.nl ght, than a castle inhabited by hum^n beings. At Deutchalfr-nburg we caught sight of an old Roman rotunda, the remains of Roman baths, and a very old Gothic church in the centre of a graveyard of past centuries. Hamburg, situated upon the end of the Leithagebirge, with Tlieb.111 on a spur of the small Carpathians, f.»rmB the Porta Hungaricaj through which the Danube flows into the land of Hungary. It is o\\\e of the most ancient towns on the river. History declares it to be of Celtic origin, and later, with Deutchaltcnburg and Pctronel), it became the B/)man Carnatuna. Upon the wpjded hill which rises beside the. present town are the superb ruins of the Roman Acropolis, baths and anti^u^ies of great value, among them an altar found on the terrace of the Acropolis placed there! by Marcus Aurelius in 178, are exhibited to visitors. We saw nothing, however, beyond the Acropolis, and remains of the. walls, for Hainburg was once a walled city, and be low the town on a grassy promontory the column raised to the memory of the Roman Emperor Probus, whose soldiers planted the first grapevine in Panonia. In this old city, if we can believe the ' Nibelungenlied,' Konig Etzel, the Attija of history spent a. night on his way to fight Queen Chrimhilda, and we are told that a portrait of this great hero is carved over one of the gates of the city. The ruins of Castle Rothelstein, and a magnificent castle built for Prince Eugene of Savoy, were qnicklv passed as our steamer neaved the spot where the river March joins the Danube at the foot of the steep rocky promontory upon wliich the celebrated ruins of Thcban stand. By what mysterious force were building materials ever raised to that height ? We are assured that it was built by the Selaves in the sixth century, and by them named Dewina, gunofbaumjubeg. Five hundred years later it came into the hands of the Hungarian family of Btith oiy, and soon after into that of the Palflys, A romantic love story clings to these dark-grey walls A gay young knight loved and carried off a lady. Her parents commanded him to give her up ; he refused, of. course, and thu castle was blockaded. This blockade was. continued until starvation, prevented further- resist ance. Then the lovers intuited *?- the summit of the great towur which vis s on the extreme point of the rocky irnuon tory. and clasped in each other's arms sprang into, the Danube. It is the most frightful leap imaginable ; we fairly shuddered as we looked up to the dark rujn of this tower, still standing like a sentinel on the verge of the now green hill-side. My young companions had not ceased speaking of this legend when the city of Pressburg came in sight, the ruins of i.ts old castle, like an overturned tea table, rising high above the town. It was in this castle that Marie Theresa presented her infant Josef to the Magyar magnates, and caused that memorable scene in which they drew their swords shouting, ' We will die for our Kin ' !' This castle was destroyed by fire in 1811. Pressburg, iike Hainburg, is of Celtic origin, and was formerly called Wratislawburgenv, but was conquered and secured by the Hungarians, Blathias Corvinus often held court here, and after the Turks took possession of Of en, Presshurg became the crowning city of Hungarian kings. It has sustained many sieges during the wars in the early history of Hungary, but never passed out of Magyar hands after they won it from the Celts and Sclaves. After leaving Pressburg the scenery on the river became quite Hungarian, and strangely similar to that of the Upper Mississippi. The woods on the banks were greener than thoBe we had left oa the Austrian shore, and from under the furred osiers flinging the stream long, flat boats glided out to the river. They were rowed by peasants in broad-brimmed hats and long blue aprons like a dress skirt ; one would have thought them women except for the long mustachios with waxed ends, and their dark-blue cloth jackets, with large silver buttons in bunches of three, front and back, and on shoulders and hips. Further down the river were little mills for grinding the grain brought by these peasant boats. They are small, bam-like buildings, on the veiy edge of the bank, over the water, sometimes ; indeed, raised above the water itself and connected with the kind by a boat bridge. The wheels that turn these mills are gigantic, seemingly as large as the mill itself. They turn very elo wjy, and rise - but of thp \f AteW tlieu The mill ^wlujerdrippii^^vitii diamonds, W^ch in Jthe goJdonBunflet shine ! ; 3J Ilis ?ire sailed past Roab ;awe caught ^ % glimpse «|;!-St ^SMatfou Sir MartiiiBburg, the celebrated . Benedictine abbey, built 4?y Stefan the JJcJyf -,-t -Onjsr,aE She iyoxing UidjesofoMr party had visited the cou vent and-gavo us a ihanning dEseriptiou of an ivory altar there, carved in the year 997, containing f(,picU-rial history of the life of .Christ. This church also contains priestly vestments ftom tlie t|ine of Stefan L, A.J-. 1O0Q, g,nd his wedding mantle of white satin, embroidered in pearl and silver thread ; also the throne-like seat he occupied in the choir whenever he, visited this church- Qu.r ateainer soon reached BJomorn, which .since the time of ftlathias Corviuus has, been the most important fortress of Hungary. One glance was enough to convince ono that it was im-- pi ©enable. It lias never been taken. On either side of the town small grassy promontories run out into the river like protecting arms, and these are but as outer co verings to the fortress walls, the greeen, banks presenting a row of cannon. From this portion of the river the journey was most interesting until we reached Grau, and here the whole town, which was ouce a fortress, seemed now all cathedral. It was certainly a magnificent building, and as we steamed towards it late in the afternoon*, the windows blazing with rays of the setting sun, the gilded croiss of the dome flashing in light, it seemed a palace not nude wit:i hands, but a£ if let down upon gorgeous sunsut clouds from heaven, The cathedral is modelled from St. Peter's in Rome, and was thirty-five years in building. It stands on a rocky plateau far abuve the river, and this plateau slopes in grassy terraces to the banks of the stream. It is said to contain many superb paintings and altars, and Canova's tomb to the Archduke Ambrosius, Primate of Hungary, stands in the Stefan.s chapel. Adjoining the cathplral is the Arch bishop's palace, the seminary buildings, with library and picture galli r-y, and a largo extent of ga; den, ths high walls of which shut out the bea ty of those classic shades from thi» curious obsei'vers. It was for- the consecration of this cathedral that the Ma-stro F;a,nz Liszt wrote the 'Graner Mass,' one of his finest com positions. Aftar leaving Grau the Danube flows between high wooded hills and roc y promontories. Upon these banks are a few ancient villages romantically situated in little bays and curves of the river, but nothing especially worthy of interest until the weird ghastly ruins of Visigrad were defined against the deip grey clouds, floating above the rocky hill side from which this castle rises. Visigrad, the high castle, is of Sclavonic origin, and was the EtztUburg of the ' Nibelun genlied.' It has played a, promiheiit part in the history of Hungary. It was the favorite summer house of Hungarian Kings, and Mathais Corvinus expended such sums upon it that the foreign am bassadors at liis o jurt were bewildered by its beautv, and the Papal Legate named it ' E: r h's Pa adise.' It was here that Carl - f A.ijo'i, chosen King of Hungary in 13)7, held his sunerb tournaments and f s ivals. Like Tl eban and many othe uistit! ruins in Hungary, Visigrad ha? h rriblo legends connected with it, and the ghosts of two women are said uj wander about its towers, one a princess, the ct.:or a peasant. I give these legcui s. as they were to!d t- me while sailing under the gloomy towers, the quijt stars looking down and the moonlight sti earn ing tnrou^h broken arches, an-l silvering the rugged stones of thj mighty ruin abovts us. The story of Larty Clara, the daughter of Felician Zach, U the saddest of ull tragedies. She was the favorite maid of honor of Queen Emma, wife of Kjig Robert of ttunsrary. She was lovt d by L.idislaws' of Po'an I, ilu i.ro he.- o the Quueu. S,ie di-t not return Jus lnvc-, but through an evil intrigue of the Q -een was deceived by the Prince and sent back to her father disgraced,, for Lndisl -ws re fused to marry her. Her fa her aiid brothers discovering that she had been betrayed determined to be revenged on the royal fainiiy. One day, as they sat at table,. Felicion and his sons rushed upon them with drawn swordp, and al though held back by the attendants they succeeded in slightly wounding the King and cutting off three of the Queen's fingers. For this attempted assassination the greyheaded father and his sons were instantly executed, and the unfortunate Clara, fastened to the heels of a wild horse, met a frightful d.'ath. The other legend relates to t e unkni^htly behavior of Matliiaa Corvnius. Disgused eft. a huntsman he won the Heart of Vilma, a luvely peasant girl,, who, lived on the ba,nks of the Danube, opposite Visigrad. He used to row across the river to her every evening, and premised to marry her as soon as he could gain the King's consent to their union. At last the young girl, driven to suspicion and doubt by the hints and repeated assertions of her com panions, that it was the King himself who was her lover, determined to cross the river, although he had forbidden her ever to do so, and herself gain the permission of the great King, Mathias, to her marriage with his forester. As she was admitted to the festival hall, where he tat surrounded by loi-ds and ladies, she imme diately recognised her lover in the person of the King. Shrieking with wild laughter, she rushed upon him, crying 'out, ' Tuy bride, Mathias, lias come to the wedding,' then to the musicians, ' Now play us a Csardas !' She caught the King by the arm, and raising her hand to Ins face pro nounced a most frightful curse upon him. and his house, then with the swiftness of the wind she rushed across the hall and sprang through the open window over the parapet into the Danube 200 feet below. The King left his favorite castle that very day. and never returned to it again. The old Soliman tower, six stories high, that stands lower down on the bank of the river, is so called because in the twelth century Prince Solimau was imprisoned here for a year and a-half by his cousin, King Lazlo I\T. , against whom he had rebelled. In 1520, Sultan Soliman conquered Visigrad, and it became a stronghold of the Turks until Duke Carl of Lothringen in 1084 freed Hungary for ever from these barbarians. It was too dark before we reached Waitzen, the next point of interest on the river, to see very much of the city, except its church-towers and the outlines of its houses. It was one of the largest of the Rowan settle ments in Panonia, and remains of Roman acqueducts, with monuments dedicated to Mars and Venns, are numerous. A tablet on one of these columns tells us it was the headquarters of the Second Roman Legion. The lovely isle, Mar garet, where Princess Margit, daughter of Bela IV., raised a convent, seemed only a mass of waving trees as we passed it in the moonlight ; a few twinkled ^^ipA^l^h^totc^^^: form no idea tiIJ^i^i%*nd liheijeatijy of its .convent tuiiw 'until we saw them on the following wornine in the sunlight, 3?ith itlie whole Island 3ike^ -'^gardBn-ijQT ' delight,' as the Turks called it, floating on the blue -waters. ^Theiiighia ; of MOfen On our, right and Budapest on our: left were welcome enough, for nothing is more tedious timn Bailing ilong an unknown Btream in the evening ; one trieB to see every object, and everyUiiiig looks alike in tlie darkness. Carriage awaited us upon landing at Ofen, and an hour later my young ladies, in the most bewitching' of spring toilets, were waltzing at a soittEB dassamk, while I sat watching them from tlie adjoining eaJon, and listening t-- the delightful tuufcio of the«igany (Gypsy) band. OCTAVJA HlSNSEL 