THE CONFERENCE. \--#--. The representatives appointed by the two Houses met in the library at half- past 7 o'clock in the evening There were present Council meiuberc-Mesara Cuthbert, Reid, Jenner, Balfour, and Lorimer, and Dca Hearn and Dobson Assembly members Messrs Berry, Vale, Wrixon, Ramsay Nimmo, and Hall, and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. Mr CUTHBERT said as far as he could understand the views of the Council and turns u the position from reading the debate which took place in the Assembly the previous night, the members of the Assembly were impr used with the idea that the points, at issue between the Assembly and the Cain cil were narrowed down to three. Mr VALE-lour. j Mr CUIilLLltr-Substantially three sons voting on the amendment seemed to have been influenced to some extent by the remarks made by some of the speakers that BO for as those three points were concerned, there would be an inclination on the part of the Council to accept the views of the Assembly in regard to those three points The Coup is as a Council, had not been con- Bulli. jTfith reference to the holding of the conference, but certain members of the Council had expressed individual opinions in connexion with those three points, and there BCtmoedto be a unanimity of opinion amongst those gentlemen who were consulted, that, so far as regards those three important questions namely, the reduction of the members' qualification, the non insist auco at this juncture on having two Ministers of the Crown in the Council, and the holding of the elections on one day in order to do away with the objection that had been rated as to place' voting he said that, as to those three 3 important questions, the gentlemen who had been appointed by the Council thought, so far as they were concerned, and so far as they could read the views of the Council, that, if nothing else was required to ensure the settlement of this great question, they would be prepared to modify their views in deference to the VICE of the Assembly. But if a new point was to be brought in, one that was not even contemplated during lam ii 'lit a debate, then the representatives of the Council will be in tins difficulty, namely that any further reduction in the franchise beyond the very great and liberal' concession already made would, if no, need to by us not be endorsed by the Council' As to the three points at issue, Mr Berry admitted at the last conference that it is desirable that any Government should be represented by re possible Ministers in the Council, and the other represent those of the Assembly at the conference concurred with theClncf Secretory Although the Cab net in the r message formally insisted on the retention of that clause, they intimated they were quite willing to OL reo to a modification of the claim They expected, after the promise made by Mr Berry, that that portion of the message would have received some reply, and that some reason would have been given for non-com chance with the request contained therein However, he believed Mr Berry had promised that if he was in power next session he would try to give effect to the promise made at the conference and the representatives of the Council would be prepared to rely on any resolution passed by this conference recognising that promise As to the qualification of members, the Council were prepared to meet the views of the Assembly, and reduce it from £100 to £100 As to the third point also, the Council were prepared to yield But what was the use of all these concessions if a fourth point, namely, a further reduction of the franchise, was to be insisted upon, and to become a stumbling block in the way of a settlement The Council considered they had made very great reductions indeed in the franchise In Una country there were great facilities for persons to become freeholders, by means of building societies and liberal land laws Mr BERRY said he was extremely sorry there was any difference of opinion as to the understanding, arrived at in the Assembly last night. He had hoped that there would be no debate at this conference, but simply the ratifying of the agreement which had the apparent concurrence of 75 members of the Assembly Hecleirlj understood there were four po use, including . the three admitted by Mr Cuthbert, the fourth point being the reduction of the franchise for occupiers from £25 to £20, which was not a very great one That point was as much part of the arrangement as the other three The leader of the Opposition, Mr Murray Smith, spoke to him last night, and in order that there should be no mistake, handed him a paper containing the four points, viz , the con insistance on two Ministers in the Court of the reduction of the member's qualification to £100 the holding of the electrons on one day, and the reduction of the span chise for leaseholders said occupiers to £20 There was no difference made between the first three points and the fourth, time document was simply handed to him as the understanding on which they might have a settlement He handed it back to Mr Murray Smith, and said, " that is quite correct," for it was according to what he had been saying during the evening. He had assisted as much on the fourth point as any other-not in a speech certainly, but in the negotiations, and he believed Mr Murray Smith would bear out what he said. Dr DOBSON understood that the qualification of electors was mentioned as a free point Mr BERRY Some of the other Ministers had said that it was to be considered as a free point-a point that was to be insisted upon, paid obtained if possible, but which was not in the same category as the other three The fact that Mr Patterson at least admitted that he understood it to be a free point, would preclude the Government from calling upon gentlemen in the Assembly (unless they did it voluntarily on the Opposition side to re- gard it in the same light as the other three. He regretted tina misunderstanding exceed chiefly, because he hoped that the final settlement would be so cordial that it would go a long was to make up for what some thought were too large concessions He agreed with what Mr Cuthbert had said with regard to the other three points The Government were quite willing to stand by the statement they made respecting two Ministers in the Council by passing a special measure next session. he did not think, however, that he had been fairly treated in this matter, either in the message that came down from the Council or by Mr Cuthbert that night It was said that he (Mr Berry) made a distinct promise on the subject at the last conference, but the truth was that it was only mentioned in the introductory business, and be agreed with Sir Charles Sladen that it was very desirable to have the Ministry properly represented in the Council It was never stated that the matters ouldbeintroduccd in the amendments to the big", and as a matter of fact that conference broke up without anything having been done It was not, therefore, fair to insinuate that he had made a promise, and had failed to keep it afterwards He simply said he was willing to bring in some measure by which the object desired would be accomplished, but not in the way proposed in the Council s amendment His view was that there were too few Ministers for the departments, and that the time was come for h time" two additional Bl maters, paid his idea was to bring in a his" increase the number from 9 to 11, providing, at the same time that two of the Ministers naming the offices they would hold, should be members of the Council only, and that members of the Assembly should not be elie, his for those positions, the object of this proviso being to prevent an increase of Mr asters in the Assembly, and to leave it optional with the Council to accept the part folios or not With regard to the remainder standing on the franchise he had a suggestion to make He noticed that there were two amendments dealing with that particular question-one with regard to lease holders and the other to occupying tenants, the qualification for both been entered at £25 IN suggestion then was that the proposed reduction to £20 should apply only to leaseholders, leaving 927 the qualification for occupjuV tenants line would be a very small concession, and it is what be the means of bringing about an arm able settlement Dr D CARN-That would make a treble distinction Mr BERRY-Yes Mr CUTHBERT-You regard the lease border, then, as a more valuable citizen than a mere occupier Mr BERRY-No, if I took my own choice I would prefer the occupying tenant, but I mentioned the leaseholders, as I thought the suggestion would then be more likely to be accepted Mr BALFOUR.-If that is the only difference, I would be willing to accept the sugges- ton Mr CUTHBERT asked if the representatives of the Assembly would consent to alter amendment 26, relative to the leasehold qualification, so that " five' instead often' years should be made the term of leases mentioned i Mr. BERRY declined to introduce new matter. Mr WRIXON said there was a strong feeling in the Assembly that some concessions should be made in the matter of leaseholders. Members there had been returned with instructions to get the ratepayers' roll as an all-round qualification, and they had departed from that so far as to agree to £10 and £20 voters. It certainly would have a satisfy- ing effect on the Assembly, and on the country generally, if the Council would make a ama)' further concession on this point, say £10 for freeholders and £20 for leaseholders and occupiers Dr. DOBSON.-That is more than Mr. Berry asks. Mr. BERRY -Yes, but I quite agree with what Mr. Wrixon says, and feel strongly that a large number of members in the Assembly, oven on the Opposition side of the House, understood that the £23 qualification would be reduced fo £20 for both leaseholders and occupiers. I scarce exceedingly the misunderstanding, and now see that there ought to have been an exchange of ideas on the subject in writing. Mr WRIXON was simply putting a case for the consideration of the Council. He certainly was not aware that the qualification of electors was a point that was to be insisted on. It was not openly stated in the Assembly OF a particular in the basis of agreement Would not the Council, however, think it wise to make the concession asked for, as by doing so they would allay the feelings of a considerable portion of the Assembly ' Even those who voted for the conference were not all satisfied with the franchise proposed by the Council. Mr. REID.-Tho point was publicly mentioned in my hearing Mr. WRIXON.-The feel ng in the Assembly, however, was that they would not have the measure lost on such a po at, but that the Council, in granting their request, would only make a reasonable concession. Mr. LORIMER desired a further explana- tion of Mr. Bent's suggestion Mr. BERRY said he had understood that the Council would reduce their proposed qualification for leaseholders and occupiers from £23 to £20, so that the franchise would be £10 for freeholders and £20 for al' non freeholders, whether leaseholders or occupiers When he heard Mr. Cuthbert say that this was not the idea of the Council, and that it was not one of the points the 75 members in the Assembly who voted for the conference had in their minds, be suggested that, Suppose this objection was insisted on, there might be a way by which a modification could be accepted. There were two distinct amendments in the bl", one relating to lease holders and the other to occupying tenants, Dud he therefore suggested that the £3 re auction, if it could not be obtained for both, might be secured for one-for the lease- holders. Mr LORIMER-I do not think there would be any insuperable difficulty in arriving at an agreement on that basis fair BRYAN O'LOGHLEN said it was authoritatively stated to him that the four points mentioned would be open for discussion at the conference, and going on that information he made the same statement privately to members of the Assembly, Mr. L L Smith had no information to the same effect, and he said to the House that the Council would most probably agree to a reduction of the higher franchise from £23 to £20, but that he could not bind the Council to that proposition. Mr. RAMSAY said he was very particular in making his statement on the previous night to the Assembly. He was most careful to go no further than what he believed the Council would concede, and he made no allusion whatever to a reduction of the franchise. His own view on the franchise was well known, for he had been a member of a Government which proposed £10 for free- holders and £20 for leaseholders, jet he had no authority for saying the Council were likely to agree to an alteration of that kind. He confined his remarks in the Assembly to three propositions, which he felt sure would be carried, and which would end the long and weary struggle these points being the omission of the clause for two Ministers in the Council, the reduction of the qualifica- tion of members from £150 to £100, and the holding of the elections on one day, so as to reduce plurality of voting to a minimum He did not to DR the members of the Legislative Assembly should be held responsible for any conversations which took place in the House. Mr NIMMO said that he had all along been under the impression that a reduction would be made in the franchise. It was a very serious matter as affecting the electors in his district If the franchise of £10 and £23 were adopted, 1,012 of the ratepayers in his district would be deprived of votes for the Legislative Council The simple concession of £3 for leaseholders and occupiers would modify the difficulty somewhat, and would have on additional 452 votes to Emerald by". At the last election he went direct for the ratepayers roll both for electors and members of the Council, and if that had been agreed to 1,573 persons in Emerald hill' would have had v oteB. He thought the Council would recognise that a very great deal had been conceded by the Assembly in giving? up the ratepayers' roll and offering to accept a £10 and a £23 franchise Mr CUTHBERT inquired what difference Mr. Berry's proposal would make in the number of electors ! Mr. NIMMO replied that he could not tell, because in the returns asked for by Sir Charles Sladen no distinction was made between leaseholders and occupiers. Mr. CUTHBERT.-Would the proposal make much difference in the voting power? Mr. VALE did not think so. There were no means of ascertaining at present. He was aware that when Mr. Ramsay spoke on the previous evening between 8 and 9 o'clock only three subjects were specified. But there had not been such a night of excitement in the Legislative Assembly for many years past as on the previous night, and the business terminated at 1 o'clock with a vote of which was perfectly unexampled in the history of the Assembly Up to within a short time of that vote being taken a large number of hon members were in a state of uncertainty as to the course they should take, and a large number were guided in their final vote by the understanding that a concession would be made to £20 in the franchise. In the cold fields districts it was well-known that a large portion of the most intelligent men lived in buildings which were rated at very low amounts, and these would be disqualified from voting by the £23 franchise. In towns, too, that amount would materially affect the satisfaction with which this settlement of the question would be received. There was no disputing the fact that a number of intelligent men, either on small farmer in their homes, such as miners and artisans, would be shut out from voting by this great" difference in the franchise and at the earliest opportunity after the passing of the bill they would be pressing for a further reduction. He felt that a settlement with a franchise of £10 and £20 would ensure a cessation of the reform question for a considerable number of years, and that a settlement on that basis would be a wise concession both for prudence and peace. fair BRYAN O'LOGHLEN endorsed the opinions of the Attorney-General He thought n £20 franchise for leaseholders and occupiers would be a satisfactory settlement both for the members of the Assembly and the country, and would stop reform agitation for the next quarter of a century. If the franchise were left at £23 he was afraid that at the next general election, or at the one after that, an agitation would be again begun to get a £10 franchise all round. Dr HEARN pointed out that if the franchise were fixed at £20, there was no reason why the men who were rated at £18 or £19 should not commence an agitation to get votes The line must be drawn somewhere, and whatever the line was, those who bordered upon it would be dissatisfied. It was out of the question to suppose that the Council would now reduce the franchise materially. In fact he thought there would be a great difficulty in getting the members of that Chamber to accept Mr. Berry's pro posed' The Council had previously determined that they had gone to the lowest possible sum, that £23 was the extreme limit to which they could go, and he did not think they would depart from that determination On the matter of the franchise, it seemed to him that the members of the Council had decisively and conclusively made up their minds On the other points they had not Spoken with the same distinctness and emphasis, and they therefore felt them selves at liberty, and glad to be able to make concessions with respect to them. He would feel a great difficulty in suggesting to the Council the very slightest deviation, even of a halfpenny, from the proposed franchise The matter Proposed by Mr. Berry seemed, however, to be SO infinitesimal and microscopical Mr. BERRY I think, on further consideration, it would be so. I will not press it I don't think it would be of any use unless it were to apply to the occupier. Mr. CUTHBERT.-It would not affect 1,000 votes Dr HEARN did not think that it would. He would be glad if the franchise were taken exactly as it was in the bar, and the Council would then assent to the three other pro- posers. Mr. WRIXON said it had been reported that one reason why the Council refused to go any lower than £25 was because they did not know whether that amount would be accepted as final and definite. Mr. LORIMER -The report is not correct. We were not actuated by that motive. Mr WRIXON-If any further concession is made it will absolutely Bottle the matter Dr HEARN said the Council did not wish to make any further concessions in the matter of the franchise He did not say that there was any magic in £25 or £10 but they fixed upon those sums as the 1 met to which they would go, and COUCCSBIOOB would have to be in a different direction from that Sir Charles Sladen he knew, held views of a very strong character on the subject of the franchise, and those views were the principal reasons for his not being present at the confer- ence that evening With respect to the two Ministers of the Crown in the Council he (Dr Hearn) thought some arrangement of that character should be made They never would and the two Houses working in proper harmony until the Count was brought within the legitimate influence of political control He was not, however prepared to insist upon that point the fact that the Council I wero will as to make the concessions which had been indicted showed a strong desire on their part to come to terms These concessions were not illiberal and he did hope that the members of the Assembly wou d Eee their way to accept the proposals made and to leave the franchise as it stood The evils of plural voting had been spoken of but he did not think the members of the Council wished to be considered as having committed themselves to any expression of opinion about it Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN remarked that the members of the Assembly did not look upon a £20 franchise as having any magic in it but they considered that there was too large a distinction between £10 and As to the two Ministers in the Council he and his friends thought it was a matter of practice which should be adhered to but that there should be no legislative enactment controlling it Mr BALFOUR did not think, however willing the conference might be that they could carry in the Council a further reduction of the franchise He would remind hon gentlemen that a person rated at 225 in the country was entitled to sit in the shire coun- veil and also to have two votes for the shire council so that people had a desire to be rated at 225 Mr CU roBeRT As he understood the matter the representatives of the Legisla- tive Council were prepared practically to concede all the Assembly asked last evening As to lessees rated at £20 a year having a vote Mr H Rill -I withdrew that Mr COI ULI lil -1 hen it came to this Would the Assembly receive at the hands of the Council the concessions the latter was prepared to make on the three cardinal 1 ointB mentioned in Mr Ramsay's speech the previous evening' As to the question of the ranch is the representatives of the Council had all BIIOVVH pretty clearly that no matter what their individual views might be they world not be able to carry in the Council any reduction It would therefore be better to leave that out of consideration altogether Mr W RIXON thought the representatives of the Assembly should do their best to got this reduction but that they should not jeopardise the bl" Mr NIMMO was rather astonished that the Council adhered to the £20 There was a general understanding not only in the Assembly but in the country that the Council would take £20 The Council having made such great concessions he thought that very small matter might be conceded also Mr CUTHBERT assured the hon. gentleman that no one had any right to say on behalf the Council that that body was willing to go as low as £20 the whole tenor of the different debates showed that if there was one point the Council was determined to adhere to with tenacity it was that of the franchise The freeholders were reduced from 250 to £10 as a treat concession from a desire to meet Mr Berry a views Mr HALL was certainly under the impression he had heard it mentioned that the Council were willing to concede a reduction from 23 to £20 The qualification for members of shire council was £20 not 52 as just stated Mr CUTHBERT-Yes £20 Mr HAI L really thought the Council might give way on this point Dr DOrSON-Did the hon gentleman wish the Council to give way on every point' 1 the Council had done nothing but give way from first to last and no at the last moment they were asked to (give something more Why should they be asked to retreat from position after position simply at the dictation of the Assembly ' Cot a not the represen- tives of the Assembly be satisfied with being able to say they had got very valuable concessions and had been unable to gain any more' They could even c " itanmatp'mont though for his part he thought the people were so sick of the matter that the ghost of reform would be laid for the next 10 years Mr REID said he had always been in favour of a much lower reduction of the franchise than that spoken of now but he thought it was almost impossible to get the Cot need to accept £20 as the amount Mr Bent having promised to deal by bl" next Session with the matter of two Ministers for the Council the Council ought to take that as a concession and try and met the AB Assembly with regard to the franchise Mr VALE Then the position is this the Council declines to concede the reduction from 23 to £20 It is not that we give it up but it is refused to the Council Dr HEARN-That is it Mr BERRY Could not the reduction to £20 be included in the amendments on the understanding that a division to determine the matter should be taken on it in the Council. The conference might say that it was not binding but that they would do their very best to induce the Council to accept it Dr nEARly -Members of the conference could not be expected to vote for it having expressed very strong opinions on the point Of course they would take a decision on it if Mr Berry listed Mr BERRY thought that the representatives of the Council excepting Dr Hearn would not be averse to the £20 me know that Mr Cuthbert proposed that in the last conference himself (Laughter ) Mr CU ROBERT -That was the only mistake I made I was called over the coals to such an extent for it that I had to to over to the views of the majority Mr LORIMER submitted that the matter could be settled that night on more favourable terms than at any future time He would urge that it be settled now on the terms that were practicable If they went back to the Council DOing they had not succeeded in getting the concession anticipated by non members on reading that morning a news) papers members of the Council might withdraw and refuse the concessions they were now willing to make If the conference broke up now, a settlement would be as far off as ever Mr BERRY-I hen the offer to have the point decided by a division in the Legislative Council has declined ? Mr CUI HBERT was afraid it would not be attended with any good result He was quite sure that a majority of the Council I would be in favour of keeping the qualification of occupiers and leaseholders at £20 It would be much better to settle the matter now Did Mr Bony think it advisable to further prolong the discussion? Mr British -No But he had thought it necessary to make the request He felt much stronger than he had spoken on this subject because he was not inclined to speak beat" thoroughly tired of the subject (Hear hear ) But it was only for a wh 'e to" he got a ) title rest It was one of those little things in which there was now seem Mai of the gentlemen sent ing there would agree with him a few years hence He did want the good sense of the Council tested but he would not insist on it Mr VALE enumerated the points aged upon As to the date of elections Borne day would have to be C'ledin in the schedule The alteration of the schedule would have to be done by Governors message in which he would cover any verbal inaccuracies Dr DOBSON suggested that the election day should be in the middle of the week the first or second Thursday in September August being a wet month Mr VALE agreed to that Dr HEARN Then the matter is settled except as regards technical arrangements Mr VJVLE- Yes The conference then separated 