BLIND BLACK TOM. A correspondent has called our attention to tbe following interesting article in AU the Year Sound of October 18,1802, and we have much pleasure in reproducing it:— Some time in the year 1850, a tobacco planter in Southern Georgia (Ferry H. Oliver is his name) bought a little negro woman with some other field-hands. She was stout, tough-muscled, willing, promised to be a remunerative servant; her baby, however, a boy a few months old, was only thrown in as a make-weight to the bargain, or rather, because Mr. Oliver would not consent to separate mother and child. Charity only could have induced him to take the piccaninny, in fact, for he was a lump of black flesh, born blind, and with the vacant grin of idiocy, they thought, already stamped on his face. The two slaves were purchased, I believe, from a trader: it has been impossible, therefore, for me to ascertain where Tom was born, or when. Georgia field-hands are not accurate as Jews in preserving their genealogy; they do not anticipate a Messiah. A white man, you know, has that vague hope unconsciously latent in him that he is or shall give birth to the great man of his race, a helper, a provider for the world's hunger: so be grows jealous with his blood; tbe dead grandfather may have presaged the possible son; besides, it is a debt he owes to this coming Saul to tell him whence he came. There are some classes, free and slave, out of whom society has crushed this hope; tbey have no clan, no family names among them, therefore. This idiot boy, chosen by God to be anointed with the holy chrism, is only " Tom"—" Blind Tom" they call him in all the Southern States, with a kind cadence always, being proud and foad of him; and yet nothing but Tom? That is pitiful. Just a mushioom growth—unkinned, unexpected, not hoped for, for generations, owning no name to purity and honour and give away when he is dead. His mother—at work to-day in the Oliver plantations, can never comprehend why her boy is famous; this gift of Goa to him means nothing to her. Nothing to him, either, which is saddest of all; he is unconscious, wears his crown as an idiot might. Whose fault is that ? Deeper than slavery the evil lies. Mr. Oliver did his duty well to the boy, being an observant ana thoroughly kind master. The plantation was large, heartsome, faced the sun, swarmed with little black urchins, with plenty to eat, and nothing to do. All that Tom required, as he fattened out of bo; hood into manhood, was room in which to be warm, on the grass patch, or by the kitchen fires, to be stupid, flabby, sleepy—kicked and petted alternately by the other hands. He had a habit of crawling up to the porches and verandahs of the mansion, and squatting there in the sun, waiting for a kind word or touch from those who went in and out. He seldom failed to receive it. Southerners know nothing of the physical shiver of aversion with which even some Abolitionists of tbe North touch the negro; so lorn, through his very helplessness came to be a sort of pet in the family, a playmate, occasionally, of Mr. Oliver's own infant children. The boy, creeping about day after day in the hot light, was as repugnant an object as the lizards in the neighbouring swamp, and promised to be of as little use to his master. He was of the lowest negro type, from which only field-hands can be made —coal-black, with protruding heels, the ape-jaw, blubber-lips, constantly open, tbe sightless eyes closed, and the head thrown far back on tbe shoulders, lying on the back, in fact, a habitwhich he still retains, and which adds to the imbecile character of the face. Until be was seven years of age, Tom was regarded on the plantation as an idiot, not unjustly; for at the present time bis judgment and reason rank but as that of a child four yeans old. He showed a dog-like affection for some members of the household— a son of Mr. Oliver's especially—and a keen, nervotis sensitiveness to the slightest blame or praise from them—possessed, too, a low, animal irritability of temper, giving way to inarticulate yelps of passion when provoked. This is all, so far; we find no other outgrowth of intellect or soul from the boy; just the same record as that of thousands of imbecile negro children. Generations of heathendom and slavery have dredged the inherited brains and temperaments of such children tolerably clean of all traces of power or purity—palsied tbe brain, brutalised the nature. Tom apparently fared no better than his fellows. It was not until 1857 that phenomenal powers latent in tbe boy were suddenly developed, which stamped him tbe anomaly be is to-day. One night, some time in the summer of that year, Mr. Oliver'a family were awakened by the sound of music in the drawing-room—not only the Eimple airs, but the most difficult exercises usually played by his daughters were repeated again and again, the touch of the musician being timid, but singularly true and delicate. Going down, they found Tom, who had been left asleep in the hall, seated at the piano, in an ecstacy of delight, breaking out at the end of each successful fugue into shouts of laughter, kicking his heels and clapping his hands. This was the first time he had touched the piano. Naturally, Tom became a nine days' wonder on the plantation. He was brought in as an afterdinner's amusement; visitors asked for him as the show of the place. There was hardly a realization, however, in the minds of those who heard him of how deep the cause for wonder lay. Tbe planters' wives and daughters of the neighbourhood were not people who would be apt to comprehend musio as a science, or use it as language; they only saw in the little negro, therefore, a remarkable facility for repeating the airs they drummed on their pianos—in a different manner from theirs, it is true—which bewildered them. They noticed, too, that however the child's fingers fell on the keys, cadences followed, broken, wandering, yet of startling beauty and pathos. The house- servants, looking in through the open doors at the little black figure perched up before the instrument, while unknown wild harmony drifted through the evening air, had a better conception of him. He was possessed; some ghost spoke through him—which is a fair enough definition of genius for ft Georgian slave to offer. Mr. Oliver being indulgent, Tom was allowed to have constant access to the piano; In truth, he could not live without it; when deprived of music now, actual physical debility followed; the gnawing Something had found its food at last. No attempt, however, was made to give him any scientific musical teaching; nor—I wish it distinctly borne in mind—has he ever at any time received such instruction. The planter began to wonder what kind of a creature this was which he had bought;, flesh and soul. In what part of the unsightly babycarcase bad been stowed away these old airs, forgotten by every one else, and some of them ntver beard by the child but once, bat which he bow reproduced, every note intsct, and with whatever quirk or quiddity of style belonged to tie person who originally had sung or played tl em ? Stranger still, the harmonies which he hsd never heard, bad learned from no man; the sloggish breath of the old house, being enchanted, grew into quaint and delicate whims of music, never the same, changing every day. Kever glad: uncertain, sad minors always, vexing the content of the hearer—one inarticulate, ui answered question of pain in all, making them one. Even the vulgarest listener was troubled, bsrdly knowing why—bow sad Tom's music -nas! At last the time came when the door was to be opened, when some listener, not vulgar, recognising the child as God made him, induced his master to remove him from the plantation. Something onght to be done for him: the world ought not to be cheated of this pleasure—besides, the money that could be made! So, Mr. Oliver, with a kindly feeling for Tom, proud, too, ef this agreeable monster which his plantation had grown, and sensible that it was a more fruitful source of revenue than tobacco-fields, set out with the boy, literally to seek their fortune. The first exhibition of him was given, I think, in Savannah, Georgia ; thence he was taken to Charleston, Bichmond; thence, to all the prin* ciptJ cities and towns in the Southern States. This was in 1858. From that time until the present, Tom bad lived constantly an open life, jetted, feted, his real talent befogged by exaggeration, and so pampered and coddled that one might suppose the only purpose was to corrupt and wear it out. For these reasons this statement is purposely guarded, and restricted to plain known facts. No sooner had Tom been brought before the public than the pretensions put forward by his master commanded tbe scrotin; of both scientific and musical sceptics. His capacities were subjected to rigorous tests. Fortunately for the boy: for so tried, harshly it is true, yet skilfully, they not only bore the trial, but acknowledged the touch as skilful; every day new powers were developed, until he reached his limit, beyond which it is not probable he will ever pass. That limit, however, establishes him as an anomaly in musical science. Fhysically, and in animal temperament, this negro ranks next to the lowest Guinea type ; with strong appetites and grosi bodily health— except in one particular, which will be mentioned hereafter. In the every-day apparent intellect, in reason or judgment, he is but one degree above an idiot—incapable of comprehending the simplest conversation on ordinary topicB —amused or enraged with trifles, such as would affect a child of three years old. On the other side, his affections are alive, even vehement, delicate in their instinct as a dog's or an infant's ; he will detect the step of any one dear to him in a crowd, and will burst into tears if not kindly spoken to. His memory is so accurate that be can repeat, witbont the loss of a syllable, a discoqrse of fifteen minutes in length, of which he does not understand a word. Songs, too. in Frencb or Geiman, after a single bearing he readers not only literally in words, but in notes, style, aud txpreesion. His voice, however, is discordant, and of small compass. In mnsic, this boy of twelve years old, born blind, nttcrlv ignorant of a note, ignorant of every pbase of so-called, musical science, interprets severely classical composers with a clearness of conce{£ion in which he excels, and a skill in ma-hnum equal to our secondrate artists. His conourte usually include any themes selected by the audieuoe from tbe higher grades of ffalian or German opera. His comprehension of the meaning of music, as a prophetic or historical voice which few souls utter, and fewer understand, is clear and vivid; he renders it thus, with whatever mastery of the mere material part he may possess, fingering, dramatic effects, and so forth; these are but means to him, not an end, as with most artists. One could fancy that Tom was never traitor to the intent or soul of the theme. What God or the Devil meant to say by this or that harmony, what the soul of one man cried aloud to another in it, this boy knows, and is to that a faithful witness. His deaf uninstructed soul has never been tampered with by art- critics who know the body well enough of music, but nothing of the living creature within. The world is full of these vulgar souls that palter with eternal Nature and the eternal Arte, blind to the Word who dwells among us therein. Tom, or tho demon in Tom, is not one of them. With regard to bis command of the instrument, two points have been equally noted by musicians ; tbe unusual frequency of occurrence of tours die force in his playing, and the scientific precision of his manner of touch. For example, in a progression of augmented chords, bis mode of fingering is invariably that of the schools; not that which would seem most natural to a blind child, never taught to place a finger. Even when seated with his " back to tbe piano," and made to play in that position (a favourite feat in bis concerto), the touch is always scientifically accurate. The peculiar power which Tom possesses, however, is one which requires no scientific knowledge of music in his audience to appreciate. Placed at the instrument with any musician, he plays a perfect bass accompaniment to the treble of music heard for the first time as he plags. Then, taking tbe seat vacated by the other performer, he instantly gives tbe entire piece, intact in brilliancy and symmetry, not a note lost or misplaced. The selections of music by which this power of Tom's was tested, two yesrs ago, were sometimes fourteen and sixteen, pages in length; on one occasion, at an exhibition at the White House, after a long concert, he was tried with two pieces; one, thirteen; the other, twenty pages long, and was successful. We know of no parallel case to this in musical hiBtory. Grimm tells us, as one of the moBt remarkable manifestations of Mozart's infant genius, that at the age of nine he was required to give an accompaniment to an aria fehich he had never heard before, and without notes. There were false accords in the first attempt, he acknowledged; but the second was pure. When the music to which Tom plays second is strictly classical, he sometimes balks for an instant in passages; to do otherwise would argue a creative power equal to that of the master composers ; but when any cbordant harmony runs through it (on which the glowing negro soul can seize, you know), there are no " false accords," as with the infant Mozart. I wish to draw especial attention to this power of the boy, not only because it is, so far as I know, unmatched in "the development of any musical talent, but because, considered in the contest of his entire intellectual structure, it involves a curious problem. The mere repetition of music heard but once, even when, as in Tom's case, it is given with such incredible fidelity, and after tbe lapse of years, demands only a command of mechanical skill, and an abnormal condition of the power of memory; but to play second to music never beard or seen, infers the comprehension of the full drift of the symphony in its current—a capacity to create, in short. Tet such attempts as Tom has made to dictate music for publication do not sustain any suph inference. They are only a few light marches, galops, and the like, simple and plaintive enough, tut with easily detected traces of remembered harmonies. Very different from tbe strange, weird improvisations of every day; one would fancy that the mere attempt to bring this mysterious genius within him in bodily presence before the onter world, woke, too, tbe idiotic nature to utter its reproachful, unable cry. Nor is this tbe only bar by which poor Tom's soul is put in mind of its foul prison. After any too prolonged effort, such as those I have alluded to, bis whole bodily frame gives way, and a complete exhaustion of the brain follows, accompanied with epileptic spasms. The trial at tbe White House, mentioned before, was successful, but was followed by dsys of illness. Being a slave, Tom never was taken into a Free State; for the same reason his master refused advantageous offers from European managers. Tbe highest point North in which his concerts were given, were Baltimore and the npper Virginia towns. I beard him some time in 1860- He remained a week or two in the towns, playing every night. The concerts were unique enough. They were given in a great barn of a room, gaudy with hot soot, stained frescoes, chandeliers, and walls plotched with gilt. Tbe audience was large, alwayB; such as a provincial town affords. Not thepureat bench of musical criticism before which to bring poor Tom! Beaux and belles, sifting of old country families, whose grandfathers trapped and traded and married with the Indians—the savage thickening of whose blood told itself in high-cheek bones, flashing jewellery, champagne bibbing, a comprehension of tbe tom-tom music of schottischeB and polkas; money-made men and their wives, cooped up by respectability; taking concerts when they were given in town, taking the White Sulphur or Cape May in summer, taking beef for dinner, taking the pork-trade in winter—toute la vie en programme; the debris of a town, the roughs, tbe boys, school-children. The stage was broad, planked, with a drop-curtain behind—subject the Doge Marrying the Sea, I believe ; in front, a piano and chair. Presently, Mr. Oliver, a good-natured looking man (one thought of that), cfeme forward, leading and codxing along a little black boy, dressed in white linen, a little black boy somewhat fat and stubborn in build. Tom was not in a good humour that night; the evening before be had refused to play altogether; so bis master perspired anxiously before he could get him placed in rule before the audience, and repeat his own little speech, which sounded like a Georgia after-dinner gossip. The boy's bead, as I said, rested on Lis back, his mouth wide open constantly; his great blubber lips and shining teeth, therefore, were all you saw when he faced you. He required to be petted and bought, like any other weak-minded child. The concert was a mixture of music, whining, coaxing, and promised candy and cake. He seated himself at last before the piano, a fall half-yard distant, stretching oat his arms foil length, like an ape clawing for food; his feet, when not on the pedals, twisting incessantly, he answering some joke of-his master's with a loud, "Yha! yha!" Nothing indexes the brain like tbe laugh ; thiB was idiotic. " Now, Tom, boy, something we like from Verdi Verdi." Tbe head fell further back, tbe claws began to work, and those of the composer's harmonies which you wonld have chosen as the purest expressions of passion began to float through the room. Selections from Weber, Beethoven, and others whom I hive forgotten, followed. At tbe close of each piece, Tom, without waiting for the audience would applaud himself violently, kicking, pounding his hands together, turning always to his master for the approving pat on the. bead. Songs, recitations such as I have described, filled up tbe first part of tbe evening; then a musician from the audience went up on the stage to put the boy's powers to the final test. Songs and intricate symphonies were given, which it was most improbable tbe boy could ever nave heard; he remained standing, utterly motionless, until they were finished, and for a moment or two after; then, seating himself, gave them without tbe break of a note. Others followed more difficult, in which be played the bass, accompanied in tbe manner I have described, repeating instantly the treble. The child looked dull and wearied through this part of the trial, and his master perceiving it, announced the exhibition closed, when tbe musician (who was a citizen of the town, by the way) drew out a thick roll of score, which he explained to be a fantasia of bis ownTcomposition, never published. ZZ^Z^flH " This it was impossible the boy could have heard; there could be no trick of memory in this, and on this trial,'' triumphantly, " Tom would fail." The manuscript was some fourteen pages long—variations on an inanimate theme. Mr. Oliver refused to submit tbe boy's brain to so cruel a test; some of the audience even interfered, but the musician insisted, and took his place. Tom sat beside him—his head rolling nervously from side to side—struck the opening cadence, and then from the first note to the last, gave the secondo triumphantly. Jumping np, he fairly shoved the man from his seat, and proceeded to play the treble with more brilliancy and power than its composer. When he struck the last octave, be sprang up, yelling with delight. "Urn's got him, massa urn's got him!" cheering and rolling about the stage. The cheers of the audience—for the boys especially did not wait to clap—excited him the more. It was an hour before, his master could qniet his hysteric agitation. That feature of tbe concert which was the most painful, I have not tonched upon. The moments when his master was talking, and Tom was left to himself, when a weary despair seemed to settle down on the distorted face, and the stubby little black fingers, wandering over tbe kejs, spoke for Tom's own caged soul within. Never, by any chance, a merry childish laugh of mnsic in the broken cadenoes; tender or wild, a defiant outcry, a tired sigh breaking down into silence—whatever wearied voice it took, the same bitter, hopeless soul spoke through all. " Bless me, even me, also, O my Father !*' A something that took all tbe pain and pathos of tbe world into its weak, pitiful cry. Some beautiful caged spirit, one could not but know, straggled for breath under that brutal form and idiotic btaiu. I wonder when it will le tree'. Nor in .his life; the bars are too heavy. But (do yon hate the moril to a story 'i) in our own hsck alley there are spiri's as beautiful, caged in forms»b bestial, that you could, set free if you would. Don't call it bad taste in me to speak for them. You know they are more to be pitied than Tom—for tbey are dumb. 