Dc. T.,;.:u. - An English exclhange states thaIt Dr. T'aunner has cleared over L£27,000 by lhis tremendous experiment, or nearly £680 a day for the forty days ho lived on cold water and fresh air. Ho betted heavily both directly and by agents and won the bets, received about £10,000 from visitors, who paid for admission to his house, sold photographs representing him in various stages of cadarerous nugline~s, and more than £200J for the signa:ure recom mending'nrarious commoditie.. It i- rather suprising then that the univerd:. of Ohio and the state of Ohio each maie him hand omeu pre""nts; still more Espri-ing 1i i1 that a late firm enagad in the iranufacure of condensed fool ihou!d have v·en him over £8000 apparently for doing hi- best to show Lthat any kind of fo- was a sup 3'auo luaury. Tax P.ub.Cie or .- B *TL or~ AL'; co-rr .-B- order of the ordn ma -or a paro. ing 100 Let long and 'j feet deep has been hung in tile Guildiha!. The picure, which contains uowards of 1-0') fiures, is a repreJenta.ion of thllebati'l of Ag?~sj-r and was pa?n.d hby Sir Roben Ker Porte' wiien nineteen years o'i a-e, and was about the vtar 181i preented by him "o the corporauon of the ei.- of London. I; ha~s eaionallvy been utiiii' as a sareen a, ihe 5arion Houe, -here ie has ben n di- ~ite? among-t other ci vic linumber, but o-.= to its immense size it was found nec'sa'y :s cut it into three ssclions. As it i impors-ib!e to find pa'e for the i'ic:ure ;in h~ :ire:y. a committee has been enpoint?e to csn.sir the ad'visabiiTy of mounting and re:,cring it.-English rater. Tas oers- *r.n-.nse *Lc PoszR: From one noi of o i v- 'ai migh on termei the iadios pa: of tiew--the mosT interemsng man in Rome is she Dae ofa Gallse,e .who is an even more s-.nc; examp!e sihan ToDionia of ;be vanrty of human wishus. The Duke's name is Hardoun, and he was born in a milla=e in the south of France-, whenc as a a rgant of cavalry, he came in -ne army of occu pation to Rome. He happenep to be quartered in the Paluazzo Alt-ems, in the comut of which he .was daily to be seen grooming his horse. While 'us engaged he used to be obs rves and admired by the owner of the palazzo, the mididle-a-g-ed Countess Alemp, who thonugh it a pity that so fine-looking a young elloew nhould be a mere French servan. Tender re lations soon began between .he two, but how co~ld she marry an uncommi--sioned othcer ? Wpman's ingenuiy, however, soon found a way out of the difnicty. eong with ' 'rious properties, the Countees inherited sev-ral titles which sleemed des tined to die with her, as she had no child ren. Her wealth and social position made her influentialat the Vatican, and the good natured Pius IX was ever ready- to oblige his friends. He was induced, therefore, to bestow, one of these titles upon the lucky Hardoun, who lost no time in marrying his patroness. It soon appeared that fortune had only begun to smile upoci him, for ere long his wife died in childbirth, leaving a ion who lived just long enough to inherit his mother's property ani&pass; it on to his father. Here was now tlhe -newly made duke enormously rich, still young, and as handsome as eVer; only a wife after his own heart was necessary to complete his happiness, and for this he had not far to seek. Young, beautiful, and of good fimily, the new duchess of course smootlhed her husband's path in society, which, at the worst, would not have been too rough; for though quitse uneducated, the duke was not without tact anid'good sense. But this com plete happiness was not destined to last long, for, after a few years, the duchess was suddenly stricken with madness. Her monomania consisted in believing herself pursued by the ghost of her predecessor, seeing herself everywhere followed by a woman with a dead child in her arms, who vows destruction to her and her children. Frequently she has escaped from her house and hurried through the streets of Rome towards the Tiber, ever crying, " my child r n s! ?v children 1" FEAJU:FUL COLLOSlOX.- oss o0 250 Ewme esaxTS.-A fearful shipping disaster occur red at Spczzia on 24th November. The steamer Ortigia, belonging to the Florio Company, came into collision with the French Messageries boat Oncle Joseph, coming from Naples, and sank the French ship almost immediately. She had on board 264 passengers, 33 sailors, and 800 tons of merchandise. Only 85 passengers, of whom four are injured, and 23 of the crew have answered the roll-call. The rest, it is feared, including the commander, Captain Lacombe, have all perished. The passengers consisted exclusively of Italian emigrants bound to Leghorn, where they were to have embarked for the River Plate. Spectators of the collision relate the most distressing scenes. The Ortigia, much damaged, has since arrived at Leghorn, and an inquiry into the circumstances attending tile dreadful disaster has already been opened. The following details are fur nished by the first mate of the Ortigia, who was on the look-out at the time of the collision. Seeing a single light hoisted mast- hligh about a kilometre ahead, he deemed it the light of a merchant vessel, and gave the order to turn the ship's head to the right, expecting the supposed mer chlantman to do the same. The Oncle Joseph, on the contrary, veered round to the left, till, seeing the Ortigia bearing down upon her, she ported ablout, describing a semicircle, and exposing he?? flank. The first mate of the Ortigia then gave the order to back, but it was too late. Her prow drove in the side of the Oncle Joseph as if it had been a nutshell. The shock brought on deck tie crew and passengers of the Ortigia, which now became the scene of the wildest confusion, for, imagining that they were sinking, the passengers tried to leap into the boats as these were lowered to rescue the drowning emigrants. Very different was the scene on board the Oneile Joseph. Few indeed of the sleepers in the hlold and cabins had time to rush up the hlatchway before the vessel sank, plunging them into that sleep that knows no wakling. Such as came to the surface were picked up by the crew of the Ortigia, and restoratives were applied to them. Two were wounded, one having his arm broken and his head severely battered. Those who witnessed the catastrophe describe it as terribly im pressive from its suddenness. Hardly a cry brokle the silence of tihe starlit night, and but for the swirl of the waves as they closed over the spot where the Onclo Joseph had vanished, they 'might hlave deemed themselves mocked by the momentary apparition of some phantom shlip. GLADSTOzNoE's ACCoI'cIISIIeIIsTes. - Mr. Gladstoneo is a wonderful man, and without him we should be a company without a leader, an army without a general. His capzcitv for work is enormous ara his breadth and zauad cy oua f i.'o.ton i nmar?e?oTn. He wi go ona a C ip.omtfic miion, say to .1e lon'an !!hn?, aFm spe~akg theJ~re ill add~ress his Hezre=- -i-h the p~uest of nmod-rn Gre'l. Th-E croTm n -the Ahdie to Venice or Rome he ,il meet thEre iome _lean 1 andx17. n in e m=o , lEru Ptailian nhow an i-nate anowle.ge and appreci:ion of the whole field of Lain litermure. He may dei-oe :eto sm ne of clas c manru- isp; and i, up o pearl nveriooked by other workers in the Li nue of :h.- Cmars. Perhaps prc ee~i g on o Berlin he w-il stop and be ,ree-ared to address every man he meuds in the lan-',uze Iof "he Faerifzd, and while en route :o England a sop at Prai. weod enabl!e himo o mee-t the liit-.irateurs and -c~ien?i c men of the French capital. an di Lu- s the,. specia.i s wri;. them in hi- o own bautniful "uo'e. Armiving at home he wonid he nsherod into the "a' of cnhairman at a lecTure oC -'me exlpn, say on "ceramics," and after an hour's alk on old and new c~i.na, the venerable prei3ing oncer wc~d r .e anda corret any lkiae inaurac of the I S-eaker, and add from ihis own fund of informanon a flool of ht on dis-puted poin;_. Lea-ing a his he could attend a re~-pon :o Dr. Schliemann, who after an intmee'g talk- on the tomb of A"amemnon wouid fin?d in Gladstone one w-ho would canz on the topnic and add a wealth of haowledge whoch would suromes even the sncali?. And then as a wind- up he wodld go into the House of Commons and pend five hours in a speech on the budget, ampih'ying his remartk with a mass of statistics on every branch of political economy. He would go into any question of foreign policr, and sustain every position by agumnent founded on wide and exact imnoledge. He would do a dozen thin"gs, any one of which would make the reputation of any man, and yet after all I have said I can say that I have not touched upon his f,'r--cookery! He is chief of chiefs. He can broil a chicken even better than he can treat a Greek participle, and can mix a salad even better than he can confound an opposing logician. You will recall that seve ral have had tilts with himin the Commons, and they came out of the tussel so altered, *changed, turned inside out, that I doubt very much whether their mothers would have known them. Think of that series of Scotch talks, masterpieces every one of them! Hle is a wonderfulman, and his death would be a national calamity to Great Britain. Interview with Dr. Parker of London. THI?E BOIAUD InOmIu DESTR?OuER.--At the hall of the chamber of manufactures in Adelaide there may (according to the Observer) be seen an apparatus intended to save labour in sulphuring vineyards affected with oidium. The trouble and uncertainty attending the application of sulphur in a wet state or when the vines are damp with dew led Mir. Bourbaud to invent the present appliance, which consists of a flat pan about.a foot in diameter with perpendicular sides about two inches high at the top part aia descending td half an inch on the lower side. This is covered with a sheet of glass. Witlhin this pan is another smaller one containing an admixtture of stick sulphur and iron filings, and in the sides of the out side pan are two apertures for the escape of the sulphurous fumes. The pans are to be placed in the vineyard at the rate of about sixteen to the acre with the lower side to the north. As all the iron is black it absorbs a deal of heat, and the sulphur begins to give off vapour at about 85 deg., so that on a very hot day the amount given off would be considerable. The uncertainties attending the application of sulphur are thus done away with, and the expense is reduced to a minimum, since a boy has been employed to shift the pans from one part to another. The sulphur too is not wasted, and a pan of the material will last a long time. As LMPROVED CuaUN.-According to the American Agriculturist, "a new churn has lately been produced by the Vermont Farm Machine Company, which for simplicity and easy working has not been equalled so far. Something of the same kind was we believe shown at the Philadelphia centennial exhibition; but it was not so easy to work, nor did it produce butter so quickly as the later invention known as Dario's swing churn. This churn consists of a rectangu lar box with circular ends, suspended by iron rods from an ordinary double X frame. The interior of the box is entirely free from mechanism, and the necessary agitation is produced by the gentle motion of the box backwards and forwards, which causes the cream to be thrown first against one end and then againet the opposite one. The labour required to keep up the necessary agitation of the contents of the box is very slight, and the butter it is said comes much more rapidly than by the use of any other churn which has yet been introduced to the public." CouRAoEC NECESARY TO SUCoEss.-AS the St. Louis Journil of Commerce pertinently says, a great deal of talent is lost in the world for the want of a little courage. Every day sends to the grave a number of obscure men, who have only remained in obscurity because their timidity has pre vented them frbm making a first effort, and who, if they could have been induced to begin, would in all probability have gone great lengths in fame. The fact is, to do anything in the world worth doing, we must not stand back shivering and thinking of the cold and danger, but just jump in and scramble through as well as we can. It will not do to be perpetually calculating risks and adjusting nice chances. It did very well longbefore the flood, where a man could support his friends upon an intended publication for a hundred and fifty years, and then live to see its success afterward. But at present a man waits and doubts, and hesitates, and consults his brother, and his uncle, and Ihis particulsr friends, until one day he finds he is sixty years of age; then he has lost so much time in consulting his first cousin and particular friends, that he has no time to follow their advice. h Touou~o STonY.-A rare example of constancy, courage, and devotion combined has just been furnished by a brave young woman born and bred in a remote hamlet of the Vosges. Mlarie Hagart, this heroine in humbl.e lifo, badoe adieu to her husband some months since, and saw him start for the great city of Paris in the hope ofobtain ing employment there. But almost upon his arri\lal in the capital he fell ill, and e-sin rwithout eihr funds or friends, was taken to the IicHvital dela Pitie. Thenews of his illne-;s reachel the hamlet where his -wife ived, in course of time, and the latter, Sli~nin-- o-iy ro athenronptin-gs of her heart, det?-_'un- e .tojoin hur sick husband at0 once. She .as utery destitute. Totravel byrail, h ,ror -a out of the question; so she tan-e on fo.: -with a baby in her arms, just two fr_-es in h pnocket, and a journey of one hnsdredi and three leagues before her. Braing h4dships of every description, sleedig b- the rcadside or in the fields, and liing on what scraps she could obtain on the way. she pressed onward nothing dauned for the city where her husband lay -sick. She losf her way several times, her coing was in rags, her shoes were gone, bu; her courage remained undiminished, untdl -5e time when, footsore and weary, she found herself at Charetin. where she -aink down in the street overcome by her uferi~gs, exhaustedn from want of food, exclaiming fainth'" 3Ion Dieun, I can go no fi"-er." MIother and child were conveyed Sthe police- station, revived, warmed, and aen.ed, after which the poor woman re laed in a few words her touching story, seeImn?Il astonished that those who lihsene"d o her should have been moved to express -ympathy for her conduct. Kindly persons offered the young woman the assist ance and shelter her forlorn position re quired, but her absorbing thought was to obtain news of the man for whom she had travelled so far. The police commissary undertook to satisfy her on this point, and a few hours later she learned that he whom she had travelled so many leagues to see had expired in the hospital ward twenty-four hours before her arrival.-Evening Stand ard. Uv'rr.Ls.-TtsI peasant0 ox uyprus is cuv s Tantalus, who thirsts in the midst of running waters, and we, though we hold he cup in our hand, cannot give him a irink. s-The island suffers periodically from a drought which may be called devastating, or in the years of scanty rainfall whole tracts of fertile earth yield absolutely no crop at all, or so small a crop as not to outweigh the seed that was put into the ground and the labour that was expended upon it. In these years the people cannot avoid excessive suffering, and they become a charge upon the government, which must advance them seed for sowing the next year, and often must import and distribute corn to avert extensive famine. Nor is the suffering, as a rule, only for the present. In the days of their distress the hands of the usurer falls upon the people, and the prospect of years to come is fatally mortgaged. Two years out of every five, it has been estimated, give bad harvests in Cyprus from scarcity of rain, and yet there is water in abundance throughout the island at no. greater a depth, on an average, than thirty or forty feet beneath the surface. The people have been so poor, so helpless, and neglected, that nowhere has any sufficient organisation of labour or capital been possible for the purpose of bringing into use this ready and plentiful source of relief and wealth. There are spots in the island where the adequate means and enterprise of large proprietors have converted the arid earth into places of perennial greenness and extraordinary fertility through the sinking of wells; but only here and there among the villagers is there any fortunate owner of a well, and such wells as exist are worked by the slow and clumsy device of the Persian wheel. The soil itself of the great plain that runs the length of the island is undoubtedly of marvellous richness, and a scheme of irrigation that would place it beyond the fear of drought is all that is wanted to insure the settled prosperity of the inhabitants and a regular increase of the revenues of the government. It was hoped at one time that private enterprise might be encouraged to enter upon the necessary undertaking. No doubt among whatever impediments have intervened, the change of government, which could not fail to engender uncertainty as to the prospects of our eastern policy, has not been without its effect, and it is possible that such a venture, notwithstanding the favourable prospect of profit which would seem to be assured to it,'may fail to attract private speculation. It can hardly be doubted that the matter, in any circumstances, is one which should engage the serious attention of the government no less in the cause of our successful administration of the island than in the interests of the heavily-burdened peasantry.- -Times. MARRIAGF. IN TlE ?ELESTIAL EMPIRE. Thirty pairs of embroidered slippers are necessary for the ~trousseau of a Chinese lady of position, and herboudoir is crammed with confectionery, dried fruits, burned almonds, barley-sugar, syrup of aloes, oranges, ginger, and shaddocks, all in con fusion with rich silks, jewels of wrought gold and precious stones, rings, bracelets, cases for the nails, bodkins for the hair, and a thousand other charming nick-nackls. In this strange country a young woman when she marries never has a dowry. She is literally purchased either by the husband himself or by his relations. Although she may have no brothers, she cannot inherit any portion of her paternal fortune unless her father makes an express declaration in her favor. Such arrangements are always completed before the marriage, and are usually negotiated by agents, called "Mei jin." The young fiancee is next presented to her husband's parents. The husband himself she never sees until the wedding. day, when she is carried in a closed chair to his house. The key of the chair is handed to the bridegroom, who opens the door, and, if the lady within pleases his taste, he holds out his hand to her; if not, he slams the door, and the engagement is at an end, the girl's parents having the right to retain the purchase-money. MYSTERIES OF Tim SUN.--BefOro passing from the consideration of the sun's heat there is one tlhoughlt which may well for a moment detain us. The emission of solar heat is altogether the most important pro cess, represents altogether the mightiest energies with which we are acquainted from actual observation. The shining of the stars at night speaks indeed of energies compared with which the energy of our sun is but as one unit among hundreds of mil lions. But we have no means of actually measuring the total heat emission of any star, far less of determining the totality of stellar heat and light. Solar heat we can measure, and we knImow of no process which can he for a moment compared lni sun's activity. Indeed, almost ever cess or form of energy with which~ acquainted is a direct product of th energies. Now it is a strange, oen almost cay a fearful, thought, that t1 ducts of this tremendous and coi activity are, according to our way of ing the matter, almost ntterly lo Only one ray out of two millions emittJ the sun falls on the earth; and not than one ray out of more than two thou and thirty millions falls on any 1o planets. All the rest are poured itol star-depths, and serve no useful Dur1o wihich we have (at present, at leasot cognisance whatever. Compared with no instance of apparent waste amons myraids of such instances which s presents to our view seems worthy } thought. Here is the great source of the forms of energy existing on thb e apparently wasted in the proportion of hundred and thirty million lost pra one part utilized. TWhat the telescopel to tell us of the sun is doubtless toleroj well-known to all who will read these ?p They have heard how Galileo, P" and Scheiner detected spots on tho: - of the orb which had for so many sn-:i regarded as free from stain or lele " emblem of celestial purity. From tho ii of these the law of the sun's rotationss gradually determined-a law by no ma! so simple as some imagine. It is one 0of! strangest of all the facts known about I sun that the spots near his equator: carried round in less than twenty-five drt while those farthest from that circle c0 complete their circuits in some twenty.i! days. It is very difficult to picturoe condition of an orb whose equatorial ro.o thus gain three days' rotation-on regioni mid-latitude in a single turning, or cl complete rotation in nine or ten turnic I believe that when we come to regard ! real mass of the sun as lying far withino limits of the globe we see and measure, difficulty will be in a great degree remas., \--The Poetry of Astronomy. FmaEn-rr~cos..--An experiment hab for its object the instantaneous exiutia of a fire without the aid of an engine, u tried recently on a vacant piece of I adjoining the Savoy in the presence, Captain Shaw and several other gentleo:e The results depend upon the application a solution or silicate of sodiurm and o? chemicals, which are dissolved in watrer! certain definite proportions, the solhi:! being applied by means of buckets. test the merits of the invention, a pil interlaced timbers nine feet long, three. wide, and six feet high, and having s apertures packed with straw, was bi Prior to igbition it had six gallonas paraffin and a gallon of heavy petrol: thrown over it. The fire having beenli': and the flames allowed to take good h?oll the timber, about twelve or fourteen gdli of the solntion were thrown over the buroi' pile and instantly extinguished the flamti In the course of about ten minutes bower: they again brokle out afresh asd o" gaining upon the timber, when a kml. application of the solution was made, i:: effectually quenched them, but with a i: expenditure of a largely excessive qu:a'r of the solution. There was however a str;: wind blowing, and this told against experiment, which was consequently inc:: elusive, proving nothing either for or agar the invention. It is however to be repea.: and made comparative, as suggested 1 Captain Shaw, by having two similar pi fired, one being treated with water andt other with the solution,, the liquids bi being applied by means of small engines? EquIn.r?aru.- A minister who after hard day's labour was enjoying a "tei dinner," kept incessantly praising the ha-: and stating that " IMrs. Dunlop at hobi was as fond of ham as he was," when 11 mistress kindly offered to send her tfc present of one. "It's unco kin' o' ye--unra kin'-but I'll no put ye tae the trouble ( sending it; I'll jus' tak' it hame on horse afore me." When, on leavinu , mounted and the ham was put into a sa, some difficulty was experienced in gettingi to fit properly. His inventive genius so0n cut the Gordian knot. "I think, mistre-' a cheese in the ither end wad make a gran balance." The hint was immediately nctei on; and like another John Gilpin he mow away with his "balance true." A~CLENT BRDEGROOaS.--The Right lOnL W.' N. Massey, Mf.P., member for Tiverton. was married recently to Miss Grant, the stepdaughter of his colleague, Sir H. A.I MIory, Bart. The bridegroom is sevecty one years old, and his bride thirty-thrCe years. The Earl of Malmesbury was lnr ried two days previously to Miss Hamilton, daughter of Mr. John Hamilton (formerlti Cross) of, Fyne Court, Somerset. ?hO bride is twenty- four years 4' age, and tlb bridegroom is in his seventy-Idurth year. "Why, Frank i " exclaimed a mother a a summer boarding-house, "I never kaoc you to ask for a second piece of'pie 5 home." "I knew 'twarnut no use," 8id Frankly, as he proceeded with his aie eating. Arrangements are in progress for the issue of a war medal to mark the services o?f officers and men vwho have done duty with thie several columns in Afghanistan.' It hans been decided to grant decorations to all who actually crossed the Indian frontier. One of the New York wholesale dry goods houses has a now clerl whose father, from the country, went in to see him the other day, and was surprised to learn that all tho salesmen had nicknames. He asked the floor-walker why his son was called "July. " 0," was the replyr, "he is always sitting on eases." Drunkenness is spreading so much in Germany that a new measure foritspunishl ment and prevenaion is being prepared for presentation to the imperial parliament. 