THE STORY-TELLER A HIGH-HEELED SHOE. T'COSTINUEiy) The moat was drained. The whole country side, not a very populous district, came to assist. It was not a difficult job, as the house stood at a higher level than, the surrounding ground, and the water from the moat was run off into a large duck-pond near the gardener's cottage. The work was nearly finished toward sundown, and the men went off, leaving the rest of the water still to run. The moat must have been quite empty by midnight. I once mors occupied the state chamber, which, after the second night's disturbance, I had vacated, and I sat up to twoin the morning, awaiting the usual visitation. , The affair came off as heretofore, but with one curious difference. The window was opened ; there was a struggle, j a -shriek, and a heavy fall — but not into the water, obviously because the water was all gone. This made me all the more anxious to inspect the bottom of the moat, and I was de termined to be the first to do so. Very soon j after daylight I was moving, and, having I dressed myself, I hastened to the spot to ex- I plore. The bottom of the moat was in a filthy | condition. Paved with massive blocks of j granite, in which the progress of disintegration j was slow, there had been in all these years but a slight accumulation of muddy detritus or sediment ; but the stone floor was encumbered with a thousand odds and ends, a heteroge neous collection of the most extraordinary j nondescript things. Fragments of crockery and glass; drinking vessels, some of horn, and evidently centuries old ; scraps of various metals ; the carcass of a cat, recently drowned and not yet decomposed — these were what first caught my eye. There would be fine pick ings for mud- grubbers and chiffonnicrs if they might be permitted to sift and search among these newly-exposed treasures. I did not j>ause to turn them over myself, but made for that part of the moat which lay immediately below the window of the state chamber and peered down. What was that lying all of a heap, like a collection of old iron at the door of a rag- and bone-seller's shop? A number of pieces Gf iron evidently, all oxidised and corroded, covered with red rust and a deposit of slimy aqueous lichen. Without delay I clambered down into the moat and began to examine them more closely. They were clearly pieces of old armour, or cuirass, greaves, gauntlets, with a round helmet or morion lying a little apart from the rest. 1 turned over everything one by one, and, to my horror, discovered, within a quantity of human bones, all in ex cellent preservation, each encased still in the armour which had once been their protection against mortal foes. The breast bones were plainly distinguishable inside the cuirass, the thigh- bones were within the greaves, the hands in the gauntlets; worse than all, through the open visor of the morion grinned the still perfect teeth of a ghastly skull. 'These, then,' thought I, 4 are the mortal remains of some poor wretch whom revengeful or other passions have sent thus sebretly, and probably without warning, to his long account. They must be taken up and buried without delay.' Hulloa, master, what are you after down there?' cried, a voice at this moment, and I saw the old gardener above, looking at me with suspicious eyes. 4 Come and see for yourself. You may as well lend a hand. These bones are human hones ' ' I wouldn't touch thera With the end of my j long rake,' he said shuddering. 4 You'd best ( leave 'em alone, too : what call is there for you to meddle or mix with these things ? They ddn't concern you.' < I'H go hail that when these bones are buried there'll be 110 more haunting of the ghost chamber. Come, don't be an old fool. Lay hold ; I'll hand them up to you one by one. Very reluctantly, and grumbling audibly, the gardener received the armour and the bones they encased as I gave them to him. Then I climbed up the stoue counterscarp of the tiioat, arid with bis assistance removed them all to a corner of the garden. Then I, made Hie old man dig a deep hole, and wc consigned them to the earth. A small stone was set to mark th'e spot, in case Miss Masted or any one else might wish to re-open the rude grave. There, Mr. Ducks,' I said with a sigh of relief, that's an end of that business. The Manor House will be no longer worried by ! ghosts.' ' . " j The ghosts never forgive, master,' said tlie j grave-digger gloomily. You may think to j muzzle 'em. and put a stop on 'em here ; but " they're like weede. If they're pulled out of one ! corner, they'll spring up faster in another.' j 'I feel certain, at any rate, that they'll leave the state chamber alone. V Maybe and it 31 not be a day too coon, lint them's a eurse upon the old place, I'm \- you stop here, master, you'll | be troubled by them in some other way. Mark | my words—in some other, worser way.' I . v 7as however, as to the state c camber, I slept in it that same night, and j the next, and still a third, without encounter - the slightest disturbance or annoyance. I Alter this I felt justified in writing, through | my aunt, to advise Miss Maxted of the success I or my operations. In due course, and through the same channel, I received the owner's- ! thanks. But doubts underlay every | line, Misg«Maxted, like her gardener, mis- i trusted the Completeness of the cure. I might . be confident that the Manor House was j purged, but she knew the place better, and feared that manifestations and visitations would crop Up in some other shape and form. The message I received, ended with a sentence which gave me, as I thought, much insight into Miss Maxted's character. Perhaps, as I seemed an amateur in ghost-laying,' she told my aunt, 4 I fnight not mind exercising myself a little longer in the attempt to render the | Manor a habitable house.' Miss Maxted was i clearly chaffing me— making game of me — and I am not sure I was altogether pleased. But the days and nights slipped by without any fresh occurrence. The former I spent at ! my easel in the air ; it was perfect painting | weather, and I had already several pictures i well on towards completion. The latter I passed in the snug dining-room, lazily replete, after Mrs. Duck's toothsome cuisine, and j reading and dozing before the fire. I slept j now always in the state chamber, and retired j early to rest. One day — it was about a fort- j night after the drainage of the moat—as usual I took up my candlestick soon after ten, Dllf. nf flio Anr rrnin a v n+n fV» a nnrri r? r\« ! which, as I have said, margined all these rooms, and led to the foot of the staircase. All along the corridor, it will be remembered, j were windows opening into the central court. I had issued forth a little brusquely, as was my wont; but the moment I was through the door I became conscious that «ome one was watching my movements from the central court. I caught sight — I was nearly positive of it— of a partially veiled faee at the passage window. It was but a momentary glimpse ; directly my eyes rested upon it, it had disap peared. Yet it left a distinct impression en my mind. It could not be mere fancy or imagination. I was perfectly cool and col lected, and I had a clear recollection of what I had seen. The head was enveloped in a white hood or snood, which was drawn aeross the lower features, and concealed them, and indeed most of the face but the eyes. Those I eyes ! as they glittered bright and balefully in I their snowy setting, I fe't certain I had seen f them before. But where ? : I did not waste time in thinking. The whole thing might be a mere trick, and I was r£- - solved not to allow myself to be easily de ceived. I made ail haste into the central court, and, candle in hand, made a close and searching investigation of the place. The light burnt without flickering in the still September air, and illuminated a large area around me as I moved about. But I could see nothing unusual. All was perfectly quiet. There was no one in the court ; no one at least of earthly, ordinary mould— for the notion that I was not really and entirely alone had somehow gradually taken posses sion of me, and it was not without a quickened pulse and a slight tension of the heart-strings that Ire-entered the passage and made for my own room up stairs. As I passed along I still had the feeling that something else — I' could hardly call it some person, for the companionship was of the vague im palpable kind which argued no bodily form ot j existence — was near me all the time. I j seemed, too. as I got to the foot of the stair- j case, to hear a light- pattering of feet upon ! the oaken floor, and the gentle closing of a not very distant door. j On reaching my bedroom I. locked and j bolted the door as usual, and setting down j my lamp, sought to recover my somewhat j shattered self-possession. " . This was an entirely new and unexpected line of attack. ; It was, to my mind, far more weird and ; ghostly than the other, and I was propor- ; tionately the more disturbed. That face with j its quaint dress ; these eyes, where had I seen them before? I sat thinking, thinking with my ears on the stretch for any fresh unusual disturbing sounds, and wondering what strange events the coming night would produce. But the house was quiet and silent as death ; so it continued till long after midnight. After watching intently till well on in the small hours, worn out, but still somewhat- dazed and confused, I turned into bed, and was soon sound asleep. I slept late the next day, and the old gar dener-remarked upon it, as I thought, a little pointedly. Did he know more than he chose to tell ? I questioned him closely, as I had often done before. My efforts were just as fruitless. He positively denied that be or any one he knew of had come to the house : after 10 that night. Why did I ask ? Had j I been disturbed? I would not tell him all, J but I described the quaint head- dress which encircled the face I had seen, and I asked him if he knew of anything like it anywhere. My eagerness for information was intense. 4 Why, master, it's jist that that Lady Dora wears ; you've seen it in her picture in the grcafNianqueting liall.' And then I understood why it was that those eyes of the night before haunted me with their malevolent gaze. - 4 Has her ladyship the character of beiiig at ail uneasy in her grave ?' 1 next asked, in as flippant, off-hand a tone as I could assume. 4 Is she supposed to walk about this house at night?' You don't say you've seen her, master ? Her ?' And the old man clutched my aim j convulsively, looking into in y face with a , mixture of horror and incredulity which con- ciilovahlty imnrPisfiAH ni o,. 4 1 think so ; last night about half- past ten.' 4 Dear, dear, dear! I warned you not to be too cock-sure that you'd done with the ghosts. Oh, master, for the love of Heaven, be careful. I Don't stay in the home, don't ; or if you runs!;, ' keep tc yourself. Don't follow her, don't J meet her, don't t-hwait or anger her, or j He did not finish, hut shambled, married ofi. j leaving me a prey to mixed and siightjy on- coin\or table emotions. i I The lady was much in my thoughts the re- : mainder of .the day.' Would she she w herself ag£iu at night 1 I did not wait to be .startled ; put as soon as the Ducks left the place, which they did as usual at my particular request, I patrolled the centre courtyard for a couple of ! hours, walking in the dark, but haying a | matchbox handy and a candle-end in my ! pocket. But nothing appeared, and about II I went up stairs to bed. Nor was I disturbed j again that night. Next morning the first disagree able impression was already fast | fading away, and I began to think that my fears had been the father of my vision, and I that I had never really seen any Lady Dora', j or any other lady, at all. t But now came, another phase of the i j mystery. Artist- like, I am devoted to flowers, j | Old Ducks humoured me willingly in this, I and kept my room well supplied. The even- ; j ing before, he had brought me an unusually ; !» fine bouquet of roses, which I had myself ar- ! ranged in an old-fashioned vase and placed on a table of my sitting- room. These roses had ; been one of the last things I had looked at and handled before going up to bed the night i before. "When I came1 down stairs I missed j the flowers. Had old Ducks come in and re- | moved them ? I "called out for the old man. j He was not in the kitchen, nor yet was his j wife. Inwardly cursing him for moving the i roses, _I went out to see where he had put j them. I hunted through several rooms, and j discovered them at last in a little boudoir ad- j joining the. state chamber. i 4 Fussy old jackass !' I said to myself, as I i carried them down stairs, 4 why can't he j leave things alone ?' . And I repeated the re- I mark to him directly he came in. \ 4 1 never touched the flowers,' he replied in : I an injured, surly tone. 4 This is the first : | time I've been to the house this morning.' j I 4 Then your wife did.' i ! 4 She's down with the rheumatics, arid ; PQTl'f /lAmn ATTfiV ' I I 4 Who did then?' I asked sharply. j j 4 Ah! who knows? But you must expect j I to fina| more things moved than that — ay, i and worse too— now that she is at her pranks I again, and trapesing up and down this house.' ; There was truth in what the old man said. ! It seemed now as if some especially malicious ; spirit were resolved to worry and annoy me. j I seldom found things of a morning as- 1 had ! left them in the sitting-room the nighf before. Now it was my easel, now my painting ap- ! paratus; on another occasion I tound ail the . books of the library scattered on the floor. I s bore these small vexations stoically for some « time. They did not disturb me greatly, as ; throughout I was never personally visited and ; annoyed. But at .last, as if to goad me to ; desperation, my tormentor took to interfering ; with my work. I was in the habit of often : leaving my canvasses fastened together just ' as I brought them in from nature. I now ; frequently found them undone and hidden in ; out-of-the-way corners. In some instances j the colour was still wet and had been con- j siderably smudged. ' Had this been all I ! might still have borne my troubles with patience. But when ghostly hands presumed j to use my own work palette and brushes to j paint upon my own work, I felt that it was j nearly time for me to leave Maxted Manor, i Yet this actually happened. One night I had j left a carefully- executed sketch of the great j gateway, seen from within, on my easel, and next morning I found a figure — a shadowy female figure in white — interpolated in the attitude of passing out on to the bridge. The figure was not badly painted, be it understood, but it was unnaturally large, and its introduction gave the picture a weird, uncanny effect. Next day another sketch, of the exterior of the house from the lawn, had been similarly tampered with. The same white figure had been introduced, with the same contempt ot proportion, an?, wim tee same bold, flowing handling of the brush. I confess that by this time my feeling was one of exasperation rather than of terror. I began to think that it was time either to un ravel this last mystery or remove myself en tirely from the annoyance which I endured. Only I did not like to beat too hasty a retreat. It would savour of cowardice, and I was no more a prev to this now than before. I de termined before I left the place to make another effort to get at the bottom of the thing. Perhaps I might end this -as I had already done the mystery of the moat. At least I would wateh for a night or two, and try and trace back effects to their cause. The next night, before retiring to my bed room, I first made a careful examination of the central court, as I generally did, and with the sapie negative results. I then entered J and looked carefully through all the rooms on the ground floor ; I tried all doors and windows in them, as well as those in the corridor or passage. I did the same on the first floor. After that I entered my bedroom, set down the light, and went through the form jP 1 - L a J mam T-? ,1 4- I I a rt i r i n Oi lOCKIiiy tue uuui. uuii x uuiuljvcu xu xxx one and the same moment, and left the door a little ajar. Next I put on a pair of list slippers. Then I sat down for half an hour, to await till my enemy was well established upon the theatre of her nightly operations. About midnight I crept stealthily out into the coiridor. I carried no light, arid it was pitch dark, but by this time I knew every inch of my road. I reaehed the top of the large staircase, passed down them into the corridor on the ground floor, and so toward the sitting- room I always used. More than once I stopped and listened. The house was absolutely still and quiet. But now I was abreast of the sitting-room, and once more I paused. It was here that all the mischief had been perpetrated, and this was the spot I especially desired to observe I stood in , front of the door for quite fifteen minutes, as keenly alert as a hare on its form. But the stillness of the night was unbroken, I could not detect the slightest movement inside. In deed, I had all but made up my mind to enter the room and finally set all my doubts at rest, when I became suddenly aware that it was really occupied after all. I never quite understood how this conclusion was borne in upon me. But I know that I heard footsteps within ; more than once I detected a slight 4 hrim ;' last of all there was the unmistake- able grating of a chair as it was pushed across the solid oaken floor. Jfy object now was !e tern the door. handle gently, and peer, unobserved, if possible, iuto the room. was my oulv way of asetain- ! ing whether anyone, and if so, what kind of . a person, was there. I might have been a professional burglar,- I did the trick ,so elo"veriy. I got the door opened quite artisti cally. There was not a rattle or a creak ; every thing seemed to play into my hands. Presently there was room for me to 'get my , head through — aud I looked in.. ; What I saw was not unexpected, yet it startled me considerably. A tall finale figure in white was seated at my easel, lean ing over it and painting busily., I was spell bound for the moment, and could neither go back nor forward. ' How long I should have remained thus it is impossible to imagine. But after a few minutes, perhaps under that strange mes meric influence which conveys to all of us the impression that we are being watched, f.Vip fomflln raised her head suddenly and looked round, I saw the head, with its face half concealed, of Lady Dora Maxted the same which I had seen through the court — the same which I knew by heart by the por- | trait in the great hall. ! She did not give me long to observe her, ; however. The moment oUr eyes met — how ; well I remembered those great, wild, brown eyes ! — she rose to her feet with a startled exclamation, and glided rapidly away. It was a strange but not unearthly shout ; on the contrary, it had a distinctly human in tonation, and was not without a tinge of mockery and laughter. I rushed into the room, and gave chase. All the doors of the room en suite were open — had they been left so purposely? — and the figure on passing tkrongh the first banged it behind her. This gave her the advantage, and increased the dis tance between us. It was the same with the next door, and the next ; still, I was close be- hind her,, and might have eventually over taken her had the race been a little longer. But the last door was that into the turret, with its winding stairs. This she also banged behind her, and I distinctly heard the bolts shot in the lock, accompanied i oy anotner sound, tnac or suppresseaiaugnier. | She was gone. I struck a light -then, tried ; the door, shook it repeatedly, but it with stood all my efforts. I knew that I had failed, yet I was not dissatisfied with my adventure. At least I had driven my tor mentor off the field, even if she had left no trace behind her. No trace? There I was mistaken. The ghost, or whatever she might be, in her hur ried exit, had lost one of her shoes, and there it lay just where she had disappeared — a pretty, dainty, artistically- made, high- heeled shoe. I took it up and examined it closely by the candle- light. It might have been the pro perty of some supernatural personage, but it gave me a very distinct impression that it had just fallen from a human foot. There was nothing shadowy or unsuristantial about it ; it was made of good, honest, purple kid, adorned with a fresh rosette of crimson ribbon, and lined with soft pink silk. That I held in my hand a clue, however, to the mystery of Maxted Manor, I was more and more convinced as I turned over and in spected my high- heeled shoe. It was not till I had carried the shoe up stairs to my room and had made a second in spection that I discovered names and a num ber stamped upon the sole. The names were somewhat blurred, but I made out at length what read like Brogue and Brodequin, 295 New Bond street. Below, at some distance, were the numerals 379663. The names, of course, were those of the makers, the number that of the customer's last. I surely might ascertain from the shosmakers whether this customer was a denizen of this or another world. Full of this idea I walked over to Blueborough next morning and telegraphed to a friend in town to go to Bond street and inquire. If Messrs. Browne and Rrndfinnin mad> anv diffionlf.iae I determined to proceed- to London myself ! andproseeute the search. This accomplished, I breakfasted at the hotel, and then returned j to Maxted, leaving word at the telegraph j office to send me over any message that might arrive. My road back to the Manor House led me past tlie gardener's cottage. As I passed, it occurred to me that I might, perhaps, extract something from old Ducks, and I paused in front of his door. As I did so, I caught sight of a face at the window up-stairs — the face of a young girl, as I thought — but the moment I looked up it disappeared. Ducks was not in, nor wa£ his wife, seemingly. I called to them both, but no one replied. I wa6 turning to leave the cottage, when I heard heavy, clatter ing footsteps descending the stairs. I waited, and presently a young woman entered the kitehen parlour and walked straight up to me. In spite of the heavy brogues which I had heard and now saw, I was fairly taken aback, for I do not remember to have ever met a prettier girl. She was tall and shapely, and had a noble, a strikingly noble and hand- snmp f App wifli hrifrhf'. mirlfl rivmlini nror o rr b vtvji u sunny brow, and large brown eyes full of ex pression. There was breeding in every feature. A lady surely, although so quietly, not to say shabbily dressed. But the plain drab frock of dark homespun fitted her figure perfectly, and the pink ribbons in her hair and at her throat, if faded, were yet arranged with the taste that argued a cultured mind. 4 Pardon me,' I began, raising my hat. I had no idea ' Then she spoke, and all poetry, all senti ment vanished. 4 What's your wull ?' she said, in the sweetest voice, barred by the most atrocious northern burr ; 4 Oi canna help ye, can oi ?' 4 1 was looking lor old Ducks.' 4 Oncle's out ; so's aunt. 4 What's your wull?' 4 How is it I have never seen you before ? Do you always stay here with the Ducks ?' I felt rather disposed to hold her iu conversa tion. 4 Na ; I'm only biding for a wee. Oi'm soon ganging whoam.' She stopped, and, looking j me full in the faee for a moment, said j abruptly : 4 And you'd better be ganging, too. ' You mayn't bide here.' j 4 Well, perhaps you're right; tell your uncle I'll call again. want to speak to mm about something I picked up in the Manor House last night — a shoe. 4 I'll tell hiui 4 A shoe, eh ? What like ? Would it fit me ?' she said, sticking out a foot which seemed enormous iu a coarsely-made, heavy, hob-nailed boot. 4 Hardly, unless ' Somehote I had my suspicions about this ! girl. Her accent did not sqund quite true ; I i thought it varied. She had a ring on one finger. These boots were too obviously ill- fitting. "What if this had been assumed as a disguise? As these thoughts passed rapidly through ray brain, I kept my eyes on hers, ; struck no loss by tlieir beauty tliau by their ' S s. resemblance to another pair I had Been only the night before. It was she who put an end to the pause by once more sang, 'You'd better be ganging,' and pointing with her thumb to the door. Of course I could hot well stay in the cottage, and I could not well tax her with having been a party to the annoyance I had endured at the Manor House — not, at least, without more evidence than I had just then. So I said good bye civilly, and tnrned on my heel. Jnst outside the house I encountered the telegraph boy on a pony. He had just trotted over from Blueborough with my answer. I tore open the yellow envelope and read : 4 Have seen shoemakers ; no difficulty. Three hundred and seventy-nine thousand six hun dred and sixty-three — number of Miss Judith Maxted's last.' ' I knew it ! It was the fair owner herself, who, from a mischievous desire to try my courage, had been haunting the house. More, it was she herself whom I had just seen in the cottage. I hurried back, and, without knocking, hastily lifted the latch and ran in. 4 Who's that? How dare you come in here ?' The voice was the same, but the accent was gone, and I saw my young friend trying hard to conceal something which she held in her left hand. 4 1 beg your pardon, but I came to restore something to its owner,' and I produced the shoe. 4 Your have its fellow there in your left hand. Allow me to present you with your property, Miss Maxted.' She started. 4 I'm not Miss Maxted. My name's Barbara Ducks. What do you mean ?' 4 1 mean that I have found out the whole trick. You have been too hard on me. Now, of course, I shall leave the house.' 4 No, no,' she said, 4 it was only a foolish escapade. I am extremely grateful to you for having put an end to the ghosts in the state chamber, and now I will go away myself, and you will be troubled no more.' To mae a brief conclusion to this long tale, I. may say at once that she did leave Maxted Manor that evening. I stayed on till the end of October. But that winter I renewed my acquaintance with her under pleasanter auspices in London, and the following summer Wfi returned tn the Mannr FTnnoA nndor a new relationship. — Major Abthub Gbiffith. 