THE ABDUCTED. Here Mary turned ghastly pale, started up, and seemed about to speak, but sunk back in her chair (she had been accomodated with a seat), and covering her face with her hands, wept coavul tively for some time. 'Whatever puerile, and feeble explanations the prisoner at the bar may have subsequently trumped up,' continued Serjeant Bellows, 'there can be no doubt in your enlightened and unprejudiced minds, gentlemen of the jury, that the blood that was found on the night-dress and the shawl of the prisoner at the bar, and that betrayed her track across the park, and to the rocks where the muti lated remains were found in her carpet-bag and tin box, was the life- blood of the child that so loved her! — the child of her generous benefactor! — the child of the widow of the brave and noble Beau- desert who fell at Alma— the infant Earl of Beau desert whose death insured her, remember, fifteen thousand pounds. Is not the motive clear as the sun of at noon-day? To your logical minds, gentlemen of the jury, I am certain it must ap pear so; and your verdict must be in accordance with your convictions.' Here an indignant flush suffused the face of Mary, and Charles Linden knitted his brows and seemed about to speak, but checked himsef. 'You must not — you will not care one straw whether the prisoner at the bar is young and beauti ful or old and ugly. You will only, as Christian gentlemen, resolved to do your duty to God and man, consider whether she is guilty or not guilty; and when you have heard the evidence of the witnesses for the prosecution, I feel certain what your verdict will be.' Here Serjeant Bellows, who had worked himself up into a great fume and heat, took out his pocket handkerchief, wiped his face, and seemed about to sit down, when suddenly he broke forth again with the words — 'Pity, gentlemen of the jury, is an amiable feel ing, but there is a pity which is the offspring of injustice and weakness. The object of legitimate pity, in this case, is that noble lady, the bereaved mother — the generous benefactress — the desolate widow, who had none left to comfort her but the noble boy, — the all that remained to her of her be loved husband — and the little foundling girl whom she had so cherished, the adopted daughter whom she had loved as if she had been her own. You will hear from the murdered child's nurse what were the first words of the prisoner when the be reaved mother discovered that her darling was missing. You will hear from, a most reluctant witness, John Mayflower, the under-gardener, of the footsteps in the snow across the park, and the blood that had evidently dripped, as the murder ess hurried along, from the lifeless burthen she carried. You hear from the respected aunt of the Countess of Beaudesert, Mrs. Bussel, of the copy of the will of Mr. Woodhurst which was found hid den under the palliasse of the prisoner's bed, a pin of foreign manufacture — she had been for some years with her noble patroness in the low Countries — being stuck through the codicil containing the clause about the fifteen thousand additional to be paid to her marrying or coming of age, if she sur vived the infant earl, and which pin had been there so long that it was imbedded in verdigris. The same respected lady will tell you of the half- finished letter to her lover, hinting at possibilities that might accelerate their union, and which letter was found in the secret drawer of the prisoner's desk. You will hear of the bewilderment, the stupor, and the suspicious conduct of the prisoner before her committal, and of the finding of the mutilated remains of the murdered child by a widow of the name of Pike, who had not long been in the neighbourhood, where she gained a scanty living by searching for crabs and other shell-fish among the rocks. When you have heard all this, gentlemen of the jury, you will, I think, see as I do, a chain of evidence the most complete that ever bound together murder and detection. My learned brother Mockley will now call the witnesses for the prosecution,' The learned Serjeant sat down panting with fatigue and crimson with excitement. Every eye glanced at the prisoner with horror, which in creased as the witnesses for the prosecution were examined by Mr. Mockley and cross-examined by Quickson, and occasionally by Charles Linden, without one jot or one tittle of the evidence being shaken. John Mayflower could scarcely be induced to make any answer at all, so fearful was he of criminating, in any degree, the poor girl who had been as a daughter to himself and his Phoebe. No coaxing of Mockley 's, no bullying of Bellow's, could elicit from this witness anything but the fact of his having seen some small footsteps all the way up the avenue and across the park, and a track of blood in the same direction. The first little dash of the ludicrous which relieved the gloomy monotony of the proceedings in this trial arose out of the close and bullying cross- examina tion of John Mayflower; for when Mr. Mockley said, ',Newman, my good fellow, you're on your oath. Don't you forget that, if you please,' — John had replied in his broad Samersetshire dialect, — ' Nea, nea, zur; I aint loike to forget, and don't you forget it neithe ; for zure if you bears thatin mind, zur, you won't try to worid and bother I out of my five senses !' Laughter and applause, which was instantly sup pressed by order of the judge, followed this remark John's.' 'Well, then, my good fellow,' resumed Mr. Mockley; 'bearing in mind that you're on your oath, answer me, were those footsteps, to tha best of your belief, those of the prisoner at the bar, or were they not ?' 'Well then, zur,' said John, hitching up his trowsers, scrathing his head, and wiping away a tear with the sleeve of his fustian jacket. ' Well, zur, if I'd zeed them little footsteps on the way to church, or to a poor sick body's cottage, or to any place where Mary, God bless her! could do any one one a good turn, I'd have zworn they wor her'n.' 'Oh! you would, would you?' said Mr.Mockley; come, we're getting at it. They were the size and shape of her foot, were they ?' 'They were, zur; but I've knowed her from her birth, and so have my Pheebe — Lord bless you, zur, she were our foster-child, and if ever there were a angel on earth she's now at that 'ere bar. Rather than shed the blood of my young lord she'd have poured her'n out like water for him; and it's my belief it's all along of the same sperit as sperited Mary away when she wor,a little 'un; and as I said then, I say now, the Ghost of the Blue Chamber is at the bottom of it.' 'This witness, my lord' said Mockley, ' is more than half an idiot; it is waste of time to cross- examine a man who talks about ghosts and goblins.' 'Stand down, sir,' said the judge. ' Zartain sure, your grace,' said John, 'you're measter, and I'll stand down at your orders; but as long as I've breath in my body and a tongue in my head, I'll stand up for Mary, and no offence meant your grace.' The cross-examination proceeded, with. Mrs. Bussel. She was all hate, acrimony, and revenge; but she gave her evidence so clearly, that she was complimented by Serjeant Bellows, and returned. in triumph to her seat, flushed with pride and suc cess. The three witnesses for the prosecution having been examined by Mockley and severely cross- examined by Mr. Linden and Mr. Quickson, the case for the prosecution was complete, and that for the defence commenced. In the midst of a hush and a stillness so com plete that the buzz of a fly was distinctly heard, Charles Linden rose — ghastly pale, trembling violently in every limb, and a cold perspiration bursting out on his noble forehead. He made two or three vain attemps to speak, but at the thought that the life of Mary hung, on his words, a deadly paleness stole over him, and it was only by a Strong effort of will, and a brief, fervent, earnest prayer for help from above, that he was enabled to recover his self-possession. 'He'll make a mull of it, whispered a young barrister to his neighbour; and 'Well, he be a white-livered chap, he be, and a downright muff,' said the gaoler to the policeman. They soon changed their minds, however, when Charles Linden, at first in trembling accents, but in a voice which, strengthening as he proceeded, at length filled the hall with its deep, rich, manly tones, said: — 'My Lord and gentlemen of the jury, forgive me, if, for a moment, the thought of the responsibility of my present position, and a sense of the im mense importance of my advocacy to- day, un nerved me. I wished that the well-known voice of some learned counsellor, whom a long experience and calm vouched eloquence would have given weight to the words, should have been heard in this cause, and from this place instead of mine. But the unhappy young lady at the bar willed it other wise. Quite conscious of the dark and painful array of circumstantial evidence called against her, she said to me - 'You have known me from my infancy, you know that I am incapable of the foul crime imputed to me; and any other coun sellor might believ me quilty even while he did his utmost to to save my life. Do you then plead my case, for conviction is stronger than rhetoric.' I yielded to this argument, gentlemen of the jury, because I cannot but think that the strong and thorough conviction I feel of the prisoner's in nocence must lend persuasion to my tongue and weight to my assertions. Not only do I believe the prisoner at the bar to be innocent of this cruel murder, but I believe her to be the victim of one of the most base conspiracies in the whole annals of crime—a conspiracy which began when, at the age of five or six years, she was kidnapped, as you have heard, from the kind foster-mother, Phoebe Mayflower, wife of the under-gardener att Woodhurst Court, with whom she was placed by her generous and loving benefactress, then . Miss Woodhurst, and now Countess Beaudesert. The conspiracy began then, and has ended in the vile plot that has brought her to this bar!' (Great sensation in the court.) Serjeant Bellows here oberved that no conspiracy could exist without conspirators, and jeeringly hoped that his young and learned brother would inform his lordsaip and the jury whose those con spirators were. 'In due time my lord and gentlemen of the jury said Charges Linden, 'I will name them, and I will gradually unravel the dark and tangled web which has been woven round the unhappy young lady for whom I have the honour to plead. I say young lady,' continued Charles Linden; 'and though my learned brother may sneer, I will make him own, before I have done with him, that the prisoner at the bar, so far from being as he has described her to be, the offspring of guilt and shame, is the legitimate daughter of parents ot ancient birth, and that she is entitled to take a high place among the gentry of the land.' (Intense sensation.) The judge opened his eyes very wide at this, and the wigs met, while their wearers exchanged words of disbelief and wonder. 'The mystery that has hitherto enveloped the birth of this young lady ends to-day - now that all other feelings in the heart of the motherto whom she owes her birth, give way to the thought of the perils that surround her innocent child, and I now proclaim the secret of a life will be revealed in this court, rather than that the prejudice upon which my learned brother has tried to work— the prejudice against what he has called "the base- born offspring of man's guilt and woman's shame.' - — should militate in your minds against the accused and affect your verdict. Another point on which the learned cousel for the prosecution has dwelt will also be disproved by the witnesses I shall call, namely, that the prisoner at the bar passed the plastic season of childhood among the lowest outcasts of society. The very evening of the day of her abduction from her foster-mother's cottage, when she was between five and six years old, Providence enabled her to escape from the mugger woman who had kidnapped her, and who, having ordered her to sit down on the doorstep of a public-house in Westminster, and to stir hand or foot at her peril, got so drunk herself inside the gin-palace that she was riotous and disorderly, and was dragged off by the police to the station. My lord and gentlemen of jury, a young boy passing by saw the lovely for lorn little girl, and being on his way to the house of a respectable woman, who had been his nurse, he led the little lost lamb by the hand to that good woman's home; and there, where all the domestic virtues nestled, the prisoner at tbe bar was sheltered— there her sweet temper, her early piety, and her little helping hands made her the darling of that home; and the excellent woman, to whom she was as a daughter, was often re minded by the heavenly disposition of the little wanderer " that some have entertained angels un awares." My lord and gentlemen of the jury, the boy who found the little girl weeping on the door- step was myself.' (Great excitement, and a murmur of applause.) The jury begin to relax their brows,, and to look with interest on the prisoner.) 'The husband of that good woman who sheltered the lost child is now in court; he has come on foot a hundred miles to bear evidence to the angelic disposition of the accused,and to her pious and excellent conduct in his honest, though humble family, during the years that the counsel for the prosecution has told you that she spent in the haunts of crime and the dens of infamy. It is true she was twice again captured by the same conspirators who kidnapped her in the first in stance, but on one occasion she escaped, after ahe had been a few hours in their clutches, and trust ing herself to a boat on the Thames, was, by that Power whom the winds and waves obey, conveyed in satfety to the home of my uncle, Dr. Linden, of scientific renown— (Applause)— who received, adopted, and educated her till, by a second base maneuver, she was again in the hands of her enemies, but was rescued from them, at the risk of his own life, during a fire at the house to which they had taken her, by the late Earl of Beau desert, than the affianced lover of her benefactress. Loud and long-continued applause having at length been silenced, Charles Linden con tinued- 'Romance, my lord and gentlemen of the jury, has nothing in its annals more interesting than the early history and bair-breadth 'scapes of the prisoner at the bar; and now I shall astonish you still more, for I am about to express an opinion similar to that of the witness John Mayflower, namely, that the Ghost of the Blue Chamber is at the bottom of all this.' (Great sensation, and derisive laughter among the lawyers. The judge looked angry and amazed.) 'My learned brothers will find their ridicule premature, and their mockery misplaced, when I tell them who and what I believe the Ghost of the Blue Chamber to be — and, in short, that he is no ghost at all, but a person who, urged on by mad love and wild ambition, has availed himself of a chance resemblance to the portrait of the murdered and deformed Cavalier in the Blue Chamber at Woodhurst, and of the popular superstition about him, to carry on for many years a plot which, for its daring conception and crafty completiveness of execution, exceeds any I have ever read of in history or romance. Before I proceed to examine the witnesses, who will confirm all I have put forth, I beg to say that I am not at all convinced that the infant Earl of Beaudesert, has actually been murdered!' Here Mary started to her feet with a wild cry of surprise and joy, and catching hold with both hands of the rails of the dock, gazed up at Charles Linden with a face irradiated by hope, while tears gushed from her eyes. Inspector Waters is evidently a poet, although he don't know it. In an objection to the renewal of a licence at the Water Police Court this day (Wednes day), the following lines occurred: — "that she, the said Catherine Ryan, has lately got married to a man named O'Brien, and although her name is now properly O'Brien, she has still kept the license in the name of Ryan." Some weeks ago it was announced in this journal that Mr. Charles W. Readett, solicitor, had issued a writ against Mr. A. H. Jacob, M. P., for libel, claim ing £2000 damages. Mr. Jacob now informs us that immediately upon receipt of the writ he handed it to his solicitor, who made an appearance the next day, but the plaintiff, not having filed his declara tion within the given time, after a week's grace. Mr. Jacob's solicitor signed judgment in his client's favour, including costs. At Newtown Police Court on Wednesday, a transfer of the license held by Francis Martin, of the Queen's Hotel, Enmore-road, was permitted to Michael Corcoran. The license of the White Horse Hotel, Cook's River-road, was transferred to Francisco Mazitelli, from John Egzbeer. Joseph H. Watkin, was granted an auctioneer's license. Domissaint, Rouger, accused of stealing a basket of carpenter's, tools, the property of W. E. Hammond, was com mitted for trial. Spencer Barden was fined 10s for a breach of the Publican's Act. "G.W.S." writes:— "In your issue of Tuesday you justly remark upon the absurdity of putting a double line of rails in Oxford-street. May I ask why the up and down lines cannot be in different streets, and take slightly different routes. Of course the matter being in the hands of the Railway Depart ment, one can understand the august head of that department having no idea on the subject beyond an ordinary line of railway, on which a double line means two pairs of rails running parallel one with the other. From the specimen we have here, it would seem that a railway engine and a railway engineer are equally useful when off their own track." 