POPPLE'S CHRISTMAS . JOURNEY. Poppic stood by the window-si]], Hcv hands were clasped and her feet weve still ; Tired feet, that all the long day Patiently walked in duty's way. One on the other, her hands lay still, As Poppie stood by the window-sill; Stood and gazed, while a great surprise Dawned in the depths of her wide blue eyes. And she shook her curly golden head Till the sunbeams danced on each shining thread, And seemed to be playing hide and seek With the roguish dimples on her check. Poppie was loolcing off at the sky, And her eyes grew wider as she gazed, For over the wave-tops far away The splendid pageant of sunset blazed ; And the waves as they beat on the smooth white sand Glittered like showers of living gems. Or as if the mermaids, in wanton play, Were scattering jewels from their diadems. The far-off waves wore a crown of gold, That sometimes blushed to a rosy red; And the gorgeous couch of the setting sun With dusky glory was garlanded, Ul) in the beautiful evening sky The soft clouds Hushed to a faint warm glow; And further up still they lay at rest, Like the downy flakes of the first pure snow. But Poppie looked at the setting sun On its splendor of glory before her rolled, And she wondered what secret lay beyond Those shining portals of crimson and gold. " I wonder," she thought, " if Santa Claus Lives away in the heart of the sotting sun, Or up with that lovely evening star That its nightly journey has just begun. "And what do they hide—those flaming gates ? What wonders of beauty undreamt of now ? Does the Lord of the Land of Glory walk With the crown of light on His royal brow ? "But. sec, the portals arc folding up, A shadow steals o'er tire face of the deep, The glory has passed away from the sky, And the waves are sobbing themselves to sleep. "Was it a glimpse of heaven I had, As the sun passed by on the other side, O, the gates of glory are far away, ; And the rolling ocean is deep and wide. I " I can hear the sea in its deep unrest, As its great heart heaves, and its white lips moan, Sighing for sorrow over the dead That lie in its caverns so vast and lone. " Do the dead come up in the midnight drear, And walk on the waves, when the sky is black? Is it the trail of their garments white Plashing like light in the vessel's track ? "But now the sky is studded with stars, It is night, the sweet night calm and still; She has come like an angel of peace and love, And has laid her mantle o'er vale and hill. And sleep comes down like a white-winged dove And brushes her pinions o'er weary eyes, And the tired ones lie in her arms to rest, Till the dawn is flushing the eastern skies." Night had settled dark and still, There were whisperings on the hill; Whisperings as of spirit voices, Spirits trooping through the gloom As the breezes troop and whisper. When the flowers begin to bloom. Soft white pinions seemed to flutter, Pinions bathed in star-beams bright; And a nameless sort of tremor Stirred the silence of the night. On it swept, and silence deepen'd, As the angel flight passed by, On it swept, and watching planets Laughed together in the sky. Little stars flashed out, and gladly Earthward shot a slender ray, Where the troop of white-winged angels, Onward kept their silent way. Onward, till they stood together, Long before the dawn of day, In the room, where all unconscious Poppic wrapped in slumber lay. She lay in her beauty, the child of earth, With her white lids sealed, and her warm cheeks red, As the angels marshalled their shining band Around the white-covered dainty bed. And the golden hair took a wondrous gleam— As it shone in the glow of celestial light; And the heavenly visitants paused and gazed With rapturous eyes at the lovely sight. Then they waved their pinions across her face, And deeper and deeper her slumber grew, Till the soul was ready to leave the Old, And pass with its guides to the untried New. And the spiiit-cyes gazed out and around, With a mystic wonder, strange and deep, For liev soul was ready to comprehend The world of myst'ry sacred to sleep-* The beautiful world that we scarcely see, As we tread the dusty highway of life; That world, whose existence we almost forget, In our sordid troubles and angry strife. And all the while as they waved their wings The sweet voiced chorus of angels sang; And the listening air, in a rapture of joy, With the silver music of heaven rang. First Angel. Daughter of mortality, ; Thou art passing fair to see ; 1 Daughter of a world of sin, Would thy freed soul enter in Where the sinless and the pure Best from every pain secure ? Woulds't thou pass the pearly gates Where the high archangel waits? Would'st thou walk the streets of gold View heaven's glories manifold? See the eternal Great White Throne, Pilled by God the All-Good alone ? Second Angel. Would'st thou see in realms of glory, God the Holy Spirit's face, Whence he pours his healing influence On thy lost, benighted race ? Whence he draws by cords of mercy All earth's wandering ones to him; Warms the heart and fires the spirit, "When the eyes are growing dim. Third Angel. Or would'st thou see, O child of earth and sorrow, Him, who thy earth in grief and sorrow trod, The Lamb of God, slain for thine own salva tion, The Man of grief, the Incarnated God ? Him, who was born to lift the world from darkness, Him who unheeded in a manger lay— God's Dove of Peace laid helpless on sin's altar, The spirit of the first glad Christmas Day ? When he was bom an angel host unnumbered Bore to the earth his message of sweet peace; The blessing of that message knows no ending, For God's goodwill to man will never cease. If thou would'st see him, spread thy spirit pinions, Open thy soul-eyes on the unseen world ; See, we will guide thee through yon starry reaches, Covering the blue arch like a flag unfurled. Spirit's Reply. I would pass the pearly portals, • I would tread the streets of gold ; I would see the world eternal Whose foundations stood of old. I(would pluck life's golden fruitage, View its liver rolling free; Breathe the balmy breath of heaven, And its radiant legions see. I would see the good God Father Seated on the great white throne; I would bow me in His presence, Owning He is good alone. I would see the Holy Spirit, Essence pure of fire divine; I would view his radiant splendor, In its own celestial "shrine. I would worship my Redeemer, Dove of peace, and Lamb of God, Who for love of lost creation, Earth's rough paths in sorrow trod. God the Father, Son, and Spirit My veiled soul-eyes long to see, I would lave me in their essence, Matchless Triune Deity. CHORUS OF AXGELS. "We will bear thee away on our waving wings Through the starry regions of heaven's blue deep; We will bear thee away through immensity, Where the whirling planets their vigils keep. Thou shalt pass through the sunset gates of gold, Where the shore is washed by the whisper ing sea, And the doors of the secret things of life Shall all be unlocked that tliinc eyes may see. The pearly portals shall open wide That thy spirit footsteps may enter in; Thou shalt see the glory of heaven outspread And be glad in the world that has known no sin. Tlion shalt stand by the River of endless Life, Where it's waves are flowing o'er golden sand; Thou shalt rest in the shadow of Life's greelj Tree, In the city of God thy feet shall stand. Thou shalt kneel at the awful great Whitg Throne, The face of the Father tliinc eyes shall see J To the Son and the Spirit thine homage be paid, The blessed, mysterious One in Three. But first, thou must traverse the wastes Of earth, And thine eyes must gaze on its woe and grief, Till they swell with the tears of sympathy That bring to the burdened heart relief. Down to the depths of the darkest night, That is fathoms deep in a black abyss, Thy soul must pierce in its onward flight E'er thou can'st enter the realms of bliss. Thou must see earth's sufferings, its bitter pain; Steeped in its anguish thy soul must be; Without such knowledge no soul can come To the sinless land of the jiure and free." Deeper, deeper grew the slumbers Of the maiden as she lay, While the pure soul slowljr struggled From its citadel of clay. White and pure as alabaster, Lay the spirit's lovely shrine, Stamped with perfect human beauty, Lovliness well nigh divine. And the spirit, gazing downward, With its soul-eyes tilled with light, Spoke in accents soft and tender, Breathed like music on the night. " Farewell to thee, my lovely shrine, I go to seek thy God and mine. We are one in mystic union, Holding strange and deep communion, Tho umy home while here below', For our God hath will'd it so, Farewell for a little while; Then thy lips again shall smile. Farewell till night's shadows flee, Then I will return to thee." They have plumed their wings for their mid night flight, And the stars are flashing their diamond light; They are floating above the mountain's brow, And the solemn rivers roll far below. They are sweeping over the ocean's breast, Down in it's caverns the dead are at rest. Down in the depths 'neath the shifting tides, Where the peace of eternal calm abides. Tip in the Heavens the stars of night-, , Speeding along in tlieir onward flight Are singing the song of Emanuel's birth, And tlie love of the Fatlier-God for earth. Down in the ocean old and hoary The waves are telling the same glad story. A mighty anthem of praise they sing To the lowly Son of the Shepherd King. All nature is filled with a great delight In Him who was horn to the world this night. And still, through the air the convoy go With their crowns of fire and their wings of They sweep like a meteor through earth and sky, And their white robes flash on the onward - way, Andthewaitingandwatchingsometimcsthink That they herald the coming of Christmas Day. They have seen earth's sorrow, and viewed its joy; . They have witnessed its madness, beheld its mirth; They have gazed 011 the poisonous spots of plague That burn to the heart of the sin-cursed earth. They have witnessed the sins of the country wide, They have mourned at the sins of the city streets, ~ Where the giant heart of humanity With throbs of unspeakable anguish beats. And the spirit-eyes had gazed in pain, On the rolling river and smiling plain; For the joy of earth's children was very small Asid grief was their portion, one and all. And up from the earth to the God of heaven, From hearts that by pain were rent and liven, Up to the passionate arching skies, From the whole wide world, pealed the same sad cry— " O, woe and sorrow, O, grief and gloom, O, anguish of days that are to come I" And the angel convoy turned away, Long ere the dawn of the Christmas Day. They have passed through the sunset's golden gate, Where the delicate rainbow colors wait, Closing tlieir beautiful gold-fringed eyes Till the mist and the sun have met in the skies, Bidding them fling their radiant arch, Across the line of the day-god's march. They have entered tlie pearly portals wide, And gazed on the River of Life's, calm tide, They nave walked the City's golden streets, They have breathed the breath of immortal sweets, They have kneeled at the foot of the Great "White Throne, Where the Lord Almighty reigns alone; Alone in His peerless majesty, Ruler and Monarch of earth and sky. They have kneeled while the countless angel host Praised Father and Son and Holy Ghost. While the Seraphim veiled their faces with, wings In the presence of God, the King of Kings, And earth's numberless martyred and blood bought throng Poured forth their grateful triumphant song. Soxg of the Redeemed. "To the Lord of life and glory To the man of grief and love, Wo would offer adoration High all other praise above. To the babe of Bethlehem's manger, Earth's despised rejected King, Who hath lov'd us, who hath bought us, Loudly our glad anthems ring. His be glory and dominion, Over earth and over sea; Unto Him who has ascended, May all power and glory be 1" The shadows of the night had fled away, The stars lay dying in the coming day; The air was soft and cool as Eden's breath, Ro faintest zephyr breathed of sin or death; A sweet celestial calm and purity, Fell like a benediction from the sky. The birds rose up to sing their morning hymn, While yet the light of day was faint and dim; On the high hill tops far, and far away Was born in splendor a new Christmas Day. One tiny slender ray of sunlight keen, Crept stealthily the close-drawn blinds be tween, And touched the white lids 'with a loving kiss, Scattering Poppie's dreams of heavenly bliss, Recalling her once more to earthly life With all it cares, its anguish, toil and strife ; With all its bliss and pain, its joy and care— The common lot which mortals have to bear ; And she awoke to find the world awake, And filled with gladness for the Christmas sake. Acnes ZSTealk. Adelaide, 1881. 