ITALY. rFrom out own Ootrespondent *} Bome, September 10. lie jrope sun continues ro oe we eero 01 we hour. Tbo origin of tbe agitation kept ap over Italy against bim and againat tbe Law of Goarantees is not to be sought among tbe majority of tbe Catholic*, wbo go to mass and are iittle about tbe Pope ; cor among tbe [dberal-Conset rathe and Progresaut political tarties in Parliament, wbo »re for tbe moat part reetbinkera; bnt in a mere handful of bold Itmagogues, wbo are always on the look-out for erne sensational anbjtct with which to excite he public mind by meaLs of meetings. Toe -rincipal actora in tbeae disturbances are always be same, they mtde a tool of Garibaldi to jiomote tbeir enda; the Irredenta agitation wu also solely tbeir work. When tbat fell flit bey raised the outcry fur nnivertil suffrage, ehich in its turn waa foiled by the sound aense if tbe nation. Tbe last, but .not lout, of tbeir ixploits is the agitation boaded by tbe io svitable Alberto Mario agiiatt vbe Liw of Suarantees. It must be confessed that the Government im shown tact and prudenoe in dealing with :bat artificial agitation and with the Pops'* threat to leave Bome. It permitted the m«et ings— since the Constitution gives thtt right— Dut at tke same time commanded tbe presence )f tbe police authorities and of tbe carabi neers in order to dissolve tbe assembly oa tbe utterance of the first injurious Wrd againat tbe Pope. Several such meetings bave been held over tbe country, jut the most important were that already de icribed in my lut, held ia the Politeama theatre here, and another at Genoa. Since mj jst letter, Oavaliere Serrao, tbe Qaeror, baa beniabed about 150 idle vagabonds from Brae *bo were implicated in tbe lite demoaitra iions. Tbe remaining radical ringleaders tried m several evenings to coutUsue disorders in Piaua Oolonna, tbe summer-evening lounge of ;he Romans, but the police and eirabineen promptly put them down, and now quiet pre rails in tbe capital. At Gcnoi, where trases of the democratic instincta of the ex-republic still linger, tbe demagogues got up a meeting in tbe Darlo Felice Theatre againat tbe Law of Gaar intees. There also tbe Questor, 8ignor P«elni, dissolved tbe meeting u toon as the orators overstepped the ^limits of tbe law. Violent pro teaUtiona and threats followed. Pacini or dered tbe arrest of two or three of tbe mut turbulent, and made tbe carabineer* cleir tha theatre of the whole audience. Ona of those who protested waa the Deputy Mazzirella, Councillor of the Court of Appeal, an eccentric person, who ia called the je*ter of Parliament, because be does nothing but interrupt the ipeaken with pungent jokes and witty tar eumi. The scandal of a Magistrate opposing instead of respecting tbe law, and of helping those wbo would enforce it, was ao grave that Zanardelli, Minister of Grace and Justice, bai pensioned bim off. The euergeMo coodaot on the part of tbe authorities baa cooled the zeil of tbe republican agitators, and we heir ot no more meetings. While all this wu going on the Miniatry published tbe following mani festo :— ' Aa the agitation artificially promoted in Italy sgainat the Law of Guarantees by means of public meeting still continues, His Majesty's Government deems a frank manifestation of its thoughts and purposes necessary to dissipate iangerous illusions and uncertainties. 'Faithful to constitutional principles thi Government respects the rights of meeting and Df petition. The Constitution doea not prevent dot dissolve public meetings of citizens whose role object is to discuss the influence of any law on the publio weal, and the propriety of uking Parliament to modify or abrogate it, but it holds itself bound by right and duty to in terfere wben tho meetings degenerate into illegal facts or threaten to disturb public order and international relations. ** Witb regard to tbe scope of tbe preient agitation, His Majettj'aGovernment it firmly resolved on every occasion to surround tbe fall efficacious guardianship mm aifety of tbe supreme Pontiff and tbe independence of hia spiritual sovereignty with all tbe means granted by law, at the tame time repressing injuries to the nnity and sovereignty of tbe nation. 'It disapproves and deplores the meeting* which bave taken place as hurtful to the bigbett interests of the country, and declares tbat it will maintain by force and witb autho rity the gntrantees as a law of the realm. 'Ibe Government tnus adheres to tbo de clarations made to Parliament by same mem bers cf tbe present Cabinet when this law was discussed, and which were repeated in 1876 in the name of the party of the Left then called to power, tbat ia— tbat thl* law, although re garding the internal order of tha country, not imposed nor bound by international treaties, but being tbe spontaneous emanation of tbe national will, would nevertheless be classed in tbe common law of Italy among the organic laws whose political efficacy depends on tbeir stability and credit and not upon the acceptance or consent of others.' Another important analogous document quite recently published ia the diplomatic note sent by tbe Foreign Secretary of State, Mancini, to onr Ambassadors at Foreign Courts on tho natter of Pius tbe Ninth's feueral. In it His Excellency throws tbe whole blame of tbe dis turbances which then took place on tbe clerical party, asserting tbat the Government was uked for no permission to allow the nocturnal reli gious proceaaion'.which waa organized, and which tbe laws forbid, but merely to allow tbe beaxse containing the late Pontiff's remains to crots Bone by night, followed by two or three car riages in strict privacy, on purpose to avoid publicity, according to tbe wishes expressed in tbe testament of Pins IX. Msncini, after having rectified the false veraion of the facts of July 18, given by tbe Papal Secretary of State in his famous circular, protests witb energy and dignity againat the inference deduced by tbe Vatican, u well u against tbe words Leo XtU. in hia recent allocution, namely, that the tumult referred to proves tbat tbe Pope cannot appear in the streets of Bome, and therefore is and must remain a prisoner. Hia Excellency de clares, on the contrary, that in the public appearance of tbe Pope tbe Boman people would discover no provocation, bnt merely the exercise of a right and the implicit recognition of the preient order of tblnga, nnleia in the cue of tbe Pontiff's permitting himself to be accompanied by a cortigt which should iniult the national institutions by seditious cries, in wbicb cue tbe public tranquillity in Bome could not be answered for. He tells them to remind tbe Foreign Powers, if necessary, that these have nothing whatever to io witb tbe Law of Guaran tees, as tbat is a purely Italian matter, spon taneously assumed and loyally carried out by the nation. NothiDg more ii said about tbe Pope's flight from Bome. It would appear tbat in the Vatican they are of opinion that, were the Pope to have Italy, be could only return here u a mere bishop, and tbat if he late B«me be will by degrees lose tbe world, since it is to Bome tbst be owes bis greatneas. Tbe piieats say, Uli Papa ibi Roma; there ia but one Bome, however, and were tbe Holy Father to send forth bia encyclical letters from Malta or Dublin, they wonld receive do attention. Tbe Cardinals bave undoubtedly re fleeted tbat tbe Law of Guarantees gives tbe Pope tbe right to correspond freely witb whom be pleases, and liberty even to write and apeak injuriously sgaiDat tbe King of Italy ; he is made indepen dent of all tbe authorities of tbe realm; royal bonours are assigned to him, as well u tbe im munity of all tbe apostolic palaces and resi dences, all which eomideraUons btve greatly mitigated the threats of tbe Pope, the Cardi nals, snd of the Catholic Precs. The idea of bis flight is so completely abandoned for tbe present tbat Oardmtl Monaco la Valletti, Vicar Geceral, ltft Bome quit* recently far ObieSl, to visit bis dying bntber, wbo wu a senator of tbe UsRdom. On the festival of St. Joichim (his flint's day) Leo XI1L granted several audiences. These wbo were presented assure us that tbe Pope's health is satisfactory. It --as been ob terved in put yeaw, bowcrer, that although His Holiness atands tbe great beat of summer won deifully, yet in autumn tbe relaxing climate of Home tella upon him. Tbe Pop*'* aunourjdings bave therefore decided to aecare btoieertiin period of rert-hcUdsTF, In «boTt- darir.f wbicb iylvaniporta will be »rraDg«d for his amnae nwnt In tbe grounds of tbe Vatisan. The chief fcuntsman, wbo has loot received a good f altry snd tbe lion's sbsre cf tbe game with so little fatigue, will bave no *'.jecnti for some weeks. Tbe fsioe is beneefwtb io be divided into two puts, oce of wbicb is for tbe Pope's table and '5! the rest to be diitrifanted among the religion* establishments, which can now bout bat meagre cheer. The days are long gone by since ' The monks of Melrose made gude luil Oa Fridays wSea they UsUi, And never wsnt-rd beet nor ale So long u their neighbours' Luted.' The result of the elections in France hai taken every ore by surprise. Here it is thought thit should M. Jnlea Ferry con tinue in power he will try to prerent another ephemera! triumph of ths blo=d thirsty Commune by making a diversion in the ques'iun cf foreign policy by eiowiug hostility ro Italy. It is also well known here that euch iaetics would please the French, who have a jealous hatred o( the unity of Italy, and long to dismember her before attacking Germany. Bat they will find Italy a hard bone to gnaw. Such, is the indig nation agiinit toe domineering conduct of Frame that the very women aid children would rise to repel a French invasion. Meanwhile on both tide* of the Alps Freneh and Italians are fortifying the mountain passes, and the Italian Government, while studiously avoiding to give the (lightest prorosation, is watching and pre paring. It is rumoured in political circles that Gam betta. who still hopes by some bold stroke lo rise to the jorface, keeps writing to th« leaders of the Left in Italy, and even to some membari of the Cabinet, adviaing against an alliance between Italy, Germany, and Austria, and pre mising great things on the part of France in that cue. Some truth there must be ia the report, because whilst the most influential papers of Italy, Germany, and Austria caress the idea of Italy's entering into the alliance with the two great northern Powers, and the Emperor of Austria has shown satisfaction at the prospect of a visit from King Humbert, no mention of either event has escaped the Ministry; nay, it care fully avoids the question of that aUiaace. The mass of the public, however, trust that the King, who keeps himself well informed (His Majesty never fails to read daily the leading Italian papers of all parties, and is besides thoroughly aequiinted wiib public opinion in Europe) will red by acting on his own judgment, as his father also did, and save Italy from any French cajoleries, thus contributing to the maintenancj of peace in Kurope. A recent number of the Keut Frcie Prate of Vienna had the followiug telegram from Berlia:—' It is again confidently reported here tbac King Humbert will not only visit Vienna but also Berlin, and that a great political importance is to be attached to this journey.1* The autumn military manoeuvres are now going on in Venetis. The King left Monzs for the camp near Padua last week. Apropos of soldiering, the Italian lieges were cot a little astounded a few days ago on seeing a manifesto issued by Menotti Garibaldi for the formation by him of what he calls a volun teer cadet corps as a nursery far the army. It reeds no ghost to tell that this is a cunning Republican attempt to counterpoise the pro jected Italc-Austro-Germanie alliance by keep ing up the Irredenta tradition among the youth of Italy. The august reigning House of Savoy, whose prerogative it alone is to levy troop*, was ignored by the heir to the would- be dynasty Garibaldi ; so the War Secretary went to the King at Monzs, and warned His Majesty against authorizing the specious snare laid to form an army corps of enemies of the constitu tional monarchy. Ere this reaches you Lieutenant Bove's expe dition to Terra del Fuego, and thence to the Antarctic! regions, will have been set on foot. The Argentine Kepnblic has heartily entered into the Italian expedition, and has provisioned a ship for it. Bove is already in South America, awaiting his Italian fellow-explorers, who are to leave Italy on October 3 for Buenos Ayrcs in one of the Lavarello Company's steamers. Among them is Dr. Vinciguerra, the zoologist of the party; Professor Lovisato, for geology and mineralogy; Lieutenant Bon cagli, B.N., for the artistic studies. The rendezvous with Bove is at Buenos Ayres. Literature and the fine arts have sustained a great Ins in the sudden death of the Bomm dramatic poet Pietro Oossvauthor of u Nero,' 'McsMlins,' 'Julian, the Apostate,' &o.; In his ultra realism and fierce hatred of the Bomish Ohnrch, he tried to bring back poetry and religion to paganism, and had already left his mark on the Italian drama. He died of typhus at Leghorn after a few day's illness. A pjblic funeral was given him both at Leghorn and Home, where bis remains were interred. Oar present Minister of Public Instruction is a young Roman, Dr. Baccelli. Professor in this University. He is a man of considerable cul ture, active, ambitions, despotic, like all the pro gressists, and is smitten with a mania for re form and revolution in bis department. His latest innovation ban astounded all the satanls of Borne and of Italy, and will no less astonish all the Universities of Europe. Without con sulting any one he has, at ose sweep, changed the entire system of philosophy taugat in our Lyceums, substituting 'the Lcuic and the Ethics of Aristotle in the originil Greek text.' No more metaphysics, no mare psychology of the present day, but the ' Logic acid Etbics of Aristotle.' Leo XIII. has decreed the theology of St. Thomas D' Aquinas to be tanght in the seminaries of the Bomish Church, atd Baccelli, as if he had taken the Pope's ad vice, turns the yuuth of Italy back to the philosophy taught in the middle ages— those times of dark ignorance when t*ie Papal power condemned science and liberty of thought and action to the dungeon snd the stoke. A more narrow and conservative philosopher than Aris totle would be hard to find. In his own time bis disciple Alexander advanced, but Aristotle stood still. Even in natural science he has been accused by Cuvier of having merely copied from Herodotus in his fauna of Egypt; Humboldt turned his treatise on zoology into ridicule. Lange, in our own day, say s of Aristotle — ' He has ever been the favourite philosopher of conserva tive schools and tendeicies.' By what miracle then does a learned arm like Baccelli, a pro grejiist and miso-priest to bast, return to the middle ages, without seeing that he is thereby forwarding the wishes of the priests in making the youth of Italy, with the Ethics of ArUtotle u^der their arms, walk pxrl pan* with the Romish seminarists, who have St. Thomas D'Aqninas under theirs? It is to be fcoped that when Parliament meets the adop tion cf Aristotle will be sent to the Greek Kalends. I think I mentioned in a former letter that the artists of all nations had been invited to com pete for the monument to be erected in Rome to the memory of King Victor EmanceL It is feared that the place appointed to receive the models will be insufficient to contain them. The time fixed has not yet quite expired and a prodigious number of designs ha* already arrived, some in wood and others in stucco. The exhibition of these models, which will shortly take place, is likely to attract a crowd of critics in architec ture and sculpture from all parts of the globe, and is expected to be both novel and interesting. Although nothing has as yet been shown to the public, still little particulars have got wing as, for icstance, we hear of towers with eight row* of columns ; triumphal arches with one, three, and even five arches, and rich with pillars and statues; mausoleums with hundreds of columns, grandiose pyramids, countless fine statues, &c; Rumour speaks of one artist whose model cost him 5,030 francs ; of another who remained hermetically ecaled in his studio, like a silkworm in its cocoon, working at his model for a whole year ; of another who had a sublime idea which he wu obliged to have carried out by others under seal of secrecy. This great competition accounts for the poorness of some late exhibitions of fine arts at home and abroad. ' Art is long !' Designs ate daily arriving from Germany, from France, Bcgland, America, even some nave come from Armenia. Will there be any from Australia ? Be sore that your correspondent's fi/st thought will be to look out for something from Adelaide, the Athens of the fifth continent of the globe. 