STRAY LEAVES. BY "THE GLEANER." "A noble soul expands above a little chaff." CODJI. ON Monday there waa great excitement evinced in towu. The din of a stupendous cortege was heard from afar ; and, lo ! a circus arrove from a distant clime. Everv \- -J body and his wife, and his cousins, and h¡6 aunts, turned out to see the cavalcade, re splendent with gorgeous array, as it swept past. During the sojourn of the crowd in town, the rag and famish got so nigh to per petual motion that with another big drum around, they woold have been right in it (not the big drum, mind). OM the line, a gent of the Soody and Man key persuasion, who bears the name of Irish Stew, or eome other equally euphonious sou briquet, makes things sultry for his fellow workmen by continually singing psalms. Tney don't bang upon his every note. THE hibernal period is fast approaching Oar sidewalks are now bedecked with ulsters, doods, and such like refreshments. It is surprising the affinity that seems to exist be tween the ulsters and the clouds. THEY had a howling good time at Pitt Town on Monday night. Things were sent around red hot. AT the show on Monday night quite a multitude of our female girls were present. Truly, they lent enchantment to the scene they shone ont in nneqoailed splendour, and I aver that a more graceful, sylph-like, be witching lot of syrens never met this side ot the equator, or the other side either. On Tuesday night, ditto repeato. Any young lady who feels desirous to kiss me and caress me for this little bit of taffy, let her walk right up-I'm here. JACK FROST'S cousin rcas aronnd this week. There wasn't much enthusiasm displayed over the event. BUSH fires raged throughout the week in Various parts of the district. Pyrotechnic advocates had a throw-in. TUE Sou.lon crea tu te, the familiar of the I O.G.T. Humbug, endeavours to sit upon The Austtalian at every opportunity. How far the critte 6uccei*dt5-well, you know his status around here. Somebody throw a brick at tue for noticing such a-such a--to bc continued in our next. WHILST reclining on the river banks tht other eve, as Mrs. Luna peeped through s rift in the clouds, there suddenly hove ir sight a gaily-caparisoned gondola, propeller by stout rowers, whilst the si.very notes of Í canorous lassie wafted o'er the evening'i dewy air-first a clear, shrill treble, then dy ing away to a rippling monotone, enthrallec and enraptured me-my soul went out, fat away to the realms where the moon's soft sheei irradiates-Ghost of Moses ?-but a changi cane oVr the spirit of my dream-had it no been for a friendly "cobbler's peg" some body would have been striking out for th< beautiful shore. The poetry of the situatioi vamosed anyhow. THE symmvii-Iofil lunns of the acrobat recently'aronui! uere seemed tc ii nock a fcv "<ïf*tbe-g«'« üST-íííeir oats entirely Ní>íhin¡ Itîds than a " circus feliov,* " WQUM go- <io<* ; with-some of them. TBE red-coats made things lively 01 Saturday. Some of the visitors got outs'ul too much gihgerbeer, judging from thei behaviour on the Windsor Railway Station Perhaps the gruel didu't agree with them. THE Good Templar agony is on the waue. THE Tenderhearted Uysterman vend oysters of the finest description Lobste falls in for all the doubtful molluscs, thus i must be so. Tue fashionable hedge aronnd here i prickly-pear-quite a novelty, inasmuch a nobody cares to investigate such matters t make it otherwise. The hedge is extreme) ornamental, and pleasing to the ey< especially if one of your horses gets a fe thousand thorns concealed about him. ¿ thousand acres or 6J flourish on a* street ac jacént to the Windsor Brdige, contrastin, beautifully with Davies Park. The ownet of the property from whence the diabolic! vegetation sprouts should be made eat it c send it post haste to Basutoland. It is tim the unsightly heap was consigned 1 oblivion. TUE peaceful Wilberforce has bad ii latent energy aroused-the inhabitants < Sleepy Hollow have awoke. Anonymot letter-writing is the order of the da; Practical jokes are reprehensible-but whe individuals endeavour to blacken the charai ters of their neighbours the practice contemptible. ODE ALICK has given two trophies to tl two cricket clubs tn Wiudsor-to be pr 6ented at the end of the season to the be average batsman in each club. One is go] and the other is silver-both unique, and a] propriate emblems for successful cricketers. ON Tuesday night, the vagaries of drunken couple (man and wife) kinder ag tated people aronnd here. They made nigl hideous with their bacchanalian roysterin " Two souls with but a single thought, t\ folks who boozed as one !" PERSONS who adopt the velocipede as means of conveyance, should at least stu« the safety of the public. Horses have qui an aversion to such formidable instromen and many narrow escapes from accident a spoken of. Perhaps when a member Parliament gets rubbed out folks will beg to sling bricks. The place where there the least traffic should be resorted to for tl kind of fun. IN the vicinity of the Windsor Raiiw Station, for four days, a yawning chasm w around, owing to the partial demolition of culvert. A signal of danger, in the shape a branch of a tree with a piece of newspaj affixed, was hoisted by some inventive genii A valuable horse nearly broke his valual leg, and mixed up things terribly : t authorities exclaimed, «' Go^ni l'or ! wh( have thought it ?" and the culvert was fix up. " Stick a pin dere, Brudder Horace !" ST. PATRICK'S DAY received due hoi around here. Not a snak« within cooie civilization. Shamrocks at a premium. AT the Richmond Police Court on Frid; 11th instant, Jock Wood, otherwise, great electricity, cot a great shine in the witness box, in a case of stone throwing. It is rumoured amongst the rag and famish that they 'will elect him their boss. TaAT gay yoong Riehmondite, rejoicing in the appellation of Tom the Carpenter, had a bad time lately, as likewise had his inamorata. It appears Tom, at'no distant period of his existence, was paying his addresses to a comely lass of Richmond ; but owing to un foreseen circumstances there occurred a " split in the camp." as the ancients would observe. Tom was no sooner off with the old love than he was on with a new ; and as the joyous couple were doing the block the other eve, the rejected damsel chanced to cast her orbs upon them. The green eyed monster took possession of her soul-she went straight for thc erring Tom, and his lump of love was in formed that if she was again caught in his company, two wheelbarrows wonld be required to onvçj' her remains to the cemetery. The Richmond folks don't think euch will occur yet awhile. THE Silvery-laugh party has departed for other climes-perhaps to Brummagem. The lachrymal flood around is marvelous. 