THE THEATRIC ROYAL. A return to tlio Sliukspoarlun (lraina at tho Theatre Itoyal will doubtless bo welcomed by many to whom the highly seasoned sensa tionalism of such a melodrama on The W orld is distasteful. It will bo all the more welcome from tho fact thnt tho leading parts will be sustained by an actor ho well able to do justico to them na Mr. Harking. Without underrat ing Home of his predecessors, wc may say that the firot appcaranco of thia gentleman is quito sufficient to convince us that he is likely to be the best exponent of Ehahflpearo thnt ha appeared in Melbourne for a long time. A better choice than Hamlet, as tho opening piece, could not havo been mode. Tho best known and most populur of nil Shnkapenre's tragedies, it - is also- tho otic in which an nctor of any capacity is most likely to succeed. To say that Mr. ITarkins made a favorable impression on his audience would be to Bay little. His impersonation of the Danish Prince .must bo seen more than once before all its finer points can be appreciated. There was no striking novelty in the actor's conception of tho character. His Hamlet is a 4 grave, sub dued, melancholy and Belf-containcd person age, breaking out at rare intervals into violence of tone and gesture, and perhaps somewhat wanting in the ontward exhibition of the grief within, which, though as he tells tlio Queen it "passeth show," we feel could hardly bo restrained from revealing itself a little more strongly by external signs. The peculiar humor to which at times, as a reaction from his prevailing melancholy, Hamlet given utter ance, is also subordinated in Mr. Harkins's conception of tho character. Tho actor's qualifications for a duo rendering of his con ception are certainly good. He has an im posing presence, and his motions and attitudes are free from stiffness and affectation, his mnnner.gonerally being easy nnd natural. His voice is full and sonorous, perhaps rather want ing in flexibility, and at times, especially in tho higher notes, having a peculiar and rather jarring intonation. In one respect Mr. Harkins must bo highly commended. He is perfectly free from rnt. ISveu in tho most impassioned scenes his action . and elocution urc kept within propor limits. Ho never u oversteps the modesty of nature," or shows any tendency to "tear a passion to tatters." This distinctly marks him as ah actor far above the average. If there is any fault to bo fonnd with Ids elocution it is an occasional ten dency to stiffness or monotony of enunciation. In tlio opeuing scene, when the king, queen and courtiers having left, Hamlet breaks out into tlio passionate speech, " Oh, that this tbo, too solid flesh would melt," lie was scarcely emphatic, enough ; and in the subsequent in terview with Horatio, Marcellus and Bernardo, in which they tell him that they have seen his father's ghost, his tones wcro wanting in the marks of awe and wonder that mtch a communication must havo produced. The meeting with tho ghost, however, was impressively rendered ; , and after this Mr. Harkins showed himself to grca'or advantage with each succeeding net. 'iho conversations with l'olottius and with Rouen crantz and Guildenstern were very good ; and the interviews with Ophelia ami with the players were better still, his advice to tho latter being admirably given. In tho play scene, tho climax and central point of tho tragedy, and perhaps the severest test of an actor's powers, Mr. Harkins was at his very best, and mado a strong impression upon his audience. Tho scene with the Queen wus also excellently given. Iti the last act, in tho graveyard, he showed a solemnity of manner and a stateliness of tone that could hardly be improved upon ; and tho duel ar.d death scene was a fitting close to tho whole performance. Mr. Harkins's imperso nation throughout shows that lie has studied "the play most carefully, and devoted much in telligence to tho elucidation of every point. Although tho audience was not so large as tho first appearance of a new performer cntitlos him to, it was both appreciative and enthu siastic, Mr. Harkins was received most warmly when he first presented himself, and was recalled before the curtain between tho acts. Of tho cast generally there is not much to be said. Mr. Appleton ni Laertes, Mr. Douglas as the Ghost, and Miss Deor wyn as Ophelia played their parts very cre ditably; and a special word must be said for Mr. Greville's gravedigger, which was acted with tlio quaint humor in which he is seldom found wanting. Mr. Oily Peering failed to give Polonius that sententious and self-satisfied wisdom without which the cha- rnnt.pi ?a little bettor than a run lit mortuum : while Mr, Holloway as tho King, and Miss Flora Anstead as the Queen, were clearly over weighted in their parts. It is particularly to be regretted that tho company on' which Mr. Harkins 1ms to rely for support- should be altogether wanting in an actress able to sus tain a leading part with credit, to herself and satisfaction to her audience. Such a want is one of the greatest difficulties a star nctor has to contend with, nnd it invariably detracts from the full success lie might otherwise at tain, Hamlet will be repeated to-night. 