A GHOST AT NOONDAY. (From, the Pall Mall Gazette.) We have received the following extra ordinary narrative from a correspondent for whose good faith and professional acuteness of ?observation we pan vouch. HeKurwt.an tiates bia story with full details ot' dates, j names, and places, which, however, for tho i sake of the survivors, he does tint wish to bo published. Without any -further pro face, we lay his letter bf.fl.re'ovir readers :— I As my wife and I were sitting .at ..break- j fast with a guest, whom 1 will. call Mr. A. j —then on a visit for tho first time to our! house and neighbourhood — our maid-' servant passed out of the room oil her way I to the kitchen. As she closed the door Mr. A. startled me by saying, 'I saw a spir.t ot a man following that woman, who,, as he passed, said distinctly in my hearing, ? 'Godjudgeth not as man jndgeth. 1 was i innocent of the murder for which T have j been hanged. I was there, but I did not j strike the blow.1' ' What is it like?' I asked. He replied by describing a young Irishman whom I recognised at once as the husband of my domestic, who a year or two before had been executed on the charge of j murder. Mr. A., a complete stranger to ? the locality, had only met me for tho first time two days before, and he was totally ignorant of the crime of which my servant was so deeply interested. For obvious reasons the subject was never alluded to iu our household, where the widow was regarded with feelings of sympathy, which led ns to avoid as much as possible all reference to her husband's fate. I had pre viously good reasons to doubt whether the evidence against him justified his execution. He had died protesting his innocence. His wife and friends were -firmly convinced that, although he had been iu the fight, it was not by his hand the fatal blow had been struck. In addition to this, I had good reason to believe that the real murderer was stiil at large. 7ou can easily imagine my astonishment wr-en Mr. A. thus* suddenly ventured upon forbidden ground, and abruptly declared that the spirit of a nun who had suffered the capital penalty, and whose personal appearance exactly coincided with that of the unfortunate Irishman, was aotudlly following the ser vant about the house protesting his inno cence i' accents which, although inaudible to me, my guest decltred were perfectly audible to him. I had heard of Mr. A. being a 'seer,' but I was not a little startled at this striking illustration of his peculiar faculty. I remarked that it wns very strange, and informed him that the woman whom he Had just seen for the first time with her ghostly companion was really the widow of an executed felon. Some .time afterwards he exclaimed: 'There he is again, .repeating the same words!' Intensely interested hy this sud den and apparently supernatural confirma tion of my suspicions, I determined to put the seershij) of my guest to what I re garded as a crucial test. I told Mr. A. that shortly afterwai.cls 1 was going into town, and as I should be passing the spot where the murder was committed perhaps the ghostly visitant might indicate the place where the dead man lay. Some time after wards we started lor the town. When we left the house Mr. A. remarked, ' There he is following us,' alluding to the ' spirit.' When we had proceeded part of the way along the road, which was quite unknown to rny friend, I made a detour to make a business call and went along another street, Mr. A. following me. Just as, without a word on-tny part, we were turning ivit of the main road, Mr. A. said, 'The spirit is standing at the corner. He says we are not going the right way towards the place where the murder was committed, and which ha has promised to point out to me.' I replied, ' Oh. we shall come out- in the main road again by-and-bye before we reach the spot.' We proceeded on about a quarter of a mile, and having done my business and struck the main road egain — which differed, I may remark, from none of the other roads we had traversed — Mr. A. soon after declared, ' There is that man just on there, waiting for us.' As we con tinued our walk, I purposely refrained from uttering a word, or even thinking, as fara9 I could, about the murder, so as to prevent any possibility of my companion obtaining any clue, As we 'were passing through one of the lowest parts of the town Mr. A. suddenly exclaimed : — ' He tells me that it was here the murder was committed. It was just there, pointing to the place in the road where the murdered man fell.) I see the hubbub and confusion rise up before me as a picture, with the people round. He, however, again tells me that he did not strike the fatal blow. He does not excuse himself from being morally guilty as being mixed up with those who accomplished the death of the man, but strongly maintains that he was not the murderer.' 1 will onty add in relation to the last incident that Mr. A. described the exact spot where the murder was committed, and the circum stances in connexion therewith. How can you account for that ? Mr. A. had never been- in the town before; he had never lived within a couple of hundred oiilos of it ; he did not know till within a day or two before he arrived that he would ever visit it ; he could not by any possibility have known that the poor woman in my employ was the widow of a man who was hanged. He had no conceivable interest in deceiving me, nor was he concerned to prosecute the matter any further. I have in vain attempted to account for his story, nur can I, on any of Ihe popular hypothe ses, explain to ir;y own satisfaction how he saw that ghost -at noonday That he did see it he assured me,.much to my surprise, when no one expected any such revelation ; a iid , whatever he saw, it certainly led him to the exact place where the murder was committed. It ia p'oposod to out a tunnol thrmiLfh tho Pyrineee, tn connect Fraiioe and Spain by rail. An elderly maiden purchased nn Egyptian mummy ihe other day for a parlour orna ment. She said it would seem better to have a man about, even if he was advanced iu life and withered. A man having lost his situation last summer, his wife took some money she had secretly saved, and started a grocer's shop. She succeeded at once, and now employs her husbaud as shopman at good wages. i . i ? '* ?'-? ?? , 