NEWS OF THE CHURCHES. The Rev. Samuel Hebditch preached on Sunday morning at the Congregational Church, Port Adelaide, to a large congregation. The Rev. Thomas Hope preached a most impressive sermon in connection with the death of the late Rev. H. Cheetham, at Milang, on Sunday evening. A lady who does not wish her name mentioned has placed ,£200 in the hands of Archdeacon Marryat for the endowment of the Cottage Homes. The Rev. J. B. Stephenson, President of the South Australian Wesleyan Conference, has been entertained at Perth by the Congregational and Wesleyan bodies, the Chief Justice and other leading citizens being present. A highly interesting lecture illustrated by dissolving views, on the " Old Home; or, England past and present," was delivered at the Baptist Church, South Rhine, by the Rev. E. Vaughan. His Excellency the Governor opened a bazaar on Tuesday afternoon in the Town Hall, to raise funds in aid of the new Church of England Theological College. There was a large attendance, and a fair amount of business was done. The Rev. S. Hebditch preached in the Congregational Church, Angaston, on September 8th. The Revs. A. Jones and G. P. Lush assisted in the services. The Rev. gentlemen's unique and pathetic discourses will long be remembered with pleasure. On Saturday, September 10th, a bazaar was held at Moonta in connection with the Bible Christian Church. There was a capital assortment of goods and fancy work displayed. The Yelta brass band was in attendance and played several excellent selections of music. The proceeds of the first days' sale was over £60. On Friday evening, September 2nd, a service of song entitled " Eva," was given in the Wesleyan Church, Coromandel Valley, in aid of the new organ fund. The Rev. P. C. Thomas gave the connective readings; Miss Bartlett presiding at the harmonium, Mr. S. J. Dailey acted as conductor. Proceeds about £i. An entertainment was given in the schoolroom of the Congregational Church, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday evening, September 13, in aid of the fund for purchasing a piano. Mr. D. Bower, M.P., presided over a large audience; and the programme, which consisted of twenty-five items, was efficiently carried out and much enjoyed. A public meeting in connection with the Wesleyan Home Mission was held at the Wesleyan Church, Baldry, on the evening of the 6th inst, Mr. Robert Giles presiding. The Rev. W. A. Bainger read the report, and made a speech, which was full of interesting facts. Mr. Bickford also addressed the meeting. Proceeds, £6 12s. 9d. The Rev. A. J. Bogle preached a very able sermon on " The Spiritual Grounds for Total Abstinence," to a large congregation, at the Wesleyan Church, Mount Gambier. This sermon was preached in compliance with a resolution passed by the last conference, that'all the clergymen of the denomination should devote at least one service in the year to the advocacy of total abstinence. At the meeting held in the schoolroom of Benthamstreet Chapel, on Monday evening, it was resolved that a class shall be formed for the study of the prophetic Scriptures, open to Christians of all denominations (male and female), to be held on Friday evenings at 7.30, the first to be held (D.V.) on the 23rd inst., as will be seen by advertisement. On Friday evening, September 2ad, a Band of Hope meeting was held in the Warooka Wesleyan Church. This baDd is in connection with the church, and the Rev. W. Reed presided, and gave an excellent address, as did also Mr. D. Roper. Recitations and excellent music made up a good evening's entertainment. The Smithfield Presbyterian Church held its anniversary on Sunday, September 4, when services were preached by the Rev. J. H. Angus, of ^ort Adelaide, to good congregations. On Tuesday a soiree was held, and the Rev. J. Gordon gave a most instructive lecture on "Samuel Budgett." Under the leadership of Mr. Caire, the choir gave a choice selection of music, Mr. Wainwright presiding at the harmonium. The anniversary of the Congregational Church, Maitland, was held on Sunday and Monday, the 4th and 5th inst., when sermons were preached by the Rev. J. Lloyd. On Monday a most successful tea-meeting was held. A large number was present. The public meeting was presided over by the Rev. W. J. Kiihn, and addresses were delivered by the Revs. J. Lloyd and T. M. Rowe. Several laymen also took part in the proceedings. The young ladies forming Mrs. D. S. Wylie's Bible Class met at the parsonage, Laura, on Thursday, 1st inst., being invited to spend the day with the officers and teachers of the Sunday-school. A pleasant woody spot, on rising ground, west of Laura, was selected and, having done justice to an excellent refreshment, the day was very pleasantly spent by the young people. Three cheers having been given to Mr. and Mrs. Wylle, the party started for home. On Sunday, September 11th, the anniversary services of the Wesleyan Church, Alberton, were held, when sermons were preached by the Rev. W. H. Rofe. On Monday afternoon the usual tea and public meetings were held. At the public meeting the speakers were the Revs. T. Edmeades, Prior, Rofe, and Messrs. Broadbent and Stephens. An earnest appeal was made on behalf of the trust fund. The choir gave selections of music during the evening. The Rev. John Watts delivered a lecture at Second Valley in the Wesleyan Chapel, on Tuesday night, September 6, on the " Pilgrim's Progress," illustrated with magic-lantern views by Mr. Haswell. Music was rendered at intervals by the Glenburn choir. The lecture was listened to with attention by the audience. Proceeds in aid of circuit funds. is hoped that Mr. Burnett will be able to fulfil his promised visit to this district. A special effort for the Trust Fund of the Hallett Bible Christian Church was made on the 11th and 12th September. The Sunday services were conducted in the morning and afternoon by the Rev. Thos. Y. Morcombe, pastor, and in the evening by the Rev. J. Pearce, of Kooringa. On the Monday a public dinner was provided, after which there was an entertainment, in which the local Band of Hope rendered good service, and over which Mr. Wise presided, while the Rev. J. Pearce gave a suitable address. On the whole the weather was very unpropitious. Total proceeds about £12. The anniversary of the Wesleyan Sunday-school, Auburn, was held on the 4th and 5th inst. The usual sermons were preached by the Revs. J. H. Trevorrow and J. N. Mills. The weather proved unfavorable; but, with the exception of the morning services, the attendance was good. On Monday the tea and public meetings were held. Mr. Feltus presided, and the Revs. J. Rowe, J. N. Mills, and Messrs. Guppy and Adams, the speakers. A capital supper was provided, and was well patronised, The proceeds, with balance-in-hand, will furnish ample means for another year's work. Mr. Peter Campbell held services last Sabbath in the Town Hall Exchange-room. There were good attendances. The afternoon topic was, " The Fallacies of so-called Modern Free-Thought." Evangelistic addresses were delivered in the evening, the subjects being, "Dives and Lazarus," &c.;, &c.; Mr. A. Rees presided at the cabinet organ. The attention and interest evinced by the congregations at bot h services were very noticeable. The evangelist again conducts services in the Town Hall on Sabbath afternoon and evening next. Two services were conducted in the Pinery Bible Christian Church on Sunday, August 28th, by the Rev. J. G. Martin in connection with the Sabbath-school. The children gave some good recitations at the afternoon service. On Monday, August 29th, the children received their treat of tea and cake, after which there was a public tea provided, which was followed by a public meeting, presided over by Mr. W. Webster, and addressed by Revs. W. Richards and J. G. Martin. The proceeds were satisfactory. On Sundayand Monday, September 4th, the Salisbury Primitive Methodists held their school anniversary. On Sunday the Rsv. J. R. Ferguson preached in the morning, the Rev. Mr. Fennell in the afternoon, and the Rev. S. Raymond in the evening. The congregations were large. On Monday tea and public meetings were held and largely attended. Mr. R. Verco, J.P., presided, and addresses were given by the Revs. J. R. Ferguson, J. Rowe, Fennell, and S. Raymond. The children sang selections of music in a very creditable manner. Anniversary services in connection with the Findon Bible Christian Chapel were held on Sunday and Monday, September 11 and 12, when sermons were preached to large and appreciative audiences, by the Rev. Thomas Hillman and Mrs. Sutherland, of the Salvation Army. The tea meeting on Monday was very successful. At the public meeting the Rev. T. Hillman presided, and addresses were given by the Rev. Dr. Haggar, Mr. R. Gill, and Mrs. Sutherland. Miss Ford presided at the harmonium, and the choir rendered several select pieces of music. The anniversary of St. Paul's, Buchsfelde, Sundayschool, was celebrated on Sunday, the 10th inst., when sermons were preached by the Rev. R. W. Campbell and Mr. Congreve. The attendance was good. On Tuesday an excellent tea was provided, the church being beautifully decorated for the occasion. At the public meeting Mr. Jones, J.P., presided, and addresses were given by Messrs. J. Limb, W. Dawkins, and S. Dawkins. There are seven teachers and 41 scholars on the roll. The library contains 200 volumes. Miss C. Roediger ably officiated at the harmonium. Proceeds £6 12s. 3d. A lecture on the "Life and Works of Mozart, the great musical composer" was delivered at the Stow Church Lecture-hall, on Monday evening, September 12, by Mr. James Shakespeare, the organist of that church. The lecture, which was one of very great ability, elicited frequent bursts of applause, and the musical illustrations of the subject were attentively listened to, and highly appreciated. The audience, which was a crowded one, accorded to Mr. Shakespeare a hearty vote of thanks, and the same to his able coadjutors, for the excellent music that added so much to the enjoyment of the evening. The Primitive Methodists of Burton celebrated the anniversary of their Sunday- school on Lord's day last. The preachers were the Rev. S. Raymond and Mr. W. Robins. On the following Monday a public tea was preceded by a tea for the children. At the public meeting Mr. W. Godden presided, and addresses were delivered by the Rev. S. Raymond and Mr. W. Quick, jun. At each service hymns were sung by a choir composed of scholars and teachers, the Misses Talbot presiding at the harmonium. Several recitations were also given. Proceeds £11 18s. 6d. The Congregational Church, North Adelaide, which has been closed for some time for necessary repairs, was re-opened on Sunday, September 11, when sermons were preached, in the morning by the Rev. O. Copland, and in the evening by the Rev. Samuel Hebditch, of London, and late of the Congregational Church, Collins-street, Melbourne. Both services were crowded, and in the evening special interest was taken to hear Mr. Hebditch, whose reputation as a pulpit orator is established. The sermon was, in every respect, worthy of the occasion, and fully sustained the rev. gentle- man's reputation. The I.O.R. John Williams Tent, Barrabba, held a very successful tea and public meeting on the 7th inst. During the day a picnic was held in Mr. Dow's paddock. The tea was held in a large barn, the property of Mr. Wherry, which was beautifully decorated with flowers and mottos. Fully two hundred people sat down to tea, and after the tables were cleared away and the seats arranged, the room was soon filled. The chair was occupied by Rev. It. J. Daddow. The programme for the evening consisted of songs, recitations, and addresses, which were given in a pleasing manner. Votes of thanks to all those that assisted, and especially Messrs. Dow and Wherry, brought a very enjoyable evening to a close, which will uo doubt greatly benefit the tent. The second anniversary of the Bible Christian Sunday-school, Snowtown, was celebrated on Sunday and Monday, September 4th and 5th. The Rev. R. Mitchell of Clare preached three times on the Sabbath. On the Monday the children of the school took tea at 3.30 in the commodious wheat store of Messrs. J. Young & Co. which was kindly placed at the disposal of the school for the day. At 4.30 a public tea was held in the above place. A public meeting followed at 7.30 in the church, presided over by Mr. W. H. Hall, superintendent of the school. The secretary's report was of an encouraging nature. Addresses were delivered by Messrs. Best and Retcbford, and Revs. Mitchell and Yeoman. Special music by the choir and school. The financial results were satisfactory. The usual vote of thanks closed the meeting. Anniversary services in connection with Goodwoodroad Wesleyan Sabbath-school were commenced on Sabbath, September 11, when Mr. James Scott preached in the morning, and the Rev. Mr. Rowe in the afternoon and evening, to large congregations. They were continued on Monday by a tea and public meeting, when the chapel was crowded. Mr. John S. Knox presided at the latter. Mr. Clarke reported that there was an average attendance of over 50, also of a slight deficiency in the finances. Practical addresses on Sabbathschool work were then delivered by the Revs. D. O'Donnell and Kelly, and Messrs. Bagshaw and Jarvis. Several hymns were rendered very effectively by the choir during the evening. After the usual votes of thanks, a pleasant gathering was brought to a close in the usual manner. Since the opening of the Hall in Gouger-street by the corps of the Salvation Army, under the command of Captain John Gore, the usual routine of religious services have been vigorously carried on night by night. The open-air gathering at Torrens Lake and also at Whitmore-square have been largely attended. The processions have also been continued without interruption and with the best results, several professing to have been first attracted by the street singing. On Sunday evenings the Hall has been crowded, and the corps is growing rapidly and strongly in that quarter of the city. Though this place has not been opened a fortnight, thirty-seven persons have professed to find peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. On Monday evening, September 12, the quarterly and public meetings in connection with the Archerstreet Wesleyan Sunday-school Union were held in Brompton Wesleyan schoolroom. The attendance was good. The Rev. James Allen presided, and gave an address on the importance of the Church extending its labors over the whole of society, for its education in matters of religion. The Rev. Samuel Knight gave an address on "The Model Teacher," full of thoughts pregnant with wisdom and instruction. During the evening several hymns from "Songs of Love and Mercy," were sung, Miss Willsmore presiding at the organ. The anniversary of the Wesleyan Sunday- school at East Moonta was held on Sunday and Monday, September 11th and 12th. On Sunday sermons were preached by the Revs. A. C. Gillies, R. M. Hunter, and Mr. S. Sullivan. The congregations were good. On Monday afternoon the children had their annual treat, which was followed by a tea for adults, and a public meeting, at which Mr. Goldsworthy presided. Addresses were given by the Revs. A. C. Gillies, R. M. Hunter, Mr. Z. Jones, and others. Under the leadership of Mr. Woolcock the scholars sing a number of selected hymns in a very pleasing manner. On Thursday, September 8, the choir of the Grassy Flat Baptist Church, assisted by Messrs. W. Piercy and J. Holmes, repeated the service or' song, •• Eva," at Magill, before a large audience. The Baptists at the latter place kindly lent their church in order to help the building fund of the church in the hills. The service was much enjoyed by all p"^ent, and the collection realised nearly £6. Miss Playford presided at the harmonium; Rev. Geo. Hogbeu acted as conductor, and Mr. R. W. M. Waddy gave the connective readings. At the close of the service Mr. Jas. Holmes entertained the choir and several of their friends to supper in the large class-room underneath the church. The anniversary services of the Bible Christian Church, Morchard, were held on the 4th of September. The Rev: J. Wills, of Walloway. conducteJ the afternoon service, and the Rev. J. Dingle the evening service, when two excellent sermons were preached by them. On Tuesday, the 6th, a public tea was held, followed by a public meeting, which was presided over by Mr. A. Toop. Mr. J. Airchison read the report, and addresses were given by the R;v. J. Dingle and Messrs. Till brook, Nancarrow, and Lucas. The choir rendered excellent assistance. Mrs. Dingle presided at the organ. The proceeds, which, including promises, amounted to £28, were devoted to the chapel fund. The anniversary of the Bible Christian Church, Allendale, was held on Sunday and Monday, September 4th and 5th. On Sunday three sermons were preached by Rev. J. A. Burns, from Port Adelaide. Oa Monday afternoon a well-attended tea mseting was held. The public meeting was presided over hy W. Lewis, Esq., J.P., and addresses given by Mr. W. R >bins and Revs. J. Raymont and J. A. Burns. Proceeds, nearly £25. On the following evening Mr. Burns gave his popular lecture on " England's Iron Duke—the hero of a hundred fights," in the Kapunda Church. The chair was taken by Mr. W. Oldham. The lecture was eloquent and interesting, and at its close a vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Burns. The attendance was good, and the collection satisfactory. We have seen some very excellent portraits executed wholly in crayons, which are life-like and finished productions. They are bygMr. Van Kaspelen, whose advertisement appears in another column ; and, judging from the fact that they are not mere enlargements of smaller portraits, worked up and liable to fade, but wholly drawn and artistically finished, we think he should command a large amount of patronage. Happiness is having what one likes ; contentment is liking what one has ; but contentment is only the pale ghost of happiness.— Miss Palfrey. 