FREEMASONRY EXPOSED. The following graphio (?) letter, con trihuted by "A Victim," t" the order, which appeared in the "Freemasons' Monthly MIagazine," will dloubi'les Ii. read with interest:- "I have joined rho Mason fraterntry, Mr Editor. I am a free andi iccerted son, or brotlher.or whatev r it iv. of tlr' ancient and mysterious:orcraisati n. I have belonged to min y a-ciet societie in my time-I have been an Oran.eman and a Son of Temperance, and a Fenian end, ir I remember right, I once it. - longed to a gang of coiner'- but t'i Masonic arrangement, ti's ir'irtution of the compass and seqare, distaInce thie . all. I have often wondered " ht asrtI of a thing a Mason was-in what re spect he differed from an orlinaty IhelK Againand again have 1 pumped per sons who I thought knew what was what with a view of finding oat some thing regaid'ni there queer men, but it was no go. Mum was the word; and those who could tell wouldn'r, and thosethat would couldn't; for furrher information I was to go adt find oar. I had a vague idea of my own that a Mason was a sort of a enpernatitral b..iiI a regular ring-tailed roarer, with horns and hoofs to nmatch, who could come down the chlimoy, or go, through the key-hole, and di.eappear like a flash of lightning-a chap that c.uld knock blazes out of a fellow with a wink of his eye, and of whom the devil himself was afraid. ',There is one singular thing connected with Masonry of which you are perhaps not aware, and that is, a Mason never dies. Occ·aionally it is given out that a bro'her has departed this life, and the fraternity it respectfully summoned to do honor to his rema:ns; but it is all a sham, a big swindle, gotten up to throw dust in the eyes of the uninitated. The coffin in stuffed full of bricks, and de posited with due solemnity in the come tery, while the brothers and friends ar, blubbering their eyes out over the grave of the dear depar ted, and the departed is quietly enjoying himself in the back room of seine hotel, preparatory to leaving for parets unknown. "It is a fact, Mr Editor Masons never die. They may change their appearance and move off to other spheres, but as for dying, they can't do it. It is sup posed hIy some that, after they have transacted wickedness enough on this earth, they tire transformed into comets and meteors, and go wandering through space, kicking up shines and raising the devil generally. And a great many people supipose t a' the luast meteoric display was nothing more nor lose lthN. a free fight.t between some rival lodges that have cros-ed each other,s path-the different colored light betoken log the different degree they had ac quired in the flesh. "Freemna.onry is of ancient dot", ni p eyed by the fact thaut durinti the wet season Noah u-ed to hfld meetings in the cornet of the ark. He iwas obliged to give I' up, however, owing ti, the curisity of Mrs Nosh, whi, ntothlwith standing the fact that her husband pl1 aced a big pair of lions and a big crocodile at the door as outside guard, came pretty near finding out the secret, and starting a female lodge on her own hook. "I must tell you the peril and trials I had to undergo to become a Mason. On the evening irt question, I presented myself at the door or the lIdge-room No. 68,066, sign's of the skull and cress-bones. I wep couductad to the auteroom, where five or six melancholy chaps in sashes and eobroiored napkins were waiting to receive me. "On "ny entrance they till got up and turned back somersault, and then quietly resumed their seat. A big lit fellow, who sat in the middle, and who seemed to be the proprietor, then said Binner from the outward would,advance. I advanced. 'Will yoru give tp every thing to join us?' 'Not if I know it' said I. 'There's my wife and fourteen fine-' (Another paity here told me it was a mere matter of form.) T'l'ie fallow in the towels then gruened, and said, 'Tis well. Do you a ear never to reveal anything yoi may oee or he,, this evening, not to your wile?' I said 'Pon my word, I will nt.' ''lhey then examined my t ,th and felt my mrnscl.e and made me put out my tongue, and then groaned again. I raid, 'If t on don't feel well, I have got a little, bottle here, that-.' Here the fat tgat took the hottl, f orn me, and told me to shut tip. le thIn in a vi'ce" of thunder, eaid 'Bring fbrth thebo oat,' Another fellow tlheon cacti forth to bllndhtld me. 'No, yitu don't, Mr Mason,' I said; 'no trick on travellers, If you ptlease. I don't believe in nlaying blindm.,l's htff with a goat. I'll r da the devil f out like, b t I don't go it blind. 8tad bhack. ot I'll knock you t.to sniitlherens.' 'lh.*y wer' t,, ,n mo: for me, hlowuver, and I obad to ,uumit t I e blindfoldedl. Tht, oat was th...i ted i,, andil I could h. ar im tntking an awhl racket imtngn the furnittre. I bhegarn to leol that I Was urtet tly wanited at home, but I was in for it, inrd could not help myself. Three ir for l lows then seize,' Itmt, andl wiiu a demtninlI laugh pihehil me on the stl mcl's Iack. ,lling meat the same time t. look eiti. Itr squalls. I have bieet in a good many scralee, Mr Editor-I've i en In an electrut flhht, I've been pitched out of a four atorey window, I have gine down in a rail road cillisisi, atln up in a steamboat expl-i slon, but thlis great onexrursion wasee ahead Ii them all T?he iofbiunded tlin, must be all wings and horne. It bumnped me acainst theu tables sand the stove and the e.lhig. hiut I hang cq like aTro.jan. I turned he t aeomter saalts,antd rolled over lol I thouhtittr was all over With me; I was just on the point ,: giving up when tihe bandage fell Irtn mhte eyes, and the goat bounded thrtugh the windor with a yell like a Camnchie Inlisan giving up the ghost. I was in a Lodge of Masons. :They were dancing a war dante arolund a, ytulifanId plaoyig leap frog and ornting handeprlnge, and the big fat tIllow of the ante.room was standing on his head in the corner. fltishlig thoconteonts of my little bottle. Order was soon restored, and I ars led up tom desk and told tostand'it my ease. The chief engineer or the establllahment then p?i his le thnb to his nose, ad stretching his ingers in the shapo of a fan towards me, commanrded silence. The rest of the brethern did likewise and were silent. Tle governor then addressed tme:-L ]rother Knobb, you ar unw1 one of us. You are now s membor o. an instittltiol tlhnt has lasledLYer r,eni mil 11 u t of years. Frlom, Ithis time hence your con sti ,iri,, is .sInil. You are impervious to L' hli r Ih at, or ni, other atmospheric in fluelce. You v.re wtter proof, fire proof, and over roo. Yiilh impunity you may walk throtlgll thie laie, or sit on a red hot stove; with imp airy drinik nquafortis. rye whlisky, Wal?Ie hitters, or aim other poisonous sub srt.nre.. You are free from rhunmatlism. dyVpepsal, whoopini rough, sad the masel . The;shierif dare not seize you for debt, no' the r licernr oir "is'?isder?rn.lnor. You are at u-, rid vli ri'.r -ue. here inthoe pa.*s.ward; with that and a big club you can get into any lo it C'hlrslelll.' I then stood the whisky sati ester ull the way round, and I w a r i.see ranld acepted Masoa." 