HIC JACET. (The Morgan Ministry.—Born October, 1877 : died June, 1881.) Ye muses nine inspire me while I sing The Morgan Ministry—that wondrous thing! Smooth should the verse unto the reader seem, That has for subject such a varied theme. What pictures fill the vision backward seen, As I review events that happed between The present and the time, when, undermined Their power to stand, the Colton team resigned. Then Boucaut took in hand the reins of State To guide the country; till decreed by fate Upon the Bench as Judge to take his place— He gave Will Morgan front rank in the race, And left the storms of Ministries' affairs To breathe a Judgeship's calmer gentler airs. Then Morgan, with success, essayed to form Th' Administration which has braved the storm While near three years have rolled their lengthened course. But now surrenders as a last resource. For Education first, our Rowley Rees, The chosen of Will Morgan, failed to please; So he resigned, although he felt the sting, While in his place there reigned another, King Who, abdicating after, did allow The third in Education, Basedow. Then first as Treasurer in Morgan's plan There came the genial lawyer, Charlie Mann, Who of finances had such notions dim He knew as much of them as they of him. As pleader in the Courts he wins his fame And calls down just encomiums on his name. Sharp in retort, he understands the laws, And hides or finds, as pleases him, their flaws. Although a lawyer, he could find his way With proper guidance through the long array Of figures that crowd np a Budget speech. He sought his dim and distant goal to reach, And made to meet the revenue's two ends, To balance nicely what the country spends. But Charlie felt he'd gain far more renown as its Solicitor to serve the Crown; So he resigned, while, with a hopeful face, The Ministry saw Fowler take his place. Fowler resigned, and Bo trust veil we see In Morgan's team as Treasurer number three. Bnndey deserted, Symon filled his shoes. Hoping for fame, he scarce had fear to ose. Till at the last of all the leader's train Playford and Hawker only did remain. With scarce a limb that it might call own, Yet still the Ministry some life has shown As beetles of some legs and wings bereft Still kick and flutter with what they have left. It lost its head, though—Morgan left s post; And then at last it yielded up the ghost. —" E&oes; and Re-Echoes," in the Adelaide Observer 