GERMANY AID THE JEWS. ;? Nothing so clearly indicates the perilous condition of Germany at this moment as the powerlessness of the Executive in the presence of that popular persecution which is now shamefully raging, and ? which has been euphemistically described as the great anti-Semitic movement. While the most worthy, the least offen sive — in all probability not the least highly . cultured — citizens of Berlin are being hounded through the streets — forcibly ex pelled from the places of public resort — wantonly insulted and outraged in the capital of Prussia under the eyes of the police — the authorities contemplate the performance with the calmness and com placency with which a body of evicted tenantry in Tipperary would look on at the humiliation of a process-server. .From the Emperor of Germany downwards there is not a man of commanding posi tion in the Empire (save one) who hay openly, publicly, and emphatically ex pressed his abhorrence of long-continued brutalities, the toleration of which would bring shame and humiliation upon the least civilized of Governments. The Emperor, if rumour is to be trusted, so far from expressing his royal indigna tion at the dishonour of his Empire, actually protects, in the person of on© of his chaplains, a prominent offender: for on its being represented to his Majesty that his most un- Christian Court Preacher should be restrained _ in the ardour of his religious animosities it is reported that the Sovereign replied that he was not aware that his chaplain had committed any political offence, and if he had been guilty of ecclesiastical misconduct he could be dealt with by his religious superiors, Prince Bismarck ^—^— ~-~^ ? - — ? — has, as far as wo luivo boon able to ascor tain novor said ono word in open con demnation oi: a (itato of things which more than anything oIbo could possibly do, proclaims' nl; the muno tiino tho dangers and tho helplessness oi: tho Prussian Government. The solitary oi t&ptidn; to whom v/o have roiicrrod h tho (jrowri Prince 6?. Giormany; who Kpealring at a charitable meoting in Berlin, pro nounced the nation to be covered with disgrace by theso proceedings. Meanwhile the example of highly-cultivated Prussia is being followed to Rome extent in Austria, and it is feared that tho anti Jewish aentimonfc ia to bo aroused and cultivated in Bussi a. It ia now pretty wol 1 understood that tho movement proceeds in the first place from tho aristocratic classes, and that the motives which have stimulated German guardsmen and the Teutonic curled darlinga ol: the nation are tho splendid vulgarity of German Jewish millionaires, and the dangers which menace tho oxchtsivenoss of high goeioty by tlto wide-spread influence which enormous wealth gives to many of the Jews. In plain English, tho Jews are the creditors of an impoverished and intolerably haughty nobility, who propose to discharge their liabilities to the last farthing by cither murdering or expelling from the country their importunate debtors. The social inconvenience of the Jews is comprised in the simple circum Btance that they are the holders of many thousands of worthless acceptances, of what are called in. grim irony the superior classes ; they aro tho mortgagees of town and country houses, they are the bankers of .Berlin, and notles.s there than in any other part of 'Europe are tho dealers in money of the world. To a splended aristocracy, not embarrassed by nice conscientious scruples, to meet Jews under any circumstances save when one is compelled to seek them for their money, is an inconvenience and an annoy ance, and somewhat of a humiliation. Our Crown Prince and our late Prime Minister in England (the political chief of our aristocratic party) can feel themselves honoured in participating in the festivities of a Jew's wedding. But your least ennobled Teuton could hardly under the bitterest (stimulus of poverty add to his suffering by taking part in any such ceremonials. Tho best Prussian society, le beau moiuh of Berlin, which is said to be the dreariest, the most melancholy social contrivance which this planet has ever seen, would regard with the sternest displeasure any such forgetfulness of what was due to their exalted rank as the public sharing of Jewish jo3rs or sorrows. But this supreme order has not tho least repugnance to borrowing the patient accumulations of the Jews and pay ing their debts in the coin of perse cution and very possibly, if things go much further, of martyrdom. Thus we read that in the capital of what is boastingly said to be the most educated nation in Europe, the new year was ushered in by brutal riots, of which the perpetrators were highly born University students, and the victims inoffensive Jews — whose sole crime appears to be that they were drinking beer in the cafes. Of all the American humourists the one who would be most highly qualified to treat these diversions of blood and culture is the facetious gentleman who, under the well-known name of ' Hans Ereitmann,' thus lays clown one of the cardinal prin ciples of political party action, as it was ' protocollirt by Dochtor Emsig Grabler, who in Jena vonce atudiret ' — Und ash mind ish do highest form of Grotfc as in Ifichte dot abboar, He moost alfays go mifc de barfcy dufc go for lager bier. The debate on tho immigration vote was in a certain sonso instructive. It was amusing too to see Mr. Fletcher and Sir Homy Parkes vying with each other as tho genuine friend oi: the working man. Wo immigration — no Chinese — no moro cheap labour — but, nevertheless, more manufactures, and overy man his own master — compose fcho rafchor badly fitting planks of Mr. Fletcher's platform. Sir Henry went on a different ticket altogether. Having submitted an immigration vote, he could hardly venture to assert that he was totally opposed to immigra tion — as ho might have done if the vote had been submitted by somebody else. Wo, but he and his purpose had been most vilely misrepresented and maligned. He a, party to lowering jfche rafco of vages^ lie do anything to eongasfc tlio labour market ! Tho Regulations, indeed, providod thafc ablo-bodiod labouroro and tradoomon wore to bo imported — but ho spurned tho buoo aunpicion that their passages woro to bo paid for tho above purpoao. Mr. Flotchor oaid no, and tho work ing moil oaid boj but that v/a-j bocauoo lie and fchoy know no bol,l,or. Me or tlioy had 'novor onoo placed tho question in tho light in which it appeared to tlto Government.' Of course that \van conclusive that they muot bo al together in tho wrong, for if f,hoy had boon right, they munfc naturally have taken fcho Game view as fcho Premier Cud. They would then hnvo soon that ' inotead of ifcn being a paltry quostion between labour and capital, if- wno a grand na tional policy.' That alters tho caoo entirely, of couroo. Wages might fall, the working nion might oufl'or, but tho thought of forwarding a grand national policy would surety eomponoato thorn for all the privations of enforced povorl.y. Sir Henry himself had toiled for his bread with as much privation and hardship uu anybody, and unlike ' those members of the Houeo who pro feoood to understand tho working classed, but who were withdrawn from their operations now ' — in fact, the working [men who did not work — ho know that a supply of broad and butter was a secondary consideration to tho real working man. In ohort, whatever tho workingmanVropre oentafcivos might say or suggest, Sir Henry Parkes id the real and only friend of tho working classes. Codlin's your friend, not Short. Even if Mr. Fletcher could revive our languishing manufac tures, thero would still bo unemployed wanting work and meat. Thcro is but one genuine panacea for supplying meat to tho starving — nothing liko '' a grand national policy ' to satisfy the cravings of: hungry stomachs. Tji K accusation that Sir Henry Parkes has no sympathy with tho working classes is only paralleled by the atrocious libol. fchafc in his seem., ing hostility to the Irish he has not had lho true interest of that misguided pooplo at heart. His d cairo to placo restrictions upon their immigration to this country springs from tho very loftiest intentions. Family affec tion is a vory noblo instinct, but They aro ditugorous guidon, the fooliugs, and no doubt his own personal experience convinced him that oven family affection might bo carried too far. ' Ho fully admitted that there was groat virtuo in porsono putting themselves to inconveni. once, as they frequently did, in raising the neces sary money to oend for their poor relations.' But while making use, for a purposo, of tho fact, that people do not make such sacrifices merely to swell the ranks of tho unemployed by the addition of their friends, still tho exorciso of this peculiarly Irish virtue had proved a danger and reproach to the British, character of tho people of this country. Tho remarkable feature of tho transaction is that by tho production of an old lettor from tho late Agont-Q-eneral he makes a show of summoning Mr. Forstor as a witness on his side and the side of intolerance. The letter servos a double purposo also in parad' ing the fact thafc fcho Freeman? s Journal was wrong in maintaining that the regulated propor tions of Irish immigrants wore not sent here in 1877 — wrong because tho balance wa3 the other way for the half-year ending 1878 ! But ao an agent of intolerance invoked, to bolster up the ghost of a Protestant ascendancy, which never existed, Sir Henry Parkes has fixod upon the wrong man. Mr. Forster, indeed, wa3 never partial to Parkesian ghosts, and long ago declared, as he declarer now, for the ascendancy of truth and justice, because ho has always been jealous of the fair fame of tho British character. In a certain senso there is nothing really as tonishing in the astounding revelation made by Mr. Fitzpatrick in his place in the House . on Tuesday, on relinquishing his position as leader of the Opposition. Ifc should bo no subject; of surprise to us by this time of day to find that, however much a leading politican may be re spected for his private character and ability in debate — however right his political principles — however closely his political views may harmonizo with those of hie part}', and however masterly he may be in expounding them — it should still, we re peat, be no subject of surprise to find a number of his political adherents renounce their own principles and break every tie of friendship and of party rather than ' givo a vofco which had a tendency to put a Bouun Catholic into power,' This thing has been dono so often that tho bigots themselves have ceased to blush at an open confession of their own bigotry. It is now an established practice to hound down every Catholic T/ho aspires to a prc minonfc position in fcho community. This is what colonial politics have ounk to at last. The Weavnes, tho Watsons, tho Hills, and tho Hurleys vaid a certain deference to public opinion in thio rospoefc. But intolerance no longer retires to fcho back stairs or fcho privacy of tho Ministers' room before throwing off the mask. Ifc is significant that tho oxamplo of shamolons in tolerance h:m now boon sot by tho very Minister who [.(line yearn ago fcroachoroualy compounded for the retention of office, on sufferance, with half a-dozon sneaking bigotn, by fcho betrayal of hio own colleague. Again wo have accounts of Soufch Sea massacres from the Solomon Islands. Captain Sehwaifcz, of tho schooner ' Loslie' has boon promedifcafcely at tacked and murdered, and from nafcivo reports ifc is to bo feared f.bnf, Captain Laurie, of tho 'Black Hawk,' lino met. with a similar fafco. That any ono of fcho late numerous outrages should have occurred ia lamentable, but; thafc they should have boon allowed to continue and attain tho character they have is a national disgrace. Tho trade to thoBO parts of fcho world ia a valuable one, and not only it? a large amount of capital invested in ifc, but. many hundreds of Australian citizens are employed either in vessels or on illations among tho various groups. England has engaged in many a costly war with far less inducement and justification. But as fcho capital risked and the lives lost in the South Seao aro mostly Australian, theso coloniesjjhave a natural right to demand that a stop bo put to future out rages, »nd the Hvob and property protected of those engaged in island commerce. Although fchc Hoiiio Government maintains a squadron in these waters ostensibly for the protection ol! tho colonies, yofc the men-of-war resemble the pro verbial policeman by being conspicuous by their absence when required. Prevention i3 better than cure, therefore the least wo have to expect ia that one vessel should always be kept among those islands where thero is a probability of a re currence of those atrocities we have lately heard so much about. Wo aro aware ships require to bo refitted and the health of their crows recruited, but ifc would need very little diplomacy to arrange for the continual maintenance of one oohooner in tho Solomon group, in place of tho whole squadron being employed for fivo successive months in ' doing the block ' at Hobarfc or Sydney. Thafc immediate action be taken in this matter is imperative ; therefore if fche homo Government foole unequal fco fcho task of teaching a fow savages to respect; fche British flag, ifc is high time the colonies assumed authority to do so, when we have no doubt that ' man Solomon ' would speedily learn a lesson which would be bonefioial fco society afc large. 