The Revised New Testament. LEOTUBE BT Dß. MOORHOUSE. . THE Sand hurst correspondent- of the Melbourne ARGUS reports that tho Bight Rev, Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop of Melbourne, delivered a lecture on " Tho Doctrinal Effeota of tho New Version of the New Tes tament," on Wednesday evening, at St. Paul's schoolroom, Sandhurst, to an audience numboring about 800 people. The lecturer was listened to with profound attention. Tho Rov. Canon M'Cullooh occupied tho chair. Dr. Moorhouse romarked that he had not undertaken the task at this partionlar time to criticise tho scholarship of those who had been entrusted with tho work of re« vision-for, considering the company engaged, no one could venture on that. Tho title of the leotme should have boen " Tho Drift or Tendenoy of the New Version," but he was afraid thia title might mislead some of them, and that they might imagine he meant that thero was a drift in tho minds of the translators. This would be wron?? as there waa not the ghost of a drift. He (Dr. Moor house) had taken some littlo pain B with this new ver sion. Some people pinked ont favourite passages, and condemned them. He had read the whole .'of the new version, bat as time would not permit, he would only select a few of the passages by way of illustra tion. In the fifth chapter of Matthew, the 22nd verse, the words "hell fire" were ohanged to " hell of fire." The translators appeared to be a little timid and conservative, but this was excusable when the nature of the book they were engaged on was considered, and the wondor was they were not more eonaervative. He thonght the word " hell " should not have been left in the version, but that the Greek word in the margin. " Gehenna," should have been used. The passage was symbolical, and Christ was not talking of the visible realis sym- tio, bat the bolio realistic. Again, in the 24th chapter of Matthew, 51st verse, the language whioh describes the future punishment was purely symbolical. The Apocalypse was also symbolical. In the 16th ohapter of Revelation, 7th verse, the words, " And I heard the altar saying," occurs. The words " Another out of " were omitted in the oldest and most faithful manusoripts. Every one, of course, must know that the altar did not speak, and that passage also was sym bolical. The word " eternal " was rendered "unto the ages," and it depended on the context whether "unto the ages" meant for ever or an indefinite time. The word "eternal" was druged in Luke xi. 18; In the last verse of Jude the word " evermore" ooourred-the only place in the Testament-and there it meant all time. It was interesting to note that the word " everlasting" was always translated aa " eternal" in the new version. Eternal related to ota8-age, the same as in the Greek translation. In Titus ii. 2 the word "eternal" showed the time was oyolioal. God gavo a oortain system for a time, and then this would pass away and give place to another progression. The word "damnation" was entirely exolued, and very pro perly BO too. The meaning of the word had beoome ohanged, and was made to mean everlasting condem nation, and had therefore been abolished. In RomanB xiv. 23. it was rendered, " He that donbteth is con demned." In Corinthians, ohapter x, 29th verso, where the pasaage relative to eating and drinking unworthily of the body and blood of Christ oooura, the word "damnation" had boen removed and " judgment " substituted. This was simply a tem poral punishment ; there was only a slight reference to probation after death in the Testament, the parable of Dives and Lazarus being the only passage in whioh it was referred to in detail. In every catastrophe numbers must perish whose pro bation had not been oompleted. Did they believe that heathens and others like them had oompleted their moral and Spiritual probation when the aooi dent of death oompleted their existence P It was impossible to believe it in the old fashion.- They had to refer them to the covenant mercies' of God. Tho 10th verse of the 1st ohapter of Ephesians was also greatly ohanged, and it now told them that Christ oamo into this world and took our flesh that He Bhould so improve the minda of all that they should reflect His beautiful image, and Bum up all things in Christ. In the 19 th verse, 5th ohapter of Romans, the artiole " the " was inserted, and the words "the many" meant the wholo mass of humanity, whioh brought them to .the conclusion that God's love waa universal. In James ii,, 14, the word "faith" oeours. There waa no doubt faith could save) but a man having faith who hath not works alao could not be saved, and this waa borne ont in the now translation. After some reference to the inaertion of the word "the" in several places, the leoturer aaid that the new version accentuated wonderfully tho value of tho spiritual in religion. There waa a groat ohango noticeable in John v., where the wholo of tho fourth verso whioh related to tho angel of the Lord troubling the waters of a oartain pool was omitted. This passage did not exist in the andient version, and its omission waa the welcome removal of a burden. He said tnis, not because he did not believe in tho miraculous, for Jesus Christ waa tno groatoat miraole, but thia waa a miraele of a peouliar oharaoter. Several othor expres sions used in tho old voi sion had disappeared altoge ther. There were some who werein tho habit of making much of conversion in their preaching. Thor o wero only two passages in whioh this favourite word "conversion" now ooourrod-in tho Acts and in James. Tho word really moant turning good to ovil, or evil to good, and it was now rondorod " turned." Except ye turn ye shall in no wiso enter the kingdom of heaven ; oxoopt yo turn and booomo truthfully independent, like littlo children, yo shall not find tho kingdom of heaven. Tho turning from wilfulness to dependenoe was moro perfeot when it waa done slowly and silently than when done suddenly and rapidly. Tho not result of tho work was a drift or tendenoy to obliterate tho stornor statements of tho old version. Tho alterations woro not made capri ciously, nor had any offort boon made to adapt tho text either te tho supposed historical noaossitioa of tho firBt century, or to tho beliofs and specula tions of tho nineteenth century. If any ohango had been made in tho text, it waa made on the authority I of more anoient and reliable manueoripta and versions, andoompollod by tho demands of a more aoourato scholarship. The new vorsion was a thoroughly honest ono, and this being tho oaqo it was snroly vory interesting to observe that tho drift of changos ooincidod with, tho drift of modern thought. It proved, with all its faults, that tho drift of modorn thought was healthy and truthful. In thia oaBe it was to be hopod all men would bo sincero, and solon» tiats and theologians by enlarging knowledge would lead to thoinoreasoof faith-a faith whioh ia made all tho moro oonfidont and asanred quite aa much by what it loses as by what it gains. (Loud , and prolonged applause.) Tho looturo was listened to moBt attentively '. throughout, and tho Bishop was aoaorded a vote of thanks, whioh waa moved by the Rev. Dr.Nish,;)s?'?>]. seeondod by the Rev. Mr. Carlisle, and carried by¡ ;' acclamation. v r ; 