A VERSATILE GENIUS. [GENTLEMAN'." MAOAIINK.1 Many years ago, when wandering on foot in the Highland* of Scotland, I saw a strange vehicle coming down the hill I had just descended, It was a long packing caae, mounted on four small wheels, and surmounted by a rough-looking man, who with a long slick, steered its rattling course by pushing one or the other side of the road towards which it swerved, On reaching the bottom of the hill he dismounted, and told me that he saw me pass the pnblic-hotisc uhovc, and thus came after me for company sake. We travelled together during the day, I walking aud he driving his tmckingcuie. (in the level or ascend ing ground, lie stood behind it, and, leaning forward upon it, pushed it along; descending the hills, he sat upon it and steered as above. He assured me that he could thus do thirty miles per day with all his heavy luggage ; and us he did twenty with me after 11am, this was probably true. I presently learned that be was an emineut journeyman naturalist, employed by a London society to collect insects for amateurs Fifty subscribers of £1 each kepi him at work for the summer months, and he contracted to supply each of the fifty with a cortain number of mounted beetles, butterflies, etc. He communi cated many of the mysteries of his trade, such as "sugaring," "gingtring," "sheeting," etc. " Sugaring was a process of smearing eligible gate-posts, walls, or trees with treacle and glue, or some other unctuous sugary prepa ration. Certain insects were thus caught by the adhesion of their legs and winga to the bait. "Gingering" was A similar use of ginger wine, which, ne told me, was especially favoured by certain species of epicurean flies. " .Sheet ing" was performed by banging a white sheet between the trees of a suitable wood, and in the stilly hoars of night throwing tho light of a bulls eye npon it. Night moths flew against the sheet, wero stupefied thereby, and were easily taken without aamago to their dclicate feather dust; and he was secured from interruption by the ghost stories his sheet invoked. Ho had several other methods of using a powerful lantern, so many and so efficient that he was prohibited from carrying on his trade on certain parts of the coast, lest bo should deceive tho vessels that were sailing by the guidance of lighthouses. Ho made his summer livelihood thus, and in the winter was "tho man in armour" at tho Lord Mayor's show, and a pantnmino policeman. Screwing on skates on tho Serpentine and other odd vocations were added to these. Homo of them would scarcely be callcd reputable by other people, but his only measure of morality WAS success, His ambition tfas atrial. If he could only get a " few swells" to subscribe enough to buy him a balloon, he would niako his for luno. His best job had been in that line. Once, when he was not engaged by the Linnrean Society, bat was Moisting at balloon-Ailing at Cremorne, the distinguished aeronaut aunounccd to make the ascent waa found at tho hour for starting to be so unnsnally drunk that lie could not sit upright in the car j the entomologist was offered £10 for taking his place. The distin guished ngronaut was put to lied, the entomolo gist, dressed in the aeronaut's clothes, ascended gallantly, waved the aeronaut's well-known cap to tho multitude below, and descended snfoly, "For many yearn," says tho llrhbunc Courier, "Mr. Chalmers, tlie missionary, lias played the part of a New Guinea Livingstone, passing Iiia life amongst natives who are a terror to civilised men generally ; and, while un doubtedly carrying nil lifo in his hand, winning tho regard and confidence of these untumeaMc islander*. Writing from Port Moresby on iho 26tli of April, to Mr. Cheater, P.M., at Thursday Island, addressing him by the name he is widely known by in Now Guinea of ' Mamoose,' he gays -'My dear Mamoose-Come j how glad I shall be to see you, though fighting I cannot help you in. I believe you could do more with your troopers than the whole British fleet could do. What can a man-of-war effect in punishing natives? It is simply ridiculous How on earth are marines able to catch men like the Kalo natives ? I should bo sorry indeed if any man of-war'« crew debased themselves by attempting to punish natives in tho way which it is alone possible. Remember that one party- arid a largo one-of Iho Kalo men knew nothing of the treacherous work. Tho instigator was the chief who stopped the sinking, and to panish all by burning Kalo down would be vengeance not at all consistent with onr creed. This punishment of the innocent with the guilty does infinite mischief. To get tho chief, as you suggest, and hang him in Kulo with his two sons would do more good for the prevention of further outrages on this coa.it than all the burning possible. Our friend h'ospeim had nothing to do with the murders, nothing at all, and he is anxious to punish or help in punish ing the actual penictrntors. Alter the Harriet left for Thursday Island to meet I.awes, I took a boat and visited Hula, Kerepuna, and Aroma. I was ashamed and sorry when I met Keapcua, and when he said, " Tamate, jou might have trusted me ; you or no one belonging to you will ever be hurt in Aroma while lam alive." He did not come along the beach to meet mo, and when 1 entered the village he was sitting with a crowd on his platform, with his back to me As I drew near the platform it was too much, and the big fellow threw out his arms and received me His teachers return very soon. At Hula and Kerepunu all were right, received ine well, and begced hard for teachers. My dear Mamoose, good-bye. With much regard, very sincerely yours, Jamka Cuai.mp.IU>.' In reading this letter it is impossible to escape the conviction that if onr Government were allowed to protect onr own people in these dangerous waters by punishing acts of cold-blooded treachery on the part of tne natives, the atrocities That have been such a scandal would soon cease. If Mr Chester were commissioned to hang a few of the guilty chiefs, a powerful deterrent would be presented to such as might be ambitious of distinguishing themselves by the acquisition of white men's slnil Is." Tpbsiv*} Nu.IIT INTO I' VY - The American Northern Klectrk lipht Company wish to he allowed to illominatr lite Capitol at Washington, not by carrying their system into the building at all, hut by limply banishing darkness front tha vicinity of it. Uver the Capitol and at various points in the pound# attached to it they j.rti|.o^e to set op such a blaze of light as will fiil the air with a sort of artificial broad daylight, which would, of course, find its way into the skylights and windows of the Capitol jun as real daylight does. They would L«e altogether 450 lamps of about 6,000-candk- power each, the whole affording the light of iift(i,000 ordinary gas burners, and as many of them would be some 50 feet above the roofs of the building, it is estimated that they would shed light enough over the city of Washington to obviate the neces sity of street lamps. Of course, the proj< \tnis of this scheme demonstrate in the moat com pie' e manner that it would be vastly cheaper than the present system of illumination, but Congress does not appear to be particularly captivated by the notion, and declines to hs^vo nothing to do vrith it This is a great pity, because the ex periment would certainly have been most intere?t tog, whatever the economical iuue might have been, FMRTl>T».-If you do not wish to fall in love, don't commence flirting. This courting for fnn is ilkts boxing for tun. You put on the glovca in perfect humour, -with the most friendly intention of exchanging a few ami cable blows , you linil yourvrlf iiiii nsibly warm with the enthusiasm of the conflict until some unlucky "punch" decides the matter, and the whole affair ends in a clown. I rigUt light. 