THE OPENING OF TCIR NEW OHUROH OF ENGLAND AT J IN D Ell A. The iorm>.l .>;i-ning'ol mo new Cbnrch ol England ai Jnidera took l ce on \vcdnes day, 9th in i.,' and foruied ihe occasion T a v«ry nuinemas catheriu: . xii - bailitiug itself is a ve.-y w 11 boll, him jir-tj-.v d-j.--igi.-3ii structure, ISf" br 25n, wit'i wa Is loft to tue eaves. Tun chur.-ii ii of ed brick, fa:-.-nl wilh white, mid cement copings. Tho ro. f is of Gothic form; Mse i.nuctpa s being oi stained ooiored pine and tile covering i; -a The interim, of ihe bui.ding is plastered ; the floor is of colonial piue, ami tbe siUmg- aro of dca', sta.ueJ a d varnished. The whole c-f the work ii-is been carried cut r, by the architects, o'essr.-i Uaberecbt and Yatos, in a very subs-.a iiai and workmaniir.o m m- ner. The cliurch wfii s.-a eomfor.aofy anuur 120 people. i'h;> opeoing service was htl i at half-past 3 O'ei ...k i -i he afternoon, imme diately afi -r -ire arrivT of ihv- ch -ir oi Matthew's a i.i s-voial other >oca inu.-ieian-- who had kra !iy consented io 1 -nd iheir valuable asi-'.-oiee or. tue occasion. Tho choir having snug t ;o " )'a Deuns," the general cio-.-.-sSl -u ,.nd Lord's Prayer %vere ' read by tbe it:- v. -i. E Tliomsou, i f Gorowa. The l-.s=Oi- -iieu re d by ilia Uev. a. d Acocks. Af-.r-r ;iie ci t tai and prayers frota the ordinary ev.-niog aerv .-. , p>ciai pr-xyeis were read appro rii o -i.e .coisiou. The choir then sang li .- .n.hs.- "I was glad," &c.;, and a kyuio as suua by tir.; eongrcga.iou. The Rev or r.Ge.A tbi-n -.teiivthed iht fol lowing fcrit f adart s : — " My dear - '.V i h isiiacs, — We, the two German Lai -.cra-j eongregations, oougratnla-.e you ou your t.tw ,!m: of worship very heartily, a- d wielx -you th.- best prog-ess in y.-ur chnrch m.it-rs at Jinueri and every where. .May ,no sorviii s ia t bf .- chor-.-.U be always well aueode-o, aud may the Aimiga-.y God bless y-.in, bo;li by tlis word Had saors- meut, as i-y id is li.-iy Apirit, that many may lipn.nmfit fr. i ilm way, and to Lie fauh of our Lord Jesus Giirfs , aud many be saved out of His present ev 1 world, so ihat ihe gidry if this house v.Li be greater thou that of the former; aud may ihe Lora of Hosts give peace to all, for ever and ever. Anion " At the close Mr c:ge a again addressed the congregation iu Geim-iu The ixov. Mr WIEBE also delivered a short sermoa in Grm-u, from a it-xt iu Psalm cxxxii:. The Rev. II. E. TIDmSON, of Corowa. followed with a few well-chosen words with reference to tiie object ol the gathering, in the course of which he remarked that ihe Church of Christ could most appropriately be likened to a family. Following ap this idea, he poiuted out ill it the congregation now assemb.ed, tliougn not ali ine.ii!)- r.; of the Church of England, wcre none the less all members of the Church of Cbrist; nd own ing the same Almighty Father ; all alike bowing their heads to the will of God ; al! alike looking forward to tiie same eoal— t :e happiness that was ;o be the rest of the peop e of God. And as in the earthly family, there were many points of resemblance b;tw.-.-e . the members— the father's features being re produced iu tiie child, the sister beiag like the brother— so also there were to he seen similar resemblances between different mem bers of tiie Heavenly family. Believe: s in Christ might have many po nts of dissimi a- rity, but they were all a ike in their hatred of sin, knowing hoiv hateful it uiu-t be in tbe sight of God who died for them. Tli=y were also alike in their renunciation of self, for no Christian man could be seifish. lie was a: le in his strength of Christianity to say firni'y "No" to all that was wrong, and as unhesit atingly Yes" to all that was right, and to take up his cross aud follow the Master Fo1 lowing up the same train of thought, the speaker went on to show that tiie very differ ences ' between individual Christians aad different bodies ofChristiaus only serve i still further to bear out the narnllpl lie lied e.'iee Even among the Aiiosdles there had been marked differences of charic er arid dis position. St Peter, for example, was bold and impetuous, St. John the very personifica tion of gentleness, St. Thomas so hard to be convinced. Then, again, there was Nathaniel with his love of retirement aud meditation— another type ; ami lastly, the two sisters Martha und Mary. After some further illustrations of a similar character, the speaker concluded by strongly urging his hearers never to lose sight of the fact that they were all members of the family of Cbrist, but ever to look forward to the day when all differ ences would disappear. The Rev. A. D. ACOCKS also addressed a few words to the congregation. He was proud to know that at Fength they had au opportunity of ass »mbling for public worship in a building more worthy than that thereto fore available. And be could not lose sight nf ilia fn/'fc that, in thic mutm tliA.r K...1 .1. —v w VLICJ uau luuuu to thank their German friends for. They had to thank them first for the example set in the erection of the very creditable church that had beon built not very far distaut. Thay had also to thauk them for their sympathy, as shown by their numerous attendance aud liberal contributions on the present occasion. He only hoped that an opportunity wmld some day ba afforded for their hearty apprecia tion of this kindness to be shawn. In ths meantime he desired to return his best thanks to the . German visitors for their kindness, and also to the Rev Mr Thomson, of Corowa.' The Benediction was then pronounced, and the opening service closed. THE tea meeting Teok place in the large building erected for the recent political banquet, which was re-decorated most tastefully with flags aud flowers. The German Band, arrayed in their remarkably neat and becoming uniform, occupiea a position at me ena ot tue Dutiaing. and played various selections of music during the prgress of the fea3t. Of the manner ia which the tables were laid, and of the aba-- dance, variety, and excellence of the viands provided, it is unnecessary to say much. Jindera always deos this sort of thing liberally and tastefully, and the present occasion formed no exception to ths general rule, notwithstanding the faet that the number of visitors was much larger than is usually present at a country gathering. About 8 o'clock the demauds of some hundreds of persons had been fully, satisfied, and the tables were cleared for tub concert. The large hall was crammed to the doors in less than five minutes, and the chair was taken by the Yicar of Albury. After an overture on the piano, The CHAIRMAN rose, and said it had now fallen to his lot to render an account of his stewardship in regard to the financial position of the church . They would doubtl ess remember that some eight years since it had been first proposed to build a church more suitable for worship than the old structure. He did not wish to say one word against the latter, because it had been hallowed by the prayers that had been offered up within its walls; and he was glad tliat it was yet standing, even though they now possessed a mor# worthy temple. He would now, before proceeding to the business part of his re marks, address a few words to them which, but for the length of the service and the heat of the day, would have been delivered in the church. All familiar with Scripture— and he hoped and. believed that the whole of his present audience came under that category —would remember that when David had overcome hiB enemies, and peace had been restored in bis kingdom, he thought to build a house of cedar. It was always the highest ambition of a Jew in those days to have a house of cedar ceiled with vermilion, and he naturally thought that the Ark of God would more fitly be honored in such a .structure than in the tent of goat's hair in which it had heretofore been placed. It proved, how ever, not to he God's desire at that time fox such a temple to be built, and for 21 years later the ark remained in the goat's hair tent. Then it became God's will that Solomon, the son of David, should build the temple ; and they wonld doubtless remember the building of that structure, aud the fact that it was honored by the presence of -Jeltcrah himself. After a time idolatry and -wickedness defiled the temple, and it disappeared. Et was not -'destroyed, but disappeared "and the people were carried -away .into -captivity. On their return they built another' tempi", but so far inferior in point of beauty to .the first, that the old Jews, who remembered the magnifi cence of the original,'' actusl'y wept at ths shortcomings of its successor. But insignifi cant as it seemed,. -tho glory c-f the latter house far exceeded the glory of the first ; for within the walls that Son of Davit — ahe Lord Jesus Christ — walked aud sboke. T ie second temple, beautified ; by Herod-, ev-ntuTly crumbled to the dust. Now what was it that these facls taught? The toinjles hid a pe culiar relation to our churches, -o sacred were they considered that the Jews wern told when they could not- worship in thim, to worship tow 1 yds them. They thus had a special sacroduesF, but in other re-pects our churches ware the same; inasmuch as they were erected for ihe pd-iry of God. Now, the first thing to be remambered was that the House of God should ba at lens; as good as the structures iu which they thi-m-n-lves dwelt. :But G ffi's bouse was uot confined to a house made with hand?, but w«s the temple of tho .living G>d — "a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens," cf which Jesus Christ was tho e-.ief comet - Stone, and nf which he hoped a 1 present would bo living stones. But there were other temples. Their bodies were the t-mples c-f the Holy Ghost ; and in doing honor to Ihe House of G )d, !.h<-y must not forget that thoir bodies were more sacred even " than such a buiiding; because they were templ-'s of the Holy GhosL Shoul ' they, t ier, di-fils those bodies with iutoxiu-itiog lquors? Bodies which wou'd be raissd again, and iu which the soul would dwell for ever. Lot tliem remem ber ibis, that it maLtorod little what became of the m-.v-eri il church— the unro bricks cnl mortar — but that the tern pi a oi their bodies woul i ive on for ever and i-ver. The speaker then referred to the finiuci-1 ctnli'-mn if the Jiniera Guurch. Ho need uot to 1 li-m that there had been many difficulties to ba en countered in the ereetiou if the new building. It bad bniiu determined, however, to do some thing, and something had been don -. They started by burning a kiln of bricks, and he was s my io say mas mo pucks, »i.or iuoy had been burned, remained a 1 qj time on the ground. A few members then subscribed what was, f >r them, a lirgasum; .lid the same contribu ors were kind enough to cart the ?:one for the found itious. This stone, however, a 8 > liy for some years unused. At last a gentleman came forward and vary liberally said that if tondors w re invited for the buiidi ug, and his tender pum-d lowest aud was accep'ed, he wiuld g've £50 towards the building. Tuat g mil .-man's lender was tic- cepto I, and as it wan £250, the aciual sum wus only £20 , which brought tiie to-al cos; of the builang, with furniture, to £380. Towards that sum £237 6- ha-i been received — or rather £188 I7s 6.1 hud been paid, and LIS 10s more promised — dius leaving only £30 to bo raised to extinguish the debi. (Oheers.) Before many months hti hoped- enough would be subscribed to procure all needed for ihe church, aud to p ace it out of debt ; and whenever that time a. rived, they might we 1 think their German frii-iils fir their kindly evmuathv and practical support, not ou'y on that day, but ever sioce they had had r-. 1 iiioas with i-hem iu Jiuderc, (Loud cheers. ) The concert was then proceeded with, and the following programme was gone through in the most creditable style, all the singers being loudly applauded : — Piano Solo Mr Biundell Fare Song — " March of the Mea of H >riech" Choir Song—" TheTrysting Tree "... Miss Stewart Song — " Red Cross Banner" Mr Barnett S-.mg— " Arab's Farewell to his Steed" Mrs Henderson Song — "I never can Forget". ..Mr Henderson Song—-' Kate O'Shane" Mrs Vipan Part II. Piano Solo Mr Biundell Part Song — Blue Bells of Scotland" Choir Duel. — 1 Moonlight, Music, Love, and Fl'.iwi-rs'' Mr and Mrs Henderson RaciUiion — ' The Little Vulgar Boy" vr- n— 1VL L JL Call LC Song — "Fifty Miles under the Sea" Mr Barnett Song— " Won't you tell me why, Bo bin ?" Miss Stewart Song — " We Tars that o'er the Ocean Sail" Mr Vipan Song — " Tliady O'Flymi" Mrs Heuderson Soug — " Nancy Lee" Mr Henderson At the close of the proceedings the usual votes of thanks were proposed and heartily re sponded to. 