THE FRIENDS. Victor Nunelhan had only visited. his club in passing through .London from the country house of,one friend : to another, for it was October, there.-: were birds waiting to be-killed, and'." though not such a keen sportsmain as' to pride hims-lf on slaugihtering his hundreds, he, lihk many another mtatnly young Englishlnian, enjoyqd a. Traimp through the stubblle, or.thn' covert withl a friendly conpanion or tw,. a oun tlhat never itfissed'fife',-l~h' his [well-trained dogs at his heels He was sitting in the library at-thl - club, answerin, a packet. of letters he had found lyving, theree for him, .when he happened to lanci i'iolt'-sds a gentlemau at a distant tatle, similirly - occupied, aitd there was instint.reco -. nition. It was some years since- Victor Nitnelbim had encut'intered .Lscelles Trevear, the voung Dorsetshire.squire, whlo had heen his thvorite chun at school, andl afterwards at college, for Mr. Trevear had beene fond-o .travel. iuny, and quitted Englandl ds soon as he came of sae to indule his taste for it; while Victor had been.tied to the side of an invalid uncle, un'il his death, some months since, had set his nephew at liberty. " Well met, oll friend I" exclaimed Victor, as they shook hands }warmly. " I have made enquiries as .too your whereabouts often: and often;,- but never obtained satisfactory answers::, If one man told me he lid dined:.with you at St Petersburg, the next .had seen you crossinge the Righi, or'fiSh-. ing in Norway." . " Perhaps they oll spok$~the trutlhs Mr T'revear replied; " for I - haio 'done' overy place in" Europe worth seeing; but for the last year or:two I have been lihving quietly. on.the, bor ders of one of the Italiau lakes' : " Resting luxuriously alfter all your periloas adventures ? " But Victor regretted . the merry question as soon as he asked it, .'for a spasm suddenly contracted-. .r 'Trevear's features, Jeaniing them ghastly pale. " It was delicious while it lasted," he murmured; ".but-it is- over,: and is better forgotten. What are you doing with yourself, Nuneham-'": " I have been spending.n few weeks: at Lord Darman's place, near Scar borough, and am now divided whither to accept Carter's--you recolleet littl" Carter ?-invitation to accomopiuny him on a cruise, or:join my cousin (Qien. a Cowes. " Better go with me into Dorset-. shire," exclaimed :Treveari eagerly. " I believe I.could promise you plenty . of fishing -and sshdoting,.. and your,.. society would .be a. boon to me just now. You wiill tliinkl :e.very selfish to urge this -for:my 0wn-sake, butt I have gone -thrb"lgh a great. deal of trouble lately;am ferling far from well, and the sightouf you seems to have done me gob I alreadv. lie was, indeed, looiking so haggard and inexpressibly sad..that Victor felt shocked as lie notieiI the clhange from the lighlt-he'rted, , .,egrgetic. .young fellow he had once known, and .kis..t reply- was proniptly given. ' Upon my word. it's .f1attering to. know that you are so.ivilling to have. me ; and, as I .daire say both Carter' and my cousin will do very well with out tme. Why, I am yours. But I did not know you. had a' phlee in Dorset "shire now ;--I understood that your fither took a disliketdo it, and s6oldt -?': " No; he intended to:do so, but died before he had completed his ". arrangements, and since then, I have been so very little.in England that; have never visited my birth.place, nor determined whether, to rebul.d the ali house, or carry out my fiather's tnten twns. 'However, one of the peighbor" ing squires would like to add,tlie estate .--it is but a small one--o his,. and I must gg down and see whether I think. the sum he, offers is worth havini".'.:t' ' I 'should notrlike;to sell the home of my forefathers, w?hatever its. con dition, " said Victor, franklv. .". "i Tou-would have fe te scruples; "I you id.nplileasanrit recollections con nectedi,with it . bis.friend retorted.. y fay:fither'quitted it sootq after my mother had.died in it rather,:suddenly; and I was so voing that I. retaine-but ,. the ,fintest remembrance of a <gray:"' stone nMansion buried on three sides in' treos,:and having on the other a !lawn. that sloped dow.,to.the edge of a cliff." " Tihepiotuse youdriw :sounds wel .?" " Yo: think so l.Would .:ou like!to_ live _n such 'ksecluded. place alone, and taunted witk dreams aofvanished. hnppiness " ' 'queried Mr '.T-e?drear. bitterly; and his friend hliopughtt.t wvould be prudent not to 4iscs thu:s ,... subjiet any longer..y liefure they separated, arrang'ements were madeiefor the morrow. Victotd -. had no servant, for hq was very, indec pendent in his habls,: and preferied.to. wait on. himself; but: Mr. TI'rvear wvould be aocompaied bh Joe Oarston. the valet wrho had heen an his service for several yeare parst . He was aver?y civil fellow, who readily took charge of Victor's gun-case and portmanteau t when he met his friend at the railway 1 station; and with the freedom of an v old and indulged attendant, commented v on his master's indifferent state of I health and spirits. "Very glad you are going into the s country with us, sir. Just what my 1 master. wants is a cheerful companion, and plenty of out door exercise; soon cnre him. There's nothiig like it for I the liver." " Has Mr. Trevear consulted a doc- I tor," asked ,Victor, "and. is this his dicta?''_. "No, smr; there was no need. Couldn't I tell him myself what ailed ? hi Liver out of order; pnothinig more. He wants no doctoring. Native air, cheerful society, blue pills, and black draughts." ',' you infallible ?" 'asked his amused auditor. "For my own part, rshould have fancied that there were other causes for my poor friend's ex treme depression. " Liver,, sir; nothing else. He'll be a different man after a week in Dorsetshire, " Carston persisted. "You ,ark my words if he isn't. " . .. Victor Nuneham doubted it at. the " time, nor was his opinion. altered when he saw,-the house in which they, were proposing to take up their residence. -Nothing could be more lovely than the situation of the Lodge, as it was called, b??ut years of neglect and non- residence had reduced the gardens to a wilder ness; while the large, old fashioned mansion, though it would have been charming with all the windows thrown open and plenty of figures movidg about within it, looked dreary with the 'bditters closed everywhere but in the tidng swhich the care-takers occupied, and was much too large to be a com fortable dwelling ior a couple of sportsmen wiilionl otne male atten datnal ':But the elderly couple who had re- s Ssided there for more years than Mr. Trevear had been in existence were so pleased to see the master, and so' hos-. pitably anxious to make him comfor table, that the first evening passed offi very cheerfully. : The husband, who had once held the post of butler, knew where to find a 'few bottles of choice claret; and Mrs.' Jones, his spouse, was an excellent cook, and delighted to be-able to. exercise her skill once more for gentle-: men who were capable of appreciating it. Jones, though too old -and stout to be active, was an enthusiast in all out door sports, and could give the gentle men so much useful information, that after dinner they carried their cigars into Mrs. Jones' neat kitchen, and sat ,there listening to and questioning her ,husband till a late hour. Mrs. Jones 'apologized for. having to put the -gentlemen in small chambers adjoining her own for the present, and Carston 'in a temporary bed in a dressing closet. By degrees, and with the help of a girl from the nearest village, she hoped to get the other part of the house in order, and fit for their use. ; Against this Mr Trevear protested. He had no desire, he said, with a shudder, to inhabit dreary suites of rooms, and be compelled to sit all the \- evening staring at the faded splendour of his ancestors. He really preferred Mrs.:Jones's cosy parlour, and in this *his iriend promptly coincided. The beds were well aired, the gen *tlemen slept soundly, and no dissatis faction was expressed in the morning except by Carston, who looked pale and hollow eyed, and in the course, of -the day asked it his master had any objection to his taking up his quarters in the cottage of the gardener.. S"I did notknow that 1 had one; it does not look like it; said Mr Trevear S:with'a glance at the neglected flower 'beds; ' ." i He looks after the kitchen garden sir. It's as much as one pair of hands can do.' He and'his wife are a very civil young couple; and quite willing :to, accommodate me, and I shall al ways take care to be in time with your hot water." - S : Sleep where you like, Carston; -butt you have grown strangely.parti cular! .You .have cheerfully shared iall my wanderings, and never'nur imured if you had to get through the night.on the cold earth. How is it, -then' that Mrs Jones has given you such grievons offence by putting you 'into a dressing'closet." - ' . " "I'm not offended, sir," he an swered steadily; "' the woman: did iher best. But I:had bad dreams. - " Carston knows that all z these old houses are haunted,' Victor Nuneham ,gravely observed, : and he does not `chdose to be the first to see the ghost." ' ".Psbhaw! " said Carston's master; :but thei man looked so rconscious that 'Victor persisted in questioning him.: .c." Confess now, Carston, that you did see something uncanny. " I cannot say anything about it, sir," he answered, wiping his'.brow; -and shufing away too rapidly to be tqdestioned any more. " a-. : It's the first time I have .known I:him to be so absurd," 'Mr Travear ex -'claimed vexedly. "Itmust have been the claret he drank. I. could :have ' staked my life that my matter-of-fact :ivalet never gave way to superstitious 'fancies." . i Of course it' was the claret, and Lwie shall hear no more of it," said Victor, and in the excitement of following up a covey of partridges, Sthe circumstance was forgotten. -:- But Carston adhered to the deter 'mination he had evidently formed of not spending another night in the -Lodge. Heremoved his belongings to the gardener's cottage, and took up his quarters there; but he did not lose his air of uneasiness, and his master noticed that he was careful to get his work finished and hurry across the grounds before nightfall, starting and glancing over his shoulder at the I Sslightest sound, like some timid boy 1 . whose fears had gained the better of • his reason. * "How changed tie fellow is! SMr Trevear observed irritably, as he and Victor Nuneham, while waiting Sfor their dinner, stood at the window and watched him hurrying from the house in this manner. " He cannot Sbe well." i Perhaps he is attacked with the .'complaints he persists in. attributing 'to you. But seriously, Trevear, some : thing must have occurred to alarm him the first night thut we were hiere. I ohad the euriosity to ask him this : morning what .shape the phantom -.tookl and he twr nl :, , quite oser Scome. But. he wl ...... . a, ,, .r; than he told us Iiel,r- iubi lie 111' •hbad bad dreanis." S " There certainly are quelr, i.ulse' in these old passages- and gallerier, Mr Travear observed, abruptly, some time afterward", " The very remark I have been tempted to make to you," cried Victor laughing; " only I was` afraid you would think Carston had infecied me with his fears.: But last night I could s have sworn that someone was sobbin I. bitterly beside my bed whienI awoke; and I hadto rise and liglit my ciindle before I could convince myself that I was alone." -' - ".And I," said Mr Trevear, " have heard whispering inurmurs--made by the rats I suppose-that annoy me because they. seem to resolve them selves' into 'words;- or it, would he more'correct to say tliat lyinig awake, one's inind dwells on the past, till. the imagination becomes excited, and then any unusual sound acts upon it." "You explain it all so very scienti fically, that I hope you succeed in con vincing yourself," his friend replied, drily. " But you speak of these noises you hear resolving themselves into words, What are they ? Did you hear them distinctly ? Mr Trevear replied with reluctance. " Yes; 'I could have sworn last night that a soft sighing voice, inex pressibly sweet and sad, said tome, SBut are you sure-quite sure? ' " ` Sure of what," asked. Victor. And his friend laughed bitterly. " That I am a wronged and miser able man, I suppose." The conversation was ~interrupted by' the entrance of Mrs Jones, who came to ask for orders for the follow ing day, when the cler,?man and :i couple of the neighl'ouriun squires were to dine with Mr. Trevenr;, but when the good woman was curtseying herself away, Victor Nuneham stopped her. with the question, . ". Are there any ghosts in the house, and what are they like ?' G Ohosts! Lor' a mssy, Sir, I couldn't>estop here. another houi if' I thought there was, anything worse anout. the_ place than my self! Whatever made you ask me that? You haven't' had your rest disturbed, have yre?" .;"But- when Victor went to his'cham her, lie was amused to find a watch man's+huge rattle on the table, a riushlight in a' shade, beside a pair. of pistols, and Jones waiting to know if he would like to have his wife's pet terrier to sleep on the rug at his "door. "Man. alive! do you think[ Iwant to do baittle with the spirits ?"' he laughingly demanded. "Certainly not,. sir; lint my wife and me thought you might he nervoti: of thieves; not that the house has ever been attempted,-hut I lived with a gentleman once that was -always fancying he heard burgrlars sawin'g their way throughli the shutters." "I'll accept the terrier with thanks," said Victor; "for my fancies, tend to rats instead of burglars; but you may carry your weapons away, again. But Victor wished he had kept'tlie pistols, when, some one turned the, handle .of his door, and cautiouslye entered. As he started up to inquire who. was there, a hand was laid on his shoulder,` and he was entreated to be: silent. " It is only I-Trevear. Will you get -up and come to my room with me? Ihave made a strange discovery. Move quietly, for I don't care to dis. turb the servants." Victor slipped on some clothes, and followed his friend into his bed chamber, and from thence to the dressing closet Carston had occupied. ft was wainscoted like many of the rooms, with oak, andto his extreme surprise Mr. Trevearled him to where there was a wide split or crack' right down one of the panels.: "Don't think what I am going to say ridiculous," he whispered rapidly. " I could not sleep; and my room seemed so hot and close, that I came in here, and threw myself on yondei couch. Presently my notice was at-. tracted by that split in the panel. I could see a gleam of light 'shining through it, which I conjectured to be caused by the moonbeams playing on the window of the room, that :must be on the other side of the wain'sent'; but presently.a shaidow began to pass to and fro across this. gleam with such regularity that I. grew curious, and applied my eye to the, crack. - -At first I could see nothing but a blank wall; but piesently there passed between me and that. wall the figure of a woman, andj, heard the soft rustle of her silk-' en garments. . "What is your phantom like-"- " Look. for yoursel,"-, sai d-Mr. Trevear, rather suddenly; nnd, step ping.on the chair to which he pointed, Victor nacted on .his. suggestion, and gazed long and carefully through thit crack. . : .. When he moved away into the ad joining' room,, his friend;; followed, crying eagerly, " Well, wel, you are incredulous :no longer! ,I J.' need ,;not ask if you saw her,; or.your looks have told me-.that: already.. Yodu sawv .n woman, rosy,, young; andlovely, her masses of curlychestnut hair gathered under a muslin cap, her arms bare, her dress a fac-simile of the portrait of my grandame .in the breakfast parlour; her smiling mouth--".., "Stay!" cried Victor; "this is no true description of. the; figare thlia passed before my vision,;:and. chilled me with its look of woe. Ibeheld.a young and lovely woman, it.is true but she was fair, pale.and. shadowy, with tresses of gold langing like a veil upon her shoulders ; and when,she raised her thin white.: hands, and wrung them, I saw a deep red: mark on one of her palms." . :.., He stopped in alarm,:; for: Mr. Trevear had flung himself on his bed,. and was in a state of:partialriinsen sibility. \- (To be Continued.) 