<£OlT?0pOlUHJlff, m I Wc do not identify ourselves with the opinions oj »ur 5 correspondent!.] S (To the Editor of the Australian.) W Sm,-I suppose you're leard the rumour 9 that the Governor is very'hinch displeased W with the action taken by the Ministry'ln ? :\ Garrett's matter. The general opinion Jifp ."j here is that Garrett.is too good a general for ( (hem, and when he's got a .bsd case that 1 won't stand the light of day, he içrx^.too, J like Davy Buchanan, and makes a most, suc cessful appeal to the sympathies of his jury. I notice he had a very fine meeting at Moss Vale, where every ono of the " free and en lightened " seemed anxious to shake bands with him, and pat bim on the back. One of the aldermen was telling father that all the lurrik<ns in Parliament roted for him, as also - -, a few members of distinction ; but you can't belieie much in whut Windsor aldermen tell ( you. 1 fancy there's a lot of what is called i distinction indulged in in tbie country : bat my opinion is, if tuere is any distinction . there's very little difference- they'll all hove you if they can. ;* The end of the Milburn Creek affair up to the present is that 38 members voted that (Jarrett ought to be exnelled from the House, whilst 40 of them said that bed done nothing , unworthy of a gentleman or a member of Parliament. The old man says ita nearly a clue up willi the Mimstiy, now that Robert son's left it. You mar depend Ibero's a screw loose 601110 where ; their linchpin or comething of that sort's g MIC, «nd the coach, is awfully bumpy. Father says the Minis i ry's like a sinking ship, and it's a bad omen' « ben the rats begin to desert her. I suppose Garrett, like Hnmlick's ghost, could a tale . unfold if he'd split on them; but I suppose lie won't h r fear souie of his friends might have bein in the swim. They're a fanny lot 'if gents to have the ruling of a country like this, and, us they says in the classics, " more anon." I haven't been able to write to yon for a long time ; I've been very busy on the land ill day and corling at night, so you will see I ve been pretty well employed. I'm going to tell yon a secret-I'm going to be married soon. I'd get married at once if I only had five pounds ; but I've been very foolish lately, and thought I could sp'of" the tfillttflf > of tho Melbourne Cup, and like a lot more of i he knowing unes gut on to the wrong horse. lt's a bad game anyhow, betting, putting vuur bard earnings into the pockets of slot of bookmaking scoundrels, who would cut your throat for a pound. I was rending an old paper I found in my box-they call it a prospectus-it WUB sent round by a man just before he Bturted his newspaper in Windsor. He said he was go ing to provide for a want long felt in the district, and cure u lot of things that were upside down. Anyone would tbink from the wny be talked about curing things that he was a bit of a pothecary, or a quack of some kind ; but all be hus done since is to scatter a little "fullers earth," of a very inferior quality, and ol no earthly use, except for the purpose of patching up a sore back, or curing a chafe on a baby. 1 like to see a man keep bis word. . Didn't I enjoy myself at the Sackville Hench Regalia ; it wau the pleasantest day I ever spent, everyone locked cheerful and happy, especially the ladies. All I'm sorry lor is that I didn't enter Henry Everingham's boat for Hie silver cup, I think I'd hare made it bot for them. It's a wonder it didn't btrikc some of (bern, being a go-as-you please race, that they didn't charter one of tho steamers to tow them round, it's what I'd have done, they couldn't expect you to pull au ark like Henry's. If you ure going lo Sydney next week, t want you lo buy me a new bible, one of the ? everscd edition* just published by the 'Varsity tuen of Oxford and Cambridge, as a speculation. If they're going to alter oar bible, 1 hope we won't find as we're been on ibu wron tr tack. CHUMPKINS. 