E1£]£ElCs\SONBV DESCRIBED. Tub fouowing is from the Fttauuat'e Mfomthlg ltagcnx-.—'! have joined the Masonic fraternity, Ur. Editor. [ am a free aad accepted son, or brother, or whatever it is, of that mysterious oixamsation. I have belonged to many secret societies in my time— I have been m Orangeman asd a aoa ef Temperance, and * Fenian ; sad if I remember aright. I oace belonged to a gang of esiaen-bat this Masonic arrangement, this institution of tbe compass sad sasare, distances them aU. I hare often wondered what sort of a thing a llason was— in what respects be differed from an ordinary being. Again and again have I pamped peraoas who I thought knew what was what, with a view of finding aet something regarding these queer men, but it was no go. Mam was the word ; those who could tell wouldn't, ana those who would couldn't ; but for farther information I was to go sal find oat. I had a vague idea of my own that a mason was a sort of aapemstaral being; a regular riag-taSed rearer, with bams and hoofs to match, whs would come down the chimney or get through the keyhole, sad disappear -Ax * nssh of Ughtenmg— a chap that would knock biases oat of a fellow with a vat of sis eye, aad of whom the Am! hiaaeX **? afraid. There is one singular thing connected with masonry of arhich yon are perhape not aware, sad that is, a aissos sever dies. Occasionally it is given oat that a brother has departed this life, anl the fraternity is then respectfully summoned to do honour to his remaias ; but it is all a shaai, a bigewindle, gotten up to throw dust in the eyes of the unimtuted. The coffin is stuffed full of bricks, and deposited with due solemnity in the cemetery, whpe tbe brothers and friends are blabbering their eyes out over the grave of the dear departed, and the departed is enjoying himself in the back room of some hotel, preparatory to leaving for puts It is a fact, Mr. Editor, masons never die. They saay change their appearance and move off to other spheres, but, aa for dying, they can't do it. It is supposed that after they have transacted wickedness enough on this earth, they are transformed into comets and meteors, aad go wandering through space, aad lucking ap shines and raising die devil generally. And a great many people suppose that the bust meteoric display was nothing more nor less than having a free fight between some rival lodges that have crossed each other's path— the different coloured light, betokening the different degrees they had acquired in the flash. Freemasonry is of an ancient date, as proved by the fact that during the wet season No«li used to hold meetings in tbe corner of the ark. He was obliged to do so through the curiosity of Mrs. Koah, who. notwithstanding the fact that her husband placed a big pair of lions and a big crocodile at the door as outside guard, came pretty near finding out the secret, and starting a female lodge on her own boot. I must tell yon the perils and trials I esdto undergo to beooie a mason. On the evening in question I presented myself at the doot- of (to lodge room, No. 66.666, sign of the .toll and cross bones. I was conducted to the ante room, where Sve or six melancholy chaps is sashes and embroidered napkins were waiting to receive me. On sry entrance they all cot up aad taraea sb»ck.i.iFni.H.aaJthe«qwietly Rammed thawassts. A big tat man. who at m the middle, and who aeemal to be the nranrietar, then said. - Saner frsm the eatwarawsrld, advance' I advanced. - Wffl yen give ap everyaringtojomasr ' Kot 3 I knew it,5 said L 'There's my wife aad foextsen tme ? '(Another party here tail aae that it was ameressstter of fsrm.) T-e leDows m the towels then groaned, aad aaii 'Tis well.' ** Do you swear aever to reveal anything yon easy see ar hear this eveaiag, not to yaw wife T I said, '?Pea my word, I w3 not.' They then enmiaed my teeth sad fdt my rnasdea, aadaaade me pat oat my tongue, aad then groaned again. I said, ? if yasdon't fed srafl -have a little battle here that ' ? . Here the fat sssa took the bottle fram me, aad told asetoahntEp. He then m m. voice of tkaneer, said, ' Bring forth the goat-' Another feBaw then same forth to blindfold me. ' No, yoa want, Mr. Mason,' 1 said; no tricks an travellers, if yoa please. I doot believe m playiag Umdman's buff with a goat. HI nde the deril if yon like, bat I dont go it «bad. Stand back, or FU knock yoa into smithereens. They were too asach for aae, however, sal I had to submit to he bBedfnMcd. The goat was then led in aad I oaald hear him making an iTfnl rirrrr isam^U. faiaitwi I began to feel that I was nisently wanted at home, batlwaajafaritaaacaaldiist beta asyaelL Three or fear feflowa then seized me. sad with a dcwaaral laagh pitched ate en the ssumsTs hack, telling me at the same tisse to look eat for soaaBs. Ur. Editor. Tve been m election fights, Tve been pitched aat of a foar-ator window, I have been in a railway caBiainn, aad f—-p— .^...il i— j. i— a- t-trt^— _ -? excursion was ahead ef them aU. The confounded thing mast be sH wines and barns. It bumped me against the tabks sad the stove aad the ceiling, bat I hang on like a Trojan. Tl I. ? T fluid I ? » iiiinllii, aadroDed over tffll thought it was sD over with me. I was just as the point of giving ap when the bandage fell from mine eyea, aad the goat bounded through the window with a yell like a Comaacbe Indian ovine op the ghost. I was in a lodge of maaoiZ They were dancing a war dance round a siull, and playing leapfrog and turning handsprings, aad the big fat fe&sw;_«f the anteroom was standing an his head in tbe earner finishing the contents of ary little bottle. Order was soon restored, and I wasted Bp-foT desk and told t^staad at Ky ease. The ehs? engineer af the fstshlisbmfnt theff put his thumb to his nose, sal stretch™ bis fingers in.tbe shape of a (an towards me, eoannaaded eQence. The rest af the brethern did likewise, and were silent. The governor then addressed me -.— ' Brother Kaobb, yea are sow sae oTua. You are bow a member of aa institution that has Luted over tea minions of years. Fraav this time hence your canstijatioa m sosnd. Ton are impervious to light or heat, or any other atmospheric influence. Ton are srater pnxif, fireproof, and ever proof. With assamnty yoa may walk through the lake, or ait ens red hot stove; with impunity drink aauabrtk, rye whaky, Wafaoo betters, or any ether poisonous substance. Tea are free from cough, and the aaetaka. Tae sheriff cannot smae yoa far debt, nor the policeman for ansdemesnoar. Tea are aae of as, aad you are sate. Here is the password; with that and a big dub you can get into any lodge af ChriBtendom-' I then stood the whisky and water all the way round, and I was a free and accepted asamn. ? '* I hate found in my years af iife,' aaya al»»»»j— Stenheas, 'that four men exaggerate where one teDs the plain truth.' Let Alex, serve as aaaemor ef taxes and he wont find it eo. As the family of a very ecthsdox. dirme were gravely dafnaamg why the baby was so naughty, a bey of twelve, who had jast ffomuirtlffpd to stady the steam^agine as well as the — *—fci— . aakea 'Papx, as we all inherit the sin of Adam, and the baby is sach a little fellow, taut there * greater pressure of sin to the square inch in the baby than in any ef the rest ef as?' — ffarper'e Mmgazhit. Mem, for preachers ef lone sermons. You win frad it in Dr. Itsiwhs Prime's charming 'Letters,' originally published m the New York O'jra-rer, and now gathered inavohuae. A Scotch minister was asked if he was not very mach exhausted after preaching three hours. 'Oh no,' he replied; ' bat it would bare done yoa good to see now worried the people were.' — Harper's Magazitu. Toe following was picked ap on the eorridor of the Palace Hotel, San Francisco, and as it evidently is the production of some of those premature social stars — yoang ladies who figure at children's balls — we give it place t* show bow these infants copy their elders, even in their correspondence :— 'Miss C. B.'s compliments to Miss E. H. and desires the pleasure of her company this evening. Sapper at eleven. Dancing.'' 'Miss E. fL's eom plimentE to Miss C. R, and regrets! that otter engagements render it iezpossible for her to have the sleasare of accepting. Having been kept in at school every day this week, she has to stady her lessons this evening tO] eight, whea she is to be sent to bed withoat her asaal refreshment. ' Pmiuc Spoor.— Mrs. Smith—' What have you ajeaUeaua been plotting downstairs that you look so (litty r' Mr. South—' Plotting, my love 1 Peeh ! The fact is, we've been baring a serious chat about the disgraceful— yes— disgracefal way foreign hotel* are— er drained, and aB that ; aad (in tae interest of car families, and other English families who go abroad in the autnmn) Jones, Brown, Robinson, and -er— I, have elected ourselves into a Sanitary Inspection Committee, and bawe settled to pop oter. just for a week or two. you know, nd report upon some of the hotels at the best-known French watering-placeg, indudine— er -Paris. Bather a risky thing to do, of coarse ; but we— er— look apon it in the light of a duty !'— rVaes. 