Independent Column. THBBE assess oh Rcuoios BY JOHN StoartMiul. - iLi\ in. XHMOBX&UTr;^ ^ - . .: THE indications of imfaortality are di vided intotwo classes, one depending <m . the nature of the thinking principle in man, the other deluding on the belief - of a Supreme Creator. sipiment of Che older, philosophers vras thatthe thinking principle, i>*5ng kttie *n^ indi visible, was di^inct6t>m|thebodf, and not liable^ las1 the faodyt ^ dorai by a separation ofits }»rt8. Tte imiiidf^Dg without p«rte, aiQple «odin8iTi^Mf^ cannot be sepam|ed Mi to ^i^:' and therefore cannot die. His ktgament was answered by Plato l»y a happy illus tration. A to neon a tnns«»l instrument is cot lite inBtrbineot itself, "it is sejia ntlje from it in tbDn^bt^ yet jt would ] not be logical to conclpde_ibat though the instwio»4nfc" l» ^<Bsi£ojpea i the^tane existed as * terialists t^iat the thinkiog|»rii euhstance independently, feelinp lng, willing, are col ?. believ J&b; a bundle - Entail ? only; j -i iti. -f« L; i«i. .«*'. like the tnnB8«m«! ^ ^ ^ resnlts or "boflily o»^W8ation.#e lesaKe of fJie chemical action dl the *indn. They ar^oe that when twainseeasestoexiBttitBiiiiiilfaalso cease to exist, jnst as the tnne of a piano ibeases to «xist, pr/Ae color-«r thte scent, of a tobc. WltenNflie «?16r dies, its pafam^diffl. , thinking, tin attribute? jot .® oepanate, t-uhstance from the bodj, or«i« ifcey Albibnte, results, effects ct the'fcody ifl '= Uuvnler eajB fte woHwer-of sdnue in not per ^y<»ndn«VB«%er %*y. * It ls not proved tint Wnjyraode doignni wilann can prodnce feeliog or thought. "To make iliBjjpqaof complefce sre^honld produce an Oiganism, and tty Tffhethterit would feel or think* Bat d^t awa cannot he jpan dbT^^^um-iHHn «l»p4erv usiww tons, lut he cannot m&keth;&m; Hunk or fed. Qn tike other hand it is proved that within our experience there is no thought nor feeling without some bodily antecedent or accompaniment, 01, to use the illnstratiGn «f die tune «g»i^ there Is no tone vitfaoat an ; iostrameut Henoe the writer concludes there is mf fideiib evidence Is «sfatUish i& fact that cerebral action, if not the cause, 1$ the eonMSo sine ytwr' mm of mental tolerations ; given the cerebral action IwHing artd thought follow, not ^thernse. Henoe, also, he Bays, Masoning fbsit tite thinking principle isasomethingperM, it dont follow that whea released from its connection with the body itsoaraaway in ftee^cnp. r^fi«ed Ikkq ite eartihTy trammels. ..All thatfidencejjustifies us in stating is that the **handle of attributes "-the %>or \- thinking principle-is left in a state of unconsciousness, wad incapable of exfer cxsing lta functions, l^ere Is no en dence ftua expeq^ce tiiat other condi tions supervenejand bringthe conscious thinking principle, the E^o, intoplay again. Thisis, however, only negative evidence against the continuance jn exis tence of .the Ego, there Is no positive ugament against .it. And here the; writer draws an acute distinction, and points out the dagger of falling jinto the logical fallacy called transitu* « qencm ad gauu-that is, applying *lb argument from one class to another and totally dif ferent dais^ Md thatuthe fallacy ' the, Materialists fall into. . They aigne that I becaaae thought and feeling nre always found associated in oar experience with cerebral action, one following from the other, that therefore when the bodily apparatus ceases to exist then thought mustalsonecessarily cease toexist; that, for instance^ 1 and 2 feeing -always «SBO- | elated together, 2 never being found existing without 1, that, therefore, it never can exist withont I.. Mill says the oniform co-existence of: the two facte-* say 1 and 2-does not make theonfefaet a part of the other, or the same as it.. Nos. 1 and 2 hang always found together, it does not follow that No. 2 is a part of No. 1, or the same as No. 1. There is nothing absurd in supposing No. 2--the thinking principle- to go on, or. recom mence |mger. ; other conditions. He defines a thinking substance as a series J of thoughts connected by memories. We can concave those attributes of thought and feeling existing separately from their concomitant bodily apparatus. Tliere is no evidence against this, but that Nega tive evidence, which consists in the ab sence ofevidence in its favor. This negative evidence is not so , strong as negative evidence often is. That such a tiling as witchcraft ever existed is dis proved by negative evidence only, but it is as strong as any positive evi dence. If witchcraft existed, it existed on this earth ; if it existed on the earth there would be some frets to prove it. There are no such facts, therefore witch craft does not exist. But that proof fails when applied to the thinking prin ciple. Its disappearance at death is not a proof of its extinction ; there is proof that it does not remain here, but these is no proof that it does not exist somewhere else. Tt has disappeared from this planet the proof reaches to that; the Ego no j longer goes about or interferes in the' riiingR ot life; m much may tte granted, but there is a vast difference between that and annihilation.: The Materialists urge that the whole evidence of .Nature points to the decay of all .things, and it is illogical to presume a continued exis tence for the Ego or thinking principle, when we see all other things come to an end. The moid; beautiful flower, exqui site in form, color, and perfume, grows up from a root, conies to perfection in a few weeks or months, and lasts only a few boors or days, why should it be diffe rent with man alone 1 Mill spyB, why should he not f The material argument errs by the same fallacy as previously re ferred to. The flower is but the root in another form, matter perfected ; thought and feeling are not the same as the cerebral arrangements causing them. We cannot argue from one to tbe other-- what is true of one may not be true of the other 1 Here again Mill touches on a profound thought. The only thing, he says, which is real, and which we know to be real, is oar feelings fn.l thoughts. Matter we dont know; its existence »e dont know ; we assume that matter exists, in order to account for our sensations; .we do not perceive matter itself; we are not conscious of matter-we are conscious only of the sea- j sntions we receive from it as we suppose. Our consciousness is a series of sensations , -they endnre; we refer them to some thing outside ourselves, to other seusau tions or possibilities of sensations; the Ego, the thinking conscious principle, is surrounded by what is called n*aiter, giv ing rise to the series of sensations; does it f jllow that when the matter-the body, die brain-ceases to cause those sensa tions that the Ego itself must also cease ? The Ego-thought-is real, the matter ; uncertain and unreal, donbtfdl at b«t It. ' is not logical, therefore, to say that when the unreal, the doubtful-Matter, ceases to exist, that the realand certain-the Ego, should also cease to exist. Mind is die only reality of which we have evidence, .and there can bi. no analogy or com , jiarisou made between it andother realities, because there are no other realities.with which to compare it. It does not follow from'tint . that it is immortal.; f Mind may be a leility^and the only reality of whitfi, with its being p< Wbetbeirth&iuuid; '** -*idSe* human knowledge and experience." There is a total absence of evidence on either side ; the absence of Evidence in support of the immortality of the soul does not create a strong presomptionn fie tradition and thegeneral desirability fori a belief in the ?» mmortality of the soal. j ; It is argued that there is a |?®ewl j instinct todeaire immortality of did mo!, and thatifcmustbe gratified j there is no Instinct which dbtis «6t]find» real object j hunger *"gB^la^8; H . something to |6?1<>tcS ; therefore, if ; we have an instaiicfive^iesii^ for eternal Jife^ there mast beefernat itfe. To tiiis he says there is a desirefor life, but not for- eternal life. Granting that the instinct exiBted, it does not follow that it must be satisfied infinitely j at the' most it iB a finite desire, and cannot ^ logically crave for an infinite possession. On that ground the argument foils. It would be <18 logical to argue that the instinct of hanger ; required anuifinifce. supply of beef and mutton. The argu ment from tradition is equally untenable. Men always-believed in ghosts, ani it , is' probable that it preceded the belief in ' die immortality of the eouL an«l thereforeit is equally weak in favor of the immortality of the souL The belief ha* boat propped up by all law givers, educators, and churches, and it has acquired forceby thosemeans. The general consent of mankind may be nuofed in support «? po*«d errore in * ?ice. Tbeeeeond of the immortalily of the soul derived frum the belief in a Creator. It is itttrgnmi that a good God would desire the immortality ot the soul j that it fa « ceedingly improbable that he would decree the annihilation of his noblest work after it had arrived at its fell! development, and that be would njt have ftpplanmH Mi indjBcdve desne for an immortal life, and then doomed man to complete disappointment. The writer acknowledges that those arguments would have force if we believed in an Omnipotent and Omniscient Creator, but Mill rejects that theory ; the Creator he believes in iB not Omnipotent-he works under limitations, and does the .best he mn with the materials at his command. Be is benevolent, but his benevolence is not Ms whole, purpose. He might not be able to have introduced the Kosmos, or Man without the instinct. "Certain it is that he .either could not or would not grant us everything we wish for. We wish for life ;. be has granted sotnelife. There is, he concludes, no assurance whatever of a life after death, on grounds of natural religion, but there is nothing to prevent one hoping for it» and "if there be that it -will be at least as good as the present, and will not be wanting in the best feature of the present life improvability "by our own;efforts." He considersthe common idea ol a state of rewards and punishment as opposed .to every probable cbtimate. He admits "that the consequences ofour actions upon our own character, and -subsceptibUities, will follow us in the future as they have in the past^and present. "The fact of depth will make no sudden break in our spiritual life, nor influence our character any otherwise than as any importance in onr mode of existence may always be expected to modify it. Jur thinking p-inciple has its laws, which in this life' are invariable, and any analogies drawn from this life must assume that the same law will continue. To imagine that a miracle will l« wrought at death by the act of God, making jterfect every one whom it is his will to include among bis elect, might be justified by an express revelation duly authenticated, but is utterly opposed to every presumption that can be deduced from the light of Nature. (to be cohtikokd.) 