THE SEW LAND BILL. The Land Bill which the Commissioner of Crowu Lands has introduced is limited in its scope, but it throws open the door to discussion unon the whole Dolicv of the land laws of the province. The earlier provisions are directed to the amendment of the legislation defining the position of selectors holding land under the Acts of 1872 and 3877. At present these, even if they come under the Act of 1S80, are subject to conditions differing in many respects from those applying to selectors under that Act. The object of the new Bill is to do away with the distinction and to enable all agreement holdera who choose to do so to obtain tha terms granted to selectors under the Act of 1880. What the effect of this will be may be stated in a few words. The holders of land upon credit will be relieved from all obligation to pay any thing towards the purchase-money of their selections until the end of the ninth year from the date of their agreement. Thef will still have the right of paying off portions of the purchase- money in sums of not less than £50 at aby one time ; they will Btill, if occupying their sections under conditions of personal residence, be at liberty to complete the purchase at the and of five years, and if under the conditions of substituted residence, at the end of six years ; but if they are so inclined they may allow nine years to elapse without paying one penny beyond the interest calculated at the low rate of 10 per cent, for the first three years, and 4 per cent, for every succeeding year. Even whan the nine years have eiapsed all they need do tcwards making the land their own is to pay down 25 per cent of the purchase money. This effected, they can, upon pay ment of 5 per cent, interest per annum, have the use of the land for eleven years longer, when they, are to hand over the remaining 75 per cent, of the purchase money and obtain the fee-simple of their holdings. We have already pointed out our reasons for believing that this method of dealing with selectors is not only impolitic, but that it falls far short of the necessities of the case, aud our view ia emphatically endorsed by a correspondent whose letter appears in another column. As regards any of the settlers in the dis tant Uorth who havo undertaken to pay a ridiculously high ^ricefor their selections, it i3 not enough to postpone the day of reckoning. V«rhat is wanted is either that their interest payments should be counted as purchase- money, or that some schema should be devised whereby they will be relieved of the burden of having to pay two or three times the amount of interest and purchase-money per acre that should be demanded of them. The second part of the Bill introduces a somewhat new feature into the land legislation of the colony. It authorizes the Governor under certain conditions to grant to certain persons leae-'3 of land within certain hundreds, to be applied either to pastoral or agricultural purposes at the option of the lessee. In comment ing a few day 8 ago upon the allusion in the Governor's Speech to this provision, we pointed out that it woutd ba grossly unfair to resume land now held upon lease by pastoral tenants and let it out in smaller blocks to other pastoral tenants. In the Bill before U3 iho Commissioner ha3 been careful to guard against the perpetration of such an act. of injustice. The land which it is proposed to lease is for the most part situated south of Goyder'a rainfall line. It comprises — first, surveyed country which is of two rough a character to be suitable for agriculture ; and secondly, country within specified hundreds which has been open for selection for a longer period than two years. There is a pro viso, however, to the effect that when the land in any hundred is subject to an annual lease or to the right of the tenant from whom the same has been resumed to have an annual lease, the area of land leased under the provisions of the BUI in such hundred shall not exceed the area of land in that hundred to which the persons holding land in fee or under agreement in the hundred would be entitled for com monage under the commonage regulations for the time being in force. This is a reservation which in the interests cf justice should be made, and care should be taken to see tliat no evasion of the proviso is tolerated. Important as it is that land*' adapted for cultivation should be made available for agricultural settle ment whenever the demand for it exists, it is neither just nor politic to deprive one class of pastoral tenants of rights secured to them by lease merely to transfer them to another class of pastoral tenants. A farther protection to the original leaseholder is afforded by the provision that only those persorj who Li.14. «ii.- la. leu, ui' kuuiui: u^cctsuio^i, *3 the hundred or adjoining hundred to the land offered on lease shall be entitled to become leaseholders under the BilL Thus the provision, which, in the bald form in which it was described in the Governor's Speech presented a some what alarming aspect, is in the measure before the House hedged round with qualifications which rob it of its confis catory character. The leases to be granted under the Bill differ from those embodied in the scrub lands legislation, with which the country has become familiar, inasmuch as there is no stipulation as to improvements^ and no concession of a right of purchase, if ore- over, it is not intended that the measure shall in any way interfere with the leases with right of purchase granted under the third part of the Crown Lands Con solidation Act of 1877. The rent to be paid is to be fixed by the auction test, the naming of the upset price being left to the Commissioner. The term, as already stated, is twenty one years, and no person is to be per mitted to hold either in his own name or in that of others a larger area of leased lands under the Bill than five thousand acres. Moreover, the lessee is to bind himself not to sublet without the consent of the Commissioner, and not to cut down or remove timber except such as may be required for fencing or building purposes on the land leased, unless specially authorized to do so. The rent is to be payable half-yearly, in advance, and the penalty for the breach of this or any other condition is forfeiture. Power is reserved to the Governor to resume for public purposes the binds comprised in any lease, the ordinary length of notice off resumption being twelve mon ;ha, al though undercircumstancesof specis lemer gency it may be reduced to one nonth. If -the lease is thus abrogated the lessee will be entitled to compensation for per manent improvements according to a valua tion to be fixed, not by arbitration which would be the fairest plan, but oj the Commissioner or one or more of his officers. Guarded a3 it is, it app iara to us that the provision for leasing lands for agricultural \ or pastoral purposes will prove a valuable adjunct to the land legislation at present in force. Abbivax of Mail at Socso. — The K.M.S. Cathay, with the English mails for Australia, arrived at King George's Sound at 1 30 o'clock on Tbarsdty morning, and tailed again at 4 o'clock. She may be expected to reach Glenelg daring Sunday evening. Obient Steambbs.— Messrs. J. Stilling & Co. have been informed by wire that the Orient liner Ouzco left the Cape of Good Hops for Adelaide on the 7th insc, and that the Lusi tania, which left here on the 28th April, arrived at Plymouth on Wednesday, the 8th inst., forty-one dajs oat. Thh Outwabd Mail Steajihb.— The R.M.S. Kashgar anchored at Glecelg on Thursday morning shortly [after 10 o'clock, and was an nounced to sail at 4 p.m. She reported having had an exceedingly rough passage from Mel bourne, and some of her live stock bad died in consequence of the heavy weather. Thb Govbbkor'b Salaby. — Mr. Ward asked the Commissioner of Public Works in the Assembly on Thursday whether it was the in tention of .the Government to include in' their policy of retrenchment the repeal of the Gover nor's Salary Augmentation Act, by which the salary of His Excellency was fixed at £5,003 per annum. Mr. Hawker replied that it was not tbe intention of the Ministry to propose the repeal of the Act in question. Thb Chinese Immigration But. — In the Assembly on Thursday the Commissioner of Grown Lands applied for leave to bring in a Bill for the purpose of regulating and restrict ing Chi cess immigration. Leave having been granted the measure was laid on the table and its second reading was made an Order of tbe Day for Tuesday next. £Xr. Plsyf ord explained that the Bill was the tame as that introduced by Mr. Bray last year. It provides that no ship shall carry more than one Chinese passenger for every ten tons of its measurement, and that there shall be a poll tax of £10 each on Chinamen. Heavy penalties are provided against phipmasters, and the Mongolians them selves, to prevent evasion of the provisions of tbe measure. Mr. G. 8. Fowlbk. — On Thursday morning a deputation waited upon Mr. G. S. Fowler to ask if be would be willing to bs entertained at a f a*ewell banquet. Mr. Fowler, while express ing his thanks for the intended compliment, raid be felt that be would be unequal to the excitement that would be entailed by his atten dance. Thb Victoria Cbos3 PicrrEES. — It will be seen from our telegrams that the Agent-General of- Victoria hu notiSed tbe necessary consent for the loan of tbe Victoria Cross pictures to tee Adelaide Exhibition, bat that there is a difference of opinion between Messrs. Levey and Twopeny as to the terms on which delivery .ifcould be taken of them. It is to be hoped thit ibir disagreement will not prevent the public having a look at these celebrated pictures. Thk Korea of AS3BMBLT. — The members of tbe Lower House have not yet got into a debating humour. Their policy is one of post ponement. Thursday'* Notice-paper afforded ample material for an afternoon's work, but the proceedings were over within a few minutes of 3 o'clock. Tbe Orders of the Day comprised tbe second readings of two Bills. The Oom musiocer of Public Works moved the second reading of the Building Bill, and tbe motion was supported by reveral members. Ic was admitted that there were no specially new ttatnres in tbe measnie; but Mr. Furner — acting as spokesman for some new members whose modesty would not allow them to urge their objections to s hasty decision — moved the adjournment of the debate, which was agreed to. Tbe second reading of the Mount Gambier Wate: work* Bill tea* also proposed by Mr. Hanker, who rtad a lengthy report from the Engiceer of. Waterworks expressing the details of the tro;c*ed icheme. The BUI was supported by Mr. Cotton, after which Mr. Glyde moved the a«jonrnmeut of tbe debate for a fortnight, in order that thosa interested might have an opportunity of expressing their views. This postponement was also agreed to. Thb CoiniojtAGB Qubstiost. — On Thursday morning, Jnne P, Mr. K. Ward, M.P., represent ing a large number of selectors in tbe Hundred of Bundey, waited span the Commissioner of Crown Lands, and asked that the unselected lands in that hundred might not be leased, bat reserved for commonage. Tbe Commissioner said that he could cot give & definite reply at once, but he would carefully consider the matter, and forward tbe result in due coarse to Mr. Ward. 'Thb Liquor Tbaffic a Histaxb.'— This wsj a title of a lecture delivered by the Rev. Dr. Haggar, at the Rechabice Hall, on Thursday evening, in connection with an entertainment ofthelOGX.of Adelaide Lodge No. 2. The lecturer treated tbe subject chemically, physio logically, and in the light of political economy1 pointing out that alcohol destroyed tbe neces sary substances for sustaining the body, and cccseqnently ic jured the bnin and ita f auctions. From tbe standpoint of political economy he argued that labour being the cause of wealth and intoxication being destructive, it was also destructive of wealth: that the principle of British law wss to sacrifice the interests of the few if necessary to tbe many, bat the policy of legalizing the liqoor traffio was inconsistent with that maxim. By experiments the lecturer tbowed that calf & Dint of ale had to much alcohol that it would bain with a strong light for ten minutes; and that when albusiesj and akohel came together the former was hardened, acd consequently loft IU power of nourishing the body. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Fev. Dr. ittgfir at -be close of his Thb Eotai. Prixcbs.— The 2.MJL Cathay left King George's Sound at 4 o'clock: on Tnurs day morning with the Royal Princes and their tutor (tbe flev. J. N. Dalton) on board. Our correspondent at Albuty itiforms as that they will remain in Adelaide few days, and join tbe Bacchante in Melbourne- His Excellency tbe Governor alse received a telegram on Thars day from the Bev. J. N. Dalton, stating that tbe Royal Prince* will arrive here by the next mail steamer. His Excellency was likewise informed by Mr. Dalton that toe Princes will arrive in a ?trictly private manner. It has farther been especially requested that there (hall be no reception on their landing, and co arrangement whatever made for any public ceremonial until after the arrival of their .Royal Highnesses at Government House. At a special meeting of the City Council held on Taorsday morning His Worship tbe Mayor stated that he had joat been informed that the mail steamer leaving KiDg George's Sound would bring the Koyal, Princes. It was a question for the Council to consider whether they could do any thing to formally receive the royal visitors. Councillor Madge asked whether the Princes would be allowed to receive addresses. The Mayor said that was doubtful. Councillor Hagedom thought the Council 'should be careful not to lose such an op portunity as this.' The Mayor said be would at once seek to obtain positive infor mation, and as soon ts he knew for a certainty that the Princes were coming he would call the Council together to consider what had better be done. CorsT or Disputed Rbtbbxs.— This Court met at noon on Thursday, Jnne 9, ia the Par liamentary Buildings, there being prevent His HoBor Mr. Justice Andrews (Chairman}, Messrs. Townsend, Fraser, Lasdseer, and Coles, M.P's. Tbe Clerk of tbe Hsuse of Assembly (Mr. Beresford) laid on the table a copy of the Votes and Proceedings, showing the appoint ment of the Court, and the order of tbe House convening it. The oath prescribed by law having been administered by the presiding Judge to tbe members of the Court and by Hi. Townsend to His Honor, the Clerk kid before the Court a petition from Mr. Went worth Cavensgh against the return of Mr. David Murray to tbe House or Assembly for the Dis trict of Yatala. Mr. J. B. Sheridan was in attendance on behalf of Mr. Cavenagh. The Clerk was empowered to sign subpoenas and enmmenses issued out of the Court, and Mr. Townsend was requested to move in the House for authority for the Court to continue sitting up to July 1. The Court then adjourned to the Assembly Chamber at 10 o'clock on Saturday moriiicg; the Chairman remarking that this would give tbe petitioner an opportunity of serving tha respondent with notice of the pro ceedings. In the Assembly on Thursday Mr. Townsend moved that tbe Court of Disputed Returns have leave to continue their sittings beyond the period of five daya allowed by the Electoral Act, and; to adjourn from time to time bb might be necessary nntil July 1. The Speaker said be felt it bia duty to point oat that the time asked was altogether in excess of what had ' been granted in other cases. Sir. Towneend ex plained that he had moved the motion as the mouthpiece of thejConrt, as the President was engaged at the Criminal Sittings', and could not attend the Court! without great inconvenience until tbeir conclusion. He consented, however, to insert the words, 'Wednesday, June 15,' in the motion, instead of the date he hid at firtt proposed, remarking hat an extension of time could be applied for if necessary. Bau.wat Statiok nbab Yati.xa.— The Hon. W. B. BounsevellJ M.P., Mr. E. Ward, M.P., and Mr. W. Copley, waited upon the Commissioner of Public Works en Thursday morning, Jane 9, with reference to the above. Mr. Copley pre sented a memorial j signed by forty.fit e persons, representing 26,500 acres of land, 16,000 of which were under crop. jThe memorialists asked that the station on the railway from Petersburg to Orroroo might be I laced about eight miles north of Yatina, where the line joined tbe travelling stock reserve, and near Blankrock Post- Office. Mr. Copley said th it another memorial had been presented, asking f or the erection of a station on the reserve near Yi tins, where the Government were surveying a t iwnship. He added that the purposes ef the lat ex memorial would be served if a platform were - rectcdat tbe place indicated. The Commissioner uidhe would make enquiries at once, and if he ioand that there wai reason able ground for co nplyiag with the request of the deputation he Would do so. Watbb Bates is thb Cm.— At the special meeting of the City Council on Thursday morn ing Councillor Madge aaked why a special call of the Council had not beea made to consider bis motion with reference to water rates in the city. It was explained that some uncertainty was felt as to whether it was intended that a petition should be presented in the House with reference to the matter, or whether the Council sbonld wait as a deputation upon tbe Commis sioner of Waterworks. The Mayor was of opinion thai the latter coarse would be far the better. The matter then dropped. MtDWiFEst.— Dr. Robertson continued his course of lectures on midwifery in the Presbyterian Lecture Hall. Flinders-street, on Thursday, Jane 9. The branches of the subject taken »ere the different kinds of labour. In the course of his remarks tbe doctor c«ef ally ex plained the various symptoms by which nurses and attendants coald recognise any functional derangement, inefficient action, or other obstacle! to tbe proper performance of natural delivery, pointing oat the necessity lor tbe exercise of the greatest caution, attention, and decision in dealing with such matte- s. He particularly urg»-I upon his audience tbe practica of coolness and the exercise of presence of mind in all cases, and impressed upon them the advice that when ever they had a donbt of their own ability to contend with the conditions of tbe case, or saw the ^lightest indication of serious symptoms, they should Dot hesitate a moment to seek medical assistance. He then gave illustrations of cases which were in his opinion beyond the skill of tbe midwife or none, and coald only be safely dealt with by a medical man. Ia a clear comprehensive manner he described the means by which the various symptoms could be recog nised^ and traced to tbeir right source, and then gave valuable information as to tbe treatment of simple and difficult cases. Loss of the Snir Iksia.— On April 12 last Messrs. Alex. Maclean & Co.. the agents of the Mercantile Marine acd Fire Insurance Company of South Australia, paid to the Agent-General in London the mm of £13,339 for a totil loss claim foe the India's cargo of rails, which was lost through the foundering of the vessel. Of this amount one-fourth, or £3,334 15s. 6d., was contributed by each of the following Companies, viz. :— Adelaide Marine and Fire Assurance Company, South Australian Insurance Com pany, and Commercial Marine Insurance Com pany, who shared the risk with the Mercantile Marine Company. An enquiry into tha circumstance* attending the foundering of the India was held in the Magis trates' Court, Cape Town, on tbe 7th March, before Mr. John Campbell, Resident Magistrate, and Captain Penfold, Port Captain, aa nautical assessor. Tbe Court found judg ment as follows ;— u That tha above- named iron vessel, built in 1361, being in all respects tight, stench, and strong, ia charge of Alexander McPhail, maater^wbose certificate of competency is No. 25,053. left Barrow-in-Farneas with a cargo of railway iron, bound for Port Pirie, South Australia, on the 15th day of December, 1SS0. Shortly after leaving tbe ship experienced a succession of gales, which caused her to labour very mnch, and daring which time a heavy green sea boarded the ship, smashing the .two life boa ta, and rendering them utterly useless. On January 3 tbe ship was found to be making water at the rate of half an isch per hoar. She continued to make this quantity till the 12th, when she appears to have taken np & little. On February 10 it was discovered that the leak bid suddenly broken oat afresh, there being two feet of water in her hold from that time till the vessel was finally abandoned? with five feet nine inches in her hold. At 230 p.m. on February 24 everything appears to have been done that could be to keep tha ship afloat by mannul labour, steam-power, and spreading a Bail under the ship's bottom. Under all these circum stances, seeing that the leak had increased so much, and that the men were exhausted from { constant work and want of rest, we are of | opinion that the master acted wisely in taking | the only opportunity be bad at the time to save | tbe lives of his crew, there being not sufficient 1 boat accommodation to take them, from the ! accident which rendered his lifeboats oseleaa ; | and we, therefore, adjudge tint tke ship India ! ws« sot lost by def«nl: of tbe tcutsr, and re i iua Luu L*« w«M.itic*Cc.'' Lbguiativx CorHCiL. — Tbe debate on the addrese ij reply waa resumed by the Hon. R. A. Tarlton on Thursday. He announced him self as a strong supporter of the Ministry, but expressed regret that the- Government should have been so little pronounced in ita policy. On the whole, what tha country wanted was sot bo much a change of Uioistry as more pro gressive measures. We wanted a man like Sir Julias Vogel here. The Hon. J. Dana ex pressed hirrmelf as gradually becoming & Pro tectionist, believing that ao long as oar neigh bours went in for protection we mast do the same. He gave this note of warning ia time for fear that be might some day be accused of ' turning round like a weathercock.' The Hon. T. Hogarth followed with, what was for him an unusually lengthy speech, in which, as tha Chief Secretary afterwards said, there was a. good deal of good bamour, combined with sound common sense. Mr. Morgan dealt ex haustively with the speeches alike of supporters, opponents, and those who played the part of ' the candid friend.' He explained that the articles in Mr. Baae dow's newspaper to which Dr. Campbell had referred were not inspired by his colleague, who had indeed ceased to take any part in the con duct of the Austratiache Zeitung since joining the Ministry. With regard to what Mr. r&rlton; had said about ' Vogeliim,' he coald not pro fess to be a follower of the great New Zealand politician, bat if ever ' Vogelism' came into vogae here, no doubt Mr. Tarlton would be the man to carry oat such a policy, and he would support him. The piece dc retistance ef his speech was a telling criticism of tbe strictures passed by 'the self-elected leader of the Opposition' upon the Government policy. He would deny that he was inconsistent in matters of principle, though on points of detail, like other members of Ministries, compromises had to be effected with colleagues. It was surprising, he said, that Mr. Baker sbould speak with sach fervour on behalf of the English capitalists in connection with the transcontinental railway, and be so anxious to protect tbeir interests; but as the bon. member had admitted to having formerly endeavoured to get np a Company of capitalists in London for a similar purpose on his own account, he might perhaps be taken as an authority as to how far they were likely to be deluded or deceived by an investment of their ironey in such an undertaking a3 that proposed. Tbe address in reply having been finally adopted, the Council adjourned till Tuesday next. Ceiii isai. SrrriKGS.— These sittings were con tinued on Thursday. George Aliek, alias Smith, was ordered to be imprisoned for twelve months with hard labour for stealing in ft dwelling house. The following cases were also disposed of :— fiobert Blair Balfour, forging and uttering, two years ; John King, larceny, two years ; John Francis Scott, common assault, fined £10, and ordered to enter into his own recognisances for £2C0 to keep tbe peace tor twelve months ; Honora Dncn, manslaughter, five years. Tha Court adjourned tilt next day. ' Sooth Acstbilian Mctual Firb Iksusamcb Covpavt. — The fi»t meeting of the shareholders of this Company was held in tbe Town Hall ' Exchange- room on Thursday, June 9. There ; was » crowded attendance, and the; Hon. W. O. i Bnik presided. The Chairman aaid the unpre cedented t success that had attended ' the | starting of this Company had beea a matter | of gratification to the Provisional Directors | wbo had taken the matter np. It was scarcely I anticipated that sach s- large number of appli I cations for shares would have been received, [ and considerable difficulty had been ex j perienced as to -how tbe shires should be j allotted. The Directors themselves had taken i a lively interest in the matter, and had i done their best to forward ' the interests | of the Company. . Mr. Smith at the I last meeting had made a mistake when he i aaid that the first applicants should have the : full number of shares they had applied for given to them, because such an arrangement could not be carried oat. The memorandum of allotment signed by shareholders distinctly pat it that the applicants would accept any number of [shares that might be allotted to them. Tbe Directors had decided not to reduca any allotment for less than 230 shares i as the more shareholders there were in a Com : pany of this nature the better it would be. With applications for more thin 200 shares 1 a fixed role was observed. He trusted the action of the Directors would meet with the approval of tbe shareholders. He folly believed that the Company hid a prosperous futore before it, as companies I founded on similar principles had been very J successful in tbe other colonies, es ! pecially in Sydney, where although the first amount was all that was paid tbe shares bad risen to 12s. 6i. in value. The Articles of Association having been read and adopted, the election of Directors was pro ceeded with, and resulted in the appointment of the Hon. W. O. Baik, Messrs. E. Dixson, M.P., J. S. Sander*, T. Ejres, and H. Tomer. The remuneration of the Directors was fixed at £1 Is. each per week. Messrs. H. Stodart and J. 8\. Scott were elected auditors. Adelaide ahd Subukhah Tram w at Com pact's Bill.— A special meeting of tbe City Council was held on Thursday morning, June 9, and attended by the Mayor, Councillors Madge, Downs, Hammond, King, Sanders, and Hsge dorn, to coc aider certain matters in connection with tbe above-named Bill, which was intro duced into the Legislative Council on Thursday, Jane 2. The Mayor said the specific object of the meeting was to discuss tbe desirableness or otherwise of the Council presenting a petition against one or two clauses of the Bill being passed; and aa that day was the last on which sach a petition coald be presented in the Legislative Council, the meeting had been called thru hurriedly to give Councillors an opportunity of ex pressing an opinion. A draft of a petiMoa had been prepared, and he would suggest that the Hon. Ht-cry Scott, who had taken such a prominent part in Municipal matters, should be asked to take charge of it, if it were adopted The Town Clerk read the petition drafted, and which set oat that the rights of the Council would be seriously affected if the Bill were pajgtd in it) present form. Particular ob jection was offered to clause 8 in tbe Bill — ** The cars used on the said tramway shall be drawn by bones, noiseless and smokeless steam-engines, or other motive power.' It asked also that tha City Council sbould have tbe power to licence drivers of the | tramcars in the same way as they now do drivers of other street- vecides ; and objection was made to some of tbe turnout? speci fied in the plan accompanying the * BilL Councillor Sanders moved — ' That the petition be adopted, and that the Hon. H. Scott be aaked to take charge of it and present it to the legislative Council.' Councillor Hsgedorn I seconded the motion, and spoke strongly of the | necesaUy of the City Council having the power ' to prevent overcrowding of the cars. The motion was carried. Councillor Hagedorn revived the question of maintenance by the Council of the roads between the Tramway J Company's rails and tbe, levying upon the Com j paniesan annual rate for the expense of the j work, but the Mayor, while agreeing generally i with Councillor Hagedorn, sail the m»U«r could i not then be diicuued. | Stjsdkx Death AT|Gi.Krai.o. — Corporal All I church reported to the City Coroner the sadden death of Kobert Hart, a little boy five years, ol age. living at Glenelg, who was suffering from \ whooping cough, and was found dead in his bed ! on Tuesday last. Dr. Fergosou was called in I bat found life extinct. After seeing the doctor, [ wbo expressed an opinion that congestion of tbe luisgs waa tbe cause of death, the Coroner did not think any good woald result from an | inquest. | Scddhk Death it Post Adelaide.— Captain I Ic Lacheor, of ttbe 'Helen White, died suddenly at the residence of Mr. Turner, Chnrch-street, Port Adelaide, op Wednesday night, June 9. Tbe deceased seaman, wbo has been long and j favoarably kxown on the coast, particularly in the Joliba, has been recently complaining of : pains in tbe chest, and probably died of heart | diseate. Captain he Lecbeur, wbo as a rising ' yonng master had won the esteem of -his owners j For fidelity and zeal in their service, was jast } about to be married to a yoang lady in Port | Adelaide. Great regret is felt at his sudden de ? parture, and as a mark of respect to his memory the flags of the Port were half-masted thia morning. The funeral takes place at Woodville Cemetery this afternoon. Deceased belonged to the Unity Hodge of Freems&ass; and memben of tie cr-ft intecrf bricj p resent at tne inter Tsm Cabltow Footbaixkbs. — Tbe Carlton footballers arrived by the ateamer Victorian on Thursday morning, Jane 9. On the vessel's going alongside tbe wh&rf; Messrs. Whitfieid, Creswell, T. G. Smith, and A. J. Diamond wel comed the team on bebalf of the Football Asso ciation, and His Worship the Mayor (Mr. H.W. Thompson, J.P.) received them at the Town HalL In the kiudly remuks which he made His Worship referred to the fact that the profits resulting from the matches were ! to be devoted to charities in Adeliije, and said he thought it spoke volumes for the sym pathies and energies of young men. He waa glad to see the game of football making sach great progress. He concluded fey asking those present to give tbe visitors three hearty cheers. Mr. G. Eobertson briefly responded. An adjournment was then mads to the Council Chamber, where the Mayor entertained the team with a champagne refectioa. After the usual honours had been given for the Queen, His Worrbip proposed ' Our Friends from Vic toria.' In doing so he trusted that the South Australian* would abow that they coald work together as a team and succeed in winning some of the games. Mr. Kobertaon. in response, said, judging by the South Australian team which visited Melbourne last year, tha Adelaides would be able to cope with them. Mr. Donovan said they had got nearly the very beat team Carlton coald produce, and if his men were beaten the wisBers woald have almost beaten the real Carlton team. Mr. W. Goer also re sponded. Mr. Whitfieid proposed the health of the Mayor and Corporation. It was a well known fact that if any teams were visiting our coloDy ; the Mayor and Corporation cf Port Adelaide were always to the fore in receiving them. Mr. Thompson and Councillor Beattie -suitably responded. Messrs. J. E. Dempster, J.P., and T. G. Smith also apoka a few words of welcome. The follow ing are tbe names of the visitors :— G. Eobert son (captain), W. Eobertson, J. Eobertson, W. Goer (vice-captain), E. Frayne, J. Watson, A. Bickarda, J. Bickards, A. Coventry, E. Coventry, C. Donovan, O'Donnell, Barley, Mclntosb, Brooks, Cocway, Gunn, Smith, Bragg, Coolthard, Hughes, Crawford, Walker, and Donovan (siaav ger). On reaching Adelaide the team were taken round the town in Hill k Co.'s drag, and thence to their hotels, some of them goiag to tbe Globe apd others to the Lang bam. This morning at 1130 His Wor ship the Mayor will receive tbe team at the Council Chamber. They play their first match on Saturday against the South Parks, whose strength is considerably augmented by the in clusion of the cream of the late Adelaideand Kentic^ton Clab ; the match therefore ought to be very dose. Pobt Football Ci.tb.— A meeting of the members of this clab took plice at Haddy'a Commercial Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Thursday night, June 9. Mr. J. A. Bann presided, and there w&s; a large attendance. An invitation was received, and declined with regret, to go to tbe Burrs to play a match. It was arranged to play the Oarltons at the Adelaide Oval on Wed nesday, when the club trusted that tbe patrons would be present. Articled Clbbkb' ssociatiox. — A meeting of this Association was held in tbe Supreme Conrt Library on Wednesday erening, June 8. There was a numerous attendance of oembers. Mr. J. Nicholson presided, and called upon Messrs. E. W. Hall and J. E. Woods to argue in the affirmative in the following case.-— A steps out of his baggy and requests a friend, B, to drive it as far as the stables. B, who is known to A to be an indifferent driver, shortly after starting cornea into collision with another vehicle, the driver of wb:cb is cot in fault, tbe result being that the bugzy is npset and broken to pieces ; the horse takes. fright and runs over and injures O. The collision might have been avoided, by a skilful driver^ the hone, though somewhat spirited, 'being neither vicious nor unmanageable. Is B lianle to pay the damage suffered ?— 1. By O. 2. By A. The Chairman then called npon Messrs. J. B. Mairbesd and C. E. E. Sabine to show that B is not liable. The subject having been thoroughly ventilatsd, and numerous cases cited on both sides, the question was put to tbe meeting, and by the casting vote of tbe Chairman the affirmative was carried. Tbe following case wss then considered: — 'A purchases from B a piece of land which has been alienated from the Crown upwards of forty years, and obtains a clear certificate of title under tbe Beal Property Act. C, an. known to A or B, has had twenty years' uninterrupted enjoyment of a way across the land, and after the completion of tbe purchase asserts tbat he is entitled to a right-of-way. Can G prevent A from erecting bnilding so as to obstruct his alleged right-of-way V If so, has A recourse to any other person or fand in respect of his loss?' Messrs. V. O. DrifiMd and G. N. Hardy both argued at considerable length, quoting both South Australian and English authorities in the affirmative. Messrs. C. Johns and H. S. Wyatt then spoke to tbe contrary, and evidently carried the opinion of the meeting, tbe voting and opinion of the Chairman being unanimously on tbeir side, with the exception of Messrs. Driffield and Hardy. Teb Mckdkr ih thb Sotjth-East.— In the j Assembly on Thursday Mr. Tomkinson asked 1 whether the Government intended to have tbe trial cf Nogent.otaw Jabnscn, for the murder of Trooper Petrce, taken in Adelaide. The Attorney-General replied that the case woald be tried at Narracoorte. A Judge would not consent to change the venue nnle** he were satisfied tbat tbe case woald not be fairly tried in the district wheie the offence was perpe trated. Toe Government did not think there was any rea*on to fear that there would not be a fair trial at Narracoorte, and they did not propose to make an application for a change of venue. Inquest at Kapunda — Mr. Jas. Elliott, J.P., held an inquest at the Morning Star Hotel, near Kapunda, on June 7, to enquire into the cir cumstances attending the death of Michael Meers, an old man of eighty-five, who had been found dead in his bed that morning. Mr. J. Uren was chosen foreman of the Jury. Mar garet Flaherty, daughter of the deceased, stated that her father went to Kapunda on the previous dav, and that be did not complain of illness. He resided with witness, and slept in the lean-to by his own wish. His bed was a cotton mattress, placed upon a board an the earth floor, but he was supplied with plenty of clothes. She bad not seen him for about a week, as she bad been unwell. Her two brothers paid 10d. a week between them for his board, and it was his own fault that he slept in the outhouse. During the three years that deceased had lived with them be had been kindly treated. He was in the kitchen when witness went to bed at 7 o'clock the previous evening, and when she got up in the morning she found him lying on his back on the floor of the outhouse quite dead. She did not hear him call out daring the night By the Jury — Witness had often asked deceased to stay in the boose for company when her hus band was away, bat he always liked the out house better. Michael Flaherty, husband of the last witness, stated that deceased had plenty of bed clothes, and that be believed the roof of the outhouse was a better one than that of the cottage. He had compelled the deceased a few times to sleep in the kitchen, but the old man preferred the outhouse. Deceased's bed was dry, unless the water came through the roof. During the last two days deceased had only taken off his coat and boots when he went to bed. Went to work that morning without seeing him, acd did not know of his death until be was sent for. Dr. Blood stated that he was of opinion that death had resulted from stag nation of the circulation, caused by very ex treme cold. Tbe doctor did not consider tbe place fit for a young man, much less for such an old man. Witness had seen deceased lately, and be had complained of his skin itching, but be considered that only the remit of old age. Was of opinion that deceased would not have died if be had slept in the kitchen — at Ieast he would not have died suddenly. The Coroner having summed up, the Jury found — 'That the deceased, Michael Meers, came to his death on the eight of June 6, or the morning of June 7, from natural causes, accelerated by exposure to cold and wet." The Jury added a rider, expressing their opinion that he had been kindly treated in most re spects but that they considered Flaherty should either have insisted on him sleeping in the kitchen during the prevailing wet weather or else have rendered the outhouse weather-proof. The Coroner called Flaherty in, and communi cated to him the opinion of the Jury. A Pobfoisb n» Town.— A Sn- large porpoise, which was canght in t he Gulf on Wednesday, is on vitte- at the Sr.nth Australian Fish Oom i ^rw-- ? »liop, Hjug iiuiuiiriUrtt. Maxihb Boamj.— This Board held its. usaal meeting on Thursday. Tbe President was absent at the Hirer Murray, on doty. The tog Stanley was dispatched to-day for Port Augusta with a barie in tow (or that port. The vessels are insured for the voyage for £6,000 each. Tbe Board again refused aa enqoiry as to the adjoitmeot of the Bulge Park's com passes. Mr. Wilson, J.P., was appointed Re ceiver of Wreck for Kangaroo Island, to take charge of the goods washed ashore fiom th« Experiment, and to sell them for the benefit of all concerned. A question has arisen aa to over time to bargemen, but though the consideration was deferred for farther information, the Botrd seem indisposed to make allowance for work performed before 6 a.m. aad ' after 6 pun., because the men ware engaged by the month, and only called upon in cases of emergency to do additional work. Mr Glyde suggested that nets sbould be osed in connection with gangways In narboan for the safety of life, as were used in Melbourne, bat the idea was not favoarably entertained, on account of the expense to the ships. Natiohal BciLDwa Socibtt.— The following report has been supplied to as : — u The thirty seventh half-yearly meeting of this Society waa held at tbeir new offices on Wednesday, Jnne 8. Present— Between forty and fifty shareholder*, and Mr. Councillor Holland ooeapied the chair. The Directors' report and balance-sheet were adopted, and a vote of thanks passed to the Board [of Management. Tbe report stated that the commercial stagnatioa that haa chatacterizsd the general state of business during the put six months had been sensibly felt by limiting tbe demand for loans and otherwise restricting the opetatioss of the Society. The dividend for tbe half-year was Is. in the pound. Five pro perties had been redeemed daring the half-year. Tbe general improvements in Goodwood Park were beneficially adding to the value of this estate. At an auction held June 4, 1830, allotments were sold at very satisfactory prices, Tbe special committee appointed at the last half-yearly meetiLg had agreed to a aeries of provisions for the proposed Act of Incorporation, ! but had suspended farther action until tbe Go- I vernment measure, as announced in Parlia- | ment, was in print, to enable them to compire i and decide on a future eourss of action. General satisfaction was expressed as to the position and prospects of the Society. Tbe btlacce-aheet showed that the receipts for the six months were £28,143 4s. 7d., including a l:^e of profit of £4,349 19s. 3d. Tbe expenditure side of the accounts gave the amount paid to share holders whose shares bad run oat aa £14,125. The gross profits for tbe half-year were £4,596 8s. Messrs. J. Andersoa and M. Walsh were ! re-elected Directors, as well as the former \ Auditors.' Gawlbb School Boibd of Advice. — A meet ing of this Board was held at the Gawler Institute on Monday evening. Present — Messrs. W. F. Wincey, J.P. (Chairman), G. Warren, J.P., E Clement, and Dr. Popbam. In the correspondence was a letter from the Minister of Education, stating amongst other things that money coald not be speut oo tbe Ljndoch house, as it was vested in the Minister. J. S. Brown, Conservator of Forests, wrote offering to supply 400 plants from the Wirra bsra liursery to farther the objects of the Board in planting trees round the schoo'a. ' Tbe Chairman reported that Dr. Schomburgk waa unable to supply the Board with trees, and be bad applied to the Conservator of Forests with a. satiaiactory result; that he had seen the Minister of Education and the Inspector General with reference to the site for the Baroesa Gold-fields School; tbat the teacher of the Virginia School had written him, stating that water came into the schoolroom and residence, and be bad forwarded the letter to the Inspector; and that Mr. Martin had pro mised to have the trees brought from tha Wirra bara Nursery to the Gladstone Station. On the motion of Mr. Clement, seconded by Mr. G. Warren, Mr. W. F. Wincey waa reap pointed Chairman of tbe Board. It was resolved that Mr. Brown's offer of 400 plants be accepted with thanks; tbat Mr. Clement be requested to see Dr. Scbotnborgk and endev vonrto obtain the trees and shrubs required for the Gawler Model School, and aho itome plants of Fycus macrophylla for the country schools ; that the Chairman arrange for planting tbe trees at the schools ; that the Minister of Edu cation be requested to have tbe necessary steps taken for the destruction of all goats, pigs, dogs, poultry, &o;, trespassing on the ground* of the schools in the district about to be planted by the Board, and recommending that similar action should be taken all through the colony, and that in addition to the advertisements notices should be printed on calico and posted at each of the school buildings; that the Minis ter of Education be informed that it was the opinion of the Board that 8ection 204, Hundred of Barorea, should be 'reserved for a site for a school for the Barom Gold-fields; that Messrs. Taylor and Fergie be employed ta alter and extend the screen at Freeling School ; that Mr. Clemeat shall look after the neceaary repairs to Templets school; that a verandah be erested at the tyodoch f cboal residence, and that tbe sitting-room floor be cemented. Accounts amounting to £13 0s. 6d. were passed for pay ment. IsQTiEST AT Dbstitdtb Astlck.— The Oity Corocer (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.), resumed the enquiry at the Destitute Asylum on Thursday afternoon touching the death of Douglas Alston, who met his death by falling down an open cellar at Haldane's boarding-house, Kent Town, on May 21, where he had gone ta enquire for a man. Tbe only witness called waa Mrs. Jane White, who identified deceased by a photo graph which was shown her by the police, with whom, after reading the description of deceased published in this paper, she had communicated. She said deceased was in her shop rather the worse for liquor on the morning of tbe 24th ultimo, and while there stated his intention of going to the races, Tbe Coroner informed the Jnry that a relative of deceased had seen the body and identified it as Doughs Alston. He bad been warned by the police to attend, but bad not done so. The deceased's brother had also seen the photograph and identified it. He then summed up, and' drew attention to Dr. Bsily's evidence, which mentioned that he had found signs of old inflammation en the membranes of tbe brain, and also a large efioaion of blood. He had stated that deceased might have fallen down at any time from the effect of these. The Coroner then commented on the very dangerous state of tbe cellar, stating if such existed in any public place the owner of it would be prosecated. Mrs. Haldane had promi^d to have a gate pat ap, bat the probability was that if there had been one at the time of tbe accident deceased would not have met with his death. The Jury then returned a verdict to the effect that deceased, Dooglas Alston, came to bis death throagh effusion of blood on the braid, accelerated by falling down a cellar at Mrs. Haldace's, and they wished to draw attention to the dangerous state of the cellar. Duttoii Pahk IxsTiTtrriox. — A meeting of tbe Managing Committee of thlt institution I was held in tbe Institute, Kapnnda, on Tuesday I evening, Jane 7. There was a good attendance, i and the President (Mr. B. Brewster) occupied | the chair. The Hoa. Bocretsr/ reported that [ the Arts Exhibition had not been a aaooeta i fiDsccially, and tbat tbe proceed*, £35, wonld ! only about meet the expenses. A discussion ensced on the financial pant ion of the Incorpora tion, ted mnch torprite «m expressed that the ' public had not attended the Exhibition in larger : numbers, especially as no aabscriptions bad j been collected for tha Park for over i three years. It was ultimately decided j that tbe committee ahoald individually canvas ! for annual subscribers. Tbe Entertainment I Committee reported that the special concert j bad cleared nearly £7, and that Mr. Doles, M.P., I has given £5 5s. to swell tbe total profit. On . ! the motion of Mr.EtUott, J.P., a vote of thinks 1 wss accorded to tbe Exhibition Bab-Committee ! for tbeir exertions. The Conservator of Forests ; wrote, offering a number of trees for the Park, | ard tbe Secretary waa instructed to apply for ! l.CCO and also to procure a few copies of Mr. : Brown's work on tree- culture. The Planting i Committee were empowered to act in tbe matter j of planting the southern portion of the Park, containing 20 acres. ? Gabxzb's Thbatbh.— This place of amase montwaa well filled on Thursday evening to witness Thompson's Exhibition of tke Zola War. At the clote of the entertainment a large . number of presents were given away, including ? snite of drawing room f crnitnre, the recipient rf *bitb wss Sir. Kcrz, of Owen-tirft-t, Ssuth Pobt Victob Bctaxwatbb.— This grand work (says the Southern Argvfol Jane fl) i* progreraing favoarably, Mr. I. Stranger aaper vuing in tbe absence of tbe contractor. Mr. J. Bobb, and Mr. M. Leworthy acting as Clerk of tbe Works for tbe Government. The new crane jast imported by Mr. Bobb is answering every expectation, and U a valuable addition to his plant. It waa made to order by tbe celebrated CBgineers. Messrs. Bansome k Napier, came oat in splendid condition, and was erected without trouble or accident. It ii a massive pieoe ot machinery weighing about seventy-five tons, and lifts and places blocks of twenty-five toos in a radios of SO feet, with ease, speed, and safety, and would even be safe for a thirty-ton block it absolutely necewary, having been so far tested by the mikers. As toe weight of the crane and the additions weight of the suspended blocks of granite woald be a great strain on tbe wheels and rails, provision haa been ma4e for lifting aa it were the weight off the rails and dividing It on the eioas sleepers. The crane is mounted on a frame leaving 11 feet dear height by 16 wide, so that loaded tracks may pass under. By thia a great saving of time is effected, as tracks may now be run on to tbe advance- work girders without removal of the crane— at tbe best of times a very slow process where sneh a weight is concerned. The Breakwater is now 690 feet oat above water, and three or four hundred of advance barge-work under water is nearly com pleted, and so far everything atands satisfac torily. On Thursday last the sea was very rough, the tides being higher than knows for many a day past and tbe waves beat with tre mendous force on the structure, tbe spray going clean over the top of the crane, some SO feet above tbe level of the sea, without the Slightest damage. As the works progress immense quantities of granite bare to be found to fill ap the increased depth ef water; bat stone is being turned oat in large quantities from the various bUsta in close proximity to the works. On the 24th May a large tnnnel was fired with about 3 tons of powder, some 11,000 cabio yards, or 22,000 tons, of granite being nicely loosened— more stone being thrown over by thit than any previous blast in proportion to quantity of powder used. The remaining drive of what was once known as the Parlia mentary tnnnel is next to be fired. About 120 out of 160 feet are bored, and when this Is fired it is expected to relieve an immense mass of granite right in front of tbe shore end of the Breakwater. Although enormous quantities of stone have been used, very little alteration appears to have been made in the size of the island. All the cranes are now busy, and the work is proceeding as rapidly as we can expect. The scew.pile jetty is finished with the excep tion of tbe fender piles and the rails. The fenders aro finished on one aide, and aa soon as the timber arrives the other side will be com pleted. The causeway to the jetty is being faced with granite, and looks a neat job. It is almost too soon to cnggest a farther addition to the breakwater, but we cannot help expressing the thought that whilst all this valuable machinery is on tbe spot it woald be decidedly more economical to finish the work in one lot than to commence it again some years hence, and we do hope before the present contract is finished a move will be made to embrace so favourable an opportunity of getting the breakwater extended to its originally suggested length.' Ouhpluwktabt. — On the occasion of tbe departure of Mr. Hamlyn, of the late firm of Messrs. Hamlyn h Murray, from Port Adelaide for bis native land, his friends invited him te a complimentary dinner at the Commercial Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Thursday night, Jane 9. His Worship tbe Major (Mr. H. W. Thompson, J.F.) presided, and Councillor Wallace ooeapied the vice-chair. . There was a large attendance, in cluding tbe leading tradesmen of the town and tbe employes of the late firm of which the guest was a member. After honouring tbe loyal toasts. Councillor Wallace proposed u The Parlia ment,' and taid he thought that the present Government ought to be tnrned oat and made to give place to a better one. Mr. Cleave responded. Tbe Chairman proposed tbe health of tbe guest of the evening, Mr. Hamlyn, a yonng man wbo, by his industry, integrity, and ability, had raise 1 himself to aa honourable position. He was then going home to England, which he left twenty-seven years ago aa a child of two years of age, and it might be expected that he would return from his travels with ripened experience to fill a promi nent place in the laud of Vis adoption. (Ap lanse.) Mr. Hamlyn appropriately replied. It was little over nineteen years since be came to Port Adelaide, and he bad only to look to bit right to see the face of his old schoolmaster, Mr. P. J.- Sing. He had spent a, pleasant time with Mr. Murray, and wished him saceess. (Ap plause.) Mr. Lloyd, on behalf of the assistants aod frieods, presented Mr. Hamlyn with a gold chain, -which he accepted and suitably ac knowledged. Other toasts followed, and rations songs were rendered during the evening. Death nt the Homttal. — Xhe police re ported 1o tbe City Coroner the death of Michael Gavin (better known as Mio the loafer), on Wednesday last at the H-*fSUal. From en quiries made it seemed that the man was a con firmed drunkard, and was often in tbe hands of the police, who took him to tbe Hospital on the 11th May last. The Coroner, after consulting with tbe Hospital surgeons aud police, did not think an inquest ncccsiary. The cause of deith was certified to be cerebral effusion. Thb ' Mobtbllibia.'— The following is tbe plot of Plantus's comedy ' Moitellaria,' which was played successfully last night in the original Latin by the student* of Trinity Col lege, Melbourne : — ' Tbeurnpidea, a rich mer chant of Athens, returns to tbat city after aa ab- sence of three years, to find his son Philolachei playing tbe prodigal. Of course, there is a 'she' in the cace, acd her name is Philematiam,an en franchised slave. There ia also a supple varlet of the Figaro type named Tranioj and a boon companion of hia yoang muter called Callidamatcs. While they are revelling in the house of Theuropides the old gentleman presents himself for admission, but is met by Tranto, who protests tbat tbe boano ia haunted, and aunres bim that some sounds of bibulons hilarity wbicb issue from the interior of it are occasioned by the ghost. Mirar gui-des, a money ? lender, now appears upon the seen', and demands repay ment of some large sums be has advanced to the jooDg scapegrace ; bat tbe ready-witted Tranio asserts tbat these were borrowed by Pbiiolaches in order to enable him to bay another house, and indicates that of Simo as the mansion he has secured. After a series of other deception! haw been practised upon him, Tbeuropides learns the whole troth by the mouth of a slave, wbo has come to fetch Oallida mate* home; and the merchant's first Im pulse is in have Tranio scourged, bnt the enn ning meal takes bis teat upon tbe family altar, and c'efiei anybody to dislodge hint. Mean while Callidamate*; sobered and serious, re appears npon the scene. »nd invitei Theurspides to dinner— an invitation chieh Tranio impru dently and vociferously accepts, and in spite of the old gentleman's .indignation with his son and with hii sen's slave he consents to forgive them both at the solicitation cf Oallldamates, who comes forward with tbe customary tag of— 'Speciaiores, labola Iubc eat acU ; vos plajunm date.' , Thbatbb Botax. — There was a fair audience on Thursday to witoesi ' The Three G«ards mep,' which thi» evening is supplanted by 'Hamlet.' To-morrow night (Saturday) Mr. Leake produces ' My Partner,' a drama written by Bartley Campbell, one of the most clever and popular of American dramatists. It ia bnilt on the lines of Bret Harte'a stories, and shows as tha*- autbot'a familiar hero in tbe person of Joe Banndera, a man whote rough ex terior belie* tbe gentle heart within, and whose earthly happiness is self- sacrificed to benefit others. ' My Partner' haa been especially suc cessful in the States, report speaking highly of its construction and general appropriateness for stage purposes. EorrH AusTBAiiAX Eijlh Otra.— An adver tisement appean in another column stating tbat entries for tbe forthcoming rifle matcbe close on Wednesday evening, Jane 15, and tha practice will be held at tbe range on Saturday, Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday next. BicnvKO — ' Conscience and Human Life, ? lecture by tbe Bev. J. O. Woods, B.A. Sooth Australia* Cocbbtjio Glcb.— A com mittee meeting will be held at tbe Prince Alfred Hotel this evening. t3T Mr. Junes H. Parr wishes of to call special atttctlon to bit Bale Thia Day. at I o'clock, at Potmby »rd Jk*'tP3 Bt£)u-r, cf a verr hftodiOtae Pair ot Cr»»iJ'--f-irji;r»d l'onicf ; a!»o. Uur.s*, ll»rac«, and tJ-iuu. ?c?5 