A GHASTLY TALE. A veut Btrange circumstance occurring in tho vicinity of Snicarte, Mason County, Illinois, has attracted the at tention of a great inany and is, at tho least, amostmiraculousaffair. February the 17th, a woman named Mrs. Banks, to all appearances, died. About four weeks previous to this she had given birth to a child, and was apparently well, with the exception of the. nursing sore moutn, trom the ettect ot winch she had grown quite weak, so much so, that her husband thought it was necessary to call in a physician, but she objected, insisting upon waiting a few days longer thinking that bIio could manage the affliction without the aid of a physician. She soon afterwards, and very suddenly, Bank away, and to all appearances gave up the ghost. The body was kept till the next day about 2 o'clock p.m., when it was inclosed in a coffin and taken to the graveyard, followed by a great many mournful friends. In laying her out her arms were tied together above her elbow with a strip of cloth so that her hands would ret*in a position acroBslier breast. At the grave some of her friends wished to view her remains, and the coffin was opened that they might do so. On removing the lid over the glass they could not see through the glass for the moisture on it. and it was then seen that one of her hands was torn loose from the band and was lying by her side, and her arms were as limber as of- one alive. The circumstance bore upon the minds of several present, but still they could not entertain any notion but she was dead. ' Her hands were again placed in position across her breast and retied with the same strip of cloth, and she was buried. After returning to their houses several of the parties who had noticed the singular appearance at the grave commenced to talk the matter over, and they soon raised a doubt in their minds that she was not dead ; about S o'clock that same evening several went to the grave and took the body up. On opening the coffin they found fresh ? moisture on the glass of the coffin-lid, ' and her hands were again broken from the strip of cloth that bound them, and they were both lying bv her side, and in&tafU;? nf ItAr. litn)ia-liamn- irt.+Jia laaol* ' rigid, they and her fingers were flexible. Notwithstanding all this, they could not convince themselves but that she was deadj and she was again reburied. The - matter was generally discjissed in the- neighborhood, and by the following Sunday the excitement had grown Bft ' strong that it was decided to re-exhume her the following day. The next day, Monday, after she had slept beneath iW sod for four days and nights, she Was again resurrected and taken to her home, where she has been slowly 'but gradually .: mending. Her friends entertain the strongest hopes of her recovery, which, i if she does, will be remembered-' by the. , people of Snicarte, The way in which this affair was managed was, tp say the ? least, very singular, — Bloomington (HL) £ Pantograph. V ji; The -Law of Change. — An experionccd : matron says.: — A man. will est (oggy,bis4,:j' cults twice a. week without cmmj^aint3 when his girl invites him 'outjo teai hutil when the girl becomes his the faintest suspicion of Bi|lerat^s ih theiiiiJ^ the .'neighbours achoolls makes. ^ 