VICTORIAN NOTES. (Prom our own Corresjiondont.) xour t'enolft correspondent invites tlio child ren of men and their parents to discuss tho mor bid impulse that prompts people to precipitate themselves from the lops of monuments, and tiy whether the stones beneath or (heir head* nro the hardest. But as he hesitates to venture nn opinion on tho subject himself, ] do not think that any other person need try it, for his con clusions on abstract subjects are generally found, and he has a clear nnd lucid manner of explain ing them. It is certainly singular that when A suicide is surrounded by unusual and appalling horror, others of a similar naturo are sure to follow it which f presume must be accounted for on tho principle that one fool makes many. Hut gene rally speaking, fnscl oil has much to do with suicide, and aids materially in keeping the morgue in requisition; and whether it ho imbibed in the form of P.B., Ferrintosh, Brettf Bannacher, or Thisdam -Schnapps, it exercises an elevating influence on its votaries which inclines them to the apex of tho nearest monument for the first fail. Tho legitimate distiller hns taken his place beside the mummy in Bclwii's cxliiMtion, an>1 is now a personage of history with his stills and still heads beside him; while the worm of the grog-blender is the worm that will not aletf and cannot die. .Ami if it be true that the elec trician can send lightning in n jar, so pap the Mender whose jar fan fpnrert filter jnto wine, P.D , or fcrrfbmh, ^s t|ie papa' ^ay squire; and bring tho tporgge and tho monument into prominent rplief. Our sapient legislators are so tenacious of the liberty of the subject ihat they suffer him to become in reality n suhjert without let or hindrance, while they gnaw with supiemo jealousy his Sabbatarian rights, and when the poetic mania is on them they can cry to the grog-blender with a hundred tongne#, saying Six days shall Ihon tlio swiping race beguile, lint on tho seventh sell no t^l. - ' ? In short the mpnument, steel drops, and the murky stieam follow the grog- blender's steps as naturally as night follows day, and while the legislature cvintes its present fnsel oil apathy they will continue to do so. "Speak of the dovil and he w'H appear " is an ancient adage, and |t is somewhat strange that percisely as you arp speaking (,f a person he often appear* aUo, which inclines some to the opinion that the proximity of an individual exercises a sympathetic influence over those who are speaking of him-an opinion which seems to be shared by your I'enola friend. Bat I do not believe that any spiritist medinrn can throw light on this subject, for the ghosts who furnish their information often misinform them, and then probably wink at each other and Uogb, if any laughter in such nlao* can be. 1 * ' The othej' day a young man'here, whose mother w«j ill in ijouth Australia, callcd upon a she medium not a thousand miles from Sand for J to ascertain how his parent was; nnd tho medium having gone through the t^csqicrif bosU, informed him that his maxima Chad M a sleepless night, bqt was povy mi^ch betUr." In abciut halt-an-hoqr tlicreqftef he rpcoiycd a letter from "The Mount" saying, " Your mother died the day before yesterday, and is to be boned to-morrow." The medium between Sand ford and Merton is evidently not up to the mark of Mrs. What'* her-name, of Endor. Shearing operations were-clerk of the weather permitting-to commence at MaryiaU 0?d Clur.ie op Tuesday, il, Ta^f,r» shearing warriors ejre a^ fn the lists, aimed S^reby's steel, and ready for the onslaught m loan' as Richards of the Ring ex claimi, Uka Wellington, " Up pards, and at 'em." By the way, Mr. D. M, Johnson of that ilk, has surcecded in taking the highest price for cattle this season, and I am told that it rill ~jul he very astonishing if he sccceedi taking the highest price for vool also. ' feeling of deep political apathy pervades the \ictcrrians at present-a slumber from which neither Bryan nor Berry can arouse them. It is so sonnd that nothing short of an earthquake can bring them to the i^jbq ajsiin. 