WAMBEBAL. bt hinby keiojai,!. i Jcrsr a shell, to which the eeaweed, glittering yet with greenness olings,, • Like the swig that once I loved so, softly of the old time sings— > •.-■■■ ! Softly of the old-time speaketh—bringing ' ever back to me j Sights of far-off lordly forelands—glimpses of the sounding sea J • Now the cliffs are-allbeforeme—now, indeed, do I behold ' Shining growths on wild wet, billheads, quiet pools of green and gold. i And, across the gleaming beachfes, lo the mighty" flow and fall ' Of the great ingathering waters thundering under Wamberal! Back there are the pondering mountains— • there the'dim dumb ranges loom Ghostly shapes in dead grey vapour—halfseen peaks augiut with gloom; ' There the voice Of troubled torrents, hidden! in unfathomed deeps, i Known to moss and faint green sunlight,1 wanders down the 'oozy steeps. There the lake of many runnels nestles in a • windless wild Far amongst thiekfolded forests, like a radiant i human child. And beyond surf-smitten uplands — high ■ above the highest spur— ' Lo ! the clouds like tents of tempest on the j crags of Encumber! Wamberal, the home q£ echoes! Hard against a streaming strand, Sits, the hill of blind, black caverns, at the limits of the land.. Here the haughty water marches—here .the . flights .of straightened sea . Make a noise like that of trumpets, breaking wide across the lea! But behold) in yonder crescent that a ring of island lock? . Are the gold and emerald cisterns •shining mooulike in the rocks! : Clear, bright oisl^rns, .zoned by mosses,-whetee the faint wet. blossoms dwell With the leaf of many colours—down beside the starry shell. Friend of mine beyond the mountains, here and here the perished days . Come like sad reproachful phantoms, in the deep grey evening haze-Come like ghosts, and'sit beside me when the noise of day is still, And the rain is on the window, and. the wind is on the hill. Then they linger, hut they speak not,, while my memory roams and. roams Over scenes by. death made sacred—other lands and other homes! Places sanctified by "sorrow—sweetened by that face of yore— Face that you and I jnay look .-on (friend and brother) nevermore! Seasons come with tender solace—time lacks neither light nor rest ,; . . But the old thoughts were, such dear ones, . and the old days seem the best. ■ . . . And to those who've loved and suffered every pulse of wind or rain— .. . ; Every song with sadness, in it, brings thepeopled Past again. Therefore,: just, this shell yet dripping, with this weed, of green and grey, Sets me thinking—sets me dreaming of the \- places far away: Dreaming of the golden rockpools—of the foreland and the fall ; . And the home behind the mountains looming over Wamberal. 