GENERAL NEWS. Gold Specimens—Since our article on mining was in type we have been shown some very rich specimens which were obtained at the Kangaroo Gold Mine on Wednesday last. They were taken from the casing of the reef which is now being opened. Encourage Native Industry.—The Adelaide Fishing Company showed good judgment when they invited a numerous circle of guests to par- take of the frozen fish imported recently by the Cuzco. It is certain that they could have taken no better method of impressing upon all who shared in the banquet that we have as good, fish on our own shores as can be sent to us from home. Here we need scarcely say we except the salmon. That king of the finny tribe is of course: "out of the running " altogether. As to the sole, a party of gourmets may nesitate over a Verdict of " proven or not proven " when called on to pronounce one as to his claim to be considered next to the salmon. Still when we think on the schnapper, the whitings, the gar-fish, and many others well-known to us. it seems that South Aus-, tta&a;"can hold its;own. We have mackerel here, ahd fine ones too ; and we should not be sur prised it "soles being disdovered for they are not uhkhowh in Sydney. We think then the Com- pany did wisely in .giving their dinner, and that those who tasted the imported fish (always ex- cepting the salmon) will all, the more willingly welcome the supply afforded them here by the Company, to which we wish ill success, and only regret that we have not a railway to afford us daily nieanB of providing bur tables with the dainty food with which they would supply lis. Entertainment.—Lovers of the mysterious will have ah opportunity of witnessing the per- formances of one who announces himself as "Pauley," the great conjuror, add who is adver- tised to appear at Echunga on the 6th, Mount Barker on the 8th, and Nairne on the 9th inst. We have no knowledge of the qualifications as a (conjuror which " Pauley " possesses, so content ourselves with drawing the attention of our readers to his advertisement. Pierce Artesian Well-Drilling and Min- eral Prospecting Machine.—Our attention has been called to the report of the performances of. a machine bearing this title and accompanied by a, description of the machine itself; which would occupy too much space and is too intricate to insert. A trial of the machine , was made in Wakefield Street, in February .of last year, in presence of Sir Thomas Elder, Sir Henry Ayers, several Members of Parliament, and gentlemen from the City and others interested in squatting and mining pursuits. The ground operated upon was not well adapted for testing the power of the machine, as it was only a soft clay. Cheap- ness, simplicity and effectiveness are claimed for this machine, which is Said to be very extensively used in America, especially in California, where it is Tefylsrgely employed for irrigation purposes, and it is asserted that those who employ it soon recoup themselves for its cost by the greatly increased average of their wheat-crops. It ap ppars that it could be advantageously employed for mineral prospecting purposes, for which its comparative cheapness is a great point jn its favor. Its cost, including duplicate of the horse gear of the parts of the machine and derrick, but exclusive of - well-tubing, is , about £225: From all that we hear, it seems well adapted for water orininerals. - We shall endeavour to . gain more ^information onihe. subject ..which, should ; we think-it-profitable for- our readers, we shall lay before them. The agents for the madhiiie are Messrs. ML Marwbod & Co., Waymouth ' Street, Adelaide. Dramatic Club Entertainment.—On Wed- nesday, the 27th ult., the Mount Barker Amateur Dramatic Club gave their first entertainment in the Institute Hall to a large and appreciative audience. The programme commenced with a recital—"'.Sentence of death on the high, seas," by Mr. F. Chapman ; this is rather a long piece for a novice in the art of elocution to attempt, and needs considerable declamatory powers to make it effective; however it was very iveil re ceived by the audience, but it might have been improved ih places where the reciter became rather indistinct from a too rapid utterance, a tfault 'which many beginners make in reciting. Then followed one of Douglas Jerrold's comic dramas, entitled:—" The Smoked Miser." There: are six characters in the cast, besides villagers, etc. " Screw" (the miser) was represented by Mr. H. Cope, who acted the part exceedingly well and his make- up was'execllent. The character of; " Nail" (a friefad of " Screw's ") was effectively rendered by Mr. J. W. Ramsay ; ahd Mr. J. R. Thomson as " Spiderlimb" a half-starved serV&nt; of " Screw's," caused a 'cohsiderable amount of mirth frofn his shockingly hungry look and his great anxiety lest anything should occur to prevent his allaying his appetite, which the present of some poultry to his master seemed to hold out a hope of his being able to do. Mr. J. T. Turner, as Dick Daring, a lover of old Screw's ward, was painstaking and well up in his text; Messrs. F. Chapman and M. J. Skipper credit- ably filled the other parts. A recital by Mr. J. R. Thomson brought.the first part of the enter- "tainment to a close. The second part was com menced by Mr. H. Cope reciting Ingoldsby's "humorous descriptive poem—" The Queen's Coro- nation," It is to be regretted he was not better up in the text as he was obliged to leave out a gfeat part'of it; it'was not milch'to be wondered at that his memory should fail him in this piece, as he was Asked to do too much during the even ing. What hc did'gire he gave admirably,, and well deserved the applause which he received. The next on the programme was a Farce—" The Spectre Bridegroom." Mr. J. Milne as the bride- groom looked the character to perfection, and his ghost-like appearancfe went hither and thither, to the great consternation of Squire Aldwihkte, (Mr. J. R. Thomson,) 'and Dickory (Mr. H. Cope). The other characters were well filled by Messrs. G-. Milne, F. Chapman, and M. J. Skipper. This Farce was as full of absurdities as such plays usually are, and it is always expected that the more foolery the more fun, ahdso in this instance the audience were kept in good humour from beginning to end, indeed they seemed so well pleased that after the curtain went down they still kept their seats as if expecting something more; their illusion was soon dispelled by the stage-manager announcing that they had come to the end of their programme. The entertainment as a whole was a v^ry gOod arte, and the setion'd appearance of the Dramatic Club will be looked ferward to tilth pleasure. Mount Barker Bachelors' Ball.—The Ball which is being given by the bachelors of Mount Barker ih the Institute Hall to-night, promises to he a very subcessMl affair. We hear over one hundred ladies, and gentlemen have accepted their invitations. The refreshments will be udder the charge of Mr. Wiedemann, of the Mount Barker Hotel, and musicians from Adelaide have been engaged. New Publication.—By. the courtesy of the Author and his Publisher, Mr. W. C. Rigby, We have received a neatly-printed little volume em titled—"The Philosopher, or Fragments of a Nineteenth Century Drama, by R. Caldwell. It consists of seventeen detached scenes, which de pict a portion of the lite ahd conclude with the death of the Philosopher, Whose reason has become obscured by too intense & . contemplation 6f .the mysteries of this world and the destinies of its inhabitants. The Author has evidently a very good ear for rhythm, though some lines occur which " halt in their feet." The bulk of the poem is in blank verse, which flows freely and in many passages displays sweetness and poetical feeling. The stanzas at the commencement of the Drama, entitled " The Prelude," and those which conclude the volume, seiem to us to be very well expressed, and .impress, us ifaVorably as to the Author's poetical capabilities. Road to.Border Town.—Ah influential depu- tation waited oh the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. A. Catt) on Mohday, August 1st, to urge the construction of a road from Wellington to Border Town through the Ninety-mile desert, and also the sinking of wells along the said road. The deputation, which consisted of some twenty gentlemen, most of whom came from the localities m question, was introduced by Mr. R. W; E. Henning, M.P., who pointed out the great neces-: sity that existed for the road mentioned. There was also great need of having wells sunk oh the route through the. desert, which would thus enable cattle to be taken along it with safety. . It was confidently reckoned that £300 to £500 would cover the whole expense. Mr. West- Erskine, Mr. Hay, and other gentlemen likewise addressed the Commissioner, and spoke strongly ih favor of the undertaking. Mr. Catt, in reply, said that, though he had no personal experience of the road in question, yet he was certain from what he had heard that it must be very bad. He regretted that the absence of the Surveyor-General had rendered it impossible for him to obtain his report on the subject. If the work could he done for anything like the amount estimated lie con- sidcred it would he money well spent, and he should certainly advocate the undertaking. He considered the question of water on the road to the South-East very important, and it should not be lost sight of.—Register. The Heliograph.—A ten-inch mirror, which is the diameter of the ordinary field-heliograph, is capable of reflecting tlie sun's rays in the form ! of a bright spdt 'or flare to a distance of fifty miles, the signal, at this interval being recog nisable without the aid of a glass. That is to i say, two trained sappers, Bach provided with a : mirror, can readily speak ,to One another, sup posing the sui is shining, with an Interval of fifty miles between them, provided thfeir stations are sufficiently high and no rising grburid. intervenes to stop the rays. The adjustment of the. military heliograph is a very simple matter. An army leaves its base, where, a heliograph station is located, and after traveling some miles desires to communicate with the stay-nt-homes. A. hill in the locality is chosen, .and a sapper ascends with liis heliograph, which is simply a stand bearing i mirror swung like the ordinary toilet looking-glass except that besides swinging horizontally it isalso i pivoted so as. to move vertically as welL Behind the mirror, in the very centre, a little of the quiSksilver.has been removed, so that the Sapper cetn go behind'his instrument and look through a 1 tiny hole in it towards the station he desires to signal" Having sighted thd station by adjusting ■ the niirror, he next proceeds td set up in front of the heliograph a rod, and upon this rod is a movable stud: This stud is mampulated like the foresight .of. a rifle, and the sapper again standing ! behind his instrument directs the adjustment of | this stud until the hole in the mirror, the stud, and the distadt station are id a line. The helio graph is then ready to work ; and, in order to ; flash signals so that they may be seen at a i distance, the sapper has only to take care that his mirror reflects the sunshine on the Stud just j in front of him. Chicago Hogs.—During the season of 1870-71 the number of bogs packed in Chicago was 918,087. During the season of 1880-81 the number was 5,752,191. The gain of tliis sedson j over last has been, it is said, over 1,000,000 hogs. Bank of England.—The Bank of England | was incorporated in 1694. It covers fire acres of I ground, and employs upwards of nine hundred I clerks. There are no windows on the street, light I being admitted through open courts ; no mob could take the' bank therefore without cannoii to j batter "the immense walls. Large cisterns are 1 sunk in the court, and engines in perfect order j are always in readinesB in case of fire. Echunga Gold-MlNING COMPANY.—The Manager (Mr. Robert Hall) reports, under date July 30, as follows :—" Since my last report I have driven north 10 feet through rock ; have also driven tunnel 16 feet further on, making a total of 26 foot further north. 'I have slabbed 58 feet more since my last report, shd'lfc inches more iu west drive. Washed one prospect ht the south corner; the yield of gold out . of a jfair sample would be about one penny weight to the dish. Have also got. some small specimens. Will drive tunnel to cut tlie top leader before sinking" down to cut the lower ones deeper. The country to drive in is "at present soft.4' Old Veteran's.:—A very peculiar circumstance happened one day last week, at .an Hotel near Gawler. An old veteran named Bernhardt Mad- deh, 84 years of age, was talking to the landlord of the Williainstown hotel (who had been through the Abyssinian war, and seen besides a good bit of active service in a cavalry regimeiit), and he was recounting his adventures when serving in the Marine Artillery in the Portuguese War, when another old veteran dropped in, who is known as Old Foster, and is 94 years of age. The conversation being of a military turn, he joined in, and said he was an infantry soldier in France at the time that "Bony" was taken prisoner for the first time. These " old gallants" were discussing and fighting their battles over again, when in walked a German with his swag, and he, too, was fired by the martial spirit. This man — August Reucke by name.—told them he was only 73 years' old, but he had. served full . time in the Berlin Guards. The united ages of these three persons, who had promiscuously met together, amounted to 251 years, and they, -pre- sented a very interesting trio. Such a meeting is scarcely likely to occur again in the colony, and the case is all the more interesting, in that each veteran dropped in without a thought or know- ledge of the.other. The. landlord of.the hotel, another old soldier, was highly 'pleased to meet these three who, although they had, been in many an encounter, were still as full of the martial spirit as ever,, and the old warriors' healths were, we need scarcely add, "heartily drunk.—Bunyip. Railway to Barrier Range.—The Terowie paper says, " A survey party from the Engineer- in-Chief's Department leaves town this week for Terowie, to commence the flying survey of the Barrier line. The party will be in charge of Mr. J. Bagot, who surveyed the Millicent and Penola line some little time back." Tatiara Railway.—The Chief Secretary iaid on the table of the House of Assembly on Tues- day plans of the proposed extension of the Tatiara Railway to Border Town, and estimates of the cost of the work. The line will be carried out on the narrow gauge, and its - length . will he 13 miles 44½ chains. The total cost will be £47,942 or £3,538 3s; per mile.' The rails instead of being of the standard weight of 50lbs will he of 41lbs to the yard, which is the weight used on the Narracoorte and Tatiara line. It is proposed to erect the engine and carriage shed already arranged for at Border Town, instead of the present terminus. Port Victor Breakwater.—The Southern Argus says :—" This work is being pushed on with considerable vigor. Since our last visit, some few weeks, ago, the breakwater has been very visibly lengthened, and now measures about 680 feet. The hopper barge at present is idle:— most of its work having been done ; but all the cranes, now worked with double blocks, are getting through immense quantities of work. The new large crane works admirably, lifting the im mense blocks and truck loads of granite over A large area, and placing them in the .exact spot re; quired, with marvellous precision a&d; speed. The granite thrown at liberty by the lift two of thriee blasts has nearly all found, it is to be hoped, its everihstfflg resting place in this substantial speci men of the handicraft of men, by which the stormy waves are to be held back from as safe, commodious; And convenient a harbor, either for business or refuge; as one could well imagine. To provide more stone the back side.of what is." known as the PdrhameAtiaiy TnflneV is being'1 rapidly bored. This will be ready for firing »n> about six weeks, and will hie one of, if not AJmo largest blast since the works were cbm£amh&& - the drive measuring about 266feet behind a solid wall of granite of about 60 feet high and 38 feet tliick—some thousands of tons ill extent". Mr. T.. Stranger, Mr. Robb's manager; informs lis that, some experiments have been made with a flew ex plosive invented by Mr. A. Noble; ahd the results were so satisfactory as to make it probable that a very considerable quantity of this iMdterfal will be Used in the next blast. The new compound is called ' blasting gelatine,' and is in appearanpe like soft wattle gum. Nitro-glyeerine is the maiA ingredient; 95 per cent, of which is used with 5 of gun-cotton ; and it is affirmed that although it is 50 per cent, stronger, bulk for bulk, than No. 1 dynamite, its Effects are not dearly sq violent or vicious, the stone being simply cracked and not powdered. It is also unaffected by water and is not so dangerous, as a special dynamite cap and primer alone have the power to ignite it; The screw-pile jetty is now being finished off j the fender piles are all driven, fouf lines of rails are being laid, and only tlie ballasting remains to be done. .The jetty will be available. uB'dut the middle of the month, and large steamers o? v§jj' sels may lay along either side in from 22 to 26 feet low water mark, and load or discharge -as comfortably as in a dock, the sea being' as calni as a pond, so protected is it by the*; breakwater even at its present short length. We noticed some fantastical iron steps at one side of the jetty leading to tlie wdter; but w'e cannot siy th'at we admire tliem—they are too precipitous add ilar how—and whoever goes up or dowii them with safety may thank his stars ah angel of protectibi| was guiding his feet aright alohg the narrow ahd slippery way. The causeway to the jetty has been neatly squared off on each side, and the main Causeway is hdw Being hifeasured off .for se& pitching. It is pleasurable to stdte thdt tn'e coh traefcor appears to be carrying Out his work with a view to give a safe breakwater, afld there.is no doubt it could heft be better doiie: There' hitS been some talk in the • coloity is to the necessity for a gravihg dock for the bonvedieiice of huge steamers ahd vessels, ahd a Coaling depot; Al the inner side of the breakwater there is a splendid opening for such a convenience, and it would be well for the Government to 'ihspect this spot before fixing oh any other. In every waythis Would of all places be the lifcSst cOvetiieht; 