HAMLET. Anexcellcufc house was accorded Mr Stnart O'Brien at the Mechanics' Institute last evening,, on the occasion of his bene fit, Shakespeare's tragedy, " Hamlet," was presented, and in a manner that astonished even those who had been sauguine of enjoyment. The character of the melancholy Prince was admirably por trayed by Mr Dillon, his acting, gestures, and elocution indicating a most artistic con ception of the part. Although his voice was marred by hoarseness, Mr Dillon's enuncia tion was clear 'and distinct, and, whilst avoiding the fault against which he cautioned the players, that of " ranting," he allowed no effective speech to fall tamely, but gradually aroused his audience and worked them into applause at its termination. Hamlet's abstracted mauuer, the sad den changes in l\is demeanor from consciousness of the guilt of his mother and uncle, to abstractedness, excitable madness, or strange canning—these require the stu dent and the actor for their proper expres sion, and we do not compliment Mr Dillon when we say he interpreted them most artis tically, fairly tc'ipsingall his previous imper sonations. Miss Marian Willis played Ophelia with her wonted grace aud skill, her actioginthe mad sccnebeingreallyadmirable, and winning the warm applause of the house. Mr Stuart O'Brien was a dignified and Kingly "Ghost," playing the difficult part with his usual care and ability. Mr Huntley was an excellent Polonius, Mr Keogh a good Laertes, Mr South a capable King, and Mr Byrne an effective Horatio. Miss Ver non played the Qaeen, Miss Edwards the player Queen, and Miss Wiseman the page Osric. Mr O'-Neil was very amusing as the First Gravediggec, and Messrs Barry, Arrowsmith, Laurie, Millar, and Levy did justice to the parts allotted them. Space precludes a fuller notice, but we may add that it is many years since so excellent a Shakespearian representation has been given in this town, and we are sorry that the management have not been encouraged 'by good support to prolong their stay. This evening, Mr Dillon will appear as "Rob Roy," and on Monday evening the company will close their season. 