Lutheran Church. THE foundation stone of a new Lutheran Church was laid on Wednesday afternoon by his lordship Bishop Hale. The church is being erected on Wickham-terrace, nearly opposite All Saints' Church, and according to the design it will be a very neat and commodious place of worship for our German brethren, who will form the principal members of the congregation. The design of the church has been drawn by Mr. C. Waagepeteraen, architect. It is in the early English style, and will be 41ft. long by 26ft. wide, and the chancel 20ft. by 11ft. There is to be a neat vestry 10ft. by 8ft, and a belfry over the front elevation facing Wickham-terrace. The roof will be shingled, and the stone for the font has been presented by Mr. Netzler. The total cost of the church, without seats, is to be £710, and of this sum £430 is already sub scribed, and an addition of £15 15s. was placed on the foundation stone. The pastor of the church, the Rev. C. F. A. F. Schirmeister, after a hymn had been sung in German, and prayer had been offered up by him, requested his lordship Bishop Hale to lay the stone, and at the same time pre- sented him with a very handsome silver trowel, bearing a suitable inscription, and a miniature mallet of polished tulip wood. In the cavity of the foundation-stone there were deposited copies of the local papers, and also a document of which the following is a copy :— GERMAN LUTHERAN CHURCH OF NORTH BRISBANE. The foundation stone of this German Lutheran Church was laid by the Right Reverend Mathew Blagdon Hale, D. D , Bishop of Brisbane, on the thirtieth day of Novem ber, in the ye&r; of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, being the forty-fifth y«ar of the reign of her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, during the pa»torate of the RevU. 0. F. A. F. Schirmeister. The first German Lutheran Church in Brisbane, a •wooden building, was opened on the twenty-fifth day of December, a d. ono thousand eight hundred and sixty one, during the pastorate of t.he same abovenamed pastor. The present trustees are—The Kevd. C. V. A. F. Sohir meiater, Edward Augatuin, Julius Casper Burdorff, Lud wig Rutbning, and Jacob Outttieb Gross. Chnrohwanlens : Thomas Wagner, Robert Gripp, and Philipp Holzberger. Architect: Christian Waagepetersen. Contractors: Henry Smith, bricklayer ; John Vine, carpenter ; Richard Robinson, plasterer; Charles Kert land, plumber ; R. S. Exton, painter. God Save tub Queen t The following declaration of faith was also deposited :—" The German Lutheran Church of North Brisbane, in common with all Lutheran churches, hold the Holy Scriptures as the only and sole rule and precept of her faith, doctrine, and life, in conformity with the confessions of faith of the German Reformation, namely, the unaltered confession of Augsburg, its apology, the articles of Schrnalhalden, the lesser and greater catechism of Dr. Martin Luther, and the For mula Concordia." The above declaration was written and read in both German and English. The documents being deposited and the stone lowered, his Lordship tapped the stone with the mallet, and declared it to be well and truly laid, *• in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." His Lordship said he had great pleasure in being present on the occasion and assisting his friend, the pastor of the church, in laying the foundation stone. He had known Mr. Schirmeiater for many years, and in all the great principles of religion they wero both of one mind. Although they were Of different nationalities and denominations, still in all tfae main essentials of Christian life nnd feeling he found they were both drinking from the same fountain of life—the Gospel of Christ. He congratulated the pastor and his people on the auspicious occasion of the laying of the foundation stone, and trusted that by God's blessing they would all one day meet in a " temple not made by hands, but eternal in the heavens." The ceremony was concluded by the singing of a hymn in German and the benedic tion. 