AOTA POPULI. Br thb Flawbub, I am of opinion that if Alderman J. D. Young held office whilst the ' Tower of Babel' was being erected things would have got on much better with the whole concern. Mr. Young's forte Deems to be to look through 20 feet deep founda tions, and 4 feot walls, and the contractor who intendo to do a ' soainp' has either to got up ex tremely early, or to ventiluto Alderman John with a shot-gun. The foundations of our Town Hall have for some time past been tho lions of our city, and country visitors have been in the habit of paying pilgrimages thereto, and gazing at them with pretty muoh the same expression on their healthy features aa they would if planted before the colossal temples of Karnac, or acow with two heads and four tails. After a time, howovor the show began to lose interest j but Alderman J. D. Young at onco came to the rescue, and after prodding about here, and spying about thero3 suddenly discovered tho walls of our mighty archi tectural fraud were about as hollow as a politician's promise, or tho stomach of a man who had been seven months aboard a Bhipwreck. Tho conse quence was, the interest has been revived, and oyowde aye flocking in daily to see the neyr jimusomont. Tho 'S'iraton of Penzanoo ' aro not I a patch on it, and Alderman -T. J-. Young in j evidently the Australian Barnuni. Whon tho I; wall show thins out J. D. Young will tuvarni up and poke hin gingham through the clock to aoo what that's made of, and do on until our Civic Fathers will bo forced to give tho wholo affair bout, and to hoint up placardo on tho walls of our onco lovely hall oaying ' Tenders will now bo received for tho carting awp_y of this rubbiuh.' If over a man deserved well of bio country since the days when ' Horatiun kept tho bridgo,' that man is Alderman J. P. Young; and, fellow* oleetorn, don't — you — fnrgot — it. '? TomljH of tho Cnjrinro, your sad honours cry : Tiivo little men, for lo ! e'en god n must clio.' — Martial. Lord Bor-coiip/iekl is dead, and yot not only does this presumptuous old globe continue to roll on an if nothing had ha-pponcd, but oven tho price of houso rcnt^Qrango killed boef, and I tram tickets remain unaltered. ]f tho most insignificant mombev of ' Omi of the Jones' bad ' stepped out,' his departure could not have effected tho doings of thoao ho loft bohind more slightly. At the first glance this sccrrio strange, but when the affair io carefully sifted our astonishment begins to leak,, and we lose valuable time endeavouring to discover what the noble Earl over didijtojaohieve his popularity. He woo □imply one of those who had acquired greatness, and perhaps no man before over built up such a colossal famo on such a pauper's capital. Ho was a weathercock politician, and as a man of letters I doubt if oven the one-horse Herald would engngo him to report a toa- fight. In his style he very much resembled a bottle of picnic /niifterbeor, all froth and fizz when firot uncorked, but apt to get dreadfully .flat soon after. He commenced lifo as an office bojT, and liko the Pinafore hero — ' He copied all his letters in a big round hand. Aud he copied hiss letters so well d'yo soo, That he soon became Ruler of the Queen'siuavee.' And after this, it at times seemed as if ho ruled even tho Queen herself, for no ruler before wao ever so much efltoomed or consulted by his reign ing monarch. He possessed great perseverance, and great cheek ; he know exactly the proper moment to come to tho front and astonish the world with tho ' grandiloquent exuberance of his own verbosity ;' and he also knew tho exact time when ho should close up, and quietly retire to a back seat, lie alao put his hair in paperB, and it is worthy of note that he never usod a word of one syllable when a word of ten would answer tho fliinio purpose. In one line, ho was ' John Daviea on a larger scale. If we wish to turn to the portrait of a truly great man, however, we must stop round, and on quire for Mr. l-'oseby, M.L.A.I.O.G-.T., &c.; The openings of Exhibitions, Railroads, Parliaments, Pantomimes, and many other all-important works and gatherings havo at times boon postponed through the unavoidable absence of some potont magnate such as Sir 'Enry or tho late Czar, but it remained for Mr. Koseby to attain the unparalleled distinction of having tho worship of his Maker postponed because he did not choose to incon venience himself by.?giving the people of Tain worth the treat on Sunday week of feasting their eyes on hia god-like form. Public services, wo are told, were to have been held there in connection with the ' Queen's Own S.O.T.'s.' but the idea was postponed inconsequence of the principal S.O.T.'s (Mr. Koseby's) absonco. This is extremely good for Tamworth, and extremely high for Mr. Eoseby, and yet even ablackfellowhasono advantage over that much honoured gentleman, because a nigger can ride a horse and look even graceful, whilst the mounted M.L.A.'s appearance gives one tho impression of a small scissors stuck across a very large gate. However, Achilles had ono weak spot, and eo has Roseby. Only Achilles' iwao in hiu heel ; Roseby's is in his head. Sir 'JSnry's motto respecting hio much-loved colony is evidently ' though lost to sight to mem'ry dear,' and his much-loved colony can without the slightest hesitation apply the same to him. Each time ho visits Melbourne, he rc^ turns therefrom laden with those classic works of art of which he is a fond admirer, but also such a thoroughly competent judge. At one time it will be a Japanese vaso, next an Etruscan vase, then a vaso from Soville, but always a vase. There wan a young man onco afflicted with an irrepres sible mania for playing that extremely dulcet and romantic instrument of musical warfare called tho bass trombone, but after six years' hard labour, during which period ho slaughtered as many oi: his fellow-citizens as Sampson did Philistines, .and with almost the oiune weapon, he felt constrained to inform his teacher ho could only play ono note. To ^yhicb. the said teacher replied ; ' Wei 0 tick to that ono note, and in course of t.inio you; may find someone v/ho will appreciate ifc.' It must bo oven oo with the ?. , Promior. Ho can only judge a vaso, and probably '-i (?rusts in the dim future to find sorno ono at least ?' v7booo tnolo will jog along in tin.) name direction. Thoro are many other articlou in {?ho 'brickbat' lino, an it hao beon culled, r/hicli I think might be ventured on such ao Fed Kelly's boots, the bung- * w-Sfa, hole from tho Gf-lonrowan rum kog, n hotth oi ;«&! the '3ran Yoan Mixtuvo,' two or three blooko ''''-.? from our Town Hall foundations, a photo of tho clock at the railway station, and tho shroud of the ' '' ghost of Kiania. Those wouldHiolp to build up quite a young muooum, and the name of tho gone- ' ' rous founder would live aa long in tho memory of his people as that of the gifted philanthropist who first invented a shirt to button backwards. Mr. J. S. Huthnanco ' gif a barty ' lastWod tiosday night in tho York-street Wesleyan Church. I knew he'd do it. A lion who has onco tasted blood iniifit have Kioro, and so it is with Mrg Huthnanco. Having onco tasted a refreshing draught from tho glorious, unapproachable music' of the Catholic Church, ho went in for another, and a deeper and a far more delightful eup. - . Webor's sparkling Macs in G was this time worried up, and with tho exception of a mistaken notion respocting tho proper tempo of some of the pieceo, the whole affair was most successful, Some seventy singers were set in motion, and it is no exaggeration to eay a better lot of voices has not been heard at any concert in Sydney for the past five years. Of course Mr. Huthnance and his talented choir will not stop here, and we may shortly expoct to find them wrestling with the giants Mozart and Haydn. Tho second part of the (.UIJUUI U WUUJ.IA \XU U1CU1U LU tiilj UULiDliJ All UJU^llVJ one item alone — viz., the organ solo by Mr0 Hector Maclean — being itself worth all the money. Mr. M'Lean showed a thorough know- -:, . lodge of tho king of instruments in every detail, j ''-f* - and (.he congregation who ait under this gifted organist are to bo indeed envied. It is to be hoped Mr. Hutihnance's people understand his \ value. Speaking of tho above concert reminds me it is a lamentable fact that whilst our Dissenting friends are advancing with giant strides in every thing connected with sacred music, we aro retro grading with a liko spoed. It is simply the naked truth to say that tho musical services in the diffe rent Catholic churches last Easter Sunday were the worst we havo hoard for many a year, with, , perhaps, the exception of St. Patrick's. Time was when a full orchestra would fill tho aialea with its gloriouB strains, now moving the hearts of the worshippers to solemn awe as the terrible ' Efc Orucifixus ' was mournfully delivered by tho choir with all the dramatic accompaniment which the inspired brains o£ the old masters could devise ; ; arid anon tho tuneful band would startle the : '-!? echoes and gladden their hearers' minds as the 1\ trumpets joined in, and the soul-inspiring ' Resurrexit ' followed. It is simply utter non- ' sense to say people are not influenced by music and when we read the episode of David before ? the mind- diseased Saul it sooms almost blasphemy. If we are to do our music at all, it must be done thoroughly ; and if we are to abolish it or go back to the Gregorian days, let uo be consistent, and drive Raphael and Corregio out with Weber and Beethoven. A step farther back would then do away with our noble edifices, whioh even our enemies admire, and we will then have re turned, as it were, to the days when the blue vault of heaven was the only roof to God's sacred church, and the greensward its only carpet. It ^ is no pleasure to write thus, but it is a mournfu -'^''1 duty. '? I 