THE SERMON OF AN IRISH PRIEST. reported by one of the hearers in a letter to his friend in yorkshire. . . (To MickCollins, Bridge of Wire, Yorkshire.) His reverence chose for his text, Heb. ix. 27. —"It is appointed unto men once to die, and after death the judgment." He said, " Friends and neighburs, we are met as you all know to celebrate the sad ceremony of Molysh Quinn's death and burial, and you see the text I have taken out for correction and warning of every man and mother's son in Ballinamuch. It says we must all die, and who doesn't know we must all die. Need I tell you that Adam and Noah are dead, and even Methusaleh, who lived nearly one thousand years, he is dead, for we must all die. But why go so far back as the old world to prove we must all die. Sure Herod is dead, and Pilate is dead, and the very Prince of the ApoBtles is dead, for we must all die. .But why go so far back as the apostles to prove that we must all die. Sure Felix Farley is .dead, a man well known to you all, and as handsome a fellow as ever hunted a landlord out' of ; the parish, and then there is Paddy Malone, where in all the town land could you, have found his match ? He could fight, jump, or put the stone with the best man in Ireland. He is dead, for we muBt all die. But why give nameB, is hot the immortal O'Connell dead, who . a thousand times beat the British Parliament all to pap, and redeemed Ireland with his own, arm ? He is dead, for we muet all die. So you see after all, boys, we are nothing, for we must all die. But observe, the text does not say how we are to die. Some die in the battle field, some at the stake, and some at the gallows, and far more like old Moylish in the midden, for we must all die. So you see after, all. boys we are nothing but tenants at will. Look at that yellow-hearted ruffian of a land lord that would not agree to the proposal'of Rowe of the Hill to reduce the rent 20 per, cent. He died like a dog in bis own ditch, for we must , all die. Paddy Brady died gloriously fighting the Orangemen at Maghrapor. So you see in whatever place or whatever way, one thing is certain — we must die. What are you. looking for, Andy O'Roon? Is it the text you , arc looking for— in the life of Saint Bridget O'Toole ? Lay down that book this blessed minute you unmannerly scullen, or I'll send you six months to the holy wells at Loch Derig and that will take the heat out of your knees. It was no wonder Father O'Shea cursed your uncle, for there never was one of your name that ever I knew fit for anything better than carrying gut3 to a bear ; and look at John Daly there, as sound aBleep as if he had paid me all my dues, while its the first time I have seen his blessed countenance this two years, and not a photographer in Ireland could take his likeness, there's so many contortions about his face ; — in a word, brethren he verifies the saying of St. Paul, he's given over to strong delusion to believe a lie. What are you kicking at, Simon McGunagil? if you can't be easy, be as easy as you can. You all knew Farmer Duffy, for who didn't know Farmer Duffy? Well, Farmer Duffy, had a grey mare and a black home, and Farmer Duffy put the grey mare and the black horse out to graze in the field, march ing onBilly Knox the heretic : and the devil put it in the grey mare's head to take a mouthful of Billy's grass, and in getting over the fence she fell and broke her neck, and better couldn't happened her; for we must all die. Likewise, old Molysh Quin, left her own green Catholic pasture for a mouthful of Methodist prayers, and coming home from the unholy feast she fell into McQuades Midden and broke her neck, and better couldn't happen her ; for we must all die. Now, when Farmer Duffy's black horse comes home at night, he colls "Mohee! Mohee ! Och ! Och !" but there is no grey mare; the grey mare is dead ; for we muBt all die. _ Likewise, when Philip Quinn comes home at night, he calls Molysh ! Molysh ! but there is no Molysh, Molysh is dead ; for we must all die. Look this way Brian Kelly, if you please, do you think it is a wake or a raffle you are at ? do you not think a shame of yourself, look round and see your decent neighbours how they are drying their tears with the holy influence of the solemn occasion ; but I see there is no way of getting at your feelings but with a stick, for if the very prince of the Apostles were preaching to you there, is not a man from the town land you came from, but would make a fool of himself. Now the fathers tell us there was a tree, a rat, and a bear; the tree is life, the rat is death, and the bear is sickness ; the man afraid of the bear climbed up into the tree to save his fife ; the rat sickened, yawned at the root until the tree fell and the bear eat the man ; for we must all die I Just imagine Paddy Cane, that never had a mouthful of sense since the day he was born, speaking to the angel Gabriel, who is a highly educated gentleman; was rared and brought up in a place called Galii. But thank God you have your priests, who have learning enough to speak to any army of saints. But let us consider for a moment the last clause of our text; "after death the judgment," and it may not be so very long till the angel with one foot on the sea and the other on the land declaring time to be no longer. I have my eye on you boys over there, I will be there, and you will be there ; and when the question is put by St. Peter the founder of our church, " Father O'Rork, did I not make you parish priest over BaUinamuck ?" I will say, " You did, your Worships glory, and itwas very kind of you." Then he will say, "Father O'Rork, did your people come to mass ?" I will say " They did." Then he will say " Did you people come to confession?" I will say "They did" holy Father. And by the ghost of Saint Bridget, the elegant confession they did make? Then he will say, " Did they pay you your dues ?" Then I will say, " There's the reprobates ; let them speak for themselves." And, in conclusion, let me say " Molysh Quinn's prospects are brighter at this moment that many of the Nottinghogs I see before me," who doesn't know who made them but from the report of the country ? Look at Barney HugheB there, (that half of Omagh railway belongs to) coming here after buying one single ticket ; but what needs I talk. A man that wouldn't buy a pennyworth of soap to wash his own face will do little for the love of God or his fellow- man. But if cleanliness be next to Godliness, Barney you are far this day from the kingdom of Heaven. And now go home like good Christians, and if you call at James Mcnaulty's, . don't be taking more than a couple of glasses, for if there's a fight on the road this night, the . man that strikes the first blow, I'll hand him over to the devil to have his nose bored through with a red hot iron, and chained to the hot plate where they roast the Protestants on' to all eternity." Off we started and some of the boys had better look out for their nose, for we had barely the first glass swallowed when the discussion began about the sermon, government, home rule, and the Irish Republic, and before I knew what I was about some of the boys were practising the movements of the Kilkenny eats and as usual, Father O'Rork had to separate them with a whip he keeps for doing duty .'on ' these pious occasions. And now, dear Miok, when I get a supply of paper I'll give you the argument that led to the row, and when Father O'Rork preaches another funeral sermon, " may you be present to hear it," is the prayer of. Yours, to command. TAIG O'HANIGAN. 