TO-MIGHT'STAMUseivte// thkatuk uoyal v irguuus is tlio play at tlm n .. , with Mr llivvltina m th0 (,iti0 . j-"'1 fo-nb),. liwt Buatnmod in Mull, St »J)idi and, lnsfoio him, by Ah. Mm,!,,' C'lesivict 'ip is 1V118 written by ,Ume» Shofii'ii,, i- I'll) foi't -Mr Minimally, allj . Jriiu.,;., ninul prmhictimi, „ „0,. tlio mnnuaoriiit to tins » " ? Wi who rocoivoil it iu „nu of tho ,,,; i,;, stock n theatre oholvco lis wui , , l'ciuly at an <x.l(i moment, iloiv'w" ' «.cr tho i, reduction. The one,;,, R,JI|s emmht bis attention nt once n Illicitly fascinated by tlio writer's m i,, 1,0 > records in bis diary that bo wroupht upon ,n Ilia life us by hi," ! J'ovw, s' of this play, its powerful dnnn'o bodying Ihomselvoa to his '.'it nnrfvaljcd sinco SI,akc3p"n!e.,m,1,Rj'1''f » n 110 ih tho character which I Hh-.n , ; uil greatest, Willi all tho advanti,K0 11 " ,,l> lust representative." Maeri" 5!"? full of this great play. Charles „ retained as the lei us, and an in.,,,... ll,!o waited the first prodmkiou 7 c" 1!!=' theatre. Koinblo was «o lum-i !l'bi scarcely able to speak, and tho dram, l',' '» tiro m tho early scenm m K' boing besido himself with vexation 1!re% plot unfolded, aud tlio villaineous scL t!,, triumvir, Appius Olaudiun, to I of Virginia, r aughtor; of U,„ iiotlo'fti®1' manifested, tho spectators were l,,i K" the history on ns by birdlime and , thol'orum evoked such storms olVi ',1, : 1,515 such excitement as Macrouiv i i )aa! before witnessed, in hifS Hero Appms gots a fennf,, y15®;.'. swear falsely that Virginia i, 'i ll daughter, the slave being in iCi,,,ua 'j!'.0;;5 infamous Appms. "Seize her licton"' 11 Appms, from bis throne, "ilcariviil moment," exclaims Virginius, as I, I, i "!? 5 girl clings to hi,,,. As a gmSj saved tlio State, ho asks onkqj farewell of Virginia, whom ),.% long believed to be his child, tiiou tfc swears that she Hold tho in 1,0 3 its mother, now dead. Then |,„ 1VI , ' 5' but one way to save thee, 'tis v , ! He grasps along knife off a hutcherh v 11 lienr by, and stabs Ins daughter to tho Vj I 1 he assemblage is m consternation Inn, .1" exclaims Apple,,, aa Virgini,,/. withS reeking knife in his hand, darts towards m crowd. Virginias cries "LeL mow,, „.i stop tho father, with the steel mmWencdkh" daughter's blood. I owing his way ridit 'i left, he rushes out. The play clllU v?itl, tl .! stiunghiig of Appms, bv Virginias, in Virginias has gone mud. As the curtain h i, slowly, his reason comes |,ac!; (o w , 5 the attendants show Virginia's ashes in an p Such is tlie strong aml lieauLifuliy written play to ho illustrated in Royal to-night. Tlio cmI include?: Virriim J iiu hins ; Icilins (lnyor of Virgiiia)AWW; Appius, Douglas; Renlatus (an old viruii B.N. Jones; Numitorius, Dewing ; Viri/ Alice Doorwyn; Servia, Flora Anstcad, 3 ' TUB OPERA HOUSE, Horr Bandnmnu'a long expected Kami! is to bo given this evening, us performed !r him 2000 times in English undUcrmaiiall ove tho world. Tins impersonation has alreadynui 8 with high favour in Melbourne, whore Ilmi l mann was the first to introduce various iior'l and effective pieces of business such a-, Ghost's , starting out of tho life-size pirlrA I of tlio Kingj in the closet .scene, w'i/b ITamlol's distempered mind conjurd! up the apparition. Having neon ihnl-1 mann do this very thing twelve vein H ago, wo wero amused lately to s« M critic set it down as tiie invention of ono of tij H most recent histrionic visitors to Melbo':irr.;9 In somo points, Mr Bandmann only claim; ti B introduce us to tho now lights of tneUennnl school, although experience teaches hirir.hiB tho unmixed, Gorman Hamlet will mtihi.rB English audiences. lie has surrounded h;i-B solf with a really admirable company. Mrl Fairclough lakes tlio Ghost, to which Ms rinB tones will givo unusual significance. M:9 Cathcart is to play Laertes, Mr .Stuart 0T.rl;iH tlio King, Mr Musgravo Polonim, Mi->B Beaudot Ophelia, Miss Juno the Queen. IhB play should bo woll done, with such a distnbi-9| tion, Ophelia is Miss Bcnudet's most suc&'-fl ful part. Sho has, indeed, boon "spnkcuc>tu|H tho best Ophelia yet scon in Australia, anlifl will be interesting to ascertain how far ihfl warrants this designation. Homo people njfl that comparisons aro odorous, but for all tlu9 rveryone will mako them. Mr lbndunnn'S Hnnilet to-night derives a special attraclkoB rom tho recent performanco over tlmvjy,H and he will bo full v on liis mettle, h'e sun-fl joso thoro is not more than ono living ac!,v(H Barry Sullivan, who has acted so often as Tvtr Bandmann. It u till favorito part, although tho public will in#, oil seeing him so ofton in Narcissc, na wns the with Atacrondy's Rob Roy. Mr lbnta! has given moro of his life study to Hamlet tin! to anything olso, and rogards it n3 the Cirairl stonoofhisroputation. I IUJOU THEATRE. _ _ I All wo can say in rognrd to tho Bijou h /d I tho Juvenile Tambour-Major is still runuto;',| and gives no signs of boing withdrawn. I RT. CF.OROE'S 1IALL. t I Professor and Louise Anderson give tkeiil last norfornianco but ono this ovcuinj,afl| Monday is thoir Inst night, I Hudson's theatre. I Whero is it ? Well, Hudson's Theatre anil Pnlacoof Varictiosis thoNovolty, lateTliwha Comiquo, formorly Polytechnic. It has bKal dono up in such an elegant and bright b/'waB that somo enthusiastic visitors say it is tMl prettiest placo in Melbourne. Mr llud:an| opens to-night with his Surprise Tarty, ct| ladies and gentlemen. Tho orgamsation iraa in Molbourno boforo, but sinco that tunc it h«| been pleasing tho _ world m tr;-| East, and now returns with several fresh i !««, besides old favorstcs. Tlioro is a long lut , 1 1 perfonnors and a sparkling programme i will m| nfforded. " Tommy " Hudson has tho u-.:t| wishes of ovoiyono in his now venture. I 