^Mm&. WESLEYAN GENliRMi 00N tERENCE. Third Day : Friday, Mat IS. The section having been opened with the usual devotions, toe daily record and minutes of the previous day mre lead. Tha Revs. F. Ijujgbism, F. Toit. and Mr. Hardy (all of the New South Wales Conference), and Messrs. Warncck and King (of theVictoria Conference), took tfceir seats in the Conference. The £evs. J. H. Fletcher, Dr. Kelvnack, and Mr. Hardy, were appointed a committee to prepare an address to the British Oonferenoe ; and the fievB. W. H. Fitchett, F. Tait, and Mr. Baddtutury, to prepare an address to the Canadir.li Conference. ±ce itev. w . money, an ex-presiaeu » 01 me New Zealand Conference, was appointed to act in the Confeience in place of the presi dent, the lateBev.J. B. Kichardsun, until the arrival of ex-President lee. A committee oa ministerial interchanges, educational institutions, &c;, was appointed, consisting of the Eevs. F. Tait, B. Sellore, W. Jj. Binkt, J. Bickford, and H. Boll, and Messrs. Ciawih&w;, John, Vasey, Scott, and Moxhsm. The Bev. B. Seliors, convener. The Conference then went intoacommittee of the whole on the subject of missions, and re solved, on the ground that many matters of a personal character were involved, to sit with closed dGors. The General Secretary of Missions (Eev. B. Chapman) placed the minutes of the executive committee on the table of the Conference, and they were taken as read, the secretary proceed ing to report upon the several matters of business contained in the minutes. On affairs in Tonga it was reported that the king and people bad requested that Tonga be formed into a separate district. They referred to the great good done by the missions, and the progress in religion and civilization made in their islands, and offered, if their request were complied with, to undertake the whole expense of the mission |n the district. The Gehbbal Sbcbbeart moved that the Friendly Islands be no longer tinder the Mission Board of Management, but that it be a district in connection with one of the annual conferences. The Bev. J. Bick fobd seconded the resolution. A long discussion ensued, in which the corres pondence between the missionary committee, King George, the missionaries, and others, was called for ; and the relation of the Tongan mis sion to the committee was fully explained. She Bev. J. Watsfobd moved as an amend ment — 'That however desirable it may be to form the Friendly Islands into a separate dis trict, this Conference cannot at present consent to this, inasmuch as it clearly appears that it is ' recommended by the Friendly .Islands district and the New South Wales andQoeensland Con- ferences, under pressure brought to bear on them by the King of the Friendly Islands.' The amendment was not seconded. The dis cussion was continued till past 5 o'clock, when the resolution was carried with only one dis sentient.-. The Conference reassembled in the evening when the plan of appointments for Sunday was submitted and accepted. It was resolved that the farther proceedings of the committee be conducted with open doors. The Bev. W. P. Wells moved— 'That after beating a detailed relation of the facts whioh led up to Mr. Shirley Baker's resignation of his position as a minister in our Church, and after a careful consideration of the same, thjs Con ference desires to record its sense of the great care which the Board of Missions and the New South Wales and Queensland Conferences have exercised in dealing with Mr. Baker. This Conference farther expresses its; deep sympathy vfith the boai d and the above Conferences in the peculiarly difficult position in which they were placed, and its approval of the course they hava pursued.' After a brief disonsrion the resolu tion was withdrawn for the present. The Hon. John Case moved — ' That the president and secretary inform His Majesty, King George of Tonga, that remembering his great love as shown in his taring service and support given to our mission for many years tie thank God for him, and assure him that we earnestly wish and pray that his life and use fulness may be continued and increased for many years, and we trust that the decision of this Oonferenoe constituting the Friendly Islands a separate and self sustaining district will give special satisfaction to, and will largely promote the spiritual prosperity of our dear brethren and sisters in Tonga and the surrounding islands.' The resolution waB carried, and the Hon. John Can and the Hevs. W. Xi. Binks and '&. .Daniel were appointed to prepare an address to King George embsdying the sentiment of the resolu tion. The ftev. B. Chapman moved that the Tonga District be connected with the New South Wales and Queensland Conference. The Ber. J. Bick rORD moved a- an amendment that the Tonga pifitrict be connected with the Victoria and Tasmania Conference, and gave as a reason for this course that the relations between Tonga and the New South Wales Conference were already somewhat strained. He would not propose that Tonga be connected with the New Zealand Con ference because he believed that that Conference bad been negligent as to its duty in regard to the Maori Mission. He was informed that there was the greatest difficulty in securing the services of any European minister among the tlaories, and that the young ministers refused to learn the Maori language. The Bev. ffsi. M orley seconded pro forma, and took the op portunity to deny altogether the statements made by Mr. Bickford in regard to the neglect of the Maori work. Wherever the statement came from it was certainly incorrect, as there was sever a time when so much money was raised, and so much work done for the Maori Mission as at present; and the number of Maori members of the church was never so great as now. Mr. Moxham, of HewJZealand, also de precated Mr. Bickford'sremarks.and concurred in Mr. Morley'e statements as to the attention given to the work. The Maori language was studied by all the European theological students, and they mingled with the Maori students and people. The Bev. E. Batch also gave informa tion showing that Mi. Bickford had been misin formed, especially urging that the New Zaaland Conference required all their young ministers to learn theMaon language, and that they had never before had bo many members among the Maories. She Bev. J. Bxckfobd accepted the statements and withdrew his remarks. The Revs. H. Bath and G. Daties and Messrs. Holder and Davtbs spoke to the question, and the amendment was put to the Conference and lost by an overwhelming majority. The Bev. B. M. Hcsteb moved as a farther amendment that the Tonga district be attached to the New Zealand Conference. Mr. Holder seconded en the ground that the New Zealand Conference iras, in his opinion, the best fitted to take charge of that district, in consequence of its experience in the Maori mission work. Mr. S. G. King opposed the amendment. He thought that in case the experiment should not succeed the New Zealand Oonferenoe would be nnable to bear the financial burden that would come npon the Con ference, whereas that contingency would be pro vided for if Tonga were attached to the New Booth Wales Oonferenoe. Mr. Davtbs theught that the amendment would be regarded as a practical censure upon the New South Wales Oonferenoe. Mr. Campbell said that the con duet of the New South Wales representatives in connection with this subject he thought was the best assurance that could be given that the connection of Tonga with New South Wales would result in no irritation. The Bev. B. Chafmah said that the financial difficulty in case the Tonga district should not be able to support itself would be a very serious one; and further that the property in Tonga belonging to the church was settled on the basis of a deed that reauired that the administration of the district 'should be by the New South Wales Conference. The amendment was lost and the original motion carried. The arrangement of details for carrying out the new scheme was remitted to the following committee:— The B6vs. G. Woolnough, J. Watsford, J. Bickford, W. Morley, and B. Ohapman, and Messrs. Pavies, Vaeey, Bone, and Moxham. The Bev. B. Battk submitted a resolution of the New Zealand Conference as follows:— ?'That in the judgment of this Conference the Board of Missions exceeded its powers in placing the Kev. S. W. Baker on Mb trial, as he was not placed under the direc tion of the board.' The Bev. W. H. Fitchett challenged the right oE the New Zealand Conference to pass suoh a reso lution, as it was not a recommendation to tbe General Conference, but fired oS into spaoe. The opinion expressed in the resolution might or might not be correct, but lie contended that the manner of setting it forth was improper The Bev. B. Bavtx de fended the action of his conference on the ground that the report of the proceedings of the missionary executive was remitted to {hem for conno'eration and remark. After a spirited discussion of the constitu tional aspect of the subject the Bev. 'W- B. TxrciEETr moved as an amendment— ?' That the action of a committee of the General Conference is brought on properly for review in the Conference itself; but it is irregular that an annual Conference should print findings in its minutes npon matters which have to be con sidered and decided in the General Conference itself.' The Bevs. Messrs. Bath, Clarke, Wells, lane, Nolan, Morley, 'Woolnough, and Bavin, and Mem*. Campbell, Davies, James, and others having spoken, the amendment was lost. Subsequently the Bevs. W. Morley and B. Savin expressed tbeir regret that the resolution bad been presented in the particular form in whioh it had been published, and the question . yras allowed to drop. Fourth Dat.— May 14. After devotions it was announced that the Kev. J. Cope and Mr. Hitchcock, of Victoria, had airived, and they took tbeir seats in Con ference. The Bev. J. B. Stephenson presented an invimtkn to the Conference, on behalf of the committee of Prince Alfred College, to take some opportunity of visiting the college. The Conference favored the proposal, but could not, at that stage, fix a definite time for the visit. The consideration of Foreign Mission affairs was resumed. The Kev. W. BIorlei read the following recommendation from the New Zea land Conference, and moved its adoption, viz. : — '? That lhe General Conference take into con sideration the desirability of placing different parts of the mission field under the charge of tie several Annual Conference?, instead of all bticg under the direction of the New South Wales end Queensland Conference, as at present.' He said that the object of the New Zealand Oonferenoe in making this recommen dation was not to express any dissatisfaction with the adnjinifitratioa of the missions by the Kew South Wales and Queensland Conference, or any opinion that under the proposed mttbed they cocld be better managed. Their sole thought in the case was in regard to fiLauce. It was believed that, by placing various portions of the mission Work uuder the several Conferences, tbe interest in missions wonia be iccreaeed, and the result would be an enlarged income. Last year the expenditure had exceeded the income by £3,377. The exchequer of the Missionary Society in England, they all knew, was in an em barrateed ooodition, and the secretaries had written, making a proposal that the Australasian Church should en certain conditions under take the entire expense of these missions, and no representations of theirs were likely to induce the home authorities to recede f rem that proposal. It was necessary therefore to increase the income. He believed that they had strength enough to support these missions if only proper interest was sustained in them. The Presby terian Church conducted their New Hebrides mission in a similar way, placing certain stations in the special charge of their church in each colony, and so creating a special interest in the work and welfare of such stations. He thought the Wesleyan Church might advan tageously adopt such a method. The Bev. H. Erii seconded the resolution, which was lost. TheGENEBAL Sechetaey (Kev. B. Ohapman) stated that the next business would be to can eider the relation of the Australasian Missionary Society to the parent society in England and tbe London committee. On this subject the fol lowing letter from the late Dr. Punshon had been received : — Wesleyan Mission House, London, September 18, 1879. The Bev. Benjamin Chapman. Dear Brother — It is now my duty to bring before you as General Secretary of the Australasian Missionary Society certain propositions of the committee of the Wesleyan Missionary Society, aad certain resolutions of the British Conference, held in Birmingham in July and August of this year, regarding the matters between us and the Con ference of Australasia and ita Missionary Board, upon which there has already been correspond ence between you and us. Tour letters, in reply to former communications and the resolu tions of the Missionary Board ot Australasia were duly laid before our committee and re spectfully considered, and the resolutions which I now forward were arrived at, after an anxious End full discussion of the whole subject at several meetings of the committee. You will see that they express the deliberate judgment of the committee (which the Oonferenoe has en dorsed.) that the time has arrived when they can no longer in justice to themselves, and to the claims of the heathen world, and in view of the very great financial pressure upon the funds which are entrusted to them, consent to be re sponsible for the deficiencies of the missions under the care of the Australasian Conference. Ton will not, I apprehend, be surprised at this decision, and the committee hope they may calculate upon the good feeling and generosity of the ministers and friends in Australasia to carry it out in the same spirit of hearty co operation as has always been manifested in the relations between us, and without the slightest interruption to that harmony of feeling and brotherly interest in our respective spheres of work which we sincerely feel and express towards you, and which have been substantially manifested for the past twenty-five years. There are many reasons upon which it is not necesaary to enlarge in detail, which seem to the com mittee not only to justify, but in some sort, to necessitate their action at the present time. Some of these reasons may be briefly stated. i. The history of the original arrangement, and the fact that it has continued undisturbed for a much longer period than was contemplated at the time. n. The inconvenience of continued respon sibility in any case, and by any body of men, which iB variable in amount and therefore which they cannot estimate, and whioh is in curred by others, over which therefore they have no control. in. The necessary restriction of the society's operations and diversion of the society's funds from new and promising spheres in heathen countries which the prolongation of such claim involves. Tv. The conviction of the committee that there are resources in the colonial churches never yetcalled into action, and which are never likely to be called into action but by a sense of direct and ultimate responsibility. v. The pressure, unexampled in its long dura tion, upon the society's funds, which has resulted in a serious embarrassment, and whioh to all human seeming can be lifted only by a retrench ment all along the linn. Other reasons might be added, but these will suffice, and your accounts just received, with the enormous deficiency with which we are charged coming npon us at a time when we know not where to turn, would be a weighty argument in itself, if there were no other, for announcing a determination whioh, however reluctantly made, we must ask you to regard as final. The resolutions of the committee passed at a Conference, the Bev. Dr. Bigg, in the chair, are to the following effect. ' 1. That having regard to the present em barrassed financial condition of this society ; considering that the undertaking by this society to pay the deficiencies on the New Zealand and Polynesian missions of the Australasian Con ference was stated at the time when it was given to fee only for a time, and that our people in Australasia engaged to take upon themselves the obligation of ultimately providing for the entire maintenance of these missions; remember ing that it is now twenty-five years since this arrangement was made ; and believing farther that the Methodist Church in Australasia is now well able to take the whole financial responei bility of its missions, in the judgment of this committee the time has arrived when all pay ments by this committee on behalf of the missions carried on by the Australasian Oon fetenee should terminate, and that immediate steps should be taken with a view to the termina tion of them at the earliest period practicable. '2. That the Conference be requested to direct that ' a correspondence be opened to that end.' '3. Besolvedthat correspondence be opened with the secretary of the Australasian Mission ary Society, and that he be informed — '(I) That the expenses incurred by the outfit and passage of missionaries to Australia must be borne entirely by the Australasian Conference, and that in future remittances to meet these expenses be forwarded or guaranteed. '(2) That in the opinion of this committee the time bae arrived when the Australasian Con ference should be prepared to deal with the ex penses incurred in the college training of the men sent out. ' The Oonferenoe adopts the following resolu tion of tbe general committee, which proposes that its financial obligation to the Australasian Conference should terminate, and directs that a correspondence be opened with the Oonferenoe to secure that object :— That, having regard to the present embarrassed finanoial condition of the society ; considering that the undertaking by this society to pay the deficiencies in the Kew Zealand and Polynesian missions of the Australasian Conference was stated at the time when it was given to be only f or ' a time,' and 'that our people is Australasia' engaged to take upon themselves tbe obligation of ' ulti mately providing for the entire maintenance of tbese missions;' remembering that it is now twenty-five years since this arrangement was made; and believing, further, that the Metho dist Church in Australasia is now well able to take the financial responsibility of its missions, in the judgment of the committee the time has arrived when all payments of this committee on behalf of tbe missions carried on by the Austral asian Conference should terminate; and that immediate steps should be takes with a view to the termination of them at the earliest period practicable.1' It iB not the desire of the committee to throw your affairs into embarrassment bynndue haste. They bave therefore passed the following further resolution: — ' That in ths opinion of this committee pay ments on account of the deficiencies in the missions under the care of the Australasian Con ference may be continued until the next Gene ral Australasian Conference of 188L after whioh a grant of £1,506 should be made for the first year, and a further grant of £750 for the year following, when all payments should cease.' With kind regards, believe me, Yours very sincerely, Wx. Uoblht PmxsHOK. The New South Wales and Queensland Oon f ereoce had forwarded to the General Oonferenoe the following resolutions concerning the subject of this letter:— 'I. This Oonferenoe fully sympathises with the parent society in England in the pressure of its finanoial difficulties, and feels that there is herein an argument for greater effort on our part, with a view te relieve the home committee of a measure of the burden that embarrasses its operations. 2. The Confer ence, however, doos not see its way to recom mend the General Oonferenoe to accept the sole responsibility ol supporting the missions under ita care fer the following reasons : — (i.) The pro cariousness of that portion of oar income, deriv able from mission districts, arising out of the damage frequently caused by hurricanes to the coooanut trees, which are the chief source whence the people derive tbe means of contribut ing to the Missionary Society's funds, (IE.) The present unsettled state of things in the Friendly Islands district, whioh has so reduoed our re venue therefrom as to cast the entire support of tbe European department of the work upon this society ; in addition to which it has ia created our difficulties, by imposing upon us for tbe present other financial burdens, which the district should have borne, (in.) The coat and tie requirements of the extensive and very suc cessful work in connection with the new mis sion, and further the increased expense of the mission to the Chinese in Victoria, arising from the employment of a European missionary, for which tbe sanction of the home committee was given years ago.' The Victoria and Tasmania Conference recom mended : — ' 1. That considering tile uncertainty of the amount of the contributions from our societies in the mission-field towards the mission funds, varying si it does from £4,000 to £7,000, and the continual pressure incident to sustain ing our home work in the colonies, the Confer ence does not see how we could grapple with a probable deficiency of £3,000 which might oocur in any year ; such deficiency caused not by the unwillingness of our people in the colonies or on our mission stations, but by hurrioanes and droughts. The Conference therefore believes that it would be highly inexpedient to under take the cole responsibility of our foreign missions ; nevertheless, the Oonferenoe will con tinue to nee its best endeavors to raise as large an amount ef income as possible year by year. S. The Conference being fully aware of the financial embarrassment of the parent society, and allowing that the time which has expired since the compact was formed is sufficiently long to warrant a careful review of the relations whioh exist between the two societies, would deprecate the setting aside of the agreement by the parent society until the Australasian General Conference can see its way to efficiently maintain and provide for the wants of our mis sion churches. 3. That in consideration of the charged circumstances in the iocomeand expen diture of both societies, the Conference would suggest tbat the General Oonferenoe review the state of the missions under its care, with tbe object of co adjusting the work that as soon as possible the average expenditure should be brought within the average income of the society. 5\. That in view of the fact that the Chinese in Victoria, after their conversion to Christianity, are usually anxious to leave as soon as possible for China to tell their friends what great things the Lord hath done for them, and that already upwards of 240 cod verted Chinese have left our church and shores fer China, and that the testi mony of missionaries and others about the use fulness of these converts to our church in O aina is most satisfactory, would point out the desira bility of maintaining this mission in fair efficiency by continuing such help as our society here may.need for the purpose.' The Bev. T. tLOTD moved — 'That this Con ference cordially accepts tbe generous proposal cf the home committee to take the responsibility of tbe missions under our care on the terms and at tbe time proposed.' The Ber. F. Tait seconded the motios, and expressed the convic tion that the Australian colonies were quite able to sustain these missions, and that they ought to relieve tbe parent society. Mr. James opposed the resolution. The London committeeapproved the formation of the new mission to New Britain, and made capital ont of its good management and success, so they were directly benefited by it, and it was only right they should bear some of the financial responsibility. The position of the church in these colonies was peculiar, and the work was in fact mission work. The income for the islands' mission was precarious; and he thought would in future be scarcely equal to what it had been in the past. The home com mittee should continue their assistance at least till next General Conference. By that time the Australasian church might, perhaps, be pre pared to accept the entire responsibility. Mr. Baddenbttbt supported the motion on the ground that the Lord's work was entrusted to them, and instead of looking to the Lord to enable them to carry it out they had been look ing to England. In the Apostolic times the church was not so careful as we are to have the means in hand before work was entered upon, and he thought they might trust God to sustain them if they did His work. The Eev. W. L. Blambbs approved of what Mr. Baddenbury bad said as to the; duty of trust ; but . he also believed they were to exercise prudence, and these two, trust and prudence, should go together. He thought they ought to make a definite reply to the London committee, and as far as was prudent assist them in their present position. He moved as an amendment — ' That this Conference regrets that it cannot see its way to accept the proposition 'of the English Mission Committee (as notified in Dr. Punshoh's letter), but as evidence that it derates as much as prac ticable te relieve the British Foreign Missitn fund it offers the following terms: — The English Mission funds to grant £1,500 for the year 1881 to tbe Australasian committee's funds, which contribution shall afterwards be reduced £250 per year till it altogether cease. The Bev. J. Cope seconded the motion. Mr. John reminded tbe Confeienoe that what was proposed involved serious responsibility. Whatever they did the compact with the London committee should be clearly specified and understood. The Bev. G. Bbown doubted if the best means of increasing the income of their Missionary Society had been adopted. He did not think they had done then- best. If the juvenile branches of the society were encouraged, and the young people got to work more systemati cally, there would be a large increaseof income. At the same time it was only fair to remark that the expenditure had not reached its limits. In the islands, where they had lately established the new mission there were thousands and thousands of natives in all directions without the truth. He had visited islands where there was a vast population entirely unprovided with the preaching of Christ. Two elements in toe case must be kept in mind, viz , that the limits both of expenditure and income had not yet been reached. He thought we ought to accept the responsibility. He was in favor of making a definite offer to the committee in London. He believed that with some effort tbe necessary amount could be raised in Australasia without falling back upon England. There was sufficient Methodist love among tbe people for the support of Methodist institutions. The Bev. J. Watsfobd agreed with Mr. Brown that they were not doing all they csnld and ought to do. Bui; should they do so if they took these missions ? He thought they would do no better because a burden was upon them. Their own work in thesa colonies web very great, and was really mission work. It was as heavy as they could bear — at least he spoke as far as Viotoria was concerned. New 8outh Wales and South Australia might be in a better position, but in Victoria they were very greatly pressed, and many of their circuits had great difficulties. He thought they ought to hold to the original compact, that the English sooiety ought to supply any defi ciency in their missionary income until they were fairly in a position to sustain them with out undue pressure. Mr. Hardy was sure the income might be greatly increased were syste matic methods adopted. Their Sunday-schools could greatly assist In this matter. In the Bourke-street (Sydney) cirouit they had adopted systematic collecting for the missions in connection with their schools, and their three principal schools now raised £220, £30 and £60 respectively per annum. Toe Bev. W. Quick thought it was mere justice that they should endeavor to get the London committee's point of view on this question. When they remembered the magnitude of the missions under the care of that committee, and the serious financial difficulties which had for some time been pressing upon them, their sym pathy ought to be given. He was not surprised that the home committee urged the Australasian church to undertake the missions in the South Seas. On the other hand it was natural that they (the Australasian church) Bheuld hang back from the financial responsibility. The initiation of their independence must come from the London committee, as they were not likely to initiate it themselves. It ought to be Initiated. At the same time there were difficulties in the way. If the result were the accumulation of a large debt it wonld be very difficult for them to cope with it. The home committee should let them down easily, aad they ought to consent to be eo let down. He thought they might ascertain tbe average amount per year given by the home committee, and offer to accept that amount, decreasing by £500 a year. He would be prepared to move an amendment to that effect. The Bev. W. L. Blamtbes moved as an cmendmefit to the original motion : — ' That this Conference regrets that it cannot see its way to accept the proposition of the Bngliah mission committee (as notified by Or. Punshou's letter), but as evidence that it desires as much as prac ticable to relieve the mission fund at home it offers the following terms:— The English mission committee to grant £1,500 for tbe year Ic81 to the Australasian committee'^ fund, whioh contribution shall afterwards be reduoed £250 per year till it altogether cease.' The Bev. J. Cope seconded. He agreed with the views expressed by Mr. Quick, and the principle of the amendment accorded with those views. Mr. Holdeh thought they ought to take the re sponsibility of sustaining these missions, and that if they made proper efforts they would be quite able to raise the money. The Bey. J. H. Fletcher gave notice of amendment, in case Mr. Blamires' amendment were lost, to the effect that they sympathised with the London committee, and admitted that they ought to sustain the South Sea Missions, but pleaded earnestly against this being insisted upon at once, and agreed eventually to provide their entire support, and that it was merely a question of time. At a later stage when thisamendment was called for Mr. Fletcher was absent, and the amendment was consequently dropped. Mr. Beiggs said it was undesirable to throw off connection with the English committee. The aggregate amounta already granted were alter aU cot so very large ; but should a collapse come it would involve them in very grave difficulties. They should do their utmost to sustain their missions, but it would not be wisa to relinquish their hold on the home committee. Mr. S. G. Ktko saw no hope of increase of funds in Vic toria at present. He agreed with sentiments expressed during the debate as to trust in God ; but children might cling to their mothers until they could walk alone, and he thought that | the church in these colonies was justified in clinging to tbe mother cbnroh in Kogland for help in these missions. He gave notice of amendment— ' That between this and the next General Conference we will do our best to in crease our missionary inoome, and thus relieve the funds of the parent sooiety ; but that iu view of the necessities of the colonial work aad the probable claims of the unoccupied heathen lands around us, together with the precarious ness of the income from the present mission distriots, we cannot at present take the respon sibility of relieving the parent society from its existicg agreement.' Mr. Bobsoh sym- j pathised with the London committee, but | also with home mission work iu these colonies. In New South Wales new work was opening up before them, and they would not be able with the additional demands at home to much increase tbeir gifts for the foreign work. Tbe missions in Fiji and Samoa ought to be ccme self-supporting. Mr. Babkeb urged that they should either say yes or no to the proposi tion contained in Dr. Ponshon's letter ; and in view of the ordinary deficiency and the pro bable increase of expenditure he did not think they could say yes. The Bev. W. L BiXKa would advocate that the home committee should keep their compact. It was no part of the original constitution tbat [the Austral asian Conference should bear the entire charges of tbe missions. He warned the Conference against incurring the respon sibility. The difficult; of raising increased ircome for foreign missions would ba specially felt in poor circuits. The Bev. G. Daniel thought the time was come to assert our independence, and that the London committee intended we should. He waB sanguine enough to believe that they had resources available to meet the case. The General Secret aey (Bev. B. Chapman) gave statistics showing that during tbe last teD years the cost of their missions had been £142,959. Of this amount the colonies had raised £69,055, or £6,905 a year; the mission I districts had raised £39,535, or £5,953 a year; j and tbe committee in London had given ; £14,369, or £1,365 a year. So tbat the home committee had only borne one-ninth , of the cost during the last ten years, j The separate amounts for each year raised in : the missions were :— For 1870 £5,271, for 1871 £6,916, for 1872 £8,005, for 1873 £6.181, for 1874 £6,867. for 1875 £7,373, for 1876 £8;83S,for 1877 £3,883, for 1878 £4,36*. aad for 1879 £3,837. The net oost of the ' Wesley ' mission ship for the past five years was: — In 1875 £1,339, in 1876 £1,014, in 1877 £295, in 1878 £436, and in 1879 £1,330. The sums received from tbe committee in London during the tea years were:— 1870 £2,359. 1871 £145, 1875 £1,000. 1876 £458, 1877 £3,404, 1878 £3,632, and 1879 £3,377. In 1874 they received nothing from that committee, and in 1872 and 1873 they banded over to the committee £666 and £1,052 respectively. The de bate was continued by Messrs. Moxham, Vasey, Crawshaw, Barrett, Hunt, and Ham, and the Bevs. Messrs. Langham, Woolnough, Bickford, Symons, and Wells. The motion of the Bev. T. Lloyd was lost in favor of the amendment of the Bev. W. L. Blamires, which now became the substantive motion. Mr. S. G. King moved tbe amendment of which he had given notice, and this was carried against the resolution of the Bev. W, L. Blamires. The Bev. W. Moelet then meved as an amendment on Mr. King's resolution, ' That this Conference requests the Missionary Society in England to grant £1,000 per annum for the next three years, instead of the amounts proposed in the late Dr. Funshon's letter ; and after that time will accept the responsibility of the support ot the missions.' This amendment was carried ; and the Bev. W. H. Fitchett indicated a fur ther amendment, when, on the motion of the Secretary, the Conference adjourned. Fifth Dat : Monday May 16. The Conference reassembled at 11 o'clock on Monday morning, several committees having met earlier in the day. After devotions tbe daily record for Saturday was read. An invita tion was presented from the Young Men's Christian Association to the members of the Conference to make use of tbeir roams and library doting the stay of the Conference in Adelaide. The following letter from the Congregational Union of N.S.W. was read to the Conference by the secretary and received : — ' Burwood, Sydney,9Ui May, 1SS1. To the Wesleyan Conference, Assembling in Adelaide. Dear Brethren — We, as Secretaries of the Congregational Union of New South WaleB, are instructed to convey to you expressions of the deep sympathy felt by all our churches in Kew South Wales with your Conference now assembling, at the sad loss you have sustained through the melan choly disaster of the wreck of the Tararua on tbe coast of New Zealand. While otters may speculate en the human cauee of this deplorable loss of life, we trust we can see behind it that the Lord reigneth, and take comfort in the thought that it has been permitted for His own wise purposes. ' May we all learn the lesson suggested of the uncertainty of life, aad the need of working diligently while life is spared. ' We remain in Christian sympathy, ' Tours sincerely, 'On behalf of the Congregational Union N.S.W., 'G. G. Howden, ) ,.„„ o_-0 » 'Bandolph Nott.J Eon-Sec8- The Conference ordered that a suitable reply be forwarded. The Bev. W. Moelet presented the following report concerning the Tararua disaster, and moved its adoption :—' .Report of the com mittee appointed to enquire into the circum stances of the five families bereaved by the Tararua disaster, and to recommend such mea sures as may be deemed desirable for meeting the necessities of those who are unprovided for. The committee have made careful enquiries, and with the information at their disposal are able to make the following statemeut,vwhich may be taken as substantially correct :— 1. Bev. Joseph Wateehocsb (Victoria). — Mr. Water house leaves a widow and seven unmarried children. The committee are grateful to find that Mrs. Waterhouse and family are ade quately provided for. 2. Bet. J. B. Bickibd sok (N.Z.).— Mr. Eichardson was a minister of 17 years standing. He leaves a widow and four little children nnprovided for. It is believed his life was insured, butonly for a small amount. 3\. Key. J.'Abmitagb {N.Z.). — Mr. Armitage was received into the ministry seven years since. He leaves a widow and eight children, whose ages range from about nineteen years to seven years, none of whom are on the children's fund. Mr. Armitage was most likely insured for the small amount of £500. He had no means of support other than his ministerial inoome. 4. Ms. B. Cokkail(N.Z,). — This gentleman wasawidower, who leaves an only son, 20 years of age, a B.A.. of the New Zealand University, who is jost com pletiBg his curriculum of study for the M.A. degree. It is believed this son is provided for. Mb. E. Mitchell (N.Z.) leaves a widow and one child, who is married. He had retired from his profession as a teaoher on a competency. .Recommendations. — That immediate steps be taken to afford relief to the widows and families of the Bevs. J. B. Eiohardson and J. Armitage (1) By opening a subscription list at once in this Conference. (2). By issuing subscription lists in each of the colonies as this Conference may direct. (3). This General Conference to direct the treasurers of tbe supernumerary fund to pay tbe sum of £10. per annum to each child of Mrs. Bichardson and Mrs. Armitage until they reach tbe age of sixteen years. Also, that the widow of Mr. Biohardson receive the allowance due to the widow of a minister of 30 years' standing, and Mrs. Armi tage the allowance due to the widow of a minister of 20 years standing. 2. Tbat this Conference appoint two general treasurers for the fund to be created, the New Zetland Oon ference to be requested to undertake its distri bution and management. Signed — John Colton, Chairman; Batnsfoed Bavin, Secre tary.' The Bev. J. Cope moved that the con sideration of the clause of the report referring to tbe supernumerary ministers' fund be postponed till after the affairs of that fund had been under review. Mr. Eaddesbdet opposed the motion, not because be was out of sympathy with the object, but because he did not approve of tbe method proposed to be adopted. The Confe rence met for the transaction of business, and he thought it would interfere with the oomCort and popularity of Conference if its members found that they were subjected to ap peals of one kind and another for money. He was desirous that cases requiring assistance should be promptly and effectively relieved, bat thought it was undesirable that the Conference as a Conference should be appealed ta. No doubt its members would contribute personally to any fund started if a good case were made out. Mr. Waterhouse bad made provision for his family, and he (Mr. BaddenbHryJ was not sure that there was necessity for suoh an exten sive movement as was recommended. Dr. Kelvnack hoped, in consideration of the feel ings of those connected with their lost brethren, that the discussion would not be continued. The cases reported pleaded powerfully for their sympathy. They owed a duty to the widows and orphans. There were men waiting for an opportunity of affording them relief, and he hoped that by their hesitancy they wouldnot pre vent the generosity of these from flowing as balm to tbe bleeding heart. Mr. Jas. Scotp thought the thing should be done, and that they should proceed with it instanter. The Bev. Gbo. Bbowm asked if It were intended that the . fund should be confined to tbe relief of the mem- - beis mentioned in tbe report, or that it should b»~ for the sufferers generally, Mr. Cbouch f eat^ji .- there might not be much sympathy withJaaL; .movement in some ot the districts xemot»9ptK' She scene of the disaster. Mr. S. Q. Eura^ai&c; they should do this now or never. They should | not go in for a general fund, but to help their brethren. The Bev. Wm. Moblry was willing te allow the portion of tbe resolution that re laUd to tbe supernumerary ministers' fund to stand over till that fund had been rertewed, bat thought the other portions of the scheme mignt be proceeded with at once. The Bev. S. Knight urged delay till after consideration of tbe supernumerary ministers' fund, on tbe ground tbat if it turned out that that fund was not available, many would contribute larger sains than tbey would if they supposed their gifts would be supplemented by tbe fund. It' they proceeded at once tbe large gifts and the aid from tbe fund might both be lost. Mr. Bbiggs thought that the peculiar manner of tbe death ot tbete brethren, and the fact that they were cut off in the midst of tbeir days, might be re garded as justifying tbe somewhat unusual cour&e; proposed, but be was not sure if the suggestion for au annual pay ment did not involve the raising ol a very large sum. The Eev. P. Watsford would be glad if the committee could indicate the amount that would be necessary to meet their proposal*. Mr. Ham wished to defend JIr. Baddenbury from being snppoeed to be illiberal. That whs not the spirit of tne remarks he had made. He (Mr. Ham) thought the present was a fitting opportunity for special measores of generosity. Mr. Habby pleaded that reliet should be liberally afforded, and that whit was done Bbould be doce at once. The Bev. F. B. Stethekson thought it would have been well if tbe committee had stated in their report the precise amount to which the bereaved families would be entitled from connexional f uada, and Mr. Baddenbury would not then have received ! the impiession under which his remarks showed he was laboring — that the families were pretty well provided for. The Bev. W. L. Binks thought tbey were beginning at the wrong end. Tbe question was, was tbe Old Preachers' Fund going to do anything ? The list should not be ooened till that was decided. The Hen. J. Colton was sorry he was not in when the sub ject was introduced, that he might, as chairman of the committee, have moved the adoption of tbe report. He thought the whole question had better be postponed for the present. Their action es to the proposal to grant a sum from the Wom- eut Freaohers' Fund would weigh with many. If that fund could not be touched some would give more largely. He hoped the report would eventually be adopted. Mr. Hitchcock agreed with Mr. Baddenbnrj's sentiments, and was sure that gentleman was not illiberal. The appeal should not be made personally to the Conference. The Bev. J. Cope's amendment was, by consent, altered so as to include the postponement of the whole question, and this amendment was carried. Mr. Cope then moved that the report be printed, and the Bev. F. Tait seconded. After a brief discussion the motion was with drawn. [After the dose of the session the Bev. W. Lee, ex-President of the New Zealand Con ference, arrived in Adelaide, and brought the information that the Bev. J. Armitage's life was not insured.] The adjourned debate on the relation of the Australasian Missionary 8ooiety to the parent Society in England was resumed. The Eev. W. H. Fitchrtt, B_A , submitted his amendment to the effect that the amount that the London Committee propose to give, viz, £1,500 for the present year, and £750 for next year, be ac cepted, and that the right to review the whole position in tbe next General Conference be te&ervcd.; He thought it was not seemly to haggle for £ a. d , therefore they should accept tbe amount offend. On the other hand he oon tended that it would be dishonest to blindly accept [a charge that they were not sure they cenld sustain. They were not paying their pre sent staff — their liabilities were not met. They should not be generous before they were just; to be so was bad morality. *In three years they had gone behind hand to the amount of £1,000. To accept the London committee's proposal in volved either starvieg their home work or abridging their foreign work. What work or trust God put upon them they might be sure God would help them to accomplish ; but to assume these responsibilities without very clear proof that they were imposed by Him was not consistent with Christian prudence. It had been argued that they would be relieved by the fact that Tonga had been made a separate district ; but tbat did not necessarily relieve them at all, as tbey wonld have te stand by Tonga if it could not carry out its intention of supporting its work. In three years they would know more about this, and then they might accept the entire charge of the missions if they were able. The Bev. J. A. Nolan seconded the amend ment. He gave all honor to the generous sen timents expressed by many speakers, but thought they should exercise prudence as well as faith. The Conference was scarcely as re presentative as he should like it to be, as most of its members came from the larger and wealthier circuits, and the smaller and pocrer ones were scarcely rapresected. The poorer circuits were doing more in propor tion to their means and numbers than the wealthier ones. At home they had va»t numbers to wotk upon, and the population of Victoria or New South Wales was oaly about equal to a city like Manchester. He thought they would not much increase the income of their missionary society, do what they would. Mr. Paekhe wished to give his voice in favor of the amendment. They should not take this whole responsibility. Tbey were themselves a part of the mission field only a few years hence. Considering their means and claims and population he thought they would be onwiee to accept the charge of the missions without an opportunity to review the situation three years ago. Mr. Vasey was in favor of the amendment. The Bev. F. E. Stepeekeon thought Mr. Fitchetf s amendment went on a falsa assumption that the home com mittee were obliged by their compact to con tinue to supply the deficiencies of the Austral asian Missionary Society. Help had been rendered for twenty-five years, and surely that was a reasonable time in which to prepare them to accept the responsibility and cost of these missions. Further, they had entered upon new enterprises, and he held that by that fact the London committee was released from its com pact. Any appeal tbey made to the committee should be on the basis of grace, not of compact. He was not sanguine about an increase of the mission funds in the colonies. Dr. Kelynack did not go with the amendment, though he agreed with the spirit of it. It was too general. They should submit something definite. They looked at the question too ex clusively from their own view-point. They ought 1o ask tbeir conscience — could they take these missions? He believed they oould. The Hon. J. Oolton thought they ought to make a considerable reduction in their expenditure. If they continued to hang on to the London Com mittee they would not look at that view of the case, as they would think whatever deficiency was brought about by their expenditure would be made up by that committee. He was also iu favour of increasing the income by more syste matic organization. The acceptance of the charge of these missions only involved an average of £1,400 a year more than they were raising; and if they undertook this there were many who would give more. They were not prepared to say they could not raise .£1,400 a year more. The compact was that they were to take the cost of the mission when they were able ; and, notwithstanding their other respon sibilities, he thought they were able. The Bkt. S. Knight said if he could neutralize the effect of the last two speakers he should be glad. If they accepted this cost and failed the adverse result wonld not fall upon them but on the mis sions. Let them adopt tbe amendment and leave themselves a last appeal. If they sue oeedsd they would have a magnificent opportunity to relieve the London Committee ; if they failed, still they had advanced a stage, and he thought that even in these fast going times it was not well to go too fast. The Conference adjourned at a quarter to 1 o'clock, and on reassembling at 2 rosamed the question. The Bev. W. P. Wells argued that the amendment was a ground on which the two parties in this question could unite. During the last ten years they had received £10,060 from tbe home committee, and by this proposal tbey would only receive £2,000, so that the home committee wonld save £8,000 by the ar rangement. The Bev. J. Bicktobd said that they might fairly regard Tonga as provided for, and tbey ought not to go on the assumption that their demand on the home fund wonld be the same tbe next three years as it had been the last three. The Bevs. J. Watsfobd, G. Wool jtotgh, B. Seixoks, T. Lloyd, and Messrs. Hckt, Hitchcock, Leabmonth, and Obouch also spoke, and the amendment on being put was declared carried. Dr. Kultkack. then in troduced an amendment to the effect that £3,000 be accepted from tbe London committee as a final grant during the next threeyears, provided that that committee would indemnify them from loss in case toe Tonga, district arrangement should prove a failure. This was ruled out of order, inasmuch as it had been given notice of in tbe event of the amendment being lost, and the amendment had been carried. ~ The Bev. J. B. Waterhouse moved that cer tain alterations be made in tbe mode of con ducting tbe business of the executive oommit - tee. The Bev. B. Ohapmak seconded the motion, not because he thought it necessary, but lest he should be supposed to oppose use ul suggestions. The Hon. J. Colton thought Mr. Waterbonse might better accomplish his end by bringing the matter up in the executive com mittee, of which he was a member. The motion was withdrawn. Tbe Bev. G. Daniel, President of the Viotoria and Tasmanian Conference, moved the adoption of the following resolution from that Confer ence :—' That this Conference recommends to the General Conference that an alteration be made in tbe law that requires Annual Con ferences to provide for such returned married mit sionariea as may have been furnished by the , .said Conferences, as this Conference is utterly : unable to provide for the earne.' i Tbe Bev. B. Chapman agreed with the t recommeEdation, and proposed that in future ^returned missionaries beappointed to theseversl ' Conferences in the following proportion: — Of . sU musionaries two to New South Wales and Queensland Conference, two to Victoria and Tasmania Conference, and one each to South Australia and New Zealand Conferences. The Bev. G. Beown thought some consideration ought to be given to the wishes of brethren who had been laboring in the mission field for many years. The Bev. W. P. Wells thought inter changes to meet such wishes could easily be effected. The Bev. B. Sellobs pointed out tbat the regulation of last General Conference anticipated some new arraaga ment by this conference. The Bev. Wm. DIoulev doubted if the proposed alteration would work smoothly. Tne ftov. S. Knight moved as an amendment the adoption of the resolution of last General Conference with an alteration of the date 1881 to 1864, thus:— ' That until the General Conference of 1834 auy missionary who may return from tbe islands and require a circuit shall go to the colony from which he came out.' Tbe Bev. J. B. Stefitensok seconded the amendment. The Bevs. W. Clarke, F. E. Stephenson, J. Bickford, J. Watsford. G. Brown, and J. A. Nolan, and Messrs. James and Dr.vieB having spoken, the amendment was put and lost. Tbe Bev. J. B. Stephejjsojs-, president of the . South Australian Conference, moved the adop tion of the recommendation of tbat Conference respecting the Northern Territory mission: — ' This Conference recommends the General Conference to transfer the Northern Territory mUsion from the South Australian Conference to the New South Wales Conference, to be conducted under its Board of Missions.' The cost of the mission had been considerable ; it was much nearer Sydney than Adelaide, and could be better woiked from there ; and it ought to be a basis of operations for work among tbe Chinese, which the South Australian Con ference could cot carry out. Mr. Cbouch seconded the motion. The Bev. H. I. Burgess, asd B.M. Hunter, and the Hon. J. Oolton, sup ported ; and tbe Bev. G. Wooluough, Dr. Kely nack, and B. Sellors opposed it. The resolution was lost. The Bev. G.Woolnotch read a letter from Captain Mansell, late of the mission ship John Wesley, asking for a financial vote in considera tion of his long services. The Bev. B. Chapman moved, and the Hon. J. Coltok seconded — ' Thet tbe Bum ef £100 be paid to Captain Man sell in recognition of his services as the master of tbe Jobn Wesley, as reoommended by the Board of Missions.' Carried. The Bev. J. B. Sthfhehsun moved the adop tion of the recommendation of the South Aus tralian Conference in case of a claim presented by the Bev. D. S. Wylie, which was as follows : — ' The Conference having heard the finding of the Committee appointed to consider the oase as between Brother D. S. Wylie and the Execu tive Committee of our Missions, adopts the fol lowing report: — That the Committee, having heard the main facts of the oase, as between the Bev.D. S. Wjlie and the Rxecutive Committee of our Missions, in re the extra expenses of his return from Levnka to Sydney by steamer and not by the John Wesley, amounting to about £40, strongly sympathizes with Mr. Wylie in tbe painful circumstances in which he was placed at Levuka,and favorably reoommends his claim to the consideration of the General Conference.' The resolution having been fully discussed, was lost, as was also as amendment by Mr. Campbell, to refer the subject to a committee. The Bev. B. Ohapmak moved that the prac tice ot publishing ' missionary notices ' be re sumed, but subsequently withdrew the motion, and gave notice that he would introduce it at a later stage. On the motion of the Bev. W. P. Wells it was resolved— 'That thiB Conference directs tbe board of missions to communicate with ths annual conferences which bave not raised funds for tbe purohase of the John Hunt, placing tbe case before those conferences, and requests them to contribute to the John Hunt Fund.' A letter -having been read from the Bev. J. Hoy Ling offering to engage in mission work among the Chinese in Singapore or elsewhere, it was resolved on the motion of Mr. Campbell, tbat whilst acknowledging the spirit of the Bev. James Mov Ling's letter, this Conference does not deem it advisable to open up a mission at Singapore ; the Bev. James Bickford to draw up a suitable reply to Mr. Moy Ling. The following gentlemen were appointed as the Board of Missions for the next triennial term, viz.:— Bev. G. Woolnough, M.A., presi dent ; Bev. F. Firth, secretary ; Bevs. J. Watkin, S. Wilkinson, G. Hurst, J. B. Waterhouse, J. H. Fletcher, J. Orara, William Moore, W. Clarke, W. Onmow, W. Kelynack, D.D., G. Martin, J. A Nolan, George Lane, John Gardner, and W. J. Davis, with Dr. Moflit and Messrs. G. W. Barker, T. P. Beeve, P. P. Fletcher, W. B. Haigb, W. Henson, M.L.A.,Peter Miller, George Bead, S. B. Dowsett, J. Golledge, J. Hardy, G. Crawshaw, B. James, jun., S. B. Lees, W. H. McOlelland, H. Pain, B. Hogben, aad B. O. Barker. The president and secretary of the New South Wales and Queensland Conference, the superin tendents of the Sydney, Ashfield and Farra rnatta Circuits, with the Bevs. J. Watkin, H. H. Gaud, S. Wilkinion, G. Hurst, J. H. Fletcher, and tbe general secretary of missions were appointed a Committee of Discipline for tbe next three years. The thanks of the Conference were presented to the general treasurers and the general sec retary (Bev. B. Chapman), and they were re appointed. Sixth Day: Tuesday, Mat 17. It was announced that the Bevs. W. Lee, W. Williams, and Mr. Henson, UL.A, had arrived, and tbey were welcomed to the Conference. The report of the committee on the order of business was presented and received. The Bev. John Watsfobd said he wished to refer to what had been.commonly spoken of as ' the New Britain affair,' whioh took place in September, 1878. He had felt more than he could exprees in this matter, but he must do what he regarded as a solemn duty. The particulars of the case were well known and he need not repeat them. He had endeavored to express his. views in his own annual conference, but he had not been heard. No man in the Conference had greater respect for the Bev. George Brown than be had. Be valued him as highly as any man who had ever gone into the mission field. He was also trader great personal obligation to Mr. Brown, as it was in all human probability to his care and skill that his daughter owed her life. It would therefore be understood that he would speak in reference to any disapproval of Mr. Brown's action with peculiarly painful feelings. Be need only remind them that in 1878 one of tbe teachers who was under Mr. Brown'a direc tion in the new mission was craeliy murdered, tbe lives of others of. the mission party were in pern, and subsequently a number of the natives were killed. He was himself au old missionary — he knew what danger was — and he might here cay he was not opposed to a mis sionary acting in self-defence, or the defence of his family. He bad been asked hotr he would have acted had his own life and that of his wife and children been in danger. He oould not say; but if he should under those oircum stances have acted as Mr. Broivn did, that did not make Mr. Brown's action right. He did not think Mr. Brown infallible, and on this matter he differed from him. He wanted to -say, even if he stood alone in tbe opinion, that in his judgment tbe course pursued wss a mistake, and he hoped such a mistake would never be repeated. He did not wish to move any resolution, but to clear his own conscience, and having said this he had done. The Bev. G. Beown was not anxious to address the Conference unless desired to do so, but he wished for direction as to tbe will of the Conference. The Bev. G. Woolnough said it was not a question between Mr. Watsford and Mr. Brown, but between Mr. Brown and the New South Wales Oonferenoe, and he did sot think any one ought to try to come over the head of tbeir «Tmnni conference. The Eev. W. H. Fctchbtt thought it would not be right to let the matter pass now. Mr. Brown had been before a hundred tribunals. Every newspaper had constituted ifeelf a judge in the case. He thought Mr. Bre»n had a right to ask the Conference for an expieesion of its views ; and the case had now gene so far thai the Conference ought either to censure or approve his action. Tbe Bev. G. EaOTTS, said he now thought it right tbat he should know whether he had the confidence of the Conference or not. He had been content quietly to suffer, and perhaps had not Eaid enough in defence of the coarse he pursued. The Bev. B. Ohapman read the minute cf the Executive Committee on the subject, in which sympathy was expressed with Mr. Brown, and regret that be bad not seen some other course open to him than tbat he pursued. The Bev. G. Woolnough rtad the following minute of the New South Wales Conference on the question : — 'That this Conference has heard with deepest regret the missionary secretary's acoount of the Blanche Bay massacre said the expedition whioh followed it, and hereby expresses its tenderest sympathy with the Bev. G. Brown in his great peril in that massacre* and his em barrassment in having to provide so suddenly end unaided adequate means for tbe safety of tbe mission part;. From the evidence now before us, and which we have carefully ex amined, it fully appears to us that in the judgment of the natives themselves Mr. Brown has administered justice without serkiDg revenge, and whilst we still cherish the utmost confidence in Mi. Brown as our agent in New Britain, we at tbe same time now solemnly affirm that we can never sanction the use of military measures in our missionary enterprises.' She Bev. W. Clabeb moved, and the Bev. G. Lame seconded the adoption of the N.8.W. minute. Mr. Davtbs asked how often Mr. Brown was to be tried. He had been before civil asd ecclesiastical courts, and it was neither in the interest ot missions or of Mr. Brown that the thing should be pursued farther. If Mr- Brown wished to address the Oonferenoe he should sot object, bat that gentleman should' not be put upon his trial. Several points of order having been, disposed of, the Hon. J. Oolton said as far as he understood tile facts he had always, been oJ opmSaa,«ud still was, that Mr. -Brown had ao'ed as ' a man, and he could not condet^n him. The BeV. F- E. Btephknson remarked! that Mr. Broivn *aid - his chaiacter was at stake, but he (StT Stepbenson) was sure they all had tbe utmost confidence in his oharacter The ques tion was not one of character but of policy Like Mr. Watsford he thought Mr. Brown made a mistake. He felt it difficult to criticise Mr. Brown. He was his personal friend, and they all regarded him as a Christian hero. He had initiated a noble enterprise, had endured per sonal and family suffering in carrying out that enterprise, had been successful in bis work to a good degree, and wa* popular amocg the people and themselves. It use dimcult to criticise such a man ; and same might think it presumptuous and unkind. ItB poctant Christian principles, however, were »t slake, and whatever construction might be put upon his motives, he should think it cowardly it he did not fpe«b. The character and repu tation of Mr. Brown were very dear to him, bat tLe character and reputation of the church were even dearer still. If Mr. Brown's action was cot leprobsted in that Conference it would be virtually approved, and the influence might be great uuon some future case. Mr. Stephenson briefly recapitulated the facts-of the case, mi eaid tbat the act of shootingdown some 80 natives could not be justified: and was nota policy to be pursued in the interests of the church or tbe miEPJOD. Tbe coaiEe was one of aggression and not of defence, and an aggressive policy was not a Christian policy. It was an injustice that these people were indiscriminately shot down. It w as a world ly policy ; and by the world it might be eaid it was a good thing to teach tbe natives a lesson. It might be goad worldly morality, bat it was not the morality of the Gospel. Ooald they imagine Paul or the Javiour adopting such a policy ? As a church they were employed ia spiritual work, and they ought to use spiritual weapons. He could not but think that this was in accord with the sad relations existing be tween the whites and the native races of these lands. In Tasmania, New South Wales, Queensland, and the South Seas, those relations had been and were of the saddest oharaoter. It was their duty to nse benevolent means for tbe happiness of these races, and not merely to preach tbe Gospel to them. He admired the Quakers for their high moral principle in such matters, and their church oughttoact upon such principle. He was ashamed of the atrocities committed upon these people, and if they passed over this case without condemnation, wtat would be the effect but to express approval of the atrocities he had referred to. Tears ago Bishop Patbsoo and Commodore Goodenough had been murdered by the islanders, but both of them had with djing breath insisted that there should be no retaliation. His feeling was not to con demn Mr. Brown, but to vindioate them selves. Mr. James thought it would sava time if Mr. Brown gave them a plain unvarnished statement of the case. The Bev. G. Beown, who was received with general applause, said be felt scarcely quiet enough to address the Conference. He was more excited just now than in New Britain when the events refened to took place. He would give a short account of the facts. He commended Mr. Watsford for the frank expression of his views. He waB quite aware that ho had laid himself open to criticism, and it was right that be should be criticised. Had he committed an error of judgment? Mr. Stephenson had said he had pursued a policy of retaliation, bat this he denied. A great many people had told him what he ought not to have done, but not one had told him what he ought to have done. It was easy to say he had done wrong, bat not so easy to say what was right. Another preliminary remark— After all they were not criticising the act of - novice in mission work. He had been at the time of this affair fourteen years in charge ef one of the most difficult missions. His manner of life from a boy was cot such as would lead him to be likely to commit a rash action. He bad as thorough an experience of native oharacter as perhaps any European missionary. He waB not generally suspected of taking too much caie of self or life, but the reverse. It was not the act of a man timid about his life. Those teachers were under his charge. He looked fairly at the whole case and did not underrate the difficulty. The New Britain mission he had founded in 1875\. At that time there was no white man there. Attempts had been made at settlement at Blanche Bay, bat the whites had been driven away. The districts were engaged in intertribal war ; each district was a law to itself and sepa rated from the others both in language and sympathy. He had gone there and to Yorke Island, and had established and maintained friendly relations with the people. He had visited the shores for ISO miles and seen tbe people, and never a weapon or threat had been pointed against them. He had been charged with pursuing an aggressive policy, but tbe mission patty had only two old fowling-pieoes and one revolver. They had not a rule nor ? a bslL That was not indicative of an aggressive policy. Attempts had already been made to decoy and murder some of the teachers, though they had happily been frustrated at the time of the massacre. Four teachers had gone on the bills behind Blanche Bay and had preached. They reported they had been well received, and were invited and determined to return. He (Mr. Brown) Bent presents by them to the chiefs aid promised himself to go, and when news came of the murder he had his boat aad box all ready to make a start. If some risk had not been incurred would the mission have become what it was ? The teachers went, slept one night at ths chief's house, went on next day and one of their number was treacherously murdered. lhe whole district was in a fearfully demoralised state; distinct threats were mads tbat his own life would be taken, and also the lives of the whole mission party. These things wete not matter of opinion, but of fact. Inves tigations had been made by Captain Purves and others, and the testimony completely oonfirmed what he siid. Had he arrived three hours later the whole party— the wives and children of the teachers — would have been murdered, or re served for a wane fate. He would admit one mistake— he bad given people credit for too much good sense. He never dreamed of being blamed. He had also taken more than his legi timate share of the responsibility for what had been done. The white men that were there came to him, and said the thing was spread ing. The natives had taken away the wife of the murdered teacher. He was urged to the defence of tbe party. It had been said he should have removed the mission party ; but they were in remoteplsces.andhad heattempted that some' doubtless would have been murdered. 'When news reaohed him from Sydney, the Bev. B. Chapman declared he thought no other coarse was open to him. But he himself had said — and now he thought this was a mistake— that possibly he might have removed the teacher*. He also wished to say frankly that he took a personal part in the expedition to punish the murderers. The fearful responsibility of the position bowed him down. The women and children looked to him for protection. Let them try to put themselves in his position. The native teachers had determined, unknown to him, to go and punish the murderers. Ha was asked by the whites to go. He asked teachers not to go, and forbade them, bat in vain. Traders supplied arms to the party, and they went up into the bills in pursuit. He did not know how many had been killed— there were only ten positively known to have been killed— bat ha thought probably there were more. When at first he had estimated the number at from 60 to 80, he had probably been misled by the boasting of the natives. Villagas had been burnt, but that was not a very serious matter there, as any of them coald be rebuilt in a couple of days. The women and children had been res cued ; and on the next day the chiefs and people met him end admitted the justice 'of what he had done, and that they were in the wrong. From that day to this the best relations had been established, and among these very people they bad their moBt successful mission. What ought he to bave done? The only alternative was to take care of himself and leave his people to their fate, and by doing that he would have deserved everlasting reprobation as a coward. The punishment had not been JT?di-|-T'fTiiTiit'-i In the huts of these people they found the bones ' ol then- murdered comrades. He had intended nothing but good, and if he had erred it was in judgment. He did not think he had, as auy other coufEe wonld have involved the loss cf the people and the abandonment of the mission. He had given himself and his best 5 eats to this mission work, and had not spared himself, and he had been justified again and again by every investigation that had been made. An earnest and lengthy discussion fol lowed, amendments being moved by the Bsva. J. A. Nolan, W. B. Fitchett, and H. Bull, the pur pose of whioh was to eliminate the sentiment in tbe last dense of the resolution. Bventually the original motion was carried. The president assured Mr. Brown of the love and confidence ol all the Conference, amid general cheers. Tbe minutes of the board of mission i wen then adopted. The Bev. B. I. Watktn asked tbe general secretary of missions to state the circumstances ' and lessons of the recall of the Bev. J. B. Watkin from Tonga. lhe Gbhbbal Sbcbbxaby made a lengthy statement, whioh was followed by s spirited debate, tbe points of whioh were of a ptrEOnal nature. The Bev. W. L. Boots moved the resolution of whioh he had given notice—' That this Con ference desires to place on record its sense of the long and Tamable service of Mr. Baker in the Tonga Mission, end entertains the hope that ' Mr. Baker in his present influential position wfll render valuable service to our important mn sihib in the Friendly Islands.' After ? brief discussion the resolution was withdrawn. The Bev. F. E. Sxefhsksoit, inaeeordanee with prerious notice, moved — ' That the executive committee of tbe foreign missions shall every third year prepare a report of it* management of the foreign missions under its charge; the lame, after being adopted by the Sew South Wales and Queensland Oonferano*. to be printed end forwarded to each member of tbe General Conference as early as possible, before its resslons.' Carried. . The Bev.'B. Ohapmam introduced Us resold* - Mil turn Jin favor of tbe publication of quarterly papers concerning mission affairs, whish -was carried. She Bev. W. P. Weixs, pursuant to noSce, proposed — 'That this Conference desires to ei jneu its etnae of the difficulties with which the board of minions have had to deal daring the past three years. The Conference would sho express its sympathy with the board in the eir vumstaEcea in which the; have been pliced, and its satisfaction at the results of the steps taken by the committee.' This was carried. The Bev. W. Mobxey (N.Z ), in the absenoe of tbe Kev. B. Bavin, who was away in conse quence of indisposition, moved: — 'Toat it is expedient to grant tbe request of the New Zealand -church as declared in the reoommenda lion of the Conference in that calony, and to make tbat Conference independent and self governing.' He was aware uf the responsibility of the cosine he ww taking. It affected Aus tralian and New Zealand Methodism present aiid fatnrc If tbe proposal were carried out it would involve burdens of finance and manage ment. The New Zealand church in asking for independence was not actuated by any dissatis faction or soreness. They were thoroughly at one with their brethren in Australia. The pro posal if not vital, was essential to the growth end health of the New Zealand chnrch. Be argned in favor of separation en the ground of geographical difficulty end theccBtinvolved in travelling. He bsliaved there was no legal difficulty, and at a proper time would addnoe legal opinion on this point. Be believed connexionali;m was the best form of chnrch organisation, but it was costly. .The ulhei churches ©f New Zealand were self governing, and there was no practical inconveni ence. Tbe reparation was the unanimous wish ef .tbe New Zealand church. The request dii sot come as the result of excitement or agita tion. BIr. Morley answered a nrunber of objections, which he said had been put to him privately. Mr. Vasey Eeconded pro forma, aod tbe discussion was cuntinued by the Kevs. H. Bull. F. E. Stephenson,G. Daniel,1 J. G. Symon, G. Woolnough, J. H. Fletcher, H. Bath. W. Quick, J. Watsf ord, W. L. Binks, and E. SeUors ; snd Messrs. Briggs, Warnock, Ham, Davios, James, Hack, and Henson ; and th3 debate wes adjourned at 9.15 p.m to the following morning. Seventh Dat: Wednesday, May 18. After devotions tbe Bev. S. M. Hunter lead the daily record for Tuesday, and the Kev. S. 'Williams read the minutes. In reference to the daily record the Pkesidhkt explained that lie had ruled tbat it was not within the power of the General Conference to grant indepen dence to New Zealand Conference without eub mitbrg the subject to the British Conference, end that he had also expressed his opinion that the name of tbe ' General Conference of the Australasias 'Wesleysn Methodist Church' irculd have to be changed. The Eev. W. McEtEr stated tbat h.3 nnuer rtocd that the Bev. G. Blown felt aggrieved by tbe action of tks Conference on tbe previous dey.and he suggested that Mr. Brown should be beard on tbesabject. The Rev. W. H. Fitcshti, BA, moved the suspension of the standing orders, so that Mr. Brown might be heard by tbe Conference. This was carried. The Rev. Geoege Beowit then eaid he was sorry to ob trude the matter on the Conference again ; but he felt that this was a crisis in his life. He might possibly be reading the resolution ?wrongly, but he was not usually unduly sensi tive, and with tbe construction that he pucupoa the resolution he could not think himself justi fied in continuing in his position. He could not carry on bis work with that resolution uaex plaineo. He wished to be distinctly understood tbat in tbe expedition organised for the pun ishment of the murderers he Iiad aated for the mission simply and only in self-defence ; and lad not resorted to the use of military measures in carrying cut tbe mission work. Yet it seemed to him that tbe resolution conveyed the impression th«t be had used military mea EtueEj and he knew that it was thus read by many besides himself. He did not wish to comment on the act of theNewSouth Wales Con ference in p&sEicg; tbe resolution. He believed they were right; and at the time, with the in formation in their possession, they could nob have done otherwise than they did, and he had submitted without complaint. But for the General Conference to adopt and confirm the letolntion was quite a different thing. He had ?l delicacy in suggesting anything, but the cue would be met by the Insertion of au adenddum to the effect that in the opinion of this Con ference Mr. Brown did not resort to military measures. The Hev. W. H. Frrcmrrr, B.A, was sure they were all anxious to spare air. Brown's feelings. He for his part was. He thought they could do that, and at the came time make do sacrifice of princi ple. With a view to this he would more 'That this Conference has heard with deepest regret the missionary secretary's account of the Blanche Bay massacre and the expedition which followed it, and hereby expresses its tenderest sympathy with the Eev. G. Brown, in his great peril in that massacre, and his embarrassment in having to provide so suddenly and unaided adequate means for the safety of the mission party. From the evidence now before as, and which we have carefully examined, it folly appears to us that in the judgment of the natives themselves, Mr. Brown acted justly ; and while reaffirming, in view ol the wide discussion which has been carried on in reference to this cste, the principle which underlies all our ne cessary operations that military enterprises OBLnot be sanctioned in their conduct, it records its judgment that in tbe present case Mr. Brown acted in defenceof the minion teachers and their families, and has not violatad the regulations which govern our missionary work, and retains tie fnll confidence of this Conference.' Mr. Badjiesbuby seconded the motion. He hoped this cr an equivalent motion would be accepted by tbe Conference. In view of all the facts and of Mr. Brown's work, they were convinced of his integrity. The prin ciple bed been already sfiinned by the New South Wales and Queensland Conference, and it was notnecessary to reaffirm it cow. Mr. Brown's feelings and convictions ought to be regarded. The Rev. G. Woolnough, M.A. eiplsincd tbat tbe resolution bad been passed two jearB ago, and that fresh information had been received. At that time there was great excitement on 4he subject, and it was with difficulty that even such a temperate re Eolation had been secured. He did nafc object to tbe proposed modification. Mr. Bbiggs moved ss an amendment the following resolution of tbe previous day, with theomission cf the words 'and whilst we still cherish,' and tbe words following them:— 'That this Con ference bas beard with deepest regret the mis eicEuy secretary's account of tbe Blanche Biy nsaee&cie; and the expedition which followed it, sfid beieby expresses its teoderest sympathy with the liev. G. Brown in his great peril in tbat maeeacre, and his embarrassment in having TO provide to suddenly and unaided adequate rce&ns; for the safety of the mission party. From tte evidence now before us, and which we have carefully examined, it fully appears to as that in tbe judgment of the natives themselves Mr. Brown bas administered justice without seeking revenge, and whilst we still cherish the utmost ccnficence in Mr. Brown as our agent in New Eritsin, we at the same time cow solemnly affirm that we can never sanction the use o£ mili tary measures in our missionary enterprises.' Tbe Sev. F. Tait seconded the amendment, and Esid be was strongly in favor of action being taken which would make no adverse reflection on Mr. Brown. As an old missionary he felt sure Mr. Brown was fully justified in tbe course he bad taken. The Rev. J. Cope strongly sup ported the resolution, saying that were it his own case if he were not sustained by the Con ference he should be compelled to retire. Tfle Bev. J.Watefobd was sorry the resolution had been introduced. The Bev. F. E. Stephens 3N opposed tbe le&olution; for the same reasons as those be had addnced in the previous discaesioa of tbe case. After Mr. Campbell and tbe Bev. G. Bbowk bad added a few words the amend ment was withdrawn, and the resolution of the Bev. W. H. Fitchett, BA, was carried. On the motion of the Secretary the resolution was substituted for tbat passed on the pievious day. The Eev. G. Dakiel, on behalf of the com mittee appointed by Conference, presented the letter prepared for presentation to King George of Tonga, which was as follows : — General Conference, Adelaide, Sonth Australia, May, 1881\. To His Majesty King George Tubou, Xnihatakalana, Friendly Islands. May it please jour Majesty — We, your Majesty's sincere friends, assembled in onr General Conference, desire to express onr fervent love to your Majesty and our earnest desire for the welfare of yourself and people. We have long known and admired your Majesty's devoted attachment to tbe ' tratn ss it is in Jesus' and to that section of Christ's Church; over which the Holy Ghost hath made ns overseers; and we have glorified the grace of God in yon. We have also marked with admiration, through many years past, your Majesty's careful paternal concern for the best interests of your people; and yoai ardent desire and earnest endeavors that Tonga may grow a truly Christian and godly nation— a people whom the Lord would delight to blese. We rejoice in the great and wondrous change which has been effected in your dominion, which by the proclamation of the Gospel has been brought eat of darkness into God's marvel Ions light, and we thankfully recognise the great influence of your Majesty's example and efforts therewith. We are pleased to inform jour Majesty that this General Conference, after careful consideration and the strong recommen dation cf the Board of Missions and of the Friendly Islands District Meeting, has been pleased to assent to your Majesty's request that Tocge should become an independent distriot in tbe Australasian Wesleyan McthodiBt Ocareh in connection with the New South Wales and Queensland Conference, and wo trust for your WsieBty'fi tied assistance that the affairs of tbe* district may be sustained in pease and efficiency. We desire to assure you of our an changed love, and of onr continued and earnest prajers that joor life may long be spared, and tliat you and your people may be increasingly enriched with all toe blessings which oar Hesren'y Father may see best to bestow.— We remain, &c.; J. S. 'Watjgii, President; J. B. Watbbhouse, Secretary. Tbe Bev. B. M Hcjteb resumed the debate on the question cf the separation of the New Zralano Conference, and iss being oonttituted an independent conference. His reason for mov ing tbe adjournment on the previous evening was that the proposal to give independence to the New Zealand Conference seemed likely to he carried in what w*sat the time a very small Conference, and if this had been the case when the subject came before the British Conference it would be prejudiced. He referred to the complimentary remarks made by previous speakers on Mr. Moriey's speech; but he did not think it a very clever Epeech. If it bad baen the speech of a cleverer man it would not have bad so much influence. By the absence of any thing lite snbcility it secured the readier ssient. But it had not converted him and he should vote sgainst tbe separation of tha New Zealand Conference. At tbe sama time he could net agree with many of tbe remarks made ia reprobation of change. Tbe church that for a tboneand years bad Known no change was a dis grace to itBelf and a bane to the world. He spoke of American Methodism as a change from Erglith Methodism, and said that Methodism itself was a change. But what they all regarded more than Methodism was Christianity, and be thought that the inter ests of Methodism and Christianity would be beEt served by the continuance of the Ne«r Zea land Conference in connection with that Gtceial Conference. The Rev. W, H. FrrcSETT regsrded the vote on this question as a very important one. Five arguments had been sddreesed by Mr. Morey in suppart of his motion, viz, the cost of tbe present arrangement. (1), in labor; (2), in time; (3), in money; (1), in dignity ; snd (5) in freedom. As to the first —the labor of attending the General Conference — te would enly say that the;distance from Auck land to DuEedio, and from either to Melbourne would not be shortened whatever their vote might be. As to time, Mr. Morley had epoken of the long time that some ef them were absent from their circuits during the year on official business, bnt that did not represent the case of the ordinary minister among them, aad the granting independence to them would not greatly affect that matter anyhow. The oost in reoney he admitted, but did not think such a consideration ought to weigh too much with them. He maintained that the concoction of the New Zealand Conference with the chnrch in Anstraiia was no loss of dig nity to New Zealand. The crgaoicnt of lir. Morley would represant ttve con nection of onr former Australasian Conference with tbat of EDgland as a loss of dignity to us. But who ever dreamed of thinking of our con nection with tbe English Conference in such a way. It was an addition to our dignity, and with all respect fcr New Zealand he thought they gained in dignity by their incorporation with tbe General Conference. With regard to tbe fifth point — that of freedom — tbe argument was equally applicable to every other colony, and if acted upon would resale in half a dozen independent conferences. If New Zealand had thislreedom, why not, Victoria, and New South Walei, and Sonth Australia? Bat there was something to be said per contra. Did Ne v Zea land Conference gain nothing by tae connection ? He contended tbat it did. It gained in the oppor tunity afforded of interchange amsng the miaistry. This was one of the best gifts of MetboditiE, and perhaps had not been utilised enough. And a more frequent transfer of ministers fiom New Zealand to Australia and frcm Australia toKew Zealand would be mutu ally advantageous. Again their connection with tbe Australian church was a steadying power in regard t« doctrine. It was a great deal easier to capsize a ccck-boat than a Hue ol battle ship. And the influence of a man who got astray in some matters of doctrine would be a gieat deal larger in a small and independent conference than in one composed as that General Conference wm, end representing the church throughout these colonies. Farther they in that General Conference held Methodism as a trust, and if they Ecnt New Zealand adrift with a policy in its hand represented by the recom mendations it had sent up to that very Con ftrence, how would they be faithful to that trust? The Ktw Zealand policy was in the direction of doing away with the class meeting and tbe itinerancy. There were those in Sew Zealand itself who objected to the proposal, and they bbonld not sacrifice tbem. The trend of the prestat time was towards union both in the church and in politics. He regarded this as the best hope for their politics, and they should not go for disintegration in the church. They were not prepared, he thought to bioek up their great Southern Methodism. Be believed they needed the New Zealand men, and tbe New Zealand men wanted them to help to keep them straight. The Bev. H. Bull (New Zealand) expreEsed Ms gratitude for the tone of the debate, and for the many and forcible arguments adduced by members of that Conference from other colonies in favor of the New Zealand proposal for separation. At one time it seemed as if all the New Zealand men needed to do was to sit still while other meu fought their battle. But to-day much had been said on tbe other side, and there were some things said to which he wished to reply. He ihould not have referred to the melancholy Tarsrua disaster, but that it had been already used in this debate by at least two speakers. That disaster could not have taken place where it did in the voyage to any place in whic'a the annual New Zealand Conference could be held. In no case would they have to go to the Bluff to attend a New Zealand Conference. It had been eaid that some of their senior ministers in New Zealand were opposed to the independence, but tbat was scarcely true. Tha Kevs. T, Buddie and A. Beid, in their annual Conference bad spoken against it being carried out at pre sent, but they both agreed with the principle: It was impossible tbat New Zealand should have its fair representation at the General Con ference, because neither ministers nor laymen ccu'.d be away so loDg as was necessary. At this Conference they were entitled to eighteen representatives, but there were only sis present, snd of those only one was a layman. The ex pense too was a very serious difficulty. Their radicalism in New Zealand had been referred to, but be could atsure them there was a great deal cf conservatism among them— even among their youngest men— and they need have no fear about that. New Zealand was advancing in every respect with rapid strides, and if Methodism there was to make the progress it might and ought to make this indepandence Ebunld be given. Tbe Bev. E. Kikq said tbat tbe proposal threatened the uaitv of Methodism. Some speakers seemed to attach little importance ta that consideration. He however regarded it as a matier of great moment that Methodism in ail these oo'.onies ebould be tbe ssme, aud that there should not be several different types. He thought the movement vras inexpedient, especially at pre sent, and wished agaiu to remind the Con ference tbat seme o£ the senior men ia Now Zealand were opposed to it. The Itev. F. K. Stepheksoh stid thai lie cad on the previous evening seconded the motion pro forma simply to facilitate bueineEF, and not as an expression of his opiuiGn on tbe question. He oon fepeed that bis sympathies had been awakened for the New Zealand church by the speechts of the previous cay. Bat they must look dispassionately and deal judicially with the subject. As they had bad a nighe'a sleep they bad probably escaped tbe spall of the feelings awakened by the appeals made yeatsr dsy. For himself, he was more and more oon nimed in the opinion that it was undesirable that &ev; separation should take place ai pre sent. If such teparstion were effected, snd it proved to be a mistake, it would be impassible to retrace the falsa step taken. Bat if the matter vcere postponed at least to the nest General Conference, no disastrous consequences would follcw. Again, theyeoold not separate this question of independence from the pro poEs'e sent up by the New Zssl&nd; Conference in repaid to other matters. If they made the Kew Zealand church independent they would condone and virtually support the recomaiecda tiecs tent up. It had been argued that the present form of Methodism oould not be adapted to the ptcnliar wants and characteristics of New Zealand. Bat he maintained it could ba adapted, and that wculd be better than making another type of Methoiiem there. He did not think the expense— about £109 a year— was exorbitant ; and it should not hare been made so much of. He should vote against the pro posal. The Kev. J. A. Kolas should vote for Mr. Moriey's amendment, although be felt it was taking a step in the dark. He could cot fay that he had such confidence intho New Zealand brethren as some bad expressed ; and be thought tbat the influeBoe exercised all round by their grand brotherhood of Ojnferences was very beneficial. On one ground alone should he vote for tbe proposal, and that was that be believed to refute tbe request of New Zealand wc.nld be merely to force an unwilling union mith the rest of the Conferences, and the result would be irritation and agitation. Tbe Eev. S. '\Vilijaii8 said if the separation were right they ought to concede it, and if it were Hot right they ought to be firm. The qucttion before tbem was one of expediency, and be argned on four grounds that it was in expedient to separate tfce New Zealand Con ferecce:— 1. All arguments in favor of this separation were squally applicable for tha separation of each of the other conferences. Tbe expenditure of money was incurred in tbo other conferences by attendance at the General Conference. So also was the expenditure of time. And as to celf- control, every other Con ference was ss much entitled to that as the New Zealand Conference. 2. No speoial Advan tages would accrue to tbe New Zealand Con ference which might not be enjoyed by the other conferences. He weald not say more about that. 3. The effect of this movement would be dissatisfaction in the other conferences, becanfe New Zealand would have an annual Conference with legislative powers, and tha others would only have a General Conference once in three years. The other colonial Conf erecces would certainly claim to be put on an equality with New Zealand. 4. It was inex pedient, because close beaide tbem they would have a different type of Methodism. Mr. B. G. Kucg would vote on the conservative side. They had democracy enough elsewhere without having it in tbe church. He wanted to know where this sew type of Methodism that was proposed came from. Did it come from above or from below ? When he said ' from bslow,' he meant wss it to be found, on tbe vox po/ndi vox dei principle ? If so he did not believe in it. Mr. Yaeet supported the amendment. He thought the proposal was one of progress, not revolution. What would have been said to the proposal for lay representation twelve years a xo ? He should not have voted as he was about to vota but for tbe president's ruling that the question must be taken as one of expediency. Mr. Gaaipseix bad not the slightest fear of tbe £*ew Zealand men, but had the utmost confi dence in them. Still he should vote against the separation — first, because the tendenoy of the time was in favor of federation and un'oa rather than separation and division ; and cccondly, because ha thought they had better retain these gentlemen from New Zealand among them. They could not cot sfford to lose them. As for their recom mendation*, he believed in many of them, and thought they only indicated the direction in which they most inevitably move. The Rev. G. Bbo'WH, before speaking to the question, in formed the Conference that the Bev. B. B*vin was ill with gastric fever and unable to attend Iho Conference. He requested that his vote might te cast in favor of the independence of the New Zealand Confeiecce. [Subsequently, vrhen tbe vote was about to be taken, it was ruled by tfce President that a vote by proxy could not be given. The Kev. W. H. FircHErr stdd he would pair with Mr. Bavin, aud while the voting was going on he withdrew beyond the bsr.j The Bev. W. P. WEtLS said tbe president hid ruled that this pro posal if ' adopted must be sent on to the British Conference, and asked hot? it would look in the e;es of that Gjnferenc3 when it knew tbo recommendations that the New Zealand Conference had sent up on pother mat ters. The British Conference would hesitate. Wculd that Conference have given tha Aus tralasian Church independence twenty or thirty j ears ago, if it had been asked ? If they recom mended this separation, what would they (tho British Conference) think of them? He did not agree with all that bad been eaid against the formation of any typa of Methodism but our own. American Mtthcdiem was of a different type from ouro, but it was Etrong and successful &3 a whole. H3 gave notioe of amendment to the effect that the queetion be deferred till the meeting of the rest General Conference. Jlr. Hitceoock sup ported Mr. Mcrley'e amendment. The General Conference bod certainly broken down so far as New Zealand was concerned, for neither at that nor the last General Conference was tuatealony adequately represented, and the difficulties in the way of seeming a proper representation seemed insuperable. The arguments adduced against New Zealand separation reminded him very strongly of those used years ago against tha separation of Fort Phillip from New South Wales. It was said then that Port Phillip would Ioce dignity and prestige if it were sepa rated. But the colony had made wonderful progress notwithstanding its independence of New Scnth Wales. Tho changes proposed in tbe New Z£aland Conference recommendations were, in his opinion, chiefly minor and not radical changes. They were not novelties, and he did not thisk they were treading on suoh unsafe ground as some speakers had represented. The Bev. E. I. Wai kluj said he had received a letter frcm the late Eev J. B. Kichard Etin, written as he was on the point cf leaving Kew Zealand to attend that Conference, and in that letter he had rcprcEented that in New Zealand the connec tion with Australia was a burden intolerable ta be borne, and that everywhere their people were grumbly at the absence oi their ministers. He did not altogether agree with the New Zealand brethren, but he reminded the Con ference tbat, bo far as they in Australia were concerned, the New Zealand brethren were tha wise mm feem tbe East, and they got the light earlier than they did in Australia. But lest their brethren should be exalted over much by that remark he would add that they also lost the light eooner. The Bev. G. Lane would vote for the amendment. Mr. MoxaAJi(Ne«r Zea land) thould not venture to address tbe Conference on this question, but for tbe position he held as a New Zealand representa tive. He had been connected with the Methodist Olinrch fifty years and with their church in New Zealand forty years. Methodism was very dear to him, and he desired to see it prosper. He did not think it would be possible to adapt the present arrangements to New Zealand require ments. There was an intense feeling of dissatis faction amongtheir people there. Many of their beet people had expressed a hope taafc none of tbe representatives would go to tbe General Conference and thus enter their protest against the connection witfe Australia. The absence of their ministers for so long a time was grievously felt. He did not think the British Conference would be frightened by tbe proposal but would receive it, as they had the proposal for the independence of the Australasian churen. Many of the troubles of the Slethodiat Church had arisen from the fact that important questions bad not been considered early enough. Much had been eaid about federation. In New Zealand there were indications of a desire for union among tbe different sections of tho Methcdist Church, but that union would cer tainly never take place while the connection with Australia was continued. The Hon. J. Cade eaid that some great changes had proved a benefit, bnt those changes had been the result of long and mature consideration. It was not every change that would succeed, and be thought tbie proposal was premature. After all tbe difficulty was not so very great. There was much travelling between New Zealand and tbe ether colonies, and the great cities of Melbourne and Sjdney were regarded as head-quattera in New Zealand. On the motion of the Kev. Wm. Iee tbe Conference adjourned at a quarter to 1 o'clock. The Conference re- assembled at 2 o'olosk. Tbe Bev. S. Knight presented an invitition fiom Mr. Hill for the members of the Con ference End their frisnds to spend Saturday afternoon on his estate. On tbe motion of Hr. Baddesbuky, the invitation was unanimously accepted, it being arranged that toe party should leave Pirie-Btreet_at noon. The debate on the motion for an independent sudeelf'gcvcming conference for New Zealand, was then resumed by the Eev. Wm. Leh, who eaid tbat as tbe debate bad already occupied a loDg.time, he would be brief in hie address. He bad waited lor reseOES agaiott tho arguments of Mr. Mcrley, but he had waited in vain. Sir. Morley bad presented figures in support of his arguments which remained unanswered and uere*ux assailable. The expenses of tbe General Cbr-ference weie great and bore heavily upon New Zealand. It was true . that separation ibvolvtd hcavitr eonnesioiikl charges on New Zealand, but thcee charges would be cheeif ally borne in view of the great advautages which independence conferred. Mr. Wateford had asked what were time and money compared with the principles cf Methodism? Bit ha (Mr. Lee) would e&y; that the principles of Method ieni were not in danger. The MethodUts of New Zeal&nd; were perfectly lojal. Tbe class meeting was deeply valued. With reg&rd; to the senior ministers ol New Zealand, Mr. Bull had already pointed out they were net opposed to separation. The difiiculties relating to the cocnexional fence were more ittsgiLBry than rtal. Alter meeting the argu ment «jf tfce Hev. S. Williams respecting the break np of the annual conferences to whicti the New Zealand leanest if granted might lead, Mr. Lee concluded by affirming that more than tiO per cent, of tbe Now Zea.la.ud Methodises were earnest in their desire for tha request to be greeted. The Kev. J. Niciiolsox was not quite convinced brthoargumcntsof thespe&kers; in favor of sn independent caiifereace for New Zeshnd. He thought the ce.e might be met by special legislation that would not involve Eep&raticn.; The General Conference might be htld once every five, instead of every three years, as at present. Then he woald give proxy voting to New Zealand. But he held that the direction of opinion throughout the world was in favor o£ fedtral union. Tke ltev. T. Lloyd Bpole on the bearing of the question as it con cerned the connexioual fund*!*, and argued in favor of delay. Tbe Kev. J. Bickford called attention to No. 9 of the New Zealand recom mendations respecting the iajmeii having a scat in the stationing committee. This was a matter which belonged to miuistera only, and formed one of the 13 reserved ques tions. He read from the Methodist Con ference Act and contended that their legal cosnection with the British Conference was at an end. He affirmed that if New Zealand were made independent it would on account of its extreme radicalism be a standing danger to the Methoditm of the neighboring colonies. The recommendations of New Zealand were marked by undue haste, and he could uot support the proposition. The Bev. J. B. WiTEBHObSB said be bad listened attentively to all the speeches that be might give a thoughtful vote. He thought there was not an intolerable burden on New Zealand either as to expenses of the General Conference or the time taken up in attending it. Tbcdifb'cultieBwould bs lessened were the Oonfe rencesalwaysbeldcither in Sydney or Melbourne. Tbete were also grave difficulties respecting the arrangements of the connexional funds. They were in tbe light now, and he would not con cent to a leap in the daik. Mr. Jajileson had Bjmp&lhy; with Kew Zealand, but they must re member that if this separation proved an error they nould have no means of remedying it. He thought the movement was premature. The Eev. Vt. Keltkack was against the proposal — first, btrarae he thought it premature. They bad but lately been to tlio British Conference for tbeir existing constitution, aud they could not with any propriety go again so soon for a change. Secondly, bo objected to it, because it would l»C8k tbeir orgsnio connection. If cr peraticn were granted to Now Zealand other Conferences would certainly follow suit. They Buould p&nte.; Xbe tendencies in New. Zealand required the influence of the other colonies as a break. 'He thought tbey might secure the re quired relief by the adoption of quinquennial Conferences. The Eev. S.Knioht asked whether if there were disaffection in New Zealand now on this subject, and they refused the request, what point would that disaffection attain to in three years' time when the next General Con ference met ? He thought New Zsaland would be more utefnl to them as an example than as an ingredient. They would have to appeal to tha British Oonference,andandertheinflueuoeo[ that Coaference would not £0 far astray. Many persons were of opinion that it would not after all be so bad a thing to have some change, and to move in American lines rather than on English in tbeir church arrangements. He believed tbat tbe increased responsibility im posed on the New Zealand brethren would make tbem more conservative and less hasty in adopting new legislation : and as for the funds, be thought tbat tbey wonld make tbem work better. Mr. Holdeb said if the proposal were adopted the New Zealand Church woald be in dependent of the British Conference, aud he spoke against the reparation. The Bev. W. &. b. Stephi--sox asked what effect this would have in the other colonies. He bslieved it would result ia the disintegration of Metbodiem. Every co!ony would claim its right to independence, and would have its own tjpe of Methodism. The Bev. W. Williams Baid though be bad the honor of being the youngest member of tbat Conference, he felt he ought, a3 a New Zealand representative, to say soraethisg on this question. The great difficulty that seemed to influence the Conference teas the radical r attire as was paid of the recommenda tions sent up from New Zsaland. In their views, however, tbey in New Zealand did not stand alone. The South Australian Conference hed sect a recommendation respecting tbe c!a9s meeting test at least as radical as that of New Zealand. Other Conferences had also discussed some of the other questions, and though they were shelved for a time, yet the tendency in the direction of the New Zealand proposals was distinctly indicated. He asked them to look at the question from a New Zealand standpoint. It had been t aid by one speaker that the opinion of some of the intelligent men of New South Wales was against them. What was more to tbe point was that tbe deliberate opinion of tbe intelligent men of New Zealand was entirely with them. The JUev. W. Lee and he were the last to leave tbe New Zealand shores, aud, as tbe subject bad been spoken of by others, ho might pay tbat the Tararna disaster had only intensified tbe feeling in f i-.vor of separation. Their people consented to their leaving in tie hope tbat they weald secure this ohange, and in their last words begged them to try tu accomplish it. He believed it the Conference gave them independence there would be nothing to regret. Tbe steadying influence of their connection with Australia had been spoken of by Kr. Fitchett ; but had that General Confe rence itself reached finality ? He briefly re plied to eome remarks of Mr. Bickford, aad clcsed by urging that the request be graut9d. Mr. Parker thought it was indecent on the part of New Zsalond to eend the request. The Hon. J. Coltox had listened with care to the debate, which he said did credit to that Conference. It was a very important question, and he had been trying to think oE eome means by which the views of tbe New Zealand Conference might ba met, bnt he had come to the conclusion that it would be wise to delay the subject. He knew the dimculties under which their New Zsaland friends labored, bat he thought that these were very little in comparison with tha inconvenience that would result fiom seve rance. The time spent by the repre sentatives from New Zealand was something of moment; the money expense was trifling He thought they eught not to sand the question on to England unless they believed in it. They should show themselves men, and take the responsibility of deciding one way or the other. If tbe proposed course were unwise let them vota against it. The Hev. J. Cope gave the following LoticeoE amendment: — 'That, while sensible of the inconveniences and expense occasioned by the attendance at this Conference of representa tives from New Zealand, this Conference regards the proposal to form New Zealand into a separate and independent Conference as premature. The Conference is also of opinion that a carefully prepared plan or constitution should be submitted to it before ib is asked to pronounce upon the expediency of the proposed change.' Mr. liousos said his sympathy was with the New Zealand brethren, but his judgment was against them. The Kev. W. Mobley, ia replying, said he was thankful for the spirit that had marked the debate. He was sorry they had lost Mr. Nolan's confidence. He never supposed that anything they could do in New Zealand could so perturb and convulse Australia as same of the speakers bad represented. He had not ap pealed to tbeir sympathy, and had carefully avoided reference to the Tararaa disaster aud the personal inconveniences to which they as New Zealand representatives were subjected. His appeal was to their tense of justice, and to whit, in their familiar language, they called the promotion oE tUe work of God. If that Conference thought they should not have independence it Bhould tell them so. He agreed with Mr. Colton that that Conference onght to come to a, definite decision. He replied to what had bean said in answer to bis remarks about the cost of time aud money involved in the present plan. Tnere was not a voice in New ZeaUud against itinerancy, but they thought it should not be hedged up with unnecessary restrictions. They all desired tbat the practice of annual invita tions and annual appointments should ba con tinued. England had relaxed the rule ia regard to the itinerancy in Sootland. Tod much had been made of political analogies. Ithad beeassid they were not to be governed by the voice of the people, but he would ask if they we;o prepared to gay that they should not listen to the voice of the peo,.le? So far as he knew schemes for Australian federation did not include New Zealand. They were not an upper chamber, and therefore it was not correct tossy that the New Zealand proposal was an attempt to abolish the upper chamber. Toe great argument at terall ia their favor was that the present plan practically dis franchised New Zealand. 1'bey wpre not; exasperated at having to come to Adelaide; tbey weie very glad to coxe. But it was a fact tbat not half their New Zealand representa tives were present. After refsrring to the other principal points of objection as brought out in the debate, Mr. Morley Cosed by ex p7esf-ing the hope tnat Sev Zsaland woald re ceive due consideration. If the request were refuted theze would be disappointment, but they held out no threat. He had pat the case as fairly as he could, and asked the O .inference to say ' jeo''or'no.' The amendment was then put and lost, the voting being 31 for, and 37 tgaiust. , Tbe Kev. W. 1*. Wells withdrew his amendment in favor of the iiev. J. Oopt'e, which on being put was carried by 39 votes Bpainct25. and was subsequently pasted as a substantive motion. The following are the recommend itioas of the Kew Zealand CoufercDce, which were so fre quently mentioned in the debate :— Slit us of Communicants. — That communicants be re garded as church members, and placed under the discipling oi tbe leaders meeting. Society itu'.e.s. — That the society rules be revised by ooikcing the particulars specified under each of tbe three classes of the evidence of the desire of sulcatioa. Itinerant Sjstem.— 1. That the peri jd uf a minister's stay in a circuit be extended frjui three to five jears. 2. That tbe ru'e whith limits a minister's residence in one city to six years be rescinded. Locating Minister.— 1. Tbat when a travelling preacher is so uuacjspt able, inefficientj or secular, as to be no longer useful in his work, the Conference msj reiaesc him to EEk a 'kcaticn,' aad if he stall refuse to comply with the request, the Con ference shall bear with him till its session next ensuing, at which time, if be per sist in his refusal, the Coaference miy, without formal trial, locate him without his consent by a vote of two-thiida of the members present and voting. 2. Tba1; it shall be tbe duty ef the stationing committee tj report on any cases of ministers ' who do not make tbeir way in circuits,' and who ought to be 'located.'' Constitution of Annual Con ferences.— Tbat the constitution of the Annual Conferences be eo amended that the lay repre sentatives shall take part in and vota oa all questions, excepting those of ministerial cha racter aud theological examinations, and be associated with ministers in the stationing committee. Constitution of Quarterly Meet ings.— That the constitution of the quarterly meeting be eo amended as to admit of a fair proportion of its members being eleoted by the members of the church. The President asked the secretary to read a letter received from Dean Eusse'I, which was as follows -.-'Church Office, Adelaide, May 18, 1681\. Ktv. and dear sir— I have tho honor to forward to yon the following resolution adopted by the unanimous vote of the Synod of the diocese of Adelaide:— 'Tbat this Synod requests tbe Vicar-General to convey to the President of tbe Weslejan Conference an expression of its profound regret at the awful calamity in New Zealand, and its heartfelt * sympathy with tbe families and friends of those who perished in the Tararua.' I am persuaded that in this resolution, the Synod has but given expression to a sympathy very deep and per vading our entire community. With yon and your brethren who are now mourning the sudden removal of honored ministers aud laymen of your connexion, I am, with much respect, your faithful Eervant, A. 11tjs;eli., Vicar- General. The Bev. the President of the Wesleysn General Conference.' The general treasurers of the children's fond, Bev. W. Quick and Mr. T. J. Crouch, were then, called to tbe platform, and tbe review of the affairs of ttat fnnd was commenced. The balance sheets for tbe years 1878, 1879, and 1880, were presented in a printed form and taken as read. Mr. Crouch presented the report of a com mittee appointed on a previous day to consider certain matters affecting claims on the fattd. Ihe report referred to personal matters almost exclusively. Two items of the report were dealt with. 