Wbitti flifllmmt LADIES' NEWS-LETTEK. TBT i. IiABT.l JLondon, October 7. Suitors for the hand of Her Majesty's unmarried daughter, the Princess Bea trice, have not been wanting, and re ports from time to time hare named certain foreign dukes, heirs apparent and English noblemen, each in turn, as likely to become the happy possessor or Her iio* al Highness's hand and heart. The Duke of Genoa is the last-named aspirant, and rumor says tbe Queen favors the match. According to a French journal tbe Italian ambassador has left London for Rome bear ing a letter from Her Majesty to King Humbert, wbi;b is said to contain matter relative to tbe proposed alliance. It is truly eaid one must go from home to hear newe, which experience Droves .to be not invaiiaily authentic. Possibly therefore our friends across the channel have drawn on their imagination for tbe foregoing int'or matun. ' I cannot tell how the truth may be — I tell the tele as 'twas told to me.' To a thoughtful mind I think there is 83mething paralyzing in tbe reflection that the consequences 'of our deeds and even words may be so far-reacliing in their re eults as to extend far beyond the bounds of reasonable imagination. When the Coun tess of Bective set on foot that scheme of conservatism in relation to dreES which ia intended to benefit British woollen manu facturers and their operatives, tbe fair philanthropist did not reckon, I suppose, on her views being propagated' in St. Petersburg, and there leading to tbe for mation of a society pledging its members, under severe penalties for any contravention of the rules of the club, to wear only sucb fabrics as are of Russian make and made up by native work-people. It was well said — ' There is some soul of goodness in things evil* 'Would men obseivingly distil it out.' And though the {reigning taste has of late expressed itself in the choice of fabrics of foreign manufacture, thereby occasioning distreeB among a class of native operatives, it is certain that tbe exclusion of all materials ot&6r than those made in this land would bring about results not alto gether satisfactory; and apart from the restrictions imposed upon commerce by any sucb regulation, our present scope for dressing elegantly and well would be subject to considerable and undesirable limitation. Bradford woollen goods may be very suitable for winter morning wear. The material is eminently satisfactory in point of durability, and excellent in many respects. But once forbid us to wear the lovely feilks manufactured in Lyons and elsewhere, and include in tbe restric tion other tasteful fabrics which are imported here — carry insistence further still, and decree that we shall wear woollen, and woollen only, going so far as to legislate that poor mortality's winding-sheet shall be made out of the neece of the sheep, and we shall have stronger intimations of rebel lion and disgust than those expressed in the following couplet, to be found in Pope's « Moral.iissay8' — ' Odious in woollen, 'twould a saint provoke, Were the last words that poor Naroissa spake.' Alpaca, as I said, I believe, in a former letter, is too thin a substance to be adopted during the extreme rigor of an English winter, but my readers abroad may be sure that alpaca is the material par excellence for wear, and most fashionable just no w. W bite alpaca trimmed with fine gold or silver braid is in excellent taste, and when further trimmed with white watered silk looks very elegant. Black alpaca makeS a more useful costume, but is charming when com bined with watered silk of the same raven bue and flat gold braid. It has been justly observed that the man who defers his charity till he is on his deathbed is free with another's inheritance rather than liberal with his own. Tbe majority teep their possessions up to the veryBastih.our of existence, and, if at all, mostly recognise the claims of the suffering and indigent simultaneously with the con sciousness that riches cannot be car ried acrosB the borderland that separates life from death. Theu, per. haps, the tardy bequest is made, and a character for philanthropy cheaply pur chased, though posthumous charity, unless preceded by former acts of benevolence, seems hardly to deserve the name. Happily, and for the credit of humanity, there have been some remarkable exceptions to the rule 6f post-mortem benefactions, and some of our contemporaries furnish striking ex amples of men who, while yet in the prime of their days and in the enjoyment of per fect health, have given munificent sums for the furtherance of schemes of charity, or for the promotion of projects intended for the benefit of mankind. Professor Hollo way, the fame of whose 'pills and oint ment?' has secured for him a world-wide lenown, is one of those whose alms is not to be characterised as postmortem. At an enormous cost he has erected a magnificent lunatic asylum. ''Maison de Santo' is, I believe, the accepted name for these places of refuge. ' Madhouse' would have -been the uncompromising term ourplain tpeajiing ancestors would.' have used, but advancing civilisation teaches us to- avoid wounding the susceptibilities of any by eucb. bald phraseology, however expressive it may otherwise be. The asylum is in tended for middle-class folk, and I believe this project of Professor Holloway'e is unique in the annals of charitable schemes. Statistics prove that aberration of mind is greatly on the increase, for we live in a ceaseless hurry — ever drive, driving on, till tbe worn-out machine breaks down mentally or bodily. It is not agreeable to face eo sad a fact, but one cannot help admire those who have the courage to do so and the generosity to provide for the amelioration of the unhappy condition of the mentally afflicted, even when their cure cannot be effected. Professional men, including lite rary toilers,, artists, and others .'among the educated but not over-healthy classes, are, eo it is said, in these days of keen competi tion and severe mental strain, peculiarly liable to insanity. The cost of maintenance in private asylums is eo enormous that for the majority it is not to be thought of, yet we of the : middle rankB hesitate to place our afflicted friends in pauper asylums, not from any false pride, out because, as tbe ; term implies, a very large proportion of the unhappy inmates of these places are taken from lower stations in life, whose habits and ^tellecti ufidaDy accorS :'lm(h* the' social' status to which they belong, and constant association with these afflicted beings mast inevitably at tunes jar on the sensitive and aggravate the sorrowful condition of the educated and naturally refined man or woman whose misfortune condemns him or her to such uncongenial companionship; for it is an error to suppose that an un sound mind retains no memories of the past, nor is at all cognisant of present sur roundioga. On the contrary the halluci nation is often confined to one special subject, and as the experience of _ my life includes much knowledge of the insane, I can say from my own observation that there are frequent cases to be met with where on some points tbe perception of the deranged seems to be benefited rather than clouded, excepting of course that one delu sion which necessitates the incarceration of such. In lucid moments, however rare, to find themselves among people of their own Tank in life, and to be able at such times to exchange sentiments with persons of some intelligence, must, I think, have a soothing and beneficial effect on the nervous system, and assist jn restoring, or at least in pio rootinff tbe recovery of lost balance of mind. So all honor to Professor Holloway, whose disinterested gift of £50.000 for me pur pose referred to above wins for him a double right to the title long bestowed upon him — that of universal benefactor. I have to record another instance of benevolence, and this time it is of a woman I speak, who, though her scheme of charity is yet in abeyance, spares no effort to acquaint herself with all the technical knowledge neceEsary for the successful carrying out of her plans. These efforts include exhausting mental and bodily ex ertion, for tMadame Modjeska's histrionic talents are now exclusively strained and devoted not to acquire wealth for her own selfish gratification, but to furnish a suffi citnt fund for the erection of a hospital for the sick in her own land (Poland), whither the talented actress shortly re turns. A few days back Madame, accom panied by an eminent physician and his wife, who are friends of mine, paid visits of inspection to two of our great metropolitan hospitals for tLe purpose of acquainting herself thoroughly with, their construction and tbe system of management under which they are governed, together with all other details likely to assist her in carrying out her benevolent intentions. Madame deecended to tbe kitchens, and interviewed the cooks belonging to both establishments, tbe presidicg genius of the culinary depart ment being in one hospital a man, in tbe other a woman. It was generally allowed . that the cleanliness and order apparent under the woman's rale was in excess of that displayed in the kitchen and surrounding offices where th6 chef de cuisine belonged to the sterner sex. {Subsequently Madame Modjeska and the Count, her husband, lunched with my friends. My lady readers will wish to hear bow Modjeska was dressed on this cccesicn. Her costume was decidedly singular, thick serge and white lace being in our eyes somewhat anomalous. Never theless the features of Madame's dress presented that anomaly. The flounces, there being three, had fans of white lace let in at spaced intervals all the way round, and the edge of each flounce was was also trimmed with lace. A nearer view and closer inspection of the Polish lady than any that is possible in a theatre and with all the illusions of the stage about her, shows Modjeska a woman past her prime. She has however, perfect manners — nature's own patent of nobility; her hair is still lovely and abundant ; and her wonderful eyes light up the face that bears the impress of advancing years. Unquestionably Juliet is a part which, if Madame fears criticism, it is hazardous for ber to play. I know she feels the ircongruityof the character as por trayed by herself, and confesses her dislike to represent that love-sick child, who after all is one of Shakespeare's most charming creations. I saw poor Adelaide Neilson act tbe part, for which she seemed to be made. Tbe feverish passion, the abandonment of that glowing representation, it is impossible to forget, though Neilson for over twelve months has lain in her untimely grave in Brompton cemetery. Madame Modjeska, after her present tour in the provinces, re turns to town for a few days, paying a visit to an acquaintance of mine. She then goes to Poland for a brief etay, after which it is Modjeska's intention to sail for America, where she intends to play for two years, and then purposes to return to Poland and spend the rest of her days in peaceful retire ment. I see it is announced that Her Majesty expresses a wish to be responsible for any medical attendance rendered to such volun teers as can prove that their need of it was or is distinctly traceable to exposure on the occasion of the ill-starred review held near Edinburgh some time ago, an event which 1 duly recorded. A few days past I was shown a specimen of ancient jewellery, interesting because of the antiquity and associations connected with the original rather than from anything singular in the design or material 'of the copy. The Mycente bracelet, as it is styled, is a moderately wide band of gold. The pattern consists of blocks of gold knobs, alternating with squares of another det-igD. The relic — of which the circlet I _ saw is a reproduction — was, it ia eaid, discovered in the tomb of ' Agamemnon, or treasury of Atreus, and if so cannot be less than 3,000 years old. This bracelet ie, I believe, preserved among other relics of antiquity by our national museum. In connection with the trinket, aud for the benefit of those of my readers who may have forgotten that part of the Grecian history -which refers to tbe hero mentioned above, I venture to give tha fol lowing information, without of course in tending tbe least reflection upon any one's knowledge. Agamemnon was Klag of Argos and Mycente, and husband of the faithless beauty Clytemnestra. He was also the brother of Menelaus, who married the equally depraved but still more beautiful Helen, who was sister to Olytemnestra, both being daughters cf th'e reigning King of Sparta. The latter by her mis conduct occasioned all the disasters which befel the Greeks in the subsequent Trojan ware. Agamemnon was murdered by his ?wife, who presented him with a tunic the sleeves of which she had carefully sewn together. Trying to discover the way into the garment Agamemnon was taken at a disadvantage, and his embarrassing situa tion enabled Cljtemneetra to dispatch her husband with a hatchet. Passing Duclo's famous sweetmeat shop a short time since, and stopping to look in at fcthe windows (for a season), I came to theconclueion that the premises had changed hands. Judging by the exhibition of larks, quails, and other wild tirds, together with a liberal display of hares, I very reasonably concluded that a poulterer was doing busi ness within. A second look convinced me of my mistake, for tbe birds, however natural their appearncce, w^ere but stuffed effigies, one being fixed severally on the top of various wickerwork receptacles for Bweets ; tbe lids of these being partially open revealed the closely-packed bonbons ly JBg therein. Ou the top ot one basket sat a wild duck surrounded with reede, as if for her nest ; on another a bird with extended wings was poised as if for flight;- other small effigies lay breast upward, as if just Bhotdownbythedestroyer'shand. The sight wasnotplea£ing,and the connection between comfits and dead game perplexed me, but the presence of the hares puzzled me most. Lifelike in their proportions, they lay about in every attitude suggestive of dissolution. Conjecture having failed to' give me any clue as to their possible use, I made tbe enquirv, and heard with surprise that puss also was intended as a vehicle for comfits. The prepared skins I saw were not stuffed, the purchaser being left to select the filling from among those sugared delicacies with which the place abounds. Now there are certain associations connected with dead game which I consider the reverse of appetising, and when eating it cooked I always en deavor to abut the door of memory upon' any anterior knowledge linked with the dith aid prior to its appearance on the dinner-table. But with pussy's sTri' de monBtmhTy^e! ore rhy eyes, and her internal arrangements ' substituted by* bonban's,' disagreeable reflections - would be quite unavoidable, and drawn from such a recep tacle I am sure I should lose all relish for Dado's famous confectionery. I am told a harmless deception, practised during the present game season, Is to send one of these bares so packed as to represent a real present of game. To the adult members of the family investigation may prove disappointing, but juvenile recipients are sure to be delighted with such a gift. Its novelty would charm, and with child hood's voracious and indiseriminating appe tite for goodies a nice perception of nauseating surroundings need not be looked for. Not, however, that the love of con fectionery is exclusively confined to chil dren. I know a great many grown-up babies — i.e., if a love of sweetmeats is to be the test applied as significant of the earlier stages of existence only. Sidney Smith recommends, in conjunction with a sim mering tea-kettle and a bright fire, that a paper of Eu?ar plums be kept on the mantelshelf as an additional aid to cheerfulness and gooefhumor. The newest bcnVoBDleres aie in the shape of disre putable old shoes, such as the tramp leaves discarded on the highways and hedges as no longer capable of affording protection w his pedal extremities. And here again I con fess I do not think reflection is likely to give zest to an appetite for the coatencs of the duplicates. I cepy with an acknowledgment the following interesting account of the obse quies of the late President. I have abridged it, however, .to suit the space at mycoai mand. 'Before the coffin was taken from 'Washington all the floral decorations were removed from it ?with tbe exception of that presented on behalf of the Queen — a large and exquisite -wreath of white roses, sinilax, and stephatiotes. A card attached bore this inscription, ' Queen Victoria to the memory of the late President Garfield ; an p.tpres eion of her sorrow and sympathy with Mrs. Garfield and the American nation.' The funeral car was drawn by twelve black . horses, draped in black, with whits pl'imes, and led by six negroes. Mrs. Garfield, accompanied hy ber late husband's mother and her five children, followed in procession. Twelve pall-bearers walked alongside the car, which wo3 an elaborate construction, covered with black draperies bordered with silver fringe and relieved with folds of wbite_ silk. The 'casket' (a new naaie substituted for the more ghastly and sug gestive coffin) had silver handles. It was lined with white satin, and across the lid were two long palm leaves crossing each otber. The body was laid in the vault amid 6 1 expressions of the deepest sorrow, the steps to the mausoleum beiEg covered with flower3. The 'casket' vrss enclosed in an iron cage axd surrounded vcitJi a wall of cement sufficiently strong to prevent any attempt to remove it.'' Among those who have written letters of condolence to the widow I may mention Mr. Alfred Tennyson and tbe Archbishop of Canterbury. In London on the day of interment the drivers of vehicles testified their respect to the memory of the late President by attaching fragments of crape to the handles of their whips ; and many tradesmen, not only in London but efeewhere, draped their windows with crape or black cloth, and partially closed their shops in token of sympathy. I noticed one shop draped with - black with this inscription wrought in white flowers, 'In memory of Abram Garfield, Christian man and conscientious statesman.' There are few ancient houses which do not possess some uncanny resident in the shape of a ghost, who never appears but to presage misfortune, death, or disaster in the family to which it may be said to belong. We all remember how the step on the ghost's walk at Chesney Wold foreboded dishonor to the lofty Sir Lei cester Dedlocb, baronet; and here, not in fiction, but as a fact, comes the story of tbe ' Drummer of the Airiie family.' It is authentically stated that a few days previous to the very sudden and unex pected death of the late Earl of Airiie, ?who expired at Denver, America, whilst on a visit to that city, the fatal- visitant ?was distinctly beard by several members of the family beating his spectral drum with a weird energy never practised un less the head of the house be threatened, and old retainers affirm that the sorrowful news of the earl's decease did not find them unprepared. 