DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. (from our own Correspondent. J It was announced on Sunday from the altar that a diocesan synod would be held in St. Kilian's pro-Cathedral on the 20th and 21st September. The congregation was asked to offer fervent prayers to the Holy Ghost to direct the deliberations of the Bishop and clergy. On Sunday, 18th September, Mozart's Mass, No. 12, will be rendered by a strong choir and Monaghan's celebrated band. On the last occasion the performance of Haydn's gem, the Imperial, was a thorough treat; and no doubt equal justice will be done to this difficult composition of Mozart—there being sufficient time for rehearsal. In accordance with ecclesiastical custom, his Lordship will leave for Rome early in January to pay a visit to the Holy Father, and for the welfare of the diocese. Certainly a great impetus has been given to religion in Sandhurst since the Bishop's arrival, both as regards Catholic education and the interests of religion generally. The children of the Catholic schools of the city are performing the visits of the Jubilee in a body. It is very edifying to observe the procession of children to the pro-Cathedral daily. Instructions are being given to the ohildren preparing for confirmation. On last Sanday, after catechism, the monthly meeting of the Christian Doctrine Society was held in the hall. There was a large attendance of members ; the vloe-president, Mr. Cooney, in the chair. The consideration of the new code of rales was proceeded with, one of which allows of two vice-presidents. They were nearly all agreed to in glob 0, though their final adoption was postponed until Sunday week, 31st July. Two new members were received. The Society intends shortly to distribute premiums to the children attending catechism. The new secretary, Mr. Coffee, is taking much interest in his duties, and will be a useful officer to the society. After the routine business, the meeting closed with prayer. I need not say that these associations for imparting the Christian Doctrine are very useful, especially in this country, where so many secret agents are at wotk to undermine religion in the youthful mind. All praise, then, to those who devote their Sundays to this laudable work of instructing so many hundreds of Catholic children. 