CI1A2 rEIn VIIc. s"" The journey across. the. plains was not to marked bysany very noteworthy occur- dcea rence. \\\were tolerablylsafo from In diar attacks,, since our escort numbered creel no loss than eightoon sabres, and it is bret well knownt:at the red moon, unless when lihns smarting under recent injury, avoid any i conflict which is certain to cost them dear. Imp We saw curling smoke of their:fires on1B distaunt blult' , and sosmetiunes the dium figures of shadeowy horsemen appeared for. was a few minutqson . the horizon, just as WOr weo saw cer4in .lines of black that specks, whicli ,to were told- repro- in it sested nmigrator Iherds of the bison. for But presently .buffaloes and Indians" my vanished like ghosts at cock-crow; and twer except that there was once a prairie-lire smOo of respectable . disenosions, which smight 1011 have proved dange ous, had not the wmnd eeei fortunately swelpt the billowy flames to. itl southward over thosea of grass, " we en- that countered few perils, and none but un- first avoidable and trifling hardships. .. at At Platto City, witllin the limits of the thao state ofl Missouri, we lprted with our good lto friends of tile governtentiotrain, and after some enquiry, deeiddl on availing our a selves of a farmer's offeo to:take us down s the rivor ie his broadhprn as far as Westt hod port, where we should,-beo sure to find a steamer to take us to.tl~e. state capital of Jefferson..- The largo boat, laden with golden ears of ripe maize, and manned: by as six negro rqwors, requiroed careful: steer- the iag as we uesade our way among tle shoals sas and slhallohs, the willow-fringed islands, lvht and the lhlf-sunken trees embedded in mud-bankl,., which combine .withc tile violence ef the current -to give its -bad name to tle upper watera of thle.'l Mad - Missouri.'\ But there lhad been no recent .ce rains to se\bll the turbid flood, so that the lIos stream war comparatively gentle ; while whi the farmers son, a suunburnt stripling in Ilad lhomespun,,steored with remsarkable dex- ceri terity, and!under press of sail and, oars, dce down tile niver we ent befor te e favour- du ing wind. unei Tie grinning, sable-skinned crew, who, haV like many'onfranellised slaves, had elected co0 to work for Wages under it 'reasonably good bei master, in preference to rinuing tIhe riski slho of an sltknown labour smaerket in the to Southern towns, chatted and sang gaily sigs ias they plied their oars ; but as their em- acts ployer, a heavy, elderly man, slept nearly u01 all the way, and his son had quite enough son to do with the' nianagemoent of'the tiller- s'ti ropes, Willy and I were thrown l onour re owne resources as regarded conversation. to "But, Gebrge, old boy; what'do you mean to dol'" asked my younger biothler, 'ic rather anxiously. It was by no mieans o tihe first timo that Willy had addiessed: l 'me with that pertinent question, but never with anly satisfactory result. be" "1 don't know, ' I answered, listlessly, aee letting my thin fingers dangle in the rush ing water that swirled beneath the gum.- fill wale; "saud to: tell you the truth, bi'o- ane ther, I don't much care. Not that I' do' intend to be au idler. But an industrio s sw sman who knows something of the et of can pick up a livelihood without mu of difliculty,- alid I have no right to aspire to anything further just now." - ill I sighed involuntarily as I spoke ; a su Willy looked: sadl.enoughl,. for Ihe: kl va perfectly woll theo. cause: of my Itood ste humour. My prospects were utterly pa spoiled. Thie secretaryship was gone; 'of are course, and. withc tihe downfall of thilt bo conmfortable castlo in theo air,allniy'dearest we hopes were involved in ruin. e It was'iot tic only that myinarriago with Ainie Morgan cl was now indefinitely to be deferred --for qu when could I: hope' that a fresh oppor- ex tunity of equal value should fall in my lot way ? but there was only too much pro- ste bability that the partictg between my dar ling and myself' night prove a final one. or Her father, the old vice-consul, htd' a en prejudice agaiust long engageinents,' and cr hlad more than once told iuo thkt he Would as soon see -Anniio in ser coflin, as watch se heer pining and witlieoig ing one of those the dreary, intercmiinable "tr,,tlh plights -'of 3i which in England )ve see sdinauy. :' Cap: be tain Morgan had, as I hiow, it strojng s wish to claim thie pension }o which he was Al now entitled, -aild return to hiy his bones in in tile old country; and in that 'case, true o1 as Annie was, she miglit ultimately be in- of ducdd to forgot luckllesGeolrgo Ferin as ot his imerago faded in absene? ' . u " 13y-to-bye, George, said Will, fuicb- fo ling in the pocket of a lo soe ovccbist that st formed part of hics travolfing gear, " her tbl is a letter for you. It a ived ist Carthago R before you wore- qite p'p to the miiarl' of do attending to biusiiess udIpt iti"side, b3 Seand foigot'it; until I ed it outuin huit- di ing for my truant tch-book. ' : The letter was froli Richard Brownirigg. 'c 'My old school-felloiw wrote very kindly I eand feelingly -to saiy that he had heliard, ti from smy patron on, theI Board' of the y Assurance Comlpany, to whom Willy liid h communicated tihe news iminnediately bli - ' my arrival, of my severoe illness at Carthi- w Sage: How' sorry hle tae for" my incisfor " atuno;, Dick declared his own' iniability to S: ' ucnleo me nnderstand t " hilt the dear old T ' fellow declared lthat lhe could, ibarcol tU Srestrain himself fiosn sttrting.s off acros pt the plainis (altlthouglh o horsenian, Forl, at you know); to 'udrse mid in liy fevrd fi SBut hle knew I was in better hIands, ald thati Willy would prove as 'tender ilid t thoughltful aIs acwoman- .." ' "-at :o As iegarded tle secretaryship, Browie - tl e' rigg spoko very fairlyinideed. He men- dli )r tioned, modestly enough, ',that hle hlad is been theo successful caididato. Thie r- a l st was inevitable, cwhenl my abseneo, ' as ind the .great probability that I should k g succumcb to tic.fever iin tlht wild plce, o ewhere neither goodmodicaaidevsioo r od te to drigs wore attaiciabl, had caued. tile c directors to considerno me r o~ft lf tle b r race. Browenrigg was nos "secretary to ci the Phonix' Fear West, bIut le diflidently c "t- protested tlhat lhe' toolek the preformnsnt wy- ith ma!!y regrets aud- misgivint,- Asd d tat lheo would not hlopoe to do esuclh:js eo tico to liis :principals as'' "ide 'George, ieFor,'! wouli havee doiee. : - "I' hope, sooss," tle leky nconpetito Swrote, "to soe youc ill as good " fisiscicl er- position a~s that whicli I now occupysec shall aesy exertions of mine s ed' ]t eut sbring about a good tiun of ol ed, wheel for oe lwhoo so well deserves it iee it is, I salll do msy best aid earn msy', -ces all tllhe tineo feeling that I stand il the der shoesof a better man."' 1le- --- "Now, Willy, did jyou over sooe nore let, beautiful letter]" said I, quite weily, op w chlensy brothce, l lt my desire, had troe ai i his eyeos'ver 'Dick's friendly epistle. But, tIe to ely surprise, my brother's itted ush brows and ipursed-up lips indicated very ee, differeot oplinon. thu "I,'don't quite agreco with ye this ero time,'!h said: Willy, drumnmig tl his tory forefinger on thlo thwars bkeide him. the Tlen,, after a pause, h lburttbut ie a pe.r feet flame of anger. "George, 1 can't in speak with common patience of the fellow. or You are basely deceived. A light breaks w] in upon me stronger and more strongly d as I think things over. This very man, ca this Brownrigg, is the hidden foe we fic have so long been looking for !--], and pc no other, wrote the letter that lured you fri to your ruin, and well nigh to your tic death P' "What ! Dick Brownrrig 1" said I, in- wl credulous, hurt. "'Don t speak thus, brotlher, of a dear old school-chum, of an we honest worthy man. I would vouch for dm Iris integrity anywhere. He harm meno ! bo [mpossible !" sa But Willy was not to be silenced. Iha " 1 don't say," lie persisted,' "that it Cu was Brownrigg's hand which traced the hli words of the letter, but you may be sure that his head planned the pretty scheme "1 in its minutest details. As for his regard at for you, and his. merits, George, I have tin my own ideas of both. Didn't I see him Nc twenty times at St. Louis, a smug, evi siiootll- tongued vihan, if ever the world meld one, but just awkward and rough tlu enough to get credit for a tender heart gil within an uninviting husk ! I always felt of that the man would turn rogue on tlle we first chance that roguery should be quoted grm st a premiumn. But I never dreamed w: that he would rise on your fall, build Ihis tie house, as it were, on the ruins of yours ! mr Who but lie haild anything to gain by your pu absence ? Who but lie preferred that you ga should be among the Rocky Mountains, sq buried in the garden of some prairie ti tavern, or that your bones should bleach tic beside those of the murdered on the mi plains, and your scalp dry in an Indian lodge, rather than that you should walk bu as secretary into the hiandsoime offices of yo the new Company, and draw their liberal nii salary ? You are praising afellow, George, ba who, if we lived in the Palace of Truth, co would be hissed and scouted out of the ha pale of humanity." flv It cost me some trouble to persuade tl Willy to be calm, norcould I conquer the a lhostilb prepossession towards Brownrigg's ey which had taken hold of his minner. He si had not converted me to Isis suspicions, or certainly not; but I will admit that what all le said in Isis impetuous way had pro- It duced the effect of rendering sme supremely II uncomfortable. Few of us can bear to be havd' our .iooted beliefs, our cherished hI coilvictions, roughly disturbed, without ki being made restless and miserable by time a shock; and it was anything but agreeable to ime to be *set to speculate on Brown- fo rigg's motives, and to criticise ihis char- di acter. When we have been for years bm under a firm conviction of the excellence of in someoone against wiihom a sudden accu- se sation has bees brought, the process of mi reviewing thalt person s antecedents is sure qi to bo a painful one; but it is often ' surprising how manmy petty, half-forgotten c incidents recur to the memory, and insist tl lon shapiug themselves as links in thie P !lengtheonig and strengtlmening chain of tl suspicion which our minids are forging. I tl begin to feel ugly doubts invade my soul, anad was by no means contelnt, s 13roadhorns, even with a fair wind to a fill the triangular sail of striped cotton, 0 and -with six oars to help the boat's P downward drift, do not voyage very swlftly, and it was deep in the afternoon of the second day when we caught sight l of thes.many- coloured roofs and irregular r buildings of Westport. Here, at anchor in the little fresh-water haven, were sundry market-boats and river-craft of various rig anld tonnage, and one or two steamsers,oneof whlichlatter,tojudgeby the pale wood-smoke curling in lazy wreaths P around its red-and-white chimney, was the boit bound for Jeflerson City. There was evidently some unusual stir in the s' tiny town, for cmen swarmed, black as a a cluster of flies around a hioneyjar, on the Ih quay aid pier, and the hoarse roar of P excited voices came floating to our ears c long before we reached the landing- fi stage. si s Thlsre's a muss, I'm thinking,' said s our youthful steersman : "tauin t imere c ms0.keting for produce sets all the citizens c: rnu\pling so.' S iheoa we got ashore, we found it v scarcely possible to make our way through the excited crowd of townsefolk, mixed C with couiltrytumen in homespun, with c bargemeon in red shirts, and hunters in o seini-lndias attire of bleached deerskins. s All sednsed'very angry and vociferous, and s in tl?socentro of the maob was, towering a over the heads of the bystanders, a sort a of improvised gibbet, hastily constructed J out of tho boat masts, with a long and i substantial sapling, newly cut, to do duty I for a cross beaus. As yet, this ominous structure was usfinishedl, but already from c the cross-bar there dangled a noosed rope. Round this spot tihe throng was very 1 dense1 and somewhat of a scuffle, to judge by the trampling aonil jostling and babel of I discordant voices, was going on. There were several women holding shrill con- 1 verse on the outer verge of the crowd, and I enquired of one of these the mseaing of 1 tlme disturbance. "A swindling, murdering Yankee to be hanged !" cried the thin-lipped matron to wlholl I had addressed iny question, and I who was as fiercely excited as the men; 1 " and swing lie shall, I say, whatever Mr Sheriff yonder !chooses to preach to us. ! Tlhorewasn't a Ilceister lad in the county I tlhan Nick Batcs, and his motlher's that proud and fondl of him, 'twill break her leart,whein they 'arry him back to the firmim, cold amid stiff." "By this tilie, Willy had extracted miore oheorelit' ilformation from another by sta?ider."'"It is what often Ihappens in these wild parts," lie said. " A Northern iidveutiirer--one of those fellows who omel to the Wesot to live by their wits--is accused of cheating i young farmer from Slhomi hlie lind bought some hogs at mar IIot; nultking him half drunk, and paying himi in " bogus," or forged notes. Tle trick was discovered aud denounced by a Sclever youn~ster named Bates, a cousin, I believe, of tIe dupe, anud tlhen a quarrol Sensied, anda fig:It; and the passer of the Scounterfeit, iotes, sho is I am told a t notorious rogue,made an unfair use of Isis I roeolver " \- '!Yes, Mlister, hlie did," interrupted a ~ ausn whlo had beeon listening to this ex planation; "for wlhen poor Nick had t thrbwn lim fail'in tile rough and tumble, 1 and got his knee ou his chest, the coi' ardly woodchuck begged off and asked for s mercy amd then, when he was let to rise, rapped of' two leaden sugar-pluml into ce Nick's ribs unawares--ay I and whei his p, . pistol missed fire, he knifed two citizens o afore we could tie hIis iands. So we'll mako lim dance at tile end of a cord, I'm re thlinking, in spite of sheriff and squire. y, Legal behaviour only means Jeffersoni rm Penitentiary for a villain that deserves to it, eat nio more corn-lre:d, hlie doin't. And cd Regulators' Law is good enough for ry' Aretas Woolley." Up to this momeit, my brother and I iis had taken no -eenrnc interest in the tur, his I moil thian is natural when the question of m. even a stranger's lifo anmid death is in y.2 volvod; but now there arose a new ele nment of interest. The name of Aretas, 11 one of the rarest of those Bible names by tic which perlhaps two-thirds of the descen- sc dants of the Pilgrims of New England are he called, at once reminded us both of the fictitious clergyman, the writer of the a perfidious letter that had called me away f fo froee St. Louis on the eve of the eloc- B tions. co "Aretas Wooley 1" said I. "Pray su what sort of calling did he follow ?" cx Our informant laughed grimly. " Heca war of most trades, I reckon. Thief one al: dx:y, missionary next; coiner, forger, be bonnet at a gaminig-hlouse, tutor in a school, driver on a plantation, just as he Ir huils by the names of Wooley, Carnell, al Cushman, White-which, some say, is eyi lis real namel-or Marston"-- thl But here Willy excitedly broke in- hli "'Marston ! I knew a mlan of that name the at Carthage-a broken-down schoolmaster ill that I rather pitied, and to whom I lent Never mind that now. Come, George; tra every mninute is worth a fortune l" for And so saying, Willy forced his way w" through the closely-packed crowd, drag- su ging sme after him, until we reached a sort dii of ring in the middle of the throng. Here pa were several determined looking men, we grasping a trembling, haggard wretch, whrlose neck was encircled by the noose of si the fatad halter, while a gaunt ibackwoods- n man, standing oil a cask set on end, was puttingthe last touches to the impromptu an gallows. The two magistrates, sheriff and ro squire, still feebly expostulated against ca the amunmary exercise of popular jurisdic tion, but evidently without hope of stem- lia uming the torrent of mob fury. Li "There, there. Law ' a good thing, tl but hemp is a surer, sometimes. Save your breath, sheriff. If this chap had ey nine lives, they're forfeit I" said a brawny bargeman who held the prisoner by the wi collar. The latter was a stout, light- so haired, pasty complexioned man of thirty. Ri five, respectably dressed in black, but co there was blood on his hands and face, and wi a very villainous face it was, as his wild an eyes glanced despairingly from side to sD side. They met thlose of Willy, and at pi once the captive know lim, and cried out almost in a scream--" Ford, young Ford I ac It's a judgment he should see me hanged. lie that was so kind to a fellow that had been kicked from towls to towin like a ai hlomeless dog- and how I paid him for his o kindness I Let me live five minutes, boys, s" and "- le But they would not let lhil live, even wI for that short respite. Those around him y did not laheed Isis words, and the crowd ias behhsd growing morowolfish everymoment fc il tlheir) thlirst for blood, clamnoured b so savagely for his instant execution tlat la my brother's and my own entreaties were r quito thlrown away. The conldemrned man bi -was forced to mount upon the same empty t cask set on end on which the finisher of I tihe gallows had lately stood. Several I pairs of nmuscular hands eagerly clutched the loose aend of tihe rope as it trailed upon hi the ground. a "Say a. prayer, if you choose. I count A six, and tshat ends it. Stand by, boys;l and you, there, clear the way for a run a out," bawled tlhe ruffian who seemed to t play the self autlhorised part of provost- i marshal. The crowd broke into two parts, n leaving a space clear. . Twice the white lips of the unhappy wretch moved, as if ft in an effort to speak, and when his words i found utteorancc, it was to Willy that tlay a were addressed. ia " I'll right >your brother-that job has a weighed more with me thani worse ones- 1 look in mily bag--Packclanm's Hotel tlhere- t pocket-book with all the letters-forgive I -prove-ah, Lord hiave mercy." "Six-away !" shouted twenty deep voices ; and there was a rush and a roar, and up above the heads of the spectators hung the body of the miserable wretch, palpitating in tihe agonies of death. The crowd set up a loud shout of savage satis faction'; but as for myself I staggered sick and disgusted out of the press, and r sitting down on a bale of newly picked cotton, hardly heard the oaths and out cries and discharges of firearms that greeted the completion of the popular vensgeance. "CCome, colonel ; if you're for Jefferson City you've no time to lose ;" shouted the commander of the steamer from his perch on the hurricane deck. '"I only waited to see the hanging. Time's up, and so is steam." And the snorting and puffingll of the noisy steam pipe corroborated his assertion. I looked round for my brotlher. Just then Willy, out of breath and glow ing, cause along the wharf at a racing pace. He had a black travelling.bag in his hand. "Quick, George, on board I" hle cx claimed ; "bear a hand writl your traps,l or rwe slhall be left behind. I've got the bag that poor wretclh spoke of ; though it cost me the ten dollars that he owed to the 1 innlooeeper, and a sharp run besides." There was no time for furtlher explaua tions. We hurried on board thie steamer, whliclh was full of goods and passengers bound for the state capital; and it was lnot until the voyage was over, and we Swere under thie tall roof of the Planters' Hotel at Jefferson, that my brother and SI had tinme to examaine the contents of the bag wlsiclh had formed the bequest, so to speak, of the dying forger. The papers thus found left no doubt, I am sorry to say, of the justica of Willy's suspicions concerning my friend and school comrado r Richard Brownrigg. It seemed from various documsents and nsmemoranda that there had been a long established connec Stionu betwees nBrownrigg and this Aretas VWlite, Woolley or by whlichlever of his many Iamics tleswindlershould be spokoenl .s of. He had, under some alias or otlher, Sbeen a clerk in tile counting house of Richard's late employer, and whenl dis aimissed for embczzlemcnt, Brownrigg had Sbceua uaivilling to lose tihe services of so g clever aud unscrupulous an instrumnent, a and hlad made use of hiua in more tlhan a onel underhland tranasaction. The man lsad I actually bcci sent to Cartlhage to keep 1 watch on Willy's maoveiments, while the precious sclcimo for depriving imeo of imy a almnost certain promotioaiwas being carried is iito execution. A rough draft of the letter frona the pretended minister in a Brownrigg's landwritiangwas found,foldedl a in a ihalf-completed rlapsody of the nla d ture of a confession of Wlaito's share in s, the fraud. \- I do not, even after thle lapse of years, ir like to recall the paIin whlich this discovery e, caused me. No man is pleased to lindl to that his old and trusted colmpalonl is a is black-hearted scoundrel. Buat as for as denoluncing the treaclhery f that false '11 friend who had wrought myl ruinl that lie 15 might profit lay it, thlat, to Willy's surprise 5\. and vexation, I utterly declined to do. oll Like most Englishmea who have been to educated under the discipline, anll imbibed id the ideas, of English public.s.ho'ol lifo, I r had a strong aversion to to'beariiug and I to whatever savour,-. :; school-boy par I lance, of the spy and the "sneak." To ur. leave Brownrigg to the reproaches of his of ow conscisence, and to try to earn a livin in- j by quiet, patient iudusty, seemed to mn de- the only course r-d O nor could al my brother's arguments shake my resolu- 1 tion. At last Willy, after alternately scolding and coaxing me, gave nme up as 1 hopelessly stubborn. "You see, my dear fellow, I should cut I a sorry figure in the character of an in- a former. Were I face face to face with Brownrigg, I don't pretend that I could f conunand my temlper, but I slell seek n r such meeting, nor shall I be the one to expose him to tihe world. What is done canlnot he undone, anld the less we say I about the lman and his rascality the better." Willy looked wicked, but said no mlore. I remembered, afterwards, that there was I an odd sparkle in his usually iill blue 2 eyes, and which I had noticed in them on r the rare occasions of some rebellion during t his boyhood. At the time, however, I s thought little of it, aind on the next morn ing Willy was missing. i The young Britisher took the mail train for St. Louis. He left this scratch for you, Mister," said the rough porter to wlhomi I applied for information as lie was superintending the labours of Iris subor dilnates, and lhe handed e a scrap of paper on which were pencilled the hasty words: " Dear old George, wait for ie here. I shall be back as soon as steams can bring muo.-W." 1 Three days later, before I was well awake is, the early morning light, Willy, r radiant and exulting, burst like a Ihurri cauo into imsy room. "George, old George, it's all right at last ! I'm this instant back from St. Louis. I have been to paint a portrarit 1 there." '' A portrait !" I exclaimed, rubbing my eyes and staring at thie lad. '' Yes, a portrait," answered my brother with great coolness; " and an eminently successful one it was. TIhe portrait of Richard Brownrigg. Esq., in hlis true colours. If you had but seen the fellow witl his mask off, and heard him wlhimper and snivel before the full Board of Directors, as he pleaded guilty iunder the pressure of the overwhelminig iroofs" " Wlht !" I exclaimed, ' you have accused Brownrigg, and hlie" "Dear old boy !" interrupted Willy, " did you think I would lot you be ruined, and that smooth knave triumph, because of some blundering Quixotic punctilio of sclsool-boy chivalry !. I just took French leave, and thle papers fromss the bag along with mse, and I assure you I don't believe your friend, Mr., Surtees, was so angry as Harris, his old employer, when he found what a frozen iso ke he had been warming beside Ihis hearth. The long and. tile short 'of it is that the rogue is kicked out, and the honest man brought in. You are secretory, George, to the Phoenix Far West, after all that has beeon done to bar your course. Brother, I give you joy !" There is not mucls more to be told. I havelongbeonthl happyhusband of Annie, and am still secretary to the flourishing Assurance Company known as the Plhoenix Far West, Willy is a iuccessful artist, and his pictures, when lie is not too lazy to complete one, are deservedly admired in each year's exhibition. Brownrigg I never saw more. He wrote sne letters full of penitence, more or less sincere, ansd I forgave the wrong lie had done me, and more' thau'once relieved him in his neces sity ; but lie sank froim bad to worse, was imprisoned at Vicksburg and Memphis, subsided into- tile condition of tout to a New Orleans gaining-.house, and then to that of a stevadoro on the quay, and, in the yellow fever of last hot season, perished miserably. 