THE REVISED VERSION OF A THE NEW TESTAMENT. LECTURE BY DR. MOORHOUSE. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN OOBBBSrONSBHT.) SANDHURST, Wednesday Evening. The Right Rev. Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop of Melbourne, delivered a lecture on "The Doctrinal Effects of the New Version of the New Testament" this evening, at St Paul's School-room, to an audience number- ing about 800 people The lecturer was listened to with profound attention. The Rev Canon M'Culloch occupied the chair Dr. Moorhouse remarked that he had not undertaken this task at this particular time to criticise the scholarship of those who had been entrusted with the work of revision-for considering the company engaged no one would venture on that The title of the lecture should have been " The Drift or Tendency of the New Version," but he was afraid this title might mislead some of them, and that they might imagine he meant that there was a drift in the minds of the translators This would be wrong as there was not the ghost of a drift. He (Dr. Moorhouse) had taken some little pains with this new version Some people picked out favourite passages, and condemned them He had read the whole of the new version, but as time would not permit he would only select a few of the passages by way of illustration. In the fifth chapter of Matthew, the 22nd verse, the words "hell fire' were changed to "hell of fire " The translators appeared to be a little timid and conservative, but this was excusable when the nature of the book they were en- passed on was considered, and the wonder was they were not more conservative. He thought the word " hell" should not have been left in the version, but that the Greek word in the margin, " Gehenna," should have been used. The passage was symbolical and Christ was not talking of the visible realistic, but the symbolic realistic. Again, in the 24th chapter of Matthew, 21st verse, in language which describes the future punishment was purely symbolical. The Apocalypse was also symbolical. In the 16th chapter of Revelation, 7th verse, the words "And I heard the altar saying," occurs. The words "Another out of" were omitted in the oldest and most faithful manuscripts Everyone, of course, must know that the altar did not speak, and that passage also was symbolical. the word "eternal" was rendered "unto the ages, and it depended on the context whether "unto the ages" meant for ever or an indefinite time The word "eternal" was changed in Luke xi 18. In the last verse of Jude the word " evermore" occurred-the only place in the Testament-and there it meant all time. It was interesting to note that the word "everlasting" was always translated as "eternal" in the new version. Eternal related to massage, the same as in the Greek translation. In Titus n. 2, the word "eternal" showed the time was cyclical God gave a certain system for a time, and then this would pass away and give place to another progression The word damnation" was entirely excluded, and very properly so too. The meaning of the word and become changed, and was made to mean everlasting condemnation, and had, therefore, been abolished. In Romans xiv. 23, it was rendered, "He that doubted if condemned " In Corinthians, chapter x, 29th verse, where the passage relative to eating and drinking unworthily of the body and blood of Christ occurs, the word damna- tion" had been removed and "judgment" substituted. This was simply a temporal punishment; there was only a slight reference to probation after death in the Testament, the parable of Dives and Lazarus being the only passage in which it was referred to in detail. In every catastrophe numbers must perish whose probation had not been completed. Did they believe that heathens and others like them had completed their moral and spiritual probation when the accident of death completed their existence It was impossible to believe it in the old fashion. They had to refer them to the covenant mercies of God The 10th verse of the 1st chapter of Ephesians was also greatly changed, and it now told them that Christ came into this world and took our flesh that he should so improve the minds of all that they should reflect His beautiful image and sum up all things in Christ. In the 19th verse, 5th chapter of Romans, the article " the" was inserted, and the words " the many ' meant the whole mass of humanity, which brought them to the conclusion that God's love was universal In James n., 14, the word " faith " occurs There was no doubt faith could save ; but a man having faith who hath not works also could not be saved, and this was borne out in the new translation. After some reference to the in- sertion of the word " the" in several places the lecturer said that the new version accentuated wonderfully the value of the spiritual in religion There was a great change noticeable in John V , where the whole of the old fourth verse which related of the angel of the Lord troubling the waters of a certain pool was omitted. This passage did not exist in the ancient version, and its omission was the welcome removal of a burden He said this, not because did not believe in the miraculous, for Jesus Christ was the greatest miracle, but this was a miracle of a peculiar character Several other expressions used in the old version had disappeared altogether there were some who were in the habit of making much of conversion in their preaching. There were only two passages in which this favourite word " conversion" now occurred in the Acts and in James The word really meant turning good to evil, or evil to good, and it was now rendered " turned " Except ye turn ye shall in no wise enter the kingdom of heaven, except ye turn and become truthfully independent, like little children, ye shall not find the kingdom of heaven. The turning from wilfulness to dependence was more perfect when it was done slowly and silently than when done suddenly and rapidly. The net result of the work was a drift or tendency to obliterate the sterner statements of the old version. 'The alterations were not made capriciously, nor had any effort been made to adapt the text either to the supposed historical necessities of the first century, or to the beliefs and speculations of the nineteenth century. If any change had been made in the text, it was made on the authority of more ancient and reliable man adapts and versions, and compelled by the demands of a more accurate scholarship The new version was a thoroughly honest' one, and this being the case it was surely very interesting to observe that the drift of changes coincided with the drift of modern thought It proved, with all its faults, that the drift of modern thought was healthy and truthful In this case it was to be hoped all men would be sincere, and scientists and theologians by enlarging knowledge would lead to the increase of faith a faith which is made all the more confident and assured quite as much by what it loses as by what it gains. (Loud and prolonged applause) The lecture was listened to most attentively throughout, and the Bishop was accorded a vote of thanks, which was moved by the Rev. Dr. Nish, seconded by the Rev Mr, Carlisle, and carried by acclamation 