TRANSPARENT. HAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE. " Whatia opacity ?" lio naked. " Another word for opaqueness," answered liis cus tomer, with a faint remembrance of his "Webster. "Yes, but what are the qualities of opacity ?" ho insistod, bringing tho pestle down with emphasis. "Its oualities carao the hesitating reply. " Well, want of trans-. pnrcncy, thickness, imperviousnegs to light— what do you call it, eh — density " Stop there," he said, covering tho mortar with both hands : " density is your best word. Still, I seo you do not know— that is, you havo not given tho subject so close an attention as I," ho added, correctinghimself witli nice delicacy. " Let me tell you something of what X have learnt." Ho was a strange-looking man, a Scotchman from his accent and name, and a druggist by occupation. Tho store which for years he had kept on Stockton-street was a small, low room, thrown into deeper shadow by a disproportionate awning, and so quiet and retirod that it stood but little ohanco of at tracting custom compared with the two rival establishments resplendent with colored bottles, plate-glnss windows, and a score of gas jets on tho two further corners of the B.arae block. But M'Gleachy's shop, with its bare floor, old plain counter, and sparsely-filled shelves, was not a dead institution, although in ono sense of tho word it was a deadly one, for its owner was an enthusiast in toxicology, and in that littlo room there was a collection of subtle drugs and quick essences of which most apothecaries had never heard since drop ping the viatcria mcdica for ice- cold soda water. Poor Johns of the Figaro , who, when suffer ing from tho agony of a cancer in tho pan creas, dipped his tongue into a pill-box of morphine and then went to sleep ; Johns used to say that it was at M'Gleachy's only that ho could get hiB prescriptions filled, prescriptions which usually contained agents that had not been heard of Binco tho days of tho Borgias. It was tho desperato resolvo to got rid of an in fliction of moth of rats that had brought the writor to the little Stockton-street store. But M'Glcachy was . not alone a dispenser of strange drugs ; ho was a concocter, a distiller, a practical chemist, and it is owing to the hours Bpout over fires and -fumes that ho had grown to hayo a positive alchemic unhealthiness of look. His oyes wero blearod and purple ,in tho lids,, his cheeks sunken and. Beamed with livid marks,, liis shoulders, wero crooked, his thin gray hair hung to his shoulders, Ids hands wero thin and scarred £with burns, and alto- gether, save for his costuinorho looked os.littlo like a ifigurc of this prosaic time .and town ns would the ghost of Cagliostro, What he did at night time could only bo judged of Irom Jiis wasted, weary look, but in the dayhe was in cessantly pounding something or other in a mortar, and a fashion of punctuating -his re marks with vicious jabs of 'the pestlo which sometimes brought a rosponsivo- craoldo. from ®oinPund ho was at .work upon, . andi which always resulted in an incroased, evil smell. It was with an emphasis of this sort jmi M'G!caRhy gave his views on opacity. Although in doing so lie spoke fluently enough, ho maintained a yery decided reserve concern ing the details of discovery, and contented liim- self with decrying tho ingnoranco of scientists on the kindred causes of transparency and opaquoness. One of ' his declarations is worth repeating because of its audaoity.; "You know,'! ho said, grinding furiously, " you -know, that with shoeta of glass in;your windows your house will be in light. .With Bheets of iron in the sashes your house will bo in darkness, aud that though tho iron is five times as thin as the glass. Why ? You will answer as a school boy does, 'Because glass is transparent and frn is not/ Exactly so, Take your place at the head of the class. But what makeB tho glass - transparent ; and the iron opaquo? A moment's, consultation, of your text-books and you will come up smiling with tho. answer, 'Because the rays of light pass freely through the glass, butcannotpassatallthroughtheiron.' Right again, but now comes tho staggerer, 'Why cannot tho light pass through the iron as it does through' the glass Bodge this as you will you are not able to answer it, but do not fear being sent to the foot; for that can scarcely happen- when - all your classmates aro there already.' Your text-books. cannot -tell you; indeed,- they shirk the. question intoto. Haunt the library shelves; take down Silliman, Ohm, Bird, Loomis, Deschanel, and as many othere as you will, and you .will come away as wise as you went. To tliem it is a secret, and that secret I have discovered. ' Now then,"'.he concluded " with this knowledgo in my pos session it- is just as easy for rae to give tran sparency to any body, no matter how opaque, as it is for a child to soak a sheetiof paper in oil and then look through ft, or forn " " One moment," said his listener, rising and1 moving quickly away from the wheeling pestle, " did X understand you to say that you could, see through any hody — substanco, article, you know, or through n iiybody, person, individual, as it were?" " Why, that" I can givo trans parency to any object, animate or inauimate, of course. Do you- think I should havo spent my thought and time lor years trying how to knock the opacity out of a.thundering blook of ' wood ? Ho, sir (n lungo with tho pestle in his I customer's direction) ; I can, by the applica tion of my process, see through you by it. (S weeps of the pestlo to all points of tho com pass.) I can give transparency to any one, from a Bones to a ICentzel. I tell you, sir, Professor Bell's electric inductor is a child's cheap toy compared to my discovery, and Dr. Quelquon's focussed light but as the lantern of Diogenes to a splinter from the sun, You don't believe me, of course, I haven't foimd' any one who did, except one other old fool, and he only because of the irresistible force of personal experience." " But if all this is tree, why don't you givo publicity to what must be tho discoveiy of the ago?" hazarded the ens-- tomor, smiling nt the luuatic to keep him quiet. " Who knows but that I am doing so now answered M'Gleachy, re turning the the smile. " I've been talking for tlio last half- hour to a newspaper man, I believe." "But, speaking seriously," and he paused a moment to tip out the powder from the mortar, " my reason for not having sought publicity is that I have not yet perfected my process. In deed, I have only got half way. I can make what is opaque transparent, but I cannot bring back the original opacity. But it will come, it will come. Talking about coming, you appear to have taken an interest in what I have said. You doul)t jits senso, and mine, too, for tho matter of that — oh, I'm used to'it(with a wave of a long, pliaut . knife), but' meet mo here at closing timo to-night, eleven o'clock, and I promise you a surprise inside of half an hour. Fifty cents ; thank you. At eleven, then." ' There was something so matter-of-fact about M'Gleachy, so very unlike the manner of a man with a craze, that tho appointment was made and kept. The apothecary was putting his shutters up betimes, and as ho lived but. a short distance from his store it was just eleven when they reached the littlo cottage on one of tho bluffs of Russian Hill where he resided. A sleepy-looking colored man opened the door, and was turning away with a yawn to shuffle along the passage, when M'Gleachy called after him that he need bo in no particular hurry. The negro turned, and held the lamp above his head, so that the light falling on us fell, too, on his bald chocolate-colored prown, the fringe of white kinky hair, the broad bent shoulders, and dark weazened face. He wore a heavy dazed look which the visitor first .attributed to want of proper rest, but which was soon seen to be in consequence of its wearer's dull wits.. Tho half-eraclccd apothecary had chosen a fit .serv ing-man in the fully -cracked negro. " Moro 'sperments I s'po3eV" said he, with an odd twist of tho mouth. " Yes, Johnson," said M'GIeachy, quietly, " but nothing to speak of, and here's a gentleman come on purpose to seo what nils you." At this simple fib, Johnson laid tho lamp upon a chair, clasped liis hands over his digestive organs, and doubling himself up emitted such a series of yells tliat ono would havo thought ho had a fit. At length, sitting up on the floor, where ho had been rolling in apparent agony, Johnson gnsped " What — ails mo J" (Moro yolls), " Why, I'so got a pain in my stomach !" " That, sir," said M'Gleacliy, stopping what threatened to bo another convulsion on Johnson's part by a quiet, 'there, that will do for tho present,' " that, Bir, is Johnson's great and only joke, the diagram of which you shall at onco see. Johnson, take up your lamp and lead the way." Tlio negro did as bid, and slouched aloug down a basement Btair into what must have been intended for tho kitchen, but which had been convorted by tho present occupant of tho houBe into a labo ratory, A,. retort had been fitted up on tho .range; there wore all sorta of pipes and tubing connected with the hot water boiler ; tho sink was filled with dirty bottles and crucibles, and tho shelves wero. crowded with more, wbilo just in tho eye of a lamp with a powerful re flector thore stood what looked suspiciously like nn operating chair,- Tho floor was strewn with ashes, which crunched under- foot at each stop ; dust lay on everything, and it was dear that neithor master nor servant held cloanli- o I noBH at so high a rate as- did the apostolic hero I ArsU3, " Light-tiic- fire, Johnson," said Al.'i; Icacliy, " anil then take off your coat and shirt. I saw this morning," he continued, clearing a space to sit . down 011 the littered table, "that you considered mo at least odd anilil see now that you think me little better tlinn tiie poor ' natural ' kneeling there. You tmnk that my talk about rendering opoqne bodies transparent was but wfld words, and that my boast of having discovered a secret hidden to others was hut an idle ono. . I can confi dently assure you that you iro mistaken, btrip, Johnson," he concluded, with energy stmp aud show us tiie prtin in your stomach." Tho negro slowly divested himself of his uppor garments and stood in tho full glare of the lamp not witli a -pain, but with a pane in his stomach. . Talk, about the windows of the soul,1 this man was , like a walking camera or - 1 an animated conservatory. As Mr. Spoopen- dyke might say, he only wanted a notice of Rooms to Let and a pair of darned Notting ham) curtains, to- be a regular boardin.'honse. Commencing just below Ids throat and ex- tending as far down as the abdominal re-ion with a. breadth of. say 1J inches, was- a, rectangular surface, from, which Johnson's ' colored epidermis seemed to have been cleanly out out, whilo in its. place was what at first glance looked like a sheet of plate glass, with a slight yellow tinge) through which the whole oE Mr. Johnson's internal economy could' be seen; On looking moro closely at tlio Ethiop's cleansed skin, it wa3 perceived that itsyel- owish tinge was due to tlio network of capil. . liaries which crossed and re- crossed it in countless meshes anil in a manner most won derful to , behold. The course of "tlio blood could not be appreciated in those, but in the " voins and arteries the red fluid could bo seen flowing along with a sharp, leaping motion while ns the heart tliiewdts.septum . with a, soft1 - thud against "the breast bone' the valvular system of the marvellous pump was made clear and tho aorta pulsated, like a fire hose. With each pulsation tho Jungs, which looked like: a sponge of the finest quality covering a beautiful spray of coral, flushed and filled and then paled- and - flabbed; The cesopliagus lay quiet, but the stomach wns in violentaction. The 1 cause of the commotion was thero in aH its' common plainness. In one corner- was a lunqvof Swiss cheese and in another were the- remains, of a sausage.. For one moment the : two' evidences of a late suDper lay there quietly, ns if exhausted, then suddenly the Stomasli was strongly convulsed, and cheeso '.and isausage: flew at each other, banged them selves desperately at the door of the pyjorus only to be repulsed nnd to engago themselves viciously anew. All this time the stomach trembled in pain and;vexation, theliver seemed worried and uneasy, the lungs looked op pressed, and even the heart stood still a mo- ment to .watch the conflict, and then went un- - steadily ahead to make up for a lost boat. It was a lesson to po3t-prandial gormandisers which, if once seen, would not be without its lessons. "Well; sir," said M'Gleaoljy, break ing a silence which- his visitor had occupied looking through this marvellous peephole with all. tho power of his widely-opened eyes, "and what do you think of! my diB-.- covery now ?" "It . is : Bimply astounding ' simply prodigious. But," he added in a- half whisper, for -ho saw that Johnson had gone to sleep during the inspection,, "are . you not afraid something will break ?" M'GIeachy laughed quietly. "You think be- ' cause it is transparent it is brittle," he said. "Oh, not at all ; Johnson's flesh is ns hard and firm as yours." And to prove the truth of his assertion he tapped upon the, the— window, pane witli such a sharp rap that it rattled under liis finger ' and J ohuson awoke with a start. " Now, if you can stay half an hour," continued M'GIeachy, giving the fire a poke " you can seo the final application of the pro cess to a similar patch in Johnson's back ; only if you stay I must tell you that I consider tho nature of that process my secret." Of course his visitor stayed, and ns tiie promise had been given not to pry overmuch, only generalities can bo written of. This much may be said, however : Johnson lay in the operating chair with liis back facing outward. On liis back was a square piece of green silk, which M'GIeachy rolled up liko a window-blind, dis covering a cleared patcli of an equal extent to that in front, only, instuud of being transpar ent, the skin was like horn. A rubber tube which led from tho nozzle of the retort, was attached to an oblong case lined with felt, nnd this just fitting over tho space to bo operated upon wns held tliero firmly by leathern bands buckled around Johnson's body, " There," said M'GIeachy, when this was done, " halfuan hour's — ' steaming' lot us say — and the thing will ho done," Then he commenced talking ; spoke of the painlessness of tile opera- -. tion, of tlio years of investigation lio had given tiie subject, of tho disappointment I10 had met and overcome, of the stickler lio was now struggling witli, of ' restoring nn artificially : transparent body to its normal opacity, of his belief that he could do it, -and so on/in teresting enough to listen to, but not so much so to repeat. Tlio. half hour was soon up, and rising, ho unbuckled tho caso from tho still sleeping Johnson and . looked anxiously at tho treated surface. " It's all right," he. cried, glancing around with a great look of satisfaotian on his face. " Bring tho lamp, aud whilo I hold it back hero you ' : look through from tlio front." "Look through" was just tho expression, for, witli tho lamp be- ' hind, Johnson could be looked throtigh and through. It was liko gazing into a' clock- with .: a light placed in tho workings, as wo have all seen repairers do. The lieiglith and depth of . tlio_ man's mechanism was revealed ; tho hidden . springs of action wero seen, and tho construe- tion of a body in action was. discovered. Jnst ns M'GIeachy was about to point out some ; muscular movement there was- a sharp contrac- ' " tion of the stomaoh ; tho chcoso and sausage flew furiously at each other ; thero was a tn-.' mult and heaving bolow, and J ohnson, awaking t 1 with a yell, fled from tho room. ; ... 