Astounding Fungi in Nevada Mines. .' A gentleman who recently had occasion to explore the chambers, drifts, and caverns of the old deserted Mexican and Ophir mines, says that fungi of every imaginable kind have taken possession of the old levels. In these old mines, undisturbed for years, is found a fungus world in which are to be seen counterfeits of almost everything seen in our daylight world. Owing to the warmth of the old levels afld to the presence in them of a certain amount of moisture, the *£»«l»..u-n I........ l**«*»* _u«.«9*« J-a ? n wwr «s\mA /iiiMnna firATlQ KflffiA UUIUCltl UllVC UCCIl UlUUC tu ciun dvimmv **»*«?-»»*** vtw^w. ______ of the fungi in the old chambers are several feet in height, and, being snow white, resemble sheeted ghosts. In places are what at a little distance appear to be white owls, and there are representations of goats with long beards, all as white as though carved in the purest marble. The rank fungus growth has almost closed some of the drifts. The fungi are of almost everv imaginable variety. Some kinds hang down from the timbers like great bunches of snow white hair, and others are great pulp masses. These last generally rise from the rocks forming the floor of the drifts, and seem to have grown from something dropped or spilled on the ground at the time work was in progress years ago. These growths have in several places raised from the ground rocks weighing from ten to fifty and even one hundred pounds. Some of the rocks have thus been lifted more than three feet. . . . In the higher levels, where the air is comparatively dry, the fungi are less massive in structure than below and are much firmer in texture. Some resemble ram's horns, as they grow in a spiral or twisted shape, while others, four or five feet in length and about the thickness of a broom handle, hang from the cap timbers like so many snakes suspended by the tails. One kind, after sending out a stem of the thickness of a pencil, to the length of a foot or two, appears to blossom ; at least produces at the end a bulbous mass that has some resemblance to a flower. In all the infinite variety of these underground fungi it is somewhat strange that not one was seen at all like those growing upon the surface in the light of day. Nothing in the nature of toadstools or mushrooms was found.— Vtrginia Ctty (Nev.) Enterprise. 