FICTION. (From Eu girl is, American, and soldier periodicals.) IS CHAPTER XIV. BAFFLED. The guests who had gathered at Ashton Manor to celebrate the marriage of the beautiful girl whom almost every one loved were filled with consternation at the strange events that had occurred that morning. Many who had been at the church and had cards for the wedding breakfast, perceiving that something dreadful had happened, had the good taste to return to their homes instead of following the bridal party back to the Manor House, But there were many guests visiting there, many had come from a great distance and could not return at once, and they were all congregated in the library and great hall, no one presuming to interrupt that stormy interview in the drawing-room. After Pearle retired to her own room, the earl sought these guests, and they all knew from his face that one of the bitterest? disappointments of his life had come upon him to-day,' My friends," he said, with a wan smile, " our gaieties will necessarily have to be interrupted to-day, since the bride and groom feel obliged to hasten their departure." He then led the way to the great hall, where the splendid banquet awaited them, and desired that every one would partake freely and excuse him, as he had much to attend to just then. The guests all felt that this was the wisest disposition to make of them, and although no one felt any appetite for the dainties provided for them, yet they made a pretence of eating for the very good reason that they did not know what else to do with themselves. A half-hour passed, during which Adison Cheetham, in no enviable frame of mind, placed back and forth in the grand salon, himself its only occupant, every one seeming to shun the man who had proved himself so base a traitor. He was a man whom one almost intuitively shunned, and his whole life, with one or two exceptions, had been devoid of friendship, and one of loneliness and isolation. His father had been an impoverished land proprietor, owning acres upon acres of worn-out upland and meadow, and with no money and too little energy to try to retrieve it. He belonged, however, to a good old family, but having had the misfortune to marry beneath himself, and being of a gloomy and misanthropic disposition, he had become discouraged early in life, settled down to a shiftless way of living, and died in poverty when his son was thirteen years of age. His wife e or waved him only a year or two, and then Adisun, disgusted with his home and all its surroundings, ran away, leaving only his impoverished , estates to the care of his guardian. He was, strange to say, just the reverse of his father in disposition, and possessed of an indomit- able will and energy, and early vowed that he would die a rich man-that no such miserable existence as had been his parents should be dragged out by him. His first desire was to obtain a thorough education, and with that end in view, he let himself out as a common laborer, and for three years worked with might and main to accumulate money, saving every penny of his earnings, and allowing himself only the bare necessaries of life. His nights were spent in hard study, and at the age of eighteen he was prepared to pass examination and enter an excellent school where gentlemen's sons were educated, paying half the tuition demanded, and being permitted to work out the other half by acting as usher to the preceptor, It was here that he met Richard Byrnholm, who entered a year after he became a pupil. He saw at once what a free, generous-hearted boy he was, and inwardly resolved to make him a stepping-stone to an easier life for himself. In a hundred ways he fleeced his rich young friend. He pretended to be in debt, and deeply troubled on account of it, hinting at the same time that his high spirit would never allow him to borrow the sums necessary to pay his liabilities, but at last through much urging he consented, to oblige his friend, to accept his aid, Richard good-naturedly saying he had more money than he knew what to do with, and he need never trouble himself on account of it. These debts it is needless to say were all imaginary, and the money thus obtained were put out at a good round interest for future use. Whenever the two were off on a frolic Richard always insisted upon paying the bills, and frequently handing his purse to Adison, would commission him to settle. Some- times these bills were larger than he deemed exactly just, but with his confidence in his friend, he never dreamed that many a pound in this way was slyly pocketed by the cunning schemer, who chuckled to himself over the greenness of his victim. After the loss of his degree and the prize for which he had toiled so hard, he did not get on quite so well, and at length seeing that Richard would far outstrip him in a short time, he resolved he would leave the school for a year, or at least until Richard should be out of the way, for his anger was so bitter toward him that he feared he should commit some violent act which would disgrace him, if he was continually goaded by his presence. In this way he lost the whole year of his life of which he told Pearls. The two young men had only met once since their school-days, and that was upon the occasion of Adi son's securing the commission for Richard which he hoped would result in obliterating from the earth the enemy he so hated; He had not been idle during those years, and he was fast accomplishing his vow to be rich. He had invented a little attachment to a certain kind of machinery that was paying him a large royalty , his really fine estate was fast being re- deemed, and altogether he was getting to be quite a prosperous gentleman. When Richard had written him concerning his engagement, he had rallied him upon still being a bachelor although several years older than himself. When he had at length come to Linden Grange to spend a month, and be present at his wedding, he resumed his bantering, and Adison told him he had never yet met the woman whom he was willing to make the mistress of Pelham Pines, that being the name of his estate. Richard laughingly replied that he would introduce him to all the fine young ladies in the vicinity, and he could take his choice among them, little thinking whom he would select from among all those fair ones. The reader knows all that followed, and with this bird's-eye view of his past, we will return to the rest- less groom as he paces so impatiently up and down the great drawing-room at Ashton Manor. The hour that Pearle had demanded had almost expired only five minutes remain, and he glances continually at the clock, growing strangely nervous with every vanishing minute No one has come near him during all this time Every minute had, as it were, fled from his presence as from some thing of evil, though the Earl of Derwentwater, gentle Alice Arnaut, with one or two others, had gathered at the foot of the grand stair- way, and were waiting in silent suspense for the appearance of the unhappy bride waiting for one last embrace and farewell, before she should go forth to her unloved and unlovin life. Richard Byrnbolm still lay prostrate upon the sofa in the reception-room, great heart-rending Biotas bursting from him every now and then, while he, too, was listening for the last sound of those light footsteps which had ever until now thrilled his heart with joy and hope A strange de, Press on-a weird stillness had crept over the whole house, the hour was out-she had not come] Ten minutes more went by and the bush the suspense was becoming intolerable. The impatient horses without stamped and pawed the ground, champing their bits restlessly at being kept waiting so long The servants moved about with noiseless tread, every now and then peeping into the great hall at that silent, waiting group, and wondering what would be the next act in the strange drama Fifteen minutes passed, and Adison Cheetham could bear it no longer, every sound made him shiver, every movement almost made his hair stand on end, With heavy tread and gloomy brow, he strode to the bell-rope and gave its violent pull. Almost instantly a servant appeared in the door- way. " Go to Mrs Cheetham's door, and say that the train leaves in half an hour, and I do not wish to miss it," he commanded, in no gentle tones. The servant bowed and retired, and muttering with a ghastly gun something about a desire that they " might cheer 'him after all " He passed solemnly up the great stairway, turned to the left in the upper corridor, and rapped upon Pearle'a door. There was no answer an ominous silence prevailed there as well as below. He knocked again with the same result He turned the handle, the door yielded, and be entered there was no one within. He passed through the charming boudoir to the bedroom door and rapped upon that. Still no answer. He pushed it open, he could see Fearle'e bridal dress lying all in a heap upon the bed where it had been hastily and carelessly thrown , one glove lay upon the floor, the other in a chair, the small white satin boots, with their embroidery of seed pearls, were tossed into one corner, but there was no other sign nor sound of the fair young bride in the room, The man's face began to grow white with a sudden fear, and he turned to retrace his steps when he encountered Elizabeth in the hall, ILr eyes were red and swollen with weeping, and her whole manner betrayed great sorrow and agita- tion " Where is Miss Pearle F the man asked of her. "Is she not within her room?" she questioned, evasively, and without meeting his eye, " No, and I'll wager that the very old Nick's to pay," he answered, as he stole softly down the stair- way, with a crest-fallen air, but withal a gleam of tirumphiuhis eye, for there was not a servant at Ashton Manor who could endure " Master Richard's Cheat," as he was slyly called among them, He passed straight by that group at the foot of the stairs, and presenting himself before the impatient husband, said, as he bowed with mock reverence " Madam is not in her room, sir " What I where is she then?" he demanded, in a startled tone, and with a muttered oath, I could not say, sir," replied the unruffled servant, " Go and find her-and don't return until you can bring me some message from her," he roared, and then recommenced his pacing up and down the room "What is it, John r"' the earl asked, anxiously, as the man came out of the saloon. " Miss Pearle not in her rooms ?" " No, my lord " " Are you sure of the earl asked, in a startled way "Yes, my lord There was no one in Miss Radcliffe rooms," How they all avoided speaking of Pearle by her new name I " Where is Elizabeth ?" " Up stairs, my lord I met her going into Miss Pearle's room as I was coming out, and-and your lordship," the man continued, speaking in a whisper, " the apartments were in great disorder " " Go and send Elizabeth to me," the Earl of Der- went water commanded, with a very white face. John departed, and Elizabeth soon made her appearance, her swollen eyes testifying to the fact that some deep grief lay heavy on her heart. " Where is your mistress, Elizabeth J" the earl asked, trying to speak calmly. " I don't know, my lord." "You don't know where have you been during the last hour and a half ?" Part of the time with Miss Pearle, and part of the time in my own room," " How was that, when you should have been assisting her to prepare for her journey ?" he demanded, sternly. I did assist her, my lord, to change her dress then she told me that she was not going to take me with her that she should not need me, and it nearly broke my heart, sir." The girl began to sob again, but kept looking at her sister, as if she wanted to say more but dare not in the presence of others "Well, that is very strange," he answered, with clouded brow, "of course she cannot go without you-she must have been said to have thought of I S such a thing," £ The girl now leaned forward, and whispered something in his ear. The earl uttered a low exclamation of dismay, grew white as the tie about his neck, and then, turning, bounded up the stairs two steps at a time. He burned to Pesrle's roome, and, going to her writing-desk, found there a note directed to him. Elizabeth had whispered that " Pearle was gone, but had left a letter for him " He seized it and read " Adison Cheetham can take his departure from Ashton Manor with all possible despatch, since no one will accompany him Did he think that because he succeeded in compelling me to sacrifice all my future hopes, that I would humiliate myself sufficiently to carry out that fraud-that miserable mockery perpetrated in the church to-day ? Never. I may be his wife in name-let him gather what comfort he can from that fact, since the bare fact alone remains to him, for when this is read I shall be beyond his reach And now let him beware that he does not cross my path in the future, for I will not spare him if he attempts to hunt me down. I will never consent to abide in his presence for a single hour. A little space was left, and then underneath was written : " My dear brother, forgive me for going without your consent or knowledge I cannot remain where everything so forcibly reminds me of all I have lost. I will not go with that man, and I shall be more content in obscurity. Do not search for me, for nothing would tempt me to return here, at least at present, but if, in the future, my sore heart will ever let me come back to the shelter of your care and love be sure that I shall do so. Again forgive me for the sorrow I have so rashly brought upon you al), and comfort my -Richard, if you can. Peablh " In spite of his horror and dismay at this unexpected act, the earl heaved a sigh of relief that she had escaped from the power of that villain below. He simply could not endure the thought of her going with him- he would rather have laid her in the grave, and it was with a somewhat lighter heart that be went below, taking her note with him, He went directly to Adison Cheetham, and gave it to him. " Read that, then go '" he said, sternly. With a face of marble be grasped the paper, and read the scathing words she had written. ' You have done this to cheat me of my wife !" he cried, trembling with mortification and passion, when he had read it through, " Go, and never set your foot upon my premises again," was all the reply that his lordship deigned. "I will not leave this place until the house has been thoroughly searched, you have hidden her from me, and now bring me this miserable subterfuge. I was a fool to trust her one moment from my sight, the thwarted husband exclaimed, angrily. The earl's eye flashed dangerously. " You know all that I do of this wretched business," he said, pointing to the words Pearle had written "She is gone where, I do not know, I never suspected her intention You cannot search this house, and you will leave it immediately, or I shall take measures to have you forcibly ejected," There was no mistaking the tone of this com- mand the edict had gone forth, and it was final. Adison Cheetham knew he would only bring additional disgrace upon himself if he refused to obey, and, with a look of indescribable hate and malice at the haughty earl, he turned and left the place without a word, Another moment and the sound of horse's hoofs upon the gravelled driveway proclaimed that he was gone, and a sigh of relief escaped from the breast of every one of the group in the hall who had witnessed his departure, as if with his presence some spirit of evil had flown. CHAPTER XV. GOOD BY TO THE OLD LIFE. The earl then sought his guests and explained in as few words as possible what had happened, and nearly every one expressed intense satisfaction that the girl whom they had all admired had thus escaped her treacherous husband's power. To Richard Byrnholm the intelligence was most welcome. He could better bear to think of her in almost any condition in life, than as the wife and constant companion of such a wretch as AdiSon Cheetham had proved himself to be But how had all this been accomplished how had Pearle managed to escape from Ashton Manor and no one cognizant of the fact P Something of the circumstances the e trim and his guests learned from Elizabeth, who had reluctantly assisted her. When the luckless bride sped from the reception room to her own one thought alone filled her mind to fly from the place and put miles and miles between her and the hated being who had doomed her to a life-long misery, From the moment in which she had decided to yield to his demands, she had also planned to do this thing. She had cunningly resolved to tacitly submit to the dreadful ceremony that should bind her with the most galling chains by which mortal was ever bound, get possession of the evidence that would run Richard if made public, and then hide herself forever from Adison Cheetham's sight. Render him the duties and obedience of a wife she never would, she might be obliged to yield to the letter of the law, but the spirit of it she never could she never would keep Once within her room she turned to her maid, " Elizabeth, get this finery off me with all possible dispatch," she said, at the same time tearing off the costly gloves and casting them from her, and in five minutes the faithful girl had removed the elegant wedding dress, the dainty boots and silken hose, replacing them with others more suitable for travelling. "" Now bring me the dress you were intending to travel in yourself," Pearle commanded. " Miss Pearle," began the astonished girl. " Bring it," the pale bride repeated, impatiently. "What are you going to do, Miss Pearle ?" the girl ventured to ask. "I am going to run away," she answered, fiercely. "I am going to run away from the vilest brute in the shape of a man that ever trod the earth," " Great Heaven I" gasped the maid, starting back in affright at her manner, " Now, Elizabeth, make haste if you love me," Pearle went on, more gently, " bring me the dress you were to have worn yourself-no matter if it does not fit me, it about the right length, Get your own travelling bag and put me up a few necessary articles get the bank notes which you will find in my desk, and put part into my purse and the rest into the bag " " There," she went on as Elizabeth brought the neat dark dress that she had made with so much pride to wear on the wedding journey, " that will disguise me nicely, Now work nimbly, while I put it on, and I will tell you something of my plans, but you must breathe them to no one but my brother, and not to him until I am well out of the way. I cannot tell you much for there is not time, but you must know that only dire necessity, the most abject fear, would have compelled me to the course I have pursued to-day. And ah me, all for nought. Of course I hate the man who now claims me as his wife." She shuddered at the word, " Of course I can never exist in his presence one moment. I am Being was where no one can find me, for awhile It leaders haps for ever," she added, with on expression of agony on her white face, while with fingers she fastened her dress, and then put on the mantle belonging to it, " Have you got everything I need in the Wort. asked, hurriedly. " Yes, Miss Pearle ; but oh, my dear young he, let me go with you; you are not fit to go away by yourself," pleaded the faithful girl, with a burst of tears. " No, Elizabeth, that would never do. I must go by myself, and bear my punishment alone," " But what will you do you have never even dressed yourself alone in all your life. Miss Pearle you will die if you go out into the cold world alone." " It would be better, perhaps, if it should prove so," the fair bride said, bitterly, No, no ; don't talk so wildly, be hopelessly, my lady ; let me go with you; I will serve you gladly II will go to the ends of the earth with you," Elizabeth begged, burying her face in the folds of her mi* trees' dress and sobbing wildly. " Get up, Elizabeth," Pearle commanded, sternly to keep herself from breaking down at this evidence of the girl's faithfulness. " Get up," she repeated ; "I have no time to spend in useless repining ; I must be far from here before another half-hour has elapsed. Bring me your hat and veil and your travelling shawl," Elizabeth brought them, her honest face almost convulsed with grief, and the tears pouring over net cheeks. " Now get me the darkest pair of gloves you can find that will do," as the girl took up a pair lying on the dressing-case. "Ah!" Pearle cried, with an expression of horror as she was about drawing one of them on, She had caught the gleam of her wedding-ring she had not realized until that moment that she wore one, not having been conscious when it had been put upon her fingers She wrenched it off with angry vehemence, and threw it with a motion of disgust into the grate where a slow fire was burning, " 80 perish every hope that he may have in this life, she said bitterly, and never dreamed that the impulsive words were to prove a solemn prophecy. "There I believe I am ready," she continued when the last glove was buttoned. " Now, Elizabeth I want you to go and tell William to saddle Paris.' If he asks you why or wherefore, tell him yd nise an errand to do for me in great haste. When the horse is ready bring him round to the group of poplars by the south tower door. Hasten, for I had not a moment to lose." With a nearly breaking heart, Elizabeth went to do her mistress' bidding, while Pearle sat down and hurriedly penciled those lines to her brother which had carried such consternation to Adison Cheats ham. Scarce five minutes elapsed ere Elizabeth was back again with all her sorrow at losing her dear lady, she could not help rejoicing to know that she was determined to be free. " Prince is ready, Miss Pearle she is under the shade of the poplars ; the servants are all employed in the basement and dining-room, and not a soul is to be seen on the south side of the house," she said, trembling with excitement, " Thank you that is just as I wished it, Now, good-by, Elizabeth, you have been very kind and faithful to me, and I shall never forget it, If I should never return-' " Oh, Miss Pearle, don't !" interrupted the girl, throwing her arms around her with a gesture of despair, " Hush, do not grieve so-it is better for me to go for my life here is ruined. Now do not let any one know that I have gone until inquiry is made-give me all the time you can," " Unpack those trunks," she added, as her eye fell upon her travelling trunks, which were strapped and ready for the journey, " and help yourself to a many as their contents as you like I give you anything you may choose for your faithfulness to me, Good-by, my long-tried Elizabeth," She bent forward and kissed the weeping girl on the forehead, and then, without a backward glance, walked quickly from the room, drawing a thick veil over her face as she went. She stole down the same unfrequented stairway that she had traversed the night previous, cautiously opened the south tower door and peeped out. Not a person was in sight, as Elizabeth had told her, and her trusty horse was quietly standing under the thick shadow of the poplars. She glided out, stepped lightly to his side, sprang into the saddle, and turning her back, as she believed forever on her borne, she took a foot-path that led into a thick growth of wood that stretched away to the south of the manor house, This path led at length to an unfrequented carry road, which finally came out into a small manufacturing town about five miles away. When Pearle reached the outskirts of this town, she dismounted and turned her horse's head back in the direction of Ashton Manor, then tied his bridle to the pommel of her saddle, with the intention of , sending him home alone. He was a horse that she had owned for years he had been broken when a colt for her special uSE and she had grown to love him as a dear friend, A great choking lump came into her throat as be turned his kind, questioning eyes upon her while she tied the bridle, seeming to know that something was wrong with her. She put both arms around his neck and leaned her head against him, while a sob burst from her as she murmured : "Good-by, my faithful Prince-the last familiar object my eyes may rest upon, perhaps forever Dear old horse, you and I have spent many a happy hour together, and I know you'll miss the loving hand that has guided you for so many years. "Dear Prince-good fellow," she continued, puts ting him fondly, and laying her cheek against his shining neck, as if she could not bear to let him go, while the tears for the first time on that dreadful day gathered in her eyes and ran over her pale 22 The intelligent animal appeared to know that in was in trouble, for he rubbed his head softly against her shoulder and whinnied wistfully. But it would not do to give way to her feelings now-there was no time for repairing or vain regret Giving him one last hug, and leaving a M as his sleek neck, she said, in a firm, authornWe tone: " Prince, go home now." She struck him a smart blow with her whips horse pricked up his ears in surprise, gave a Muni and was gone from her sight in less time than it is to relate it. A . "in And so good-by to all the old life," Pearle so bitterly, and with quivering lips, as he disappear from view. . . ". Tossing her whip among the bushes, she P, CRease her bag and shawl from the ground and turned steps toward the railway-station in the village " Does the London express stop here t she as > walking into the station-master as she entered waiting-room, X, PMEül is old JASS. jBTJJtfl al Orrit'l rest, man aT. "(-(Sir I ou cevs'CaMf Silver less eservingW Sic, it- is, in, 7**>*iA P.. STBt ^«JíSÜí"»^ "It do not, miss-leastwise, not regular. When his honor Mr. Ruggles wants to go to the city, then we signal it to stop, he answered, good-naturedly. Pearle knew that his honor Mr. Ruggles was the great manufactures of the place, and her heart beat fast with a nervous fear as she put her next question: " Will-it stop to-day ?" " Yes, miss it will I got word half an hour back to signal the train. A sigh of relief escaped her at this intelligence. Only three-quarters of the hour that she had claimed for herself was yet gone ; she knew the express train was due at this place somewhere about this time, and she had fled hither, hoping to be able to catch it. "Want to go up to Lunnon, miss?" asked the station-master, having noted the sigh ? " Yes ;" and, with eager, trembling fingers, she drew forth her purse and paid for her ticket. ' How long before the train will pass ?" she asked, anxiously. "You're just about in time, miss; there's the whistle now," the man returned, as the quick, sharp whistle of a locomotive sounded about a mile away. Pearle went out upon the platform, feeling deeply thankful that everything was so favorable for her escape, and glad that she had no longer to wait, since every moment of delay and suspense were torture to her. A few moments more, and then the train thun- dered to the station, stopped for one brief instant, and then People was whirled away, away toward the great metropolis, where, among the seething, surging multitude, she hoped to hide ODd be lost forever to all who had witnessed the fatal act which she had so rashly committed that day. But who can tell what she suffered mentally as she was thus speeding away from home and all she loved ? Who can describe the bitterness of her sensitive heart, or the ret ellion which rent her proud nature to its very depths ? With Byron she could have said " Every feeling hath been shaken ; Pride which not a word could now, Bows to this and, by hope forsaken, Even my soul forsakes me now. " But 'tis done ; all words are Idle Words from me are vainer still ; But the thoughts we cannot bridle Force their way without the will." CHAPTER XVI, " HOW CAME SHE HERE ?" When Edison Cheetham left Ashton Manor he was nearly beside himself with rage, chagrin, and bitter disappointment. It had never occurred to him that Penile would fly from him. He had fondly hoped, in his mad passion for her, that if he could by any means frighten or force her into a marriage with him, he would be able, by persistent kindness and devotion, to win her by and by to regard him with something like fa vol, if not affection. He knew well enough that she hated him now with allows force of her proud nature. He knew also that she loved his enemy with a devotion of which few women were capable, and he had feared that it would be a long time before she would forgive him for the part he had played to accomplish his purpose. But he had great confidence in his own powers. He was prospering in life now, and with Pearle's fortune he would be rich. He had resolved to spare nothing to win her if he could ; he would devote all his time and energies to her happiness and pleasure, and he was confident that he should succeed eventually. But if he did not, he had at least accomplished one object-he had avenged himself upon his enemy he had stolen the bride and fortune that were to have been his, and Richard Byrnholm was at that moment a heart-broken, desolate man. This had been the way he had reasoned while waiting in the grand salon at Ashton Manor for the reappearance of his bride. But even while he was planning all this she was flying from him as fast as steam and rapidly revolving wheels could take her; and then he had been turned in disgrace from the doors of his lord- ship, the Earl of Derwentwater. He ground his teeth with rage ; he muttered -uraeE fierce and deadly upon the whole family, and more than all upon his own stupidity for not having foreseen such an event. " I might have known by her manner, and by her cursed pride, and hatred of me, that she never would consent to go with me I" he said as he sped toward Linden Grange to get his baggage, for of course his visit there was at an end now. "And yet," he added, thoughtfully, " she pretend- ed that she was going to accompany me, she appeared to consent. Oh! she was even then planning to fly ; she knew that her lordly brother would never consent to let her leave him, and she knew that if she said I would never cease to haunt her "But," he cried striking his fist fiercely against the tide of the carriage, " I'll find her I swear she shall not escape me I will upset the whole kingdom rather than be baffled thus. That fortune, too-does the think to cheat me of that also? No. lamber and she shall submit to me as such, How much I could have done with her income and mine united 11 could have made the old place shine as I Would like to see it would have runforthe counrty Membership, land I could have risen rapidly in the world." With such gloomy reflections as these he traversed a distance between Ashton Manor and Linden j 656 play I THE sellers 2 cases S (Baiter 5EX-3T. 66 fishes """stumbled Act to by Jamieson, will and S ord«9.,! well! Bacon, «VJTm ?,st,E He did not alight when the carriage stopped, but Wing his head out of the window called to his 'Bring the luggage, Andrew, as quickly as pores so," he said, Andrew hastened to obey ; the baggage was fought and strapped upon the back of the carriage ; a valet then jumped upon the seat with the driver, M eating to share the coach with his master in his resent mood, and they were driven away forever mu Linden Grange. Is disappointed bridegroom gave orders to be son to the Leicester Arms, where he had decided remain for a few days at least. He would have been glad to have departed at once and forever from the hated place that had been the use of his recent mortification and disappoint- t he did not fully believe in Pearle's flight-he is a suspicion that she might be hidden safely "lotion one of the man" "Presents at Ash "nor, and he determined to assure himself re ! this before he, too, should go. lentosveral days skulking around the manor , Questioning every one whom he met can this inmates until at 'rest, in his ramblings, ""Mad upon Pearle's riding-whip, which she among the bushes by the road-side after '8 her horse back to her home. ifoteCTiZ6d it at once by its beautiful inlaid ,.,' *hlCu a had always admired, and which Rober initials engraven on it. torrent to enlighten him somewhat as to her Loveland fle hastened at once to the village child! t by throat inquiries, he learned that day of the great wedding at Ashton Manor' a young woman, very neatly clad in a dark travelling suit, had bought a ticket for London, and taken the through express which passed there at one o'clock. " Ah ! she was being whirled toward London while I was fretting and fuming and waiting for her in the salon at the manor over yonder," Adison Chset him growled, upon learning the above items. But this doubtful certainty was better than no knowledge of her movements-it at least gave him a clue, and be proceeded to act upon it at once. That afternoon found him also en route for London, swearing that he would find her if it took him his life-time, and every penny of which he was post The anxiety and excitement of the last two weeks had worn upon him sadly, strong man though he was. He had passed many a sleepless night, while the passion to which he had given vent on the morning of the wedding had exhausted his strength not a little, and when he found himself comfortably settled in a compartment of a railway carriage, which he had secured to himself, he lay back in his seat and gave himself up to the first real rest he had had for a fortnight. He had nearly a hundred miles to travel, and it would be almost evening when he reached his destination, and fearing no interrupt tion, he soon dropped into a deep and dreamless sleep. The hours went by the train thundered on its way, bearing its precious human freight who were all unconscious of the mournful tragedy that was to rudely shock them before the day was done, Seventy-five miles of the way were safely traversed ; all was well, save that the train was a few minutes behind time. This, however, could easily be made up by judicious crowding, and the engineer gave himself no uneasiness on that account. Away-away they flew over the intervening miles fields, fences, and villages seeming literally to fly past them. Only a short distance further and then the heaving, panting monster, that mighty, tireless giant would become silent and motionless, while the now passive crowd would pour forth from the long train and depart upon their several ways. Already the smoke, which always hangs over that great city, could be distinguished in the distance nearer and nearer it seemed to come Fifteen minutes more, and, God willing, all would be well, A black, gaping, wide-mouthed tunnel suddenly receives the human freighted Rain ; it is lost to view then emerging, passes safely through a curve somewhat bold and abrupt is rounded, when an what is this object just ahead The faithful engineer utters a sharp cry of dismay his heart bounds wildly in his bosom, then as if suddenly paralyzed, drops back like a lump of lead the shock leaving him almost without strength his face blanching to the hue of death, while every separate hair upon his head seemed to rise on end, He had seen only a few rods away, and standing between the rails directly in the path of his rushing engine, a dark robed figure, like some stature curved in dusky marble, panic stricken and motionless. He gave shrill sharp signals for " down breaks,'' and instantly reversing the engine, opened the escape valves, using his utmost endeavour to slacken the speed of the train, Still that figure stood without motion-apparently without life ; he could now distinguish the white set face, the upraised clasped hands. Oh ! if it would but move. Why did it not spring aside from the horrible danger menacing it The engine labored, jumped and creaked, and groaned like some huge wild beast, hungry for its prey, and resolutely determined to overleap every barrier. The engineer shut his eyes to the sight he knew must greet them, while a sickening, horrible thrill ran through every vein and nerve. A moment of awful suspense, a wild, unearthly shriek, a hardly perceptible jar, and then the engines panting like some mighty leviathan in its death throes, its strength exhausted, its dreadful work of destruction accomplished, subsided into silence and repose. The engineer thrust his white, horror-stricken face forth, and looked back along the track. A shudder shook him from head to foot, as he saw, S \ not far distant, a heap of something lying between the tracks, " Great heavens ! it is a woman !" he cried to the fireman, and jumping to the ground, he sped back toward the silent object. By this time every passenger was on the qui vine. They had heard those startling whistles, proclaim- ing danger ahead ; they had marked the efforts to slacken the speed of the train, and many a heart had grown faint with fear lest some fearful calamity was about to overtake and destroy them just as their journey was done. Great was their consternation upon learning that a woman had been killed, and hundreds left the carriages to look upon the poor unfortunate victim. The engineer had been the first to reach her he had lifted her tenderly in his arms, borne her to a grassy spot not far distant, and laid her gently down, straightening out her limbs, and smoothing her clothing decently over them. '. Are you sure she is dead ?" some one asked, " Yes, she is dead," he answered, with a face of anguish, " and the first one I have killed in twenty seven years of service. Poor thing ! and she so fair and sweet to look upon, too." The tears streamed over his face as he bent over her, smoothing the heavy hair from the fair brow, where a great bruise suggested how the cruel work had been done. She was a young woman of apparently twenty-one or two years, and her face was very beautiful, save that unsightly mark. Her eyes were closed, and their dark fringes lying against the white check, made it seem still fairer ; her nose was small and straight, the mouth full and sweet in expression, the chin beautifully rounded. Her rich, abundant hair had become disarranged in her fall, and fell around her neck and shoulders in a profusion of rippling waves. Her form was slender and graceful, and looked very trim in the neatly fitting dress she wore. The small white hands which the tender hearted engineer had reverently folded over her still breast were as fair and delicate as any high-born lady's in the land, and on the third finger of her left hand there gleamed a wedding-ring. " Who can she be ?" " She is married ;" " how came she to be walking on the track ?" were the queries and comments which were heard on every side, as one after another of the anxious passengers came to look, and then turned heart- sick away from the sad sight. " How did it happen in the conductor asked of the almost heart-broken engineer. "I don't know, sir ; it seems as if she might have saved herself, if she had had her wits about her. We came upon her, just as we rounded yonder curve, saw her turn and look back as I whistled, and then stand still as if panic- stricken. Just before we reached her I saw her fall ; I think she must have fainted from fright ; I did my best to stop the train and the force was nearly spent when the engine hit her if she had been a rod further on she would have been saved," J to "Are there any bones broken?" the conductor asked. "None that I can discover, said a physician who had been examining the woman. " Neither of her arms or legs are broken, but there may be some internal injury which caused her death. " Mr. I yes, and that cruel bruise on her forehead ! poor child, poor child 1 and the first one I ever killed in all my twenty-seven years of service," moaned the remorseful engineer, with quivering lips. " The bruise could not have been the cause of her death, I think it is not in the right place; there must be some internal injury," replied the physician. " Are you sure, sir, that she is clean gone ? can nothing be done in the engineer asked, eagerly, seem- ing to gather something of hope from the medical man's words, " No, nothing can be done ; there is no pulse, no heart-beat no breath ; she is past all help, was the end reply. Still the passengers kept coming and going there was quite a crowd gathered about the unfortunate woman, when all at once there came from the midst of it, a startled, horrified cry : " My God! how came she here " That was all, but every one standing there heard it, and turned involuntarily to see whence the words came. There were white, scared faces all about, but among them all there was not one that appeared to be more so than another, and a solemn silence dropped over the spot as they waited, expecting to see some heart-broken father, brother, or husband rush forward and claim the lifeless body. But no one moved-no other word was spoken. " Who said that does any one know who the unfortunate creature is; demanded the conductor, glancing sharply around. There was no reply, and he repeated his question in a louder tone, but with the same result, and a wondering expression came into every face, while whispers and surmises flowed from lip to lip. Whoever had uttered that cry- whoever had spoken these words, seemed to have some powerful motive for keeping silent, upon second thought. Only two men among the crowd knew who had been so startled upon beholding that white, still face upon the grass ; or who had given utterance to that frightened cry and those terrified words, The woman's pockets were examined, to see if they could discover any clue to her identity, but nothing was found save a small purse, which contained a pound note and a few pieces of silver. The conductor, after consulting a while with some of the passengers, ordered that she be lifted into the baggage carriage and laid upon a pile of shawls and cloaks that had been volunteered for that purpose, every one seeming to feel a sort of tender pity for the beautiful stranger who had come to such a sad and untimely end. The train then moved slowly on, reaching its destination nearly an hour behind time, The body was given into the care of the proper officials, upon reaching the city, to be carried away to the morgue, there to await identification and the busy throng went its way. As Adison Cheetham stepped upon the platform from the carriage in which he had been travelling, he met his valet, who was awaiting him, and who on beholding him started back with and exclamation of dismay, " Are you ill, sir ?" he asked and well he might ask, for the man's face was perfectly colorless, and wore an expression of horror beyond description, He was shivering as if chilled through with the cold, and his teeth chattered audibly, " No," he replied, gruffly " but after such a cursed fright a man may be expected to look ill. It is enough to give any one the horrors to be startled from a sound sleep by such unearthly noises, and then told that we were all going straight to-." The place of which he spoke is universally conceded to be a very warm one. Did you get out to look at-the-her ?" inquired his servant, with an expressive shrug and emphasis, His master swore angrily. " What should I want to get out and look at a mangled corpse for ?" I had enough to do to quiet my own nerves after such a shock. I would give a hundred pounds if we had come on some other train. Ugh ! what have they came within ?" he asked, with a shudder and, glancing fearfully around, as if he feared that the ghost of that unfortunate woman was about to rise up and confront him. "They are just taking her to the morgue, sir; there they go now, his valet answered, pointing to two men who were carrying a rude litter, upon which something strangely and fearfully suggestive lay, covered with a black cloth, Addison Cheetham started violently as his eyes fell upon it, and muttering another oath, he turned quickly from the sight, " I'll go to the cafe and get a glass of brandy to steady my nerves, while you attend to the traps," he said, and then walked abruptly away. Andrew procured a carriage, had the baggage transferred to it, and then went to call his master, for the driver was anxious to be off, in order to return in season for another train. Darkness had settled down upon the great city, A fine drizzling rain was falling, and the air was keen and chill. It seemed likely to be a dismal, uncomfortable night-one to make the traveller long for his own snug home, with its cheerful lights, its blazing fires, and kindly faces. ] The street lights flickered and flared, shedding 1 ghostly rays around, making the gloom seem even ' more gloomy than it really was, by contrast, and casting weird shadows among the many vehicles which were waiting to receive their passengers at 1 one end of the station. But as Addison Cheetham came forth and entered his cab, and gave his order to be driven to the "Langham," something more substantial than a shadow might have been seen to move away from the side of the carriage which he had entered, and glide quietly away into the darkness. (To be continued, The telephone has been adopted on the system of the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway company, and during the past few days several of the principal offices have been connected, A new Russian paper, entitled the Free Word, has been started at Geneva, It is an advocate for constitutional government, and professes to be equally opposed to revolution and reaction. Charles Whiteman, valet to Viscount Parker, was sentenced, on Monday, at Marlborough Police Court to six months' hard labour, on a charge of stealing a quantity of jewellery from his lordship. Mr. Carter, the representative of a London firm, has been robbed of a case of jewellery value £2,000 in Belfast. He was transacting business in the town, and was staying at an hotel. In Flint, Mich., there is a piano that was built in 1840 It is still capable of putting the next door neighbour into spasms when the right girl is present to do the pounding. Though, imprisonment for debt is nominally abolished, it is not so in reality, because if a debtor neglects to obey the order for payment he may be sent to prison for contempt for disobedience of the judge's order. 