SPORTING. THE CLARE RACES. The annual reunion on the Bungaree pas- <*> tun[?]d in connection with the Clare Racing Club took place on Tuesday, March 15, when beautiful weather favored the proceedings, and iitsrlj I,SOo vlt-itors journeyed tatbe racecourse to r j«i« es tte f port. Foe the past two or three «-sm.? a this ?lub has extended its meeting over ta<. C 8)«, end provided four advertised eventi fur t fcli day; but last ;e-- r, owing to several eius-s ulnzh oo not nted recapitulation here, the two days were found to be in excess of the requirements of Northern sportsmen, and it was resolved that the present gathering should terminate in one act so to tpeak, and consequently five advertised races, in addition to the usual Hack Race, went to make up a tempting day's sport in place of the two days' shorter programme of former occasions. That this ana* a beneficial alteration both to the club and visitors the result of Tuesday's meeting amply testifies; the stakes being larger, the racing better, and the attendance considerably greater than at any previous meeting. The difficulties under which the dab labors will be easily understood when it is considered how all-absorbing an inte rest is concentrated in the combined meeting at Laura. At the latter place a very heavy pro gramme is cow annually discussed, while a large amount of speculation takes place on the prin cipal races there decided; so that owners of horses having engagements at Laura naturally fight sby of imperilling their chances of success at that place by risking a penalty through win ning at Clare, and so perhaps putting the victorious animal at the latter place cut of court at the Great Northern Meeting. It has been suggested that the Clare folk should fix their meeting at a date subsequent to the big sister gathering, say the week after, so as to make it conveuieat for horses travelling down f rum Laura to sto > at the northern metropolis «v route lor head quarters ; but as Mr. Crabb, their experience i hoc. secretary, not unrtasonabjy avers, be*ten faorcesare butsleiider r^tds en «vLich to depend, while at the same time it must not ba forgattan that a nearer a?d k.sstx^^aive road t iT'tjjrti fiom the northern is that opf-Ltd up by the new railway via Hallett, ?u?l probably, um!<\- C 3 a boree were very lenientlj deaii with at Clare, tiie additional expense and jouiccy eutaU^d by running him there would 'hardly bo risked. Under all the circumstances ie is doubtful whether had the present meeting been held after Laura, as sugga&ted;, mote horsas would have competed, or more iyt t r<a,t have been evinced than was actually the case. The real secret why such small fields contested the different events on Tuesday, however, lies we think, in tiie fact that the meeting was not worked up half as much as its impertecee deeerved. We do not for one moment meaa t j say that Mr. Crabb did not do everything tha1; lay in his power as secretary, for, excepting tha email fields, the meeting was otherwise a grea1; success, but the fact is that unless a club hat almost unlimited meane at its disposal, and can afford to advertise as large as the Great Northern Club has done, or baa patrons of sufficient influence to ensare the attendance of numerous bones, tbe work thrown upon the shoulders of one individual is certainly oat of all reassn, and far more than he cau beexpeoted to successfully accomplish. Had Mestra. Harvey and Barnard for instance been induced to work in with the Glare stewards as Adelaide repre sentatives, no doubt more entries would have been entertained, and we think that unless there is come kind of influential co- operation of this nature next year, the club would do wisely to spend a little more money in advertising and a little less in stakes than was done in the present instance. Beferring to the details of the meeting we were pleased to notice the patronage of a large division of Adelaide sportsmen on the present occasion; the bookmakers, too, were well repre sented, while the attendance ot the general pub lic was in excess of last year by a considerable number, dare has always been a popular reccVzvouej Us stewards are popular men: its situation, for beauty, is second id none in the colony; and its meaus of approach are easy and varied. The 4.45 train on Monday afternoon was literally packed with visitors, most of whom Ittt it at Saddlewcrtb, proceeding thence by ecsrh to their destination; otbers preferred the route vis Farrell's Fiat and Hill Kivcr, which is shorter but not quits so cheep or picturesque. All, however, got to headquarters before half-past 11, and many and difficult were the bargains drivtii with tlie horelkcc'pcrs for accommodation upon arrival. "Very sorry, fir, but I really can't find roam for jcu to-night," was the general answer to those improvident ones who came unpeeceddd by telegram or letter for room. Somehow or other, nevertheless, one and all managed to find quarters, and the weary dust-begrimed travellers of the previous eight turned up on the Tuesday icoriiicg '"as pink as daisies," a&d; little the worse if cot all the better for their hardships of the evening before. A move was made to the racecourse about 11 o'clock, and by noon the stand and enclosures presented a busy appearance, the former locality being appro priated as to its upper etory to the use of the fair sex, wbo were there in great force and took the liveliest interest in the day's races. Apropos of the stand, we were very pleased to notice that the noisy band that did so much to disturb us last year by discoursing those tunes which we knew ao well, bat which they played ao badly, were happily conspicuous on the present occa sion by their absence. Before dealing with the races we must not forget to mention that two four-in- hands were tooled down to the course by Messrs. Bowman and Young respectively, and lent a metropolitan aspect to affairs; the booths and refreshment stands, besides the usual racecourse fair, were plentifully repre sented and patronised, while old Joe Freeman, the quondam owner of Cupbearer and other notable South Australian flyers, did mine host of the grand stand with his usual suavity and taste. The meeting began at half-past 12 with a Maiden Plate of 30 eovb., to which a good deal of interest attached from the meeting of the unbeaten son of Honesti&hand; Euterpe, Dutch man, and the Moor. Local speculators pinned their faith to Mr. £IcKamara's colt, but the Moor, cleverly bandied by Phillips, beat him at the finish, by a length and a half .though had the race been six furlongs instead of eight the positions might possibly have been reversed. The winner is by Tregeegle out of Miami, and has ran once or twice in public before, but until winning this race has not hitherto secured a bracket, nalesa the Dutchman improves a lot before the Great Northern he can have no ahow of winning there. The time was fair, viz., 1 mm. 51| sec. After the race Mr. Savill reported Morrison, the rider of Dutchman, to the stewards for ft>al riding and for striking the jockey Phillips with his whip during the race, at the tame time pro testing against tis being allowed to ride in the Oup for fear of a repetition of similar mis conduct. As the evidence on the subject was somewhat contradictory nothing came of it. The Clare Oup was the next event on the card, and for this all the four colored went to the post, Mountaineer being most in request, though Aurora trod very closely on his heels. The losal talent were all on Shamrock, while Gunn, the other runner, was friendless. Mountaineer locked ss if a little more trcrk would hsve done him geod ; Aurora teemed well; but Shamrock, although es herd as Eaib, didn't carry that healthy look with him that he wore at Morgan when he beat Pomona, which caused him to retire in tbe betting to 7 to 1 before the flag fell. Tfce hi?tory of this contest can be very briefly dealt with,for Shamrock, alter indulging Gunn with tbe lead for a mile, never had the slightest trouble in shaking off old Mountaineer when they began to race, and won very easily by a couple of lengths amid great cheering, Aurora, wbo passed the favorite half-way up tbe straight, being eecend. Tbe time was 3 mm. 33-| sec, being a little faster than last year's. Directly the rase was over, however, Mr. Je&kine;, on behalf of Mr. Bom T. Keid, the owner of Aurora, entered a protest against the winner on tbe ground of roisdescription, stating that be bad run at Wbyte-tarcowie hut year, under the name of Little Back. Evidence oat being forthcoming, tbe stewards decided to hear both sides on tbe following day, and the matter remains in abeyance. Should the second horse get the stakes tbe bookmakers will be struck, as Aurcra and Lacy were backed in the doubles, and the former in the Cap straight oat to win a good stake, bat if Mr. deary's representative get tbe stakes they will be on the right side of the ledger over the meeting. As this affair is at present undecided, we retrain from giving par ticulars of Shamrock's pedigree or performances, but whatever the result of this investigation may be, two facts were indisputably gathered from the result of the race. One is, that a good country horse at a light weight is not to be despised even in fair company; and the other, that from the manner in which Aurora and Mountaineer collapsed, it is plain a mile and a half to a mile and three-quarters is the extreme length of their tether, for neither horse possessed tbe ghost of a race when the distance-post was reached. The Wegga Cup hero has evi dently seen bis best day, while Aurora—useful mare though she be—has plainly been consider ably overdone, and would be all the better for a few months' retirement. After the usual ad jourfiment the principal event of tbe meeting— tfce Steeplechase—came on for decision. All tbe eight runners on the card appeared to do battle, tbe favorites being Lucy and Biackfish, while Mistake, Peter, Warrior, and Wfcitefoot were all well supported. The race, excepting that part oi it that was routined to Lucy and Peter st the finish, was disappointing, for oat of the eight starters only three managed to com pare tfce comve—we cannot cay "compass tbo dUtaLce," for &s; a matter of fact no animal iv the race went the advertised three miles at all. Owirg to some misunderstanding which rename a complete mystery to every one, tte riders seemed to understand that they only bad to go over the double in front of the stand twice, whereas they should have gone round thrice and then finished ; aad what is more extraordinary still the astute Mr. Crabb biniielf was apparently ignorant that this immense blunder bad been committed until it was mentioned to him some time after the race! However, '-All's well that ends well," and as every cue.seemed satisfied with, the result nothing much was said about it; but iteertainly seems a very easy thing for jockeys to misunder stand the Clare course, and this goes a long way in favor of Beanehamp's story to the Clare stewards when charged two years ago with foul riding on Selector. The race was run at a great pace throughout, Lucy and Warrior lead ing for the first round, when the latter ccme dewn a regular cropper at the second fence of the double, and left Lucy with a long lead of Peter and Whitefoot. On the far side, opposite tbe booths, Peter raced np to the leader end challenged her at the last jump, which they cleared almost together, bat directly the pair felt their feet Mr. Savill'e mare left her opponent without an effort, and won comfortably by two lengths; Whitefoot, who declared 6 lbs. over weight, and who was fast closing on the leaders, being a moderate third, about fifty yards off. Although Trump and Biackfish persistently re fused, and mistake, Warrior, and Mua Banter kissed their mother earth, fortunately the unseated jecK ys escaped witb a shaking, though it was at first feared that Oorbett bed received sutae severe injuries. The double at this meeting ia a very awkward one, the jumps being much too close together. It would be a judicious charge next year to widen tbe gap between them, as ? horse has not sufficient time to get into hi* stride Benin alter clearing the first jump before reaching the second. Every jear there is a tasty fall at this place, aud tbe stewards EhonM (see to the alteration Le'Lg effected before the next meeting cornea rcuuJ. The Short?, of i>o cove., followed the big n?ce, icd of tLe f-ve entered Miss Harriett aiid Aurora, ibe latter of whom pulled up lame after tLe Cui>, ivere absentees. The race waa simply a match between Moor and Dutchman, for Tocal, & local horse, gut cti co badly that whatever chance he uaijjht have possessed was extinguished before the race really began. A great many still clung to Dutchman, who declared Sh lbs. iver weight to accommodate Nesbitt's ulouut, aud expected the shorter distance would suit him better than a mile, but tae c!ever divisiaa laid to 4 on the winner ct th« Maidens, who put up an extra 3 lbs. for Geoghan. The latter never gave his backers the least uiieasiuets, for afte* waiting on Dutchman to the straight he cams away and won in a eauter. The appearance of Alethein the Bungaree Stakes did not deter many of Mountaineer's friends froan supporting the old hone, though before the flag fell 4 to I was freely laid on Sir Thoa. BlderV filly. The race was* perfect farce, for Aiethe won from end to end without giving her opponents a chance. A Hack raoe of 15 soys. concluded a fair day's •port, and although the fields were small and speculation limited the racing was above the average of country meetings and of a fairly interesting description. The totali zator worked by the elab was a very tame affair. The tickets should have been a pound instead of ten shillings, and at least three more clerks ought to have been employed. Taking the meeting altogether it may be termed a suc cessful one. and certainly a little better than the one held last year; and if the racing did not quite tastain the prestige enjoyed by the Clare Club it was at least creditable, and will in all probability if the above suggestions are adopted be better next year. There was no wagering on future events, though one speculator would have taken 400 to 100 about Kuetex for the Great Nortberi Steeplechase bad this price been forthcoming. t?y Telegraph.] [From our own Correspondent.! Clare, March 16. After a long and very patient bearing, th> owners of both Shamrock and Aurora bein; represented by counsel, the stewards of th i Clare Racine Club have decided that the stake i won by Mr. Oiears'e Shamrock in the Clar: Cap on March iS be paid to Mr. Boss T. Reid1 Aurora, who ran second, on the ground tha Bbarcr<ck ran at Wbyte-Yarcowie on St. Patrick's Dbjt last jear in the same of Yonn j Buck. A large camber of witnesses were examined on both sides, aud after careful de liberation the stewards have acquitted Mr. Cleary of any intention to def rand. The case has caused great excitement, a large amount of money depending on the decision. The totalizator dividend, which has been beld in abeyance by the dub, will now be paid to the holders of Aurora's tickets. 