KIAMA AGRICULTURAL SHOW. ' J ._-A-. - [BY TELEGRAPH.] (FRoM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) KIAMA, THURSDAY. \- - - - - . -i J. mu The second day of the Kiama show proved fine. The attendance was over 2000. The principal business of the day was the parading of the hackney classes, and it was generally admitted by visitors that the display made was the grandest ever seen in the colony. Sixteen paraded for the best level paced hackney, and after considerable trouble, the judges, Messrs. Yeo, Greaves, and Badgery, awarded the places at follows: H. Love's chestnut gelding, first; W. and J. Buchanan's Gsntlike, second; R. Gordon's Blaclrie highly commended; T. Love's and E. Tait's horses, were commended. Out of an entry of thirteen, after some clever jumping, E. H. Weston's Kyogle took the prize for jumpers, J. Calvert's bay being second. In the pony class Seymour took first, Weston second. Eight single buggy horses paraded, a well-placed lot, the best unmistakably being G. Somerville's Trump Card gelding j J. G. Johnston took second place, with a neat mare. The ring was surrounded by an, immense crowd, to witness the parade of hackneys ridden by ladies ; of these a score appeared, an excellent lot of hacks, more than three-fourths of them being of superior quality. The prizes fell as follows c W. C. Craig's chestnut, first ; W. and J. Buchanan's Darkie, second ; Tate, Brothers' Gay Lad, third ; R. Gordon's Darkie, fourth ; (r. Couch's Shamrock, fifth ; T. Woods' Last Trial, sixth and Cole, Brothers' Darkie, Seventh. There were several special prizes awarded in this class. The prize for the best lady rider was awarded to Mrs. W. J. Dawes. The show dinner, last night, was a complete success. About eighty sat down, the president of the association, Mr. D. L. Dymock, being the chairman, with Dr. Tarrant and Mr. J. S. Farnell, Ms.L.A., in the first places of honour. These gentlemen responded to the toast of the Parliament. Dr. Tarrant said that the railway ceremonies at Albury and Dubbo had kept many members of the Legislature away from Kiama ; but he was happy to have a gentleman so well respected in the district as Mr. Farnell with him. He knew that had a railway existed several visitors from the metropolis would have come. Mr. Farnell stated that he had not come to the district to make a speech, he had selected the trip to Kiama as preferable to going to Albury or Dubbo. It was not his first visit to Kiama. As far as Parliamentary affairs were concerned, he feared he was becoming worn out. He could not say much of the Parliament, as he had not had the opportunity yet to gauge the members, worth ; but he knew that in Dr. Tarrant Kiama had an honest member. (Cheers.) He could say that he had not come down to see the Kiama ghost, and he might ex- plain that he was satisfied to be laid on the shelf, and would sit and support the present Govern- ment so long as their measures deserved that support ; ; perhaps until old Henry and old Jack died he would never he afforded a chance to take the reins. As far as office was concerned, he had at least compelled those who followed him in power to pass many useful measures. He feared much that in a Government honesty did not suit. He had voted against the Illawarra railway, because at the time the measure was before the House he did not think the district of the south should have that which was denied to other parts ; but now he felt that Illawarra should, like the North, have a railway, and he should support both lines, as ordinary roads should give place to railways, and he could not see why the coast district should be neglected while far-away places, South and West, were favoured. In responding to the toast, "Success to the Kiama Association," the President said that after this show, he was happy to say, the association would have at least £600 to its credit. 