Au Irißh Story. O'OALLA.GHAN-B UIEN'S SECRET. Br RICHARD DOWLING. O'CAI/TJAGHEN-O'BBIEN, of Holywell House, or, as he was universally called in the neighbour hood, Brien, of Holywell, was a rich man fora county gentleman in Ireland in the daysj when to be an Irish landlord was tobo someone. He owned two thousand acres of good Tipperary land. Ho was an easy landlord, and during the 13 yean he had been master of HolywellHouso he never advanced the rent of a tenant. Tho tenants looked up to him with filial aiTeotion, and he looked on them with paternal eyes. Nob that he was a free or communicative man. On the contrary, he WUB solitary and taciturn; bnfc hiB desire for seclusion and silence did not spring from any morbid dis like to his race, or any aversion from his fellow man. His words, when ho did speak, wero always kindly, and his actions more kindly than his words. He had never donc a harsh deed in his life, and a mere list of hiB good actions would take an hour to rehearse. He would roam over the farms of his estate, and say a few words to the workmen in the fields, and drop linto the farmers' parlours, and have a chat, an4 may be " tile Ja^ti taist in life QÎ a dhrop of whisky, yer honour." to keep the cold ! ont, if it were cold, and to keep a cbill off if it were warm. He would talk of cattle and sheep and horses and pigs and crops and fallows and pas turage, and all the ills that farm- flesh, and blade, and grain are heirs to. Once he said to Fahey, of Moonamintrah, " Fa hey, that barn is in bad order. It would be only throwing away money to try |and patch it up. I don't want you to rebuild it all by yourself ; but if you will pay half I will pay the other half, although, by right, I ought not to lay eut a penny on the estate." " Thank you kindly, your honour," said Fahey, gratefully. " And I'll be very glad to put down my half. I won't keep anything dark from your honour, but I have a trifle of money in the bank, and my be def, sir, is, it would be to more advan ! tage on the farm than in the bank." j " You are quito right, Fahey. I am not going to run up the rent on you because I see you are keeping yourself and your place tidy. Never grudge yu ur wife a cloak, or your haggard a gate, because you are afraid if I see you taking care of your family and the farm I'll think of raising the ! rent. Good-bye, Fahey." ^"Good-bye, and God save you kindly, your honour; and may you be longspared to us. Amen. I And when Miss Attie comes to be our mistres-" ! "Ay, ay, ay. All right, F.ihey. I'll send a builder to look about the barn. Tho old stones will do over again, and any more you want you can send to my own quarry for, and take them, hut you'll havo to draw the stones with your own iarb and horses. And you can have lime and sand from the kilns and the pit in the same way. They ire thinning the Cloona plantation, but that wood will not bo seasoned in time. But I'll ask old Connolly what seasoned timber he has in the wood yard, nnd try if ho can't manago it somehow, so that we'll have to divide tho cost of only a few hundred of bricks,tho slates,und the labour; for, mind, I'll have no moro thatched roofs on tho estate ; and the half won't come heavy on either of us." And he walked away, making a gesture com manding silence. Fahey stood looking after his landlord for a long time, and when the figure of the owner dis appeared, Fahey hit his thigh a powerful blow with hiB open palm, exclaiming, "Well, now Î ?ee that I" Which expression, although very vulgar, waa no more in Fahey's mind than an uttored note of exclamation after profound unex pressed emotions of admiration, gratitude, and loyalty. Anothor day O'Callaghan-Brien met old Billy Quann. " Quann," said he, " why don't you try and do something with that wet bottom under the well?" " It's^ bog, runk bog, your honour." " It is not bog," said tho owner, " and you kX}vW thftu aß well as any maa °ft tho estáte. It IB only a wet bottom. Ton are making no née of it now, are you P" ! " In tho summer, when it's dry, I tura in tho cows there for a bit, and maybe they got a mouth ful, and maybe they don't." ? ' , ." " How much is there in that bottom P" j " Better than five acres." .\ " And how much do you pay me for it P" "Three half-crowns an acre a year." " But it's not worth that to you?" j " No, your honour ; but to speak yon fair, the other land is profitable, and makes ap for j the bottom." . j " How much do you think it would coBt to run a drain from tho lap of the bottom to the stream just above Ryan's mill?" " Well, I asked that question of Ned Doherty, a most knowledgable man, and he said it would take every ghost of a hundred pounds." " Now, look here, Quann ; if you cut the trenches ia the bottom, I'll bring a pipe from Ryan's, although if I thought only of justice I ought not to sink sixpence on the land. Of course your rent will be as now." "The Lord be good to you, sir; and may you long live to rule over us. I'll cut the trenches with all my heart, and a hundred thousand bless ings on you for what you say about the rent ; and it is proud I am to think that what little service I may do with tho trendies will be there when may it be a long day off-Miss Attie come» in to the-" ? ... "All right now, Qaann. Sot to work at once. I'm going into Kilcash next Wednesday, and I'll order tho pipes at Maher's, if you call over be tween this and then ^with tho length we want. Good dny." And beforo old Billy Quann could say another word the owner of Holywell wns out of healing. On moro occasions than these tho alaster cf Holywell had said ho ought not, in justice, to spend any money on the property. People oculd in no way understand what he meant by these vague speeches, for, of course, they said the land would go to Miss Attie when tho old mon dropped. O'Callaghan-Brien was a popular man in the county, but there waB around his daughter Attie a feeling so intense and loyal that it reaahed tho chivalric. Sho was moro comely than beau tiful, more lovely than comely, moro amiable than all. Sbo was, they said, her father's child, with all the softness and engaging sweetness of : her dead mother added. Attie waB two-and-twenty years of age, and had been motherless sinco hor infancy. The present owner of Holywoll House had married compara ! tively late in lifo, and under circumstances which had never been fully understood in the neighbour hood. He had boen an only Bon, and it was well [ known he had greatly displeased his father by his ! marriage. Nothing could have been in stronger I contrast wit^ another than the present and the I former owner j^e Holywell estate, Ti«'old man had been a positive scourge to the place. He always wore top boots, always carried a riding whip, and was always in a passion. There was a vague rumour he had killed a man. Everyone said he had killed his wife by inches. No servants would étop in his house. The out-doormen em ployed upon the home farm were continual ly leav ing. He was a bad landlord, a harsh father, and a cruel husband. He WUB an undersized, bow legged man, looking less of a gentleman than his own stable boy. The contrast between father and son was,never so striking as when the young man brought his wife, the wife he had married against his father's consent, on a visit to tho old houae. The son was then a tall, slender, handsome man of five-and-thirty, dignified and kindly in his manner and exceptionally amiable. The father was a gross, vulgar, boisterous, tyrannical man, 62 years of age. The young man and his bride did not stay long at the house ; he took his pretty wife away with him to Dublin, where they lived in a very poor way until Bhe died, when Attie, theít only child, waa two years old. Father and eon never spoke after their parting at the House, no letter ever passed between them, and when the old man died suddenly it was well known he had not forgiven his son, and that he would keep him ont of the property if he had the power to do so; but ho had not, and upon old O'Calla ghan-Brien's death the son oamo into possession as a matter of course, and as a matter of course, also, when tho present owner died tho acres would go to Miss O'Callaghan- Brien, for the land had not at any time gone of necessity to a male heir, but to tho heir male or fomale. Attie herself knew nothing about business and cared leBS. She was devotedly attached to her father, and he to her. She was contented with the doyB as they went by, and with her position. Let the future take care of itsolf. Yes, until Bhe had just roached her twenty second year she had never troubled herself about the future, and oven now business was tho thing furthest from her mind. She knew that, com pared to Lord Fenner, her father was a poor man. Lord Fenner lived at Glenire Castle, one of the j finest houses in Ireland, and she had heard her father say his Irish estate and his English mines gave bim an income of at least twenty thousand a year. She knew very little about money, but she understood twenty thousand a year was a respectable income for an Irish viscount. She would in all likelihood not even then have thought of twenty thousand a year in connection with the title but for the fact that she knew -Lord Fenner very well, had met him frequently of late and that sho had in her desk three letters signed " Fenner," and one of later date signed " Ed ward," this being in the same handwriting as the other three, and Edward "Waller Longford being Lord Fenner's name. There was another reason why Attie's mind was now a good deal occupied with Lord Fenner. Of course she had heard peop'e say whata good match young Lord Fenner would be for any girl in the country, and when at first he had singled her out afc the few houses where he and she met, Bhe could in no way account for it except by sup posing he had chosen her because he felt there could be no danger of his falling in love with her, j for all agreed he had exhibited no disposition to- j wards matrimony. But BB the weeks went by and the young lord showed an unmistaken prefer ence for her society, it began to dawn on her that he waB making love to her. At first she was startled, and tried to draw back, but the more she shunned him the moro hotly he pursued, until, when it had come to be winter, she had given up all thought of resistance, and allowed herself to drift along the current and come and go as he asked her. Nothing definite had yet passed botwoen the young people, but it waa quito plain to all the country round that one of those days, if no accident happoned, sweet Attio would becomo Lady Fenner, of Gleniro Castle. "What could stop tho marriage ?" nskod people, argumentatively. " Nothing," thoy an« swerad; " for Lord Fenner was free to pienso himself, and, of course, no father in Tipperary, in Ireland, would think of refusing to accept such a son-in-law. Although there were many fathers and mothers who were sorry they had missed the chance of calling the young lord son-in- law, O'Callaghan Brien and his laughter were so popular that even the moat envious scarcely begrudged them their good luck. But there was one man who watched the lovers with profound uneasiness, and that man was O'Callaghan-Brien himself. He loved his daugh ter moat devotedly. He was sensible enough to know that he was no longer a young man, that he was drawing near his sixtieth year, and that it was most desirable Attie should be settled be fore he died, and that young Fenner was a very good fellow, and one of the best matches in the whole country. But still he dreaded the day when that man would ask him for his daughter's hand. He would freely have laid down his life for his daughter's happiness, and he now believrd her happiness was wound up in young Fenner Eu1: there was one great obstad e in the way, and of that obstacle neither of the young pe tple knew anything. It had been the one secret of his latter life. Some time or other it would hare to be told, and he shrank back from the thought of that day, for then he knew the happiness of his darling daughter would han sr in the balance. The Fenner and Brien estates adjoined, and when '.the rumour of an attachment between the daughtor of Brien and the lord of Oleniro got abroad every one said what a pleasant thing it was that th« properties of the masters of Orlenire and Holywell were so conveniently situated, A few had hinted at this to old Brien, but he had always shown a most marked aversion to the subject, and plainly indicated that to dwell upon it would be most distasteful to him. Meanwhile, the relations between Lord Fenner and Attie became moro distinct, and at length, towards the ond of December, ho took her hand in hiB one day and asked her if she would leave it where it lay for ever, and she did not answer or tako it away. Then ho told her he would forthwith communicate with her father. Lord Fenner was by no means a shy young man. He had not been in the world for eight and-twonty years without finding the advantage ,. I , , ot a title and twenty thousand a year. He was a ~ bold, fearless, straightforward country gentleman« with the faults and infirmaties common to his, - class. Wild he had been, no doubt, a few years after he came of age., He had long been the minor Viscount of Fenner, and on attaining hia , majority and coming into the large accumu'ations.. . made while he was under age, he went to Paris, / I and managed to spend all the savings and get ? ¡ forty thousand pounds in debt in a couple oE < years. But since then he had not only lived a .. rational life, but had jpaid off the forty thousand, .. and devoted as much time and care to his estate as any middle-aged landlord in the country,! ;¡ .. But notwithstanding the staightforwardness of ¡<( the young man, and notwithstanding, moreover, . that he was by nomeans shilled in composition,he , resolved to place his case before O'Calla ghan- ¡ i Brien in writing. . > ¡ \¡:>\ The Beoond day after the last me.ting a letter <¡I; came from Lord Fenner, to O'Callaghan-Brien. ,¡ It was brief and to the point. He loved Attie--; I;../ , . ; j ni. S had loved her ^ offer himself to O'Callaghan-Brien aa' a aon-in- "' law, on the condition that all business arrange« j monts would be satisfactory. The letter arrived by hand, and late at night, "J after Attie had retired, and while the old man sat' " alone in the library before a blazing fire. , When he had finished reading he put the letter down on the table, and fell into a profound reverie. "At last," he thought on waking hp. "At lûst; '.' It has come at last. They both must now be told . all. I pray to Heaven the happiness of my Child may not be wrecked in this exp'anation 1 A '} thousand tirnoB I bave blamed myself, and yet I do not soo how I could hare done better under tho unhappy circumstances. There would have been no earthly good in telling my darling before, and when I first saw a little more than friendship .. springing up between Fenner and her, if I had , gone to the young man and told him all, it would look as if he had already committed himself. There is no necessity for the facts to be generally known, and now I find I must explain allwheq my darling's heart . has been given to him ; 1 of course, she has given away her heart, geo Boult: So like her mother, so like her mother every way, only her mother was better look ii I'll ride over to Gleniro to-morrow morning a tell all to Fenner. But I must tell Attie fir Ah, no, she is not nearly so beautiful as the ott Attie, my other Attie." He rose, and taking the shaded lamp with hi went to an escritoire which stood by one of t windows. He opened the escritoire and took c a jewel-oase. This he opened with slow, tre; b ing fingers, and drew from within it a thi plait of golden hair and a plain gold ring. "<Thoy said the hair was not her own, and ¿h said she had no right to wear the ring, my Att Hub I out this from her head when she lay col and I pub this ring on her finger in church wh the parson told ' me. My Attie! They may ta as they will, but I know all. No one knew her well-as I'. "Who could P No one loved her as well I. And she loved me, my Attie. When I mc her hereafter, I wonder shall I ba bent and brok in body and mind,- as I am now, or shall I joyous and full of vigour, as 1 was then ! Wi can tell?" Ho pressed the tress and; the ring to his lip returned them to the placo .he had taken the from, loosed up the oscritoire, and wont to bed. Next morning, after broakfasb, he said tb h daughter, " Come into tho library, Attie, I ha' something to say'to you." She guessed what this formal invitation had ' do with, rose, and followed her father. He place a chair for her by the fire, and setting ono f< himself, sat down. The «ld man had risen and dressed early for h ride, but since ho had got up it had been snowin continually, and|now the country, as far as tl eye could seo, was covered more than a foot dec in snow. As father and daughtor sat at tho fir the oscritoire lay open at their back. He ha been in the room; before breakfast and had opent tho escritoire, and placed his whip and cap on stool close by. ) Tho father began-« ^ " Last night, after you had gone to bad, I g< a letter from Lord Fenner about you. Can yo guess tho naturojof that letter ?" I-I think I can, father." " He told you he intended writing to me P" «? Yes, father."] f " My dear Attie, we ought both to feel yet much flattered by his lordship's offer, and I ma tell you at once that, although I should be ver sorry to lose my daughter, the only relative 1 hav on earth for whom 1 care, there is no one I woul more g'adly see her married to than Lord Fennel But, my dear Attie, I fear there may be a difficult in the way, and I am now going to tell you who you never heard; before-the full history of you mother." . ' The girl glanced up with a look of curiosity am surprise's «. You have known, as long since you were abli to know anything of the kind, that my inarriagi with your mother was not an ordinary one, an< that my father and I did not get on well togethei towards the end of his lifo, or, indeed, at all. *' I do not wish to say anything barsh aboul your grandfather, but 1 find it necessary to say soma things in 'order that you may know how matters came about, and how they nuw stand, " As I told you, yourgrand father and I nevei got on well together. Wo had different views on nearly every subject. When I was a.young man people said I had some cleverness. I wished to try my fortune in politics. My father would not hoar of such a thing. He wished me to go into the army, and marry an heiress. ..Well, Attie child, neither of us would give way, and we could nos agréé upon any third course, so he settled four hundred a year on me, and told me I might shift for mysolf as beßt I could ou it, and that ho would not give me ano ther potiny, and would not pay a penny of debt J might happen to contract. Well, such an allow ance did not make it possible for me to yo into politics. So I am sorry tb say, my dear child, I did nothing at all, but wasted tho best years of my lifo in travelling idly from place to place until I waß well past 30, when I met your mother in London." , " In London !" "In London, child... And now I am about» to tell you what yoii never heard befoio. You must he prepared for a ,shock. But you mus) make no hasty inference from what 1 am about to say. Tho first place I saw your mother was in; a theatre." x'-'J " Yes, father." "On tho stage,of a thoatro." Was my mother an aotioBs, father P" " Yoa, my child j but Bhe was as good a woman as overlived." " l am sure of that-my dear, dear father." "You must not now speak of it to anyone. You know how etroug. popular prejudices aro against actresses. Wo wero very careful then and ovor afterwards. You know, those who play upon tho stage often, almost always, aro known to the public by names which ai o nob their own. For tunately, even '.'those', most intimato with your mo'tjierjin her connection with tho stage did not know her real name ; and when wo agreed to bo marriedwo resolvi'd that she should immediately, leave " Loridon, sever herself for ever from her stage hume and acquaintances, and como to lire income quiet part of Ireland, far out of'the trOj'o^ of actors,, until I had arran god matters about our marriage with your grandfather. Well, my,denr child, I need not go into dotail that waB distracting then, and would bo painful tome now. Your grandfather would not hear of my marrying your mother. Ho told mo ho lóokod on mo as a hopeless fool, and that if it pleased mo to marry as I had told him, 1 might do so, but that not onïy would ho not hear of it, but that ho would stop,ni y allowance, and take care-" Here tho old mnn paused, and took his daugh ter's band in his, and stroked it caiessingly, apo logetically, i Yes, my father." .'Now child, I am going to tell you a very pain ful thing-a thing which has agod |mo and bont mo down before my time." Again ho paused. "WE LEAVE OLD ENGLAND ON THE LEE." . " \ ."What ia it, father?" " You must try to forgive me, 'Attie. I have dono you a grievous wrong."' ' , " You, father ! You, father, done me a wrong ! Why, in all the world, there is not a kinder or a better father than you. ; It hurts mo to hear you say Buch a thing. Oh, my father, my father, say you did nob moan it ! Say you did not mean what you said last." She bad irisen and ¡gone to him, and thrown hor arm around him, and pressed her head against him. > .; I The father's voice trembled, but he went on i 03olutely : [ " Your grandfather said that if I married your mother he c mid not keop tho property from com ing to nie, but ho could prevent it coming to my children. I loved your mother moro than anything else then in the world. I married her in spite of his threat --" ^ He rose, drew his daughter towards the window, and taking out tho hair and tho ring, placed the latter on the slide pf tho escritoire, and holding the former in his disengaged hand, Baid, sadly, "That ia your mother's wedding ring, Attie, and this is her hair, and you are a pauper." The girl took the tress tenderly in her hand, and raised it reverentially to her lips. "You do not speak, child," he Baid, after a few seconds. " You will forgive me ?" "Forgive you, father ! . For what? I dp not understand.' " Because I beggared you, child, beforo you were born." I She looked up in his face, with a smile. " Is not Edward rich ?" . . .''> ' i-'.' A FIRST EXPERIENCE. i ,^-;,' Vi : "Yes, Attie. Fermer is rich enough, but hoi thinks tho [land will go with you. The two] estates adjoin, and although ho might hopo to | marry a richor.wifo than you would bo if Holy woll had boon yours, still this placo would bo a useful addition to his property, and I would not have thu ii'ding of leaviDg my only child almost penniless ; tor, Attie, 1 have not Baved nearly ,TQ much as I t-hould since 1 carno into the place. You know 1 w ,s not young when your grandfa ther died, nmi I have been easy with tho tenant», and although tho land waB going away from you to some coiiBin of whom I have hardly heard, I could not seo tho placo in rums, or neglected, or racked; I have a few thousands laid by» and I shall not.be able to give you more than my savings." " But, father, you told me a moment ago that Edward is rich." , *' Yes, Attie j but when I go over to him to-day tho first thing I shall have to tell him is about your mother, and then about tho property not coming to you. I will go now, my child. I know your heart will bo with mo '1 ho snow is rather heavy, but Sarsfield has faced many a worse day under me. I hope to Heaven I may succeed. If I fail, it will not be for want of will. Good bye, darling ; good bye. " He raised her face, and bent over her, and kissed her tenderly, tearfully, and then wont out of the room with an uncertain stop. "When ho had gone sho left tho room and wan dered hither and thither through the house. She could not rest. She had heard the history of her mother that day, and heard the story of her for tune. Like others, she had always thought the land would come to her some time, a long way off, when she was as old a« her father how. This thought was vague as thoughts of death to the strong. Even now, when Bhe was told she should have no such dowry as all had expected, she put that thought away from her as trivial. But tho story and tho account of her father's early days wrought strangely upon her, and disturbed un dreamed-of depths in her nature, and she could in no way rest. What would ho (Edward) think of the story her father had to tell him p She knew ho loved her for ker own sake; but what would Edward 1 think P What would Edward do P Oh, it was such dreary work waiting I "Would tho hours never go on ? In such snow it would take an hour to ride over. Very likely father would lunch with Edward. That* would take an hour, and then an hour to ride back. It would bo dus lt when her father returned. 'Ihe dismal, dull day wore away slowly, but at longth tho light began to fade, and Attie stole secretly to a window overlooking tho way that led to Glonire. At last she saw upon tho levol waste of snow tho figures of two, nob one man, riding towards tho house. As they drew nearer she could not doubt that thoy wero her father and lover. All had gone'well, and her father had asked Edward' ' ' to dine with them that evening. Oh, her heart, how it heat with joy I Her lover, her gallant ; sweetheart, her unselfish darling had thcught no thing of all that tale when it was placed beside his love for her ! As the two horsemen drew near she loft her place at tho window and sought her own room. In a few minutes a sorvant knocked and said Mr. O'Callaghan-Biion wished to seo Miss O'Calla ghan-Britn in the library. ' When she entered the room she found her father alone. Ho wont hastily to her, took her in his arms, and said, "My darling Attie, I shall bo very sorry to lose you, buthe is a fine young fellow. I told him1 all, child, and ho said that if your mother was' ' ' good enough to be my wife, she was good enough to be the mother of his wife, and that he had in tended, if the property here had como with you, ' ' he would have settled it on you during your lifo for pin-money, left it with a couple of thousand a ~* year as jointure when ho died, but that now you would have to trust to his generosity for pm mont-y, and manage on the two thousand when ho is gone. But hero he is. Ho will te 1 you all the rest himself, I am off to tho stablos. ThoEO horses^ant to bo looked after.'' j 