A LADY'S LETTER FROM LONDON. Sbfteubbb 8. The leaves are falling, talionB,*' but as the " Bingle spies sent o by winter in advance of itB invaai ' . Virginian creeper, with which the o Kensington and the other western suburb0 are profuBoy ornamented, is turning a P red ; the deBerted park is beautiful with the deep-tinged autumn flowers. These a fair features of the season; the per co the fog which has made ita appearance, thick, dank, and clammy, making one look back regretfully to the clear skies ofoutre tner. I am almost as solitary in London aB the proverbial sparrow upon the house-top; all the world is at the sea, or on the moors, or yachting, and the quietness of town is most refreshing. In the fashionable quarters all the houses are en paptllole, and in the commercial quarters the shops and the shop-people seem equally to- be rest, ing. London always seems to me to go out of town more effectually and m earnest than Paris does, and for a longer period. This year Switzerland is a favourite reBort, and I hear stories, which would effec tually deter me from wishing to go there, o the crowding and inconvenience to which the travellers are exposed at every point. The topicB of conversation in London are not numerous, but then neither are the talkers; there is a lull by general consent The county elections, with their loss of two seats to the Government; the.Berious condition of agri cultural interests; the fluctuating bulletins respecting President Garfield ; and the ter rible disaster to the Teuton are the chief themes that I have heard discussed since I reached London. Since the illness and re covery of the Prince of Wales, many years ago, I have never seen such general feeling on any Bubject as that which has bee manifested about the President of the United States. In travelling lately on email branch lines of railway in France, be tween unimportant places, I have frequently been asked by my fellow-travellera, seeing that I was reading an English newspaper, for the last particulars respecting General Garfield, and for details of his Alness. When it was reported last week in France that he was dead-—the death of the Emperor William was rumoured on the same day there was a universal expression of regret. This I ao not take to be the result of political sym pathies ; French opinion is too narrow and self-centred for that; I believe it to be pro duced by genuine admiration of the Bufferer s courage and resignation. . _ „ ' . The " associations are in full action, ana it must be acknowledged that their pro ceedings are not at all interesting this year. There w nothing going on in England which can be compared with the Electrical Exhibition in Paris, from which we may expect extra ordinary results. The meeting of the Library Association in the hall of Gray a Inn to discuss the progress which has been made in library work during the Vast 12 months will have a good deal 01 interest. Apropos of the occasion, a well-known contributor to the admirably- done occasional notes in the rott Mall Gazette writes " There wps a tame when a Christmas play, written by a member of Gray's Inn. and acted in the hall, ended in itB author being committed to the Fleet Prison, and in the chief actor fleeing over the seas for safety. Once upon a time an Attorney-General spent £2,000 in preparing a masque, which was duly performed at Gray a Inn, to honour the marriage of the Court ! favourite. And even in 1773 a newly-ap pointed Lord Chancellor, ordinarily sedate and vain,* as the Poet Laureate says, at the command of the master of the revels, con* ! descended to dance three times, in the com pany of venerable benchers and serjeants-at ! law, and to appropriate music, around its fireplace." The members of the Library Association will devote some of their time to the consideration of the various law libraries in London- Gray's Inn possesses about 13,000 volumes, and there are noble col lections of books in the libraries of the Inner and Middle Temple. None of them, however, iyi» compete with the collection at Lincoln s Inn, in point of either completeness or special interest. There the bibliographer can consult the unique fourth volume of Prynne's records. There ate preserved the books and manuscripts which our Matthew Hale amassed at great labour aa well aB expense, and deemed too good for the view of every man. All of these libraries are crowded during nine months of the year by barristers and students, intent upon the dis covery of precedents and tbs settlement of nice points of law. The f atore solicitors of the country attend the library of the Incor porated Law Society , and pass their exami nations by the aid of its admirable collection of text books. The specialty of this society is a matchless series of acta of Parliament, both public and private. To the general pobtic one strong interest of the proceedings of the Library Association resides in the in formation that it affords them concerning the existence, the whereabouts, mid the composi tion of book collections; and it will soon be so completely up in those subjects that we shall be able to know, if we chooBe, the local habitations of the books as correctly as those of the pictures of the world. That very considerable practical benefit in the extension and founding of libraries will result from the labours of the association' there is every reason to expect. There are still plenty of pictures to be seen in London, although there are no exhibitions; numbers of foreign artiste are sending over their pictures for sale here, and I believe the new gallery in Bond-street, of which I told your traders early in the season, is fulfilling its purpose admirably. We learn that Mr. Ghevelier and Mr. Smith have purchased M, de Neuville's fine painting,' V Borke'e Drift," for the Sydney Gallery. This is a moBt jndicioua. and will, I have no doubt, be a Very popular, exercise of the discretion 'of these two gentlemen. The particulars of the visit of the Princes Albert Victor and George of Wales to Melbourne have been read here withgreat Interest There is a pre vailing idea that, the Royal boys are fineyonng fellows, with all the manliness and none of the stiffness of their Gorman cousins, and the public like to hear of their sayings anddoinjzs. The Grown Princess of Germany has left England, amid emphatio demonstrations of respect and regard. S^e was preceded by the Grown Prince, who wm summoned back by information, concealed from thepnblic, of an alarming change in the Emperor's health. The old soldier has rallied for thebresent, but it Is how admitted that the,flame of ;hii life; is low in the socket, And the eldest daughter of England ,is nwr ,1fcber * l Grown. A oontemporarybf the aged jrpaasjjBas'BSKfl^ the life of this lady, who waa bom in 1798 ia to obtain a curions retrospect of history, and a KlimpBe.ifoneeiemaeBone'Bimaginationawn it of an extraordinary complication of human relations and destinies. The ArchduchesS Mane Josephine of Austria was the daughtS of Emperor Francis the First of Austrm.by bis Becond wife; she was. therefore, the nieoe of Queen Mane Antoinette ; and the Prince of Salerno, her couBin, whom she married was the nephew of the poor queen, and the brother of the PnncesB Marie Amdlie, after wards the wife of Louis Philippe of Orleans who so conscientiously carried oat the family tradition of family treason. When the Prince °- , *r»no-wa? a,,yery tittle child, and his sister Marie Amdlie was an infant, their mother, Queen Caroline of Naples, was at the height of her prosperity, and their aunt, Queen Marie Antoinette of France, was the most adored mod adulated princess in Europe. One memorable day there took place at Fon tainebleau, in the great hall, hung with the splendid tapestrieB presented by the city of Lyons to the beautiful dauphiness, and which Btul decorate them, a quaint and touching spectacle. It was the betrothal of two royal children, the long-looked-for Dauphin of France and his baby cousin, Marie Amdlie, of the Two Sicilies. This was a family f4te of the moBt joyful and mtiT/iekind, and a national event as well. 1 he illustrious grandmother of the children, the great Empress-queen, Maria Theresa, was not there—indeed, she rested from her labours, and bad died with a heavy heart for r 1 Antoinette," full of foreboding -and regret because an heir to the ancient French monarchy had not been born. But the scene was glad and splendid, and among the spec tators were the Duke and Duchess of Orleans, and their little son Louis Philippe, Due de Chartres. We may be sure that the scene of that day was described in family letters to the Court of Austria, whets the Emperor Joseph was indulging in his taste for com bined philosophy and profligacy, and his brother Francis had recently loBt his wife. A brief glance at the fate of the leading per sonages gives us a view of an unequalled historic drama. The father and the mother of the royal child fianct died upon the scaf fold. Hib little elder sister lived to be the august Orphan of the Temple, the austere and nnfortunate Duchesse d'Angouleme, the preceptress of the Connt de Cham bord, who ib himself the issue of a mar riage between members of the royal families of France and Naples. The Dauphin died, happily for himself, just as his uncle, the preceding Dauphin, had died, in his early childhood, ana the poor little boy who is known in history aB Louis XVIL succeeded to that sad inheritance, as his father, Louis XVL, bad succeeded before him, to perish by the cruellest of deaths in the prison of the Temple. The Queen of the Two Sicilies was the " Queen Caroline" of Nelson's time—that is enough totemind your readers of in her case. We have no record of how she bore the fate of her sister, and the after relations between the Neapolitan Bourbons and the Orleans family indicate that, at least, there was not much delicacy of sentiment among them. The girl ficmcte of that splendid day married the little boy who witnessed, wondering, the stately ceremonial; the daughter of the sister of Marie Antoinette be came the wife of the Bon of Philippe, Duke of Orleans, " Philippe Egatitl," vilest of the vile, the traitor par excellence, and that son of so execrable a father in his turn became the traitor par excellence of his day, and usurped the throne of CharleB X., the brother of that kinsman for whose Qfeath Egalito voted, and his own constant and generous benefactor. There was yet another Royal boy present at that historic fSte—Leopold of the Two Sicilies, Prince of Salerno, and brother to the little fiancic who was never to be the bride of her baby-betrothed. In 1816, when, after the convulsions of the Revolution and the phantasmagoria of the Empire, the Restoration was established for the second time in France, and the Corsican ogre, Talleyrand's " man of Elba," was the chained eagle of the rock of St. Helena, and the Austrian Court was jubilant, the young Prinoe married the ArchducheBs Marie Josephine; and this was the second wimriag* in that generation of the Imperial family. Whose web the first? No other than that of the Archduchess Marie Louise, whose depar ture from Vienna to wed the Emperor Napo leon I., the conqueror of Auaterlitz, the arbiter of Europe, was perfectly remembered all her life by the Princess of Salerno. There was a child-spectator of that marriage de bon aloi, after the degradation of the former one; this was the little Due de Reichstadt, he who had been King of Rome, Child of France, the heir of Napoleon, the son of the prisoner of St. Helena, and who did not know that his father was living, and was taught to read in a book which recounted the victories of French arms, under one General Bonaparte, " commander-in-chief of the armies of His Majesty the most Christian King." The bride was young, handsome— there were some who said die was somewhat like the Archduchess Marie Antoinette, her aunt, but had not that inimitable tain of the head—the bridegroom was very rich (the neat Zucoo vineyards were a part of his in heritance), very respectable, and very ugly, for the traditional features of King " Naso " had descended to him. The marriage was a happy one; the PrinceBS had much of the stem sense and dignified simplicity of her famous grandmother, and she was very §ious and thrifty. In 1844 the eldest anghter of the Prinoe and Princess of Salerno, the Princess Marie Caro line de Bourbon, married into the Orleans family, as her father's sister had done before ber, and became the Duchesse d'Aumale, whom I have seen very often, when, she lived in splendid "exile" at Orleans-house, Twickenham, during the reign of ibe nephew of her mother's brother-in-law, the Corsican ogre. When the Empire fell, end Napoleon -the Third had become "the tnaaoftiadan," as Napoleon tbe First had become " the man of Elba," and when he. and his beautiful wife, and their only son (destined to a better fate than that of the King of Rome), were refugees in their torn, the Duke d'Aumale, then a widower, went back to France, and the Princess of Salerno, a widow sines 1856,1 who bad been Jiving at Twickenham, pro-, posed to return to Italy. But her son-in-law entreated ber to remain with him, and -the snecssaiva deaths of bis two sons, the. Dukes of Cond6 and .Guise, rendered him still mere solicitous of i her presence. The strong, simple, pious, royal lady settled at the Ch&let; St. Firmln, hard by the Duke's obttoau at Cbantilly, and her son-in-law noofiuihetto the care of Mademoiselle CUnobant, formed* lady of honour to the Duchesse d'Aumale, who' has resided withhei ever ttinoe. A short time ago I was going down from Paris Into Npr mandy.totbe once thriving town Of L'Aiglo, «nd 1 passed through. BsulL .where the Empress Josephine and her dangbterQueea Hortense ate.buried, and saw inthe distance, from the sthtioh of Dreut, the dome of tb«j Orleans family mauholonjn, t • where sLonis Philippe and bU wife pauaed on their fllgbt to . England, in 1848, to bid «dieu tout wffint 1 n x..: . cs is*,;, 11 the history of thatfamUy ofn,,i8®d'thin^ bered the old Prince^ »«.i?rleanB, I*r' her at the little churclJ at fc,? had PrinceeB M&r;(nieritfi /pP;h ^*1. end noted herffing£Srf9, herhceoap, Pwith ®stufff 8ion°rthat theptt* that] full of intelligence and^tnJ i6 d«af events, and, also, that t£» n68.4 ,n Pas was a most devoted son to w d'AuJ »ng a week to pass with™? ' n.evet at matter what SE8 without seeim, C mta which the history of vfmen century commences. was alRnfi?i 1 P^3 of that famous liat of "elkrihu>H np *or the 1 J ^cMionma arew ud for t.ha ^3^° w( the Eighteenth, when theftk ofI^ fscwft "Hp" •» m1 Sift? Pfl« SempSe tmSsocofV^ (afterwards Charles X.), after all hows the DucheBBe d Angouleme, the daniaJ Louis XVI. and Marie Antoinette » give the restored throne an heir that the half-BiBter of Napoleon?' (not his widow, for the list drawn up in January,1815) was proposed wife for the heir of the King who kid possessed Napoleon, just as the Sec L'Antrichienne" took her place 5 Tnileries and at Fontainebleau and fat as our knowledge goes, hid no dreams there, and saw no ghosts. The I duchess Marie Josephine did not marr Duke de Berry, but the Princess Caw her huBband's niece and their joint co did marry him, and became the mothi "Henri Cinq," and the "heroine ol Vendee. If the Princess has left men of what interest they must be. She hae buried at Drenz, beside her beloved lamented daughter. The vicissitudes French history form a fascinating study they follow each other so swiftly that' difficult to realise the existence amon until the other day of one who rememli the marriage which Michelet, called "thi livering np of a victim to a bird of p Nevertheless, the " victim " got her own with Napoleon to a greater extent than other person ever did. Yonr readers w find Talleyrand's account of theintervie the Empress of Anetria (the mother of PrincesB of Salerno) with him, when he! to the Congress of Vienna, very interesfii I have heard a good deal about the I bition at Milan, which is highly interesl Its strongest point is ceramic art, and display in this department has strati spectators with astonishment Among most successful exhibitors iB Count u galli, of whose hereditary manufactni porcelain 1 have already told yonr ret some particulars. Hia TJrbino ware created quite a furore, the finest exan of the old majolicas, faience, Urbino, Raffaelle ware are so admirably copied it is hardly possible to distinguish beti the imitation mid the originals. The w display, which inclndes large collections by Ginori of Doccia, Farini of Fm Minghettiof Bologna, Prince Ceaare A1 of Pesaio, and the Caetallani of Bomi magnificent, and makes a distinct rdnoisi in ceramic art ...... 1 am afraid the attempt which is t made by some kindly -intentioned la under the presidency of Lady Bective serve the declining manufacture of wo< fabrics by inducing the English femeJep tion to substitute woollen for silk at is destined to failure. The eihibitioi wool at the Crystal Palace was a failure, the fabrics and colours, judging from« specimens which I have Bwn (I wes not, for the show), are not at all tempting. _ has bnt one charm as a dress, fabric, te. softness: and the new textures are not bnt rather stiff and glazy, ^auitebl draping. I am told, however, that the which is called " Indian cashmere, and i so much in black and factored in Eng^d. so that the ioUowe Lady Bective, though pMgw ^ a p«ra avoidance of'all bat Enghshi fabn^ wear it without any scrapie of com® The vagftrieB of fashion weBonuMW I cannot observe, much less chroma but I have been struck with two lc1 the present season; one is th shortness of evening dresses—we ( ing, depend upon it, to the irwei lettes " and the ribbon-Bandalled s years ago—and the other is the o tion of shoes.- The only long dies missibleiB the tea-gown, and that luxe 1b being made in all kinds ot and colours, some of the most gor| indeed, audacious description, atnfla «• DTftHtlv WOrD. ©BP®0" ^ft*® dark or turqooise Woe grow ana the hawthorn" pattern, in which] wnite ana pale pink tinta ere harmoniol i mended. These gowns an much pre! wan the combinations of yellow, brol crimson, and russet on which some sdfi "dent ladies venture, not always withsafl although the effects are tempered with! , «oe> of lace. In Paris large collars! worn; but I have not noticed any in Loom ; your readers have ever seen an old of of Mia. Trollope's called The Vicar] Wrexhiu, which was famons in its day, a can remember the illustrations, they I know exactly the kind of collars I of ana which are, more strictly speaks pelerines. The old-fashioned hind off broidery iei in vogue again—collars, on and aprons covered with satin-sbtcn 1 worn by all French ladieB at present If served a very effective style of cowl children: it is simply a small cape, nm white silk canvas, such as samplers used n worked oh, with a full edging oftorcmu Tnfs is a very pretty arid lasting combined , Shoes, high heeled, and with double and buttons, are profusely embroidered1 gold and silver thread and coloured su and white boots, silk, Baton, plash, J damask, are buttoned with miniature no* and fruits in enamel Chintz patterns htfffjUkhwmucb used for shoes and slipp and highVbUck " Molibre" shoes are Is with gold,:or blue, or red cords and tasj Embroidered fans are rapidly wptoj painted ones, and even the bats and bom of. the last week or two are covered t I band-epbroidered devicea Among ami tudepfkata I specially observed a mom taire of pirie manesUk, covered iw»£! put with pleated Breton lace of a wjT texture, anff vrith a great toft of f* bnttefflleS hever ibout the S " go he your only ve«j en ' I don't think we® on Jiere. until the arriw Jeonlum. , 