MACHA A SICETCII OF IRISH CHARACTER. By Rosa Mulholland. . (From "Troth)." Thoro is a lone upper world among tho Con ! nomara hills seldom visited by auy wayfaror from the ordinnry paths of lifo. Mountains form bulwarks around it ; tile gates into it nro narrow' dofiles botweon rugged crags; tho centres of its silent valleys aro deep lakes, cold and gray as stcol, or black with tho shadow of tho rain-clouds, By tho water's margin tho dark sullen earth with its gorgoous clothing of purplo and embroideries of omorald green upheaves ' in curious knolls and bossos,. or strotches away in wind-swopt lovcls. Tho peaks around tuko fantastic shapes, and in twilight the place is liko somo region of Hades, . whero disembodied souls walk in shadow and muse upon tlio mysteries that death has unfolded to thom. Uncongenial as it appears to human life thorc nro a few inhabitants of this world of silent gloom and barren beauty. Horo and thcro tho infrequent travellor will coinc upon an isolated cabin built of rude stono and. roofed with the sod, hardly distinguishable from tho lierithcr-cappcd rock except for tlio curl of smoke that steals through a holo from tho hearthstone within.' On a stimmor morning nn inquisitive oxplorer of this lonesome world passed by oho ofthesesmokmghovels',and|wlule . gazing on it in dismay, aliiio3t expecting to . deo a gnomo or monster issue from it, . was startled by the appearance of an exqnisito faco, which shono on him for a moment and van ished. The solitary rambler in so eerio a spot was at tlio moment in an imaginativo -mood, .nnd open to all influences of tho beau tiful and supernatural, and. almost belioved ;tbat a sprite of the mountain had crossed his path, nnd that sho had a fatoful message for him in her eyes ; but shaking himself into a more rational frame of mind ho wont on his way, with only a lingering look at the cabin, .which seemed to retreat into tho fastness of tlio rock. Yet, in spite of common sense, the wild beautiful eve# of tho mountain crirl pursued him, tho message that lay a mystery in their depths bewitched him, and finally, as .the sun shot forth long shafts of'flamoand lances of gold, setting fiorily bohind a clustor of blackening mountain peaks, ho turned up on his heel, and retraced his stops in tho direc tion of tho enchanted hovel. Maclia, tho owner of tho beautiful faco, had withdrawn it hastily into tho interior of the , cabin, scared at . tho unwonted sight of a stranger, as lowland dwollors might bo scared by a ghost. The cabin was so poor (lint only for tho red hearth nnd the warm smell, of smoke, it might havo been mistaken for ashed for cattle. The earthen floor was uneven and full of holes ; tho roof, of hcathor and sticks, was blackoncd with amoko ; tho hcarth-stono was broken. Ono crazy table, ono chair, and two or threo other nondoscript scats ; a kettle, 'a pot, a battorcd tin-can, nnd a fow mugs and plates— thoso wero the chief coritonts of tho dwelling's principal room. Looking around, ono might well ask by what means life could bo supported in this place. Patches of potatoes that struggled for qxistrnco botweon bog and rock closo by, and a black cutting, that showed liko nn ugly wound on tho faco of a distant lovel, nnd was a turf-mino — thesogavo tho only answer to such inquiry. An old woman sat spinning in a corner of tho cabin, lean and smolco-dricd, like n mummy, her dark-red garment, and the yellow handkerchiefs wound turban-wiso round her head, making a spot of subdued, color iu ;tho murky picture. Tho contents' of a pot' of potatoes had- beon turned out on tho table ; and Madia, who with a peculiar cry h'ad'summoned the family from their work at lhb bog to dinner, stood in the middle of the floor, with a slant light fal ling on hor from tlio 'sky, across tho mountain peaks, through tho smoke-stained door way. Her, skirt of orimsori wool, spun by the grand .dqmo in the corner, arid dyed with madder by Madia liorsolf, was short enough to show hor white; feet, shining on tlie ' oartliorn : floor. Ovor.it she wore a short' brown bodico, and a few, yards of .coarse yellow-white calico wero vound about 1 hor shoulders/- and had been about her head, but the: drapery had; fallen brick in a sort/of cowl behind her neck.' No white lily 'or golden rose: was so beautiful As ' the face of Maelia, crownod with its- honoy-- \- colored hair, ;Bot with eyes dark and bliie,with; a look half sweet, . half troubled ; a rose-red mouth, tinted, to matoh " flowers tlio girl had never aeon, .and'. creamy; safin-sihoothed, dimpled cheeks. The way in whioh her -head was. set on hor shoulders, the 'pose of' her figure, and the movements of her wliite bare arias recalled tho goddesses in marble of tho Aiirlv Ornate. ."Willi -hw-: nl m :"#i inri rh n m An1" beauty, whore; bad Macha como from— to baltlo with tlie elements for — life to grow sun-tanned,' weaithor-boaten, / loan, and .withered in tho struggle /to forco the potato out of tho rock and peat out of tho reeking bog? "What was sho doing in this dreary uppor world of tho barren Irish hills ; how could she bo tho' granddaughter of tho unlovely. orono in tho cornor; and why had generations of ignorance and hunger 'and rudo toil produced her ? It must bo that Nature had created her forawhim,making hor a sort 4of imago and expression of the wild beauty of this pioturegquo wildornoss.' 1 « Tho aftor-'glow of the sunset was abroad, whon Macha wont out again, to roam round tho lako in a fashion of her own. A Btrango ninbor-iirid-rcd reflection illflminnted ono sido of tho eky' and tho mountain peaks, intensified by gloomy fringes trailing along tho horizon. Delicate green tints oversproad tho othor; and in this fniror skyey fiold had blossomed tho round whito inoon, brightening momenta rily, and shiuing among tho early stars like a lily am<n3 daiBioj. Earth and hoavon wore pictured in tho lake— tho gemmed meadows and luridly illumipato ddesorts on high, the blaokening hills, avd tho moving shapes of orange, brown and, purple that caught and ent tho fringes of' tho slowly approaching Right, Macha clasped hor bands over her hoad, and gazed » round hor half fearfully,, enjoying nnd" understanding- tho- beauty of it all. She had heard of ' a shining city boyond tho gold nndsilvor gntos of tho sun and thp moon; al io of earthly cities, wondorful too, bbt nob so beautiful, that lay dowri below tho moun« ains in tho busy world f men, Sho meaut to go to tho ono, but sho did not euro to visit tho others. Hor mountain home, with its in habitants, containod the desire# of her heart., Tho old brown crucifix on tho cabin-wnll wn« hor passport to tlio final happy destination of all patient souls, whithor she nnd idl #ho loved would depart whon tho Mastor should sond them a message to como. Nothing natural or supernatural di#mnyed.or disgusted hor. If thcro wero spirits in tho rocks and fairios in the lake, tho Almighty know what thoy wcro doing there; and .everything was all for tho best. / . ' uviacno, como in," called hor mother, from tho cabin; " Somothing will got you," "Ay, mothor;T am coming," said Macha ; but still sho.lingored, looking liard at a piece of rock that seomed'tb bo taking the shape of "somothing." Tho clouds aro alive, andmovo and cliarigo— why should not thorocks?Suddonly , a living porson seomod to emorgo out of tho rock, and como beside her ; and, startled, sho would . havo fallen into tho lako had not a strong- arm seized hor and swung her into! safety, ' ' " Holy Mother 1 I nearly drowned you 1" cried Macha, looking at the same traveller who had passed tlio cabin in tho morning, ' "I nearly drowned you," said tho stranger, gazing in wonder at licr beauty, which scorned to have bceomo almost unearthly, as tho still warm glow from ono sido irradiated hor hair, and tho grcohish moonlight from tho othor whitened her round clicek and tho drapery of hor shoulder, " I thought you wore— him who lives down in tho lako," whispered Macha. " Who is he ?" Sho looked all round in theair,andhorlovoly face caught a thousand reflections of flitting colors and lights. Then sho signed with her hand toward# tho dark lako. "Tlio water is deep," sho said, "and thoro is many a thing down there. But you aro a living man, for I snw you in tho morning." The person addressed felt rt stravgo thrill as she spoko nnd put out her round gleaming arm nnd touched his hand with hor warm fingers, as if to assure herself that her town words wcro truo nnd thathowns indeed a living mnn. "And you nro a living woman," ho snid. "I almost thought you wor a spirit moving along tho edge of the lake. Why do you kosp so closo to the edgo?- I thought I saw you walking on tho water." , " I like to look in and see what I can see," . said tho girl mysteriously. " Do you always walk here in the even ings ?" "Yes, and sometimes a bit at dawri. Mother says something wicked will meet mo. But I havo only met you, and yon aro not wicked." " I am not as good as I ought to be," said tlio mart1 tremulously, answering tho look of simplo faith and approval in tho girl's won derful eyes, "But I hope I am not altogether iwicked ;" and tho strangeness of his own humility escaped his notice. " "I do not mucli.boliovc in wickedness my- Belf," said Macha, "except, of course, in /bo great dhiaoul " (devil), crossing horsoU. "But lie will never hurt mo, unless I do somothing wrong." a What do you soe whon you walk horo in the dawn ?" " I see the blossod spirits trooping up and down the skios. Anybody could see thom. Somotimcs they como down ujion tho hills;but thoy change into whito clouds and run away whon they como too near mo. Thcro is my mother calling mo, and the supper is ready." " By what namo is sho calling you ?" " Macha is my namo. If you will oat ft fow potatoes I will bring thom out to you. " "I am not hungry, Macha, and I am going back to the inn. But if you offer mo somo an other day I will tako thom." Tho girl went into her mother, and tho stranger returned through tho brightening moonlight down the rugged mountain, rotroc ing tho steps ho had mado iu tho morning Tho inn lay under the hills, a fow miles below tho wild region whore Macha had been born, in which she had grown to womanhood, eating the potatoes bIio lmd helped to produce, - rind watching the blessed spirits trooping up and down the skies. "Somothing will get you," said Maeha's mother for tho hundredth time, . as tho. girl appeared for her supper ; and sho was not wrong, for Fate had got hold of Ifacha that very night. Strange, and unaccountable are the whims of men. Hero was ono with wealth and rank, accustomed to all that is cultivated, witty, and beautiful among wornon and yet, having gono fancy -free till rather a late period of 'bncholor hood, he had climbed a savage mountain. in an isolated corner of what . ho considored' an : uncivilised country, top fall in lovo with' a wild .girl . with a wild . namo, . who lived upon potatoes in a hovol ' under a rock ! And ho did'not feel ashamed of him self. Contrasts and Inconsistencies had al- : ways possessed a fascination for him. Did not:- tho spotless whito flower of tho bog' flourish ' : there as purely, as though- it had hot sprung ' out of the black slimy sttbstanco that hold its royt? And Macho; with her ' shining baro feet and armB/ahdhor faco lilto ripoot's droariv ' was all tlio more enchanting to his imngina- tion bccnuso sho -had sprung, . with her spoh tnhcous loveliness, out of tho mountain, and had boen nourislied and jfoct'od between tho tion ";ora leBBon'from "art," ; // , y ; ; Ho was going back to the inn thatho might ' have further opportunities of seeing this' girl,' an yet he told, himself : that his-admirationJ for her was moroly ' ari abstract idea ; ' that/ after he had seen her a few times aiid ' studied her exceptional beauty and charactor, hewould goon his way contented, rejoicirig.to havo per- ceived tlirit Nature can bo . still, soloyely and; . uuLpoiled m her own scerot fastnesses, beyond , I the ken of tho world/ His, rest .was .broken . . that night' by | a now oxoifcemont ; . and ,hp , | wakened in. tho dawri to.'-faricyLthat , ho... saw . M acha wallcirih, >vith her barq white feet, in, the rosy lightyqimd'tho.mniigin of; the lake, 1 He wanted to iiear her voice ngainM and feel tho touch" of hor han,' : It struok him as.ro- nmrkable that ahehad sliown no' Bhynoss of him, 'speaking -tb'..lum . as', -naturally as if ho ' ' had . bo'eh; ,'hor brothor,,; ../and. ho divined /that i this was i booauso shO; know nothing of . ranks -and classes. Only tho supernatural had power to awe lior, and she had felt safe and happy as soon nssho: lmd assured liorsolf that he was a living man. Accustomed ,to tho attentions of women, ho would have felt less attraction towardB Mocha had sho shown any desiro for his roturn. Tho . absenco of all coquetry in hor delighted him, ! Tho girl thought of ;him, lying on hor straw bed in the dend of -tho night. Thoro waa a holo in tho roof ribovo hor head, a holo that , vould bo tliatchcd over- with heather for the winter, but at present it vvas good to lot in tho ' air of hoavon. Through it Macha could soo a s'ar shining in the sky, liko a little island of splendor in nn ocean of dark blue, nnd tho rugged, twigs of tho broken heather mado a rough frnmo for the bit of glory. The beauty ofJMncha's faco lay qucnchod in darkness beneath, but lior soul escaped through tho open- ing up to tho kindred mystory of tho star, carrying with it tho memory of tho event of, tho evening. Her mind rested with placid wondor. on tlio oc currence of hor mooting with the stranger. She liad riot fallen in lovo with him, as ho with her, nor did slio droain of such a thing. Round 'about her lay . her mothor, her grand mother, her littlo sisters, slopping soundly with tho lovo of Macha asleep in their hearts. She loved thom . passionately, and liad no thought or hopo for herself apart from them. To work with them, hand and foot, that thoy might all have enough potatoes; and turf to ' oriablo thom to live together, without more pain than' thoy could endure, this; was tho ono object of hor, existence. /Vague splendors and delicious rest and . joy wore, she know, waiting thorn ali'beyond the gates of the aim. The only thing to bo desired , was that they might not bo parted meanwhile. in their pur gatory on tho lonely mountain. As tho night cropt on, and tho stars waxed brighter, Macha owned to herself that tho "living man " might have been "him who liyos down in the lake" after al! Fondoring this doubt sho fell fast asleep. . Tho stranger reappeared next day, and' for many days afterwards haunted tho mountain. ; Macha had Icavo from' her mothor to accom pany hirft in his search for the wild flowers ; which ho explainod to them ho wanted for scientific purposes. Tho little sisters frisked about nnd took their share in the search, danc ing liko young kids on tho edge of precipice, with wild bright oyos and flying locks. Potatoos boiled in the cabin wore eaten on tho hoather, and tho long summer days wont past liko tho beads on a goldon rosary, told brightly through the fingers. Tlio man was brotherly ! nnd kind with the littlo gir's and tho older womon, but ho recognised a gulf between them and Macha. Their speech translated literally from tho Irish, though pootic and musical ' enough, was not delicately correct as his ear imagined hers to <be ; their swift foot | wero not white, nor was their clothing spot less. Macha, who bathed in tho lake - every morning, and hung out hor yellow hair to dry in tho first beams of tho sun, and who wore her wolhbleached draporios liko a 'princess, could -not keop young nor old from dyeing their skins and garments in tho bog-holes. An iristinctlvo personal delicacy had como to Macha with hor exceptional beauty. At the end of| a fortnight the. stranger told himself that this mountain flower was worthy of- being' transplanted into tho brightest parterre over cherished by man. And what a month ago would havo appeared to him only madness SCCined now the mnsfc ROrmililn mnran Im nnnl/1 pursue. ' . : Macha camo into tho cabin one evening in he gloaming, with a faco of disnuy.- !;: !' Mother!" sho said, grasping her mother's arm. . . "What is on you, child?" " The sassonach is asking mo to go away with . him." "Away with him ?'' 1 "He wants to giva mo a satin gown and ring, and to takomo to his homo." "Woll, avourneon," with a long sigh, "if Ii makes you a truo wife and is good to you, yo would bo bottor'with him fclun hero." "Mother," criod the girl passionately, "havj I vexed you, have I ftngerod you, that yo . would , turn mo from your door ' ; "Turn you away, asthore machroo I Mocha.' are you mad ? Wouldn't it bo only to see you happy, and woll ? I suppose the man has good farm and can pay his reiit. And yo would bo woll warmed and fed, my Macha, though your motlr's hearth would be blank." "I don'c want to bo well warmed and fed ; I am as well off as you and tho grandmother and the girshes. Ho would tako mo Bout to England, over tho sea— away, away to tho othor Bide of tho world." ; i , And tho girl sobbed wildly on her mother's shoulder. . 1 " Send him off thon, aeushla machree. Why need you break your heart about ; what no body is going to bid: you do ? Your mother before yfu never wore a: fine gown ; and wo will bo hungry together as wo always wore." ; Maeha's weeping subsided a little ; but only to break tout again as fiercely as boforo. , ; " I cannot send him away, mother ! I love him, aB well as you. 0, why did ho over como over tho mountain ? Bettor it had been him that lives down in tho lake.!? 'Tbo mother stood aghast. " Holy Virgin!' she criod and 'tis only a score of days since we saw , him first. -Then, if you lovo him like that, my daughter, you aro bound to bo Iris wife. . You must go— oven to - England', over tho sea . . 'You don't know .what you are ' saying, mother. How could Ilive without sooirig your face?" . . 1 / ,"As many have tolivo, my Macha; May be; , 'ho would bringyou back to soe us/ .And you /might bo able to send us the.potatoo3eed, or a .piece of tho good fiaririel to koep us warm." Macha lookod piteously in hor mother's oyos and then round tho familiar cabin ; the storm /camo doivn again upon her heart, and she flung up hor arms and fell into a swoon. Her .lover, arriving up the mountain, found her . lying white on the heather outsidotiio door, \- with her head on her mother's knees, and "was thus led mto uttering promises which, else, ho might nover have made. \ "It's only the heart that is too strong in" hor," said tho poor mother sorrowfully. "It is illito lovo a strarigor that must part'you from yourown;" i : "I swear: :to bring her : back," said the c man ' oagorly, ; 'Sho shall crime wlionovqrsho pleasos, rtnd bring as many, gorid things as: she likes. Wo/, might, .even butlda housoiri tho valley below.". / ' ' / . rAt thi'tho color began to return'into Maeha's" cheoks;! and the 'comfortable proiriisos 'sank deep into her, mind. Littlo by little tho strugglo between the now lovo nnd the old was softened away; the will of the strangor pre vailed, and tho marriage took plario in a littlo rudo mountain .chapel, where Macha' had been baptised, and whore, travel ling through hail, rain and storm, she had knelt every Sunday since sho had been able to . walk, At . tho church-doors the husband reiterated the promise that ho would bring her back ; -ve>y soon sho should return < to tlio mountain, Ho almost tore hit bride away weeping and half fainting, from the embraces of hor people, from tho clinging of their thin ' brown hands, and tho kisses of their woathcr- bcaton faces. And in spito of tho promises he had . jiist repeated, ho , was glad ' to think that ho, had probably soen the last of tliid wild mountain tribe. . (Tq be continued.) ' E " Amantha," ho murmured, with pathos in" hisyoico, "why do you quiver at my touch!: Why do you shrink from my ombrace as tho Bt&rtlod; fawn trembles at tho rustling of tho autumn loaves ?" " I've beon vacoinatod," eho said, . 