Notes on Current Events. . From time to time accounts appear ia the Press frhicb go far to disclose the nature of the onder surrentof social life amongst us. The sad tale of Jo ;ephina 'Rouston, which has jnst developed another .eatnre, is one of these. The story comes' from Srorden, in Victoria, and ia of a piece with one ecently chronicled -within onr owa borders. All the surroundings of the present case stamp it as «ne of a peculiarly distressing nature. This girl, -he daughter of a small farmer — one of that respectable class -which forms the hope and toai&stay; of country life in these colonies — hae ^-enacted the sufferer's threadbare part in the ,00 familiar drama of human nature, and of firlish trust betrayed. . The old, old story is , ommon enough. 'When the misery of - her position fully revealed itself, she. had recourse to )he only apparent outlet from the toils in which »y her f railiy she had been encompassed — matri* ide and, attempted self- siurder. Her end was ?mly half gained. Arrested as the murderess of ier child, the next scene of this sad erentful tale jfj.i&id; in the pris«n celL There she now lies, esolutely, and, with a mistaken heroism, refusing o divulge the name of the author of all this woe *nd crime. 'Enough misery has been caused^ n one family,' is her pathetic explanation of her eticence, ' without . extending it to another.' \- ind now an illustration of the mental state of the infortunate girl's mother is lent by the latest de lails of this pitiful story. Overcome by her sense tf her daughter's position, and the reflection that jen«e entailedj she, too, in her blind despair, has ought to lose coBscioneness of her misery in leath. -Happily, or» perhaps, unhappily for her self, this design ,was frustrated. This is truly a Ed 'recital. One other we remember like t»^ TduC death was kind to Valentine and Us sister in tke tale of Marguerite. The last' icene of our tragedy is yet to eome. And what a picture of domestic desolation does not the whole lisclose. Public sympathy is of no avail here ?-public subscription lists are . useless expedients p. the face of trouble Buch as this. Had thefann Jeen ruined, the crops destroyed, or the homestead jwept away by fire, this unhappy family taught be, open to outside assistance; but its preient grief jidmita of no alleviation. Then, as to the *te of the girl. Who ean say what -rosy visions of |reamy pleasaunce and soft love, that confiding teart had wreathed round its liie's romance, ere ihe veil was so roughly rent aside by the ruth ieas seducer? Her future is plain; and what of jhe spoiler ? If he has the faintest suspicion of autnanity in his composition, his retribution is iertain enough. If, however, his -present insen libility be as thorough as his previous heartless ftess — and we leave the teachings of experience to ipeak on tkis point, there is a retributive blank jomewhere that yawns to be filled. This sort of ?rime passes unscathed through our justice sourts. The indecisive and wavering hand ti die law yet refrains from cauterising this hideous moral plague-spot, so prolific of social degraaa doo. and erime. \- It is the fortune, or misfortune, of some men to be born, so to speak, in advance of their time. The fates would certainly not appear to have de creed such a destiny in the ease of Mr. Clarendon Stuart. Judging hy the opinions which he expressed at the Church of England Synod on Friday last, he may be tairly considered as hav jng come into the world, at least, a couple of generations too late. There was, indeed, a fine Antique flavour of bigotry in the motion introduced by him on the occasion in question, which cai-- iied one back to the brave days of old. Sis ideas of what true loyalty to his Church de taanda are of so obsolete a kind that Mr. Stuart yaigat be supposed to have just awakened from a lort of Rip Van Winkle sleep. He would seem to be as far behind the spirit of bis age as was the elumberer of tae CatsM'l Mountains, when irousedfrom ius long trance. The reception which the motion referred te met with will, psrhaps, enable him to recognise that unpleasant fact. The bolicy of the Church of England, as proclaimed py its most enlightened modern exponents, has happily been in an opposite direction to that to- 1 wards which Mr. Stuart fixes his gaze. And as he.) was very properly reminded by the President of the | Bydnod (the Dean of Sydney), his resolution with Regard to Episcopalian and Dissenting clergymen implied a direct censure of many of the most eeal-*3 and distinguished of the former in Europe, America, and Australia. Such sentiments «s Mr. Stuart avows might have evoked an enthu ' Bitetic response from loyal churchmen of the ytamp of those who flourished when Whitfield and Wesley were regarded as dangerous fanatics, but uttered in these closing years of the Nineteenth century, they excite no other feelings than astonishment and contempt. She Church of England has good cause to con gratulate itself on the circumstance that its members, either lay or clerical, have for the most part, learned to adopt a different standard of Christian charity from that of Mr. Clarendon Stuart. His notions of religious duty are evi dently of. almost as liberal a nature as Sbylock's. The words winch Shakespeare puts into the mouth of the Jew of Venice, in his reply to Bassanio's Invitation, might, with a slight alteration, serve bassing well to discover the attitude of Lit. Clarendon Stuart to those among his fellow soloniets who do not happen to bo numbered within the Episcopalian fold — ' I'll buy with you, sell with you, talk witji you, walk with you, and 60 following — but I'll not pray with you.' O5d playgoers in Sydney will hear with rv-gret of the death of the well-known English a,ctor, Charles Dillon. Mr. Dillon, it will be remembered, visited these colonies some seventeen or eighteen years ago and met with remarkable success. The deceased gentleman had considerable pretensions as a Shakespearian tragedian, but it wrs in the higher class of melo drama that his preatest successes were achieved.. His Belphcgor in particular way he mentioned as a, most striking performance, the power and} pathos which Mr. Dillon displayed in that part; having been rarely, if ever, exceeded by any-, thing of alike' description witnessed either on. the British or colonial stag£. AmoDg the most: enthusiastic admirers of the deceased gentleman was Charlie Dickens. In the letters of the famous novelist there are numerous references to Charles Dillon, and bis histrionic talents are spoken of in terms of the warmest praise.. Mr. Dillon was for some years manager and lessee of the Lyceum Theatre, London, and it was while acting in that capacity that he firmly established his position as one of the most accomplished mem bers of the theatrical profession. In America and ^ Australia the verdict pronounced upon him by British audiences was confirmed. In the especial walk alluded t» above, he certainly cannot be said to have had any superior among his contempo raries. As an interpreter of Shakespeare a more qualified judgmeat must be recorded. Mar. jDillon can scarcely be said, as has already been . intimated, to have taken high rank in that fields but, if no single one of his Shakesperian imper sonations was satisfactory on the whole, it mttst- be confessed that many of them wera occasionally lit uu with flashes of something that approached pearly akin to genius — as, for instance, the con clusion of the closet scene in 'Hamlet.' The looks and gestures of Charles Dillon, as the ghost disappered, had the genuine touch of nature. As most of oiir readers are doubtless aware, tho Mr. Dillon at present performing at the Queen'e Theatre, in this city, is a aon of the deceased tragedian. 