EIGHTEEN YEABS ALONE A IA1E OP THE PAOmO, ^ OEAPIEBJ Off the s^roup ^mrnonl3 called the Ss-nti BarbaraTa'ands, BO near the laain-l&ad; that, on -the map tiiey Efem mere crumbs :.of the' Pacific coajfc little is known even b/ GUtfornians Scarcely an Amcrlcw "but has: read of the tropical IBlaudt where tbe teythicaliEobinBoniCrMoe ,wa«.wreeked, Teji: few persons, know: that over »th8: desolate steeps of jl surer .laland ol.the,same yast-sea liang ttie mystery, the horror and tho pathoB of a rtory |of a captive wom»n; » story, 51 it .could be fnlly toia, more thriUiag.-rthan t'bat of Crusoe,tiaasmuch u one is fictiQB,-the jsther fact; cut, the* supposed exploits of a hardy man, the other, the nal deBoUtion of a differing woman; one, the tale o! a mariner .whom the:Vatera flnng^ agaiast.his wHl inton Bummer-laTid, jthe other, of one who . voluntarily breatted the waves, and fought death, iu reBponBe:to the hlghe»t lov« : of Which the human heart is capable. f- 1'he Santa Barbara Islands,'on one of which this atrange romance: was. .enacted, lie jto .the.Boutfiward •of ,San^a :-B»rb»raxhannel,\ the nearest of the group being about twentyf Sve milea distant from the mam-land. 7he names of the Itlands are Anacapa, Santi Boaa, San Miguel, Santa Cruz, Santa Catilina, j3»B. Clemente, Santa Barhara, ,San Nicolaf. They are now uninhabited, and have been so ior yeais; The lal&nds; nearer -ihe coa6i:. are used-dEor :^heep-:grazing »ail^ boat carries over the shearers snd. brings back the wool.^The more distant ar» known to trappers as fine beds of otter and seal. *The sea-hons and aea-elephants In: the CantennlaL Eiposi tion, New York iAqnannm and Cincin nati, Zoological ^Gardens were laaaoed off the ostlyiug ialaaas of the Saata Barhara group:: Boats vmt the beaches for obalonoa, the meat' of which is dried and shipped, to. China :for food, while the shells (Uahofos splendens. Saliohs mfescens and BaXwtis aaxhero6,n)j .solaatan average -price of -fifty dollars per; ton at .the-San Francuco wharf, are bought by ^dealers in jnarjee ebellsj cut into'. 3eweliry to besold.to tomiafce, or shlppeditoj Europe, to be msnuJactnrod into buttons and other pearl ornaments. Excepting the occasional camps of ahearaM, seal-hunters' and s^alone-packera,; the islands are totally, deserted. v :( Xet, wild and desolate as ttley now are, ; Oabnllo says that m the fifteenth eentury they were .densely peopled by a.superior race,^^ auduat tnemam-land was dotted by villages;-: The cniiaren of.tliB islanders are - desaribed by car/y navigatoro as being " white, withlight hair anp:roddy:oheeks;" and ; the womeni as havug " fine foinis, beautiful eyea and a jnodest domennonr,' The men wore loosecloaks, the-women dresaedan pettiooats and; ospss:oi:eea5rEkin, heavily fringed -and hsndsomely ornamented. The more industrious: and wealthy embroidered : their garments 5 wit-n pearl and small pmk shells.- Necklaces; ot aparkiing stones -and. carven ivory were worn by the :higher oaBte,'and ear-rings of; ins huea Sbalone were not jracommon, Xli6y cooked their foodin: soapstone veeBelgj; or in water heated by .dropping hot -stones ' into watei- light baEkets. 33anoroft, in his " Uative 3aces,'? ..mentions; -among articles; of their.mannfactnre, oeeaies, iwJs and fish-' hooks, ol bone or shell:; water-tight baskets;- ol!»s ol stone, and canoes^-deep and long, with both stem -and stern equally jeievated: above the water. Fletcher wrote of the: coast when he visited it with Sir .Franoia Drake in 1579. In the year 1542, Cabrillo landed at what 1 is now known as San Miguel, and/shristenea it I'sul dePosesion. fie diea on the island in 1543, and is buried in its sands. Going back still further id our search, we find that before ihe:Spanish fleet, Sir Prancia« Drake or Oabrillo erer visited the eosst, the villages thereon were thrifty .and populous; and the isies of the sea swarmmg oities of the period. ; Of San Nicolas, on ybich the: scenes of; this -wild romenoe. are laid, very little has been known until a recent date. 5t iB the • outermost o£ tae gi- oup. distant seventy miles from the cosst, and thirty miles awayfrom itsmesrest neighbour.- >it'3S-thonght to; ihave be6n at one time the abode of a people .: difienng m manners, habits and mode of life Irorn the- inhabitants-both of Ihe mam-: lane a&£ the neigbbooring islands. Sfons. De. CesBac, a gentleman engaged'in eoileot-: ing iarcbasoiogicai'.specimens lor the.Frenoh Govemraent sajs that the relics fonnd by him on San Nicolas are more elaborate in form and finish, and show a superiority:,of workmanship. Tills testimony tends to confirm ihe story of tne early.voyagers eonoern mg the cultivation and remarkable taste -of ihe hanascme dwel'ers in Gha las hat, centnrics ago Mons. Ps Oessac has found also upon San Nicoiae articles of warfare snd domestic use, evidently belonging to a northern tribe,«rmlar to those pioked up by ;him on the borders of Alaska Henoe, he infers that: the place wasn at one tune the dwelling of north country tntea. Corroborating Mons. X)e Oessae's opinion, search : through ancjent .maijMcript . has brought to light the fact that, many years ago, a ehjp belongmg to Pope and Boardman, of BoBton, and:commanded by one Captain Whilmore, .brought down torn Sitka a' lot of Kodiaks lor the purpose oi .otter-ihunfang on: San Nicolas Jsland:-i33iey were left npontheisland, and years :of feud resulted in a -inas- .sacrej mrwhich every giown male iBlander: was killed by the powerful and well-armed! Kofhaks, The women were taken by the 1 , victors, lived with them as myeg, End bore children lo -the murderers ol their husbands -and. fathers.;: Theiaefc 16 recoraea ihst the nhabitants . ot San Nioolas iftdea -away gtrsngely-iina. rapidiy, ,;so: thaVin 1 1S30, less: thantwo score men, women and "chiiaren'ia.: mmued of the once dense popniation. Meantime, (Franciscan zealoteponredlrom; the south of Europe into America, and, under lead ol Father Janipero Serra, found their way up the coast, building churches beside the sea, .planting igardsEs ofidiye.sand; palm,-making aqueducts and altars, founding a kingdom ot temporal snd spintual splendour, which leaves to Protestant America the aameB-of saint? set indehbiyjon' BTery Btream, headland and iBland along .ihe: southern slope ol the Pacific. It was Ihe dawn -cf?a-temporary civilisation,;imposmg;: ana wonaerfol,B civiliBation.jfhose-rtunB are most artistic and iasomating Ihe.miBBionarieB preBBedthe Sndians'into: service. They set them to tilling tbe toil, ihe #ockp and quwrying the rook.: She ooast Indians^hnviogieeD.ipat'to^aboBr,.- the thnfty padres ttoned their -gaze to Ithe islands in Ihe offing, and brought" to the :mam^and ithe-people 3rom Santa 7 £oBa;^anj Miguel, ^anta <3ruz and Santa Oatalwa.! 3!he:jnore ; diBtant>iBland;of:San .-Nicolas'iwar left a white tu rcpoi-e in its htathtn durkntfc. the island ^e have no accuunt. At this da; ihe queen islerl tiha las hat lies bare anil silent as i tomb amidst tho sea In'ithia depertea^spot^ ior eighteen .years;] a human being lived alone. Here she "was tfHRuKhfdMt h.v fish«rmen ! ;;ffho^re[.ji7ingj; <and 'whose affidavits, properly witneseedj': jstamp as true every detail of ihe Tremaik:; aWe-incident..:-.: OjiAI'li5H II. :j.? Ju the-y6ar 1 1", Isaac '-parks snd lew fa L. Buiton, AmuiiLsnE, chartered a schooner of twenty tone burthen, lor otter hunting on *h- lower Califcrsia cckI. Toe vcessI was: owjiefl %v:w n<>b--Spanjarafof:.Moi!ter' V, aao wo cjmiussiaia dj GifS&m; Guam J Hub , •i ar>". Th'fl tclioonrr bure the name Pcor & 'Ne<ia, aud ahe started-oat of fca'nta iiE.thara Harbour on a fine April morning, iollowea by the -eyea of the entire population. In thoae-timeBthesightoiiaiiailingvesselwaB not an 'every-day^ooounenoe.' It drew }he men?to the-,beaoli, ihe womeii. to the caae- -ments; and attracted 3the -friars 'from "thejr: iinsual: imeaitative igsze gm . ground *or SbooV:, J?or i.ours previous to the departure of-the schooner, the curving >streioh of Sana "had beBn'aliyewitb'raciDg-.hoMemen'aDdslazy pedestnanB, exchanging, m Spanish, worde of praise conoerhiEg their visitor ' After » succesBful€ruiw, the Pcor (fs jfdda came three montbs Jater, into the more southerly harbour of San Jedro, Unloaded -her .p6lt«, »na immediately, under direction ot Captain Williams, collector of the port,i set sail ior San JNicolas to inng the: islandera $othe mam-iand,lnaccord»nce3inth the will ot the ihorch fathen. 3Before they, reached theu desViaa^dn annaden gale came up, rising alrooet to -the severity a- tempest. The mads—which by ihe Santa: Tue*. monntwn* ate deflected • -bom: the vaflsyji of the r^)titheni.£out—atrnck with fall force »pon the upper end of San" Sicola«, lashmg tbe shoal watenlnto fury, andehootmg the spray In volleys through; the picturesque carvmga of the low cliffe. Jhe landing was effected with difficulty.: The wind increased in violence. The. weather jjEcame jo boUteroui aa .to «naanger the safety of the venel. Ko tune was wasted. The islanders, aome twenty in number, were hnrried onto the sboats,>andsU; ajtesd was made to reach the schooner. In the excitement and confusion of the final abandonment nf ^heir home,.it. was not known until they were on the ship that a child had been -left behind.:,,-She-mother suppoaed.it to have been carried aboard in ,the arms of an old- sailor. She frantically Implored the men to return. The captain replied that they muat get to a place of: safety; rafter the storm—to morrow per haps—they would come back for the baby. Finding that they were going out to sea, the young mother became desperate, and,.despite, rail effortB V>- detain .her, j umped ovtrboard, and struck out through the kelpy waters for the shore. She was a widow,{ between twenty and thirty years of age, ot mediumheight and-fine form; her complexion was light, -and her hair "of a dark, rich brown No attempt was made to rescue her, and in •A moment she-was loatm .the'seething waves., The ship, already under-headway, staggered •through the afeorm; the aftrighted islanders huddltd togetaer on decs:, and fear ' ahut' •every other-emotion for the time from their hearts. After sn adventurous voyage, the few is'. fflada leventuslly reached iSm "Pedro;-where the exiles were landed. Some ot them were sent to Iioa. Angelos, fifteen milea back from the . coast; sonie were put to-woz'k m the •neighbouring ^mission: ot, San Oabriel: two oE fhe-'women were noon -married to wealthy' men of Los Angelos. It was the intention of Captain Hubbard to returc to Ssa Kicoiaa immediately, to see if the woman or child were living. But the achooner had orders to come dircct to' Santa Barbara, to take George Nidiver and a party of otter-hunters to Santa Boaa Island; afterward, carry from Monterey a cargo of timner to San rEraucuco; -i The ' boat: was -iS' i urgent; demand along the ;coasfc/ »nd these two .trips:.were imperative before & ^second; visit could be made to San Nicolas, Delaying .their- errand- of. humanity and j uatice 'a iew iweeks, they lost ifc: for sever j ior on .that ivery trip -the:;P®r<.6 JTado capsized, at v the^ entrance to J tie Golden Gate. The men were washed ashore in an almost ^exhausted condition, and tne schooner anfted out to sea. It was reported long alter, though withoufc conarmatioft, to have been picked! up by a ilusilan ship. After ttie loss of the Konterey schooner, there was no emit ot ray Juad larger -than; the «suaoe*~wi3 fishing-boata on the lower eoait. No one cared to attempt a passage of atventv mlif.8 to Sill Nicolas JU an open boat, and alter a-time. the excitement aaa interestfaded- out. Those who at first had -been: most sohcitoua ihat MSigfcancB shouid - ba sent; settled into the belief that the couple iad perUhed daring the day* of waiting, the remainder of the community, never llaving believed that -the- woman had reached ahore through the storm,-were lndifierent>unppos-; ing that the child had died <aoon Matter - the Ingle death of the mother. Their uncertain late lay heavy on the mora tender-hearted of the imusion fathers ; biitit .vu^nOt',-until,;1850 :thi»tv®ither: Goii-i zalea found an emiuuy to search tor the lost.h Thomas. JefEuea/hail come into poaaes-; sion of r a «mail echooner, and 1 waB offered £50 should he bring the woman or child to Santa Barhara alive. Fifteen years having pasaed since the ahandonment of the island, and, no one having visited the spot during ;that.tim«,»the probability isfthedeath'aof the!; parties, was mdvemally accepted,- Blthongh so actual proof of .death had been sought or found. _ But when "Thomas Jeffriei' boat was *een, at the close of a balmy day ot midwinter/ coming: up the: bay .without ,the signal he \--waa to have tdisplayed provided his aearoh h«.d been aucceeaful, the matter was -aettled: G»ups: of>i>e»oii9 congregated-«s>the:BaQds. ; •Some-twatched ^irom >ahore'the'small «raft" toid her wings and settle to rest on the mirror-like water, others put off in canoes to meet Ihe boatmen; md^ossip concerning the trip. Jefeeshad found no trace cf hvlng beings on the island, aha whether the woman had Seen ije&ten; to death in tue auri,x>r died' aftetgaming -the la»4 wonld probahly never -beitoowB;:- :vThe.:-achooaer*. was' 1 left-:aaiy rocking.cloge to ^Iioro j uaiiors aad iandsmea strolled slowly up to the town. Night mantled the moaning waters, and the great deep wasieft on .possession of another secret. »fr«ah :the incident, :nhlch :by,some had Ibsen aimoit forgotten. For 'a few hourllittla -was jtpdked of save the heroic young mother -and her; xniia.mthesoa-girt isle. \-- 'Time paaeed awiftly oiijand in 'the dreamy full contentment-of the land the dead wozaa ol ,San Nioolas slipped Jiom mindf and thought, Jind speech. CHAPTER III.: Tom JjawBiis 1 visit to San Nicolas'Wai the; theme -of more than one daj'g goiaip. Ttie lBlandhe^eacribedaB-sevenbr-elghtmil^ long, by ihtee or jour in width; the body of the land near lis hundred' feet 'above 'the :heach,-the.piafe»u:faliingmateep:gtdche«to the -sea 1 TChew were quantities oi small lark Inland,' 1 hat v no other "fowl, jav^!,«en \ gulls, jehcans aha shags. ^Njimbera of red foxeaswere ieenvln -.theiiUa/and-drovea-ioI enrions wild ^doga, tall ^and dender, coafte, long'-hair andhuman eyes. On a fiat, f near jth'e^npper end'of the Island, And half jiiaden by sanfr dunes, he lound the remalna tof A curious iuVinaae oiy^SHef itbs planted This^ie judged to have been"iofmefly -.-_„, She residence the^chitl,' pt iTplaee, of worship yhere «aen^s"ji'ere offered. He had .picked np jnveulSillM, or ^easels jOf clouaea, «ieen *erpe»tuie." Bnt ol all ihe wonaer« & the Ulina,^leatare'a 5n>hich Je^itamed^eat to dwell were ^da, of ott« and seal la th./vJcud«7 of tiu N'colss. So fabulous W6re bis yams, that 'h" Jrtcresf of th° olh>r hunierp waa •reused, and early In the folloring year a boat was fitted out, and George Nidivor, -a-compaaied by Tljomae Jefftjss and a crew of Indians, started on anxjfcter hunt to the wonderful otter-beds eeventy miles a way- Alan ding was effected near the #oathezn en d of ibe island, and, cllmbme the cliffs to «»e where-the otter lay, they had a magnificent Vi»w of the islands to the north and east On the south west "the Pacific rolled; out ifcaaznrebre&dih.;'rasg^ckedhyahara/or raft, or spot of any kind.' The island on which -they • stood: seemed a qtaet, deserted «pot,- in the sunshine that then, enfolded it. Bnfcterflies hovered over the* wild aage upon "the knolls; soft breezes' rocked lazily the scant grass about their feet; thickets o! chaparral dotted the hills; cactus "held out- waxen "/trays,' where,5 on burnished mats of t-homa, reposed fringed'; :yeUoW3»atln :flowers r |;a traitog : 'sand plant,? with thick; doughy leaves, wafted from Its : p>nk clnstera a. moat delicious odour—an - odour that had fn It the haunUng sweetness 1 •fltthe arbutua and- the- freshneea ol the salt sea wind, i - The otter-hunteri/did not linger long cn the; cIi^-;^or ^ons one side they .founa thejrocks..swarinSng' with .hlack.isea, thouiiahas: of them mingiing their sharp bark with the heavy .roar «f sea lions, The otter were thick on the.reefs, and a stranded whale lay in the edge of th e crinkling surf. The partyremained slx weeka in camp on the beach. Oars stuck opriiht in the sand, - covered by canvas, composed their shelter; spring -waa ifound .midway op --the - cliff, bo.that,during ihelr stay, no one ,had ;occa- «ion go inland or wander far -from the ctterrbeds. which- were on,the. .iide el the.- island where ineir: tents were pitched. The sealjs caught aslenp on the rocks, lassoed or knocfcediln the head ; lnciaions aremaBe in i the fiippers, lower Jaw, hp and tail, and about :-lour minutes are required by a good workman to akin an ordinary seal. The hidea ate salted, and, after a week or two, bnnaiedand packed; .The .otter, most timid o£ the animals of the sea, is caught m nets spread upon swaying beds-of se«-weed, oris shot while lying with .head buried m kelp to. shutout, the sound of a storm.:,Sift is very sensitive to noise, and so shy that it takea alarm »t every unusual sight.'' The loose: hide is taken from the body with one cut/ turned wrong.side ,out, stretched and dried;* .Before the schooner" left' the vicinily of 1 San Nicolas, a terrible storm arose, lasting for eight days, carrying away a mast and araggmg the: anchor, so that another had to' be improvisea of a bag'filted with stones. Poring the tempest, a sailor fancied'he Saw; a hnman figure on the Tieaaiand of the island. Througu the waahes of spray It seemed to ha running up and down the edge: of the plateau,; beckoning and shoudng;" The captain - - waa called; ; ;'but the apparition hsd vanished.- On the eighth- day, : the -schooner 1 waa - enablad-; to run -:over to San! 3tiguel, -and ftom' mere to -Santa-^Barbara, where: the Bailor's storyof the beckoning • ghost.of San Nicolaa'hannted for.a long time' the.dreama of the superatitioua on shore.: : : A second cruiae of the otter- huntera failed to bring any: additional news" of the phaotom of: the sea. • Everything on land waB-iuaV as before j not a leaf had'bBea disturbed, not: a track waa found. In July, iS53a the otto-men made a' third trip to San Nicolas, anchored oSE the north ea8t side, snd-eatshlished: a: camp on ahore.,' The party consisted of Captain Nidiver, a fisherman named earl Derman, who went among sailors :hy:the soubriquet of . Charlie" f Brown, an Irish coDk and a crew of Mlsaion -Indians. ' The -evening -after :their - arrival, Nidiver'i and Brown strolled several: miles down ; 'the : beach; enjoying; their pipes- and discussing: plana for work. It was one of those limpid nighttj Buca. as, California knows—a night when the stars shine large and warm from the ;low Jiky, when the moon- burne -with an amber blaze, and fm^rance Is In the air. \- :AB: iihe .comradeavjwere .'about . to "retrace. their steps, Nidiver: stopped, looked quickly -about : him,:: then:..::.6vopped, ::-and:- closely 'axaaBmed-jBomathag^oii.<tb«tpwiitid;.' '.' < Iir : theweird moonhght, plainly OHtllned" on - the' > lenaly shore, waa the print of a ^slender, naked foot. ' " The woman of San Nicolaa! My God, she is living!" He lilted his voice, and shouted m Spanish that friends were come to rescaoiier. Overcome by- theconviction:that-.ihe:iost woman. : nmBt have been near vfhen he was in camp two yeaia before—that It was not a creation olffaiscy, but a iivmg being they had seen ini the storm—the .captain ran to and fro, calling, looking and swearing by turns Honrs were spent by the two men in search,' but in v>un. The-next day, Hidiwr found a basket of : rushes hanging in a tree. It contained bone needles, thread made of sinews, shell fi«h-- hooks, ornaments, :and a partially completed' Tobe of birds! plumage; made of small>aqnares neady matchedanasewedtogether. Nidiver proposed .replacing the -things, but Brown scattered them about »»ying that, if they were picked up, it would be proof that the owner-had. vjuted the apot.:..Inlande theyj discovered several circular, roofleasinclosurea, made of woven brush. Near .these shelters were poles,-with dried meat hanging-from elevated croaa-pieces. .The glass waa growing In. Ihe pens, and: nothing indicated their recen£.habitation. :IhfiBSureB of perpendicular rocks near the springs were wedged dried fiah: ' and seals' blubber; but no sign of the near presence of the hermiteis. After several days the men abandoned the chase. ;The» was no ;donbt< that <«ome •one iad been on the island very lately. •Blither the uroman; or the ::child grown to womanhood, had lived there, or, perhaps, • ioth mother ana child had survived until recently. But they, muat have been dead months at least. The footprint was 'older than at firat *appoee<3, The robe had not ; been replaced In the tree. The captive: perchance,died of despair after they left her . Reckoning In the storm, K After-iha^sthe fiahmg .went, onfor weeka,-.. and .ihey;Were:;ahoutireturning home, when Nidiver said he believed a person m hiding, ps the island. If she waa living he waa bound to^find her. If dead, he would find ier"boay if he "had to scrape the iaiand inch: hy mch:«Thia^prpvokedi a laugh iof aerialon^ Of course the mid dqga had devoured her-! ;remains. "But Nidiver was convinced that, the woman -waa afraid j hadconcealedherseif,' poBBibly on the .opgopite^alde nf the island, whereahe'Bhore.waavpreciplfcona/difiicultof »cceaB,containingperhap5gulchB8«ndcaveB. unknownto'them-'lhemen-.m^mured^t: .the.dehiyjiWMe'Sn-or^nlouaassioihejiraceeaa of jtheaaid/TebeUedat theilong i trampa over a"wild country. 1 " " >r | .-ahe!bia^ap tain,waB;firm;;.suit able,preparations were made; and the'entire force of otter-men rtarted on'their final 1 hunt for »' ghost. "JMear 1he head of the island ^faejfi cam6 ACroas the v hone house Jeffries had: deacrihe'T Bushes Were -gkiUSlylntbrlaceci! -in tbe lib frame work, anvils andsold'haBket*: were" 1 Hear the Bobr. It jtoo'a amidst nntmnpled weeds. Alter several days' march;® adangerouBicllmhloverslipperj-rockshrong'ht: Srownioaipoi.where.thereiwerefresh-fooV| prints. He "followed them up'the cliffa untilf .lhey,.wfire^oat.-«i.She:thiokmoB8 , thatoovered: ' the ground.' 1 Walking further,''ie -iouna . jpieceioisariftiwooaifromswhiohiiejoonoruded ihe^eison had^been;%o,the;beaoh for^fire-; mooi, snd dropped the hggot on toi w»y home Fromah.gh point fm the ndizs be siw <!jo mei muM.ii out lelow men his eye oavgbfc a smsl 1 object a lrcg w-.v on the hills It appeared like a cot? atfirst gUnce; but it moved aooat in & eingnlsrmanrer. Advancing toward ±t stealStnly, he was damblonoded to find that it was the head of a woman, barely visible: above tho low .wp.ven-brssliiEideB of-her roofless retreat in the bushes. •As Brown -drew -nearer, a -pact: of dog" reclining close lo the woman growled, hut without looking around the woman uttered a peculiar cry jmieh silenced them, and they ran away to the Julie.' Brown -halted within a iewyards.of her, . and, himself unseen, watched avery -movement : within .the ' hut;- Inside the inclosure was a mound of grsss, woven baskets full' of things, and a rude iknife made iof a piece of-iron- hoop, thrust into a wooden handle. A fire smouldered near, and a pile of hones lay in the ashes. The complexion .of . the woman ' was much fairer than tfnesordinary. Indian", her personal appearance pleasing,, features • regular, her -hair, thick and brown, faiimg about her shoulders in a tanglea mat.: .From the time Brown arrivea within hearing, she kept up a fiontinual .talking to- herself: She was leaninglorward; shaaing her: eyes, with her: hand, watching the men orossiog the flat bolow her dwelling. After looking at them with an anxiety impoisBible to be- depicted, Bherorouohed in terror, 'but 1 immediatelyi started up ;8S if to ran.;: The men on the flat haa not seen her, and Brown, putting bis hat on the ramroa'oi his gnu, alternately lifted and iowereait to attract their attention; then -by sigueie iaiimatea : that .the woman, .was found, and they should spread out so as to. catch her.if she tried to escape. Before the' men reachea the ; knoll, Brown stepped around m Bight and spoke. : She ;'gavo'a lightened look into his face, ran afewsteps; bm, instantly coatrlolhng herBelf, stood still' ana addressed him m. an unknown- tongue.: She . seemed to the'between -forty and fifty years of aige,-in fine physical condition, erect,. with -well-formed neck and-arms and no-! fWrinHedilace.' :Sbe was dressed, in a tameshaped' garment made of birds' plnmage, low an ithe neck, sleeveless, and reaching to! jbgjjanlde. Tho dresa was similar to: the jone^ound .in'the tree. AB'the men came up, she greeted them eaoh. in the way she had met Brown, and with a simple dignity, not without its eSEect on both ludiane and white men, made them welcome and set about piepanng food for tbem from her scanty -store. - The meal conBisted of roasted! roots, called-by Gahfornmns co.rcam.ites; bat ,when:-was there known-a ;more 'tmuhing-' hospitality y Among tbe Indian crew, there .were several , dialects spoken, bat' none of the party were : able to converse-with their hoBtess, orunSerstand \- a word ehe uttered; and they were foroed to-try and- make" her know by signs that, she was espected to'-go -with them. Brown went through the motion of packing -her : things in''-baskets;' shouldering them, ;and-walkmg:toward the beach..'She coxnprc- ;hended..instantlya.-and-.made "preparations to" depart. Her effects ware neatly placed in pack-baskets, one of which she-swung over her back, and, taking a- burning stick from the-fire; she started with a firm tread after the:Indians to the shore. .Beside: the load, the female Ctuso carried,'Nidiver and Brown, had: their: arms fuIL Upon, reaching the; .boat, a"he entered wltaout • hesitation, going forward to ihe bow; kneeling' and hoioing'to! either side. When the schooner was reached; she went .ahoard .without any trouble, sat down near the stovem the cabin, and quietly matched -thB men io .their work on. board-. ,To-;replRce"-'her- feather dress, which he • wiahed to preserve,-Brown made ner a petti- ,ecat of .ticking ? and with a man's cotton abut; and gay neckerchief; her eemi-civmeed dresa wae : complete. Whiie Brows was ^ewing she watched himclosely, and' laughed atv hte manner of using * needle. She showed; him that her . way "was to pnnctuce the cloth with "her hone needle, or, aw3,..and .then -put tue thread \- through the perforations.: . She signified that she wjBheS to try a : threaded, needle, and Brown good-naturedly, gave her. sewing materials; bat she couldnot thread the needle. Brown prepared 1t. and.g4ve her an oldcloak of iNidiver's to mend, and while she took her first leBBonm sewing, she told her telenet on shipboard; hy signs, portions of her life on the island She had from time to time seen shipB pass, but none-came to.take her of!. She watohed as Hong as ehe-oould^see them, and, after they! were ontcf eight/sBe threw herself-on the, ground and taed. but alter a time she walked over the island until Bhe forgot about it and: conld Bmile again. She had also seen people omtne beach.several times;*. She was afraid and hid until they were gone, ana then wept because, she iad -not made herself known. ! She-said that he had taken her by snrpriBe. and -she oould not run; and she was glad because ho would take her to her people; her people had gone away with white men in a ship. Brown understood -by, her signs that at the tune of the! desertion of therrsland she 'had a nursing babyj'.whioh she represented by sacking her finger, and .'placing riier armvin position' of holding > an infant at the breaet 5 -she waved her hand over the ges, to indicate that the ship e&iied; away, calling haok " Manana" (to-morrow); then she could not find her child, and wept nntil she was v«y ill, and .lay .proatrate^^ for..days, in a. bed of plants, -resembling .'Gabbage; and-called:, by -.Galifor-; mans " Sola Santa " She had nothing to eat bnt the leavea. When she revived eome- what, 3She; «rawled to a epnng; and after- a time,:asJier strength returned; Bhe made fire by rapidly rubbing a pointed stick along the groove of a flat stick .until'a spark was struck;'! It was a difficult task, and she was careful not to let her firoeo out', she took h-ands with her on her tn{£, and covered the home fire with ashes to preserve it. £ She lived during her- captirify on fiahj-seals' blubber, roots and shellfish; and the hirds, whose akins she secured for clothing, were, sea-blrda, which she caught at night off.their, roocts ib the seams of the crags. The bush mcloaures she made for a.-screen from thej :winda; and as a:protection while asleep: from: Wild- animals.;-'She made freqnsnt'cxour- Bions over th* island from her main dwelling; which was a large cave on the north end of San Nicolas. She kept dried meat at each campmg^tatien ;;'the;:food! in >theicrewces-by tbe springs waa for the time when, fromsickness or old age, she would only, be able toarawl to the.'water:and»hve' -on what.-:ahe had'there 'stored-out of reach ol the doge That the woman had faith in a supreme power was evinced soon after the schooner set sail from the fishing gronndgs. A gale overtDOlSihem; sandihe-passengersinade :Signa that she wouldustopthe wind. With her face turned in the, directionfromwhioh the storm :ijjamey;sheimu4tered.^words:of prayer nntil ihe; iwind'had; abptedstheniturnea.withia AeamM ang.conn'tenBnoe.ana-'motioned.that.her ^petitiondiad^een.ftnEwerean^irheyjanohoted: ^der ,-ihe, lee <ii Eanta-Ornz where ihe woman 'pasidiusKljiinterested im^B^singian-: other island than her own. When lhe| :appro»oheatheshores:oI.SantaBarbara,.a!i cx team jpassed along the heach. The! ^}r»ngerwapcom^etelyibewilderea.;:Captam' Nidiver'B son, -who iad lieen onthe lookout tor his father's aail, rode down to the landing tin atha'ndBome'little'-bronpTio Th& aBlanaer,'.'whohad-4uitiSteppea;ashore,'vyas wild with delight She touched jthe horse: j fand -iexamined the lad, talkingirapidly, ana,. . z if;the^ailor8^ned»way;acShngitoAhemi.to! come bMlrana^Qok Thsn-ihe frifd 1o *ep r eEent tbe novel si<»bt by pn^mg two 01-aer right-hand over She tuumb of "-r left, moving them to imitate ihe ho*as valfcijipr. Captain Nidiver -condaotel ihe woman io his hatne.-aud'put her;in vcharge of: bla Spamch wife Tne nem' SB T ea .log, l?a.her Cocz^les, of Santa Barbara, Misbioq, came to see her.; -many persons gattared from4be ranches: round about, and tbe house was -Crowded constanlly.i.:3?he.brig^'re7ii07itfcame 3ito port soon af«er, and the captain offered Niaiver,tne;Jialf'of ./whatie would make, if hss,; wouia. allow!Jier, to;.be exhibited'in San iFrancisco. Tlns-cfier was retnsed, and also another from a Captain Tmssil. M'«. Nidiver wouia not hear of th6 fnendiess creature being made a .ahow - for'tbeicarious .. Tne . bsreft inotherr-'evmeed-the greatest ioijdnesB -for iMre.'sNidiver-aiOhildren, caress-: mg and^playingjwith them by the hour, and telling the,-lady, by ;sigoB; <that when Ehe swam jback ito tliei sliore 4isr: baby was gone; and she believed -the : aoge had eaten it. She want-over,.again and again, her .gnef fet £ lts-loBB^: her>frantn>;searoh:for. it, even^fter it had been;:gene a long time ;"Tier dread ot being-alone;..her hope,' for y8aiB; of-rescue, aoa at- iasi the despair 4hat in time oecame resignation.: which ahe -put aside until the donors had departed,. •Eeemiug -to know by intnition that they .would-be offended if she refused to accept thembut as soon as the: guests were gone .she called-, the, bttle children,' and distributed-her .gifts among-them, laughuisr if they -were, pleased, and happy in their joy. .--••'-. -...-. ".' i A few -days-after "her: arrival, Father : Antonio:Jimeno.'seut for Indians' from the missions of San Fernando and Santa Yuez, m hope of finding'some one who could eonverse-with;-the -islander.":. At that "time . there were Indians living in Los Angelos county, belonging-to the Pepimaros, who, it was saidyhadinformer.years commnnica- - tion--with-the Sau Nicolas Indians.- -But neither these, nor those from San Buena Yentnra, or Santa Barbara, could under-: stand her, or make themselves understood- I11 less than two. decadep. after tne little; . 'band;.had, left San Nicolas,, their where- - abouta could not he discovered. . They were a mere drop in the stream of serfB' fcnown by the .general name of Mission Indians. Beyond a few., words, nothingwas ever-known pf her. tongue; A hide she .called io-co (io-iay) ; a man, . »ittc7i&,a (nah-chey) ; the sky, .fergua, (tay-gwah) ; thehody, jrawhe (pm-oo-chey). She learned fi a few Spanish words : nan- (bread),_j)apas • (potatoes), cabaUo (horse). Sometimes -ehe "•• csflled- Captain ^Nidiver, in Spanish, t-xto . (father), sometimes nana (modier.) . , :The rgentlenees,; mode3ty and -Rct of the untutored wild woman of the Pacific were so : foreign to. ideas of the savage: nature, that some parties, believed that she was not an Indian, but a person 01 distinction cast away - by shipwreck, and adopted by.the-islanders before their removal iipm their home- Others were certain, from her evident refinement, that she had not been long alone, but haddrifted to San Nicolas aft§r the Indian -woman penshed in the surf, and.had by mistake been taken for the original savage. The old sailors who rescued her affirm that she was an Indian, .the same who jumped, from the schooner to save her child- The representative of a loBt trioe; she stands out from the Indians ol -the coast, the possessor of noble and distinctive traits; provident, cleanly, tasteful, amiable, imitative, considerate;-and with a maternal devotion which civilization Has never-surpassed.. ' Stic was greatly disappointed when none of her kindrea were found. She drooped under civilization; she missea the out-door life of her island camp; After a few weeks she became too weak to walk; she was carried on to the porch every: day in a chair.- She dozed-in the sunshine, while-the children .. playecl around'her. -She-was patient and cheerful, looking-eagerly into-eveiy new face for recognition, and sometimes singing softly to'.herself. -Mrs. -Nidiver 'hoped a return to her old diet would help her.' She procured-seal's meat; and roasted it in ashes; /VThen 1 the sick woman eaw ity she patted;-; her nursed'--hands affecfaonately; hut could not eat the food. -She fell from her : chair; one morning, - and remained insensible for-honrs.-- Seeing the: approach ' of deaths Mrs.:Nidiver sent for a priest to baptise her.-jwo^ff^.-- At first.-he refused,- not knowing but that ehe had been baptised previousIy;saithough. the burden of proof •was against it. At length, heeding the : kind Catholio lady^s.distress,; he consented to administer the-mte, conditionally. As she was breathing her-last, the sign-of the oross.waa:pressed-on >her cold .brow, and the unknown and nameless creature was christened, by Father ; Sasahezy m the 'beautiful Spanish, " Juana lEarie."' In a walled cemetery, from-whose portals gleam • ghastly skuU aud^ross-hones;'close to the Santa Barbara Mission; under the shelter -of the4ower,;-is -tbe'neglected grave -of' a devoted mother,- the heroine of San3fioolas. • Tliabandonment of San Nicoias occarredforty-six years ago. 1; The survivor of eighfceoa years'-.-.solitary.- captivity, arrived in Santa Barbara the 8 th: of September, 1853. Captain Nidiver's house, wherethe stranger died, stands in. sight of the ocean, and can bo pointed out by any souool-boy in the town. Nidiver and his wife are living;- anditneir son : George follows the sea;.as his father aid beiore him. Carl Detman, or Charlie Brown, as ihe is called by ;old-sailors, may be found any day where the retired boatmen con-- 'gregate.-.Thomaa vJefines walks the streets iu .-i)loase, .wide hatband :flowing -grey, hair. Dr. Blinkerho2, who attended the woman oi San Nicolas, is a weil-known physician of the; city, father Gonzales died a few years ago, after a icontinuous -reBidenoe of more •than a quarter oi a century sn the miSEion. For a :long,tune he.was partially,paralysea, and .was. earned; about in a ohau. , I re-, member him. as a little, .dark man, .with eyeB . that blazed unnaturally irom sunken: sockets, his,appearance rendered more startling by a white turban bonnd arotmd;his head. He is buried under ihe floor of the old chapel. .; The rambling mansioc on State-street, known as the Park Hotel, may have sheltered tourists who-jreadthisAccount. Itwaa... the.first brick bouse built in Santa Barbara; and. was:, the ...private:,residence,;ofc; Isaac,y Sparks, the lessee of the sail-boat irom whichr in lS35,; "the woman jumped over- , board. Burton's Hoqnd," a picturesque - knoll,threadedtbyraws of,olive trees, belonga., to IIBWIS Ii, Barton, another lessee ot the Pear gs Nada. A lady m San Francisoo :, had some Qf the islander's needles. Nidiver and Brown retain her curious water-tight ibaskets.' v^he : mission ' fetors,! sent'her leather 'robes to Eome. They;; were"" made of "the satiny plumage of ,! •th'e}gteBnscormorant;:the*feathers:.pomtog; downwardj'and bo ; Effifuily^atchBd.-aa to seem one "continnoha - EliBen oi , bhangcfnl . lnfltsr. * * ** The record of baptism is in the "church 1 regipter. -- Hflr 'gravS':will he pointed ont to!; anyone by 't.hB 'FranoiBcan broiherB on-.tiie '; hill,—Berliner's Magazine. " How are J you coming on Wjth seabathing ! 1 aBkei a lgentleman of in invalid "Splendid! I bathe-three tltoes a day." A t How do yen Jike it?'' " The doctor s'avs I" s mn»t a-Soddyiifter„each bath to restore fte* circulation 11J11V1 hoff I like it" 