A LADY'S LETTER PROM LONDON. Afbil 22. There iB only one Bubject of conversation in Great Britain to-day, and if we are to judge by the foreign presB, all Europe is as ex clusively occupied with it, the death of Lord Beaconsfield. After a whole" month of „hope and fear, the hope alwayB lees real than the fear, the great man whose life has always seemed to me to be,after that of Napoleon I., the most romantic in modern history, has passed away, serenely, and full of fortitude. " I would.rather live," he Baid, very recently, " but I am not afraid to die." A short time before the end, in the dawn of the chill spring morning, he was seen to raise him self, to stretch himself out and lift hiB arm in something like the old posture of debate, —an attitude that struck me by its grace and expressiveness, many years ago—and then he resumed the half-sitting pose which had been habitual to him during his illness, and moved no more. His last words were— " I am overwhelmed." This utterance re. minds us of the last words of the Duchesse d'Angouleme, Marie Ther6se of France, the "Orphan of the Temple"—"Adieu, adieu, je suis ajidantieLord Rowton was with his dear old friend, and held his hand until it grew cold in that faithful clasp. I do not think the public felt more anxious on any point during the long struggle that has ended so peacefully than for Lord Rowton's return to England. A kind of dismay seized us all when it was announced that the serious ill ness of his sister was detaining the friend for whose presence the sick man craved, at Nice. But he was enabled to get back, and was with his " chief" to the'' end all here." Lord Beacons field was very much beloved by all his house hold and dependents ; there was a great deal of gentleness and urbanity about him, and hiB patience and constant consideration for others were strongly marked during the whole course of his lllnesB. Apart altogether from political considerations or circles, his popularity in society was very great; all women liked him; he was bo courteous to them, and so little self-asserting. In what esteem and regard he was held by his Sovereign it is needless for me to telL The Queen has been careful to mark her feel ings towards him beyond mistake. Her Majesty was profoundly distressed on being advised by the physicians in attendance that it would not be wise to carry out her gracious intention of visiting him before Bhe left London for Osborne, as the tranquillity of the patient was of the utmost importance. She j is deeply grieved by his death. Although the general wish that the great statesman, whoBe presence will be long and sorely missed from the palace, should be laid in the Abbey of Westminster was very natural and very strong, there is a tolerably contented ac quiescence in the decision of the executors that it cannot be. Lord Beaconsfield is, ac cording to hiB own desire, to rest by the side of her whom he described as "the severest of critics, but a perfect wife," in the vault under the church at Hughenden. The little churchyard is beautifully situated, and shaded by fine trees. Lord Beacons fieid was a great lover of treeB. I have not seen the place since I was a child, but I remember it well, aud, reading in the Nail}/ News how Lord Beaconsfield used to feed his peacocks on the terrace at Hughen den—he loved the splendid flaunting birds— 1 was suddenly reminded that all those years ago I saw a number of peacocks, quite a court pageant of them, when I was taken to Hughenden, so that I fancy they are traditional appendages to the old Buck inghamshire manor - house. The re-as sembling of the Houses of Parliament will have a strong personal as well as political interest; no doubt Mr. Gladstone will deliver one of his very best allocutions on the occa sion. Rivalry between himself and the ex Premier was practically at an end, the Liberal leader remained the final conqueror. It will be Btrange and grand to 'hear the pane gyric of Benjamin Disraeli, the Tory leader, who entered public lifeas an advanced Radical, " preached " by William Ewart Gladstone, of High Conservative antecedents, and the head of the .most Liberal Government that Eng land has ever boasted. Who will lead the fight that must come after that solemn, con signment of the great man to his restj and to the sacred reserve which death enjoins on all save '' good " words ?, The acceptance" by Lord Carliugford of the office of Lord Privy Seal is regarded with universal favourj his long xetirement, due to his insurmountable grief for the loss of his wife, hqs been'a de privation to bis party whiph would , have deepened into a calamity in, the presence of the onerous and vastly important' buqinesB of the conduct of the Irish Land BilL The seriousness of .public business jnakes itself felt thiB season/and the impression that troublous time? are coming iu Russia gains ground. The popularity of the Princess of Wales leads us to take ah interest in all. that interests her, and she is much troubled just now on account pf her siB toy, the Empress of RuBBia, and b'er brother,' the King of Greece. The pzarinaV nqrves are sadly shaken, and hpr health is seriously affected by the terrible death of the late Qzar and .the atmosphere , of ' terrorism and th'eetS in which she,, he? husband,' aud her children live. " Threatened mep,. live long," is a Baying which :Jnas lost; its consoling. force of late, sincp .the moat, threatened of men has beep, killed,, and, at Jthe best, neither tbeirppwer, their grandeur, nor the splendour and luxury ,oftheii.jbvto cap disguise the. fgct, that the Rupeipo, Imperial family are np, better wan prisoners.. .The palace they occupy is being entrenched Jpkp a fortress, thepreqautionsfoi their safety are. suph as bp ^naer^he^etateljeet;' lif£ hptjleu A - i ... . r"" uh({ myulnerebiltty forthe. Capr is fa^mg away; and, above all, there u iU aroppii them. that terrible sepse, ,frojn which even the p'roml spiritjOf Marie AmmnettP 'qhi^mhithongaahp had ten nurturedinjgnoianpepiy.the .tc.dqsmupttheaph _ _ e ,nineteenth jcqptury is, proirwalipg. There; is not anj ffigpye$ pf. th*, ^ Wringing of , a reafly arpat uaeh Wof>PJt, persona surrounding th&tv; least to be eJW Of monarcha, Alexander &{. ,TI . of the Hing of Greece is one of p. <ff;pWonafdi^cuI»r,,h»t neither,, envied- I dqnotspppoeBi there, ^ ; much alteration, or unproyepmpt to racter of the Greek*, abu* .tbenot' tant time wheat tow,tprn)$ Otbo (much to w uitimftts Mm not,greatly tajjheir own gsmj^anq-.. not turn out King becanM,he « get wlatthey wanjtfojr tfteipbe ww.ijrc owe their forbearance to a wholesome dread of hiB " big brother" in England, and his,other?, big brother in Russia. And that is .not. a pleasant or dignified position for b King, etton a very little one—indeed, royalty iB nowadays a " galley," into whioh it is not wiBe to shove one's oar. ■ , ■ 1 Very great interest and sympathy have been awakened here , by the terrible earth quake at the island of Scio. At first we did not at all realise the awfnlness and extent the catastrophe, bat the fullness of the details now received has made the due impression oh the public mind, and the public money is freely given to relieve the Buffering survivorfe of the calamity. We are " reading up" earth quakes ; some of us. would like to have a correct notion of what the "earthquake zone" really means; some. of. us would rather not know, lent, it might come too near to be pleasant. I have not heard of anybody who does not believe in the earth quake at Scio. Yonr readers will remember Mac&ulay;'s illustration of Dr. Johnson'B whimsical character by the fact that he positively refused to believe in the destruc tion of Lisbon by the memorable earthquake, and stood np stoutly for the genuineness of the Cock-lane ghost I If he were to revisit his old haunts juBt now, be would probably pooh pooh the calamity at Scio, ana believe in the Fletchers and the communications from Mrs. Ilart-Davies's " Mama." The conviction of Mrs. Fletcher in the notorious case which will have come to the knowledge of your readers has done much more than all the ex posures that preceded it to explode the mischievous folly called spiritualism. Easter Monday witnessed the opening of the new Natural History Museum, of whose progress I said something in a recent letter, and the crowds who flocked to the beautiful building from 10 o'clock until 4 sufficiently disproved the often-made assertion that the new museum is as mnch ont of the way of sightseers as the Bloomsbury one itself. \\\ hen the splendid collection of birds, the great mammalia, and all the " illustrations " of animal life are transferred thither from the British Museum, the Sonth Kensington Palace of the beasts will be better worth de scribing to yonr readers; bat I am glad to mention here that the vast Romanesque hall in grey and yellow terra-cotta excited the ardent admiration of the multitude. On Easter Monday, also, the National Fisheries Exhibition at Norwich was opened by the Prince of Wales, who was accompanied by the Princess and Prince Leopold. The exhi bition is expected to lead to results of great practical utility, and while it continues popu lar lectures are to be delivered in the town by Professor Hnxley and others. Before I left Dublin Mr. Howard Grnbb fulfilled his promise of giving me a " long look" at the moon through nis great tele scope, to be known as the Vienna Re fractor." The 7th inst. was a beautifully clear day, and at half-past 8 p.m. there was not a cloud in the sky. Abont 60 invitations bad been issued, and the recipients assembled punctually under the vast moveable dome in Observatory-lane, Katharines. A portion of the dome had been slid back into the grooves, the dark cloudless sky was visible, and the moon in the most accommodating condition possible. Each visitor had a numbered ticket, and while I was waiting my tarn I had the pleasure of listening to a deeply interesting conversation between Mr. Grnbb and three learned professors of Trinity College; from which I gathered a better comprehension of the amazing structure be fore me than I had thought possible. Pre sently my tnrn came, and it was with a feel ing of profound awe that I took my place and applied, according to the directions of the . assistant, my " besteye" to the tiny orifice of the great machine which pointed its polished tube and broad object-glass like a menacing engine of war at the heavens. I do not know what I had expected to eee; bnt what I saw—and the assistant by my side answered all my questions about it with the kindest interest and patience—was too wonderful for words. Perhaps the strongest impression made upon me was that I bad never before had a real notion of light, and I felt this a till more when looking afterwards through, a smaller telescope, .which showed a moon of mother o' pearl. The pure white of the luminous due seemed to me like fine piaster or cement, and all over it were traces and irregularities exactly resembling the thin eccentric formsof molten lead dripping from. the iron spoon in which I need to melt that metal on Hallow Eve in my childhood, when we were allowed to "snatch that fearful <( joy." There were the upa and downs, the little hlobB, the zigzags, mid the dints on the shining surface of the plaster disc, and there along the edge, tipped with blue, were the tiny sharp spikes into which the slivers of the lead would break in ■ cooling. - Gazing at the disc,>with all these little points of re semblance in my mind, and somewhere in a nook of my brain a distinct picture of my old nursery, of the fable .(with the. apples, and -nets, and "barm-brack" proper to the festivity) on which etood the.iron bowl Rill «f cold water to ceoetve the hissing lead; of .the fireplace, with thekhigh fender, of our norse, olthe other, children and myselt(in pinafores), I was listening, with an;intense effort to realise his meaning, tothe lucid and wonderful'explanationof the assistant. The jfignreal could not grapple with, nor was it ■ necessary; an immensity.was traversed by .that ray which brought the moon (oh which; it was explained to me, tbos early in otir night the eon was jnSt dawning) to -my feeble • vision,'liken thing to be touched,, so great .that one accepts without .any. attempt to comprebend.it And the glistening disc was the " lesser light to _rule the .night,*' whose substance we can bnt gness at, bathed in the radiance of the- "greater light to rnle the daythezJgEagsjwereihe great mountain ranges, some 70,000ft in beightii the blobs were the isolated heights; the dints were the vast and awfql craters, mouths that had 'vomited the fires of tbatdead world; them was a big one, " that large ><ie preesion,' shy-lrina jnstroctorxsallediit, .whichis, heeaid .called .Copemicw^-ftriditheaharp bkte-adgedapikef , were, other hnge.mpnntams Rung but into 'this prominence/because one-half* bf the moon was in the shadow, and there being no i atmosphere 4o veihthem theynpreamd them- * eelvw in etbertbne.: I bada vere .long took*.i .jimt I fonnd it rather, here -to." .stand dowr ' and .was conprfedjonly.by.being,shown t Smaller telescope. !Thespectacle simvthraa it was even 'more-besdtifuV dor thonghl disc was mnch smaller, tbensoreoos tings* the soft globalar form compensated for tl inferiority. ThisJMmuneiWr never to_bh| forgotten. The Doblih .people are prond of Mr. Gmbb's {achievements, pees ot the, Dutch fiahMWomiTaud fl6' hwuUM oolourmg of the*ands we ■ ofi^JeatJ^B 0rt^ I ato happy toheartW » "to be presentat £?? .wlthfideL., j-~-7r* Dutch school itself. absence was muchielt at the Winter PrUoi1 View, which is quite v.,Ute tntfme with . arUet-world. 1 aui 1»ld thai the Soion will k? very good this year, and that the morhM element, which haB been so prevalent fo sometime, will be but sparingly reDreaanf^1 This -is devoutly to be wished. ' H the_ pictures which are moBt praised is a wn,e by M. Layraud; itis " the picture Of thereat in its class. Mr; Herkotaer is engaged V „ novel and curious enterprise, no other than the reformation of street advertisements! r suppose he,has been driven to this by thi I detestable .monstrosities which have di« figured London of late. .Theatrical advertise i ments have been the most offensive; for in ' stance, during the long run of " Drink " at the Princess's Theatre, we had the pleasure of Beeing a hundred timeB.. a. day a hug# picture of a ragged, filthy, drunken brute m delirium, tremens, about to " smash" his wife and child with a chair; and. another cheerful theatrical advertisement showed us a mau lying across a railway, and a train coming down upon him through a tunnel. Surgical horrors, gastronomies!- horrors, and vul. garities whose name is legion stare at us ou every Bide, and Mr. Herkomer will deserve well of the country if he can succeed in his " street pictures." The forthcoming number of the Art Magazine, which .is to contain his coup d'essai, is looked for with a great deal of interest. . I am very glad to record the exceptional success of a work of fiction by an Irish lady. Miss Catherine Drew's story, in one volume, ' The Lutaniste of St. Jacob?*, has attracted more attention than any other novel of the year. Miss Drew is an indefatigable worker in literature, and she has now furnished a striking instance of the versatility of her gifts. This story is full of a true and delicate appreciation of art, and marked by a pro. found knowledge of the history of music, while the romance which those acquirements are called in to illustrate is of a deeply touching, pure, and beautiful character. Not is the touch of the .author's native humour wanting. Mrs. Lynn1 Linton-is seriously ill at Palermo. A lady, who has been making of late a very fair name In literature, and was a favourite in literary society,. Mrs. Buxton, the -author of Won, of JenrUtafthe Prince's, and other popular novels, died a -short time ago verysuddenly. ; Mr. Bentley announces the TaUeyrani Correspondence for the 1st of May, and Messrs. Sampson Low Count Miot's Memoirs for the end of Mis' same month, and also Madame de R&musat;'s Letters. A great flood of light will belet in by these works upon the Napoleonic -era, which,-near as we still are to it, and, perhaps, because we are bo near, has hitherto been dim and con fused. 