Irish Industries. ,,WflJXEthe land question is . still un settled and the operations of the Com , mission has not yet begun, a remarkable movement has been set on foot for the proiiiolion pi Irish manufacturing indus-r try. A subscriptipn'lirit lias been-opencd'' to guarantee the expenses of an exhibition of Irish manufactures to be held 4n> Dub lin next year. A considerable sum has been' already collected, and among the subscribers are not only the leading firms in various branches of business in Ireland, but well-known public men on both sides in politics.. The original suggestion, thrown out, we believe, by Mr. Parnell, was that Irishmen should combine to spend money only in the purchase of goods manufactured in the country, or, in fact, to " Boycott" English manufacture ers and merchants as far as' the Irish merchants are concerned. . This system, of " exclusive dealing" lias been tried before in Ireland, and in many other countries, and it has broken down everywhere. Human nature is too strong for an artifi cial limitation of the conveniences of free buying and selling in deference to an appeal to sentiment. But though "ex clusive dealing " is foredoomed to failure, the efforts how being made in Ireland to stimulate industry and enterprise may be exceedingly useful. Ireland has to -contend with m|my disadvantages "In industrial competition, and it would be & waste of power for her to attempt to pro duce every sort of manufactured article at-home under unfavorable conditions, when she can. exchange her .cattle and butter for English goods. But there are many, things, which can be produced.as. well in Ireland .as in England if . skilled laborwere . not wanting, and > if capital , were Jiot timid about - investing in - Irish concerns.'- ' Whfen Irish-men <)f business.1 came -together • at the Exhibition next ■ year,theywill,- do doubt,be able to deviBe the/meatis of promoting. Irish industiy in many ways.. .But they will best serve their countrybieu if they will impress uppn them the fact. that the greatest obstacle; in the path of Irish prosperity is the prevalence, of agitation and disturb fancS,' which drives .capital, And, with;: it ;enterprise-jmd -maoual- skill, to eeek-afield iif'secure and. uutroubled utility .else-; \yhere. : " *" * " " Democratic railway accidentSj Says an ■ 'American paper, are no respeters :of per sons.' The Duke of1 Athol was in a sleeping car in a train bound for Okriaha. "When sending ait a station the car was run into by a freight train, which, as an American reporter graphically expressed it, " shook things up lively, but did no particular damage." The sleepers were alarmed, however, and the duke jumped out. Immediately the passenger train moved on, the accident being presumably an ordinary occurrence which demanded no investigation ; and tlie duke found himself ion the boundless prairie in his nightshirt. Happily his clothes were sent to him by the next train, and by this time: it is hoped that he has recovered his equanimity. The iasi of the Polytechnic. — We (London Times August 26) are sorry to announce that this is the last week of the old Polytechnic Institution-in Regent street, the place where it was always- pro fessed that instruction and amusement went hand in hand, the place where the first rude efforts of photographic art were displayed some 40 years ago by M. Daguerre, and where the " diving bell," and Pepper's ghost have delighted the childhood and-boyhood of the present generation. The Polytechnic was founded in 1838 for the exhibition of novelties in the arts and practical science, especially in agriculture, manufactures, and other, branches of industry. The buildings were enlarged in 1848. They extended to a depth of more than 300 feet. The interior at present, with its central hall and larger and smaller theatres, is too well known both to Londoners and to " country cousins " to need any detailed description. We may state, however, that the floor of the hall was originally occupied by two canals, with a surface of 700 feet of water attached to which were the appurtenances of a dock-yard, locks, water-wheels, steamboat models, &c.;, but these were removed in order to admit of more of the products of terra firma, geoglogical strata, agricultural implements, specimens of glass blowing, and other delicate opera tions, as well as to make room for lectures open to classes of young people of either sex. It is to be closed after Saturday next, the shareholders of the company having resolved io plate the concern in liquidation, and the institution and its various contents and "properties1' will shortly be brought to the, hammer. ^ Cbicket in Russia.—The London 37i«!»cs correspondent writes from Odessa on August 26 " Last year the head-quarter staffin South Russia of the Indo-Euro pean Telegraph Company was transferred from Kertch to Odessa.- The ? gentlemen composing it brought with them two in stitutions previously unknown Here, an athletic club and a cricket club, and a day or two ago they' had their first cricket match. ; 1 was/unable to be present -at it myself, but it is reported to have been a very successful and even 'brilliant aflair. The "ground looked gay with its numerous tents, flags, -^especially Russian and British), fettoons, and flowers. There was also a large and profusely-decorated marquee for the visitors,. among whom were Prince Dondoukoff-ELorsakoff, Go vernor- General of Odessa, M. Marazlee, the Mayor, a number of Russian officers and members of the civil and civic ser vices, her Britannic Majesty's Consul General, the Consular representatives of other Powers, and alarge attendance of ladies, both foreign and English. Play commenced at mid-day, and Prince Don doukoff-Korsakoff and the other spectators evinced great pleasure and interest in the game.. At 1 o'clock lunch was served, accompanied by an interchange of most friendly toasts and speeches. Soon after wards some of the principal visitors left, but the match, played between represen tatives of the British colony at Odessa and representatives of that at Galatz lasted, until dusk, when the former were declared victors." 