Amusements. Thbatbb Botal. — Madame Favart is still on the' .stage at the Boyal, and the publie appreciation thereof is as strong as ever. Next week will be the last week of the season. School of Arts. — Mr. Macoabe will chase dull care away frost the audiences who may assemble in and next week, and will at the close of the season ' be gone ' himself, to the great regret of all in this city who admire histrionic talent and genius of a high order. Wbbtbbk Sububbs Musical Socibty.— A very ine concert under the directorship of Mr. Heotor St'LeanwaB eiven in the hall of the School ot Aits, Bnrwood, last might, to a large and fashionable audience. Biroh's ' Eveleen, or the Bone of the Vale,' a pastoral operetta, was performed by an efficient body of oooralists. A miscellaneous concert followed, in which several ladies and gentlemen took part, and on the whole the concert was decidedly successful. Queen's Thxatbe. — 'Tried and True' has proved most auecessf ul at this theatre, owing both So the sensational ooara«ter of the drama and the powerful aotiog of the company, Victobia Hall. — Courteous reader, . have you ever seen a ghost F If not, then go to tbe Yiotoria Hall at half-past 7 o'clock on any week-day evening, and you will seen a host of ghosts as real and as shadowy as ever made the candles of an anohorite burn blue at the.witehiug hour of midnight. The Mendelssohn Quintette Club, of Boston,- so famous in America as soloists and quartottists, gave their second concert in the Masonic Hall last night to a full but not overcrowded house. The programme of the concert was most judiciously arranged, for it oombined pieces distinguished by great lyric beauty and full of executive difficulties with other pieceB comprising simple popular but beautiful airs. The whole programme was exeented in the highest style of art, all the performers being masters of their respective instruments, and all endowed with those solid muaisi&nly; qualities whioh enable them, whether aoting in concert or as soloists, to captivate and entrance au audience. The first num ber on the oroeramme was a ouintette arrangement of Auber's overture to ' The Black Domino,' which was splendidly played. This was followed by Ohernbini'B ' Ave Maria,' sang by Miss Miller, with clarionet obligs-to by Me. Byan, a most pleagiag, tasteful, and meritorious peiformanoe, both as it re spects the vocalisjn and tbe accompaniments. A quartette im G by Beethoven, two movements of whioh were charmingly exeented, was preceded by a Sate solo composed by Bricoialdi, and rendered in a very brilliant style by Mr. Schade. The player exhibited taste and. soul, as well as oomplete command over the executive diffi culties of the piooe. . This was followed by a fantasia on Gipsy airs arranged by the great Spanish violinist S&rasate;, and played by Here Iaidor Sohnitzler. The work was maenificently performed, the execution of it combining every poi oible excellence that can be imagined to centre in the interpretation of a lyrio work. The performance waa distinguished by perfect observance of time tune, and rate ef movemeat, fine tone arising from the nervous grip of the performer's fingers on the strings, great rapidity of execution, perfect stop ping even in the most rapid passages, moat appealing: expressiveness, and oresoendoB of marvellous beauty. The performer found an able coadjutor in the violin he played oa, which, responded to tko slightest touch of the bew more like a thing of life than a mere sounding box of wood. We are aware that what we here write is very high praise, but I we assure our readers that it is not flattery, but a ] plain and literal statement of facts. The second part of the coneert commenced with a clarionette fantasia composed and executed by Mr. fiyan, a truly beautiful work, reflecting great eredit on the per former in the double capaeity of composer and executant. The work abounds in runs, shakes, and other diffieulties, all of which. Mr. Eyan overcomes easily, but its chief merit consists in the melodies whioh occasionally burst through the instrumenta tion, as a gleam of sunshine bursts through a rift in some tenuous and fleecy cloud. Two other noticeable numbers on the programme were a fantasia for the violoncello by Servais, and Kaleidoscope eomposedlof popular airs. The first of these was as grand a performance on the violoncello as ever was heard in any ooncert room. The piece, ' O O.ra Memoria.' suggests reminis cences of ' Verrapno a tel Sal Anre' and other melodies in 'Lucia,' but these resembla&oes; are surrounded with a perfect emblazonment of exocu- 1 tive difficcltiea, all of which - were mastered by the ' slaver. Mr. Frederick Giese. with an ease, grace. delioacy, and vigour that were truly wonderful. Whether Mr. Gieee uses his inEtmmeirt, as a violon cello, tenor, seoond violin, or first violin, he invari ably displays oomplete command over it. He is un questionably tke ablest amd most perfect violoncellist that has ever appeared on the platform of a ooncert room in this city. Sohnltz'e Kaleidoscope of popular airs comprises anumber of well-knovrnmelodies,which were beautifully played, and evidently gave great pleasure to the audience. The sour and ill-natnred critics might turn up their noses at them, but they enjoyed them nevertheless, in common with the com mon people. The third concert of the club will take plaee to-nieht in the Maaonio Hall, when a fine pro gramme will be submitted. A complimentary oonoert, tendered to Miss Emily Ahem by a number of friends in recognition of her many valuable services ia the cause of charity, was given in the Town Hail, Re£fern, on Monday, the 3rd instant. The attendance was meagre in the extreme, it.au consiaermg siisb .&.uern s aaaoTiowa acuities as a vooalist.it is a matter of regret that the residents of the diBtriot did not roll up and greet her with a bumper house. The programme was very attractive, and the various performers aeted their parts most oreditably. The local fire brigade band promised to play selections of music at intervals daring the evening, but through someu&avoid;&ble; circumstance they did not pnt in an appearance. ~ 