, Skcokd Day— Thcesbat, .Mat. 12. \- Tbe third. general Coiifeiercaof tbe Wesleyan . Hethcdist Church of Anstralasia 'was contioued in tbe Firie-etreet Weslejau Ohorch oa Thars jdsyinioruing, May 12. .Tbe Rev. J.' vCatsferd . (president of the .Conference) occupied Abe £baijr. Theie was a large otteudance,- ail the newly-airived delegates .from -Victoria, Sev Euuth Wales and Kew Zealand baing present. The number of .jpectatorB wa-s .also very Urge. . After devotional exercises bad b;3Ti. engaged ip, tbe Ci nftrence proceeded with-the bubinesj en tbe notice-paper. iTiie following- was the roll of representative? Eiesect: — Kew South Wales Conference. — Kevs. Geo. WcWnousb, M.A. (president), Frank Firtb (Etcteiarj), Benjamin Chapman (general eec zeta'ry aniotione), Joseph H. Fietober,. William . Clarke, William KeljBack, D.D, .William -G. B. Stepbineon,, Geprge Browu,. James. A. Nolan, Francis lait, Kicbatd Seliorg.and George Line; . Mtr«rs. W. Davies (general -tre.rturer Minsion aiy^SccietjJ, G. W. Barker, H. Brijgs, G. Crav,sbaw, S, B. Bowjett, E. Hogben, G. T. , Runt, .B. , James, Jon.,, P. , Muter, Joiiih Pfiiker, W. .Kob=op,--aiKi J. :C. White. 'Virttria Conferenoe.-^Bevs. : George: Daniel (p'retident), Edwin I. Watkin (secretary), W. ?A. Quick (general treasurer church fand), John C. BjmcEO (general -treasurer W.M.F.), J. S. 'Waogb, DJJ., W.-Ii. .Sinks, : John. Wacrford, JSdrtsrdKJicg, William P. .Wells, Spen-.er Wil lisme, 'William -L. BlamireB, Jlenry -Bath, .Francis.E. Stephenson, and W..H.Ei,tcBett,B.4., Meisre. T. J. Crouch (general treasurer chil dren's fa£d), E. Barrett, K. Hollo say, J. Camp bell; D. Ham, 11. Hodgson, J. Jamieaon, E.John. , 'T. Lancaster, P. Learmontb, -JJiaddenbury, aud .T. Vasey. . . . South .Australia -.Cpcference.— ,Eevs. . J. -B.. ' Btepbenstn (president), Samuel Knight (secre tsij), Charles H. Goldsmith (general treasurer ZLF.J, James Bickford, Thomas Lloyd, Henry I. BoigeiB, B. Morris Hunter, Joseph Kichol :OD,:H-)n. -J. Colton (general treasurer \- docat ion fund), Mr. J. D. Bone, J5on. J. Oacr, treats, Alfred -Uatt, .liepdore Kack, F. W. Ecl'dei and JasaeB £sott, ... 'New Zealand Conference— .Bevs. Eainafprd Bavin (secretary ),'W.Moriey, Thomas Saddle, Alexander Jieid, .Heary Bull, 'and' Mr. -W. Jffoihskc.. . . . .Tfae| Seceeeaet taid it -might jbe inte resting'to m»Dy brethien to know, that »mpnget thefle j present en that occuipn was.Ur.,J. . O'. White,, from New Booth Wales,, the :fir«t4 ' Wesley an local . preacher who over -ceadusted . Divine Eervice in Adelaide. He came to this , colony, in 1836, and from that -to the prafont . ' time -ie iad been -a most -Acceptable local : preacher... j4sp]ai»e.) .... L, ? ...» xbe Peesidekt then delivered his inaugural . ' address an follows : — j I)t»i i-'atken and Brethren — A Tt-sa'.ution, a« jou know, v.as pa»ed at the l»-c Genera) Ccufertbre reqntttitig me to deliver an address th:p n.otn;i-g ljut for tbat resolution I should never have tb- ujjht of doing this. I should dc ver have had the courage to do it ; bat with this resolution before me, and remembering tbat I may never have sucb an oppon unity e^sio, if jou will give me a little time acd atucticn. I will try and say a few things about tbe work of God and our beloved Methodism. Brethren, a great sorrow has come upon us, acd our hearts ere ead to-day. By the terrible Tararua diEaiter on the coast of New Zealand five of our beloved brethren, appointed as dele gates to this Conference, have been taken from uo, and it is with us all a time of mourning. Not for them we rr.ourn, fer they were Ohriat's tcrvsLts, and ve d-juut uot that the suddea tex mii'.F.tii-c if their w-.r* brought to them the ' ' well dont'' o! the Master and the 31V jf their ' Lord ; but we mourn for tbe bereave*! oi:a3 m ' fOieiy stricken, and for our church that sat tueisintd to grea- a 1ob». We earucstlv pr»y that tbe Gcd of ail grace may confort iu'wb*) mourn, and »cct:fy this paint jl dispeuialioa of Hif p rovicerce to tbe good of all. But while we sorrow we would bie«s and ' rroue the name cf tbe Lord our Goi. \V». tbiui: - Him for Hi' goodnees to our other V»2 aUud bntbrm, true of whom might havu b-.-a co beard the ill-fated steamer had He uot iu mercy turcid tbeir viiur^e another way. Au 1 we £-!-«« Him f or Iii* goodness to us all d ur:;:tr tee put ' three jeau, and fcr peraiitticg us thus to meet . tugetter in His name to-ds.} . May His pre;eui'O ; be with ut, and may He baptize ui all with the Holy CikOet and witb firo. In addrt^^iig you thi« naortiog I would 5nt briiny t(et-k uf eosio of tte doubts and ditB cultits tb&t; are troubling anil disturbing the cburch in cur t^'tf. ILis ic c»:kd an age of doubt and unbelief. Whether it is more bo than any other I know -not. _£ver -«ince-l-have .known aBything.of religion I have Jueard it said ' this is an age of unbelief,'' and long' before that, even from the -very 'beginning, there have been doubters and scoffers,' ami 'reuppc-se' there' wilH-3 tj the' eoM. To some of the aspects of the unbelief of our day ' I -wish more particularly to refer. . . _.,, ^ ,- This is fn age ot ecientific progress, and w^ all rejoice m the researches and Wonderful'dh- ' ' c'oyeriC3of . rueECieoce^but there are'aoiaatiaa men' thorouguly opposed to the Bible and our1 holy Christianity wlHrwonld ^u«e 'saienBe lo-aid them in their opposition' to' the ?truth; *nd for. years they have been trying to eh»w that be tween tbo.Bible»ndthe wockaol Goi there are 'dJscr.epancies.thDt never can bo rcsonciled, and tbat therefore the Bible cannot be' God's wofd. 'snd many have- listened' io - them and be En in fluenced by them. Thank-God thU ie not true1 of all scientific men nor of the .majority. The:e, sre with the Bible and- our holy religion, ajid., have«ver clearly shown' that bstwfantae Bitrie and the works of Gel -there 'is no rcildis-' crepany, and' tbat it is the word of the living ' In'our day there rare pteaohers-who Jartha? pel pit and tbroiy;h' the press bring strar^e - tb;c38 to onr esrs. They wonl^-give as.a'Bible witbout inep'tation, a Gopel 'witbout/an atoac ? meat, and a f utr-e without p^iy punishment; for sin. A -id tbe strangest thing of all is that*hc Ie - men persist in retainicg their plica and piy in the churches whc:9 dcilrinci-they onca pro -fes:ed to bslieve, but which, ere .thoro^bly op; ;d to the views they now hold. 'ThV:e '?* a m'teiable k^d of populerity .oonnc=ted with teach'iosfiike this ;' for the' World, the srsprici, tbe spiritists, p'l ? admire and' applaud it, rtd ceverely lecture the Church1 for-theparseoutiod. ts they cill it,: raised rjriost thc;3- men eai acccont of tbe*;«dvaaced,«nd. liberal, aad en lightened views. . . ' t This is an fge ot intei'.ectoat pride, and1 with ' some no mai can 1 3 a scholar or' have any claim' ' to m'uoh ? intelligence if he is not a doabier and unbeliever; white; on the other iand, any 'mm who may bring forward some theory, no mit:3r howiabaurd, that is opposed tD received trutn.to tbe Bible and phristiinity, ^s recognised at once PS a man of great mind, of immense learning, rid far away above the i£nqramu£3saround hi-n. I am a great telievcr' in 'inteHigeni, eirnest, hamble, Christian, young men. I tetieve tbey. can dO5an3tliing:thafcan' be done in this world oi ouis ; but in on days we eometimes find a , young man who has parsed in cone preparatory examination, bat! has yet tD pass in moieity, setting np for^ great1 scholar.'nilng tj his' own sitisf action at '-'lei^tne mesning of some hn-' portint Greek 'word1 trowd 'which there h«? been much controveisy, and abjat ' which tiis greatest scholars have never been able to agres, settling with the grr atcst ease the vexed ques tions tint ?)UKzled'Our fathers, &nd;~bya- stroke of the pen overthrowing important trritbYlong ?believed and dear tj the hearts of many. 'Ministers 6f: religion' -fehoold bs prepared to grapple with1 a'l'Wioee ^difficulties, and the chnrch-shnuld co train1 her ministers tbat -tbey may be thus prepared. 'But I* do notthiak th«t'; all our preciou^ time should be wasted on these things— not that rwbtdd trifle with the dlfnoul ties of any MuCCiff doubter; bnt ' there is s great deal of^eham.niere-pretsBce'and ?make *alieVe,- absut tbe EcVptioiBni'oE many in-OMCKlKy. ITae wish is father to tbe thought. 'The tearti? more wrong than Ihe bead. They are ajaiost the t Bible beca'nee tbe Bible is egainat them. lasted of for ever debating tbecs questions ?withlbem', cur aim should be to show them taeir sins aud 'danger, and, convinced -of - Sin, their iafidelity will scon vanish away. 'I donofrthink we should be for ever dealing with. thes3 questions, be citise there is so little in'the itffidet and semi infidel argument* of Oit' times that hns not tieen' f nlly . jtnswer'cd auf 'repsrtad in the pttt: Sr. Osborn, in -order to expose andcor.-eet _ error, in 1680 recommended the republicition of . a fcok that appeared 2C3 jears ago. Aiid then, 1 brethren, we have something better to' do. Gcd ' is dishonored, souls are perishing, we have a great woik before iis, and as Dr.' Panshon sayB, ' -' Life is -all too short to-be frittered ^away. ia endlefB cocsideliDgs and scanty doings.'' ?lt:is v»:E6 cooneel eome'one 1ms given, to ' re ceive tbe-t?sht ?from 'whatever quarter it tp»y come ;' but at the «ime time *.' hold fast tj received truth till it -be proved beyond all doubt to' be error,'and be not '? tossed about witb every , wind of doctrine.' Our Bible, our holy Christianity; have nothing to fear from the fullest' investigation, the severest criticism,1 the most determined ?oppwi- tion. Tbey have to more violent enamiea now, no fiercer conflicts, than th^y have had is tUe paet. -The Elorms beating on them have of ten . beaten before. The' Billows dashing r 3ainst tne .' Tccki have again and' again 'broken upon it be- : fotCj bat tbey Save Tolled ' back agun-and left the rook as -firm as-ever. 'The Bible, tbe«hurch, -ere in sate keeping, aad the-gatej of hell;Bhftll. never prevail against tbem. * ' ' . ThrniDg to our own churct1, there are ^oma , ' few things to which I wish to refer. l.tGur creed, our doctrines. As achxirtawe' ' know what we believe, and what we . re quire all who would - enter or remain : in our ministry to believe. We thank God for the glorious -doctrines 'we . have T±au^ht -ftbai the -begiuning, and that.-whosver mp.ydeput from the . faitb, we moat ead .will .hold 'to -the end, or till our church his sidly fallen, and| all truth and honesty have gone from ua. '2mze ' every year in bur cborch -court3 the 'question is a^feed concerning every biother, 'JJoea he ? believe and teach our doctrines ?' And whether tne 'question be answered by -the minister him self] or by another for him, .he must ba under a ? strange delusion -and have lost all selC-rcspese wnq can eie ny .ana near r-oe .question anawsrea in tiie affirmative when at the 'same time he tnowsibisiDot-frne. ' ^2. Our aiecipliEs, kjur «hurch igorertimeat. ? About tome parts ef ? ouri chortfi : polity 1 there have of late been many discussions, and where some wonld -lead us to it) is impossible to say. During ihe l3Bt few.jeers some cbangea have' been made,' bat tfaeEe geher&Uy; have'touohed no great principles. ' -But' other ! changes are! being EODfcht iysome that '-would in my opinion - revolurieoire - Methodism, rand lea'va very little of tbe original behind. -Dr. Pope eaid a few jeare sgo, ' We want the maximum of adaptation, the minimum of change.' It would seem to me as if -BOme now wanted the maximum of rchatrge, and Ae iniaimaui, as I ttiink, cf'adsptatien. liuttureiy tbe Dleehodfssi built upiy wise and holy men, guided by Goa's Providence,- and tfeat'ij»fi=tnt6n'iear«-to*«ildi we cball Hot pulldown in a day. The Methodism that lias ffiorked eo well where it has .been well worked — that ha* done so cuch , for Gbd ^ai;d for -perishing men ? we ? shall. tutfily -not pat aBide for-scsie :crude fplsiaat of our own, some strange experiment thai .may signally f&U;, and ieave us -with Jotaabod, 'The glorf bas-departed/'wrUten'oaotir-.doorB. -No, no, pe must not encourage, we- muoti earBe^tiy. contend sgainstr this desire for change, ?or where will it lead us' to f It we 'make 'imporUat changeE to meet the views of tjmerto-s'&y;, -we must do tbe -same' to jneet tie1 opposite views. of ofhets to-morrow,-«od so oato ta»ecd,-aud - I sm bf raid tbe-f nd-would cot to far off. , ; 'By this jietiie for change, this, coastaat changing, we. should; slgr.m :and -drive -pat-, from ameng us good and '- earnest / meu, .for ' Methodism then will n&t; be the -Uetuodism ? tbey joined, acd thaotbey loveand edaiire. We ? fchay keep good aneu- from -coming 'SmuBgst us $ for Kho would care to join, a-«haroh v -whete^ - whatever there is to-day, no- one in ihe world can 'tell what may be to-mortow. It will ciaSe ' us la laughing-sleek to tile werld ? and- other :; churcbes. It will hinder and-iDJcrethe-worir of God. Tlje evil already doae by eoaticaed dis ensfliou aboot tcine»m»tters has'been -very great., acdiif the cbaujji-sisome few coutend for should ever bezaadeitwoeldjead— andlBayitoatofuliy , and advisedlj — il would leadj to perhaps ajgteater division in the church -than slethoduia baa ever known^Detore. - ? -????-? But 'While, I -speak thus of ohaoges, in ; our , 63 stem deehed by a few, there is something, else that we must equally gaati cgain&t.; I mean allowing oar system ti- remain un worked ' — letting our rules and ? regulations beeomfe . a ' deafi. letter: I am' nfrKid this ' is ecnaetimeB' done, end I know -that -this fias ltd «bue to prefer *ny «baoge to isnch a miserable -stats of ; tbisgs as that. I have ieaxd -an -.earliest ?. minister gay concerning some ipart -«f our ? discipline, 'I have always been in -favor: of it, 1 iave always: pleaded for it, but iere ia the' circuit' adjoining mine is » brother, ?high' t in --nice in' tbe church, who -«HoWs the, Isw to be 'broken with impunity;: *ud- 'trbe plainest Tegulations to be ooLstantly set 'aside, end 1 have come to the conclusion that it -is : better to^ive it up altogether thaaha've'a state : of tjhiegs like that.' Bat, brethren, surely that . oaDDOt- be right. rIf weaot-soHnf every cage-what gooQ sbsTlrwe Hare left ? . If 'we repeal oar laws . bf canee tbey ere irofeemre shall have confusion apd eieiy evil. r i3t Our work. In this we have much«aase f or ? tbaukfnlDesB—niBeh to encourage n« still tolabor on kt^Gcd'scommand. Ia our 'fforeign MiMious' nejbftve hffd trials end dfffioWtiee, and itwUire- : qutteiBncncere'aud wiauom in the management ' jusj; sow, t-u*we rtanSGod forthasHcoEH^wlHoti' ? badcrowced our labors in tae Friendly 'Islands in ' Biji, in Samoa, end in New Britain. By -par hoifiemitBk-i:s--we have been rajidly and -widely : tr.tpMlirs toe' work -if ^Goi In xlio^ fliSereot' ctlcinics. At', our ; colleges connected 'with ife acdusl Conferences we have d^ne much lo give teenta'aid fboroirgh ed«cnt!on to tbe-youVg pea≤ ot the lauds in which we dwell. -'We ?. ba^e not done allwe'wi^h'fpr the -training of candidates for bSr ministry, but wetia™'-d6ne wb»t tbe means-at our caimn'and ba'saWqtfdd ug' ' to do, -nd we nope to'do'ver^ mucli toore. We bbve t4-dey liundrens of 'churches.'many of them commodious arid beautifiil, cingreg'attoas-. lergeand iijcreasii'g, nod - most -_-f 'eur funds ? are, in-a flouristiDg Ciindition. 'We -Hralua thesa, ; we .are thankful to God for'theSe, loirji^we'anj ' notj »at lifted with them. Weknow *e may hme ' all ,-tbete and yet not have taus prosperity. Our ; wotk-istoMve tincn, and -to'n'prtJad icri^furAl ' ijoUnees through thewor Id. ; 'Faf this- weihive ' livid, for this we have labored,- aad thank --oi we [have not liy.ea nor. labored invyainTforimany have been brcu^ij frpm, .darknesg JkJj ^5ht,-Envi from tbe ppwer/pf. Sfttah to'G6d. '' '' When I tpitof the itate-ofjpur phjjr«hxa 'Vre lands a hundred yep- 3 8jo aid wbit it m Bowr-tweBty.jea .j Bjo, or ten ye»Ts ajo, »sd Khat. it is now; and whea I look ou thU Conference, where »re representatives from Eveiy pirt of Australia, from New Zealand; frmni Fiji, 'from- Kew Britain, all -come— to tell of ''the '^iumphs of the Orosa atfd 'tiis conversjon-of^nen^to God, Iisiould be aioamtd Df myself if I did not say -with.* -heart unfeign Edly thankful,' The Lord hath done great thio^« for us.' But after all, brethren, wo are nui Eitisfied. TVe have not had &B; results we might have'expected from the instrumentality we b are emplojed, and the promises ^of our' God. And during the last few years the number added t» our chnrcn has not been_great. Some yeaw we have found it very difficult to keep up our numbers, end I fear'if we tad only 'retnrneil those who are really-memb^s tbe diffisult? wonld have been very much, greater. - -Why is this ? It is not because the Spirit of the ' Lord is etiaitened.-or theproHrieeof God has failed. It is j not. becanee *we have ^niuined; to declare the whole coonsel of Gcd, or preach the gre^it trnths Vtf ' the glorious gospel. It in not, I think, because of any marked decline in tha piety and zeal of the ministers of our chu?3h. Where,1 then, is' to fce' found tho tcwon tif- our not ihaviDg -greater eurrcss?. No doubt :mauy causesraay b&essigned; for this. Let me briefly and carefully refer to two or three thirds which iave, in my -opinion, sometimes hindered tbe ?work of God. 1\. I am -not -opposed to -special-services. I believe in special cervices, bat I do noftslieve intbe chnrchlooViug to these, trueting tb^^a alone, for the conversion of ainners^and tbe in crease of church members. How often is it' the- case tbat things sre a1 'owed to 'fall itito a dead, cold state in a circuit — tbe dz::r\ pTajier meetings, and week ? night ser vices are -almost drsert^i ^ . the , members . cf'the chnrchget into a low spiritn?'. state; a^i scarcely ever is a sianer csnurted to Qjd. But ppgoial .services are -aov^ncced aud carried on for two or three weeks or more, .crowds, attend, the members hi the church ar-* quickened, and dinners saved. , But ia lessthaa a month e.11 these have returned to the old state — the members' as cold as.ever, aa'dthe new convjerts falling *way; *nd.Eo..aU- goes otttiU the time for special seifioea :comes ,rpua4 again, .and thus the 'church u reaily 'weakened, 'and in'- the ?-end -we!fead 'n». inereuer in the number of true aaembsrs. n Surelw weonght-to look fos copstant.pKiSfsrity; and. if livirg .fully, to !Gpd and working for it we stisU haveityffiote-or leas, with the -shpm-M 'bt 'bleasingB some timeB, a^id somecimes t3j the. fiooda poured out ufDnthe diy ground, when special eecvicea will become a neseisisy, for the power of GkJd-wiU tigent ? npoo as,- sad many will enquire, 'What.must we do?'* 2\. I believe in special men. raised -np' foe epecjal work, butl do pot believe in the churoli forever Jcoking to these- special «Qeu, -aad. neglecting to work,andio6∈^Joceuocesain*.caa-' nectton with the instrameatalitks and agencies they1 have. And jet this is frequently done, -acid ! I speak here the more 'freely b:?ansa I j have -of tea -been- -eagaged --ia— «pecial work. The ..memteia.-ofi the churoh niU .pray for, asd work .with, ..and expect re- BultB in connection -with the ' labors 'off some etrangerywhileiheyrOfteB allow Sheirwwh: minhters a&d; workers - in. -their .chu»ch-to.iabor 'alone and single' handed in saving ^ouls. 1 (knew -of ^eaeelwbere^an-evangeHst -was en's ? I act|td.in-« ciroaitiat*hfi emmetime ttae^newjy appointed minister was coming. .Nothing, .was said' absut the 'minister,' but 'speoial prajer meetings were held- to iplead^or «4-le)siagJgn the evang«listaild±as wark. Afortoigbiitefoeo.' the time it was found that tbe evangelist could cot come.'and all the -prayer meetings weregtvett up at -mice. aAbj broiher«eat..bT:G«d,ootniqg to labor amorg vi, let- in ptay foe aud help, . ibet do not let us be for ever' looking for tnri. It' ii an acknowledgment of weakness, or of unwUliugnets ^to-oo Jtfce-wort given --ositsL^o. -From all tbat- 1 have fsaea ? I e-y ;that I'woald jatber haye-a revival carried oa by the regular werbers in a tiircnit -where a hundred were caved thrura farjgreater muntEr reported as tnj rtsult of the labors of any stranger, because t telleve the fdrmei would hi- the- more perma nentiwork. ? 3\. 1 1 believe In every member .6£:fclie«hurch ?working 'for. God. This 4s -what -we- need; ian4 when we have this we shall see a revival of re-' Jigion that -will* gladden every heart. But:ttre evil is-tbat-eo-iaany -williDg-to work-'Wfll-aot work on church lines, but tun away to labor by themselves ~-Sa' what they call non-sectirlaa pins, livtiiis'w«y-'onorAesilo3e'-ttie$r-he!p3r» \- and can do but: iitele, MUtthe-results*Md-rto- b3 *ccopipliBBed are. Dfirly all lost besanae then .is,ncne to gather themin. .[Wlhat-we want is tb&aboad;»ntl)aptism-6f tte ! Bpiat^atid thenfferventlypleadiagaBdearueaUJr .work in connection with tiie church' to which we belong, and looking alone'to'tae Spirit for ExrcceBs, great gracs wiil-beapbnjia, 6nd_xaauy 'Twll'bessved. ? ''Wfe *re thankful to God for eo many intelli gent, devoted laymen, -who are nobly working; iu onr church. But I think our laymen cap dp much more,-snd am'Bnre they Tt ill bear-witnins ?wbiie I tayi.few words in fliis subject. ' .Erethrtn.it is Very piinfa] to usr all that 'we; lose tome ot our laymen and their families when they 'prosper in the world. Whan poor acd low.Uiey- nadmo though tx-£ lea viag jusrbat -ribhlss have increased, and they have set theie :itf f is on them ; worldlineas has come in — clans 'and prajer meeting and preaching ,work,_pr w&ik; in the Sabbath school, have been neglected, and'tben/at last the: church, where they had re ceived so much good, hasTjeeu entirely forsaken.; or their *cb51dren 'better'ieducited, 'and intre. ducedinto «.' tigher dsBff^of. society^ but jcnCDn -veried, rhave jopght fJif ter .^ordly l.pieasure^ \- jiave got hold' of 'foolish ideas of, rejjjecf*. bility, isnd' the/ bid ' church has 'not 'bsea reood refaoogh.~tben,*'«nd --tBey -hare- jgoha eltewhete, their foolish, parents at first allowing and then encbura;gihg Tihem 'in' tjiis, '.till 'they 'have goue«w*y«&d;«re-lost-to^us for- ever. 3[ 'wodldrmostreatBestly Bay to ef ery; prospering ']svmaD, 'Take hee'd, and beware of dovetjas ntst.' Keep jour heart right with Gol^esp buslrese, tbe wotld; in 'their- propSr place, and never sever your connection with toe, people of Gad, or forsake the cbucoh to which you owe S3 niueh. ... Man; of our laymen -are helping us nobly ia ficBLcit.1 mattera.bnt -they-'canJiiblp -as still ' cote. Uinisten -are burdened with financial itr^irE,*nd prevented doing their pcoper work. WUy cannot the laymen- take thia entirely into .tbelrtrwn'bsBdb? I long to see the day whan ? tfceilejmen will raise all requited for the mim ? tta^'sfistjptndimithout-his Jiavjogmuohkir^auy. tlicg,-to-do mthe.matter. .-It will be a, grand .day! for the church when that comes. * We are thankful too for daymen who -give sd -cheerfully and liberally to God's cause, - Hut we rbtvfe B6t -yet reached- porieotion in- this. Too igivjng'ef- bobm of -otfr weil-to-du end ?prospering :4Bjp*c.is-oniyi6m»lL jTteie.is reaou fortgre4t -iluDrcvtment yet. If each were to give ascord -iigjto bis ability, sccoroinfiJisGoaJias prospered 'tim, there is money enough in the church foe carijhigon-'alrtinr-work. ' before I conclude, allow me to refer to sotne -chsbgea Wafhsvei UkeH ?)dttce'\16ri«g-itiie'^U3li rbrfe years. -Somtol our devoted »ad-use£al ' Isjmtn-httvj been removed ity deatb, -and atwie 01 par earnest ana tiitulul _ ministers. . Anuag - tiiefe, let me mention tbe nameil of Joba, ' £gtlebt»n, tdovfed bji!l:,-a't-d«r-ir in the-feailHsh; \--S1 (jiod/Wan.-f alr^of the^Hbiy Ghost hi «f thi TO; ?ihiii cf Jveepb Dare, eloquent in tbe Scriptures, -ftlid one of our .most, popular -,auu eaccessfol ini%UterB. To onr death roll tot the uaat three ?jtars meat now be added 'tbe names of oar b,elpved brethren wbo-eb stfddenlyand'Une'z pectedly Lave been called-anray. Aud here I em'snre 1 may eay for all ofeAVwedeeyiy ?eympi- tliilse with the British Conference aud the iJJelbodiBt Ctrarch 'everywhere in 'the loss sus tained -by the -3eath.«t that eminently gifted 'Krvaetrjof Otaist, Dr. Panshon. Br-rth«:n,-wB -'sWatl passing away j the -end will noon Be here, let Ins earnestly labor, and be everready. - ^ome few minis ters_ have left ws t j join other chtircbss \ and while we may have little respaot -fbrlthbte-Tthcrhave'left us -without any'.juic .caiJ6e^»iid-ha*inir-gone iavCTspoi-ea-rijjtrtlyiSf thq ehnnshto which tcey-owed1 -^o4naoarwe wonld, not U-ink-ec«peak,barshly,of iotbaermbo ha«e goiie,;-whose yiews'have changad, and who felt as ' botftst men they inuit ga. TheyhaVe left msbrrow.'andl Will tfever forget the church in which t*ey were oMivertdd ahd so iibirndaotly bleeeed. ^They haTe--taken thtir zeal erid:p!ety vi-|h-.them,--and ^we jiray ttat -God may rtnake them a .greater blessing .where they are .gone/ 'Brethren; - we' inust' not complain . bedauEe some few of oar minister* 'leive' U? forlother oburohes. -1 '-have' said' beiore, -ixli' 1 «.sji sgein, ttait I«i-elieve,itr.i3 43nepartof the great musien ot -Methodum to . supply /other , churches with converted, earnest, soul-raring minibte'tB;'hn'd 'if 'the 'other churches' wiH only ? iecton np the nnmber of ministers receiv&I; from tHerankeof Methodiim, theywiil admow . ledge tbat my opinion is pretty correct. .-: ? . '. ? ? Atfd nsw, Sn -conclueion, let ?' mje ? t&j; -th«fc -Mathodiun ia ttill needed in toe jworid^Uid eaijthly needed in this land. Oar workja aot yet d.one. .However low we may aomatunespe, totiever ^ark ?and ' diBocraraging things may \- Bcitfimes s^pear, iwwever tearheotiy -iaa fre -i]ucn|L)y.'OO.E -enemieBvor.-Bmall.' friends may pro .piiBj of bur approaching end, we- orejiofrssa, -oharch going to die jtut now. — Sar'e-1-am that! our enemies cannot kill us j and idojiot-balieTe that themeieiful Xcrd -will- allow us by -any euiicid al act to terminajte^uiui^aaxutence. There . are) n any prayeiB for us registered. iu,he»vea ??yet! to be answered, -and ;thare are many still pitijing tbet Gaa-msy'tnnr'ehe cooneel of any, ?wbo wooia=«Tionily-adTi«e ns idtoVoolflOuies1!, ' th^t He ?may -epaue'TO more* ^battarfjiyJTyitli. -po%er frdm^n iligii, vhd -niasle tjr rftJthnijivt^ - timea inore then ?weaow are. ;' ',.'^'.1 -.''.Ul^'--' ?' Xo'u-irlUjI-am Eute, parden' me TorcIosMit tnib addrees.with a few lines Ahat Jjare-Jieen _ -paaViiig tbrough aiy'mind while' thiufitngjotoJji: ^itBt'Bnid bleseeil' work, and t)Ur gather ing iete, . to-^ay. i With onr soogs and j^adiSJsannas, \ l^wiweV&'jeth'i^^Je;.;. ,-,^,,-v ,. - , Bvflry.4»ftft'4)rtBent*ltB frrotftB/1^, ;*,!,,* ' ? Evtry:t«^fafcloVeJ«^M4)!;''!:' .;;. ^ ? ' — ' ? . . . _ ^ . Saued by HimiijT-Him protected, Guided cafe3n all our wmy, He tzs crowrcd rs-witii His blessing, fie is-with'trs here-:^ajr. '- Long in teats on fatherslator'd W ten the woA wes strange rid new, Then tbe dcBertfltretchM before=them, And tbe thorns end briars grew; Then the eoil we» fcera-end ste)Dg, - Perch'd and^-rerydiy *he field ; But tbey-laloi'd with a patience That wooia tsthfetidie-tban yieW: irowtb.eiesert»Wpoiv,8f(^i!id.v6i And 'the hills sndvallejB sing; Kow we're liglit-iESteadcf'dE'kiiers, : Winter now ifrtfcange&'to B'priqg; How (Be llitie -one a thousand, - - Kow tbe feeble nation etronrr, i How tbe wesry, weeping workers, Bring tte heavy ehcaves along. ' Darkfcbe, veil thatoler the future i Hidden a'liojnoital eight, ; ' . Eutoor itith can: pierce -the darkne:', £c2 tbe cominfi, clearer ligGt: ' ' ' tee-tfie grander, greata triumphs, Tbs^ *br''l rrown the preached word, Seetut church'* brighter -glory, Trae Endtaithfnl tg her Lord. Lift we tben'oiThign our banner, ' Drive-all feaKndjdoabtawav; Gird around -tbe heavcia- -rinor, Firmly statd in cloEeVrray. Strong ?p jaith-in Gcd oar Saviour ?We~sbaU scatter every foe ; We shall win-new^ crowns for Jesus, Kescue men from endless woe. Tfo Conference iecoVd's»r:: sf'-i efiuaebted ness'to tbe ex- precldeat -fier-3ohn''W&tsford;} for the fidelity and abili'Jy with which he 'hti -?'Etbergcd the duties of the prcsidf-roy r=o?e -the .meeting of . the -last .General Conference; *ndrlEO pre?entito him its heartiest thanks lor the forcefolaiiA opportane iniD^ural ad '?dress delivered to this Conference. The Rev. SJ.Si Wrrajrh,- D.D.---Vi(itoria), was elected By toUot .president -of the- Conference for the ensuiDg term d-office.' The retiring.EBBsn)EHT-tbe B«Vi Mr. JVats- Jord^oongratBlatedDr.- Wansh-upon hi* elec tion. Hewa%wireJtbat tb*t -geatteman- wooM -do bis workwellwni-faitbfullyv He- presented him with Ufe'Couference Bible and nealg, a ad ?expressed tne tope fiat the blesBmg ofGoi ?would rest nponjiim... (Applause.) . The President elect aaid he received tbe seals of his office with very great humilijty. He could most sincerely say that the position in which they had placed him te had not aspired to cr desired. Ever since he had entered the Wesleyan miaistry ? he had acted en the principle of accepting any appoint ment the church might honor him by offering to him. Be had never sought one nor. neglected one, and it was in that spirit that on- this occa sion he accepted -tie -position in which he had Treen placed. (Applause.) He felt that there were many of' the' brethren whose ?qoatifioi- tions fer the office were superior to his own, bnt he thought ne could say; with liDmUitythathe-poBSessed one ^qualification in at degree second to Done, and that was intense ]oy&ltjtothefundameotalan;&central.; principles of Methodism.. (AppiauEe) Hehadstudiedthose prinoipJfcs. theii , history, and -their value, and they were all. asndear-to him novas they had ever bees. TbeyFliaA met on that occasion to -Io the Lord's work, and they .badi-eenxeminded in the admirable -address -of the -.ex-president ithat there was an immense amount of work that was ready to their hands. ' He hoped tbey -would tie able to do lie (business of that Conference in the manner indicated by John, Wesley, when be raid, ' Let ob do.^verythwg as if in tbe pre sence o£ the^I^rd .binMelf,' He trusted that a'fpirit ef wisdom, and charity might per vade all tfceir—countels^ together, and that .'in. all' things, they, might . be , guide 3 ?to the best anfl .wisest .conclusioas. As presi dent of. tbe 'Conference, he would bs expected t } administer the laics .of the Connexion. T&ey; had roles of, debate which, had been care fully provided! for. their guidance, and by those rules he would faithfully abide in pre siding over .the proceedings' of tbe Conference. He wss tore they would tapporti hini by tne: svmpathy sud pray^-e, aid he prayed that Goi. ?would, bless .them . in their, deji^eiatio'ns to gether. ? ' The Bev. J. B. Wf.terhouBew.i3 -elects 3 sccre ? tary by a very large majority. On the. nomination .of -the: Sfcpetaby, Vie ?? Eevs. B. Williains and H^.T. Burgess .were ap pointed aEsiBtfnteeorebTies,aDd~ the- Eeva. IV. Moriey and W. L.-BUmires journal «ecretarieB. IheJiev. J. B^SEPBSSSOKXPresident of the South Australian— Conference) formally, wel comed the Conference to. the city of Adelaide, jancTlhe oolooy f-i SourtjAjwtrilia, Kr. J. Paekee moved, «nditlie B^V. J. B. STEPHENSdKBecoUdfidr-f'That: thB-8es?ions iof 'this CpnfeEence'.bevpeo +o *Jie public; wbonmy occupy a portion -of]tke building to ba indicjtpd for this purpose, by the ppesidont except ,at «ieh times as ti» G-m£ereQce shall i&solve; to «it ?withcloEediioora1' ' OntiremotiDn.oHi»SEeB*£iSY4t-wM*£ired that the CoDference at its xising adjourn till 2 o'clock. ,Thej' pre;htent- then proceeded :to administer theSseramentof .- tbe Lard's Suppler to tbe members of the Ooafe-eoca eni the 'visitors vho cTsols to.remaim. The service closed with the benediction. ' The afternoon session was opened Jit 2 o'clock. Ihe Bev. AV. Woolaougn, SLA.., engaged :in prayer. The Bev. J. B. SiEPBE!fS0N stated that it had been fonnd neceessry to reviss the Saoday appointments of 'tbe' Conferen'bs plat. After tome diFcneaioH the'1 Be'va.-J.:B.'Stet5henflon, S. Knight, H.T. -Barges^ amfi-W, ti. Biamices were appointed a committee to revise the- plan sod submit ittothfe-Gonfereneo at-» latsr sts^e. Sr. KELyKACa; stated, that . he had been traexpecttdly called upon, in the. absence of the Bev. 8' Knight, to move— 'Tnat the thanks' ef the' Conference be pre sented to the Bev. John Watsford for his valuable services as president of the v General Conference .of 1878,and for the able address which he had delivered, that- morning.' He (Dr. Kelynsck') tad fcasn long associated -with Mr. WfitsfonJ in : work : and friendship. All who wtre preseut.at the last General Confe lence remembered his skilful pilotage in dis cueeioiiB cf great impartance. and delicacy, and admired his ability,, and -tact. They had also heard the eloquent address which he. had de livered that morning, and their 4earts had beau warmed by his- wotd- The iiev. S. Knight, having entered -the Conference, seconded tbe resolution, giving special -.csmmsnaatioaoj the address, and denisnstipg it as atrampet call to them and tp the ohurch. They thanked Mr. Watsford, and thanked God lor him. The Hon. John Colton supported, the.- resolution. He had bees connected with, the ex-president macy years ago, end his ministry had always keen -valued. The address was sexy timely as well as excellent, and he was .sure-, that the Methodists in .the.land would J-a thankful for jt. Three years -ago- lie -had. thought, that- the appointment , of .^r. .Wataford 69 president was the' rigbi;tnmg, and he .was now sure of it. Mr. VASEYand Mr. DATiES-alEo supported the rraolutjon, and the President, in putting it to the Conference, suggested that the .address be printed. Tne resolution' was unanimously carried. The Ex-Fhesidest acknowledged the vote, and said that he only had besn induced to 'deliver, the address- by the consideration -that brethren who succeeded him in the chair-niignt be led to follow his example, and they- would confer arrester benefit -on -ihe- Coafereace than ije could. ? , . Thanks were presented to the secretary for hie valuable net vice*,, and were duly- ac knowledged. The Bpv. J. B,&eephbnsom; stated-thai; it was ias mournful dnty: to formally report to the Conference that by. the wreck of the Tar»rua £re members of the Conference met with their -ieath. Thongb hebad,ri«rsonalacquaintaiice with only two of. those brethren, he- in common wita others, held them all in yeiy high osteein and love for tbe sakeJjf their work and their cha racter. He would not presume to make any reflections on the ead event by which they were all bowed down with sorrow. Hehadamouruful pleastirG in moving the following resolution: ? ' That having received formal information of the wreck of the Tararua,£n4 the consequent loss of the lives of five members' of the Conference, viz, tbe Eev. Joseph Waterhouse, J. ,B. Kicbardson (president of the New Zealand Oon feraice'),. and John ^rmitage, and,. Messrs. ,E. Cornell and E; MjtcbeU^this Conference desires to reverently ezprefs its submission to the mysterious dispensation of Divine Froviaenceby which it has been bereaved cf these beloved and honored brethren. It tenders its sympathy; to tbeJKew Zealand Jand Victoria and Tasmania Conferences, upon whom the loss falls with tbe most direct and' jfain'ful1 effect. And it condoles ' with the Inembers 'of ! the ' bereaved families of the' five.' brethren named, and ?commends - therty to the prayerful remem . branceof our churcttthrbugbout the eolon'es;' TleBev. W. Moaixv,pf New Zealand, s»id that in leconmrig the resolution be' wished is beer tome testimony concermng th%: work' and chaiacter'of their ?LBporetbren.' ;The ttev. J. B; Kchircson was 'th-e. feotf -of ;a Wealeyan jmmster.a^l tip acquaintanV with-1 the laws and utages.of Kethi-fU?m. was simply- oerfeot. Hjs work mtes circuits had been-mwt fethful «'ili£ent, scd tnccesefuj^ He had been'aopoinited to tcme very laboricuS po!ltiTO% and' tad uever iiliaiii. trcm the toil an.i self-eacrifice 'inJolvei by.suohsppourtmentB-. He bad been electe) last }car to tfie chaifuiantbip of- tbij Oaot-r turr pirtrjet, ooe of «,«, Urg?i-t dietricti :nlfew: 2^ UcdAJand durmg ftp. present ye« ?totte pUEnJetcy'e'rtheAew Zealan.? Oou. leitnce. Hd ^aa EjEttuufe from ttes.-, hoaots bot i e fcad-fiif'cbsJgVdthei'r jTitiiawitn mast mm'rfeed ' .. ability an-3- sactets. The Eev. John Armitase -wfis.probatly;iiiO}TO,to. nantpresent except the' .brethien |rcm,Hew .Zf aland, but he was highly ttteemed^m Kc owo cofchy. He *,*, deceived mtp tbe-imniitry seven sears «sb^having~ been Tprerfonily' emplbyetf *»b! local preacher and sreatly eiteemed. His herta, ? ?whSftfi had not been gpod, greatly improved from the time of his reception into the work, and he bad dene his work well. He was au exceedingly able ana-weli-read-tbeologiaivand -Ajnaan-pf^Jatjat^ literary attainments^ It had ljpen vhopea tkat he .would ;be. able to render mrrifAfn thg t-Tinxiti m iha.g'r^,,p^^ He had left eight children to mourn their loss. The t wo lay brethren lost in the Tararna wera-men-of great value to the church in New Zealand. Mr. Coxm&U; vas a. Scotchman, nanV'tormerly been a r Presbyterian, iwjw pouyerteduin thp.Werieyaa Churdi, and held beta ji modtzealouaand earnest member (of tHe ehrirchl 3e was -without. ex- ception Vihe nest tatempasneons speaker he (Mr. Morley) had ever known. He was a local preacher,alwavff-w.elcame.to toe congregations: He bad also a wonderful aptitude for dealing with tha^young,ind-had beea-very successful in work amongst young men.. His- absence from among them woe'd be greatly felt. Mr: Mitchell was ako a local preacher *ud a cli.;-; . leader. He bad been a Ecboolmatter.hnt .had. retired from that occupation and. hadV devorsd himself to evangeustic .eervic3s In Oanter-' bury. Of tbe^ Itev.' J._ Wajierhpuee ,he' ($he speaker) did cot know W qmcn a* -be did- of tbe others; but he might say that in New Zealand he was loved for his father's sake. His father (the Eev. John ,'W«t)erbaase)_wa3 .held in; £reat, esteem by, their, church. . The, Ban had vinted WewZeaitnd some years ago, and by bis fervor and.jKmjErhad^reitedanmtereBt iuhim 5e\f and his own career, and Had Been ever Bines remembered with affection. As yet they could fcarcely, realise, their Joes, and .he suppcred. they would pot' until they met nai. jcar. .in their, i annual . Ounfenenoa, . end. felt the gap made in .their number. Tbe Bev. G. DiNiEL said that he desired to epeak a few words as repreaeuting:Vicf aria, land ' to ezprecs the loss they had sustained in the death of Mr. WaterhoHse. Tnat gentlemsaiad .been, a jfaithfuL and Jabaripns missionary, and ever had the' mission cause aV'heart. 'His character was greatly admired, and those who knew him best loved him moat. He was apt in business matters, and had secured a pasi tion in the church in which his business ability wea. likely to have .proved of sreat value. But. God tad called him a tray. The Bev. J. 0. Sraovs said that Mr. Water house end himself were examined tigethev c. candidates for the ministry, and he c ?uld hardly now realise the loss of his friend. tl$- Water house bed msde great sacrifices— ingeed. he bad never shrank from celf- sasrince. Mr.' &Kxhim;, cf flew Zealfud, said he whs oaequil to ttie ' tRtk of eperking much on+aat ccmsion. They felt tbeir Iocs - to be very heavy indeed, bat they rejoiced ttat their, brathreu had been faithful men. . The Hjii. J. Coltok. remarked that fca a\so, could hardly lruft himself'to speak. The- first impression which existed when the sad news of the Tararoa diiatter Wived was that all the represent-^tives from New Zetland htibeen lctt. ' It afterwards transpired that matters were.not so bad as that, but still they were bafl .enough, It was a; re- markable dispensation of Providence to, which they must bow. God Jind done'. alLthings well, and no doubt tto reason e£ this deling would be clear 'by-andrby. He 'had known Mr. Waterhbuse,tut the others who werelost he had Dot been acquainted with, aod he was much pbjiged to. Mt. . Mcrley . for the olaar and int^resUng report he.had given catceniing the lost brethren. Scarcely any people bere h»d possetsed the information now.ptaoed before tbem, and many would hsglad, aaiie was, to kapw-hoff they had lived and what serfie^they hadrendered : They had worked well for tbe great Sl8ster,«Dd tbey had nowgoneto theirrewerdi He kcetr-Mr. Waterhouse.weU,and.ehoald-Jiot soon forget him. Mr. Waterhouse csme here in the ye*r 1847. He was a Sunday-£cUoo\ worker witfe him (Mr. Colton) in Franklia-streetraud was a- moBt earnest^ and - devoted: ? worker; He ejmpathi£ed- greatly, with.- NewZeabuid-in the loss' sustained by that colony, and thought perhaps they -ought to express some practical sympathy for the bereaved families. In his opinion the disontston of New Zealand aSaiu should not he influenced -fey this event,' and as far a6 possible Jhe thought tbtey should give New Zealand Methodism what it asked. Mr. Jei. | Scgtx, J.P., referred to -Mr. WafierhoniB's j earnest work, and' remarked that, sad as. the loss of their brethern seamed, he trusted they \rt-uld all ' receive tbe spiritual advantage that was-designed. in toe-tomole event.. The. Kev. K. B^-vuc (New Zealand; said he could not say many words! on this subjesb. Thtii feelirgB on that'oeoasiori wer^ wrought ts too.hi^gh a, pitjh, and' it might not be wise to piclong- remerks. He; had. known f oar of the lost ministers intimately, and he could endorse everything Sir. Moriey bad said about them. He had brought Mr. Armitage into tbe ministry, and .had been associated with him for fifteen years.. Mr.' Kiciardson in the presidency of the Conference had commanded the highest admiration, slrawiag himself alike injpartial, scholarly, gentle, and loving. :He. (Mr. Bavin) felt that they were nowcillei to tbe work in tbe spirit of renewed cori£3:ration to God. .Mr. Waterhpuse had {aid him fthe ?pcaker) under personal obligations doriug h'-i viiic to New Zealand, and he wished ts boar special testimony to tbe decsased'gsatleoiBu's personal worth. The. Kev. J. Watsfoeo sug gested that two able ministers might be sent to New Zealand to fill tte broken ranks there. Tte Eev. G. Beovtk, who was recaived with applause, said Mr. Waterhouse he! greatly estisted in tbe formation of the New Britain Mission by tbe help he had given in securing CEtive assistants for the work, and he would alwavs feeljateply grateful toisin. . The Bev. J. A. Nolan thought eome practical expr£3sion of f jmpathy ought to be given to the tcreaved families, and suggested, .that a move rqent «hpnld! be initiated for their- relief. ThePEEsiDENX.in putting the resolution, said the members of the Conference all deeply mourned tbe^ausence of tbeir brethren, and their loss must necesrarily have a saddening effect upon the proceedings. The resolution was uaani mouBly carried, and oa the motion of the Iiev. W. MoHi£r the secretary was directed to write a suitable letter to convey Uia resolutions of the Conference to the bereaved friends of the de ctaeed brethren. 