THE ABDUCTED. CHAPTER XX. Yet spite of all that nature did To make his uncouth form forbid, This creature dated to love! Old Ballad. We have said that Mrs. Bussel had set her heart on discovering the secret which she felt sure was connected with Gaspar Mountjoy's abode at one of the smart little villas at Woodhurst ville. One autum evening she had made, some ex cuse for coming down, to spend a few days at the Court. She determined, being extremely tormen ted by her unsatisfied curiosity, to walk over to Wppdhurstville and reconnoitre. She did not wish to attract attention, and therefore she put on an old garden bonnet and cloak of Mrs. Lacka day's, and stepped out very quietly across the park and through the plantation. At the end of the plantation was a footpath which led to Wood hurstville, and directly she readied it she saw footsteps (for it had rained the day before, and the ground was moist), send in these footmarks she recognised the shape of Gaspar Mountjoy's boot. There waa nothing wonderful in this, for he was often backwards and forwards, but the more open and the shorter way for him to have taken would have been the high road. She was speculating with the vulgar curiosity of a little mind on this, when her sharp eye lighted on a note which had evidently been dropped. She picked it up. It was directed — 'Gaspar Mountjoy, Esq., Highshot Villa, Wood hurstville.' The seal was broken— it had evidently been read. Mrs. Bussel had not much delicacy, and very little honour; but even she was obliged to call sophistry to he aid to excuse her reading this note; and this she did by pretending to herself that she ought to see whether it contained any in telligence which an aunt ought to make herself mistress of. It was in a female hand. Mrs. Bussel opened the note. It said : — 'As you are ss very anxious for secrecy, I will not visit you till dusk this evening. At eight o'clock expect me. There must be no hesitation, no delay, no flinching; all will depend on nerve, courage, endurance. Mind that everything is ready. He will not arrive till half-past eight. It depends on you alone to let us make you the happiest of men. 'Eliza Wood.' 'How fortunate I came this way,' said Mrs. Bussel to herself, 'and how providential that Gaspar dropped that designing hussey's note. I don't care about the late dinner to-day. I had such an excellent luncheon of cold sirloin and apple-tart; so I'll fathom this mystery somehow. It's now haft-past seven; that baggage will be at Gaspar's at eight. I'll hide about among the rocks until she's there. And the 'he' — I wonder who he is? Her father or brother, perhaps, coming to bully Gaspar into marryinp her — a fine thing in deed! What would sister Mountjoy do and say! and he likely to be the only male descendant of Woodhurst of Woodhurst — for I don't believe that melancholy Mina, will ever marry. It's my duty to my sister, my family, and the rash boy himself, to find out all about it.' Mrs. Bussel 'kept herself dark,' as she said, until she saw a woman in black arrive at Gaspar's door. The door was opened at once, and she slipped in. This Mrs. Bussel saw from her hid ing-place among the rocks. In about half an hour a tall, moustachioed, cloaked, fierce-looking man was also admitted. Mrs. Bussel then crept round, slid into Gaspar's little garden, and hid herself among some bushes close to his sitting-room window. By this time it was getting dark and the stars were coming out. The curtains were drawn, and the blinds were down, but there was a little space between the edge of the curtain and the wood-work on one side, and Mrs. Bussel, climb ing up a pear-tree which was nailed against the wall outside, peeped through this little crevice. The window was three feet from the ground. What does sharp, red-faced Mrs. Bussel see that a cry escapes her? Her cheeks, and even her snipe-like nose grow pale, and she shudders and trembles, yet gazes on with distended eyes and a beating heart. She saw Gaspar Mountjoy seated on a stool in the middle of the room, his coat and waistcoat off, and his mis-shapen body encased in a sort of iron corset, which the female in black, a nurse-like woman, was helping a foreign, moustachioed quack to screw up to a certain point, with a view to the reduction of the hump on Mountjoy's back. She saw Gaspar ghastly pale, raise imploring eyes | to the resolute quack, and she thought his white lips said, I cannot bear it, but she distinctly heard the quack say, 'courage, and you no longer'be lame Vulcan, but one Apollo, and no lady but will smile upon you den! Courage! one more screw, den de hump be no more, and we gib one ledle turn to de lame leg.' So saying, he unrolled before the pain-dimmed eyes of the livid Gaspar a paper on which, in very large letters, black and red, Was printed — 'Hope for the Hunchback! The halt and the lame rendered agile and graceful! — Doctor Antonio, of Milan, by the aid of a grand discovery of his own, and his iron corset and hip-crew, undertakes, for the sum of ten guineas, to remove any deformity, of however long standing. Courage and entire confidence on the part of the patient are all that is requisite. An experienced female attendant accompanies Doctor Antonio. Double fees required if patients reside in the country.' Mrs, Bussel read this puff from her hiding place. 'Poor Gaspar,' she said to herself, 'what a fool he is to be gulled in that way. Twenty guineas to those imposters, and all for nothing! No doctor in the world could remove his hump or cure his lameness. Ah, I see through it all now! I re member from a boy he pined to be loved, and cursed his hump and his lameness when all the girls preferred Oswald Egerton, and how he doubly cursed Egerton for having made him a hunchback and a cripple! and now he's in love with Ladybird, and he's seen this quack's puff, and fancies it's all true; and that he'll get rid of his hump and his limp, and that Ladybird'll love him!' At this moment the doctor and the nurse rushed up to Gaspar. The last screw sent the blood from his mouth, and he swooned away. CHAPTER XXI I could a tale unfold whose lightest word Would harrow up thy soul. — Shakespeare. It was as Mrs. Bussel suspected. Gaspar Mount joy, shrewd enough in all other matters, was blinded by vanity and passion in this affair of the iron corset, the hip-screw, and the impudent quack, Dr. Antonio. An ardent, ever-haunting desire for the love of woman had been his bane from boy hood, and bitter was his rage against fate and Oswald Egerton, against his hump, himself, and all woman-kind, when he found that his croaked back and limping gait prevented his obtaining the preference of any young and lovely girl in his own rank of life. It was worse still when his adoration for the sex was exchanged for an intense and almost insane passion for one of its brightest ornaments. It was when he was almost in despair that Dr. Antonio's puff met his eye, and he re solved that no amount of bodily anguish or ex pense should prevent his getting rid of these curses of his life, his hump and his lameness. Dr. Antonio, a base and impudent imposter, put him to excruciating torture and considerable expense, and then decamped, leaving him, of course, not one iota the better as regarded his de formity, but his health much injured by the agony ne had endured with so much fortitude. Mrs. Bussel had watched till she had seen the iron corset and the hip-screw removed and the unhappy man restored to life. That was Dr. Antonio's last visit, and as Mrs. Bussel was not all evil, and something in this effort to obtain the form that might win woman's love touched her heart, she never betrayed the secret she had discovered. She often visited the villa to ascer tain whether the villa quack had reappeared, but ieo&me; no more. Instead of a visit he sent Gaspar a letter, in which he threw the blame of failure on the obstinacy of Gaspar's hump, not on any want of skill in himself or truth in his system, and Gaspar found himself minus some eighty pounds, and with the sense, of having suffered a martyrdom, and been completely gulled. He kept his bed for a fortnight, and then he re appeared at the Court, and Mina, who had missed his kind attentions, was very glad to see him again. She had never spoken to him of her two sorrows that still, in spite of outward composure, cast their black shadows over her path of life-the death of Oswald Egerton and the abduction of her little protege, Mary. The latter seemed to haunt her the most perseveringly because the child's fate was uncertain. It was impossible to conceive what the sufferings might be at that very moment, when Mina was thinking of her, or sitting by the fire, looking into its dead embers as if therein lay the secret. Had she been certain the little girl was dead she might have become resigned. We must resign ourselves to the irrevocable, and with regard to Oswald Egerton after months of passion ate anguish, Mina seemed to have wept away her grief; and now that she had regained her power of acting and thinking, she was tormented by a desire to be doing something to discover Mary's fate, to be taking some steps for the recovery of the poor little lost one. She did sot dare to allude, before her father, to the subject that was preying on her mind, but she could not quite dis guise her longing to be taking some steps for the recovery of Mary from Gaspar Mountjoy. She had almost made up her mind to consult him on the subject, when one day that she was about to practise in the large hall upon the organ, which was placed in an antique gallery, she found on the music-desk a piece of parchment, old, yellow, and smelling very musty, and on it, in old English letters was written— If Mina Woodhurst has courage to visit the Blue Chamber alone at twelve o'clock tonight, she will learn something connected with the fate of Oswald Egerton and of Mary. Mina turned very pale, and hid the parchment in her bosom, when she thought she heard a step, but it was fancy; no one ever entered that gallery but herself — no one else ever opened the organ. She trembled violently as, rushing to an oriel window, she examined, this mysterious message. Whence could it come? What could it mean? What mortal could know aught of her secret fear, of vain longing for Mary, or take this means of communicating with her? Could this invisible world really take cognisance of a mortal's grief? — really communicate with a mortal? The melan choly and anxious mind easily becomes super stitions, and Mina remembered all the Mayflowers and Phoebe's mother had said about the Ghost of the Blue Chamber, and their conviction that he had spirited Mary away. 'I will visit the Blue Chamber at twelve o'clock,' she said to herself 'What have I to fear? I cannot be more wretched than I am.' Then quot ing Hamlet, she murmured, My life, I do not set it at a pin's fee, And for my soul, what can it do to that, Being a thing immortal as itself?' All day Mina was in a state of secret agitation. She shunned the presence of her aunt and Lady bird. She pleaded indisposition, and shut herself up in her room. Mr. Woodhurst was in London, so were the Bussels. Gaspar, too, had called in the morning to ask if the ladies had any commands, as he was going to town at once for a week. It seemed an age till everything was quiet, doors and shutters secured for the night, and lights and fires put out. At eleven all was still, and by a quarter to twelve no one was awake at Woodhurst Court save Mina. Her heart beat very quick. She was deadly pale, but quite resolved. She knew where the key of the old wing hung. She quickly opened her door, noiselessly stepped across the corridor, a lamp in her hand, seized the key, opened the door of another long passage that led to the Blue Chamber. The wind closed the door behind her, and extinguished her lamp, but the moon beams, cold and blue, stole through round holes in the shutters, and lighted up grim faces of Old Woodhursts and their dames empannelled in the walls On she sped. She was in a strange, exalted, ex cited state, scarcely conscious of bodily feeling — all mind, all soul! She felt awe, but no fear. She has reached the door of the Blue Chamber. With a desperate resolve she turns the key, the door opens, a wild cry bursts from her lips, her' limbs grow cold and rigid, her eyeballs start from their sockets! Why is she thus paralysed ? What does she see? 