MARY MARSTON, BY DR. GEORGE MA.ODOKA.tiD. CHAPTER xxnr. THE MBRIAL. Things had been going nowise really better with Mary, thongh there was now more iall and less storm around her. The position was becoming less and less endurable to her, and she had as yet no glimmer of a way out of it. Breath of genial air never blew in the shop, except when this and that customer entered it. But how dear the dull old chapel had grown! Not that she beard anything more to her mind, or that she paid any more attention to what was said; bnt the memory of her father filled the place, Bnd when the Bible was read, or some favourite hymn suDg, be seemed to her actually present. And might not love,abe thought, even love to her, be strong enough to bring him from the gracious freedom of the new life, back to the bouse of bondage, to share it for an hour with his daughter ? When Hesper entered, she ws> disappointed to see Mary so mnch changed. Bat when, at sight of her, the pale face brightened, and a faint rosy flash overspread it from brow te chin, Mary was herself again as Hesper had known her; and the radiance of htr own presence reflected from Mary cast a reflex of sunshine into the February of HeBper's beart. Had Mary known how long it was since such a smile had lighted the face she so mnch. admired, hers would have flushed with a profounder pleasure. Hesper was human after all, though her humanity was only mollnscous as yet, and it is not in the power of humanity in any stage of development to hold itself indifferent to the pleasure of being loved. Also, poor as is the feeling compara tively, it is yet a reflex of love itself—the shine of the sun in a rain-pool. She walked- up to Mary, holding out her hand. "Ob, ms'am, I am so glad to see you!" exclaimed Mary, forgettiDg her manners in her love. " I too am glad," drawled Hesper, genuinely, though with condescension ; " I hope you are well. I cannot say you look so." "I am pretty well, thank you, ma'am," answered Mary, flushing afresh. Not much anxiety was anywhere expressed about her health now, except by Beenie, who mourned over the loss of her plumpness, and told her if she did not eat she would soon follow her poor father. "Come and have a drive with me," said HeBper, moved by a sudden impulse: through some hidden motion ef sympathy, she felt, as she looked at her, that the place was stuffy. " It will do you good," she went on. " Yon are too much indoors. And the ceiling is low," she added, looking up. " It is very kind of you," replied Mary, " but —I don't think I could quite manage it to-day." She looked round as she spoke. There were not many customers; but for conscience' sake she was trying hard to give as little ground for offence as possible. "Why not? If I were to ask Mr." " If yon really wish it, ma'am, I will venture to go for half an hour. There is no occasion to speak to Mr. Turnbull. Besides, it is almost dinner-time." " Do then. I am sure you will eat a better dinner for having had a little fresh air first. It is a lovely morning. We will drive to the Roman Camp on the top of Olover-down." " I shall be ready in two minutes," said Mary, and ran from the shop. As she passed aloDg the outside of his counter coming back, she stopped and told Mr. Turn hull where she was going. Instead of answering her, he turned himself towards Mrs. Kedmain, and went through a sei ies of bows and smiles recognizant of favonr, which she did not choose to see. She turned and walked from the shop, got into the brougham, and made room for Mary at her side. But although the drive was a lovely one, and the view from either window delightful, and to Mary it was like getting out of a tomb to leave the shop in the middle of the day, she saw little of the sweet country on any side, so much occupied was she with Hesper. Ere they stopped again at the shop-door, the two young women were nearer being friends than Hesper had ever before been with any one. The sleepy heart in her was not yet dead, bnt capable still of the pleasure of showing sweet condescenion and gentle patronage to one who admired her, and was herself agreeable. To herself ebe justified her kindness to Mary with the remark that the young woman deserved encouragement— whatever that might mean—because she was so anxious to improve herself .'—a duty Hesper could recognize in another. As they went, Mary told her something of her miserable relations with the Tarnbulls; and as they returned, Hesper actually—this time with perfect seriousness—proposed that she should give up business and live with her. Nor was this the ridiculous thing it may at first sight appear to not a few of my readers. It arose lrom what w&b; almost the first movement in the direction of genuine friendship Hesper bad ever felt. She had been familiar in her time with a good many, but familiarity is not friendship, and may or may not exist along with it. Some who would scorn the idea of & friendship with each as Mary, will be familiar enough with maids as selfish as themselves, and part from them - no part with them, the next day, or the nest hour, with never a twinge of regret. Of this Hesper w8b as capable as any; but friendship is its own justification, and she felt no horror at the new motion of her heart. At the same time she did not recognize it as a friendship, and had she. ] suspected Mary of regarding their possible rela tion in that light, she would have dismissed her with pride, perhaps contempt. Nevertheless, the sorely whelmed divine thing in her had utteredja feeble sigh of incipient longing after the real; Mary had begun to draw out the love in her; while her conventional judgment justified the proposed extraordinary proceeding with the argument of the endless advantages to result from having in the house, devoted to her wishes, a young womsn with an absolute genius for dressmaking; one capable not only of origi nating in that foremost of arts, but, no doubt, with a little experience, of carrying out also with her own hands, the ideas of her mistress. No more would she have to send for the dress maker on every smallest necessity! No more must she postpone confidence in her appearance, that was, in herself, until Sepia, dressed, should be at leisure to look her over! Never yet had Bhe found herself the best dressed in a roam: now there would be hope! Nothing, however, was clear in her mind as to the position she would have Mary occupy. She had a vague feeling that one like her ought not to be expected to undertake things befitting such women as her msid Folfcer; for between Mary and Folter there was, she saw, less room for comparison than between Folter and a naked Hottentot. She was incapable, at the same time, of Beeing that, in the eyes of certain courtitrs of a high kingdom, not much known to the world of fashion, but not the less judges of the beautiful, there was a far greater difference between Mary and herself than between herself and her maid, or between her maid and the Hottentot. For, while the said beholders could hardly have been astonished at Hesper's marrying Mr. Redmain, there would, haefMary done such a thing, have been dismay and a hanging of the head before the face of her Father in Heaven. " Come and live with me, Miss Marston," said Hesper; but it was with a laugh, and that light tonch of the tongue which suggests but a flying fancy spoken but for the sake of the prepos terous ; while Mary, not forgetting she had heard the same thing once before, heard it with a smile, and had no rejoinder ready; whereupon Hesper, who was in reality feeling her way, ventured a little more seriousness. " I should never ask you to do anything you would not like," she said. "I don't think you could,"answered Mary. " There are more things I should like to do for you than you would think to ask. In fact," she added, iookiDg round with a loving smile, "I don't know what I shouldn't like to do for you " " My meaning was, that, as a thing of course. I should never ask you to do anything meDial," explained Hesper, venturing a* little farther still, and now speaking in a tone perfectly matter-of-fact. " I don't know what 50a intend by menial," returned Mary. Hesper thought it not unnatural abe should not be familiar with the word, and proceeded to explain it as well as ehe could. That aeeming ignorance may be the consequence of more knowledge, she had yet to learn. " Menial, don't you know ?" she said," is what you give servants to do." But therewith she remembered that Mary's help in certain things, wherein her maid's incapacity was harrowing, was one of the hopes she mainly^ cherished in making her proposal! that definition of menial would hardly do! " I mean, I mean," she resumed, with a little embarrassment, a rare thing with her," things like—like—cleaning one's shoes, don't you know ?—or brushing yonr hair." Mary hurst out laugbiDg. " Let me come to you to-morrow morning," she said," and I will brush your hair that you will want me to come again the next day. You beautiful creature whose hands would not be honoured to handle snch a lovely stuff as that?" As she spoke, she took in her fingers a little spray drift from the masses of golded twilight that crowned one of the loveliest temples in which the Holy Ghost had not yet come to dwell. " If cleaning your shoes be menial, brushing your hair must be royal," she added. Hespei's heart was touched; and if at the same time her self was flattered, the flattery was mingled with its best antidote— love. " Do you really mean," she said," you would not mind doing such things for me ? Of coarse I should not be exacting," She laughed again, afraid of showing herself too much in earnest before she was sure o Mary. ■'Ton would not ask me to do anything menial 2" said Mary archly, ** I dare not promise," said Hesper in tone re sponsive. " How could I help it, if I saw you longing to do what I was longing ts have you do ?" she added, growing more and more natnral. " I would no more mind cleaning your boots than my own," said Mary. ■'But I should not like to clean my own boots," rejoined Hesper. " Ho mere should I, except it had to be done. Even then I would much rather not," returned Mary, "for cleaning my own would not interest me. To clean yours would. Still I would rather not, for the time might be put to better use—except always it were necessary, and then, of course, it couldn't. But as 'to anything de grading in it, I scorn the idea. I heard my father once say, that to look down on those who have to do such thiDgs may be to despise them for just the one honourable thing about them. Shall I tell you what I understand by the word menial 2 You know it has come to have a dis agreeable taste about it, though at first it ODly meant, as you say, something that fell to the duty of attendants." "Do tell me," answered Hesper, with care less permission. "I did not find it out myself," said Mary. " My father taught me. He was a wise, as well as a good man, Mrs. Bedm&in.;" " Oh !" said Hesper, with the ordinary indif ference of fashionable people to what an inferior may imagine worth telling tbem. "Hesaid," persisted Mary, notwithstanding, " that it is menial to undertake anything you think beneath you for the sake of- money; and still more menial, having undertaken it, not to do it as well as possible." " That wonld make out a good deal more of the menial in the world than is commonly sup posed," laughed Hesper. " 1 wonder who would do anything for you if you didn't pay them — one way or another!" " I've taken my father's shoes out of Beenie's lands many a time." said Mary," aBd finished them myself, just for the pleasure of making them shine for him." " Be-a-lly !" drawled Hesper, and set out for the conclusion that after all it was no such great compliment the youog woman had paid her in wantiog to brush her hair. Evidently she had a taste for low thiDgs!—was naturally menial!—would do as much for her own father as for a lady like her! Bat the light in Mary's eyes checked her. " Any service done without love, whatever it be," reeun4w Mary," is slavery—neither more nor less. It cannot be anything else. So, you. see, most slaves are made slaves by themselves, and that is what makes me doubtful whether I ought to go on serving in the shop; for, as far as the Turnbulls are concerned, I have no pleasure in it; I am only helping them to make money, not doing them any good." " 'Why do you not give it up at once then ?" asked Hesper. " Because I like serving the customers. They were my father's customers; and I have learned so much from having to wait on them !* " Well, now," said Hesper, with a rush for the goal," if yon will come to me, I will make you comfortable; and you shall do just as much or as little bb you please." "'What will yonr maid think?" suggested Mary " If I am to do what I please, she will soon find me trespassing on her domain." "I never trouble myself about what my servants think," said Hesper. " But it might hurt her, you know—to be paid to do a thing and then not allowed to do it." " She may take herself away then. I had not thought of parting with her, but I should not be at all sorry if she went. She would be no loss to me." " Why should you keep her then ?" " Because one is just as good—and as bad as another. She knows my ways, and I prefer not having to break in a new one. It is a bore to esy how you like everything done." "But yon are speaking now as if you meant it," Baid Mary, waking np to the fact that Hesper'e tone wbb of business, and she no longer seemed half playing with the proposal. "Do you mean you want me to come and live with you ?" " Indeed I do," answered Hesper em phatically. "You shall have a room close to my bedroom, and there you shall do aB you like all day long; and when I want you I dareBay yon will come." " Fast enodgb," said Mary cheerily, as if all was eettled. In contrast with her present surroundings, the prospect was more than attractive. " But would you let me have my piano ?" she asked, with sadden apprehension. " You shall have my grand piano always when I am out, which will be every night in the season, I daresay. That will give you plenty of practice; and you will be able to have' the best of lessons. And thick of the concerts and oratorios you will go to!" As she spoke, the carriage drew np at the door of the 6hop, and Mary took her leave. Hesper accepted her acknowledgments in the proper style of a benefactress, and returned her good-by kindly. But not yet did ehe shake hands with her. Some of my readers may wonder that Mary should for a moment dream of giving up what they wonld call her independence; for was she not on her own ground in the shop of which she was a proprietor ? and was the change proposed, by whatever name it might be called, anything other than service ? But they are outside it, snd Mary was in it, and knew how little such an independence was worth the name. Almost everything about the shop had altered in its aspect to her The very Bir she breathed in it I seemed slavish. Nor was the change in her. I Tbe whole thing was growing more and more sordid, for now—save for her park—the one spirit rated it entirely. The work had there fere more or less grown a drudgery to her. The spirit of gain was in full blast, and whoever did hot trim his sails to it was in danger of finding it roogh weather. 176 longer oonld she, without offence, and consequent disturbances of spirit, arrange her attendance as she pleased, or have the same time for reading as before. She could encounter black looks, but she could not well live with them; and how was she to continue the servant of each ends as were now exclusively acknowledged in the place ? The proposal of Mrs. Redmain stood in advantageous contrast to this treadmill-work. In her house she would be called only to the ministrations of love, and would have plenty of time for books and music, with a thousand means of growth unapproach able in Teshbridge. Ail tbe slavery lay in the shop, all the freedom in the personal service. But she strove "hard to suppress anxiety, for she saw that of all poverty-stricken contradictions a Christian with little faith is the worst. The chief attraction ts her, however, was simply Heeper herself. She had fallen in love with her—I hardly know how otherwise to describe the current with which her being set towards ber. Few hearts are capable of loving as she loved. It was not merely that she saw in Hesper a grand creature, and lovely to look upon, or that one so much her superior in posi tion showed such a liking for herself; she saw in her one she could help, one at least who sorely needed help, for she seemed to know nothing of what made life worth having—one who had done, and must yet be capable of doing thiDgs degrading to the humanity of woman hood. "Without the hope of helping In the highest sense, Mary could not have taken up her abode in such a house as Mrs. Redmain's. Ho outward service of any kind, even to the sick, was to her service enough to elms:: were it laid upon her, she would hasten to it; for necessity is the push, gentle or strong, as the man is more er less obedient, by which God sends him into the path he would have him take. But to help to the birth of a beautiful Psyche, enveloped all in the gummy cerecloths of its chrysalis, not yet aware, even, that it must get out of them, and spread great wings to the sunny wind of God—that was a thing for which the holiest of saints might well take a servant's place—the tiring for which the Lord of life had done it before him. To help out such a lovely sister—how Hesper would have drawn herself up at the word! it is mine, not Mary's—as she would be when no longer holden of death, but her real self, the self God meant her to be when he began making her, would indeed be a thing worth having lived for ! Between the ordinarily benevolent woman and Mary Marston there was about as great a difference as between the fashionable church-goer and Catherine of Siena. She would be Hesper's servant that she might gain Hesper. I would not have her therefore v ondered at as'a marvel of humility. She was simply a youug woman who believed that the man called Jesus Christ is a real person, such as thoBe represent him who profess to have known him ; and Bhe therefore believed the man himself—believed that, when he said a thing, he entirely meant it, knowing it to bs true; believed, therefore, that she had no choice but do a* be told her. That man was the servant of all; therefore, to regard any honest service as degrading would be, she saw, to deny Christ, to call the life of creation's hero a dis grace. Nor wss be the first servant; he did not of himself choose his life; the Father gave it him to live—sent him to be a servant, becaase be, tbe Father, is the first and greatest servant of all. He gives it to one to serve as the rich can, to another as the poor must. The only dis grace, whether of the counting- house, the shop, or the family, is to think the service degrading, if it he sach, why not ait down and starve rather than do it ? No man has a right to dis grace himself. Starve, I say; the world will lose nothiDg iu you, for you are its disgrace, who count service degrading. You are much too grand people for what your Maker requires of you, and does himself, and yet you do it after a fashion, because you like to eat and go warm. You would, take rank iu the kingdom of hell, not the kingdom of heaven. But obedient love, learned by the meanest Abigail, will make of her an angel of ministration, such a one aa he who came to Peter in the prison, at whose touch tbe fetters fell from the limbs of the apoBtle. " What forced, overdriven, Utopian stuff! A kingdom always coming, and never come! I hold by what is. This solid, ploughable earth will serve my turn. My business is what I can find in the oyster." I hear you, friend. Your answer will come whence yon do not look for it. For some their only answer will be the coming of that which they deny ; and the Presence will be a very different thing to those who desire it and those who do not. In the meantime, if we are not yet able to serve like God from pure love, let us do it because it is his way; so shall we come to do it from pure love also. The very next morning, as she called it—that is, at foar o'clock iu the afternoon—Hesper again entered the shop, and, to the surprise and annoyance of the master of it, was taken by Mary through tbe counter and into tbe hosue. "Whata false impression," thought the great msn, "will it give of the way we live to see tbe Marstons' shabby parlour in a warehouse!" But he would have been more astonished and moro annoyed still had the deafening masses of soft goods that filled the house permitted him to hear through them what passed between the two. Before they came dowu Mary had aocepted a position in Mrs. Redmain's house, if that may be called a position which was so undefined; and Hesper had promised that she would not mention the matter. For Mary judged Mr. Turnbnll would be too glad to get rid of her to mind how brief the notice she gave him, and she wonld rather not undergo the remarks that were sure to be made in contempt of her scheme. She counted it only fair, however, to let him know that she intended giving up her place behind the counter, hinting that, as she meant to leave when it suited ber without further warning, it would be well to look out at once for one to take her p7ace. As to her money iu the business, she scarcely thought of it, and said nothing about it, believing it as safe as in the Bank. It was in the power of a dishonest man who prided him self on his honesty—the worst kind of rogue in the creation; but she had not yet learned to think of him as a dishoLest man—only as a greedy one—and the money had been there ever since she had beard of money. Mr. Turnbull was so astonished by her com munication that, not seeing at once how the change was likely to affect him, he held his peace—with the cunning pretence that his eilence arose from anger. His first feeliDg was of pleasure, but the man of business must take care how he shows himself pleased. On reflec tion, be continued pleased; for, as they did not seem likely to succeed in securing Mary in the way tbey bad wished, tbe next best thing certainly would be to get rid of her. Perhaps indeed it was the very beet thing; for it would be easy to get George a wife more suitable to the position of bis family than a little canting Dissenter, and her money would be in their bards all the same; while, once clear of her hauntiDg cat-eyes, ready to pounce upou what ever hsr soft-headed father bad taught her wss wicked, lie could do twice the business. But while he continued pleased he continued care ful not to show hi* satisfaction, for she would } then go smelling about for the cause! Daring three whole days, therefore, he never spoke to • her. On the fourth, he spoke as if nothing had ever been amiss between them, and showed". some interest in her farther intentions. Bat-: Mary, in the straightforward manner peculiar to herself, told him she preferred not speaking of them at present; whereupon the canning, man concluded that she wanted a place in another shop, and was on the outlook—prepared to leave the moment one should tarn np. She asked him one day whether he had yet ■ fonnd a person to take her place. "Time enough for that," he answered. "Yon're not gone yet;" "As you please, Mr. Tiirnbull," said Mary. . " It was merely that I should be sorry to leave - you without sufficient help in the shop." "And I should be sorry," rejoined Turn bull, "that Miss Marston should fancy herself : indispensable to the business she turned her - back upon." From that moment, the restraint he had for the last week or two laid upon himself thus broken through, he never spoke to her, except - with such rudeness that Bhe no longer ventured to address him even on shop-businesB; and all' the people in the place, George included, follow- - ing the example so plainly set them, she felt, when, at last, in the month of November, a - letter from Hesper heralded the hour of her - deliverance, that to take any formal leave would be but to expose herself to indignity. She - therefore merely told Turnbull one evening as - he left the shop that she would not be there in the morning, and was gone from Testbridge before it waB opened the next day. 