THE STANDARDS OF TIIE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. ' Dr. Macdonald dcclivercd the first oE two loc- tares bearing upon tho recent discussion on the subject of the Confession of Faith, at the Presby terian Church, Emerald-hill, last evening. Tlio rev. gentleman spoke as follows The document which wo call the Standards or Formularies ot our Church are at present engaging a largo amount of attention throngbout Presbyterian Christendom. It- is not only in Australia that the subject is being discussed, but also in Scot land and America. One of the leading questions which was considered at both meetings of the Pan-Presbyterian Council in Edinburgh and Philadelphia was .the matter of confessions, and a committee of tho church, with Dr. John Cairns at its head, is now at work on tho subject, with the purpose of reporting to the noxt meeting, to he held at Belfast threo years hence. It is not therefore in Melbourne only that our creed is being strictly looked into, but everywhere whero there is anyone to care for Christian opinion, and I think that I am only in tho path of duty, as one of the older ministers of the Presbyterian Church, in drawing attention to tho, subjoet, and in helping to prepare our peoplo for an intelligent understanding of it. I believe that aU roligious and ecclesiastical questions aro coming moro and more under tho judgment of public opinion, and I think that thoso of us who arc watchmen on tho towers of Zion should givo their own minds prayerfully to ail matters af fecting religion and the church, and should help to prepare public opinion for its decision. It may he as well, at tbe outset, to forewarn you, however, that the appoal here is not to any miscellaneous public opinion, but that on tho one band we submit our views to tho : Christinn judgment of loyal adherents of tho Presbyterian Church, and that, on tbe ether, wc appeal not to fiery zealots, but to those who can think over important doctrines and' principles without passion, and yet with logical prcclston and judicial gravity. The first thought in this connection wliiclione lins to think over is whether tbero should he creeds at all. Whether tho church should have ever systematised Christian doctrines. Now, in reply to this, wo say that it is beyond nil question tbat thero is a system of doctrine underlying the facts and revelations of Scripture. There is a science of theology implied in Holy Writ as certainly as there is a science of astronomy in nature, a science of jurisprudence in law, and a science of ethics in morals. ( I admit that there may have been many mis takes made in systematising theology as there have been in systematising astronomy, and I sorrowfully admit that theological discus sion has got too often into tho hands of angry and weak men, though theology is not tho only subject which gets into wrong hands, and it should be remembered that fools are on both sides of most questions; and that if, as alleged, the Pharisees are on one side the Sadducees are on the other. In short, accusations and sneers do not lend to truth, and I intend to submit what I have .to say in theso two lectures, not to the passions or prejudices, but to the good sense of those who will listen to me. The only good argument against creeds would be that Christian opinion is so much at one, that formulated con fessions aro not required ; but is the fact so? Can it be said that there is now but one general opinion about the inspiration of Scripture, tho persou of Christ, the place of Christ's righteousness m tbe plan of salvation, or tho supremacy of justice in the moral government of God ? Some forty years ago. when I was a student under Dr. Chalmers, the impression then generally was that there was an approximate consensus in all Pro testant churches as to the truth of tho doctrines of grace, and that soon tbo rigidity of creeds might be relaxed. This great man himself encouraged us to look hopefully in that direction, and ho most devoutly wished that the church could do without creeds, but, abas, since then wo have hud two great outbursts oi heresy, which havo thoroughly frightened evangelical theolo gians, and which, I fear, have postponed all expectation of relaxing our creed till another era. One is the sacramental movement in tho Church of England, which has already landed a large section of that body in tbo Church of Rome ; and tho other, from the opposite side of the com pass, is German rationalism, which believes too little, as tho other believes too much, and which Is at present the great disturber of tho peace of the Presbyterian Church. Meanwhile we havo to consider creeds as they are. And first as to their history. It is certain tbat from the early centuries onwards Christian preachers and thinkers endeavored to systematise the doc trines of Scripture. This was specially tho case in Alexandria, where there was always a philosophising tendency, and where the good practice of catechising was generally prevalent. Our own shorter catechism has done more to indoctrinate Scotland than any other instrumen tality employed, and tho catechumens of Alexan dria were taught Christian doctrine in a similar way. Three general or œcumenical creeds have come down to us from ancient times, each of which has engaged much attention. 1\. The first is that sublime production which is usunjly called, emphatically, The Creed or the Apostles' Creed, and which is so short and com prehensive that I may quote it at length " I believe in God the Father Almighty, maker of heave a and earth, and in Jesus Christ, His only Son, our Lord, who was conceived by the Holy Ghost, born of tho Virgin Mary, suffered under Pontius Pilate, was crucified, dead and buried. He descended into hell, the third day Ho rose again from the dead. He ascended into heaven, and sitteth at the right hand of God tho Father Almighty. From thence he shall come to judge the quick and the dead. I believe in the Holy Ghost, the Holy Catholic Church, the communion of saints, the forgiveness of sins, tho resurrection of tho body, and the life everlasting. Amen." It is certain that this precious document, though called the Apostles' Creed, did not originate with the immediate followers of our Lord, and it is likely that it did not take its rise In any one mind or set of minds. It pro bably grew with variations till it took its present form in the fourth century. I may mention that the clause referring to the descent into hell is not in all tho original copies, and that this clause is omitted in tho works of Ambrose, Bishop of Milan, who flourished in the fourth century. The terrible word hell makes one shrink from the clause altogether, though, as it is now interpreted, the sentence simply means that tho soul of Jesus while in the grave was actually separate from His body and went for the time into Hades, not tho place of torment, but the place of tho departed. With this explanation most earnest Chris- tians can accept the oldest creed in Christen dom. Two things aro noticeable in it — one is the prominence given to the facts in the earthly life of Christ Our faith is based on facts. Actual fact is tho backbone of tho Christian system. The other is tlio absence of the Pauline scheme of theology, the explana tion being that in tho very early centuries the facts rather than tho doctrines of the gospel wero in the crucible, and that it was not till tho fourth century that tho Pauline theology came to be discussed and systematised. 2. The second is the Nicene Creed, of which I will only quote as much as will show you how theological distinc- tions began to grow early in the fourth .century about tho person of Christ. " We believe in One God tho Father Almighty, maker of all -things visible and invisible, and in One Lord .Jesus Christ, tho Son of God, begotten of tho Fathers-only begotten, that is, of tho substance of tho Father— God of God, Light of Light, Very God of Very God, begotten not made, of tho same substance with tho Father," A&c.; Beyond tho fuller doctrine as to tho divinity of Christ, there is no more doctrine in this creed than in the first. It concludes, however, with an ominous anathema, which we meet now for the first time in creeds, though, alas ! not for tho last time. 3. Tho third is the Athanasian creed, which, however, was not composed by Athana- sius, and is remarkable for the prominence which is given to tho doctrine of the Trinity, thus, "We worship one God in Trinity, and Trinity in Unity, neither confounding the persons nor divining the substance, for there is one person of tho Father, another of the Son, and another of the Holy Ghost, but the god head of the Father, of tho Son and ot the Holy Ghost is all one, tho glory equal, the majesty co- eternal." I may also add that this early creed goes into dotaiied doctrine as to tho person auu incarnation of Christ, and frequently repeats that be who does not believe in the state ments of the creed must (but not that they should) perish everlastingly. These damnatory clauses, as they have been called, harsh appearance to this creed and make many Christian men shrink from what they regard as otherwise a very valuable compendium of doctrine on the im portant subject of tho Second Person of the God- head. The damnatory clauses themselves, how- over, in tho so, called Athanasian creed, are not by any means so harsh as they reappear a thou sand years later in the decrees of the Council of Trent. In tho one case it is simply foretold of a heretic, salvus esse non potest— " he cannot be alvftnia.,,_whereas, on the other, it is sit anathema s and dis him perish." It. is still to be noted that buckets a.- theology does not appear in any test iso, colonial , . (j0 not find it i« any requisites. the Reformation, when Luther — : — ; » doctrine of justification to bo toSs''. efm"' /i-CCfc,'f Tallin" tt of a standing or a tailing — fxTTTnust here enter a caveat against rems forkfeou that I under-estimate tip inery. 1S5 SidoCT in thus pointing out -tliat 1. r in the early creeds. I know- that Co., MAMl in Patristic literature, and tnat 1 Marino ENGIj chief of the Latin fathors, coil- iiridgcs, girders, 'or Pauline doctrine. lint the me- ths, Ac., las nwas not in fart a doctrinal body. I after the Reformation docido ic-poiver, wanted. g 0f theology, and doctrinal sys- . Trotman, Glen Aw t|inIn now were first given to tlio —350 keen arenas of discussion, iizos; cheapest ill Genoviu Tho first formal con- ft Co., HI Hinder? wor;t by Protestants aftor fi'mdcrs-8tieJn Wns the Angsburu confession, rs, Cop|icrsniith«e characteristics of tho thoughtful ifactuici'8. ,„t Xntinity of Philip Mclancthon, winding, vcrtfcho'.ar and theologian of Wittem- rtical, Cornish, ho proparcd this summary of -bank. jctxine to he submitted to KG COMPANY tho empire in 1430, thirteen lod Iron, Jlorso itmther tool: his stand against- ting, Stamper ijf Rome. Tho document waa ;inoors and Agri,a Jhuperor at the Diet in both vots, now Patents that hence forth 'tha boarao" o made to the people,- an-thtfacfr the Augsburg confession is tho Protestant creed of Germany to this day. This creed embraces tho Apostles' creed, as all subsequent creeds do ; but as might be expected, it also contains tho great Lutheran doctrine of justification, and also tor tho first time in creeds tho doctrine of original sin. Thirty- four years after this tho Romish Church published n counterblast in the creed of Popo Pins IV. It is remarkable that cventho Church of England had its thirty-nine Articles before tho Romish Church published an an- tlioritative creed, though my space will allow me only to follow those confessions which led to our own Westminster Confession, with which we have specially to do. John Calvin is tho great theologian of tho Christian Church. He yes indebted to Augustine, but he drew his inspira tion from the Apostle Paul, and all men agree that his writings are all but authoritative exposi tions of Pauline theology. Calvin published his Institutes in 1538, and the book has been a kind of informal confession to Protestants from that time to this. I am not aware, however, that Cal vin ever published what we call a creed, and it was not till after his death that the theo logians of Switzerland considered it necessary to publish a formal confession of Calvinistic faith. Tho Helvetic confession, as tho standard of the Swiss Churches is called, is Calvinistic, but not severely so. In truth Calvin himself was not half so Calvinistic as he gets credit for. He never singled out any one doctrine, say predistination, and maintained it against every other doctrine. His was a comprehensive intellect, which regarded Christian doctrine as one whole, and ouch doc trine as modifying all the others, and tho Helvetic confcsrion partakes of tne same character. For the first time in creeds the fact of the full of man appeal's, and of course predestination and election with repentance and justification by faith. Now, also for tho first time in a confession, tho important matter of church courts and the duties of tho civil magis trate comes to tho front. This confession was soon approved by the reformed churches of Scotland, France, Poland and Hungary, and was for a timo tlio reformed, as distinguished from the Lutheran, confession. Tho next stage in con fessions was the Quinquarticular Confession of Holland. The reformed faith soon spread in tho Dutch Republic, and as might be looked for in a Republic every doctrine was publicly dis cussed and was strictly scrutinised, Tho issue was that the Dutch Church became sternly Cal vinistic, with tho usual recoil of tho formation of an Arminian party accusing their opponents of gloom, harshness and all tho rest of it, and being accused in turn of Latitudinarianism, legalism and all the other charges with which we are too familiar. Arminius was himself a Dutchman, and had studied at Geneva. He was afterwards appointed professor of theology at Leyden, and soon began to question the doctrine of uncondi tional election. His orthodoxy was at once challenged, and it is barely possible to conceive in our more sober time how all Holland seems to have gone theologically mad. Predestination came to be discussed and to form parties not only in Synods, but in municipal meetings, &c.;, in the States General. Tho question divideds ociety in' Amsterdam as well as at Leyden and tho Hague, and it was thought that nothing short of a national Synod could decide tho matter and allay the controversy. This feeling resulted in convening tho Synod of Dort, 1618, to which the great, subject was submitted in due form. Foreign theologians were invited to be present, arid several attended, including some from Eng land and one Walter Baicangual, from Scotland. The laity of Holland, and of all reformed countries, including King James of England, took much interest in tho gathering, it being Said that merchants, scholars and politicians took the Arminian side, while tho theologians and tlio great body of tho people stood stoutly for Calvinism. Five doctrines were controverted — predestination, the extent of the atonements, grace, free will and final perseverance, There were long discussions, all of which, however, ended with decisions on the Calvinistic side, and, as was too common in those days, punishment was inflicted on tho losing side. Tho Arminian ministers were deposed, and they and their fol lowers were excluded from tho communion of tho church. Their meetings were suppressed, and many of their ministers sent to banishment. The victory thus obtained by Calvinism at Dort strengthened the Calvinistic divines everywhere, but infuriated its opponents. The opposition was strongest in England, where Calvinism had to encounter tho hatred of the court and courtly divines, notwithstanding the undoubted Calvinism of the thirty-nine articles — the creed of their Church. Parliament, however, sided with the Puritans, and when Parliament and the king caino to blows, Parliament courted tho Puritans . with much success. The whole weight of popu lar religion was thrown into the Parliamentary side, and it soon became apparent that the fiery onset of the Tory gentry of England, though brigaded by Rupert, a prince of tho blood, were not a match for the stern Ironsides, who were animated by religious fervor, and who marched to battle singing the Psalms of David. The Par-' liamentary leaders in England were always anxious to have the people and tho Church of Scotland on their side, and so an agreement was come to which at length took tho form of tho Solemn League or Covenant — a most noble docu ment, however much it may suit some people to run it down, and which was agreed to not only by .he Church and nation of Scotland, but also by .tho Parliament of England and tho West minster Assembly of Divine's. All wise men in those days were anxious that the two kingdoms should be one, and the main bond of union, they thought, should be oneness in religion. Hence the Conven tion of tho Assembly of Divines at West minster, in tho great year 1643 — a year over memorable in the history of religion and of tho Presbyterian Church. The Westminster Assombly was net a church assembly. It was simply an assemblage of ministers and laymen — what we would call a parliamentary commission, named hy Parliament, and appointed to consider tlio religions state of the two kingdoms. The only church directly represented there was the Church of Scotland, which sent six members: four ministers and two elders : while the number of Englishmen who were appointed members was 151, 121 ministers with 10 Lords and 20 Commons'! of Parliament. It was not, therefore, hy any means a Scotch gathering, nor one under Scotch influence, tliuugh three at least of the Scotch deputies were masters ill Israel — Alexander Henderson, Georgo Giltcspio, and Samuel Rutherford Henderson — tako him all iu all— was probably tho greatest man of his day. Gilles pie was acknowledged by the learned Selden to he the chief debater iu the Westminster Assem bly. Tho praiso of Samuel Rutherford is yet in all tho churches. Tho assembly met 011 tho 1st Jul-, 164". 'ilic King, Charles I., tried to prevent the meeting, but the miserable man was now publicly committed to the quarrel in which he lost his Crown aud his head. The only clFectof tho royal proclamation was to prevent tbo at tendance at tho assembly of sevoral who wore his own friends, und thus it helped the moro speedily to overthrow bis church and authority. In tho assembly thero were at first three distinct parties, Episcopalians, Presbyterians and Inde pendents. The Episcopalians were greatly in the minority and soon lost heart. Tho great ma jority were Presbyterians, while a party, small in number, but resolute and united, were Independents. This is tlio first time that Independents appear as a. body in history, and it must be admitted that they gaiued rather than lost in tho Westminster As sembly. In doctrine they usually agreed with tho Presbyterians, and contended nobly for toleration. Then a new doctrine, they helped, no doubt, to temper the zeal which burned so fiercely at tbe Synod of Dort. Tho Westminster deliverances are really mild compared with the findings at Dort, and it is creditable to the British divines that within twenty-four years after meeting in Holland the great assembly at West minster should have given their judgment so calmly, without one symptom of persecution in their articles and without pronouncing a single anathema on their opponents. The Westminster divinesprepared, fromdocuments, thnDirectory for Public Worship, the Form of Prcsbytorian Church Government, the Confession of Faith, and the Catechisms, all of which were adopted as they came out by tho Church of Scotland, and arellow Standards of the Presbyterian Church of Vic toria. There is this remarkable fact to be ob served, however, that in the questions and for- muin to which office bearers in the Church of Scotland and Free Church of Scotland commit themselves, they only pledge themselves, not to the phraseology, but to tho doctrines of one of these documents, namely, tho Confession of Faith : wliilo in Victoria we commit ourselves to the whoio doctrino of the four books, and also to tho second book of discipline, which though approved by tbo General Assombly of tho church loug before the meeting of the Westminster As sembly, was nevor considered at Westminster at all. Wo thus in Victoria plcdgo ourselves to a great deal moro than is douo by tho loading churches in Scotland, as wo givo oqual promi nence to tbo doctrines of fivo separate d'ocumonts, while tbey only commit themselves to tho doc-, trineaof tbo Confession of Faitli. The question put to a prcaciieron boing settled as minister of a con- grcgation in tbe Church of Scotland is as follows: ' Do you sincerely own and believo tho wholo doctrino of tho Confession of Faith ... to l:o tho truths of God's word, contained in tho Scriptures of tho Old and New Testaments, and do you own the whole doctrine therein contained as tho confession of your faith?" The correspond., ing question put in'the Free Church is virtually tlio same, namely: "Do you siucerely own and believe the whole doctrine contained in tbo Con fession of Faith . . . to be founded on tho word of God, and do you ackuowlodgo tho saino as the. confession of your faith ?" While iu the formula of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, after declaring tho Westminster Confession of Faith, tho iarger and shorter catechisms, tho form of Presbyterian Church government, tho directory for public worship aud the second book of discipline to be the standard anil formularies of this church, the candidate for ordination is expected to declare, "I own and believe tho whole doctrine ' contained in the Standards of this church as an exhibition of the sense in which I understand the holy Scriptures, and acknow ledge it as a confession oi my faith." Hero I must stop, intending, however, _ next Sabbath evening to consider the contents of tho confession so far as they have been recently animadverted on, ami also to consider the question of a re vision. 