THE THEATRE ROYAL. HAMLET. On Saturday evening Mr. Dewhurst mado his appenranco as Hamlet before a large audi ence. The performance as a whole was tho most moritorious given during tlie present Shakspearian season. Mr. Dowhurst was soon to greater advantage than in any of tlio parts which ho had previously played. Though lack ing tho gonitis of a groat actor to move his nmlicnco out of tlio stoical demeanor charac- toristio of averago English assemblages, his reading of tlie part was scholarly, and evinced a deep, Btudy of tlio text. Soma good points wcro made not usual in tlio traditional stage Hamlet, aud his acting throughout was easy nnd natural, but especially so in tlio third and fourth acts. In tho ghost-walking scene hu was a littlo too apathetic, too studied in subduing Hamlet's fooling of mve oooasioned by the presence of liis supernatural visitant. Mr. Dowhurst'a olocutionary powers aro of no common order, but lio succeeds best in colloquial passages. These aro skilfully emphasised, and their delivery constitutes his chief strength. It is in tho speoches of "some dozen or sixteen lines" that ho loses his vantngo ground. Tlie cause is not far to seek ; it is lack of a voice of power and that sympathetic quality whicli can awaken Tho wildest, saddest tono, Yot sweet, and make tlio "moist eyes overbrim." Tho advico to tho players was speoialiy well delivered — not too much liko an noted part, but instructively and with tlie fitting economy of action. In tho closet sccno with tlio Queen Mr. Dewlmrst made his chiof hit, and his acting rose to its highest point, it was nt onco impassioned and natural, powerful and nffeoling. Ah Hamlet recalls bis mother's memory to tho " counterfeit pre sentment of two brothers," Mr. Dewhurst dis cards tho usual " business " of either pointing to two pictures on tlio wall or drawing nil imnge of liis father's likeness from his own bosom and of tho king's from his mother's. Tho tost describes the brothers in bold, un mistakable characters, aud Mr. Dowhurst gives it so that tlie pictures aro placed beforo tho mind's eye. This reading of the passage is inoro subtle nud eil'ective. Other but smaller innovations upon tho old expositions of the text are also introduced, which havo much to commend them, and indicate an inde pendent, closo and intelligent study. His Humlct is far superior to anything which Mr. Dewhurst lias hitherto attempted here, and, compared with his previous Shakspearian performances, stands out prominently. Tlie audienco was entirely with him, and applauded frequently and heartily, "s well as insisting upon a recall after each act. Mr. Brown's Horatio was unassuming, hut without any decided excellence. Sir. Appieton did nut find himself overtaxed as Laertes, and the pnrt therefore recoived ample justice at his hands. Tlie Folonius of Mr. Oily Deering was ad mirably and pointedly acted, but Mr. W. O. Holiowny's representation of tlio King showed how uneasy indeed some men are tiiat wear a crown. Mr. H. N, Douglas found a con genial pa:t in the ghost, for . which he proved himself well fitted ; and Miss Docy Stewart's Osrio was brisk and dashing. The first gravedigger, ns Mr. Bland Holt presented him, was not noar so droll a fel low as lie lias been made to appear at otlior times. Of tlio several Shakspearian parts which Miss Alice Deorwyn lins recently es sayed, iu none has sho acted more success fully tlinn as Ophelia. Tlie mad scene was given with grcator realism than was to be ex pected from so young an actress, who generally allows an acquired artificiality to mar her otherwise well directed efforts. Miss Flora Anstead's Queen left no room for faultfinding. Hamlet will be repeated this evening. 