LOVE, STRONG AS DEATH. ? 'CHAPTER X. ' : ' . ... .. ? _ LoTgJJ^gJj Needs not tho foreign aid ol ornament, Bat is, when nnadom'd, adorn'd the most/ ' *': ? ? . Thomson. 1 v®h6bt? was something very attractive -about the Due de Grandcour ; in his tall spare : s ; figure,: inliispale thin high-bred face, his ! 'clear deep-set lilue eyes, and his smile of ?( piriShlar rswe'etness ; . i his -j voice,' too,'- wai j pleasant-, and mellow, and'he cpoke'Engli&h; 'With the. slightest possible accept1.' ' sj.-JSif fear, 'he- said, 'Ithat Ihave-'oometoo ?late to secure .a idance witli you j 'Miss Ota} h ami1 ?but, if '.you can. give,meone,'ltnuat asliyou to danoe -without dancing,- as the Germans i Express it.' At my tag e; to; dance a valse -would be abBurdj' and the set 'and measured' arrangements of a quadrillebbrp me vastly. ?- ? It: is also hardly fair 'to' ask you to giveup a'danceforBoold' a- man as myi self.''' i ????'? ' ? ''G,' 'indeed, '.said Murielj' heartily,' ' ! have been 'dancing so much that I shall not be sorry to eitdown. Iwill giveyouthe next, which' will* be a 'quadrille, ''with 'the greatest pleasure.' 'In fact,' she added, ' I have no more Engagements till after sup per.'!, . ? .. J !?.; , ? J ?,] .'Which, will be after the quadrille, 'said the, duke, smiling.;: 'toot, a very long rest after-all.'- . i: ; ,? ? ,;They ;piade their-fvay ,to ithe.consjervatbiy, and as :.they seatedthemselveson a low .couch, he;asked her what :sho had thought - of the; ordeal to which1 she had beensub- . iected that day. ' I was half-frightened, half-amused, and wholly glad to get home,' was the answer. ' Everything; . is veiy new . to me; I have never :been to London before, and this is the second ball I have ever been to. I had seen portraits of the Queen and the Princess of Wales, and all the .other very great people; but somehow or other they never seemed realities till to-day. And yet now it seems like a dream.' *' I was watching you,' lie said ; . ' but I do not suppose you saw me.' -? 'Yes, I did,' she replied simply ; ' and I wondered who you were ;' and the delicate flush on her cheek deepened at the recol lection of his earnest, penetrating gaze. ' You reminded ine,' he said in a low voice, '.of ? one 'who was very, dear to me. In fact,, when 1 first -saw you, . I experienced a shock; of ' intense pain, mingled' with pleasure. It seemed as if the- dead had come back to life 1 She was as young and as fair as you. She. had your eyes and your bright hair. 'Some day I must tell you of her tragic end ; but not now ; this place is not fit for so sad a story.' ; , He passed his hand impatiently across his brow. 'You must forgive me,' he said, as he observed the: wondering look upon the sweet childish face ; ' but an irresistible something compels me to speak to you as if I had known you through all your young life; I hope to have the pleasure of making Lady Marwood's acquaintance this evening, so .that 1 may attend her receptions, aud get;tb know you better. I am.au old man, old enough to he your . father.; you must be just thfi same age that she was— my poor child!'' , -? ': ' I am eighteeni' 'said 'Muriel, -and then she' --timidly said :. '. WaB it.your daugh ter'?;' : /. '? . '.' My only one I ' was .th e reply ' but sre ..Will speak . of this ho. more. to-night ;?' such memories are painful, and why should: I sadden you this evening I ' And then the talk glided on to many another topic, and' Muriel listened with' interest to her companion's strange and' varied stories; while: to him, the. man of the world, the somewhat blas^ favourite of society, the fresh' intelligence, the: naive sensibility, ? iand the ;ntter ..simplicity of :this-. lovely child was: as refreshing as a draught, of pure .mpuntain air to i the 'weary wayworn.: traveller of the desert. Lady Marwood was immensely delighted by the general admiration bestowed upon her prot6g£e. On their return home, she' went for a few moments into Muriel's bed room, and chatted' over :the events : of ? the . day. 'The Due de Grandcour asked, per mission to call here to-morrow,' she' said. . ' He seems charming/ one of the courtly men of the old school, aristocrat from the crown of his head to the tips of his toes. The duchess was telling me that he wanders about the world in search of distraction; he has never got over the loss of his daugh ter.' . ? 'How did she die ? ' asked Muriel. '- I don't know ; I believe it ia a horrible, story, bat the duchess had no time to tell me to-night. Well, good-night, my ohild ; sleep well and pleasant dreams ! ' . : Once alone,'. Muriel sat for some time, looking out at the rapidly brightening morning. She had, been ; gay, bright, and \- happy all, that day;, happy with the happi ness of youth and health ; but - as she watched the rosy streaks , deepening in the; qkjvaome beloved memories seemed to: rise,; tj^e'-deep violet . eyes, filled, the gentle lips quivered. 'Ifhe wore only here,' she murmured, ' I should he quite, quite happy I . ,' She knelt down by her bed.to make her simple prayer, and as she buried her face in her: hands, she iwhispered gently, ' God blesBr.jny poor Basil help us both, and keep. him safe for me.' ' CHAPTER XI. Remembrance wakes with all her busy train Spells at my. breast, and tarns, thepaat to pain. ? ? ? ' GbibBraTH.''',' 1 The ; stream'1 of life settles veiy quickly into new fehannels.' ; In;'a few ' weeks Murifel : had -become; thoroughly accustomed'' to 'her lifeV. biit1 ;ionly,ra' Very younjj girl can during her irat^eswbn,' there were ipariy ' hours when : she' longed W lie back at the Abbey, with hor dear friend' and godmother. ! Muriel's 'perfect trust ? in Fairfax, and the consciousness; of her own entire devotion .to ^m, went &r; toheki her through' the almost i fiti^B^'Tbutine'-bf jlefisuM.'^ 1 j '? 'She felt rhueh easier ahd happier since; i stie had written to. him, tbo Blie ie'ttled to' her life' of gaiety with frY contented ' and ohe^rful mind. ; ; There were endless balls' and dinners, r theatres, operas, gardnn-parties, and' this v thousand-and-one distractions and1 amuse jnents iiSM to those who live in the full 'swing of the ijondon ! is'eaBpn. ; ' Never^yery : 'Strong, Muriel, began ' to look exceedingly | delicate under this constant whirl of expite- . ment. Always gentle, Bweet. and thought- 1 -ful for -others, tho ' tenderest and deareBt ' little creature in the world, she beoamb aii ; immense &vonrite;, and it was a source Of muoh wond9r and surprise to Lady Marwood ; and'1 'others, ' that', she 'in no sort of way : showed a preference -fdr any partictilar bn6 ' of her very uumterous aidmirprs. .'-ip .? j. ^yorite,Jibut then.^ejwa^an^derlyr.manj eyes, Jnjide. Jier .perhaps, more .attentive 't? him'thaii to others.'' ' :' 'r V,. r-T 'a i -' i'Jtiord ^Denzil/jvas orie.of'the habitues of L^j'MfOTood's hp^se. Jbut, he; was^ obliged to confess tliat 'thoujgh Muriel always. seemed f^ul,'.ij- .^e' gave iiim the sHghtest. opening ^any declaration oi his ''aiffectipn 'for Jlejry rtor, to tell; the t±uth, notmthsi'tmding ': hisr, , indifference, v he . was each day. becoming more . infatuated about her,' and, would lofteri'|endeptvpr to construe lier gentle and londly;mahner into some-. tHng more. ij, . ? . It was one fine dayjust at, the close of the season, that' a merry, . little party ,? consisting of Lady Marwood and, Muriel,' a pretty Miss Grantham with her £ane6, a : handsome colonel in the Guards, the Due de, Grand (:oqr, and Lord DenaO, Lord Marwood, and a . Mr. Wilberforc^ all went^do wn to; dine rat Richmond. ,. . : , : Muriel, who lately been: complaining a good deal of langour and fatigue, sat down after dinner on one of: the; garden ^eats on the terrace at ; the;Btar.and Garter, Denzil placed himself beside' her,, and the rest of the i party sauntered idly through the grounds. How lovely it all looks in the moon light 1 ' she said, as she feasted her eyes on the soft picture of dark trees and hazy river far beneath her. '.Nights like this make me homersick, andjl feel I want to be back at the Abbsy, to smell - the -sweet scent of the hay, to hear the . nightingales in' the yew-grove, and to be with Marraine.' ' The time is not far distant when you will be once more there,' said Denzil. '.And you,' she said. 'Do yometurn to Broadlands ? ' 1 ? 'It will depend jupon circumstances. Do you know, we ..begun -to think that perhaps you were going to'ftiriBwear England.' ' \Vhat do , you '''mean ? ' oried Muriel in astonishment. , ' Well, I for one thought Grandcour would persuade you. that to he a ducheBS ; and to go and live in Prance would be pleasanter than retaining to the Abbey.' 'Pray, do not talk in that way,' said Muriel. ' The Duo de . Grandcour . is old enough ' to bfe my father.' ' Bat,' said Denzil, 'that is nothing nowadays. You must be very unworldly, Miss Graham.'' ' No, only natural,' shereplied. ' Surely to marry, one ought to love.' ' One ought,' said Denzil, ' but few do.' ' More's the pity 1 I always look upon love, I mean real, true love, as the -greatest good in life,' , said Muriel,1 thoughtfully, ' and there are no people I pity so much as those who marry wittioiit it.' : ? Denzil looked at -'tjie fair fresh face,, the. sensitive .-mouth, and, the clear steadfast, eyes, and :a lightning glimpse of what his life would be with: such a possible heaven' as her love shivered through him. To think of. her at Broadlands,' his helpmeet, his l6ve, 'his wife I ' With such a woman, into what.might henot develop I her gentle companionship, her sweet presence, would make- life: entirely different to him.: He was silent for a few moments, and, then coming nearer to. her; he said veiy gravely : ' Miss.Graham,:! have something to say to . you — you must know what it isi' . She. looked up. surprised and somewhat startled ; 'her thoughts at: that moment had been far ,away, . and she replied honestly enough — ? v /. : ' ? .' No indeed ?; what is it 1 ' 'I fear,' he said very quietly, 'that! am very presumptuous, but I: love you. My whole future, mj^ife, is in your hands. Can you, will you i give me one word of hope?'; , Muriel turned veiy pale; she played nervously with her bracelets. She felt that she must speak. She was more touched and ; embarrassed than she could have believed possible. - , ' The only way,' she said gently, ' in ; which I could bid you hope would be if it were in my power to give you my whole heart, and indeed my life itself ; but ' — and a bright 'burning blush overspread her cheeks I — ' both, 'dear Lord Denzil, passed out of my own keeping some time ago. There is | my secret. But you must forgive me. I never suspected this. I never thought of such a thing. I didnot meah,' she faltered, ' to give you any encouragement.' '' You never have, you never did,' said Denzil, as he took her cold little hatid in his, ' and I was a vain fool to think you ' would ever have anything to Bay to me ; but'-' j 0, Muriel— dear, sweet Muriel1! should you ; ever Want a, friend, should you 'ever be in ? atiy difficulty or Borrow, you kaow that I would die to serve you.' . HiB lionest young face gleamed white in the moonlight, and Muriel ^ could' not but . notice how bis lips were trembling. 'I believe you would,' she said simply. I am so sonry— so -very sorry for you.' : He wbuld not trust himself to speak'; he : looked intently at her,' then' raised her hand : to - his lips,' :: kissed it passionately, aud ' hurriedly left ? her. ? ' v ; She felt all bewildered, but was presently ; aibused by the retnrn of the rest of the' ; party. y' ';.; , ;. ' ' I ' ''Did'yott -see Lord Denzil, Muriel?'' i a6ked Lady . Miu:Wpod.: .' He came to bid ; us good-night— ^said'hehad to hurry back to. j town about Boiiie important business which 1 i lie lmd forgbttenl .Veiy 'bdd ; but 'see,'' she j went on; 'without ; waiting for pi i answer.; ; ' se6;wlio we have found. : . . Muriel looked tip^id felt'feudclenly feiht; ; ; ' ^VharaefiBiSes the' sight of him'evoieS 1 f : : They aU At' ; old ' Mends wid : iiew,' ' when' Si* ' James ; : presently ^aid^ f You . Jwill' .iiW^r ' guess , where I was staying^ Ifist inonth.' ' '* ?'?' ' , ' ' ' One 6aid one place, another suggested somewhere else, and so oq. / ^ Muriel, not partictQarly iuterested, ' was. gradually falling into a reverie, when her1 attention 'was ' suddenly ' ' arrasfect ',by a name. ? '? Sir. James was speaking, v : : ? .' You are all wrongs Don't youremember the handsome and mysterious Fairfax, Lady .Marwood ,? Well, I was jliisi {guest in i his ., old.. chfi,teau:;of Bellevue ^or about' a. fortnight'.1': ? .. ' - ? \ , - Muriel leant forward, 'hpf^hpltT.Botfl'ui j hereyes,. . L-i-.v ..c.'i .j, 'j Indeedl.''said La3y; Marwooditl 'And | whp.tjis.he doing -i with - liimBelf^M'A .very i faspinatihg aum.i Why has lip'bunedMmseif J pliyei?;': -.r.ij uiis 'k'iVj'! ! i, y' He;w^:^ary ne&rly; beiagl.tlniried:ih'tiie : ordinary. manner Jj ust before I«rrived there,' : said.rSir James.,: ;'-,The poor fellow had been: at death's door Jfroin some low fever or other. You never saw euish a wreok; It is the most loyely place, his ch&teau;, left to Mm -by: some eccentrioi and. mysterious worthy,; There are hanging woods, - ocean views, . and a ghost, I believe, into the bargain,; :-for there are some rppms into -rhich . nobody ever goes, but occasionally purious and startling noises are. heard, and the villagers] all deolare that the . place is haunted.' . t : ' ? ?- : 'Delightfully romantiCil'. cried Lady Marwood; ' But why didyou not .persuade Mr. Fairfax to come to England with you?' _ ?: I'M. tried, but with.no succega» I fanoy the, poor' fellow is dying, and waiifi^tos die ; quietly at home. You never . saw' such a change. : Like Hamlet, he does nbt set' his life at a' pin'e fee. He seems quite indifferent to everything.' . ; Muriel had Sunk backjon her seat. :. The talk glided . on to other topics, when presently Lord Marwood attracted attention to the lateness of the hour, and there was a general , movement. ' Muriel,' said Lady Marwood, :' come, dear. Why, ? how quiet the child is ! She was TCiy tired when we started. She must be asleep.' The Duke, went to her and took: her hand. . 'Miss Graham,' he said, 'it iB time to go home. ..Allow me to take you to the carriage. ' The dear : . ohild 1 ; how she sleeps I ' v.' But Muriel had fainted. . . .. CHAPTER XH.' . Octavia. —0 my good lordl . . Beliere not all, or if you must believe, Stomaoli not all. , , j-. .' . . . .. Antoni and CJledpatbi. The succeeding day was one of the most painful that Muriel had ever passed. Do what she would, occupy herself how she might, and she strove very hard- .notwith- . standing a feeling of alarming weakness, to exert herself, she could hot forget Sir James Forsyth's words, nor the haunting fear that Basil Fairfax might even now be lying dead without a Mend near him to have, soothed his last agonies at Bellevue. Lady Marwood had no suspicion as to the cause of her sudden indisposition. . .','She put it . down to the heat of the weather, the fatigue consequent upon the perpetukl round of gaiety — in short to every cauBe.but the right one. , . Imprinting a kiss upon her prot^e'a . pale cheek, Lady Marwood left her to rest in the cool shaded drawing - rpbin., the : afternoon after her dinner, at EichmoncL, and proceeded on her usual round of . shopping And visiting. Muriel had not long been alone when tbe Due de Grandcour was announced. In his hand he carried a large bunch of Gloire de.Dijon roses, dewy and fragrant. 'Do .not,' he, said, as Muriel was about to rise from her chaise tongue, ' do not move. You are looking sadly pale; I was very anxious; to learfl- hbw you were after yesterday's misadventure, and thought perhaps you would enjoy these roses.' And ho laid them on her lap. , ' How kind, how -very kind of you I ' she murmured. ' You .are ..always thinking of things that give me pleasure.' . ! 'I fear,'; 'lie., said seriously,, 'that it will, he, my last . opportunity fpr some time. I received, a , communication this morning from Franco which will necessitate my immediate return.'; ; 'Indeeil.weflhaJl.ljp parry to lose yoiii!,', ' Do. you remember,' lie said, ' my telling you when we; first met hbw .much you, reminded me of one who is dead ? That one was my daughter— my only, child. ,? I may have been a careless father, but . I loved her dearly. Perhaps though this does not interest you 1 ' 'On the contrary,' said Muriel, 'I should like to hear anything you may have to tell.' ' She was very young,' continued the; Duke, 'when... at Vienna we made the acquaintance of .one, of the. handsomest vagabonds you ever saw; an adyenturer, a mwrien— in short a brigand I ' . Muriel started. . ... . . ' The influence . he obtained over my daughter, was. enormous. Eventually, he asked my consent to. make her his wife, : which of course I refused., ,'Sh^;fh'pWBver lovpd hifn better ,tjian. slie dittinie, flhe.^e^ ,with; 'him, .and, though .A-flou^hit. for: herj far and near, ihpy cunningly that I could get no tracs of. them. : Two years .ago in a fit of jealous , rage he murdered my poor Lucille ! ' 'O!' cried Muriel,, as she suddently remembered the terrible story. ' It was too dreadful. But I thought that she had been a Ijtademoiselle de Yillefort ? ' . 'That washer name,' said the Duke gravely. ' I had not at that time -succeeded to the title I . now hold. Ever since! her terrible death I have been endeavouiing to find her murderer. As yet he has eluded my .vigilance, but I;will .never give up the pursuit j ray one. aim,' iny^pe objept in life is^r-revpnge I ' . ' And have you. heard anything new ? asked Muriel timiidly;. /;? , ; ! ' Yes, only this morning. He is ^ person | not easily forgotten— Monsieur Pa,ul Sans; .Peur.; very tall, with.a.pale, Btrikipg face, . Idark. dpep-Bet;eyep, -a^d l|«ursb}a^3f i-s'| tl®e» ravenlp ; Hp : w.aS.'-l ' .tmnk i tpid jpift ' ! tlje ^efj^i^and,^'t1-ng«ids;' a at 'I ^ayft \ this, morning . received : eome information , about liim of a very curious nature, ' Tpll ; ' me,' he feaid after a. pause, as he b,ent'upon ; her Ins searching and piercing gaze. You ' know a man named Fairfax. Who and what is he ? ' : ' 'I cannot teU you,' she replied with some, embarrassment,,.. .'.There is some . secret, I know, oonnected with his life, which we may not now know, but whioh will be all explained some day. , But -why do you ask ?' ' Why do I ask ?' he replied in a strange, voice 'because I believe him to be an 'accomplice of Paul Sans Peur, an aider and abetter in ? his Shameful 'and nefarious practices, ' perhaps even an alssassin him ?selfl' ' ^'Impossible 1 ^ broke from .Muriel's white lips. ..j' '; ' ' ; ; i'- '?Sardlysoj'' replied the Duke in slow, and measured accents ; ' else why does he ; make his oh'&teau; airefuge for a murderer ? I Pa\il, the brigand, the destroyer of my ? 'Luciile. haB been 'tracked to Bellevue, the '? owner of whioh is your 'Meiid Fairfax'l'. Muriel leant forward, her clieekg and lips . ashy 'white.. !''' ' At Bellevue 1 ' she Btammered. and her trembling lips could hardly frame the words. ' 0, it is impossible t ' ' He has been seen there,' said the Duke, ' and I am starting by to-night's mail. Please God, ' I shall bring tho murderer to juBtioe'i '? ' ? -Muriel claBped her hands in silent agony, but her brave heart never once faltered. : ' 1 ; ' Whoever the' murderer may be,' she said firmly, ' i would stake my life that Mr. Fairfax has never done anything unworthy of a gentleman.' : ' He is fortunate,' said the Duke quietly,. '' in having eo warm1 an advocate. When I meet him I shall look at' him with some -curiosity'! ' And now I must bid. you fair well ; I have muoh to do before I start this evening. I hope it will not be long before we shall, meet again, and 1 remember you have no more devoted-friend than myself.' *' One thing,' said Muriel hesitatingly — ' may I ask you to do one thing for me ? ' ' Anything,' was the reply. ' Will you, then, send one line to me after you have been to Bellevue, telling me if you have been successfiil in your search ? ' ' I will,' he answered, and then he bent over h6r hand, which ho raised to his lips, and in another nioment he had left the room. How little did Muriel guesB how much she would have to bear before they met again. For some time, after the Duke had left her she Bat. with her face covered with her hands : an unaccountable depression possessed her, and bitter tears ' forced their way through'her slender fingers. She never for a moment believed that there was anything against Fairfax; she could only suppose that through some quixotic sense of generosity he had been induced to give refuge to a hunted man. And yet there kept recurring to her mind the fact that there was some strange mystery in the life pf Fairfax, a mystery which he' himself acknowledged, and in which, dearly as he loved her, she was not allowed to participate. Would the time ever come when there would be no more secrecy, when, in fact, all doubts, uncertainties, and anxieties would be at an end? and. would she ever attain the tranquillising certainty that, happen what would, she and Fairfax were bound to each other for life ? For she knew well enough that her affection would be unde viatihg, and 'that 'there was no trial she would not undergo so that she gained peace at the last in the possession of the man she so devotedly, loved. But now her thoughts were full of his possible,- and very probable danger. What could she do to help him ; how warn him ; to whom could she turn for assistance 1 The door was .at that moment thrown open, and Lord Denzil was announced. ' I met Grandcour in the street just now,' . he said, his handsome young face all flushed and eager; ' he told me you were not well. I felt I muBt come and see you. Dear Miss Graham, pray tell me if there is anything I can do for you.' Muriel, who, pale as death, was standing by the sofa, with her eyes' fixed on the ground, now. looked up suddenly; a deep flush overspread her cheeks, and stretching out her hands with an imploring gesture, she said earnestly ' ' There is something you can do.' ' Anything 1 ' he exclaimed passionately ; ' only tell me what it is.' ' You remember,' she said slowly, ' that gentleman who was staying at the Chase last autumn — Mr. — Mr. Fairfax? I want to warn him of a trouble which I fear is , likely to fall upon him. But no one must know about it. Can you — will you — send a telegram for me ?' ' Certainly ; but one word, and yet it is hardly fair that I should ask. You told me last night that your heart was not in your own keeping. Is it ? ?' ' You have every right now to ask,' she said ; and the. tears were trembling in her l^rge blue eyes. 'Mr. — he — is very dear to me. I believe I am the only person who in this matter can put him on his :guard^''' 1 She hurried to the. writing-table and quickly wrote the telegram, which merely codneisted.pf,th.esB; words : Leave BaUevpe at onoe. There is danger. ' Go now,'' she cried as she pressed the paper into Denzil's hands;, 'pray go at ;once ; I feel thpre is not a moment to be lost. Some day' I :will explain, but all his peace and happiness may depend on his receiving this in tijne.' As he strode quickly through the doorway, Muriel pressed her hands tightly together; and with one cry,.of 'Saved — saved, my ' own !' she buried her face in the cushions of the sofa, and wept as she had never done before in her life. , ! Up .'and down the long grass-grown terrace- walk in front pf an old ch&teau;, fax, ' away in France, a . man was pacing back wards and forwards. It was Basil Fair&x;, looking but . the wreck of his former self. Moodily he walked to' and. fro, his eyes bent on the' ground, i the - whole.. expression of hiB face sad and leerious. ?' ' ' ' Silently he stood and watched the sun, as Jie spj; in red glory behind the_dark pine. ' woods; and then once again he resumed his weary walk. . With a sigh, he was about to enter the. house, when his attention was attracted by a boy who was running at full speed up the ' long chestnut avenue. \- In. another moment a telegram was put into his hand. With a vague feeling of wonder he opened it, and as he read his faoe grew white to the very ^ipa. With a smothered oath he orumpled the paper in his hands, then with au effort at. self-oontrol ho placed some money in the boy's handB, and bade him rotur4uto tbo village. He was no sooner out of sight, than Fairfax, striking his forehead with his hands in a passion of excitement, cried in broken-hearted aoceute : ' Tracked 4 — tracked I 0, . just Heaven ! .when, when will this be over.? It is almoBt ' more wan I can bear I But who oan have warned tbe ?' ,' He again opened the paper to look for tho .name, of the sender of the telegram ; which lie, .had omitted doing in his first hasty glance. He started baok as if - he had be, on Bhot. ' Muriel I' . he cried, and what agony there was in his voice. ' My Muriel ' But how came she to know anything I 0, good Heaven 1 What does she know ? My darling 1— my saving angel 1 God bless her !'- He pressed the paper to his lipB, then he dashed away a tear that glittered in ,thp dark deptliB of his eyoB, tore the telegram into minute fragments, and called aloud : ' Jean I' ' M'sieu ?' , A tall gaunt man, of middle age, but with au immensely-powerful frame, came out of the poroh'.' ' To him Fairfax spoke a few haBty words ; the man seemed troubled and anxious. Ho looked'learfully around once or twice, and then hurried into the house. Some hours later the moon ros9 in silont majeBty ovortho gaunt grey tower of the ChAtea.0 of Bbllovue, which threw quaint shadows from its mullioned gables and its deep ports coclihrc. But all was still, no sound save the sigh ing of the wind as it rustled through tho pine-trees, now silvered in tho bright moon light. No living thing Bave tbe insects whioh chirped amongst the leaves and grasses, or the night owls, which every now and then gave out their melancholy cry. Bellevue was deserted — was silent as tho tomb. (To be continued.) 