A RIVAL'S REVENGE. Yes, she was the prettiest woman in the world, and the sweetest ; but that's not her hus- band's pravo, and she's not a widow. Sho goos to tend the flowers on that mound because the man that lies underneath loved her, and lost his lifo on her account I'll tell you all about it if you liko ; 1 knew them both all through. Her name was Janet Garston, and she was the curato's daughter clown in Combe- Beryl, a little village in Devonshire. Thoy didn't have a vicar there-tho place was too insignificant-and tho curate used to ride over to Ditchley, fivo miles, after tho morning service on Sundays, to take the afternoon duty thoro. But they had a trout stream-one of tho boat in the country-and mon used to find their way thero for tho fishing now and then. That was how Hugh Latimor and his friend carno to Combo-Beryl one summer, and made acquaintance with Mr. Garston ond his daughter, as was only natural they ehould do bo, seeing that thero wasn't anothor creaturo abovo the level of a fisherman or a small larmer in the neighbourhood. Hugh wa9 at his grandest then, five-and twonty, tbo most popular man in his college, a first roto oar and good cricketer, six foot two in h¡B stockings, with au arm liko asledgo-hammor, a face handsome enough to turn any woman's hoad, and such a frank, winning way with him, that I'd have defied you not to liko him if you tried. You should havo heard him sing, too. There wore a dozen of ua at John's who would havo backed Hugh's tenor against Sims Reeves' any day. ï supposo I must add that thero were two things against him, ono of which was tho occasion of his being clown at Combo-Beryl. He wasn't over-prudent : used to play, you know, for rather high stakes, and-loso ; and when ho took a glass too much-as most mon will at timcB-it got into His hoad. Ho had two or three glasses too much one night at collego, and thero was a row afterwards, windows wero smashed, and Hugh got a year's rustication just as he ought to have been going up for his degree It was a great pity, for ho waa a brilliant fellow and sure to have passed high ; besides, it mado his undo, on whom he was moro or less dependent, in no oud of a rago ; but I don't think Hugh minded much oven at the beginning, and still leas after ho had onco mot Jeanie Garston. You call hor pretty now ; but, then, ton years ago, she was moro liko a daisy flower than a flesh-and-blood woman-a wee fair-haired creature, with a blossom of a face set in wavy curls, and hands and feet as small and dolicate as a nine years' child-tho only one lier father had over had, and motherless since sho was a babe. Ho just doted on her, as waa natural, and wouldn't have thought tho Princo of Wales too good to como suing for her hand ; but then Hugh Latimer was bettor than a good many princes, both to look at and tnlk to, pool fellow I Anyhow, tho two young mon, ho and his friend, Ralph Burton, wero constantly at tho curate's cottngo ; and as Ralph, who was a dull, heavy sort of follow, used generally to havo to tolk to tho-host, tho other two got each other's eocicty pretty well to tliomaolvcs, mid wero wont to laugh and sing and chatter to- gether liko a couplo of birds, excopt whon Hugh was out in the covo ! The man w.ts a born sailor, and delighted in nothing so much as tho sea at its roughest and wildest ; whilo poor Jeanie had a perfect horror of tho treacherous ocean, and wouldn't havo gono for a plonsuro trip on it with tho gallantest companion in tho world,. _ Hugh used sometimes to go out with tho fishing-boats of an ovoning, and thon Joanio ' would sit in her little garden overlooking tho covo, pretonding to darn the curate's socks, but watching tho lessoning craft with palo cheeks and anxious eyes, which not all Ralph Burtoii's_,efforls nt choering could bring back to their nornial brightness. Ho was not fond of tho sea 'cither, except whon it* was fairly umootli and the sun shining oil it ; so, though sticking like a lcoch to his friend at other times, hojäoldom accompanied him on these fishing trips. Somo peoplo said afterwards that ho stayed on shore on purposo to undermine Hugh by making love to Joanio in his place ; but at tho time his friend never suspected such a thing for a moment, and it wouldn't havo beon much ubo anyhow. Joanio's heart wont with tho ono aboard tho boat, and, if sho liad any liking for tho other, it was because ho admired Latimer as much as sho did. Ralph saw that protty cloarly for himsolf. There was ono drawback to those marítimo excursions. Latimor was a great favourito with the fishormon. Ho used to givo thom money to drink, and thoy mado him drink with thom. Perhaps thoir coarso, fiory brandy hail moro effect on his hoad than on theirs ; but anyway, it was tho old story. Moro than onco Hugh waa brought homo too drunk to walk, and hold on his logs by a couple of sturdy fisher-lads. Onco or twice ho novcr carno homo at all ; mid Ralph, going to loqk for him in tho morning, found him sleeping off the effects of a night of rough festivity in one of tho squalid cabins by tho boach. It carno out later that Mr. Garston saw him in that condition onco ; and though he mado no mention of it then, his manner towards the young man altered from that day, and Hugh found it no longer easy to get Jeaaio to himself. There wns always somo obstacle in tho way ; cither the curate Bat down by thom, and made a third, or ho tent his daughter off on somo protest, and entertained her lover hitnsolf. Jeanio didn't liko it at all, and Hugh was furious. He evon sworo at Ralph ono ovoning, because, in coiiaoquenco of thoao inanoauvroa, tho lotter had enjoyed quite a long lctc-a-tctc with their bewitching little hostess, and was, in his sluggish way-the dull fool didn't seo how ho bored tho poor girl- somewhat olatod in conse- quence Difficulties which chill somo peoplo only braco others. Hugh, who might havo contontod him- self by a mero flirtation with pretty Joanio, fell desperately in love with hor directly ho found that difficulties wore being put in his path, hauutod hor stops, sought overy opportunity of mooting her, and finally got hor alono and asked hor to marry him. And Joanio 1 Well, Jeanio blushed, trembled, and owned that abo did liko him very much, vory much indood ; but papa-and thon Bomoonowna hoard coming, and bIio broko from bim and Hod away liko a frightened bird. Hugh had loarnt what ho wanted to know, howovor : she loved him. And noxt day ho went to tho curato and formally proposed to him for his daughter's hand. And Mr. Garston as formally rofiiBod him. Nay, moro, he was not ovon civil, but spoko out in strong languago to tho young follow, accusing j him of low dissipated habits, and vowing that ho would rath or Bee his child dead at his Bide than married to a drunkard. It w.ib all in vain that poor Hugh pleaded that ho waa no drunkard or debaucheo either ; that a little liquor had moro effect on his head than on most people's ; and that, onco married to Jeanio, ho would refrain oven from that. Tho curato was as hard as adamant, and would have nono of him. Tho old story of thoso gambling dobta was brought up ; and finally it appeared that Mr. Garston had already been in communi- cation with old Latimer, tho uncle, who had written him such a lottor rospooting his nephew's character as would havo justified any father in shutting his doors on him. Hugh turned wellnigh black ivilh fury when ho hoard it ; but getting into a rago did him no good. Mr. Garston simply bade him good-day at tho first violent word, refused to lot hi.n seo Jeanio again, and bowed him lo the door. Tho young fellow went home protty well raving. Ho made ono moro effort, howover. Ho s»nt Ralph to plead for him. Ralph, who waa na slow and Bloody ns old Time, waa a favourito with tho curate, and could tell him tho truth about that exaggerated shindy at John's, and show him that old Latimor's account of his nephew was Bimply founded on spite and prejudice. Ralph should seo Jeanie, too, and mako her promiso to bo faithful to hor banished lover ; and after somo persuasion (for Ralph soemod strangely inert and disobliging in tho matter) he went. It waa no uso. Tho young man saw Jeanio, saw her by horsolf ; but though tho protty child looked palo and wialched, and had evidently boen crying hor eyes out, she was too fond of hor father and too afraid of him to givo any hopo to hor lover against his will. Bosidos, the revelation of Hugh's bnd habits, and of his having boen found dead drunk iii a common fisherman's hut, ' had evidently shocked and frightoned her, and she would only Bhed taara and beg Ralph to ask him to forget hor. ' ''' Hu had boen very good to caro for her, but it could never bo-never !" And Mr. Garston repeated the last assurance more emphatically still, cutting short young Burton's pleadings by a peremptory declaration that under no circumstances should his child over marry a man of- Hugh Latimer's stamp. " If he had been like you," said the curate, kiudly, " it would havo beon quite différant. It isn't his want of means, but his general oharacter. Ro might have beon worse off than ho is, but if he had had your-why, what's tho matter ?" i He might well ask, for Ralph Burton's faco had gone white, au c1 his big, squaro j.iw was shaking like a nervous girl. "Don't say that," ho stammered, hoarsoly. "Don't jest with mo, sir. I'm not made of stone, and I-didn't oven you seo it 1 I've loved her, too, from the first day I saw her. I would lay down my life to get one smilo from hor, and I novcr should. I've nover had a ghost of a chanco. It's Hugh she caros for." After that ho bolted, and as soon as Hugh heard of his ill success, I promise you he slanged him well. Later, when ho knew the truth, he cursed his own folly for trusting a traitor to plead li is cause for him. But I don't think Ralph meant to bo troachorous j ho was only stupid and blundering. Anyway, he didn't stay to profit by his treachory. Perhaps ho knew it would bo f utilo so far as Jeanie was concerned, for next day ho and Latimor left Combe-Beryl togothor, and travollod to London. They so para tod there, for Ralph had his work to attend to^ Ho had left collogo and was reading for tho liar, and Hugh wont down to Brighton to havo it out with his uncle. They did not moot again. Ralph heard vaguely that the two Latimers had quarrollod outright, and that Hugh was in Paris, living on his small capital, and going to tho dogs as fast as ho could. His friend tried to communicate with him ; but Latimor had no sottlod address, and Burton had his own affairs to attend to. Ho entered at the Bar next year ; and poor Hugh gradually dropped out of ken altogether. Ho seemed forgotten by overybody, Evon by Jeanie 1 For after all, Ralph Button married her. They mot hy accident about n yoar later, when sho was staying with an aunt in town ; and bIio scorned so glad to soe Ralph, and was gentío and ploassnt to him (porhaps sho rememberod how fond ho had been of hor lost lovo, and liked him for it), that ho took heart of grace, and after a good while managed to lot her seo what she was to him. Ho did lovo her vory dearly, I'll say that for him ; and Jeanie- was ono of thoso gentío, yielding little creatures, loving easily, and clinging instinctivoly ti anything that was strong and kind. It carno out in timo that sho got to love tho man who had told her father that lie would loy down his Hfo to win a smile from hor ; and sho marriod him Well, I don't think oithor of thom regretted it ; and Ralph, at any-rato, was as happy as a king. They had a pretty little hooso, lived in a cosy, comfortable way ; and whon tho baby carno, tho way in which Jeanie worshipped it, and Ralph worshipped her for being its mother, and it for being hor child, was-Bah, ronieinbor ing what carno afterwards, I'd rather not think of that part of tho story just now. Tho young man had ono drawback to his happinoss. Shortly after his marriage, ho met, quito by chnnco, tho man of whom perhaps he though moro than of any one in the world, savo Jeanio-Hugh Latimor ; and Hugh-looked him in the oyes, mid cut him dead ! Also nt tho dub some of thoir mutual frionds, old collogo chums, mot him rutlior coldly, and ho got to know that it was gonorally believed that ho had played .a dirty gamo, at Combo-Beryl, and cheated his friend out of his sweetheart in a somewhat scurvy fashion. Ralph wroto to Hugh, on this, a long letter, vory-badly wordod, but trying to make out a câso for himsolf as best ho could, and to get-the other-to eeo-it in tho samo light ; and Hugh 'soitt ltrback-to him-torn in half, and willi this written on a slip of paper : " I u ill hold no communication with a man who, calling himself my friond, first docoivod and then'robbed mo, and with whom-I swear it-I moan to bo ovon ono day yet.-Huon Latijiek." A bitter mossago for Master Ralph ; and it stayed in his mind and rankled there, though ho kept his own counsol, and never told Jeanio a word about it. They wero coming bark in tho steamer from Jersey one day-Ralph hod a sister living there, and thoy had boon spending tho summer holi- days with her. Jeanio was as frightened of the sea as over; but fortunately it was an exceptional passage, with a gontlo broezo aud a bright sun, when tho veriest hypochondriac could hardly have felt it, so that thoy woro all on deck, Ralph and Jeanio and the baby, Ralph protending to bite tho latter's dimpled hands, wliilo tho littlo maid crowed and laughod and mado clutches at his whiskers- you mayn't boliovo it, but that child waa fondor of her fathor than of any othor living creature-whon Jeanie started suddenly, and uttorod a low cry. * "Oh, Ralph ! look-Hugh ! " Ho was standing only a littlo way off, loaning against tho bulwarks and looking at them, rather-only that ho waa bo handsome and had boon so hardly used-as Cain might havo looked ; but Jeanio didn't see that. Tho poor little thing was quito palo and flutterod. " Oh, Ralph ! " sho said again, " is it ho ? How ill ho looks, and how-changed ! Dear, why don't you speak to him ? " And thon Ralph had to toll her. "Swoethoart, Hugh has cut mo. He can't forgive mo for winning what ho lost. We aro not frionds now." The stupid follow had a choko in'his voico ovoii nu ho said it, and Jennie's toudor littlo honrt overflowed. "Not frionds!" sho repeated sorrowfully; " and through mo ! Ralph ! don't lot that bo. Lot mo talk to him. Ho looks so unhappy. Do lot mo." And of courso Ralph did. It may havo boon foolish ; but any man would havo dono tho samo that waa a man and not a cur. Sho wont right up to Hii«h at onco, carrying hor baby, mid put out her littlo soft hand to him, saying, " Hugh, won't you speak lo mo ? You'vo not forgotton mo-Jeanie? And Hugh foldod his hands tight, and said, "No, I'vo not forgotton you. You aro the only girl I evor lovod, tho girl who, lost time I saw hor, told mo she loved mo, and who comes to mo now, not two years lator, with anothor man's child in her arms. Curso him and it !" His face was whito with passion, and as ho spnko he swung round on his hool to loavo her. Thoy woro at tho sido of the vessol, aud Blie was quito closo to him. I boliovo, on my soul, it was an accident, but his olbow struck hers and jarred her ; she wnBii't vory Bteady on her feot, and sho stumbled back. There waa a sharp cry, " litigh ! Oh, my baby !" a splash ! and thon wo all know what had happened. The child was ovorboard ! Woll, it lakes many wordB in telling, but it wasn't amimito's work altogether. Ralph mado a blind ruah forward, but his friond was too quick for him,, and caught him almost by tho throat. "Keep back, mau!" Hugh oriod. "You can't swim, and I-don't bo afraid-I'll savo it. I will, by G-d !" Hu was overboard ovon as ho spoke Tho steamor was just coming to an anchor, the water ns smooth as milk, and lots of holp all round. Thoy woro both lifted on dock in a minuto or two" later, tho man with tho infant pressed tightly in arms. Saved ? Well, yes, as to the body, but tho last rovolving turn of the hugo paddlo-whcol had caught Hugh's head, and killed him. Not his own mother could havo known handsome Latimor ns ho lay there that day, dead, with the sim shining on him. And tho child ? No noed to talk of it ! Thank God, at loaät, thoro wasn't a mark on tho littlo whito body, or tho faco that was dimpled with laughter a fow mimi tea back ; only-the eoul was fled all tho samo. It was very young, you seo, and such a fall alone-. I don't want to talk any moro about that. I took my wife homo next day. It's a happy home still, but thero has been no child in it ever siuco ; and Jeanio kcops tho two gravos very groou. What havo I to do with it ? Oh I I forgot you didn't know ; but tho story was about Hugh, not mo-I'm Ralph,-Theo. Gun, in Ji#¡/'« Annual ? . f BRITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS. Alec Keene, the pugilist, is dead. Ho is tho only member of the bruising fraternity who has over died worth much. He is reported to havo amassed £10,000, not by prize-fighting entirely, but by supplying hot meals to tho public at race meetings, a rôle, ho assumed after rotiring from tho fistic arena, His real name was not Keene, but Findlay, by which it seems ho was ashamed of his calling oven in his fighting days. A novel piece of jewellery is now being ex- hibited in Paria. It ia no other than a huge spider in diamonds, the abdomen of tho insect being formed of ono large yellow diamond of an oval form, whilo tho legs and fangs are com- posed of small diamonds. It is indeed said that spiders in gold, silver, and precious stones are to take the place of the jewelled pigs for which there has boon such a passion of lato, tho spider b'oing equally emblematic of good luck as well as being moro uncommon. Two years ago Sir Henry Havolock was left a valuable estate, now yielding ton thousand pounds a year, on condition that ho assumed tho testator's name of Allan ; but he was not to onjoy the estate until his children had attained thoir majority, the incomo in the monn timo to accumulate. Sir Henry appealed to the Chancery Division for an nllowanco from the ostate, to enablo him to educate hia sona in a manner to qualify them for their future position. Vico- Chancollor Malins has granted him two thousands sovon hundred pounds a year. " Dagonot," in the Referee, hears that thoro aro groat complaints about Lord Mayor MoArthur's childron'a party givon at the Mati sion Houao tho other evening. Dancing was strictly prohibited ; and tho poor children, who had looked forward eagerly to an evening's light fantastic, woro compelled to sit and loungo about and amuse thonisolvos as best they could with microscopes, living statuary, and magic lantern representations of tho Holy Land. A Isrge portion of tho guests were Nonconformist ministers, and it is understood that- prayer meetings woro hold at intervals during lho evening. Tho faco of one of tho Lord Mayor's footmen, when ho helped- a clerical guest on with his overcoat, and rocoivod a tract ai a gratuity, can bo easier imagined than describod. Two aristocratic beauties of the Spanish colony in Paris, the Countess Multodo and Sonorita Ponedo, had a narrow escape tho other day of being suffocated by natural flowers in their hair and the trimming of their ball dresses as they were returning homo from Queen Isabella's last soirée in a cloaoly shut-up carriage. Tho flowers woro profusoly employed in garlands. Tho ladioa for somo timo chatted gaily. One of them became silent, and thon' tho other. Count Multedo, who was with them, grow alarmed whon noithor of thom replied to observations ho mado and questions ho put, and all tho moro so as ho felt oppressed by tho porfunio of flowers. When he caused tho carriage to stop and oponed tho window ho found thom insensible, but thoy soon recovored when taken into tho air, Thoy, however, caught a severe cold from the sudden exposuro. Monte Carlo, like Madoira, has boon very popular with tho Engliah nriatocracy this wintor, and a good doal of monoy has beon lost and won at tho famous gambling house of M. Blanc. Tho weather is doscribed by ono correspondent as simply "heavenly," tho days being bright and warm, and tho evenings deliriously cool. Patti lins boon making a heap of monoy by her singing, and tho tradespeople aro reaping a rich harvest out of tho visitors. Two young Parisians, who woro tompted to stako all thoy possessed at M. Blanc's ostablishinent, havo just committed Buioido. This fact has boon mado tho most of by thoso who aro advocating tho abolition of tho gaming-tables, and who havo succoedod in form- ing committees at Caímos, Mentone, and San Homo, to protest against the concession to Madame Blanc. The political difficulties of in- terfering with tho Prince of Monaco and his vassal, however, aro so_ great that the immediate fall_pf tho dynasty, which bo lately and so appro- priately allied itself with-the honso of.Bonaparte, [ is at any rato considered to bo out of tho ques- tion. How long does Lord Beaconsfield calculate upon living I Ho_ ia sevonty-aix thia year; but ho is furnishing his now houae in Curzon-streot in a woy which seems to imply that ho intonda to rival all tho public men of our timo in what Brougham called tho tricks of longevity. The furniture ia nil artistic, much of it marvellously artistic ; it is all costly, and it is intended to bo ao complote and gorgeous that it will rival the dreams-tho Oriontal dreams-of Lord Beacons field's youth as a novelist. Recoptiona - ban- quets- ontortainmonts of all kinds aro to mako tho house historical. Thero ia great rejoicing among tho Ritualists over tho reversal by tho Lords Justicos of tho judgmont of tho Queen's Bondi in tho cases of tho lately imprisoned clorgymon. Mosars. Dalo and Enraght got off on a technicality in the issno of tho writ ; but on tho main point of tho powor of Lord Penzanco to aond thom to prison for disobodionco, tho judgmont of their Lord- ships was against the Ritualists. The Church Association will not allow tho matter to rest whore it is, but will appeal to tho Houso of Lords. Lord Mayor McArthur may bogin to to feel uncomfortable or proud, according to his viows. Tho fiat haa gono forth which probably makes him tho penultimate Lord Mayor of tho city. His successor's auccessor will bo Lord Mayor not of tho city only, but of all London. Among the measures which Ministera havo in hand excluded thia session becauso of the pressure of Irish legislation-is one for creating out of Lon- don a great corporation, and making its miora into a great Parliament, with the Lord Mayor for chief. A correspondent of ono of tho French papors suggests that tho Irish difficulty might bo met without inconvenience by tho siinplo method of transferring the seat of govornineiit from London to Dublin. This would satisfy Ireland, and as tho wholo time of the Houso ia taken up in dis- cussing Irish affairs, England would in no way bo a losor by tho chango. Tho Queon would, of courso, toko up hor rcsidonco in Iroland, and England would bo placed under tho charge of a Lord-Lioutonant. Tho Engliah people would, it is urged, bo tho gainers by this arrange- ment, for they would bo treated with con- sideration now oxtondod only to their Irish fellow aubjecta. Thoir smallest grievances, roal or imaginary, would reçoive " respectful at'on tion," and thoy would bo allowed privileges oa to non-payment of rent and taxes whioh would placo them in a far moro comfortable position, landlords only excoptcd, than they at present enjoy. Tho schomo has, at all ovonts, tho merit of novelty, and on this ground alone Mr. Gladstono may bo inclined to ontortain it. At the [Austrian arms factory at Stoyr 4,000 men aro at constant work, half by day and half by night, Six thousand Mauser rifles havo boon ordorod as a specimen for China ; for Austria it is busy with the conversion of the rifles to-tho repeating system ; and 40,000 rifles havo been ordorod for Roumania. The tala that Gatubotta when a child, volun- tarily put out his right eye in ordor to bo re- moved from a sominary which ho abhorred, is pronounced an absurd fiction. Tho roal facts aro that ono day, when only eight years old, whilo looking at a cutlor boring holes in tho haudlo of a knife with a drill fastened to an old broken foil by a piece of catgut, this rudo machine gave way by roason of too groat ten- sion, and tho brokou foil struck tho right oye of tho child with groat force, perforating the conlon. This terrible accidont causing him to bo ono différent from his kind, ho was pettod, pam pored, and spoiled by his parents, hisovery whim and fancy indulgod, and every caprice of his ardent and violont character allowed free play Mdilo, Sara Bornhardt completed her 50th porformanco in her American tour in the first WQok in January, her succeaa continuing undi miniahed to tho end. She appeared 25 times in New York, the recoiptB being 98,740dol., and 13 times at Boston, when tho rocoipts woro 49,104dol, lu the sovonth weok she appeared once at Hartford, once at Newhavon, and four times at Montreal. Tho receipts wero 10,196dol. In tho eighth weok sho played onco in Spring- field, Massachusetts, fivo times in Baltimore, and tho rocoipts wore 15,714dol., making a total of 50 appearances and 179,820dol. rocoipts. This is half of the American tour of 100 per- formances. Its success is causing tho manage- ment to contemplate an extension to 150 per- formances. Amidst tho extravaganoes and vauitios that i were never moro rife than under the present ragim, a good fight has been foueht and won' by tho advocates of a higher education for girls than has hitherto been regarded as sufficient for the future mothers of futuro Frenchmen, and tho Journal Officiel has just promulgated the new law establishing colleges for the secondary education of young French women. Theso colleges aro really schools for outdoor pupils, but boarding schools may bo annexed at the demand of tho Municipal Councils The courso of instruction is to comprise (1) morals ; (2) the French language, reuding aloud, and ono living foreiun tongue; (3) auciont and modern literature ; (4) geography and cos- mography ; (5) History of France and an out lino of general history ; (G) arithmetic, the ele- ments of geometry, chemistry, physics, and natural history ; (7) hygienics ; (8) domestic economy ; (9) ueedloivork ; (10) elements of law; (li) drawing; (12) music; (13) gymnastics. Religious teaching Í3 not prescribed, but may be given at the desire of the parents by ministers of different forms of worship in tho interior of tho schools, but not during tho hours of study. I If tho proposed programme bo faithfully carried out, it is evidont that French girls will no longer have much to complain of in the way of education. General Grant has writton an article in the North American Review, pointing out tho superior natural, economic, and political advan- tages of the Nicaraguan routo for tho inter oceauic canal, and strongly opposing tho idea of tho canal being placed under foreign control. Tho article fully endorses tho Monroe doctrino ns tho accepted and acceptable policy of tho country, and says that no nation should object to tho right of tho United S tatos to gun rd tho American continent against encroachments of foroign Powers. A remarkable and, in somo rospocts, an nlnrm ing cxodtts of negroes from the Southern States went on last yoar, and is expected to be rcsumod on a still larger scalo in tho coming spring. There is plonty of work for them in tho South, but thoy profor tho risk of migration to Kansas and tho Northorn States rathor than submit any longer to tho domineering ways of tho Southern whites. Tho results aro disastrous for tho planters. Last yoar 23 per cont. of tho cotton crop was wasted chiefly through lack of labour, which will bo sesreor this year. Tho nogroos in tho North ato said to bo prospering, and even in Kansas all tho coloured peoplo hav-j at last found employment. The Southerners will discovor when it is too lato that it doos not pay to troat negroes ns slaves, when they aro no longor chained to the soil. Tho olectric light is coming into uso for American river steamers, numbers of thoso on the Mississippi and Ohio having had it as a headlight for somo months A return, of interest to wine* growing counti ios, has jost appcarod, giving a valuation of tho havoc caused by tho phylloxora among tho vinoricB of Franco. Boforo the appearance of this microscopic parásito 2,200,000 hectares tho hoc taro being nearly equal to two and a half square acres-woro planted with vinos. Five hundred thousand, or more than one-fifth, havo siuco boon utterly destroyed, and another 500,000, or togothor nearly a half, havo boon so attackod as to produce scarcely anything. Tho loss is stated at 4,000 francs por hectaro, or 2,000,000,000 francs. Tho depreciation of tho vineyards attacked is estimated at 1,000,000,000 francs, giving £120,000,000 loss of public fortuno. The annual loss of vinoyards destroyed is estimated al 15,000,000 hectolitres-tho hectolitro being a littlo over 22 gallons-to which must be added 8,000,000 hectolitres less produced by vineyards attacked, giving a total loss of £20,000,000 to £24,000,000 a year. This deficioncy in tho pro- duction has to bo made np by the importation of wine from Italy, Spain, Hungary, otc, tho total importation for tho past year boing taken as 7,ö00,000 hoctolitres, worth nearly £11,000,000, which has gono abroad, not count- ing largo quantities of dried grapes which are also imported for tho manufacturo of wine. Considering this national loss, it is a wonderful ovidonco of tho prosperity of Franco that tho budget shows a surplus of 100,000,000 of francs. ,_TJ\o Navf_ York papers report that tho Araoricanlïon" tamer, TSllJatr Longelj-of Phila- delphia, was recently killed by a tiger bolonging to the Courtney Circus, with which ho was con- nected. Ho had given a successful exhibition in the tigers' cago before a numorous audience, and was preparing to leave the cage when his foot slipped and ho foil. Ono of tho tigors threw itself upon him with a roar, and in fivo minutes had torn tho body literally to piocea. Somo of tho spectators had revolvers, and they fired at onco upon tho animal. A lucky shot killed him, and Lengol's body could bo with- drawn through the sliding door, but at this moniont the other tiger throw itself upon tho ouo that had been shot, and began toaring it with teoth and claws. The horror of tho scene was such that most of tho spectators took imme- diately to flight. A serious conflagration occurred on January 8 at tho Central Staff Oilico, Berlin, tho resi- dence of Fiold Marshal Moltko, and tho depo- sitory of all the most important military papers and maps. Tho fire broke out in tho book- binder's shop, extended to tho printing-office, and ultimately soused tho rogistor-olfico. All threo wero destroyod. Tho military papers, pre- parations for tho removal of which had boon made, remained intact. Tho Crown Princo, with his own adjutauts and thoso of tho Emperor, and many of tho leading Generals appcarod on ' tho spot. Only after two hours' incessant work did tho firo brigado succeed in extinguishing tho flames. \ Tho gifts intended by tho Popo for presenta- tion to Princo Rudolph and his bride aro being prepared at tho Vatican. It is especially dosircd to unite artistic to intrinsic value. The brido especially is the object of the Pope's attention, ' and a magnificent tablo adorned with precious stones has been already chosen. Other objects have been ordored. _ Tlio Popo will be repre- sented at tho wedding by tho Nuncio and ono Austrian Cardinal. Nows has beon received from Cairo that two pyramids built to a king of tho Sixth Dynasty havo boon discovered to tho north of Memphis. Thoy woro buried boneath tho sand. Tho vaults and chambo« aro, it is stated, covorod wirb in- scriptions. The cavalry now in Ireland is moro numorous than at any poriod for ovor a quarter of a century. Tho 2nd Dragoon Guards aro at Dundaik, and tho 3rd at Ballincollig ; tho 1st Dragoons aro at Longford, tho 2nd in Dublin ; tho 7th Hussars aro at Cahir, and tho 19th in Dublin. It is seldom that the Royal Horso Artillery crosses the Channel from Woolwich, but at present there aro four battorios in Dublin, and of fiold artillory thoro aro actually seven i battorios in Ireland at tho present inomont. Again, thoro aro four companios of Engineers ; but it is when the infantry return is reachod that.a full idea is obtained of the excessive strength of the Irish stations. Tho roll is as follows :-Coldstream Guards, Scots Guards, 1st Foot (2nd Battalion), 12th Foot, 15th Foot, 10th Foot, 20th Foot (2nd Battalion), 22nd Foot 25th Foot (2nd Battalion), 28th Foot,30th Foot, 37th Foot, 47th Foot, 48th Foot, 57th Foot, 00th Foot, 70th Foot, 84th Foot. 101th Foot, 105th Foot, 100th Foot, 107th Foot, and tho 2nd and 3rd Battalions of tho Rino Brigado. Clearly the Liberal Government mean to make their cooroion laws a reality ouco thoy havo securod thom. There aro also for Ireland five companies of tho Army Sorvico Corps. England seems to hold vory cheaply tho best blood of hor gallant soldiors. According tu somo journals, the Liberal Government has reversed, whero reversal was at all possible, the polioy of Lord Beaconsfield's administration ; and, indeed, thero would appear to bo some truth in the assortion. To secure tranqnility to British India, England has spared neither lifo nor money, and now when, by tho occu- pation of au almost imprognablo fortress, won by British valour, security to India from Russian intrigue in Afghanistan could be secured, the present Government, for no othor reason apparent than that tho war was tho act of a Conservativo Ministry, proposos to givo up Camlahar and render the> precautions taken against foreign intrigue entirely futile. On tho occasion of tho recent snow storm thero was a romantic and woll-nigh tragio ad- venture at a farm on tho Wiltshiro Downs, near Warminstor. A wedding party was caught in tho snow, and imprisoned for almost a woek. Friends had come from far and near, all in their Sunday host and not too warmly elad ; tho cere- mony had been performed at a distant church, and tho party had somehow or other got bank to tho deserted farm to breakfast, when the feasting was interrupted by the ominous declara- tion that tho rosdn woro Imoaiiable, and that I thoy wore all snowed in. To separate that night was impossible, and all looked forward to tho morrow. Matters wero worse than beforo, and brido, bridegroom, bridesmaids, best men, sisters, cousins, and aunts had to faco inevitable captivity. For somo timo provisions held out, but at last tho provided marriago foast was utterly consumed, amusements palled upon the prisoners, thoy wero tired of dancing, ovory one IiacHoId ovory story ho know to koop up tho apiri s of tho guests, changes of raimont woro doomed imperatively necessary, tho apaco was too confined for flirtation, an ominous depres- sion induced by daily and scanty rations of bread and bacon superveued, and, just as starvation was staring thom all in tho face, a thaw sot in, and a stalwart pioneer headed as merry a "wedding march" as over trudged across tho snow in search of hopo and home Ono of tho most eccentric old ladies in Europo died tho othor day at her rosidenco, in tho Stralauor Strnsso, Borun, whore sho had livod in all but absoluto soclusion for nearly half a contury. Sho was wall oil, and denied hersolf no luxury in the way of eating and drinking, but would novor permit hor apartments to bo swept or her furniture to bo cleansod, so that, upon entering her dwelling after her death, tho polioi authorities found ovcrthing within them, except tho kitchen utensils, covered with layers of vonorablo dust from 2in. to 4in. thick. For many years sho had worn no linen or any other body ganiiontbut a man'sdiiftbldressing gown. It was her custom to wear a boot on ono foot aud a shoo on tho othor, and sho never took off her gloves, day or night, except to chango them for new ones, whon fairly worn out. Sho always passed tho daylight hours in bed, rising Into in J the evening, and occupying hor nights with cooking sumptuous mea's for horsolf and her companion, making a point of finishing hor ro past bofoi'o dawn. Sho kept a great many dogs, cats, and birds. In this strange fashion she livod to the ago of 82. Her wholo property, with tho exception of a handsome legacy to hor faithful old servant, is left to a grandnieco, resi- dent in this country, to revert, after hor^ do coBso, to an asylum for dogs. An oarly disap- pointment in lovo is bolioved to havo been tho original causo of tho misanthropical resolvo which prompted hor to socludo herself from the world for ncariy throe-fourths of hor long existence 