CHRISTMAS CREEK. . By Henry Kendalt.. Phauto3[ streams woro in tho distanco — mocking lights of lako and pool — Ghosts of troos of soft, green lustre— grovos of shadows (leeii nnd cool. Yoa, some dovil ran boforo tliom, changing skios of brass to blue — Setting bloom whoro curso is planted — whoro n grassblado novor grow. Six thoro woro : and high abovo thom glared a wild and wizened sun : Ninety leagues from whoro tho waters of tho singing valloys run. Thoro boforo them — thoro behind tliom — ivas tho great, stark, stubborn Plain, 'Whero tho dry winds hiss forever and tbo blind oartli moans for rain ! Ringed about by tracts of furnace, ninety leagues from stream and trco, Six thoro woro with wasted faces, working northwards to tlio sea. Ah 1 tho bittor, hopeless Desort ! Hero thoso broken human wrecks Trod the wilds whore sand of fire is with tlio spitoful spiuefox ! ' Toiled through spheres that no bird knows of, whoro with fiory omphasis Holl hath stamped its awful mintmark deep on everything that is ! Toiled and thirsted, strove and suffored. This was whero December's broath As a wind of smiting llamo is, on weird, haggard wastes of Death !_ This was whoro a withered moon is, and tlio * gleam of weak, wan star, And a thunder full of meance sends its mighty | voices far ! This was whoro black oxeeration, from somo dark Tribunal hurlod, Sot tho brand of ourso on all tilings iu the morning of the World 1 Ono man yielded — then another — then a lad of nineteen years Heeled and fell -with English rivers singing softly in his cars 1 English grasses started round him — then tho graco of Sussox lea Came and touched him with tho beauty of a green land by tho sea 1 Old-world faces jthrongod about him— old- world voices spoko to him ; But his speech was liko a whispor, and liis oyos woro very dim. In a dream of goldon oveuing, beaming on a quiot Btrand, Lay tho stranger, till a bright Ono camo and took him by the hand England vanished — died tho voices; but ho hoard a holier tone, And an angol that wo know not lod him to tho Lands unknown. Six thero woro, but throo woro takon ! Three wore loft to struggle still 1 But against tho red horizon flamed a horn of brindled hill — But beyond tho northern skyline, past n wall of steep austere, Lay the land of light and coolness iu an. April colored yoar. ' Courage, brothers,' cried tho loader ; ' on tho slopes of yonder peak There are tracts of borb and shadow, and the channels of the creek!' So thoy mado ouo last groat effort — haled thoir beasts through brako and briar — Set tlioir feet on spurs of furnaco — grappled Bpikes and crags of firo — Fought tho stubborn mountain forces — smoto down naked natural powers, ?Till they gazed from tliroucs of Morning on a sphero of streams and flowers ! Oat behind thom was tho desort glaring liko a sea of brass — Hore beforo thom wero tho valleys fair with moonlight-colored grass ! . At thoir backs wore haggard wastelands bickering in a wicked blaze — In thoir faces beamed tho waters marching down melodious ways 1 Touching was tho cool, soft color ovor laps of lawn and lea, And majestic was tho groat road Morning mado across tho sea. On tho sacred day of Christmas after seven months of grief Bested three of six who started, on a bank of moss and loaf — Bested by a running rivor, in a hushed— a holy weolc ; And thoy named tho stream that saved thom— named it fitly—' Christmas Creek.' 