AUSTRALIAN GHOSTS. • ~ " ~ •" • THE AUSTRALIAN BANSHEE. " I was going now some four years ago from Singleton to the Page. You recollect Bob Jackson, who used to go to the old King's School, don't you?" "Yes, to be sure!" answered several of the old scholats, whilst one added, "He was drowned, wasn't he?" « He was!" continued Gus, gloomily," and it is in connection with his death that the strange circumstance I am about to relate occurred. He was going to his father's station on New Euglaud, and meetiug him in Singleton we agreed to travel together as far as the Page. We crossed the river, and though there was a little fresh coming down, the water was barely up to the horses' girths; we had got some seven miles from the river, and had just passed an old sheep station hut that stood so long ruined and deserted. Ycu know the kind of country it is there, fiue open forest and level ground, in which you may see and recognize a beast half a mile distant. Just a nice clear apple-tree country, without a bit of undergrowth large enough to shelter a bandycoot. We were riding steadily along, laughing and joking and thinking of anything but supernatural appearances, when suddenly we heard the most piercing shrieks from the bush onourright. We both turned in that direction instantly, and what was our astonishment when we saw a woman rushing through the bush, her dress in disorder, her hair hanging down all dishevelled upon her shoulders, traces of blood upon her hands, arms, and face, and uttering the frightful scrcams that had drawn our attention to her as she wrung her hands in wliat seemed to be the intensity of agony. We looked at each other, and I don't know what feeling it was tbat prevented me from uttering a word or fromrushing forward. The woman, however, came on with astounding rapidity, and, as we turned our eyes upon her again, she crossed the road, without taking the slightest notice of us, and rushed into the bush on our left, still continuing her piercing cries and frantic actions. By this time Bob, who was the first to recover himself, shouted after her. She gave no heed to his cries, but continued her wild career. We then looked round to see if she was pursued, but nothing was to be seen in the direction whence she had come. When we again turned towards where we had last seen the woman she was no longer in Bight, and the shrieks had ceased. « Well, this is a rum start!" said Bob. " It certainly is very strange !" I assented. "Do you think anybody has been ill- using the woman f he suggested. "Seeing the way she can cut along," I replied, " I don't think they'd have a chance of catching her." " What do you think about it, Gus i" he asked. " I don't know what to think, Bob!" for somehow I couldn't persuade myself that the thing was real. " I believe that we have been deceived in some way!" " Deceived! nonsense !" he answered," that would be well enough if there had been only one of us. But we both saw her, and two people don't make a mistake." Don't be too sure of that. I tell you, Bob, that I don't believe that we have seen anything!" " But we heard the shrieks!" he added. "They may have been fancied." "Why what a duffer you must take me for, Gus! However, whether or no I'll make sure about it!" and with that he dug the spurs into his horse's side, and galloped off into the bush towards where we had last seen the woman. I don't know what it was that kept me back; a kind of feeling such as I had never experienced before, and which sent my hair bristling up from the very roots, came over me when I turned in that direction. I did not follow him then; but sitting on my horse, I watched him as he rode along searching the ground for tracks, and dismounting in order to look more closely. He was not long away, and I noticed that he looked pale, nervous, and anxious when he joined me. " Did you find her ?" I asked. "No," he answered, and his voice sank as he added, " nor did I find any sign of her. looked over the place where I could swear I saw her pass, but I couldn't find so much as a single track." " Just as I thought," I rejoined. " It was somfe ocular deception of which we have been the 'victims, and " '/ Bat how about the screams he asked. *f It might have been a jackass, or a curlew or some other bird, and our fancy turned the orie^into screams." " Bob shook his head, but said nothing. We -•were not very lively on our way to Aberdeen, but yhen we reached there, we halted for a quirter of an hour, to refresh ourselves and onr horses. This enlivened us a bit and we frob our old laughing and chatting manner as Weib&edown; to the river. About a hun- dred yards from the river we met a couple of travellers who hai just crossed. "Hunyon, hurry on, young fellers!" said one, " if J want to get across, for the fresh is coming o u down at a deuce of a rate, and it was only just as much as we could do to get over without swimming." Thanking him for the warning, wo galloped down to the stream. We were both upon steady old horses accustomed to the water, and on which you might depend your life to take you across a broader river than the Hunter or Aberdeen. We therefore did not hesitate a moment, but at once plunged m, in order to lose no time. On the farther or northern bank, the water is much deeper than on the side at which we entered, and I found when I neared this spot that even before I had reached what I knew to be the deepest place my horse was swimming. The current was running very rapidly, the water like so much pea-soup, but my horse breasted it nobly. Just as was in the strongest part of the current I turned to look at Bob. He was only five or six yards behind me, heading his horse steadily up stream and making for the landing. In a few more seconds my horse's feet touched the ground, he gave a plunge or two and we were safe on shore. I then turned to watch for Bob. His horse was making way admirably, and he was now in the very force of the current when a huge log borne down on the stream, caught broadways on, across horse and rider, and in an instant both went down. Without considering the consequences to myself, I leapt my horse into the stream and swam him towards the spot where I had seen Bob go down; but the horse must have struck him, or something else must have kept him down, for he never rose again. Had he done so I must have seen him. It was only with the greatest difficulty that I once more regained the river bank, where I lay for some time half-senseless from exertion and excitement. As soon as I could once more move about I gave the alarm, aud before long had assistance to search for the body. It was not, however, until the fresh had subsided that the body of poor Bob was found some ten miles lower down the river. The bodies of horse and rider lay together on a mud bank, poor Bob's foot having in some inexplicable manner got entangled in the stirrup leather, and thus he and the horse had helped to drown each other. The most curious part of the story has yet to come. I was talking to old Dobson about Bob's death. You know he is a very old resident in that part, and is acquainted with all the ins and outs of every property and station in the district. I happened to mention casually the circumstance of our having encountered the screaming woman. It was the first, and with this exception will be the last, time that I shall speak of it. Old Dobson's red cheeks turned absolutely pale, or rather I should say a light blue color, as I told this part of the story. " Did you both see her ?" he asked. Yes," said I. " And did you both follow her into the bush ?" he questioned almost breathlessly and I thought tremblingly. " No," I replied, " I couldn't help thinking that it was some ocular deception, and so remained on the road. Bob, however, followed her, but could see nothing. He even tried to make out her tracks, but could find none." " Then thank your stars, Mr. Dashwood, for if you'd followed her your life wouldn't have been worth a week's purchase," and with a sigh of relief he shook me by the hand and congratulated me on my escape. " Mr. Jackson's death is now fully accounted for. Nothing could have saved him," and he then mentioned the names of several persons who had seen this ill-omened spectre, for it was nothing else. Every one of those who had attempted to follow and traca out the spirit had perished miserably within twenty-four hours, either by accident or violence. " So then," said Harry Buckley, " when I get into the bush I must take precious good care not to go running after the women, especially if they are given to screaming." A general laugh greeted this sally. "You need not be alarmed," cried Frank, " a sensible ghost wouldn't certainly set up a scream at your good-looking face, however Gus's mustachios and beard may have frightened it." " Ho is safe," continued Gus, " for I have never heard of the appearance of tills fatal spectre except in the vicinity of the old sheepstation hut." " And what may have been her particular object , in amusing herself in this way after death?' asked another. "Old Dobson" told me the story. Very many years ago, the present spectre had been a very handsome but a very dissolute and violent-tempered woman. She was married to the man, a shepherd, who inhabited the now ruined and deserted hut. In one of her paroxysms of passion at an accusation made by her husband, she stabbed him to thp heart. Immediately afterwards, overcome by remorse and perhaps by the dread of punishment, she rushed away raving into the bush. There she must have perished miserably, for some three or four months afterwards what were supposed, by the remnants of clothing near them, to be her remains, were found torn and scattered by native dogs. Ever since that time she makes occasional visits to the scene ot her crime and punishment, and rushing along through the bash utters the same wild shrieks that she sent forth when alive; but woe to the man who shall dare to follow or attempt to trace her." _ "Asa general rule," observed Frank, 1 think you will find that women seem to be more restless in their graves than men, for the greater part of the ghosts we hear of are of the softer sex." " And don't you know the razon for that I put in old Con Daley, who, wonderful to relate, had sat quite silent during the whole of the conversation. He was a brisk, lively old gentleman, who had a smart word or a repartee for every remark, and it was quite an unusual thing not to hear his voice in any company in which he was present. " I can't say that I ever thought over the subject," replied Frank. " Well, then," added Daley sententiously, "it's because they're the greatest sinners. Ever since Eve became the first mundane delinquent, the darlin' cratures have maintained the lead in that sort of thing !" There was general laugh from the youngsters, aud a universal cry of " Oh, fie! from the ladies who had joined our party. "The ghosts of ladies appear only when they arc ill-used, to appeal to the chivalry of the other sex for redress; but the ghosts of men," cried Annie Forster indignantly, " show themselves only after having done some wrong." " Bravo, my little darlin'," saidDaley, "that's very nately put; but the ladies are always illused if you take their word for it." "You are a regular libeller, Mr. Daley,' retorted Annie, " and I should have expected better from you certainly—at your years." This was said so archly that it brought down a general laugh. " Faith, then," rejoined Daley, "I'm a better man, at my years even, than that omadhaun James Spencer that one Miss Annie Forster regards as the very moral of a man." Here was a homethrust for poor Annie, and she at once left the field to her adversary, falling back in the direst confusion and covered with blushes. 