fntmolsmial. NEW SOUTH WALES. Opening of St. Charles’ Ecclesiastical Seminary, Bathurst. On Sunday, the 12tli instant, a very interest ing ceremony took place at Bathurst, when the Archbishop of Sydney opened and blessed St. Charles’ Ecclesiastical Seminary. This is the first institution of its kind that has ever been founded in N. S. Wales, and the Bishop, the clergy, and laity of the Bathurst district are to be congratulated on the completion of so great and noble a work in their midst. The Archbishop and the Bishop of Goulburn, accompanied by several clergymen, arrived by the evening train of Saturday, and the party were met by the Bishop of Bathurst and several of the clergy, who escorted them to the presbytery and the college, where they stayed during their visit. Early next morning crowds began to as semble in the vicinity of SS. Michael and John’s Cathedral, and at half-past 10 a pro cession was formed, in which the following bodies and confraternities took part The Holy Catholic Guild, numbering 108 persons, headed by their brass band, under the leader ship of Mr. M'Carthy ; the Hibernian Society, numbering fifty-two ; the Confraternity of the Holy Family, numbering forty-four ; the Confraternity of the Sacred Heart, number ing thirty-eight ; the Children of Mary, forty in number ; the students of St. Stanislaus’ College'; the pupils of the denominational school, one hundred and thirty in number, under their teacher (Mr. O’Brien) ; the eccle siastical students, acolytes, the clergy, his Lordship Dr. Lanigan and his Lordship Dr. Quinn (in cappa 'magnet), followed by the Bishop’s carriage. Very Rev. Dr. Byrne was master of ceremonies. The procession started from the Cathedral, proceeded along William street, thence down Piper-street and along Bentinck-street to the college. The roads and pathways were crowded with spectators. On arrival at the college grounds the proces sionists formed in two lines, facing inwards, and as the episcopal part}7 passed through, all, on their bended knees, received the Benedic tion. On arrival at the tent which was to serve as 'a' temporary chapel, they were met by his Grace the Archbishop, who, having been robed in cope and mitre, proceeded to the Seminary, when the ceremony of blessing the edifice was performed. A Gregorian choir, consisting of ecclesiastical students, sang the .Veni Creator Spirttus, during the procession from the temporary chapel to the seminary, after 'which His Grace recited the prayers proper for the ' Benedictio Damns Srholaris. The walls were then sprinkled with holy water, the choir singing the Asper ges, and afterwards incensed, while the Diri gafur Domitie was chanted. The Archbishop then proceeded to bless the crucifix, (which was placed in the centre of the hall), reciting the following words —“We place, 0 Lord, the sign of salvation in this house, and do Thou not permit the' destroying angel to enter into it, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, an'd of the Holy Ghost. Amen.” High Mass, Coram Episeopo, was then sung, the celebrant being the Rev. Father Byrne, and the deacon and stihdeacon. Father O’Ken nedy and the ReV. Mr. Curran. The music of the Mass v'as pleasingly rendered, the Kyrie of Brunditt, Est’s Gloria and Credo, and Brnnditt’s Ojfertorium, Sanrti/s, and Agnus Dei, forming the programme. Mr. McCarthy conducted, and Mr. Holland acted in the' capacity of organist. Inside the sanc tuary were erected a dais for the Archbishop, and one for the Bishop of Bathurst, near whom sat the Bishop of Goulburn. The congregation numbered "''several thousands and was composed of members of afl denomi nations. " -v The Rev. John Ryan, S.J., after the Gospel, ascended the temporary pulpit, and took for his text these words from the Gospel of the Sunday :—“ Jesus said to His disciples—All power is given to Me in Heaven and on earth ~ going, therefore, teach all nations”—delivered a very interesting discourse on the mission of the Christian priesthood, concluding as fol lows :—From what was said could be seen the importance of the institution which had just been solemnly inaugurated—an institution which was destined for the training of Catho lic priests. The priesthood is the highest of dignities, but at the same time it carries with it the gravest responsibilities. Woe to him who dares assume that honour, unless he be called by God as Aaron, and unless he be duly qualified by the necessary learning and virtue. Hence the Church of God has insti ted these seminaries, wherein the young Levites are to be brought up for the service of the altar, wherein they must spend years of deep study, under careful direction, to fit them for their great work. The Catholic parents of the diocese should he deeply grate ful to their zealous bishop for establishing this institution among them,' and for thus affording them an opportunity of obtaining the greatest joy that can enter into the heart of a Catholic parent—a joy which will be a comfort during life, a consolation in death, a solace beyond the grave, the joy of having a son a priest of the living God. He concluded by earnestly exhorting the audience to beg the Sacred Heart to bless the ecclesiastical seminary, that it might become a nursery of true priests, and might continue during future generations to send forth true labourers into the great harvest of this new land—labourers full of learning, zeal, and charity, to carry on the work which Christ has given to the priests of Ilis Church. After the sermon, which was listened to with groat interest, a collection to pay off the debt of £2800 which remained on the building! was made, the result of which was most satis factory. The amount collected in the outly ing districts was £368 19s. 3d., and in Bathurst proper £229 13s. The subscriptions then commenced to flow in freelv. Among the principal donors were—the Archbishop,. £20 ; Bishop Quinn, £400 ; Bishop Lanigan, £25 ; the Bishop of Brisbane, £20 ; the Bishop of Sandhurst, £20 ; the Very Rev. Dr. Corbett, Melbourne, £10 ; the Very Rev. Pore Joly, S.M., Sydney, £5; the priests, in charge of missions, and the professors of the college, £10 each ; Messrs. Dalton Brothers, £140 ; Messrs. Boylson and Sons, £36 ; -John Meagher, Esq., J.P., £32 ; D. J. Fitzpatrick Esq., £20 ; Eyre G. Ellis, Esq., £10 ; Messrs. {Slattery and Heydon, £10 10s. ; and Sir P. A. Jennings, K.S.G., K.C.M.G., £5 ; E. J, Rubio, Esq., £5 5s. After all these contribu tions had been received, it was announced that the munificent sum of £2200 had been collected. Dr. -Byrne, ' on behalf of the Bishop, thanked all for their, generosity ; after which an adjournment was made to the luncheon room, where an excellent spread— the gift of the ladies of Bathurst had been laid. Fully 800 persons sat down to partake of the good things provided. When the “ inner man ” had been satisfied, , Ilis Lordship the Bishop of Bathurst rose and said he had a pleasing duty to per form. In the first place he thanked most cordially those who had assisted to make the ceremonies of that day such a great success. He thought that he 'might say that every thing had been magnificent. The proocssion was magnificent, the crowd of persons that had assembled formed a magnificent sight, and last though not least, the collection was magnificent. (Cheers.) He sincerely thanked in the name of that vast assemblage all those who had contributed so liberally. ' He thanked the Archbishop from his heart for his kindness in coming and helping them— (cheers)—he thanked their old friend, Dr. Lanigan, and he thanked Sir P. A. Jennings, Mr. Dalton, and all their other friends who had come such great distances to help 'them. A work such as this was calculated to benefit the Church at large, and hence their friends had given them their most cordial sympathy. (Applause.) In conclusion, he thanked the generous donors of pccuinary aid, and they must not forget the ladies,, who had been so kind as to provide that sumptuous entertain ment. Dr. Quinn resumed his seat amidst continued plaudits. The Archbishop of Sydney said that lie was somewhat diffident on that occasion, as his friend the Bishop of Bathurst had alluded to certain floodgates which were to be opened upon them. He could at least say that a perfect flood of good spirits seemed to ovei whehn all present, and it required more elo quence than he was possessed of to give ex pression to the feelings which filled his heart on that occasion.. (Cheers.) It gave him great gratification to have been present at so important an event as the opening of an ecclesiastical seminary. The display of faith had been most pleasing to him, and as he saw the grand procession approaching the College, he was reminded of similar displays which he had often witnessed in Italy. The Arch bishop concluded by expressing his gratifica tion at beholding the great progress which the city of Bathurst had made since his last visit, and resumed his seat amidst cheers. The Bishop of Goulburn, who was re ceived with great cheering, said, as an old man, and a colonist of long standing, he might speak of the sentiments which filled his heart at beholding the great signs of the pro gress of Catholicity Avhich he saw around him. He was pleased with their fine church and convent, anti thought he might say that they had a glorious future before them. On every occasion in which he had visited Bathurst, lie had been delighted with the progress which the Catholic faith had made amongst them. He was confident that the College of St. Stanislaus and the Ecclesiastical Seminary of St. Charles Borromeo would prove a blessing-, not only to that diocese, but to the colony at large. He therefore rejoiced with them on that occasion, and that all Catholics had reason to be glad with them, too. (Cheers.) The •Seminary would be the means, he trusted, of giving a native priesthood to Australia. It was admirably fitted for the object for which it was erected, and when the machinery was good, and the raw material excellent, we had just cause for expecting good returns. He thanked the Bishop of Bathurst for setting ■Goulburn so good an example — not but that the people of Goulburn were as good as the people of Bathurst—(hear, hear)—and he trusted that when the time came, he could rely upon their assisting him in his efforts to promote the cause of religion in his own •diocese. (Cheers.) Sir P. A. Jennings, K.C.M.G., said that he felt at a disadvantage in rising to address •them after they had listened to the utterances of a full bench of bishops. (Laughter.) If their Lordships had felt bound to express their feelings, he thought it was his duty to utter the sentiments of sympathy which he could not hut feel. (Cheers.) lie was very glad to have been present, and to have been afforded an opportunity of addressing them. When he first met Dr. Quinn in Deniliquin after he had travelled over two thousand miles in a visitation of his vast diocese, he felt that his Lordship was full of that genuine Irish instinct which had led his countrymen to assist in propagating the faith in the utter most parts of the earth. (Cheers.) He re joiced to see the manner in which the Catholic religion was being established in Australia by the efforts of bishops. We Lad had to con tend against prejudice, against misconception, and against storms of every kind ; but the world was beginning to understand us better, and those in power would at length be con vinced that there was no foundation for true morality, for good government, for law and order, and for social concord, but religion. (Cheers.) That faith which St. Patrick had blessed Ireland with was the only thing which was efficient in building up social order. ■(Cheers.) He therefore hoped to see colleges, schools, and seminaries established in all parts of that vast colony. (Cheers.) Mr. J. Dalton, K.S.G., of Orange, also ad dressed the meeting. He was glad to see that the seminary was finished, and knew that such an institution, would he a blessing to the ■country. (Cheers.) Mr. 1. M. blattery, M.L.A., also made a few remarks, and the proceedings were con cluded by the health of the Bishop of Bathurst being proposed by the Archbishop. Dr. Quinn briefly acknowledged the eulo giums which his Grace said he so well de served, and the company rose, evidently much delighted with the ceremonies of the clay. In the evening, Solemn Vespers, at which his Lordship Dr. Quinn presided, and at which the Bishop of Goulburn was present, were sung alternately by the ecclesiastical students and the choir—two cantor students of the Ecclesiastical College singing the antiphons. A very eloquent and impressive sermon was preached by the Rev. Father Byrne, who spoke at some length on the missionary power and the growth of the Catholic Church since the days of the Apostles. Solemn Benediction of the Most Blessed Sacrament was then given by His Grace the Archbishop, and brought to a successful termination one of the grandest and most interesting day’s ceremonies ever witnessed in Australia. The following prelates and clergymen were present at the various ceremonies throughout the day—The Most Rev. Dr. Vaughan, Arch bishop of Sydney, the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst, the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan. Bishop of Goulburn, the Rev. J. P. Fitzpatrick, the Very Rev. Dr. Byrne, Bathurst, the Very Rev. Pere Joly, S.M., Sydney, the Very Rev. Dr. iVFAuJiffe, Forbes, Rev. J. J. Iloran, the Rev. Fathers Riordan (Bathurst), Dunne (Dubbo), D’Arcy (Parkos), J. Ryan, S.J., (Sydney), O’Donnell (Hill End), Gallagher (Goulburn), Kelly (Orange), Walsh (Wellington), M‘Grath (Carcoar), O’Donovan (Mudgee), Matthews (Maitland), the local clergy and ecclesiastical students, etc, etc. A lecture on “ Brain Work” was delivered in the evening in the School of Arts by the Archbishop of Sydney. A veiy large audi ence had assembled, and the lecture was much admired. 