THE. MERCURY. SATURDAY MORNING, JAN. 20, 1881 The report of tho proceedings of the annual meeting of the Benevolent Society, which ap- peared in yesterday's Mercury, offers matter for very serious reflection. There is much in connection with the Society of which philan- thropists and colonists may well be proud ; some insights into human nature given of which we cannot but feel ashamed ; and on the part of the Government of the Colony evidences of in- decision, changing viows, and indiscretion that bespeak more a love of patronage than a sedulous care for the well-being of the pauper population, and for that wise economy which should check waste of public money, without depriving the children of the State of such requisites to their comfort as people in their circumstances are entitled to. The working of the Society appears to be as near perfection as is possible where the agency has so many purposes to overtake ; so many of the aged and the destitute, of profligate reprobates suffering the consequences of their evil courses, and of the simply unfortunate, to be dealt with as his or her necessities require. For twenty-one years the Society has been in existence, and we cannot call to mind an in- stance of any lapse to make its friends ashamed of its management, and ere leaving this part of the subject, wo may he allowed to express regret that in the brief reference we made on Thurs- day morning to the early and past workers in the good cause, we should have omitted to mention the late Captain Bateman, who in life took a prominent interest in the Society, and at death made it a substantial donation. The Hon. ALFRED KENNERLEY also deserves honourable mention for the interest which, while health permitted him, he took in the Society. Among its earliest sup- porters and workers was also Mr. WITHERING- TON, now of the New Town Charitable In- stitution, a gentleman whose official position makes him as valued, as his kindly instincts make him a willing worker. We might swell the list of noble workers in the good cause, but our purpose is rather with the working of the Society than with its workers. The very first paragraph in the report read on Thursday evening brings us face to face with a most lamentable picture of blunted feelings in parents and children who, devoid of natural affection, and lost to every sense of shame, throw on the State the burdon of maintaining those to whom they are indebted for their being, or to whom they owe the obligations of a parent to a helpless child. The report thus com- mences :-"'Without natural affection' seems to be tho characteristic of many of the cases that come before the committee of the Hobart Bene- volent Society, husbands desert their wives and families without the slightest compunction, and leave them to the tender mercies of a benevo lently disposed public. Sons and daughters seem to seek only their self- gratification, and to have only one desire, to escape their responsi- bility of contributing to the maintenance of those who gave them birth. But the most un- natural disposition that is oftentimes developed, is for mothers to desert their children, which, upon very trifling difficulties, many threaten to do, and to leave them at the door of the Bene volent Society, or to the care of Government that they may do what they like with them." With people capable of such barbarism, kindly remonstrance would be unavailing. Only to the terrors of the law will they yield any respect and it is some consolation that the Conference which has just completed its sittings at Sydney will likely result in some intercolonial legislation pre- venting a man from escaping his responsibilities, by escaping from the locality in which they have been undertaken. But "fleeing de- faulters" are not the only evaders of their obligations. The law of Tasmania is either so defective, or so inefficiently carried out, that parents hardly regard themselves as violators of the law in refusing to support their offspring, and children with the callousnoss of persons who do not feel they are doing wrong, have no compunction in handing over their aged parents to the care of the State. The existence of such a feeling in the community is a disgrace to us as a Colony, demoralises tho very people who profit by their heartlessness, and affords a most pernicious example to the too common class of poople who prefer the gratifi- cation of their own appetites and desires to the nobler duty of honouring father and mother, or loving their own child. The law should be either so framed or so enforced that the re- sponsibility would be accepted as an inevitable duty. At present the chance of escape is so great as to offer a temptation to shirking obliga- tion. A properly expressed and properly car- ried out law would save the State a large annual sum ; would inculcate self- respect and self-reliance, and maintain more sacred the relations between parent and child. In the practical language of His Excellency we need not manufacture the poor, but that is just the ten- dency of the present defective law and its in- efficient working. Prominence was given in the report to the working of a recent arrangement by which Go- vernment reverted to the old practice of making the Benevolent Society the Government almoners to the destitute who had no claim to private or family aid ; by which also the Sooiety undertook the boarding-out and supervision of the children of the State, the former system under the con- trol of tho Administrator of Charitable Grants having not proved so satisfactory as could have been desired. The use of the Society in the management of the out-door relief was a wise resolution, if only that it incorporated two agencies having a similar purpose in view, but often diverging into different directions, and sometimes leading to fraud, the one on the other. Tho report tells us that tho work has been carried on by the Society in a vary satis- factory manner. No really necessitous person has been permitted to want, and attempts at im- position have been generally frustrated. The officers of the Society have so thorough a per- sonal acquaintance with the poor and the classes whence come the poor, that a guarantee of effi- ciency and economy is given which cannot but continue to produce good results, if only Go- vernment will keep from officious and indiscreet intermeddling. The Society was getting on very well with the boarding-out system in regard to the children. Tho number of children de- pendent on Government aid had been reduced. The importance of the regular attendance of the children at school had never been lost sight of, and had been insisted on as essential to the foster parents obtaining the weekly payments. Under the old regime, parents receiving relief were in the habit of sending their children for rations during school hours, a practice that it was felt had to be put down by vigorous action, and it was put down. The children had been subject to a healthy supervision ; but Government could not let well alone. On the 4th of January instant a notice was gazetted, appointing five gentlemen"a CentralCommittee for boarding-out destitute children." Why a Central Committee, or what outer committees exist, or are to be called into being, tho Government do not say. Equally reticent have they been as to the necessity for a Central Committee, except an excuse is sought for the creation of a new department, for the Central Committee must have aids which the Benevolent Society did not require, the existing staff proving sufficient. But for the extra ex- pense, will the work of boarding-out be better done? We may be allowed to question it. A better selection of a Central Committee could not, perhaps, have been made. Mr. O'BOYLE the newly gazetted Administrator of Charitable Grants, as Chairman, has for his fellow- workers Major-General Irvine, James Grant, Robert Andrew Mather, and William Tarleton, Esquires. But is it likely that these honorary office-bearers will exercise the same personal surveillance over the boarded-out children, as did the paid officers of tho Benevolent Society ? While meaning nothing disrespectful to the Administrator of Charitable Grants and the Central Committee, we cannot help thinking that the interference with the recently esta- blished boarding-out system is a retrograde step. The New Town Pauper Ofi-endciis.-From further information gained yesterday wo have learned that Mr. H. M. Huli was solely respou Eiblo for the extraordinary decision which he gave from the City Bench on Thursday morning, and that Mr. Guesdon, thouch sitting with him, did not interfere in this particular oase, in which it was only necessary for 0110 justice to sit. This fact does not alter tho position however, or the necessity for an enquiry by the Government into tho manner in which tho conduct of their ofiicors has been bo seriously called in question in such cavalier stylo. The Strike in Lancashire. - We yesterday obtained an explanation of Reuter's unintelligible messago, which reached us on Thursday night. The telegram road, "Lnncashiio rt-infoicunents, udol strikes spreading," which of courao is sheer non- sense. On getting tho mc8sogo repeated, it was found that the word "udol" should bo "riols." What similarity tboro is between the two to cause tho blunder is beyond our comprehension ; and when wa were told that the mistake arose through the omission of a dot by tho operator who sont it, wo wore still moro puzzled. It will Btrike nuy one forcibly, however, that unless tho operator who received the mossago is very stupid, ho ? must > havo known that tho word "udol" was an absurd mis- take, and ho ought to havo had it repeated at onoo, without even troubling us with it. Wo know now of course that owing to tho riots among the colliers on strike, reinforcements of troops have been sont to Lancashire to maintain older. The Intercolonial Conference.-From a private telegram wo loam that the sittings of the Intercolonial Conference in Sydney closed on Thursday. Mr. Giblin and Mr. Mooro loft in tho evening for Melbourne, aud tho former waa to come on to Tasmania by tho first steamer, which will bo the Flinders, announced to leavo Melbourne to- day. Railway Arbitration. - Messrs. Fehon and Greene, arbitrators, and tho Honourable J. G. Francis, umpire, arrived on Thursday night, for the purpose of aascssing the amount of tolls and com- pensation to bo paid by the Tasmanian Main Line Railway Company, for running powora over the Launceston and Westorn Railway, between Evan- dale juuction and Launcoston, for a further term of years. Proceedings were opened yesterday, tho bon. tbo Attorney- General, with tho Solicitor General, acted as counsel for the Government, and the Honourable Alfred Dobson, instructed by Messrs, Dobson and Mitchell, as counsel for tho Company. Evideuce was taken, and the meeting adjourned at 4'50 p.m. to 10 a.m. this day. It is intended to tako advantage of tho presence of tho arbitrators and urapiro to fix the amount to be paid to the Main Lino Railway Company by the PoBt ü/Eco dopart ment, tor Clio conveyance ot mails tor a term of a years. It is to ho hoped that if any such arrange mont is contemplated, it will bo mado a sine gua non that trains bo run on Sunday nights. Three years' continuance of the present delay aud.auuoy anco is not to bo thought of. . , ; ¡ ¡ Serióos Charge Against a Constable.-Any- one attending frequently at the City Police Court becomes so accustomed to the reckless malico with which charges of a serious chat acter aro made by the lower class of offenders against the arresting constables that they become to be regarded almost with indifferenco-an indifference, however, which, though natural to a oertaiu extent, is Hablo to prove dangerous in tho long mu to tho liberty of tho sub- ject, and to givo nn amount of liconso to tho police which thoy ought on no account to possess. It is therefore with satiafnotion that we view tho aotion of tho Police Magistrate yesterday iu tho case of tho man Cleary, who was bl ought befor« lum on a charge of disturbing the peace. Cleary stoutly denied his enilr, and made a oontraty charge of assault against the constable, Peterson, with so niuoli circumstantiality that the Bench adjourned tho matter till this morning in ordor that it might be cleared up. Tho constablo ia his evi- dence swore that between 1 and 2 o'clock yester- day morning ho was ou duty in Argylo-streot, and saw tho defcudaut knocking at tho door of tho City of Norn ich publiclionso for about fivo miuutes, When told to desist he refused to go away until ho had another half-gallon of beor. Tho constablo Bnid thnt ho thoreforo arrested him, and brought him to the station. Cleary's tale was vory difforeut. He ndmittod knocking r.t the door, or at any rate did not deny it. He, however, did deny that the con- stable ariestcd him for doiug so, Baying that the officer, instead of arresting bim, struok him over the head three or tour times with a stick. Cleary pro- duced a blood-stained rag, which ho said was given him by two girls living at tho bael: of tho holol lo Btop tho bleeding from his head. Ho furthor said that he was advised to go down to the polieo station to complain of tho treatment. He did so, and on arrival at the door the coustablo pounocd upon him and said ho would oh argo him with disturbing tho peaoo. Mr. Andorson, tho holder of tho liconso of the City of Norwich, was sont for, but ho throw littlo light on tho oaso, as ho only saw Cleary knock- ing at the back door of his hotel, he himself hoing at an upstairs window, and did not admit him or seo bim taken into custody. To give the Superin- tendent of Polieo timo to onquire into the affair, and Cloary an opportunity to oall witnesses, tho caso was accordingly adjourned until this morning. No doubt Mr. Pedder will bo glad of tho chanco to fully sift tho matter to tho bottom, and will take all tho proper stops to havo this dono in a way that will bo satisfactory to tho public If the ohargo of assault is substantiated, ho will no doubt take stops to punish tho offendor, but if, on the contrary, it proves to bo only ono of the cowardly attaoks on a man's oharacter, it is to bo hoped ' the Bcuoh will moko suoh an example of Cleary, as will tend to protect tho polieo in future from this class of oalumny. .. ? City Police Court.-Tho Polioo Magistrate and Gonoral Irvine, J.P., presided at tho City Polioo Court yesterday morning. Miles Maguiro pleaded guilty to a charge of disturbing thapoaco publiolv, und was fined 10*. Oil. A similar clmrgo against a man namod Cleary waa denied by him, and ho made a clmrgo against the arresting constable which lod to the case being adjourned until Uiíh morning, for the production of further ovidonce, John Burns was charged by Mr. George Stuart, Visiting Officer of the Board of Education, with noglooting to sond his two ohildren to school. Tho offondor not ap- pearing, tho oaso was hoard ex parle, and on order was made by the Bonoh for tho children to bo sont to the Murray-street Free School. Another infor- mation, laid by Mr. Stuart against a man namod Jeffrey, was withdrawn, as the child hod been sont to school sinco the summons was served, and Mrs. Jeffrey, who appeared for her huiband, «»id the i I attendance would bo continued. Air. Tnrloton ox presaod a hopo that it would be, for the child's own good. William Marley waa charged by Superin-, tendent Pedder with harbouring his son, an absoonder from the Boys' Homo. Ho pleaded not guilty, and through au informality which was found to exist in tho w.irding of the information it was diaimsEcd. Edward McLoughlan was iiucd 5-!., for being absent from a vehicle which ho lind been driving in Bulhuist- street, and not having duo control over the animal drawing tho anne. Tho costs were remitted, in consideration of its being his first offence and his having expressed regret at tho oocurrenco. Cathcrino Franklin,«?;'«! Pound, pleaded not guilty to a chargo of using abusivo language to Mrs. Amiio Murray, in Livoipool-street, but tho faut? were clearly proved by tho complainant, nud a « itnes3 whom she callod, and in consideration of the unprovoked natme of the offence, and tho foul character of tho language used, a fine of 42a. and costs wa3 imposed, or, in default of payuiout, two mouths' imprisonment. Legal Examinations.-The January examina- tions in law, undcrthoBarristeisand Attorneys Act, v.oro | completed yesterday. Both the candidates wera successful in obtaining a pasa-Mr. Morton John Cecil Allport, of Roberts aud Allport'a office, nobait: mid Mr. Walter Croft, from tho offico of Mr. J. Powell, of Launceston. THE REPORTED DISCOVERY OF AN OLD COFFIN. In reference to the paragraph which appeared in yesterday's paper with respect to an alleged dis- covery of a coffin containing human remains, Mr. Swan, the Inspector of Police, has received a tele- gram to the effect that C.D.C. Armstrong visited North-West Bay and the Snug yesterday, and reports that nothing was known of a coffin contain- ing a body having been washed ashore at either place. SECOND-CLASS YACHT RACE.-A race for second class yachts will be sailed this afternoon, under the auspices of the Derwent Yacht Club, The follow- ing entries have been received :-Mr, A. E. Risby's Mischief, 4 tons, flag white, blue square in centre ; Mr. C. E. Webster's Kittiwake, 3 tons, flag blue, red Maltese cross ; Mr. E. H. Pearce's Aida, 3 tons, flag red. Cricket.-A matoh, Tonnu. Country, is to bo played on the Association ground on Regatta Day, Tuesday, Febiuary 8. Mr. F. G. Bailry has under- taken to get a country team together, aud the names of tho players on both sides will bo published in a day or two. The match between tho Welling- ton and Derwent clubs will bo resumed on the Association ground this afternoon. The state of tho gamo, is ¡-Derwent, first innings, 213; Wel- lington, 2' wickets for 3G. ' Tho moinbers of the Lefroy Club aro to meet to-day at 2 p.m. on the ground near the High School, for a scratch match. 'I ho Excelsior (and tho ground of tho former. Tun Starlings.-We mentioned a few days ngo that Dr. E. L. Crowther had recoived a hundred starlings from Now Zealand, and intended liberating them, as ho believes thoy will bo found very useful here. We are soi ry to say that somo have died since being lauded. One was yesterday killed by a . stone thrown'hy'à larrikin, and others havo suc- cumbed from this and other causes. Wo hope that somo effort will bo made to protect tho remaining birds. Most of thomnro strong enough tobe liberated, but if they aro to be killed by ruthless hands, then it would be better to keep them enclosed. Next session uo doubt Dr. Crowther «ill bring in a hill to protect the starling, but in tho meantime wo aro requested to nppenl to our readers to prevent, if possible, any attempt that may bo made to kill the birds. A reproof to boys throwing stones may havo effect. ' i Racing Forfeits.-Tho amount of £40 has boen paid into the hands of the Seorotary of the Tas- manian Jockoy Club hy the executors of tho late Mr. T. B. Clarke, boing the amount of forfeits duo on tho Sires' Produce Stakes at the last Elwick summer meeting, which race was wou by Mr. C. M. Lloyd's Marchioness. The money will be paid to Mr. Lloyd on his arrival in the colony. Rifle Association.-The sub-committees met last night, aud framed tho handicaps for next Mon- day's match at Macquario Point ; distances, 300, 400, and 450 yards. The conditions of the trophy and average medal competitions were fully discussed, and a full report will bo brought up nt the next weekly meeting of the Gonoral Committee. By ad vcitisement it will bo seen that entries for next Monday's match will be received up to G p.m. to- day. Tho rovised handicaps will be posted to-day. St. Lkon's Circus.-It ia notified that St. Lcou's circus will open in Hobart on Monday, February 7. The company is stated to bo a very good cne, com- prising a number of oycollont performers. Tho circus will travel through the country noxt week, spearing at Cunpboll Town on Monday and Tues- day, Oatlands on Wednesday and Thursday, and Greou Ponds on Friday. St. Joseph's Catholic ScnooL.-Yesterday the Bishop of Hobart, accompanied by tho Most Rov. Dr. Quinu, Bishop of Bathurst, aud Dr. Crane, of Sandhurst, Dr. Fitzpatrick, V.G., aud Dr. Corbett, V.F., both of Melbourne, the Donn of Launceston, the Rev. P. Corcoran (Maitland), tho Hov. P. Gleeson (Launceston), and the local clergy, paid a visit to the St. Joseph's Catholic Behool, under the managoment of tho Rev. M. J. O'Regnn, assisted by Mr. T. Mitchell. An address, read by Master II. Robinson, was presented to their Lordships on tho occasion, Aftor the address the pupils sang some Irish melodies in excellent style. Their Lordships expressed themselves highly pleased with their visit. Entertainment at St. Joseph's Schoolroom. A vory cnjoyablo literary outeitainment was given at St. Joseph's schoolroom, Mnoqnario-strcet, lost evoning, by Mr. James McClean, of St. Patrick's College, Molbnurno. There was a numerous attend- ance and tho Rev. P. R. Honnebry presided. Tho programme was of a most miscellaneous kind, embracing a variety of recitations, the production of English, American, and othor authors. The proceeds will be devoted towards repairing St, Peter's Hall. Trinity Church.-Tho annual mooting for the election of churchwardons for the paiish of Holy Trinity was held in the vestry yestorday ovening, under tho presidency of the incumbent, tho Rev. G. W. Shoobridge. Messrs. C. Grahame and W. Lovott wero re-elected pooplo's churchwardens without opposition, and Mr. II. W. Chapman was again chosen as minister's warden. The accounts for tho past year wore found to bo moro satisfactory than has been the caso for some time. . Sunday Services.-At St, George's Church, tho Rev. J. Barnier, of St. Barnabas' Church, Sydney, will preach in the morning ; and the Rev. E. G. Hodgson, Vice-principal of St. Paul's College, Sydnoy, in the evening. At St. Andrew's, the Rov. J. H. Shallborg will preach in tho morning ; and tho Rev. J. Scott in tho evening. At tho Town Hall, Mr. Thos. Spurgeon will hold a sorvico in the afternoon. At the Mariners' Church, the Rev, R. Mi Wobstor is oxpeoted to conduct service, at 3 p.m. mTiie " Gn'Aritio " i Christmas NusniER.-Tho publishers of tho Graphic nowspapor havo mado an enormous success with their splcudid Christmas number, tho special feature of which is tho re-pro- duction in facsimile of a painting hy Millais, enti- tled " Chorry Ripe," a worthy companion to Sir Joshua Reynolds well-known "Ponolopo." Wo havo to thank Messrs. J. Walch and Soub for nn early copy of this remarkably (¡no Christmas num- ber, the demand, for which bo far oxcooded the supply,' that 2s., and oven 2s. 6d. a copy, is being asked by the London nows-vondors. Publication.-Tho Skelcker this week gives a rathor nrotty glimpso of Launceston from tho east bank of tho Tamar; and a viow of the'intercolonial yacht raco, with tho Janet, nowin Hobait, rounding tho flag boat, Thoro aro a numbar of other interesting illustrations, and a portrait of tho Rev. Charles Strong. Sir Ahciiibald Michik's Lecture.-It has been ai ranged that tho looturo on "Ghosts and Appari- tions," by Sir Arohibald Miohie, shall tako place in the Town Hall on Monday next. We aie requested to state that the proceeds will bo dovotod to Church of England purposes. Mount Bischoff Co's. Mine.-A correspondent writes :-Thoro seoms to bo Bomothing hko popular impulso just now in tho purchase of Mount lÜBohoff Tin Mining Co's. shares. That this company's mines oro very rich and permanent is a matter of cortainty, but I do not think the " brown face" will last so long BB somo imagino, and I should uko it to bo dcfinil ely stated whether the alluvial deposit hero has boon bottomed ; and, if so, to what extent ? Hospital Cases -A boy named Charles Peters, aged 7 years, and a woman named Eliza Reynard, attended at the General Hospital yesterday, and had wounds, which they had sustained by falling down, dressed. Both accidents occurred in the streots. The woman is alleged to have been under the influence of liquor. An old man named Richard Romaine,' who had hoon bitten in tho jaw by a horco, also received ticatmont at the hospital. Tho wound was of a sovoro nature Tho man stated that ho was going towards tho Cornish Mount Inn, and whilo passing a h orso, it bit him. Mutiny.-A telegram from Auokland, dated January 17, published in tho Dunedin papers, says :-"Tho Ovala brings nowsfromRaratonga of the seizure of tho schooner ITammonio at l'ukapukn by tho mnto (Steiler), and tho cook (Ficht), who loft the ooptain ou tho ¡Bland. Tho natives on board overpowered the mutineers tho sooond day out, and returned tho schooner to tho captain. In the struggle Ficht received fatal injuries, and died the noxt day ¡ Stollor became delirious, and died sovcral days later. The schooner was at the time of the seizure trading off tho Dangar Islands. Captain Ellacott was ashore, and the mato,_ cook, and four nativo seamen wero aboard. On December 7, the captain sont a boat off with copra, expressing bia intention of coming on board and going to Mas'on Island. On tho boat then teaching tho ship it was hoisted up and tho vessel btood out to sea, to tho captaiu's astonishment. Five of the crow ware drugged with gin, and on awaking found tho island out of sight, and the vessol bound for Valparaiso. Tho natives wore dissatisfied, audoonopirod to over- power tho mato and cook ; at night thoy slackened tho jib halyards, and while the cook went forward to attend it thoy attacked tho mate and cook re- peatedly. Tho cook diod of injuries received in tho Btrugglo. Stollor was bound hand and foot with rope, Tho natives stoorod back for Danger Island. On December 10, three days after their doparluro, tho island was onoe more sighted. Thoso on shore observed the vessel, and when she como aloso they made her ont to be the Hanunonia, Captain Ellacott procured a canoe, and proceeded on board, accompanied hy James forster Harper, n resident who trades thoro for Henderson ami McFarlane, of Auckland, and found tho schooner in chargo of the crow, and the moto bound with ropes. Tho crow modo a statement similor in effect lo tho fore- going, and it was entered on the vessel's h'g hy Captain Ellacott, and witnessed by Harper. On tho following day the mato aiekeuul mid died dclirinua, being buried at sea. The enquiry 03 to tho deaths of fhe mato and cook waa held at Karatonga on Dooember 24, in tho presence of tho principal Euro- pean residents, and Captains Hornill, G.irray, Hack- work,.Risdon, Glassoraph, and Murray, Extracts from tho log-book similar in effect lo the slatomoi t above wore read, and the oiptaiu and tho crow ex- amined on oath. Tho ovidencc of Waka Uti and Porikipi was consistent and corroborativo. Tho Ilammonia is o fure- aiid-aft schooner of 02 tons, fly- ing the Bora Bora flag, and owned by Captain Ellacott." Fiji News.-From Auckland wo kain that tho Flirt brings Fiji news to January 8. Two labourers who arrived from tho Solomons at Levuka have been identified by Ward, tho survivor of tho massacre of the Borealis, ns having been on board on that occasion. A European has been barbarously murdered at Voibeao. The report saya tho victim of this nu trago having pulled tho tappa (head-dress) from ofT a chief, waa immediately struck down with an axe by the offended chief ami killed on tho spot. The Fiji Gazelle strongly opposes a subsidy to a line of steamet s between Now Zealand and Fiji. Miss Whiteside is to give a demonstration of superior household cookery, in the Alliance Rooms, ou Monday evening. Mrs. Hannaford, 148, Macquarie-streot, will resume her classes on Monday next. O'May'a steamers will run to and from the war- ships on Sunday afternoon. A Court to revise the lists of electora for Huon mid Franklin ia to bo held at Franklin on February 21. The concert advertised for Monday, in All Saints' schoolroom, has been postponed. 