THE NOVELIST. WAS IT MURDER ? fNTRGDOCTORY. 3BIN, GOODMLLOW. —William <H*rosj>. J clqoda obscured the morning ho»,|< :M<n and *tnr-Mewthe Unr blasts blast. I ilia* fell the cheerless Jfcower, ibtral tothe cUH we pamd: __ _ propitious to oar prayer, Gu^f^oin of a brighter day; The clouds tfiaperaed in purer air, —Thetflashln scphendiei away. —l-htd been - wandering ainoe moraing i •long the southern shores of that noblest t of Jut Australasian streams, the lovely I Derwent I cannot, exactly define the! spot; it Is better not to do so; but my | aint ^departure at daybreak was Hobart 1 f own,'ana I had roamed hither and thither I in a desultory manner, ovsr twenty miles. I I stopped often enough, now to look at a I delightful bit of landscape, and now to | extract a, to me, new foesn from the limestone, now seeking vainly to entrap a nondescript insect, anon to look wonder' ingly at a wayside flower, and at last to make a fough sketch of what I saw. Two comfortable villas, not more than half-a-mile apart Each with trimly-kept lainrbefore u, sloping towards the silvery I 'river, spread out here almost to a sea. ( Around, a tolerably wide expanse of I cleared land, laid ;out in cornfields and I mture. Behind, the lion of Hobart 1 Town—the gigantic Mount Wellington— wood-clothed almost to its summit, dark and sombre. Close to, and bathed by the water, a mass of precipitous rock. I •elected such a point of view for my skotch that. this last-named object formed the £6^rO(tod | lawM, villas, fields, woods, and mountains falling harmoniously into their several places in the near, middle, fcnd far distance. I had not sketched more than half-anhour when I became aware of someone looking over my shoulder and surveying my work. " I beg pardon," said the new- comer. "Nay, was my reply, "it is I who ought to apologise* "Why so?" " I am a tresspasser, bat the romantic nature of the spot charmed me. That rock, the villas, and the view were to me irresistible, and I felt almost compelled to attempt their outline upon paper." " If you knew their history you would be still more excusable." VWhat! are there, then, legends attachable to objects in this part of the world? I thought the country was as yet too new for that" " Perhaps so. it may be, the story being my own, I somewhat overrate it; and yet, I never look on that^ scene without feelings of a kind not easily defined." " Indeed ?—you interest me." "jQo you know I once saw what I deemed to be an angel standing on that point there; and afterwards close upon the same spot, became actually restored to I life and the world, after having bidden both farewell, as I thought for ever.** " The Btory must be an interesting one." 1 1 A sad one; and awful one I A story of by-gone days, thank heaven." "The scene is fair enough for a story of quite another class." "God permitted evil to enter into paradise. Whoever writes fictions founded •apon early Tasmanian history will have to write, as it were, with blood, and not I with rose-water. little as you may think it, I was once a " bright-eyed girl of about twenty summers came up at that moment, at-1 tended by a gentleman, it might be three ,• years her senior ; and, interrupting _ the I speaker, I was about to bow and take my ] departure. "No, no; not yety said my newlyfound friend, " night is coming on, and I I doubt whether yen will find better quarters I by going further; at all events you must I allow me to offer you a bed, and perhaps, I as you are so much interested in it, I may 1 tell you a little more about the rock, and I what has happened there." ] I accepted the invitation readily. It was another proof, of which I had had many, of the far-famed Tasmanian hospitality being no mere fiction of the present, or departed with past times. Our company that night consisted of my entertainer, a venerable-looking, yet hale and hearty, old gentleman, of about sixty; his partner, bearing the traces of what must once have been beauty of no mean order; the happy pair, whom I speedily judge 1 to be lovers; and myself. A more exquisite abode of taste I have seldom seen in the old country. " What a place to spend the last, or all th« days of life," I mentally ejaculated. And yet, if the road hereto had been clearly mapped beforehand, is there one amongst us who would not pause ere setting out upon a journey leading to even such a paradise?" What the road had been my host can tell you better than myself. " I told you," said that person, " or at least I began to tell you, that I was once a , and there broke off—fortunately, perhaps, for, had I only gone a word further, we might have been refused the pleasure of your company to-night. I will not shock you by mentioning the objectionable noun substantive; you will easily guess what it would have been as I go along." And thereupon the old gentleman began his story, almost in the very words which are here set down. CHAratB I. Bat thou dost leave thy memory, like a ghost, To haunt the rained heart, which still recurs To former gladness; and the desolate Is doubly sorrowful when he recalls He was not always desolate.—L.E.L. It would be difficult to find anyone who has loved more devotedly, it may be faid, frantically, than I loved Ellen. Perhaps it is the duration of our attachment, perhaps the crosses we had to bear, or what I at one time passed through indirectly as a consequence of this my first and only passion, but in any case my devotion experiences no diminution after long years; and now that she has been for nearly the third of a century my -bnt let me not anticipate ; her fate and mine will be made known as the story is developed. We lived near each other, in the same English village. I was four years her senior, and we bad been attached from childhood. The nurse held her out for me to kiss ere two hours old, and both her friends and mine looked forward from a very early period of our several lives to a period ,when our childish loves of Ellen and myself should ripen into an engagement of a far more serious character. Ellen, I believe, never changed any more than 1 did myself, but a serious quarrel between her father and my own estranged us for a time. Owing to the absence of the family I did not see her years, and on our meeting casually after her return I found the interesting little school-girl of my boyish fancy had grown into the lovely woman of eighteen summers. We did not speak. It is not certain whether she even BSW me at the time; and, had she done so, such was the bitter feeling subsisting between our respective families, I am not sure whether she wouid have even have given me a glance of recognition. I feared this would be the case, and the terrible thought robbed me of peace, as would have done a haunting phantom. My looks at her were taken by stealth. To all appearance I avoided her, though in reality, I followed her footsteps as pertinaciously as did her own shadow. I saw her wooed by others, who seemed to lie well-favored, by her friends at least. Among those who seemed to be her especial favorites, was ayoung gentleman named WaUaefauB. He was of abont her own age, slightly built, and evidently of a hlgMy aervouB temperament; a man »p*ble <fcwild and impetyous feeling, nkagnanimous ntagnanimous actions, perhaps, bnt liable to be irritated, or it may be, alarmed into conduct the most inconsistent with his true character. His hair was of a light, somewhat of a golden hue, and nearly straight. His features were well-chiselled and deeply expressive, the more so that they were at that time altogether uncovered by either beard or whisker. In this he presented a striking contrast to me, for my hair was iet black and curly, my beard WAS naturally thick and bushy, and, in consequence of a deep scar disfiguring my left cheek, I wore it long, and altogether antouched by razor or scisson—a fashion almost unknown at that period. The fact of my having adopted the hirsute appendages, common enough now, seemed to have, caused a greater change in me, on pining from boy to manhood, than manifests itself in more than a few individuals. Whether it might be attributed to the scar, which, being a striking point in my physiognomy, had been moBt observed, and was the peculiarity upon which, in attempting to identify me, all attention came to be centred, or not, I cannot say: but certain it is, that after growing my beard, some A of * my most intimate —" acquaintances failed to recognise me, and declared that should it be my wish to disguise myself effectually, I had only to shave in order to accomplish my purpose beyond the power of most men to detect the individual under the two different aspects. I mention this because the misery which I subsequently endured appeared to have been greatly prolonged m consequence of what my friends said having proved true. Among many nvals this Walsingham, I said, appeared the favorite. I even heard that the preliminaries for the marriage, as soon as the contracting parties should came of age, were already nearly arranged. He was of good family, welleducated, of unimpeachable character, and by all that could be seen, eminently fitted to be accepted as Ellen's husband. I looked on and saw all this, enduring the greater agony as a consequence of the tender feelings which had once subsisted between us, that is, Ellen and myself. Had I been rejected by her after a definite proposal, it is quite probable that I might have borne the disaepointment with more resignation. As it was, I could but think that the happinness of both of us had been sacrificed because of a quarrel with which neither felt any sympathy whatever. I one day saw Walsingham drive past with Ellen in a tandem, and, as had long come to be my custom, I followed them at a distance; I scarcely knew why. The road tbey took lay apart fron the highway and ran across some wide-spreading downs, alongone boundary of which there extended a long and steep eBcaipment, evidently an old cliff line, worn by the surgeB of some pre-Adamite ocean. On the verge of this cliff I sat me down to rcBt To gaze into the dizzy depths below now suited my moody fancy. I almost wonder I did not spring down into them, so despairingly had I come to look upon my life ana fate in general. Whilst (seated thus, my reverie was put an end to by loud screams, uttered at no great I distance. On turning my head I saw that 1 the horses, attached to the tandem con- I tuning Walsingham and Ellen, had taken fright, and rashing at a fearfal pace to 1 wards where I stood. Ellen's companion was not a skilful driver, and had lost all command of both animals for some time. I had never entertained much respect for his nerve, but you may guess my disgust at seeing him scramble over the back of the vehicle, and drop down, leaving Ellen to her fate. I do not think the act resulted from either cowardice or want of feeling, but was probably the consequence of a sudden panic seizing upon a highly wrought and sensitive imagination. Such he said was years afterwards, and, to do him justice he strained every nerve again to overtrke and stay the progress of his startled cattle, but without other effect than alarming them still further. I do not know how it was accomplished, but I remember myself clinging with frantic energy to the leading hofse, whom I had succeeded in turning at right angles to that of the cliff to one running nearly parallel with it. I had almost congratu lated myself that all danger had now been passed, when I remembered that barely a quarter of a mile farther on, the cliff line was broken up by a deep ravine, the sides of which were nearly as precipitous as the main part of the cliff itself. To think of turning the animals again seemed hopeless. My only trust lay in causing the fall of the leader, but up to two-thirds of the intervening distance my object could not be accomplished. My strength, too, seemed fast leaving me.. Only a bare two hundred yards were now between us and the dreaded point; but to hold on even for this distance seemed almost beyond my power. Even the favour of dying with the girl I loved was now denied me. The two humdred yards had become fifty, and the horses almost flew. One minute more, I thought, and all will be ever with us both; at least shell know of my devotion, and with her last glance look upon my love. At that instant I felt my grasp relax. A mist seemed to pass before me. The ground seemed to open at ray feet. I fell I knew not how far, but remember at last receiving a severe shock. I had reached the bottom of the cliff, I thought Then all became dark, still, and quiet as the grave. I had, as I believed, been dashed to pieces. What would I have given to have closed my eyes in death with a consciousness of my darling's fate. I woke to find myself being carried along over the downs upon a litter. The docter had hold of my wrist, and Ellen's father was by my side. " Nobly done, my boy," said the father, tears brimming in his eyes. " You have won your old love back again. You have 'saved her life, and may laugh at all her rivals now." "She is safe then?" " Yes, and without a scratch." "But how was it tell me? I had thought that we had both gone over the precipice * " You were within ten yards of doing so, when you and the leader fell together. His fall caused that of the other horse. Ellen was able to spring out, and suffered so little injury that she ran back and rendered you some assistance as you lay insensible on the ground a few yards from where both horses fell." I had sustained a fracture of the ribs, and of the small bone of my arm, I found; but what was that, enjoying as I did the consciousness of Ellen's love, her sweet presence ever by me, and a knowledge that no obstacle whatever stood between us, nor might have stood there, had not fate or providence, which you will, interposed yet other obstacles of which no one ever dreamed. CHAPTER II. "Do you find the prisoner guilty or not guilty."—Crier of the Court. Get well, get well again, my dear boy," said Ellen's father, pressing my hand some fortnight or so after the accident. "Only let me see you able to drive a tandem half as clever as that fellow, Walsingham, and resign the reins of Ellen to yon for life." And he wonld have done so, no doubt, but that before the time occurred, near as appeared, the old man had resigned the reins of all earthly things, and retiring to his room seemingly with all his wonted health and strength, had been found lying on his pillow one morning cold and dead And Ellen, being an orphan and under age, was surrendered to the care of two guardians, one of whom, by her father's will, made a few weeks previous to our reconciliation, was no other than the mother of my late rival. The ultimate result of this could not be very serious. Ellen lacked three years of her majority, and until then she could only many by consent of the persons to whose care she had been consigned ; but that period over, there remained no comjralsory clause whatever to prevent her forming any alliance she might choose. The danger lay not in compulsive but in persuasive measures that might be brought to bear. In fact, even to the length of absolute deceit, Mrs. Walsingham was known to excel. As an heiress alone, Ellen would be no bad acquisition to any family, and one might depend that no stone would be likely to be left unturned by the mother in securing her son a bride so especially eligible on that sole account Our wedding had, therefore, been postponed from month to month, as it appeared, with the ultimate hope that it might be avoided altogether. Walsingham was, of course, often at his mother's house, even oftener than I could be there myself. His suit, it is true, seemed hopeless; but he persevered and urged it still, although in a disguised manner, and through the medium of his mother's influence over her ward. From this cause the course of my own love did not run with invariable smoothness. There never was a Woman who, at some time or another, did not seek to show her lover she conld be independent of him if she chose; and Ellen, like all her sex, played off her handsome lover, Walsingham, against her affianced one, my humble self. It was during one of these little freaks, let me call them of her's, that both her admirers were left, in no enviable frame of mind, in the ante-room of a public ball given at the county town. My rival felt annoyed at the thought that his case seemed hopeless, whilst my own feelings were irritated by a little harmless flirtation in his favour. Both, under the circumstances had drank rather more freely than was our wont The train was laid cleverly enough. It needed but small tact on the art of the " author of all mischief " to Eindie it, and destroy the peace of more than one person for many years. A look of ill-suppressed contempt on the part of Walsingham ; a similar significant glance on my part; a taunt, lialfnnuttered, by either party; and, in less time than this is told, words were spoken, which, on my port, would not have been uttered again for worlds. In a moment of weakness I taunted Walsingham with his conduct in leaving Ellen perish upon the occasion of my having rescued her from destruction. I had long come to regard what he then did in that which was most likely its true light; but bate, disappointment, and brandy maddened me at the time, and knowing the same to be my adversary's weak point, I thereat attacked him. The lie given to me in return was so direct and pointed, that losing all command of temper, I struck the speaker in the face. He closed with me instantly, and we struggled together in the centre of the apartment In such a place a scuffle of this description could not fail to be quickly terminated. A score of persons ran up to separate us, and we were severally expelled the room. Next day Walsingham waited upon me at the hotel. He confessed that in doing so, his conduct might appear somewhat out of rule, but pleaded that as it was our own quarrel, he, at leaBt wished to compromise no one but ourselves. He proposed a meeting on the evening of the next day, in a wood near my own residence, and warned me to come fully prepared, as on his part, the object of the encounter was a deadly one. I objected for a moment, but a taunt of cowardice silenced me, and under a foolish and mistaken notion of honor, I consented to engage in what promised to be a duel murderous as any upon record. Retnrning home, I made use of the few remaining hours to put my affairs in order as much as possible. I wrote out a short will, bequeathing the little property held by me, as a younger son, to Ellen and one or two friends to whom I thought myself trifiingly indebted, leaving my letters and papers in a position such that they could not fail to be seen and opened should I not return within a couple of days. This done, I set out on my horrible mission. More than one reckless robbery had been committed in the neighborhood during the previous fortnight; and only the day before a mansion, at about three miles distant, had been plundered of an immense quantity of family plate and iewelleiy; so that, supposing that it had been noticcd, the fact of my going out armed with pistols would not have struck any of the domesties as being at all singular circumstance. I remember, even now, how vividly every little incident occurring the walk of that eventful second September, 18—, became impressed upon my memory. T remember the calm beauty of the land scape, lit up by the warm light of the declining sun. I remember the hues of autumn beginning to tinge the leaves of the forest, and compared this peaceful decline of the outgoing year with what I knew might be my own premature exit in the very heyday of youthful life and vigor. As showing how small things of the moment engrossed my attention, I remember a bird singing in the adjacent hedge row ; a troop of butterfles chasing each other over a newly-reaped harvestfield. I remember, too, turning aside from the pathway on hearing a low thundering sound coming from an adjoining thicket, and walking for a hundred yards into the wood, finding a man digging a deep hole beneath the shadow of -an overhanging beech-tree. He did not see me, but his furtive glances plainly told of the work being engaged in surreptitiously. It came into my mind that the labour witnessed might be traceable to some smuggling transaction; then, that it might have a remote connection with the recent burglaries; and I secretly resolved on visiting the spot next day in hopes that I might secure a prize. Whilst Burmising this the further thought came to me that the excavation seemed strangely like grave, and I mentally recurred to my probable fate ere midnight. A few minutes afterwards I met a man, who was certainly wrapped up more than the temperature of the evening warranted. In his hand he carried a tolerably large bundle. I gave him good-night, but he did not answer me. I remember—I, who was then engaged in an undertaking likely£to terminate in the death of a fellow-creature —uttering an exclamation against such a display of ill-nature. A litle later, and I saw Walsingham. He was first at the spot, and a smile, as of pride, consequent upon bis being so early on the field, played upon his features. We bowed stiffly, and at once proceeded to arrange preliminaries. Not having seconds, a match was laid to a smtll heap of gunpowder, and at the explosion each was to fire from his station. (To be continued.) 