BEFORE THE CURTAIN. AT the Q u e e n's Thea tre Mr. Dew- hurst has beenenter- jt a i ni ng very large audiences during the week by his mas terly im- p e r s ona- tions of Shakes- perian charac ters. Among those in which he has appeared to greatest ad- vantage have been "Othello," " Iago," and " Shy lock." Mr. Punch has witnessed all his performances with profound enjoyment. There is in his style a most refreshing freedom from restraint, and he acts as if he was thoroughly imbued with the truest spirit of the rSle sustained. His Othello was majestic and of due dignity, and in Iago he displayed a fine conception of the arch-hypocritic character. Both representations were so admirable that it would be hard to decide which was the better. Following up this success Mr. Dewhurst played Richard III. with spirit and force, and gave some semblance of life to the exaggerated character Colley Cibber was so proud of. After this came Shylock, and Mr. Dewhurst made one of his best impressions by the manner in which he carried into effect a fine conception of the part. The scenes with the Christian merchant, and those in which he tells of his losses, were splendid exampfes of his style ; and the court scene was rendered as it has seldom been seen here before. Mr. Dewhurst's latest assumption was Petruchio, and this character was sustained throughout with a captivating vivacity. " The Lady of Lyons " and " Macbeth " are to be his next pieces. "Les Cloches de Corneville " has given place to " Girofl6- Girofla " at the Opera House. Miss Emma Wangenheim has a congenial role in the twin sisters, and she enters into the spirit of the part with an evident enjoyment which readily communicates itself to the audience. She sings the music with very graceful effect, and acts with great and enjoyable animation. The prima donna is efficiently supported by Mr. Bolton, who has a fine tenor voice, making a capital Marasquin ; Mr. Kelly, a fierce and tyrannical Mourzouk ; and Miss Fraser supports him well as Aurore. The humour of the opera is well developed. Mr. N. J. Wilson has painted some beautiful scenery to complete the success. To-morrow night Lecocque's popular opera, "La Fille de Madame Angot," is to be produced. Mr. Frederic Maccabe, an actor standing out with great pro minence in his profession, has devised in " Begone Dull Care" an entertainment of sterling merit. It does indeed afford an antidote to despondency, and occasions the heartiest amusement. Mr. Mac cabe is before his audience all through this performance, and so far from giving them too much of a good thing, his final exit is made amid expressions of general regret. The spectators only get tired of laughing. If there is any truth in the advice about laughing to get fat, and granting that all Sydney has heard or will hear Mr. Maccabe's entertainment, obesity is certain to be a characteristic of the nation in the future. Punch feels confident upon this point from personal experience. Among the entertainments to which the amusement-seekers of Sydney look forward with the most pleasurable anticipations, the best known is the St. Vincent's Hospital Ball. This took place on Tuesday evening, and was in every way a marked success. The Exhibition Building was gaily decorated, and the varied fancies of the costumes, together with the stirring strains of the music, formed an effect of an enchanting description. All the arrangements were as perfect as could be wished, and no complaint of any kind marred the harmony of the proceedings. Next week the new Victoria Hall, Castlereagh Street, as now com pleted, is to be thrown open for the first time to the public. The Hall has been tastefully decorated, and it is likely to become a very favourite place of resort. The initial entertainment will be provided by Mr. D'Arcy Reid. Mr. Reid's celebrated " Ghosts " have made themselves very agreeable companions on many occasions before. Their return should be heartily welcomed. The Go-as-you-Please contest at the Hippodrome, in the Hay- market, has gone as every one pleased so far. The various com petitors are hard at work, and the chief interest of this peculiar entertainment is rapidly becoming apparent. The Bicycle contest which was previously announced will not come off, as there have been no Sydney entrances for it. :si The gaiety of the Gaiety Theatre is temporarily under a cloud. This favourite little house is undergoing extensive alterations and improvements, and it is shortly to be re- opened under even more favourable auspices than ever. Mr. Dampier will probably be the first to occupy the boards. "Olivette" makes way for "Madame Favart " this week, Offenbach's Opera being produced for the first time on Saturday night. On Wednesday Afternoon a miscellaneous and very attractive entertainment is to be given at the Theatre Royal for the benefit of the widow of the late Marcus Clarke. Among those to assist are the Opera Company, Miss Godfrey, Mr. John Dewhurst and troupe, Mr. Fred. Maccabe, Mr. W. Reynolds, and nearly every prominent pro fessional artist now in Sydney. Mr. Punch heartily wishes the affair succss. 