FRIDAY, JULY 22. Thebe is no stronger proof of the reality of that ' solid phalanx' on the Minis terial side of the Assembly, which the Premier so frequently boasts of, than is afforded by the ostentatious and defiant manner in which Ministers, as often as it suits their purpose, repudiate past professions, and treat with scorn and contempt all pretentions to consistency of conduct. Eor open, barefaced un scrupulousness, when they have a purely party object to serve, the present Ministry stand unsurpassed in the annals of Queensland parliamentary history, Nothing approaching to it has ever been witnessed in this colony before, and the ' Bolid phalanx' seem rather to glory in the audacity of their leaders in this respect. The maxim which the Ministerial party appear to have adopted as their rule of conduct is that 'the end justifies the means,' aud any means are justifiable which serve to keop the voting power of the party intact. 'We have of late given numerous instances of this. Nearly every sitting of the House affords a fresh proof. On Wednesday night the solid phalanx decided that it was unnecessary to discuss the Minis terial policy or the administration during the. recess before adopting the Address in reply to the Vice-regal Speech, expressing tacit approval of that policy aud of the administration during the recess. One member of the phalanx after another got up and assured the Assembly that, however much the matter referred to might be debated, and whatever might be proved agaiast the Ministry, it would not inaue the slightest difference to the voting, so far as they were concerned. No doubt they were perfectly can did, and this was the all-sufficient reason why any debate on the subject would be a waste of time, except as a record. It is abundantly evident that the members composing the solid phalanx have made up their minds to support the Ministry in the same unreasouing manner throughout the session. They may, with equal truth affirm of all the Ministerial pro posals submitted, that whatever debates may take place on them it will not make the slightest difference in the voting, so far as they are concerned. But, if mere protest is all that is left for the members of the Opposition, it is none the less their duty to the colony to make protests against wrong doing on the part of the Ministry, and to expose' flagrant acts of inconsistency und unscrupulous support out of the public funds of political partizans. It is equally our duty as independent journalists to keep our readers informed, as far as we are able, of the true char acter of these Miuisterial proceedings. Another case of the kind has juafc been brought to light. On the 23rd of September laBt, scarcely ten months ago, the present Postmaster- General moved in the Assembly the following resolution, which was warmly supported by the Minister for Lands and the Minister for 'Works, and carried without a division : — . Thitt this House is of opinion that, with the exception of the officers of the iiegi-.latiTo Council and Legislative Assembly, no mombcr of either branch of the Legislature, other than those holding Ministerial office, should receive payment for services performed on behalf of the Executive Government. . In speaking to his motion, Mr. Mobe head is reported in ' Hansard ' to have given the following,: among other rea sons, why it should be carried : — ? There were many reasons why the motion should be agreed to. The fir at reason was that it would relieve the Government of a great amount of trouble — of that he waa quite cor. eaiu. If a Uorermne&t; were in a position to say to a legal supporter who wanted briefs Or bills to draft that they were debarred by a resoludon of the Houte from giving the work to him it would b.1 a good thing:. On the other hand, the passing of suoh a resolution would re lieve many hon. members of the imputation or the impression that they went into the House for the purpose of receiving money from tho Govern ment ? He maintained that the Bar bad been so strengthened within, the last year or two that there were plenty, of. barristers out side the House who oould be obtained to do Government work, and who were ^uite oompe tent and ablo to do it ? By his re volution leuat members were- not prohibited from accepting fees from the Grown, bnt if his motion were agreed to the- principle would apply to legal an well an to lay members. He conceived that they would- be taking a stop in the right direction if they removed the liability tp inducements being offered to a member whioh would lead him to aot as be would not have acted had not those inducements been offered. They had facto before them yean by year which showed that hia contention w«» a good aad sound one. With' much more to the same effect. Tet Parliament could' not have been prorogued niany weeks before the Ministry, including the Minister; for Lands and the Minister for Works, of course, coolly ate their own words and set at naaglit the resolution of the House, which they had so warmly sup nnrtedbvemnlovinjr n.le«nl member, whvi happened to bo a staunch supporter of theirs, to draft bills and do something at the statu'es ; for tho latter work he has already received £200, and the Premier refuses to say how much more ho is to get for the job. For the present the further remuneration is like the sign x in Algebra — an unknown quantity. Whether the amount depends upon the good behaviour of the hon. and learned member, or upon the value of his vote on a critical division, or the amount of labour be can yet bestow upon the statutes, are interesting ques tions which the general public are never likely to get answered. All they know or are Jikely to know about the matter is that this hon. and learned member is being paid public money for doing work which the Assembly last session affirmed by resolution should not be done by legal members ; and that the pre sent Postmaster- General moved that resolution, and the present Min ister for Lands and the Minister for Works warmly supported it. There is but ouo term by which conduct like this ' '?' , ' ' ---,---'? ? .._, ? can be properly designated, and a Minis try not supported by a solid phalanx, the voting of which is not influenced in the slightest degree by debate, would not dare to act in such a manner. But the present Ministry can so act with perfect impunity, and the phalanx will be ready, at a moment's notice, not only to defend it but to eulogise the Ministry for their courage and spirit in so acting in favour of one of their own supporters. Already the Courier, adopting that 'judicial tone' it invari ably assumes when the present Ministry are in need of outside support to help them over a difficulty, 1ms discovered an ample excuse, if not justification, for the Miuistry, in their employment of Mr. P. Coopee in defiance of a resolution of the House, and the cordial support some of them gave to that resolution. Our eminently 'judicial' contemporary savs : — It is true that during last session a declara tory motion referring to this subject was introduced by Mr. Alorehead, and passed through the Legislative Assembly after little discussion without division. But that motion simply expressed an opinion and, according to the best authorities, did not bind llinitterr. after the close of the session. The motion was defective in two ways. It affirmed that some thing, not then prohibited either by law or cuHtom, ought not to be done, but it did not invite the ooncurrence of the co oniinate branch of the Legislature, nor did it affirm the desirableness of dealing with the subject by means of a bill. And it suggests the propriety of Mr. Griffith bringing in a bill or ' com pelling' the Government to bring one in to remedy the fatal defect in Mr. Mobehead's ' declaratory' motion of last year ! Our contemporary, in an ultra- judicial tone, conveys the im pression that such a bill would pass. It would, if Mr. Griftith could compel the Ministry to bring in such a measure ; but, as our respected contemporary is well aware, that is simply impossible. The 'solid pha lanx,' of which Mr. M'Ilweaith is so proud, and not without reason, would howl Mr. Griffith down if he were to attempt such a thing. And the Courier would adopt its 'judicial tone' and find abundant reasons why the phalanx were fully justified in howling him down on that particular occasion, no matter how he proceeded. That is the mischief of it. But where does morality come in either in the action of the Government or the extenuations and special pleading of our contem porary ? The Hra-OB-Mtas Gold minino Company. — The direotors of the Hit-or-Miaa Gold-mining Company have resolved to limit the present issue of Bhares without premium to 15,000. The share list will close on the 26th instant, when the company will be registered,, and work commenced on behalf of the company.. PoruxAB. SciBriOB.— Dr. Simms delivered a very interesting and instructive lecture on the Lipu, Mouth, and Kara, at the Methodist Church in Ann-Btreet, last evening. These lectures aie growing in popularity as our oitizens learn' their value. LaBt evening Aldermen Babbidge and Payne were described on the platform, with other well-known oitizens. The lecture to night will be en the skin, neck, shoulders, aud forehead, with, directions for the improvement of ihe memory. ! Bbnkmt to Mb. Bent. — We remind our readers that tho complimentary benefit ten dered to Mr. W. Horace Bent will take place tbis evening; in. the Theatre Boval. The pro gramme comprises ballads, selections, duets, comical, songs, and amusing farce*, all of which will ba Tendered by well-known uma teurs or professionals. The entertainment should prove an enjoyable one, und a good house muy therefore be anticipated. Qukenslani). Hiflr ASSOCIATION.— A meeting of this association was held on Wednesday evening at the Brigade Office, Major Mooro in the chair. A letter from the Xevv douth Wales Bine Association was read, inviting: a team to represent this colony to visit Sydney inNovem ber, and the oounoil decided to call a special meeting of the members nnd submit the matter for their consideration. It was stated that one target, at any rate, for practice at l,00O'yards will be available on Saturday week at the ; Akothku Imndvation. — A School of Arts has been established at Cleveland, which will be a Bubjeot of; sinaere regret to many persons who. have hitherto regurded that quiet little watering place as a safe retroat from worry and excite ment of any Uind ; a place where one .oould dress us shabbily and be as utterly lazy, as he pleased, without danger of exciting unfavour able comment by the natives, or anybody else. Just the place- for a brain- weary jotunulist to bide away, in for a fortnight or three weeks out ofreaoh of nswBpapure, magazines, or books of any,£ind^. therefore affording the best of all exouses for not reading Cleveland :\»as in its prime years ago, when there was only, one coach a. week from Brisbane, and no chuiob, ohapel, or. anything of the kiod. When, tho coach began to ran twioe a week, the residents built a church. When two cc«ohes wero-put on the road they built another; and now thin Sohool of Aria- with its flics of newspapers,, magazines,, and circulating library is anotherorushing blow. It ib tho beginning o£ the end oft the old stata oi things. By and by the old visitors to Cleve land will be ovor ma. by orowds.of noisy, well; dresied, highly respectable people— just as tbsy are it tboy venturedown to Sandgate, and tbe old, qoiet, free-and-easy, Sunday-every-day- of , the-veek sort of oxistonoe will ba banished . for 'avee. ; i Fbofbbsob Fusrub. — What old Londonac is these who will fail to recall tho joys afforded htza in hia youth, by that dear old Polyteohnio 'ntttifcnr.inn P A.Tirl whnrjin.rfiPJl.il t.lift PnlTjtnMinin without associating Professor Pepper with it * It »eems quiio unnatural that there should have been a severance- of tbe two inetiiiutioriB, however temporary. Professor Peppar has afforded mare universal pleasure than probably any other entertainei of tho time. Be is not tho ordinary showman, but u scientist, who deprives ooionco of all its dryne.is, and makes it attractive and popul'ir. Professor Pdppor's exporiinontB aro something to recall with great gratification, and wo congratulate our readers heartily on tho fuct that they are about to have -i taste of the Profeuaor's quality. Peppor, it is well known was the inventor of, and gave his name to, ihe ghost whioh has startled poople all ove? the world, but ho dooH not on this occasion intend to go in for the ghost buuinenB which, it moat bo admitted, is pretty wull playod out. Ho pnts forward u inoat tornptiug programme for his first entertaiument at tho Theatre Boyal to-morrow night. It is entitlod 'Six Nights at tho Polytechnic ;' tho first part consisting of' Light find optics,' with Btrikinglllustrations and experiments. Part two will illustrate torpedo warfare, ' with Bturtlinp; offeota'— thiB recalls tho Polyteohnio — aud the ovening will conclude with Boole's curious optical illusion of the dancing skoloton. From, a previous dalight ful acquaintance with Professor Peppor, we oarnootly recommend everybody to pay him a visit to-morrow evening. Bis etaj here iq limited to a WOQk, 