Music and the Drama. WK have not been favoured with many musical novelties during the.week. The Drum Major'a Daughter baa taken the place of Mátame Favart at the Boyal, and the member* of the Quintette Club, from Boston, are no longer étrangère bnt rather old friends. We have attend ed a number of their concerts, and the oftener we have heard the better wo liked them. It is true their programme displayed a consider- able amount of repetition, but the pieeea were all of excellent quality, and tho performance was always so musicianly and magnificent that they might be repeated again and again without -Bating the appetite. Wo have already expressed on» opinion of their abilities as musical exécu- tants, and nothing haa ocourred to recall anything said on the aobjeot. lt may possibly happen, although we bavf no authority for saying BO, that when tho Quintette finishes engagements elsewhere, they may again visit Sydney for a short season, and should they do BO we can assuio them that thoy will bo weloome The Opera House opens on next Monday night for a Bhort season of opera. Mr. and Mrs Turner and the prinoipal part of the company that sang with thoBO artiata' at the Gaiety reoently will Çroduee "Faust" on Monday evening, " Luoia" on 'uesday, and "Trovatore" on Wedneaday. The aeaaon ia announced for one week only. With auoh a company of artista, and auoh a skilled firat lady as Mis. Turner, and a splendid tenor like Mr. Turaer, anything like failure or bad muaiq ia not to ho thought of. \- Turning our attention away from the musical events oeourring in our eity, we find that many notable ohanKes have taken place elaewhere, and amongst these the production of a novel and original opera ia perhapa the moat notable, This work, composed by the Baron Bodog D'Orczy, and entitled "The Benegad, or ll Einnegato," waa produced at Her Majeaty'a Theatre, London, on the Otb. of last July. Although selections from thia opera have boen produced in Featb, .London, and various continental cities, yet this waa the fi ist complete production ol the work. The " Orchestra" givea the following precis of the plot :-" The opening aoene ahowa na the Hungarian soldiers, all wearing the badge of the Bed Cross, making morry in their camp outside the walls of Buda. The repeated calline of the troops .becomes known by the fanfare, of whioh frequent uso ia made. Barnabas is among tho soldier, but ia not of them, for he Bits apart, taking little heed of the revelling, his mind being oocupied with move aerioua matter. He yields to the demands of hie comrades, and, seizing a oap, ainga wildly in praise of love and wine. Elemer now appears with Dora, hia betrothed; but for whom Barnabaa indulges a hopeless pasaion. We are next to suppose that Barnabas ia looking "With the hungry «yo ot unrequited love after Dora, the maidon upon whom be has aet hia affections, but who has neither love! nor reapeot for him. Tho Turka require a spy, and some of thom, watching the disappointed Barnabas, take¡theoppor- tunity of insinuating into his-mind the-advantages of renouncing his faith and embracing Moalemism ; for in that case he would be able easily to obtain poss ' session of the woman he adores. Hie friendly enemies explain the way in which it ia tobe done, and advise , him as to the oourae he ia to pursue. . He muet ab- jure hia religion, and, by BO doing, he would become powerful, honoured by the Sultan, gain possession of the woman he aosiros, and revenge himself upon hie hated rival. Thia combination of temptations is too great for him to resist ; ho tear's tho sign of his faith from his breast, forswears his belief, and cpneenta to become a Turk. At a sign from the Moelom leaders the renegade is orowned with a turban and lea in triumph to tho Sultan. This incident . eloaea the first aot. In the second act Barnabas viaits hie mother in his Turkish dress, and gains from, her the secret plan by whioh Vertooav, the. Governor of Hungary, höpoa to freo hia country from Tnrkiah misrule. Barnabas, seeing Dora, renews hia offora of love, but ia repulsed, and ia forced to retire, vowing revenge. The third aot opens in the place of the I cathedral at Buda. Barnabaa, still determined to slay Eloiner, hia rival, places in ambush oortain Turkish soldiers to aesiat him ; and thinking upon his love for Dora, ia seized with remorse. Tho ghost of hiB father appears enveloped in flames, urRing him to avenge hia murder. Eleraer ia attacked and Blain after hia marriage with Dora, whom Barnabas had in vain endeavoured , to carry away. Whon the brido learns the news of tho death of her husband aha takoa the veil. Barnabaa once more beoomes renegade, thia time forsaking the Turkish faith. The angela above rojoioo at his con- version, but tho Truka enter, and seeing him in tho attitude of prayer, and to all outward appearance a Chriatian, they strangle him, ho dieu, and the our* tain falls." The music of the opera ia said to be so original aa to ba unlike anything in othor operas with the oxooption of the ballet, whioh ia constructor! ontiroly upon Hungarian melodies. The libretto ia ta* on by Farkas Doak, a Hungarian writer, from tho 'omanoo of "JTordlaökj or. Troublous Times," of Baron Kerning. GAIETT THEATRE.-Tho dramatio Benson whioh commenced so brilliantly on Saturday evening last at this houeo has ovory promise of being equally satisfactory to the management and tho public If the oonnany whioh Mr. Bayloss has gathered together were infinitely losa talontod than they are, still tho admirable mannor in whioh he has providod for the comfort of his patrons, tho bright and. cheerful ap. ? . i poaranoo of tho little theatre, transformed in some respects into the semblance of a drawingroom, would decidedly go far to render it one of tho most agreeable plaooB in whioh a playgoer could paBfl a few hours. In short; Mr. May less may bo congratulated on having made tba Gaiety a model in ita way ; his good tasto and enterprise are deserving of the highobt praise. Tho comody which jast now con- stitutes the ohiof attraction in that quarter, in addition to tho chain of novelty has startling merit and excellent acting to recommend it as woll. The" Mother-in-Law" ia brimful of fun, and abounds in situations which might move tho moat hopeless hypochondriac to hearty laughter. Tho plot is indeed Blight, and not particularly original, but the interest ia sustained throughout w th unflagging merri- ment, and .the. complications in whioh the various characters are involved, though ab- surdly ridiculous; are at the Barns time per- fectly natural, or at any rate seem to bo so. Givon a number of people placed in the peculiar cir- cumstances which Mr. Sims has contrived for his dramatis persona), and they might act preoiaely in the way in whioh the heroes and heroines of the " Mother-in-Law " do, We Bay heroinos and heroes, for there are no two particular characters in tho comedy in question to whom that role can be especially assigned. Lovers, howevor, claim pre- cedence in that rospoct, and in thia instance they aro represented by an aesthetic yoting lady of the type whioh the artists of " London Panoh" have made na familiar with, and a young gentleman who at the commencement of the piece is introduced, as the author of a oomedy that has been aooepted ai a London theatre, and tho strong point of which is, as we learn, a .close delineation of his prospective mother-in-law. His efforts te conceal the fact that he is the writer of his comody giro rise to all the inoidents whioh follow. But in the end of course everything is explained, and the curtain descends in the orthodox fashion on a pic turo of perfect happiness. The married ladies who figure in tho oomedy, to wit, tho awful mother-in law (capitally played by Miss Melville) and the wife of the lawyer Ponnoeby (Mr. Booth man), axe led to snspeot their respective lords of infidelity, but in the case of tho former there are some slight grounds for entertain- ing snob, a suspicion other than tboao which appear on the Burface, Her husband, Major Mungo M'Turtlq (played with infinito humour by Mr. B. Stewart), had previous to his marriage been flirting with a pretty actress, and the latter taking advantage of certain letters whioh thia elderly military admirer had addressed to her, threatens to sue him for broach of promise. The terror of the, unfortunate major lest his strong-minded' wife should become aware of this, and his attempts to compromise the matter contribute largely to tho fun of the piece. Rosa Matilda, the gushing creature to whom the literary gentleman ÍB paying his address, ia impersonated by the new actress, Miaa Amie Adere, with the appropriate sentimentalism whioh ia the attribute of maidens of the aesthetic achoo!. A part bf equal promise haa boen assigned to Miaa Marion Melrose, and that olever young aotreaa certainly makes tho moat of her opportunities. Our old acquaintance, Mr. Alfred Dampier, as a swell of the languid: type, ia irresistibly laughable, and the moro so as tho aotor carefully avoids the aUahtest tendency to caricature. The remainder of the cast ia highly creditable, and altogether con- sidering tho complete manner in whioh it haa been presented,' the "Mother-in-Law" should enjoy a-ancoea «fal run. The burlesque of the " Coraiaan ( Brothers" (whioh oonolndes the entertainment), by Byron,- abounds in fun both fast, and furious. Th« duel soe ie in particular may be mentioned as exceedingly droll. One of the beat played parts in it is perhaps the Madame dei Franchi of Mr. Norman Tape. We have not Been a better specimen of burlesque, acting for a long time than he affords aa the mother of the twins. We learn that a very large number of tioketa have been diaposod of for Mr. Frank Oates's benefit at the Maaonio Hall on Monday evening next. Mr. Oates well merita the compliment, and it ia pleasing to notice that, in this instance at least, popularity ia likoly . to mean something more substantial than words. Mr. Duncan Maóallnm has arranged a capi- tol programme. The beneficiare intends proceeding directly to Molbourno to join Mr. Fr od. Marshall's company. The Williamson Opera Company, which during its absence from Sydney has been enjoying highly successful seasons at Molbourno and Adolaido, follows the Musgrove Opera Company at the Theatre Royal. The latter proceeds to the Melbourne Opera House once mor e to delight lar ge audiencesinthe sister oity. Owing to tho.enormous success attentant upon the revival of " Tambour Major," the management have arranged for six extra nights, commencing this (Saturday)evening, when that popular opera will be repeated, with Mr. Edwin Kelly as the Dum Major. The Montague-Turner Opora Company at the Opera j House for six nights, nommenoing on Monday night. The northern districts tour haa hoon a triumph throughout. [ Ihe Apollo (dramatio and mnaical) Club, lately formed has boen giving successful performances for the benefit and delectation of several charitable instit i tutionsof thia colony. Tho olub plays at Callan Park Asylum this (Friday) evening. I . Mr. Ja«. A. South'a Opera Company has returned from Temora, and othor plaoeB, and leaves Sydney again for Grafton thia (Saturday) evening* Tho troupe has been doing very good business. Mrs." George Gordon, recently taking part in Bland Holt's drama " The World," at Melbourne, is in Sydney. Mr. Gordon leaves for Melbourne shortly. . Tho Balmain oonoert in aid of tho Convent was, at the last moment, postponed through unforseen oitcumatanoea. It will take place about tho end of the month, . Bland Holt's sensational drama " The World," after enjoying a moBt successful season in Mol- bourno, has noon produced to crowded houses at Adelaide, Mr. Dewhurst is in Brisbane. At Temora on Wednesday evening last MiasBTato Slattery, the well-known amateur soprano, sang at a concert in aid of the Catholic Church. The gifted vooaliat was acoordod an ovation, and received a> shower not, as is tho euatom, of bouquets of flowers, but of nuggets of gold noatly wrapped up, a not un« aooeptablo gift at any time. Mr. F. J. Hallowell, tho basso singer, late of Mus grovo's Opera Company, was out driving last Sun- day, when an aooident happened to the buggy in ! which Mr. Hallowell was seatod, and that gentleman sustained sovore injuries in oonsequonoo. Ho ia now, wo rogret to learn, Bovoroly indisposed. A somowhat peculiar fracas occurred on WadnoB* day ovoning at ono of tho loading Sydnoy theatres betwoon tho manngor and a well-known and popular oporatie oomodian. Tho matter will most probably bo roferrod to tho law oourts for settlement. Mr. Howard Willoughby ia to be tho first jQditor of tho "Holbourne Evening MoiV' 