i?HE REV. CHARLES STRONG'S. CASE. ( (from our melbourne correspondent.) ; Wednesday evening. : The sittings of the adjourned special meeting of the Melbourne Presbytery were continued to day. The Rev. T, R. N. Wilson oQqqiptj thg I The Rev. Groundwater, dpkaser moved the fol- lowing amendriient " That tho Presbytery thanks the committee for their patient irivestigu.- fiori pf thb matter reriiitted to them ; that whijat the Presbytery regrets that occasion should have been given for serious doubts and difficulties re garding the soundness of Mr Strong's utterances, et iriasmuoli as the committee have reported that the article consists of three parts, and ' in norio of these parts does the writer give a syste matic statement of his own views of tho Atone- iheht,' or ' contradict in categorical propositions rind express terms the dootrine of the 4ln0- moot cpnf:pnpd jn the Confession of Faith and the Larger and Shorter Oateohisra,1 the Presby tery deem it inexpedient to travel further in the matter. At the same time this Presbytery takes this opportunity of setting forth the dootrines of (he toliuroh regarding'the topics under discussion, pamely, — 1. The scriptures of the Old and New Testaments 'are given by inspiration of God, to bo tho rulo and faith of life. ' 2. The authority of Holy Scripture, for which it ought to be be lieved rind obeyed, depends not upon the testi mony of "any man or ohuroli, but wholly upon Gpd (whb Is truth itself), the author thereof, and therefore it is to bo received beoaqsp it is fho word of God. OonfeBaion of faith, chap. 1 seo. 4,ir 3. In' the un'ity of -God there '-bo three per sons of ! one -substaneo, ; -power, and eternity — God tho Father, God tho Son, and God tile Holy Ghost. Chap, ii., sees. 3 and 4. Tho Lord Jesus by his perfect obedience and sacrifice of himself, whiqh he through the Eternal Spirit once offered up iinto God, hath fully satisfied the justice of - His- Fathor, and purchased not only reeonoilia- tiori. but an everlasting inheritance "iff the (King dom of Hoavon for all thoso whom tho filipr liath given unto Him. Chap, vjji., see, Finally ih disohatgiiig tlia committoa (rit the,ir> own re; quest), tho'Presby'torylbxpross the hope that this discussion .will. to overruled, for the maiiitenaurio of .(that purity of dpotrine.i set forth, in our stand ards," which we have all pledged ourselves to i maintain and defend." He stated thrit he con- l Sidered enough had been said about the German philosophers' teuohings. By Mr m'Donald's motion an opportunity had been afforded Mr Strong of giving any explanation which: he thought fit on the subject, but he did not agree that this was the proper course to adopt ; the time for that had passed. Mr Strong bad been in a measure wrongly impeached. Tho proceed ings would be a cautiori to him. Mr Strong felt the matter strongly, and his health had been in- ' jurod by it. 1 /the Rev. Mr Scott seconded the' motion. Ho firi'd the matter before, them was not- one ;of Hegolism at all, but a question wliethor Mr Strong had infringed the standards of the church. 1 0,e was astonished after bo many expressions, of, j brotherly love to find that they wore slicking \- full of arrows. mr Strong had been put upon i his trial. (No, no.) Well, what was tho mean-; j ing of all the outcry and tho present meeting. - He disagreed with Mr Eentoul, who had charged: . Mr' strong with denying the standards of the ; , church. He complained that Mr Strong had 1 been driven into a1 corner and corripelled to. take' up a defensive position. He hoped the amend-) ment,would be .cafririd. , /wi '1 : Rev. Diuncan Fraser, supported. the, origi:, nol motion. . (ho, stated, -that. .the article in tho Review , was quite uncalled - for: and, -.long ;. ago i there had been grave rumours abroad regarding | the .soiiridness of Mr Strong's, views- on :th'o doc- triries rif the ohu(ch.( ;He ; asserted that instead g? mr strong ..beirig put", upon his trial ho.(mr ptrong) had put the Presbytery on its .triul'by writing the artiolo. If tho article had been p888?ji,by .and ,no ; notice; taken:, of it, -people would say the ehuroh had no real rind definite vie"\Vrriri--.(he ritari'darda,('bu t Sat"' r'eridy to adopt the broad ; yietv'ri. Bet 1 '.ouf ''ifi' ((tiie artiolo. ) (There had bsaii remarks oii 3r strdno'h tovjinh ; tli data r da a nd : those were i u.pjs?k!tt.t®.ri.fer.a definite and: distinct. charge, j He considered that tbe .course adopted ' by the | Presbytery was a, just, rind mode'fatri one,. arid it i should be, upheld. , The, eyes of the, churches of i the world) were .upon, the Presbytery, and its i decision' "would - show' whether the banners of j the'.'ohureh had - been pulled 'down or not: He 1 hoped the1 members, would do' their duty;- i :/Thei'Rev. j; Balla'ntyrio'moved a'further arii'eh'd- i ment, " The'j Presbytery 'approve' thRroport in | its general tone and," tenor; thank the com- j ffiitt'e&v; anffdisch'i¥gb'it(; (.Find.'ls't/ That while !the.report(Sh'owri fhat'Stritemerits of a' doubtful dootrinal character ipconrr .in /the -article on the Atonement by the Rev. o. Strong in the Vic torian Review;.; it (does 1 not) set forth - that,: said- ar£iole,c6ntoins jany/. positive /.afifirmationsjt that are at variance with the standards of the churoh. 2nd. That -it is a matter, of tegret that the artiolo rejeyrod.to ,should,,apparent!y, be; so wantirrg' in' clearnes'ri,' fulness) and' explicitness of statement on the cardinal doctrine of which it treats, as held by th'is Ohiirch, as to give oc casion for uneasinesspor , alarm on the part ,pf- pebpie.' 3rd., Tbat in Itha'absehce'rif expiririatiofia from' Mr). (Strong on (tho points in question, it might' be difficult to Iremoye, the, doubjs which had been awakened as (to'h'is'SQUri'dririss'm the friith: arid' his Ipy'ai'ty to (the standards of the churoh; arid 'that therefore It. is deemed an act. of brotherly regard respect-. JfnlljJ tq'suggeri£_ whether it he not; due to his ohar- adief rind (po'riifion1 ris' minister of the churoh, as well as to' fiis 'brethren' arid the 'churches at large, to offer such explariation as will if possi- blei'ac'ooraplish thia deaifed end. 1 1 The'Rriv.'Rr m'Doriald sricoridod the anae'rid- rridrit)' rind after sotrie' remri'vbv the meeting ad-' journrid'for'luneh. ' ' : ') i': ) oh ' r$aqjuifgj' sfif ...h.;' It. Reid said he came flot on hia' own apopu'nt, but rif the request of the opngr'egritiori - of the' (Presbyterian Churoh at Elst'erriwioki' (They were anxious at the painful deyelopirierit' of (the1 subject,' arid hoped that it would 'riot be considered further. ' He thought the' most1 mririly' arid straightforward way would be 'to" cpmm'uriicafe' with Mr Strong as brother to' broiher arid get ari explririat'iori. . J ( The, (Rev, mr 1 hriy ' said '(he) priding of the cdmm'ittee was based 'npori irisufficierit grourids, ririR ' wa'ri therefore" riot)' (of )much' :;Value. (- '.Mr Strfirig did riot givri the. histoncril'deBcriptipriB in' trie) rirticle. as reBpeetirigi tlios'e (of the, eh'urbh1/ Some'seria'atiori was paused by (the sperikeri 'epm'- iaririg 'Mr' y ute' 1 0 a' pirc'us elo wri' arid; Mr ) Reri-, to'iif to' "a1 s'treet ahrobati - ' .After: some further discussion, the meeting idjourriridMnt'ii to-jmorrbw fn'ornirig. 