GHOSTLY MUSIC. .. (Faom llie Nev) York Times. ) Spiritualism, which ' is represented by those who believe in it, to bo vastly superior to Christianity, differs;-, of bourse, from the latter in its revelations as to the state of music in the other, world. The chureh has always held that the angelic host sings and plays on the harp and the trumpet in a way altogether beyond tho reach of criticism. Though a good deal can bo dono with harps , and trumpets, we are not shut to the conclusion that those are the only instru ments used by the. blessed ghosts in Paradise. Probably, the term trumpet: is a general one, ana mciuues tromoones, saxunrns, ana otuor instruments on whieh the chromatic scale can be. played. -However this may bo, the church' 'has always taught : that' the .angels arc .'accom-' plished musicians, and, has never thought, it' worth whilo to repeal the blasphemous sugges-; tion; that accordions, banjos, aud such like debasing reservoirs of vulgar noiss, are known' beyond thb bounds of this miserable;earth; ' But spiritualism, ..on the other hand, ;shows .us: the state of musical culturo among ghosts is no' hotter than that which: characterises an, Indiana country town. The average ghost plays orr only the most execrablo.iustruments, and sings only the most empty and aggravating songs. As for producing a 'decent .tone with, a trumpet, or playing the simplest melody with tho harp, the ghosts of spiritualism have never even ventured to make the attempt. When a materialising seance" is held, the medium always requests the circle to sing, alleging that under the influence of music, ghosts materialise with comparative ease. But what are the songs that aro sung' in spiritual circles ? The "Sweet by-and-bye." is a fair sample of them. They are invariably the illiterate sentimental songs popular among people, who know absolutely nothing about music. They are sung through the none, with the mechanical sameness of tho barrel-organ, and with a dragging of the timo that is simply maddening. One would-think that if the sing ing of the " Sweet by-and-bye" could induce any ghost to materialise, it would bo a large ghost with a heavy club, and a wild desire to brain the singers. Unfortnnately, this is not what ordinarily happens. The singing is followed by tho appearance of ghosts, who are in the best of tempers, and apparently perfectly satisfied with the "mnsie" which has lured them from the other world. Of course, this is fatal to our respect for ghosts. If a ghost will deliberately come to earth to hear people, whose voices aro as crooked as their brains, sing the " Sweet by- and- byo," they are wholly unfit to be noticed by persons of any sort of musical culture. This being the kind of musical taste whioh 'prevails in the other world, we need not bo sur prised to find that not a single gboBt has yet materialised who can play on any decent inetrn- ment. What is even worse, is the fact that the entire ghostly world seems to .be given over to tho accordion. Occasionally, a ghost will strike the strings of a guitar, so as to produce a dis cordant noise, but tho aocordion is positively the only instrument which ghosts will play in public. If spiritualism is true, it is ovident that the first thing a disembodied spirit does is to lenrn to play on the accordion. Men who, in this world, would have smitten to the earth the .wretch who should have tried to place an accordion in their hands, will (in their ghostly state) take up the instrument from the medium's table,: and proceed to encourage its asthmatic wheezing; It iB certainly very strange' that we should thus deteriorate after death. The late Daniel Webster was. confessedly one 'of the greatest men, of . the age. He . never played on an instrument, and, in fact, had no liking what ever for music, ' but his viows of the accordion were such as became . a statesmen,,, a .Christian and a gentleman. Yet, now that he; is dead, he has devoted himself with much assiduity, to the accordibnj and 1 when He condescends' to materialise for the benefit of a roomful' of spiritualists— as he frequently, does— ho :is pretty sure to say, "Gimme 'that there accordion and I'll play a little suthin," where upon1 he plays the "Sweet1 'By-and-bye,"' "Mollie Darling," or " Beautiful - Spring, 'g George : Washington . is equally bad; ' and even Shakespeare has repeatedly shown that ho shares the ghostly fondness for accordions. : , - Inevitably, :thikcasts a gloom over the future world. If, wlien-wc are dead; we sink to: the accordion, and find pleasure in the ,. ' ' S wept by- and-byo," we are decidedly better off here than wo will bo hereafter.., So far as wo' can" learn from materialised ghosts, there' is not a' harp nor . a brass instrument in; the other, world, 'and jf there were, there is not a ghost who could play on thorn.- Wpre >ve to adopt, the hypothesis that only the gliosts of bad men had the piiwer to return to'the earth; 'and: that their Jamiliarity 'witli the'accordioivis acquired while undergoing ; punishment, we might feel a little : encouraged, but, in point of fact, the ghosts of the: very best and noblest men play the accordion; so' that - the hypothesis suggostod, is clearly unteuable. Our' best plan is. to decide that spiritualism cannot be true. It is far more probable that mediumslie, amlthat spiritualists are deceived, than it is that , Daniel Webster and. Dante play tho accordion. Letua cherish our belief in celestial harps and angelic trumpets, and hope that in the future life we shall be free from the sight and sound of tho 'accordion. Perhaps the fallen angels, having dropped and. broken their harps, torment miserable sinners by siuging the " Sweet by-and-bye," and accompanying them- . selves on the accordion, hut surely in any other part of the universe of ghosts that .wretched instrument and revolting song must be unkuown. 