CHAPTER Xm. H0UB8 OF STRUGGLE. Dreadful was trie shook given to Mabel by Anthony's violence in breaking open the bed room door: and by all that followed—her ex posure to bim in a state whioh ahe was not too far gone to misunderstand, his attitode, look, and bitter irony of speed: as she blenohed before him, trying vainly to retaliate by a reckleea and mad defiance—and, above all, by his abrupt method of departure. She waa thua brought bo far to her right senses, as to feel impressed with a vagne bnt awful sense of alarm as regarded him; and of Bool sickness and disgust as regarded her self, each as ahe had never before felt or con ceived of. Bnt with these feelings came a deeper and deeper sense of intolerable misery, whioh ahe knew not how to throw off or mitigate. The moment she began to think her brain seemed like a seething cauldron. The moment she tried to act she found the instrument of notion—her will— incapable of any effort, and shrinking in stinctively from the least attempt. But the necessity of doing something was great; and, aocustomed habitually to think of bnt one way of gaining temporary relief and power, the was anout to resort to that, but ■topped with the glsw of wise its her hand and the decanter before her; and settiDg the glass down on the table, bnrst into tears, and wrnng her bands in piteons anguish, murmuring:— "Oh, what shall I do? What shall I do ?" Twice did she again, after a pause, take up that glass, and each time set it down, while the struggle went on withiD—eonfnBed and confus ing—so that in her present state the ideas that tempted mingled with the ideas that urged to resiatanoe — and left her helpless, despairing, miserable to the last degree. She walked two or three times throagh the length of the room, then sat down oj a chair in a corner, and stared fixedly at vacancy, just as if her brain was reeling. Bnddenly ehe rose, went to the table, poured the wine in the glass book into the deoanter, spilling the greater part as she did so, through the tremulous weakness of her hands,, which reflected bnt too faithfully the tremulous weak ness of the mind that dictated the act. Again she paced to and fro, again she sat down in the corner, then clapped her hands to her face and eyes, and bnrst into a long passion of grief and tears, mainly dne to her state, bnt much also to a sense of growing enlightenment, and possibility of movement towards her husband before it might be too late, whioh again almost maddened her with the fearful thoughts and bitter remorse they brought st the same time. After awhile ebe took the hapdkerohief she had thrown carelessly round her neck, heedless of appearances daring the indulgence of the afternoon, then let down her lovely hair, and bathed her head for some time in the cold water, then dried it, and dried her eyes, feeling notice ably better. Bhonld she now send for Anthony, make full confession, aak his feigiveneto, and pray for his advioe and bis strength ainoe her own had proved so faithless to her ? She shuddered to think—If he sbonld refuse! Orat least leave her to get out of the slough of despond as she bad gone into it by herself. She would wait yet an hour or so longer, so that be might at least see how she had spent the time in his absence by taking measures for re covery. That thought moved her to take up the de oanter, go to the window, open it, and empty it outside the window into the darkness; but the act affected her as if she had been guilty of a crime, she was so excited in the doing, so pile, agitated, and trembling after it. At last something like calm did eome. She did not feeletrongfor any purpose whatever, nor olear in anything bnt this, her intense desire to Bee Anthony, to speak to him as she had never done before, in the hope to give him hope that this day was to prove the climax and end of the evil —the last event of the sad series other degrada tion, and that henceforth if he would bnt help her she might be safe, and their love and happiness again secure. She hesitated still, and thought to wait till be called her to supper, or if be did not oall her then, till tbey would meet at bedtime; for every hour's delay was a distinot gain in the way of physical and mental improvement, bnt also a distinot danger as regarded the effeot on him. That decided her. She rang, and Mrs. Pipe answered the bell. " Is Mr. Fearne new alone?" "Why, my dear child, did he not tell you?" "Tell me I In heaven's name, what ?" "Why,that he hmk gone on a long journey, and won t he back till to-morrow afternoon." "Do yon know where ?" " I haven't the ghost of an idea." Mabel's hand was fortunately resting on the table, or she would have fallen on hearing this news, whioh seemed perfectly appalling. Bnt the rislngconrage of her true self instinotively warned her against any exposure, for Anthony s sake, as well aa for her own. So she hurriedly said:— " I was ill—the business, perhaps, sodden he may have thought it beet not to disturb me. I shall hear all about it to-morrow. Send the nurse with baby to me." " They are both in bed, my'dear. Don't you know how late it is ? Ten o'clock. Mr. Fearne told me not to distnrb yon, by bringing baby for you to kiss, as usual." "Did he also enjoin that nurse and baby should not be disturbed by me ?" " My dear child—you are ill—and don't know what yon are saying." " I dare say." " Can I do nothing for you ?" said Mrs. Pipe, •eeirg her young mistress desired to be alone. " Bothing." 