THE GRAND NATIONAL MEETING By Beacon. Seldom lias a meeting met with a more pro nounced success than that winch took placo on Saturday last on tho Flcmington course ; and so much pleasure and gratification did it givo that wo aro entitled to hope that it is tho first of an unbroken series of winter Grand National Steeplechase Alcctings that will extend long into tho future. The so-styled National Steeplechase is no novelty, but it had a fitful oxistonco and an early death. Generally speaking, it was improvised by a few genial spirits, whoBe hearts were in tho sport, yot tTuutwu wit |JitbrauHgc or uio ciuet club in tho colonies to givo solidity to its action, and ensure its continuance. Tho Victoria Racing Club has instituted a winter cross country raco that will increase and multiply its popularity as it becomes better known. As shown on Saturday last, tho winter season is boyond all question the proper time for in dulging in such sport, and habit will soon make members acknowledge tho fact, and placo the Grand National day prominent in tho calendar of sports, and regarded as tho foaturo of tho whiter months. With othors I am fain to confess that I was far from satisfied with the attendance. I wrote ns I thought when I said that no less than 20,000 persons would ho present. Probably there were not two-thirds of that number, and this might lead some to - think that wo lived in tho ! midst of a very unapprcciativo population, j Before admitting bo much it will be ns well to remember that it was tho first venture of the club in this direction, and there are not want ing thoso who always question a success until it is realised, yet aro ever ready to sup port a venture which has been approved by thoso who havo witnessed tho rehearsal, and signified their satisfaction thereof. Many may l bo heard to say thoy nover go to a play on tho first night of its production. Tlioy wait to hear the opinion of others, who are wanting in ' tho patiunco and forbearance. And if tho ! report ho highly favorable, thoy rush tho houso ! in swarms likobeoa round a hive, all, anxious to ! obtain tho most favored places. And bo it will | be with tbo V.RC. Steeplechase meoting, about . which all reports and opinions aro in accord in saying that it lias a pronouncod success, and a brilliant display of horsemanship and good fenoing. Such being tho cnao, J shall expect to seo each annual, mooting taking, a greater hold of tho sporting public than its predecessor, i nntilitbecomcsmarkcdoutasono ofthefavorito dayB of tho year. And in order that tho lovers of tho cliaso nrny(bo certain of its - repetition, I would ask tho club at onco to make I known its intention of continuing tho meeting m future years, Fortunately the day was fine, therefore the several events may he said to havo been determined on their merits, nnd it becomeB outside the hounds of possibility to frnmo an oxenso at the expense of tiio weather. Never was tho tnrf in hotter order, being yielding without approaching to heaviness, and tho elasticity of the ground was highly favorablo to good jumping. First c-amc the Maiden Hurdle Race, which was set down for decision at one p.m., and this prize brought out eight horses, linlf of which had hitherto been regarded as flat racers only. It was nri admirable com mencement to ho good a day's sport, for tho lot kept well together until tho turn home, where it became conspicuous that Handy Andy held his field in check. Won easily, was the ver dict, though a rider might he added, " aided by superior condition," for no horse ever started for a jumping race better attuned for tbo busi ness. The Dowling Funis; t stable has the happy knack of running its horses big all over, yet olefin inside, and when once they are said to lmvo been wound up they aro like unto an eight day clock, which may generally bo loft unassisted to fulfil its mission. And so it was with Handy Andy, for although tho conditions of the race only required him to go two miles, ho was wound up to complete three miles had occa sion required it. Hcnco his task appeared to ho ono of little difficulty, and portrayed him as a very triton amongst tho minnows. That ho had age on his sido was an advantage that usually manifests itself in jumping races ; and as tho difference of weight between a six and a' three-year-old is by no moans excessive, ho may be'said to have had a little the best of tbo scale. Not that I would havo it thought that tho weights aro by any means badly appor tioned, for three-year-olds at this advanced period of tho year are known to be the mo3t dangerous. Handy Andy is ono of tho Panic family, and is own brother to President, one of tho best two mile hurdlcraccrs in the land. Tho running of Afulatto and Lothair gives great hopes of them in tho future, when timo has lent substance to their stability. Star, tho favorite, was once more a disappointment, and a3 ho had the assistance of that accomplished horseman Batty, no exenso can be assigned for his defeat other than lie is a slightly over rated horse. At tho same time I may venture my opinion, which is that his condition was most faulty. I much questioned it before tho race, and never doubted it afterwards. What ever doubt was indulged in. as regards tho starting of Collingwood for the Maiden Hurdle Race was soon dissipated when tho stewards met on tho course, who decided that as he was a maiden at the timo of entry ho was entitled to ran. This is well to know and remember in tlie future, so that wlicu the question again crops up it can bo Bottled without reference to tbo stewards. His permission to run very much added to tho pleasure of the raco. For when the others were done with, ho was alone able to offer a respectable opposition to Great Western, who otherwise would have had tho raco to himself) Again in Great Wcstorm do we witness another offspring of Panic, and also in liini do wo reJ cognise another doughty champion for Grand National honors on some future occasion. He was fostered, cared for and matured by that invincible Ballnrat stable that has given us so many winning horses, and is tho quondam com panion of King of Trumps, Handy Andy, Sir Peter nnd Twilight, a remarkably nice quin tette to star the country with, yet no one of thcso horses found his way into this .stable a schooled or trained horse. In every instance havo they been tried and found wanting in other hands, nevertheless thore ore people who call Afr. Louglilin a lucky man. Cer tainly if applied generally ho cannot be called an unlucky man, but his prosperity on the turf is duo to sound judgment, good management, and personal attention, for Mr. Louglilin selects his own horses, and directs their education and training, and by tiio tests applied by himself knows oxactly where to place his horses. Added to this, he nover sends his ships to sea without an able and ac complished pilot at the helm. Thus nothing is loft undone, or half done. The machinery is made perfect before the fire is lit and' the boiler heated, and surely many of those com plaining might do likewise, supposing they pos sessed the judgment, and chose to embark tho same amount of capital in tho venture that Mr. Louglilin does, Referring to tho Grand National Hurdle Raco, whioh resulted in favor of Sir Peter, wo havo an instance where tho combination of good blood, sound condition and finished riding aro at once apparent. All theso things were equal, and so a victory was achieved, whereas had thcro been ono thing wanting, but one flaw, certain defeat would have waited on tho 11 si. 4 lbr horse, who at tho fag end of thrco miles was ablo to mako ono responsive effort to tha call of his rider, who also in his turn wns able to extract that last and final effort. This is not luck, hut tho outcome of truo discretion and sound judgment, when each nnd every part of tho machinery is mndo to hnrmomso with tho other. Had Young Alfred been disqualified from running, Batty wonld have been in Cumberland's snddlo ; and withontivishingto detract from the excellent horseman who bestrode him, it is juBt possiblo that it might havo mndo two heads difference. This is, however, a great deal to say, for had ho not been really well ridden, he might not have occupied the position ho did at tha finish. It was a grand raco between the pair, and stamps Cumberland — as I some timo ago pro phesied — aa tho coming hurdle race horse. Dhurringilo ran better than most persons were prepared to oxpect, seeing that the race was one of three miles. All through the season ho and Cumberland havo occupied positions close to tho othor at the finish, and again thoy havo come in in close proximity. Discount finished fourth, but the credit of taking them along, was due to Rhesus, who forced thernnning. Young Alfred was a great disappointment, and seemed to bo fairly taken off bis legs by tho pace. Tbo l'asmanian horso Cyclops was never in tbo' hunt, and bow his friends could overlook tho . stato of liia condition is marvellous. Ho looked very much overdone, and I venture to say will run a hotter raco when rolievod of half tho amount of worlc he looks to have dono. It was bard to ask Mulatto to saddlo up a second time, ns well as being a most ill-jildged pro-j cceding, and a most easy method of Bickcning liiin nnd creating an early disgust for his . new trado. Sir Peter is not permitted to win his races without being severely chal lenged. On Sathrduy ho only won by a head in 5 mill. 42J 6ec.; and in tho spring ho simply hold an advautago over Sarchcdon nt tho finish by a littlo moro than a head — timo, 5 min. S8j£ boo, Aftor nil no moro than seven horses could ho found to face the starter ii tlio Grand National Steeplechase. 0 i these two were from South Australia, one from Tas mania, and anotlior was purchased recently in the southern colony. Then Twilight represented Ballar.it, . Gazelle Warrnambool, and Sussex \v;u trained at CnulGcld. It was most morti- . fving to see Victor and Taxaraxacuin run off it the very first fence, and then to witness the downfall of Abdallah. Tho other four, how ever, made a splendid race of it to the last fonce, where Gazello Btrnck heavily and got rid of her. rider, thereby blasting the hopes of the "Warrnambool party. The clever little Twilight made a desperate effort to cut down the top weight, and to get Gazelle into Ironblc, hut it was of no use, for Sussex outlasted her, and beat.her home fairly. Had not Gazelle fallen, I opine that tho verdict might have been other than as it stands, for she .appeared to bo going as well as anything, around her. There was some beautiful 'earing in this race, and some excellent mil plucky ridding. Sussex was a good deal vanished to win, therefore must have Jjcen nearly at his best for some time. After the .ace lie was all to pieces, leaving an impression that lie had hurt himself in the race, as possi bly was the ease, for ho struck very heavily at the feueo in front of the stand ; and possibly the accident from which ho has so recently recovered may liavo come against him. If so, the more to his credit for so pluckily running to the last. The race occupied 7 min. 2J sec., as against 0 ir.in. 50.i soc. in the spring, when Himalaya, 0 st. 12 lb., won, beating Simpleton, 13 st. 2 lb. ; and to go further back there is a performance ou the part of Lone Hand to bring forward, where ho carried 13 st. 6 lb. to victory, over TTlcmington. President had ftn easy win in the Selling Hurdle Race, and although entered Tor 30 sovs. only, was run up to 310 sovs,, tho club benefiting by the arrangement to the tune of 290 sovs., a circumstance which, though mncli enjoyed by the club, was scarcely as much relished by the owner of tile so- called fortunato horse. Monitor wa3 ninoh fancied for this race, hut as lie met with a mishap it is quite impossible to say what ho might hnrcdone. Tile accideiitoecnred through a "dog trying to seize him by the nose in tho race, which caused Barlow to be thrown out of the saddle and to break one of Itis legs. It is high time that the threat to poison dogs brought to a racecourse should he put into practice. Corrigan, when riding Twilight in the Steeplechase, was also annoyed and alarmed by another cur running at his mare. Poor old Woodlands, whose trainer is always complaining of the weight put on his horses, won tho mile flat race comfortably, thus showing that what once has been accom plished may always be repeated ; and this poor old worn out horse, this relic of the past, is only just able to win a mile race in 1 min. 13 see., with 0 st. 5 lb. on liis back. Let me ask how many young, fresh, sound horses could do the like ? Respite ran a good horse, showing clearly that he possesses plenty of pace, and Attachd might have been nearer with a better start The Ghost was a great pot, lint the winner was not much supported by liis stable. 