'tANYNS GHOS'' STORY. pIckwoLod'R Magaina , Dcrcomtr. 18IS.) FIbt of December, fifteen ears. ago,. tle .first .ppCearanco-in a. county .ball T'ht I should choose the 1st of De Sfifteen years later, to make my first .rnee in print, is probably due to the ar e I .e. spent the interval in Russia. derieg how extremely fond I alwaiys F 'of ,putting my impressions upon nl tbhe voluminous correspondence 'llirc the fi.iendr of my youth have been h nlring 'my long absence from Eng l cn onlv sluppose that it never occurred hulish h echlau I never met a lady ae Ool ted home who had ventured upon SIda meaisure. Moreover I feel certain Ssd I hinted at the possihility of so 'rinine a proceeding to my busband-who Ihe.n n otficer in the Imperial Guard-I L have increased instead of dissipated in prcjidicus against the English nation, ib Iowever. hald not prevented his asking with him to his own country. That ,.at the ae of seenteen, is the best fl cn give that I am not constitutionally a 'f,,ct which I will ask my readers to I ind in the course of the narrative I "Irit.to relate. I am encouraged to ,..in ieo worth telling from the circum lthat no sooner did I reach my old ,1 Fingland, than a cluster of children, h:l;l not, existed when I left it, invaded , ctitr of my bedroom when I was lying 10 to rst. before dinner on the day of my pri, and insisted upon my telling them ,lfthle ghost story, by virtue of which the '* of their near relation was kept ever Sin their memories. Those thrilling ils which I had communicated in my , att fill length at the time, had been ,'eted by my sister to each succeeding he,. and niece as he or she had arrived at m, of sfflicienit discre!ion to enable his or r tiair to stand on end when terrified ; but Osuxury of horror which Aunt Ann's story ,riabl" inspired was religiously kept as a t (Christmias treat, and was looked upon as ite unrivalled in its line--partly because it strte, and partly because no other aunt in rr nighblouring f'amily had ever had any t1 thing happen to her; a circumstance dhid was always dwelt upon with great hinaiph and satisfaction when anmy other hildren ventured either to praise their aunts i to discuss ghosts in the abstract. So in I tdarkening hours of a glooimy:~autumn. rpornon I told my own story, for I saw it m?ild he impossible to put it off until Ohrist m; and when my little audience, whose toromlgh knowledge of every incident did not i the least prvt i n theem listehing with the nr? ralpt interest each time the story was told Iltm, had trotted offt I thought that if they; ýtld hear to hear it so nmany timnes, some tler chiliren might hear to ricid it.ionce. So now, as the clocks are striking midinitght, I Stir. tie ire with a chuckle, for I have not seen a. i rplce for fifteen years; ind I pull near it ir, comfortable arm-chair-I have not seodn siat I all an arm-chair foiulthe same time; %ith a fervent ,lessing on the stitelyi homes dfEngland," I shall proceed to give mny first loeriernce of my dreary home in Russia. '' I bad been little more than a year, in St.' Peterilmrgh when imy husband was; ordered oe special service to a distant i art of tlie cimlire. As the dntty he was aeint to nperfoin Wroald, Itn ill perobainclliy, llivovye i pruoniacugu alsetce, it was decided that 1should be 'sent to a chateani which belonged to liml ii tihe Ukraine, and there wait his return ; as, how- ever, I was uttcrly inex.per'ienced in the man ners :td customs of RussiIa couintry life;, I ws furnished with a guide, philosopherl , ind friendl, in the person of hlis sister Olga, then a. very charming debitante, now i ve(ry distin-' pislhtwl tneeiler of the HC?ssican codps ?diploiia fiq?e. It was no wonder, after hlay vig turlied Smansay leads during the winter,.Ithat her: onn began to swim, and that she should look forward with pleasure to the repose of a cottry life, and the novel task of initiating a Ks:riger into its mysteries. Nir was titith out a flutter of excitemen't that I found myself lacked into aI roomy travelling carriage, con Itineieg my friend, my baby, and the nurse, cid followed by two other curiously con trueted vehicles, covered witlh as many goods and dlattels as if we were going finally to settle in some newly inhabited colony. When I luked at the servants, bedding, and provi Eious that were stowed away int and over our three cumibrous equipages, I felt as if I was leading an exploring party, iad respoisible to the Geographical Society for the results of Iny Oslervitions; indeed, so vivid were tlie ifi lressions whiclh the incidents of this mv first joirney through the heart of the couitry i made ul"n my mind, that I feel sure I should have produced a very good paper for an evening Ieeting. But now, how monotonous does thatwell-kniown way-with its sign-posts over dreary wastes of snow in winter, its bottomless logghl.s in slring and autumIn, its clouds of dust in summer, its tracts of deep sand, its Slo0oy piule-forests, and its rolling grass steppes-scem to me ! How distinctly do I trcall the deserted post-stations where the horses are never forthcoming, and how well I sem to know even.the individtial horses when they do come, and can distinguish between the yanchike wh\io are my frienCds, and those for whom I have an antipathy. .As for night qpurters, there is not anr inn on the whole line 'f road the rooms of which I have not, at some n tints or other, firnished with all that portable "ateeial which I aerry with we on such occa sious, and which, if it goes on increasing, will Iutimately include a pier- glass and a piano. .ow I wondered then -it the rapidity with "hich the servants made things comfortable, rid still more at the singular ideas which both they and Olga entertained of what com fort . as I At length, after many days, and now and then a night or two, of travel, we came upon the atelw country, where the forests were ,ore scattered and the population sparser, "til at last the whole landscape was a bound h expanse of grass, except in one direction, "here a dark mass, like the shadow of a cloud, 3arkd a distant wood." :No sooner was it isible than my companion clapped her hands ith delight, the horses were urged into a gllop, the carriage bounded more wildly than sal over the deep ruts formed by the winter t'a-, 'uow baked into troughs that would have or'anhed ordinary springs, and I needed no . ervidene to prove to me that our desti Sti was at hand. I confess my heart sank tsi"i u?e, for there was something inexpres h dreary in tihe prospect. My baby, who a fo erg0ne thetrials of the journey with ecrtitud ,e d a a power of endurance truly el.t ", set up a loud wail, which it seemed ando could only arise from instinctive dread nid dimay. I looked round in every direc leo, and though the raUge of vision was uost viksibve, not the vestige of a' cottage was iajbl. no a human being . enlivened the i e o I sank gently biack and in silznce, aind 'd d\dd. zrnf t' t o b- I;t's. ;Fortunateha Olga was too I0"llCirireb xeted ^;t.onotiice iue, aind afti'r. violcntly? h!fiirigig-" mil. first-born in -a paroxvsin of ?deligrt, shi'ý ierformed the zsame operation upon me. i 'lhanks to the moisture she had acquired from tie cheeks of that little cherub, she did not discover the tears on mine so we plunged into the gloomy recesses of the wood, and I was cheered by seeing a road branch off to the right, which she in formed me led to the village. While wonder ing whether it would be possible to do a little " parish" in it, and secretly making up my mind to open a Sunday school, I was startled by the hollow sound of the horses' hoofs upon a wooden bridge, and looking out, saw that we were crossing a dry moat, and entering an old moss grown castle, through a somewliat dilapidated archway. Immense trees overhung the building, which I had only time to observe was.very ancient, but still apparently substantial, and very quaint and irregular in form. We pulled up at a low door in a grass grown quadrangle, where stood an old white headed servitor, into whose arms 01a pre cipitated herself with the most ardent expres sions of joy; behind him a row of domestics evidently gazed with no little awe and respect upon tile retinue of town servants we hiad brought from St. Peterslbrg. Notwithstand ing the bustle and the high state of prepara tion of everybody for our arrival, I felt chilled by a sensation of solitude and desolation I had not experienced since leaving England; the whirl and gaiety of the capital, tlie constant attendance at court which fell to my lot-the excitement and novelty of a life altogether which never allowed a moment for serious thought-had. kept. me, as I supposed, con tented and happy. Too young to discover cares in life which did not exist, too giddy to seek out occupation I did not desire, I had lived like a butterfly in a beautiful garden, and now suddenly foundr myself without the flowers, and the sunshine, and the other but terflies that used to pay me court. It was a moment of terrible rea1itti,-eien' my com panion's high spirits failed to make ire take a cheerfll :view of thiiis.: When: I followed the old white-headed- mani utider the lowddodr way, and Olga liiked her.'-i rm iii niini, I felt as if he wlias tlhe jailor, au-dishe - ~ escortting ine to a dinrgeon ini whicll I: win s toibe cin fined for lit'f.; It was?: : w ey:i wroig,; Iknow, and I concealed: mnv feelings ?ans mncliL:L.s I could, but shl felt innd shuddiei as I le?fit uipon her. iir arm; st tild i ( suddenly.'+: Whly," she said, " do you tres ble so iiricli: air e iou frightenied ; Who t:6ld: yloiu tlie: cý;stle wias haunted ?"- 'Iliad i-ve' heai d a;iivthi~ihg lbout the castle, except. that inyI: huiibnila'd used to mak e,:there wihat lie called; his " econoliie.'i by which lie i mIeanit tihit hlie I. id ai ilil i' ho lived irn it aUid fiiil liis ilis i ope.ry tori h ; and as for its leinig;hliftfed, it as'a plositive relief to; m.y irindul to l-ihear aniytl'ii' aboiut it half so iitte-estilig. So I hingiued at tlie notion of anli Ei"nglisliwohian: eitlher believring in or blaeiri afraid of ahists, andti said IsiiverediI becai?use i ecol diraiglihf ?tiiielowi the passage: along; which .we :were passilg. t.Yes," oli served Anry conspaiion, ' since' tlitre - bliliff: refused to live in it, 'the 'castl hait u been iqite uninhabited, s6 thjt the air feels ciiill., :buit we will haive in.rtstovies liglihted id niake ouri A ol I t - iifni,-Il .iP h ' f i'uhor .i. nt? . I*Ie 1 ;,-dim, t sleep in thei, cttage which papa . built.jjnist before his deaith,. when the glosts wlide it iin plossible to sliup iny loigei in tli? castie." As: 1 she said this:wd were stLandiig in fil'e old.l hall round which were. ainged so:.ie figurie' . ni aimnoºur the willls wi?idecoi Lei:i ed withl tapestri,. and 'wher: the wood panellini al: peared, it: wasi;iL many pllaces iiiteid so isto. foli a pictuiL with the ieda of the pLiaiel for thlle frime. 'ViTry iuncouth tmen and wiviien indeed the wortliy prloginitors of i hlinsbaiid appeai'ed,, as -depicted tilon tlese anucestial walls?icajable?of iill? deeed of llkiie.rs:, and: just the sort of ?ieole wli'vwoiild continii;. to" live iil the ca:stle :wiSheiL they; ougli:t to bhave been reposing; like respriecttble; utiibers oof liti Greek .Ohticl ini tlie. iuiuber of: squie feet of soil allotted to them. i. Unfortunmitely insteeid of being buriedi`sonuile ictd..beeni lii iintobit. family vault, buiid were l;erhips mnore r';stless on thit: account.:- WhaLtevemr: e the h ii:isoiti' the curment supi:stitii was,tlh?at thie ogiimnls of somei of the o liotFiamits :whih -idicmjedl ::the' walls of this large hall contieinted to ii?habit the castle, to the exclusion of its prieseit latiful; piossesrs0 s; aind iiL exti;emelyj??it ; _ e-lookiui Selavoniianr vaumior ' if : thatttleiaxe : I ris haim te nd what sceined to be some sor?t?iof d-iili atL his feet, was the minost generally acknoivledg"d spiccite.: .lj lie . -i;s choiisei Ikiniox not ;:xcept thuit tIme- fiavourite soiiid of, the "ghostly occupait- v as said 'to be tlie rattle of ai di'ulit; Oi ltiet. ltuiti like i toni torni ,which in those eLil. Idial s was ,iikof t?he musical instruimnenits of thlese balbaJ.ikzLiS: confess, at the moinent I waias tlihninig very little about my husiahid's restless? itiiastors , my thoughts-ielre backrifi my own dea :little room at home--thiat rooi in whiili I iii now writing this; and I woiuldi hai:e embiiLeed the knees of the most disei, ttable of spectres who should at that mboment: h?ve poiiiced upoii me front any of the surrounding pictures, and in the twinkling of an eye have landed me oil the door-steps of the paternal : manisionu So I tui'ned a deaf ear to Olga's paitter about -gob lins, and gazed vacantly at the gaunt figures in armour, and the gloomy groined robf over head, and the faded tapestry_ and ill-drawn portraits. I saw that a massive staircase led to regions overhead, as yet unexllored, and I perceived that, it, was really 'true that we were not going to sleep in the castle. Still we seemed to be going partially to inhabit it, for a rather dark passage led from the hall into a really chariuing drawing-room, where the air had been warmed, and the temperature was agreeable. It was furnished in the most modern Parisian style, and from one window a view was obtained of a straggling cottage or two of the village, the greater part of which was concealed by the wood. That window was quite a consolation to me for the moment, and altogether the room looked habitable and light, and I felt my spirits rising again. A small dining-room opened off the drawing room, but on festive occasions the large hall I have already described was used. Beyond the small dining-room there was a billiard-room. A passage led from the drawing- room to a glass door, upon opening which we emerged upon a bridge which crossed the moat, but which was covered in partly with glass and partly with planking. This led into a de tached cottage, consisting of nothing but bed rooms. The fact that the castle itself was of imuniense dimensions, and contained any amount of accommodation, and that the family had nevertheless been positively driven out of it by ghosts, and obliged to build a cottage to sleep in, was the most practical evidence I could have desired that, whatever might ble i the foundation of the belief, it existed pretty Istrongly. I have been obliged, for reasonis \- which will presently appear, to be thus par ticulna in describing the plan of the castle, and of the principal rooms inr it. Til cottage was decidedly al improvement on the gloomy structure we had left. Whereas the.'castle was surrounded on three sides by dense black pine forest, the trees of which overhung the moat, and almost shot their branches into the upper windows, the view from the cottage windows presented the strangest contrast from my bedroom window; not a tree bigger than a rose-bush was visible anywhere ; a neglected flower-garden was bounded by a sunk fence, to which it descended in a gentle slope, and beyond that nothing but grass, with here and there a field of Indian corn or wheat stubble ; still, with the bright sun setting upon it, there was something com forting in its very grandeur and expanse. I seemed to breathe again after having been nearly stifled in the castle. The dungeon feeling was going off, and a motmentary sensa tion of butterfly seemed to thrill through me. Two peasant women were returning from work to the village, and as I opened the window I heard them sing. Decidedly I should visit the poor of the parish to-morrow. I would find out an old serf, " bad with the rheumatiz, my lady," and take him " Rhus." Then I looked at the women as they walked away, and wondered if I wanted to sell them how I should have to set about it-whether they were fixtures on the land, or if I could let them; and theli I thought it would be more philanthropic to hire anybody I saw belonging to neighbour that seemed unhappy, nud that led me to think of neighbours, and I asked Olga who our neighbours were, and how far off they lived. She told me the nearest lived seventeen miles off, but that he was a horrid man, who had ill-treated his wife till she died, and lie now lived there alone; and the next nearest was a lady, who had been married and divorced a great many times, and finally got tired of going through the ceremony, but who did not the less prefer the society of gentlemen to that of ladies. Then there was an old lady who lived by herself, twenty-four miles off; and a clharming family thirty miles off, whose acquaintance I made somieijyear.s after. '::All this was dis :ouraginig, and Ieeased to lie a butterfly again. lim growlingan'd grumbling of my English nma1id, who ever simnce r he iiivald ii Russia id, foir somne ieasoli kniow 6ly to hierself, pertiiaciously riefused:'to have her.tea muade 'i as.iiia:ar;, and' whonow said that when I igaged her' to. accoiipatl ni e to Russia I ;iould have mentioned that "the fiamlily was nlhabiti;cud withi ihosts," did :not improve my fraime'of. iifd; aniil ' weush'e gave me warn i g,: arid aiioinced her intention togo, and I ?hbhoiit hoiw ditictilt it had been to come, I told h %e i th'a iiliciois' sftisfaction that I ;iouillie :C the:le;i.stobstiacle slir wouhil h~ve to iicouiit?er :in carrying out lier design of returnimng to lie?~ i iiitive: ind ;;tofi ' hich, feel nig the inipo1S-ibilitviof piitting' lieithreat iiito ieecutiioii6?hli ietotuil? d that it i' F imy fau?lt if 1\. hadin id e n' "hia Eisbe o Exhiii Siberia: i;id burst iinto .a v;ioleiti pa:roxys of 1'ortuliately the ills, of life lo inot issiuime arge- dimensios is'i t eig hteen, and in a few lays I iihad quite recovered miny oiitetd spirits; I had explored evenm .,nook; ait corino' iof tid d( cahstle ini tliheboldest' a ,iid ntos; sc;i'.ilegioius way. I' !.iiil op-iis I room.Sdusiihiposed todhba 'xcilmsively iiil hictedby ghosts., I hiad beei still.'d wif?i clouid, uft l ist. iii thccoii ceof mt' idives'igakons. T I. had-taken-the skii off m-y tingers trying 10 trini gigantic keys in itnpos? sible locks;;ii d CIOlga haild kept 'i a iespeciab distan.ce behilide, meand utteriedi: little screatli every tine I had bioken nto e ic ioomii. A to the old stew, irdh l iwas is` innhihcanidalised at the ixploiatoiv teCndencies of the umistess s ait the Ofille s of tii aiui whiie I was siiaamitlig g up ricketvy ldderi i?:lit~ l .of il wairnin gibontu':the dii igeiis -of theii -bi :eiking, she ', - is itlisting uon hot-water bottles:forl ther fent oTo?iy toi litelseldeliglit; I discovered iwo ve?yv oci? ble greyh6iiiolds at the biailift "; and i:as horse breedin" wis Ipart of: tie fai?iin opetCitiois, I had noLili nditilty in gettinig ainew nuuit every :1day until I vwis satuisfied ;aiid ;lti :i hol :Olga.n imod I used. to fly aci oss the . country after ,liirs, aiil lio:w foludthe dog and the holses and the iriilers all ordt of each othiai alst - Te?lie I macic u icmo-iiuiaihice witli the hivliole ioulition of the village, and thoiigh:I could not exkeliiigre :in idea with one of themii I found plents to do , ad I was begiinii to tforget all abonit' tlihe "host; when one night ;:jut asts I.Was:going .to sleep, in nfloieices " Elisalbti; or .lie Eile,. gi.es two iolei?t tgasips, ?id faints deadl? aw iy by the side of0 i-:y bed 'NŽ ot: ing iti al;;l l-:f ii nervous teippe unieut iyy, suelo, on' n geei'lly make allowaices' f pei' oniis 1addicti ed to:: hysteia; but .tlhee wis5iiot the sligltest doubitt about the genluinieness of ElisauJeth's pLeseilt condi tiotiand atl Ie liif illalfh:i??ir laped befoire, b.'vdintt of 'violeiit Leinedies, I succeeded in restoring" eoi'iLoiisness. ''Not .thit I gained munich fori o sooieir did sh?. "come to"-to use ihei' own e?; ipessiiidi=than she shut her e~es: a id". weiitoff" o again. This she did three tiimes, and then hein anxiety to tell me the story overcain e6very other consideration, alid she sat up, took rather a long sip of sal volatile, and coiuiennced.: I should premise that I " lad allowed Elisabeth-who, by the vway, never pietmitted either me or anybody else to call her iuything but Phillips, and wihose Christian name was Jane--to sit and work in a sort. of little boudoir that opened off the billia;rd-room, in. order that she might inot 'mix with the other servants, who, she said, were not " sympatica" to her-she had spent a winter in Rome with a lady before coming to me. " So," says Phillips, "know ing, my lady, that you would 'want your riding-'abit the first thing in the morning, and that I should have to let a whole new bit in, in consequence of your ladyship's always tear ing . your 'abit exactly in the same place- leastways three mornings running-I hantici pated rather a long job, and so I determined to set about it at once; and yoir ladyship may imagine the 'orror I conceived when I found, on reaching my apartment after un dressing of your ladyship, that I had left my needle-book and thimble, and hother working materials, in my morning boodwar. Well, my lady, I was in a great many minds before I could summing up courage to go into that dreadful castle at this time of night; and it was not without awful trenmbling-and I may say even haspen- like shakings-that I 'urried along the glass pa'ssage across the moat, a-shading of the candle with my 'and. When I opened the door into the billiard-room there come a gust of wind that almost extinguished my light; and I got so frightened that I i turned back again as far as the passage, and there I stopped to take breath, and that gave me time to think of your ladyship's displea sure if I did not get the 'abit ready, and so I gently opened the door again and listened, Sbut, as Mr. DMuncktiug Mills: beautifully observes, 'the beating of mav own art. was hne honlysounid I'card,' leastways it tliintr oinent, my lady. A inomdent after, I tripped, or i billiard-cue which was prostrated,-and, oh ! what another start that give ime. I felt as if I was made up of electrical wires and was keeping on having shocks fromr everything I touched-being continually and perpetually expecting of ghosts made me almost feel as if I was somebody else, especially when the light made my own 'orrid shadow stand up on the wall all of a sudding, right opposite to me. Well, my lady, I was shaking so when I got 'old of my working materials that I run the needles into my fingers without caring, and was running away, feeling always that some body might be close behind me in the dark for all I knew to the contrairy, when of a sudden, as I got into the passage leading from the great hall to the billiard-room--oh, my lady ! \---" Here Phillips began again to tremble so violently that I poured out some more sal volatile; and. in order to encourage her, as I administered it, said, " Well, my good Phillips, what did you see V' " Oh, nothing, !ny lady; nothing visible could ever make such awful sounds; and it was right in ny ear, not an inch off, as I am a living woman. Just-as I come out of the billiard-room off it went with a bang, exactly like the militia." " Well, but off what went ? could you see nothing ?" " Why, first. I never looked; and, second, it was too dark if I had; it was just at the corner where the passage turns to the glass door; but, oil, it was so loud, I wonder you did not hear it here ; it were like a number of little pistols going off quick as light, one after the other. Cominrg on me of a sudding, and me feeling as I was, and being wound up to the 'ighest pitch at any rate, I gave a scream and a jump, my lady, as I shall never know how many feet in the air; and I never stopped screaming and running with occasional jumps, and once I fell down, till I came to your ladyship's bedside, where here I shall remain and never again to move. Oh dear ! oh dear !" and Phillips went off into a fit of incoherent lamentation and much sobbing, in the course of which I induced her to get upon the couch, where she linally cried herself to sleep. I was excessively annoyed. In the first place, Phillips was full enouglh of fancies without silly practical jokes being played upon her to increase them ; and, in the second, she was sufficiently difficult to please without making Russia more intolerable to her than it already was. So spake the sensible, practi cal Englishwoman; but in so speaking I am bound to say she was not telling the real truth. I felt I was deceiving myself. I knew well enough it was no trick of the servants to frighten mry maid. There was not a servant in the place who would venture into the castle after we had left the drawing-room. M-oreover, Ihad not the very owner, to saij nothing- of the bailiff, been frightened out of tie place years •ago, and gone to the expense of building bed ronios ? Again, what Phillips said ahout tlt naltre of the sounds was consistent .wi th geiueral report; it was said they were so lourdl sometimes that there was not a servant in the plaice who had not heard them. So inuch so, that on certain ni-ghts of the week the villitger'?s i ed tiinidly to approach the castle, ariillistell' andi then, the moment, tlie noises hrolkei out. vwould run away terrified. ;.The diayl. mlst pitrornised by tlhe ghl(stis I hbil. lreird, iwas siaturday.; buIt iletleor touir preseen li i a kept theiii rin:suali? ll' i:lie, o ? e llthri I .r iisai(lwnv s too soinil asleep at the itiierestin g:iinuient to he .iei thini, I know nio0t. ;:but iny ?c'irioity.was, .it- hst. violently- excitd,;:iinn y, ttiirsoine i hat roused,; so I (ieteiunninei lcouete qe coue, to- oet. to tihe: hottom iof tlie i!iste?ry, ?itil liaviiing arrive -itt ttiis ldecision: irrev ii ibl ii uy own r?rimuid, l iturinedl.: iroiid ;ii l: went pe-iceatbly to sltneep.i 1 M} 'first iijirtiction to Phillinis'on the fiollowinvr morpirg, u w, thiiitr she sh'ouldhil not breatlBn'I worn of her exi.rir erice-wlii?? l: I iffectedj tir tiatt -'litly to the Goiifftess -OI, ai or *any: otier.' s;'il ' i;' s enu idi, thatli si?e liA oildb irrii' i ly i rli hi a it, torn ias it wis, :is 1 itliouightiat diayi vith tihe g troevlturids would ntot he a bad preparitruro Ior'a i'iai"t vitli tlle ghlosts;. lorriulne ftvyoured my plails, for it o ihapperied tliit OQlga weint to ?bed early r'ith ai heaidacle, .ind left;; ime reading aoilne in tile (iraiwiir-rqoui;n vv iemn the servints eAme to taIke :aw aythitei1,I told them they might . o to bed iind, pIti tinig a small reaidirig-lamp by my side, I iletei .iined:L to. meet -thel host si.igle hauid-iU Althlough I attempted to read whiile ilivlillli his arrival, I muist coifess liit I otuii il it iimpossible to fix illy attentioln--inl,; ivet.riti seemed: to hiae becoiie'priit?.lirtiril'iillv iin, and I had strung-. my nerve?iY , up toda' pitcli which was perlihps a iittle -bheyotiiwl?'lilt' thIey could bear. It must be admuitt id, iat itor a' girl to sit quite alone in a castle so notoriouslyo' haunted that no lian had ventured into .it '.t: night, either alone or in company, tor 'years, for the express purpose of waiting for the: ghosts to appear, was a very -f:air test of courage ; and' do not think tihat I incur the charge of timidity becuse my heart did beat more rapidly thiIi suial on this 6deasion, and I was aware of a dampness on the foriehead, ac companied by that descriptioun t chill known as goose-skin, although the room was uncomfort ably warm; At last, after a silence of -two hours, so oplprossivo that 1 -aluost longed for the ghost, I thought I had done enoughi for one night, and had fairly earned my bed. It was not to be expected by the most exiqeant spectre that I should sit up for him till day light; and I took up the lamp to go. At the very last moment, however, I was irresistibly impelled to -take a look into the Great :Iall. I felt I was shrilliinlg froim a conscientious dischllarge of tV dtuty if I left this pirt of it unfulfilled. So, very much in the same frame of mind as Phillips when she went to her " boovlwar," I. marched towards the door of the hall. I opened it very silently, partly beCaise I was afraid of the sounds I made myself, and partly because I wanted, if there was a glost, to see hint without his seeing ime, though, as I had the light, a moment's reflec tion would have shown me that would be impossible. I walked straight into the middle of the hall, and turned the light bodily upon all the pictures and tapestry. Everything was still and silent as the grave. I then kept the light fixed upon the other entrance. so that nobody should comre in without umy seeing it, and walked towards some of the figures in armour to look if anybody was concealed behind heam. I had just satisftotorily settled this point when I suddenly heard a deep sigh. My heart seemed at once to jump into omy mouth, and I felt as if I should choke; bhut I put my back against the wall, so as not to be taken unawaires, and listened, but not for lont. In another moment a long, deep, heavy sigh--so long, so deep, so fill of misery, that it almost amounted to al moan ; but there was no it?tonatiun in it. It was like a stage whidper--so clear, and yet without ally other kind. of sound than that muade by wind. .: Itseemed very near me,; almost at uvy eaii so; nest tht. I- turied sil ulmi ly round. I S.lav un iat.tliwtrrti: or ;.vi th ' hat??:th" baIttnlax:e uaid ,:4<,?' :?'':: , ¢,-- ? .? ?. . . . ::'?:. . .' ,? creep, I felt my hair positively rising, and I wanted to run away, but was afraid to leave the wall against which I had placed my back, for it seenmed a sort of protection. Again a long, deep sigh, then another. There is something abominable in sighs. They seem a sort of sound that it does not require a regular body to make. A pair of lungs is all that is necessary to sigh with; a mouth is quite superfluous. One might sigh through a hole in one's throat, or without a head at all for the matter of that. Then there was a sort of catch in one of the sighs that was particularly disagreeable, as if the ghost had been inter rupted in his misery, and then it had been suddenlyv very much increased. I was still hesitating what to do, when the stillness which had succeeded the last sigh was fillowed by a mtuffied sound of beating or thumping, very low and regular, and seeming to echo all round the room, but to come from no par ticilar part of it. As it grew louder my tiars rose to such a pitch that all my resolution vanished. I rushed at the door leading to the drawing-room, which I banged alter me, but tailed to shut out the sound which seemed to pursue me through the drawing-rootit and along the glass passage, with its increasingt volume still ringing in my ears. Into bedl, dressed, and just as I was, and with my head under the bed-clothes, I was still unable to shut it out. A pressure on my shoulder made tme start with a scream of terror --overtaketi at last, my bed not even a refuge! it was too horrible ! The thought had hardly flashed across me when Olga's gentle voice reassured me. Sire was shaking from head to foot ; the sounds from the castle had been loud enough to wake her up, and now is we tremblingly clasped each other we could hear them dying away. The loud drum roll was subsidiing into tihe ituffled murmutr I had heard at first, and by degrees it ceased altogether. The next morning Phillips came to me with the triumphant intelligence that all the ser vants had been roused by the noises in the castle, and that her story, which I had afftected to disbelieve, had thus 'received the most satisftctory confirmation. Poor Phillips ! I felt 1 owed her some apology for the apparent scepticism with which I had treated her story, and admitted to her that I had also heard the sounds-it fact, had passed a very uneasy night in consequence. This seemed to afford her great comfort and consolation, though site relapsed into disappointment when site found that I steadily refiused to admit that the sounds in qu:stio conuld possibly be caused bl5 siipernatrui'al uageny. INo twithstunding all ihih er i'iv hinnnrien my narve warn So iW'iiih shiklikIn by tlhe inclidents o0 this drtadliul nig-ti- tlhait I could scarcely bring" ivsi ltf to enter tie GGreat liall even by day, aiid our: e;veiiif;.siti 1s in thle diawing room iwere.by n0'no intus protr:icttld to- so late an iirolii -ty ~ lt flini:rlyý benl.' i iving . utilliiitl;liconiiln'iiiceitle sidlutitryv eteK of iagreat dieii olfxercise in tie opeir. opoi lie : i'irvoiis'sy:'' etin; Ileyvo tel iiifyel-b . to t destrnctiiiti o-biir:es, iid l-ur soiii?t ys coirsed so ,velemr .iitydi Lit .ii. niew couiiie f rey-: ho6 iids, wiiv h ili tli fititfili'f!ltoil-lghit to relievel fhis' o iV %vet,e; faiirly wor iked off thil legs ?iil:l wIa is si?", lpetjili lly :'li tilitl -iv i the desir ' of'ii iover:iiS'- oniretlii i in re:: iabout tlhe giiis is iistie ciSld.:iwis bh tlios) ? iiii4Ciifyi beiiglis -F n i s l; :i;viadk litiiii in,.. vioinitor :soiinis niiiitil, iat luistineiinigii''ii iis i'la lwiioiidbringthl tillii iflr thiey -iodid evitr Jciu ie ig;iii, ;tll i d iit i -ll Iri l -iilly swelfliin. iuiiflas,'gridnill": fiilliii?gu? .rke tiie '.iidiii'iit the ifor iner ocisiouil,-'id lsio l.Ir flro 0 iii liteii iig nie s ~eeiiie sihisu"i'iii. 'ratliur isiiti e ,i!ti:t O'iiig .' was iin Si.rii , lwjI is-t , i tortignit.;tftler oiy -ast -lvei ad I us eitiel i;ainil id hii Ii- s iei iiml",iii .li .t he mis-. te iiui s''oiiilo'. t; 'l- iiif l iiieirlre.hii ? i':: ,-.-ir di. S-a li@ R e bt uk i; ': -"lii li-;.i-evei. liiiess : : l beeii deeply?piiile lste O, oi ii'fiog-li yoiun tl111 ilil l I n iv -exuKsi l Ctv 1 lof tu i-i i .:i -;.i;isi.. : - . i: ii i- fijts.' le V: eiyi: '`i'-l.O n o i t anh i oriidi ; 1:. 'IS:ff iee .i"S nl all .hs-?'? er ,ili.t ill i.Xe:m;ilii:?,o?.' ..f:1ie u' in g fii clrli; se v h;itisisl'e'pt eta tii ii ii- ie-ti l l e cii i ii?.:sife--i ;"to t r l iiy.- Witw ' igirt in- liit- . iito l i , -; tie:i-y ii?th nuwli i? ; it i ivoiileiid w;o? in f Cf ?.:idi i tsu lich te-rr or - oii iluli t ?? pre viuisi ci'.ii. s I to, b t to ex dy oin ?e ag?a iii .reiolv v t-t eiii iiin-;i mliiheystery, iiind fi? ti? iieitielmd- riiiie.. it not . thi ii ol` tei mumii. thifi iiriit imil.ii iig, asn d rip iit i : fri :;liiu ; r?I.Lr rilimif::i :.i s . .t e jivel dit ihtsii ruvtt(ib lt li@ u-io I -iu ur;ed . tlie tlrst" iiiii wi n;;. y-;: i iste -in- rli iisk?iice fiii t iii ioriiiilg ii' s : wli r ether I l-liiil heard .thel stitiidsll the nu fit. Omi iAy id 11 11 1 Vll-terse c. ol cel I t ill l .-: i1y1:1 iie. .initig:tllii.tillt Iad, sif e sidd Ithat sdiie' inuot elt. s. it fighiteil . ts upon . ito .last oc-i.non nid i relinike'd ýtliarl slie si li'ptised iii titi?.we shouilld !-'? ii uit'uitisitomid to thlin. I told hui I hid:d dieridtd) Si, ftir o bvetiome mhx orig'in~ drdoad, that I hail determined in my :vwn o iwtid to i mnke another. noctt'nal .experience,.,:auid proposedl to her to join lilie -lowever 'brive one Waay be indlividually, a coihp:inion on such occasions is alwis- an iummenlse support. To my great delighht she readily consented to mny proposil. I :.sugested that we should not wair Uitil tlihe next Saturday night, but try at once, und keep, on making experiments every night dur;ng the week; by these means, if nothing was seen or heard, we should have become iaccustomed to the loneliness of the Great Hall, and be better able to ftlee the dangers of the fatal Saturday. I uam bound to say that we passed the whole of this day in a fever of excitement and anticination. I weit hall-a-dozen times into the Great IHall, impelled thither by a fascination which was quite irresistible.. I gazed at all the pictures, Iexamined all the panelling, ascended the massive staircase, which nevertheless creaked even with umy light weight, and became fhmni liar with every object which a heated inagina tion could possibly turn into a ghost. Gaunt figures in armour, with a dim light upon theni, are especially gilost-flK~e and super-. natural. The bars of their visois always look like long teeth, and they make a.nasty rattle when you touch them, extremely disagreeable in the dark. I determined that I should allow my mind to rest on none of these things when.I .ame at niglht with Olga. Indeed,.. tried to take one warrior- to pienes, on purpose. to feel on intimate. terns with him, and suc ceeded sof'ar that I got his helmet off, and could not "et it on again ; so, as a piece of bravado, I put it under his arm, and made him look inore ghastlyv than ever. Then I iweont back to the drawing- room, and by the |time ten o'clock struck I had worked myself up ilto suich a recklessly defiant, ood,-that I tfelt ahllust, intoxicUttd with excirement. Ol, cau"iht the -iitctioan- We could scarcely Srestraild our iiliatieiene till the tmoment culie f: .ii ?i 'sii t.evants.; theu we jumped up and waltzed round the room, a sort of war dance of triumph and defiance. - Then we lighted every candle, and went into the hil ,liard-room and lighted it up too, careless of what the servants would suppose-laughing, indeed, at the terror which the unusual illumination would inspire, and which would certainly be attributed to a posse of debauched ghosts; then we played a noisy game of bil liards-all which, be it remembered, was merely a form of Dutch courage. We were both by this time in our secret souls exces sively terrified. Both would willingly have danced off to bed instead of round the billiard table ; but our honour was at stake, and we kept up) appearances magnificently. At last the midnight hour struck, and, arming our selves each with a cue in one hand and a candle in the other, we marched- defiantly towards the Great Hall. The first thing I saw was my friend the warrior whom I had left with his head under his arm, glaring at me with his black, ghastly cavern of a mouth and hollow eye- sockets, biot, to my horror and dismay, his head was back again upon his shoulders. As none of the servants would have ventured into the Hall since the comparatively late hour that I had last visited it, I was idriven to the tn pleasant conclusion that this mailed knight had either put on his own head, or had got an equally unearthly friend to put it on for him. I felt my courage already giving way, so I laughed and talked boisterously, and rapped his helewt soundly with my cite, as I told the story in a loud tone to Olga. She was at the other end of the room, tapping the patnelling with her cue, as she laughingly said, loud enough to drown the sound of the ghost's drum. We seemed both penetrated with the conviction that our only chance of safety lay in making as 1much noise as possible, so I hegan to tap the panels on my side of the room also. At that moment, the most throat burst troin Olga ; her candle dropped with a crash, and before I could look round she tore wildly past. me, screanting, " Fly ! fly! save yourselt!" I needed no fiurther admonition. Never turning my head, I rushed after her to the passage leading to the drawing-room, my candle also going out, and in we both burst to the brilliantly lighted room, pale, panting, and exhausted. Our first care was to double-lock the door by which we had just entered; and as, in order to re gain our bedrooms, it was necessary to tra verse the glass passage, now dark, we rested for a minute while I lighted my candle, and Olga took another out of the candelabra. This gave me time to think that a retreat to the cottage, after all my resolutions, without even knowing what had happened, would be ignominious, so I implored Olga to sit down and calm herself, and give me some reason for her extravagant alarm. I hId taken the plrecauitionl to provide sunidry restoratives in aisee of our needing them, and in a few mo :ments: she haid compar'atively regined her tranquility. All shie coull sny was, that as slie-a-as tapping the panel oin which was painted thil Sclavoniian wariior, tlhe. iue was s-iiddtnlyý d:awni- out ,i. hier lh Iond -hy soine invisiihle initluience.' She .liiad not let it drop, :itr li id she lirou ti it liack wiith'her. ihere ' noiir: " ldenyiolig .it.i at : the ct en liad vanisled-btt .how, remai nd a' mystery. W ltii;aii slit:f lt.it bei i g iillel f'rouit her.haud shl sseatnie;drpp(i iti 'i tlig' ttiirned and flid,id-do could i.ve me no furt' her infi>r iiiittioi upoii thl sii* jeet .- MaL titimeII we sat aitill isteiti : N o a soutitd doild be heard excipt thie. munuiilr of tlhe wind and the rustllii of th liinti e biranilies which overi iung tlit wiudovw., Feliiigl thit this silence would liiier;ve.: its;iaind 'eliet.ant-to yield to Olga't enitreaties to go t;o .the cottilg, I proposed t.l tii : iWe.tho ild irdtri tir t the billiard-room, iidi.lIhn-otl.i:llf .olrir itilr d iitl v ,i a ii n a nt of bil= lii'ds hiI l.ost ould scarcely be bold enoug- to enteri!a .rooi'r i in which there were tiften eiiiindles butiui i;, and if. the sounds weie. as itsld asiusual,' we would sit there and lisited to themli- sifely-.' Alter some hesitation, Initlionpatiinu liilsentedto this arrangement, aiifd i T went throtgii the forl of knocking. tlhe bIlls abot)''witlhout; however, beiing able to :get rid foi nill instiant ofa tihe one tholught ippeqmost: iii both our mindsi .:" ery now mid; the i by utilttl 'coisient; we sto)pped and 'listiued; but not. a sound was audible. I was 'o'i' the ;oiint oft propoi4g another visit to tile iflid;l when tile banug of a dista:t door. hecked the iivoiaids s' they iose to mny lips, and. made us both startrand tremble. Then agin r ftionilu' stillness. It Was 'iow i'eiirly two o'clock, but as I had quite iiadel ilp Iiy minld not to go to bed'without one imiore i tte?iipt .iit unravelling the inystery,-.I deterIuineI first quietly to go over in my -mind the events Wlicih had occurred up to. this priit;, lhoping that somehow Iu migilt h!it upon thue cle. As I did so, it fla'led: a:ross m.ethat ,iupon the .occitioi aof imy first visit: I' h.ear d the ighs wheni I was staudiui'n o thei.side Ol 'the iroom near the picturi. of the Sh'tivOtiiant warrior, lad that as' I leant un:y back igai"stit: they 'seetied iearer alid louder. . _ This' the niiglit bie the hauuted spot, if iinly one pli e" in this " possessed" old building. wIas more liaultted thani another, for exactly here it 'was that Olga had lost her cue. It was a-sort of con fort gettiung some defiuite loaality to fix upon for investigation, and a comfort to have a distinct reason for revisiting the H-all-ily distinct reason being that I wanted to see whether the cue was lying upon the floor, or had really, as Olga maintained, been spirited away altogether. Mly curiosity on this point was so great that I firmly resisted all her endeavours to dissuade le from going back. I finally promised, however, that we should only go as far as the Hall douor, this time on tiptoe; that we should open it gently and look in, and be satisfied, if we saw the cue lying on the floor, to leave it there without venturiug further ; if not, to rest content with our experiences for the night, and put off our investigations as to what had become of the cue to some future occasion. This being decided upon, we once more screwed up our courage to the sticking-point, and returned to the drawing-room, where every thing was still lighted, and stayed for a mo ment to listen. To my dismay and regret, for I saw my companion's resolution would fail her, we distinuctly heard a sort of shuffling sound, as of soume one crossing the Hall in slippers. At this time I felt such intense anxiety to know what had become of the cue that. I. as resolved to go on alone if Olga would not conme with tmie; amid when I saw litr silik back almost fainting into a chair, I felt it would be cruel of me to urge her furthlmer. Indeed, at the morment she was so fiightened than she was unable even to go back to the cottage, iich .lebss to the hall. I therefore crept cautiouslv on by myself,. and, befom openiig ihe :door inito thin hall, leant my -ear- against it aiid liteed.-? 11l silent. I put my Iiiºi: gently on i the Iold fashioned latch, which.' Ifrf lumiitel,.i. could; tLiur ..without nodismuandi ?i hes e ithe dor'. softly open. lime _clavonmu sa"i"?or -hun on the wall to the left as I entered, and as the door also opened back into the hall on the same side, I found I should be obliged to - either fling it well back on advance into the room in order to have a view of the floor at the foot of the picture, where I expected to find the cue lying. I should remark that, on passing through the drawing-room, it occurred to me to take, instead of a candle, a reading ' lamp with a very strong reflector, which, though somewhat heavy, could be made to throw a bright light. Before pushing the . door wide open I gave my lamp an extra twist; then, with every fibre strung, I.took one bold step into the room, and turned the lanmp full on the left-hand wall. What I then saw fairly rooted me to the spot with amazement and dismay. The Sclavonian warrior had utterly vanished, and in his room, or I should rather say in a room, there appeared a bed. a table with a loaf of bread upon it, a chair, a pair of jack-boots, and a sword hanging above them. For an instant - 1 felt dizzy with bewilderment, then turned and fled. I was more thoroughly frightened ' than if a legion of drumming ghosts had marched into the hall. The denouement was so utterly unexpected, so terribly real, so ex actly the reverse of supernatural, that the very contrast was a shock. Spectral figures in white robes, or even the Sclavonian war rior beating his own drum, I could have borne; but a bed which had evidently just been occupied, for the clothes were all tum bled, a pair of jack-boots probably just pulled off, and a half-eaten loaf of bread, were sights infinitely more alarming. I felt that the oc cupant of the mysterious chamber must be the sort of person who would murder me if he caught me; and my tell-tale face as I rushed through the drawing-room required: no explanation. Olga was sufficiently re-; covered to fly after me, and once more, breathless and exhausted, we reached my bedroom. Here I explained to my sister-in law what I had seen, and we spent the re maining hours till daylight in accounting .for the ghostly sounds, and in vague conjectures as to the ideliity of the individual who pro duced them. lThe. servants were somewhat . astonished not only to find us up at the ears liest hoin in the morning, but to receive an order to send the white-headed steward to us. Meantime Mrs. Phillips had been made acquainted with our discovery, which she communicated in a tongue of her own invention to the rest of the house hold, so that when the steward came we were followed by the whole establishment to the Great Hall. To my astonishment another change had taken place since my last visit. The Sclavonian warrior was no longer there, it is true, but no more were the bed, or the table, or the chair, or the big boots, or the loaf of bread, or the sword. Everything had disappeared except the room, and into that we entered. It was built into the solid wall, here nine feet thick. The panel occu pied by the warrior had been five feet by seven, and this was the size of the entrance to the room. The dimensions of it were as follows :-eight feet in breadth, twelve feet in length, seven in height-the floor was one foot higher than that of the hall. It was now quite empty, though the stains of liquor spilt on the loor showed it to have been recently occupied. After some difficulty we suoc,"0-e-" in. drawing out the panel, whickl lessly .along its groove, and' gradually emerged once more to ti, day. We examined the edge of it\ and lid not close it completely foir ff unnerstanding.the trick of the spriit we discovered the- right spot to touch the panel, we found it acted ahnost hair-trigger. It was in the crevice oif a rot against winci tile warrior, was: iteainitge Tie elfect of a very gentle pressure here made the panel roll softly back of its own accord about an inch. As the carving of the panel pro jected, this opening was generally in shade, so that it might very well be a little open without being visible. There was no difficulty supposing I had-been leaning within a foot of this apartment, in accounting for the sighs which the occupant had probably resorted to as the easiest mode of frightening me away, before lie began to beat his drum. In the" same way the point of Olga's cue must have slipped into thisopening, and been dexterously snatched out of her hand. We never saw the cue again. The unfortunate part of it all is, "that here my story ends." Who the man who lived in this room was, why he lived there, whether more than one lived there, are all questions which we went on asking until we gave it up in despair. I. used often to suspect that the old steward knew something about it; but he pretended to be as much sur -prised as any of us at the discovery. The most likely hypothesis is that some political refugee had made it his abode, preferring it to Siberia, or something still more summary. Whoever he was, he had enjoyed free lodging for twenty years, as during all that period the castle had been haunted. Judging by the specimen I saw of it, his fare had been of the simplest description; indeed, not the least difficult part of the problem is how he managed to get supplied with provisions at all. Nor is it easy to explain why lie left the panel open for us. to discover his room, unless we suppose that he did not give us credit for sufficient courage to revisit the hall after he had taken Olga's cue. Again, he must have seen me standing in the hall, or he could not have known that I had found out his secret, and have decided on utterly abandoning his home for ever and t:king all his property with him. Where he tCOOK 1ns taDLe ana ens cauir anu is IBea co lak another mystery that will never be solved4: more especially as tile old steward is dead, who, as I have already said, I have always felt firmly convinced could have thrown some light on the subject. I need scarcely say that no sounds have ever been heard in the castle since that eventful night. Some of the trees have been cut down, and some of the bedrooms are re furnished, and made habitable and cheerful. The recess itself always stands open, -and' contains a whist table; but the Sclavoniano warrior often sees the light, for the story is still often told, and without him it would be a ghost story with the ghost left out. The Admiralty want an improved compass for use in the navy, the present one being unreliable during the firing of heavy ord ianoe. ''The number of sheep transported by the Highland Railway during last Septemnlne was no less than 60,000, and the traflic shows no signs of decreasing. DR. ABERNETHY, THE EMINENT LONDON PHY sician, is reported to have said, that "his ois takes would fill a graveyard," and if this confes sion was volunteered by so distinguished a practi tiohue, what extreme caution should be used by those in quest of an adjuvant, a diuretic, or a tonic. To avoid all mistakes, ask for UDOtiNo WoLFass SCHIEDAM AEOMATIo SCHNIsPPs and hy .a,ioutinuous use of-tne same, secnur for yourstelf :ai extended lease on life.., 