Twice Resurrected. A LADY BURIED TWICE AND FINALLY . BROUGHT TO LIFE. A woMAN in Snicarte, Mason county, Ill., to all appearance died. But a few weeks previous to this she had given birth to a child, and was apparently well, with the exception of a nursing sore mouth, from the effect of which she had grown quite weak; so much that her husband thought it necessary to call in a physician, but she objected, insisting upon waiting a few days longer, thinlking she could manage the affection without the aid of a doctor. She soon afterwards very suddenly sank away, and to all appearance gave up the ghost. The body was kept till the next day, about 2 o'clock p.m., when it was enclosed in a coffin and taken to the graveyard, followed by a great many mournful friends. In laying her out, her arms were tied together, above the elbow, with a piece of cloth, so that her hands would retain a position across her breast. At the grave some friends wished to view her remains, and the coffin was opened that they might do so. On removing the lid over the glass they could not see through the moisture on it, and it was then seen that one of her hands had been torn loose from the bandand was lying by her side, and her arms were as limp as of one alive. The circumstances bore upon the minds of several present, but still they could not entertain any notion but that she was dead. Her hands were again placed in position across her breast, and retired with the same strip of cloth, and she was buried. After re turning to their homes, several of the parties who had noticed the singular appearance of the corpse commenced to talk it over, and they soon raised a doubt in their minds that she was not dead. About 5 o'clock that same evening several went to the grave and took the body up. On opening the coffin they found fresh moisture on the glass of the coffin lid, and her hands were again broken from the cloth that bound them, and they were both lying by her side, and instead of her being in the least rigid, they and her fingers were flexible. Notwithstanding all this, they could not convince them selves but that she was dead, and she was re-buried. The matter was gener ally discussed in the neighbourhood, and by the following Sunday the ex citement had grown so intense that it was decided to exhume her the follow ing day. The next day, Monday, after she had slept beneath the sod for four days and nights, she was again resur rected and taken to her home, where she has been slowly but gradually im proving. Her friends entertain the strongest hopes of her recovery, which, if she does, will be a remarkable occur rence, long to be remembered by the people of Snicarte. The way in which this affair was managed was, to say the least, very singular.-Penn YanExpress 