THE CHRISTIAN MINISTER: HIS OFFICE AND WORK. BT THE BBV. THOS. HOPE. ADDKESS AX THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE CONGRE- GATIONAL UNION. (Concluded.) " But now, having considered the nature of the office of the Christian ministry, with its necessary qualifications, let me say a word or two in reference more especial to the work in which the Christian minister has to engage. " And, first of all, I would say he has to preach—to preach the Gospel. Preaching was the means ordained by Christ Himself for the conversion of men and for the extension of His kingdom. His command to His disciples was—' Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel.' I know that there are those in the present day who would tell us that the days of preaching arc numbered, and are fast drawing to a close. They tell us that the power of the pulpit is declining, and that it can never again exert the influence which it has done in the past. But all such statements as these remain to be proved, and for myself I simply don't believe them. I admit freely enough that the circumstances of the times make new and ever increasing demands upon the preacher, and I agree with what was said recently by one of onr great preachers—'that the work of the pulpit has to be done under new conditions, and requires different qualities in order to ensure success. It has to deal not only with opinions and tendencies that are characteristic of the times, but what is of equal importance, with an entirely changed condition of general intelligence. It has to compete with new and formidable rivals, who are not slow to criticise, and who, if they cannot overthrow its power, can at least make its retention more difficult.' But whilst admitting all this, I hold that the pulpit is still the chief sphere of the Christian minister's activity and work. It is there that he has to exercise his influence for the most part over the minds and hearts of men; it is there that he must do his chief work as an ambassador for Christ, beseeching men to be reconciled to God. For to-day, as in the days of the Apostles, it is by the ' foolishness of preaching' that God is pleased to save them that believe. " It is not, however, so much a question as to whether or not it is the duty of a Christian minister to preach—but rather how he is to preach so as TO MEBT THE WANTS OF THE PRESENT AGE, and to commend the Gospel to the hearts and consciences of men. For, as one has remarked, ' the Gospel itself may be preached, and yet so preached as not to adapt itself to the wants of the people or of the age.' And hencc it follows that if the power of the pulpit is to be maintained it must be by having in the pulpit men duly qualified' for their work—not in the sense of being 1 ' duly ordained'—but of being peculiarly fitted and gifted by God for the great and blessed work of winning souls for Christ. " And here there are two questions which must be considered—(1.) What is it that the Christian minister has to preach, or, in other words, what is his message ? And (2) how is he to preach it ? "And first as to the message—what is it we have to preach ? Taking the New Testament as our guide— there can, I think, be little doubt respecting our topic, however much there may be of variety of opinion respecting the manner in which it is to be presented. The Apostles—none of them differ in the subject matter of their discourses, however much they may differ in the presentation of it. They have all one theme in common, and that is—Jesus Christ. His person, His character, His words, His works, form the basis of all their teaching. They make Him the subject of all their discourses. They point to Him as their example and pattern. 'Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example that we should follow in His footsteps.' They speak of Him as the revealer of divine truth, who hath abolished death and brought life and immortality to light by the Gospel. They held Him forth as the living embodiment of all that is pure and true and holy and godlike—nay, they eveu go so far as to speak of Him as the image of the invisible God. 'The brightness of his glory and the express image of Ilis person.' But the one fact concerning Christ upon which all the Apostles in all their teuching lay especial stress, is His death. Not the words, not the works, not the life, but the death of Christ is their one grand theme, They preach Christ crucified. Writing to the Coriuthiun Church—we hear the Apostle Paul saying—' And I, brethren, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech or of wisdom declaring unto you the testimony of God I determined to know nothing among you save Jesus Christ and Him crucified.' 'For the Jews require a sign, and the Greeks seek after wisdom, but we preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a stumblingblock and unto the Greek foolishness, but unto them which are called, both Jews and ..Greeks, Christ the power of God and the wisdom of God.' And so in like manner do we find all the Apostles speaking concerning Christ. Over and over again, in varying phraseology, we hear them saying—'Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures' While we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.' It is thus the death of Christ which is continually set forth as the ground of our atonement. 'We were justified freely,' says Paul, 'by the redemption which is in Christ Jesus, whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in His blood.'—Rom. iii. 24, 25. 'Ye were redeemed, not with corruptible things as silver and gold, but with the precious blood of Christ.'—1 Peter i. 18. 'If the blood of bulls and of goats and the ashes of an heifer sprinkling the unclean, sanctifieth to the purifying of the flesh : how much more shall the blood of Christ, who through the Eternal Spirit offered Himself without spot, purge your conscience from dead works to serve the living God ?'—Heb. ix. 13, 14. ' The blood of J esus Christ, God's Son, cleanseth us from all sin.' —1 John i. 7. " But whilst the Apostles thus lay such stress upon the fact of Christ's death, and make that the central point of all their teaching, and set it forth as the ground of our justification before God, it is yet no dead Christ whom they present to us, but A LIVING SAVIOUR. If they tell us that Christ died for us according to the Scriptures, they are equally plain in telling us that He rose again according to the Scriptures. If on the one hand they speak of one, who though in the form of God, yet took upon Him the form of a servant and humbled Himself and became obedient to death, and that the death of the cross; they tell us too, how that God hath highly exalted Him and given Him a name which is above every name. Thus in the very first sermon preached by the Apostle Peter on the day of Pentecost, upon which he and his fellow Apostles were all filled with the Holy Ghost, we hear him saying, 'Ye men of Israel, hear these words—Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles and signs, which God did by Him in the midst of you as ye yourselves also know—Acts ii. 22, 23, 32, 33." Him ye have taken, and by wicked hands have crucified and slain, whom God hath raised up. This Jesus hath God raised up, whereof we all are witnesses. Therefore, being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, He hath shed forth this which ye now see and hear.' And it is thus all the Apostles speak concerning Christ, as a living, reigning, exalted Prince and Saviour, ' who ever liveth to make intercession for us, and through whom we have boldness an<' access into the holiest of all.' The Christ of the Gospel is in truth a living Christ, who having by His sacrifice and death upon the cross expiated our guilt and freed us from the guilt and from the power of sin, lives to-day and lives for ever as our Advocate and Mediator and Intercessor before the throne of God. 'Seeing, then, that we have a Great High Priest that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold fast our profession. For we have not a high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin. Let us therefore come boldly to the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in our time of need.'—Heb. iv. 14—16. " Such, in brief, I take to be the message the Apostles delivered, and which we, if we are true ambassadors for Christ, must deliver too. We have not to preach theories of our own, but to preach Christ. For, says the Apostle Paul, referring to the Gospel which he preached—'Though we, or an angel from heaven, |ircach any other Gospel to you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.' THERE IS NO NEW GOSPEL to preach; but that same old Gospel which the Apostles preach is still now as then ' the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth ' We cannot improve upon it with any new theories of our own. It is as suited to the wants of the present age as ever it was for the wants of the past age, and so long as the fact of sin and the need of redemption remain, that old Gospel must continue to be prcached. We want no new Gospel, for the old story is ever new, and its power is ever the same. ' It makes the wounded spirit whole, And calms the troubled breast; 'Tis manna to the hungry soul, And to the weary, rest.' " The preaching of the cross will ever find aD echo in men's hearts. The simple story so often told of a Saviour's dying love will never cease to touch the very tenderest cords of a man's being, the Cross will ever be the mightiest power in the world to touch the hearts of men. Well indeed might the Apostle Paul, who had felt so deeply in his own heart the power of the cross, and who had seen its powerful effect upon the hearts of others, say,' I am not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ.' And well may every Christian rejoicing sing:— * In the Cross of Christ I glory, Towering o'er the wreaks of time; All the light of sacred story Gathers round its head sublime. Baue and blessing—pain and pleasure, By the cross are sanctified, Peace is there that knows no measure, Joys that through all time abide.' " 0, it is a grand old Gospel—this Gospel of Christ. Let us preach it, let us preach it more faithfully even than we have done in the past. Let us preach Christ only. " But here let me in a few words state what I mean by preaching Christ. How is Christ to be preached ? "There are some very good Christian people who seem to imagine that Christ is not preached unless something i6 said in every sermon about Christ—unless, in fact, His name is continually repeated. Now, I cannot think for my own part that this is at all necessary to the faithful preaching of Christ. For I can concieve of a sermon being preached in which Christ may in fact form the subject of the discourse, and yet be one in which Christ is not truly preached at all; and another in which the name of Christ is never mentioned, and whilst there is no direct reference to Him, yet from the beginning to the end breathes the spirit of Christ, and is one in which Christ is truly preached. For, I take it, that whenever we seek to enforce Christ's precepts upon men, and seek to inculcate such duties as forgiveness, self-denial, and the like, we are as truly preaching Christ as when we make Him the express subject of our discourse. When the Apostle Paul says, ' I determined to know nothing among you save Jesus Christ and Him crucified,' he did not mean that he was determined to speak only about the Lord Jesus in every sermon, upon every occasion, always and everywhere. Nothing of the kind. What he meant, I think, was that he determined to make ' the cross of Christ' the centre of all his teaching, and would bring it to bear upon all the duties of life. He would let his whole teaching be PERMEATED WITH THE SPIRIT OF CHRIST. And it is in this manner that we must preach Christ. We must make our preaching to have a direct bearing upon all the varying wants and needs of man. It must deal more or less with all the great questions which occupy men's thoughts. It must bring the life and teaching as well as the death of Christ to bear upon every sphere and every department of human life. And it is only as we are able to do this that we preach Christ fully. " But, further, as to the way in which Christ must be preached. I would say He must be so preached as that men will belipve in and receive Him. It is no use preaching else. 'We do not want,' says one, 'fine essayists, speculators, philosophers, or mere rhetoricians in the pulpit; but we want men who will present the Gospel in such form that even the learned and refined may feel its power, while the poor and unlettered are able to comprehend its meaning. We want preachers who will speak out of the depths of their own spiritual experience.' If wo don't make men feel the power of the Gospel, we may as well give up our preaching ; and I think that the way to make men believe the truth which we preach is, first of all, by letting them see that we ourselves believe it. If the preacher of the Gospel so speaks (is that his hearers half suspect that he does not fully believe himself the truth he proclaims; if he speaks with l&sitancy; and gives expression to doubt instead of speaking as one who ' knew in whom he believed,' he need not wonder that his preaching fails to produce conviction upon the minds and hearts of his hearers. It is needful, above all things, that men shall feel that the preacher himself believes every word he speaks. And, further, I would urge the necessity of intense earnestness in the preaching of the Gospel. Knowing ihe terror of the Lord, we must' persuade' men—we have to beseech men to be reconciled to God, and we can do this in no better way than by letting them see that we are really in earnest. Not only must they feel that we ourselves believe that which we preach; but they must be made to feel too that wc. are in earnest in our desire that they should believe it too. It is this spirit of earnestness which more than anything else makes the preacher a powerful ' pleader with men.' One of the most famous among Unitarian preachers says, ' Much as the age requires intellectual culture in the minister, it requires still more that his acquisitions of truth should be instinct with life and feeling ; that he should deliver his message not mechanically and " in the line of his profession," but with the sincerity and earnestness of a man bent on great effects, that he should speak of God, of Christ, of the dignity and loveliness of Christian virtue, of heaven and redemption, not as of traditions and historical records about which he has only read, but as of realities which he understands and feels in 'THE VERY DEPTHS OF HIS SOUL.' Earnestness on our part as preachers of Christ's Gospel is, I believe, more than ever needful; the age in which we live demands it—the work in which we are engaged requires it—the cause which we are seeking to advance deserves it—and the message which we have to deliver claims it. Let us then preach the Gospel earnestly; don't let us be afraid of giving vent to our feeling in speaking for the Saviour, but let us seek with all the earnestness which we can command to deliver our message, and tbus show to meu that we really feel the truth concerning which we speak! " I have left myself but little time to speak of other work in which the minister of Christ must needs engage besides the preaching of the Gospel. I must, however, say just a word in reference to his pastoral duties. I don't think, for my own part, that the minister of Christ who confines his attention and devotes all his energy and time to his pulpit-work is realizing, as he ought, his true position as an overseer of the flock of Christ. I am quite willing to admit that the ministers of some of our large city churches may have so many duties in connection with the position which they hold as to render it impossible for them to do very much in the way of pastoral work: And in this matter I would say that the members of our churches are at times far too exacting in their demands upon the minister, and speak sometimes as though they imagined the minister had nothing else to do but to visit his people. But whilst fully recognising the difficulty of taking a thorough pastoral oversight in the caBe of some of our larger churches; and whilst our churches are often far too exacting in their demands in this matter, yet I cannot help feeling that the work of the pastorate, if not of equal importance with that of the pulpit is, to say the least, a very necessary port of the minister's work. One is able oftentimes to do far more good by a few direct words spoken to the members of our churches individually in their homes or elsewhere, than by a whole year's preaching from the pulpit. The minister needs to make himself perfectly one with his people if he is to exert any powerful influence for good over them. And, depend upon it, our people will listen to our words from the pulpit far more readily, and with a far greater disposition to receive them, if they see us occasionally in their homes through the week, than if they never see us, save in the pulpit. We do not, in that ease, COME NEAR ENOUGH TO THEM, and they naturally do not feel the same interest either in us or in the message we bring them. I know it is said sometimes that people should think simply of the message, no matter who the preacher or messenger may be who delivers it. That is all very well, and there is truth in it, no doubt, but then the fact remains that you cannot get people to dissociate the two, and whether rightly or wrongly, they are, other things being equal, more impressed by the words of a man whom they like and whose life they know, than they are by one whom they dislike and who is a stranger to them. " As to the manner in which the duties of the pastorate should be carried out, I don't profess to have had sufficient experience to venture an opinion. Doubtless different churches present different requirements in this respect, and the true minister of Christ must seek to adapt himself to the special charge he has in hand. But in every case it ii needful, I think, if the minister desires to be a true minister of Christ to his people, that he should fully cast in his lot with them, so as to be able to fulfil the Apostolic injunction, to 'rejoice with them that do rejoice, and to weep with them that weep.' "There are, however, still further duties, of which I cannot now speak,-which the faithful minister will seek to discharge; not simply in connection with the church over which he is called to preside, but having relation to the neighborhood in which he resides. He will, as a true minister of Him who came ' to seek and to save the lost,' seek to influence those who do not come within the pale of the church. He will endeavor to help forward any movement which may have for its object the benefitting of his fellow-men. And he will seek by all the means in his power, both in the church and out of it, to advance the cause of truth and righteousness, and thus to hasten the coming of the Redeemer's Kingdom in the world. " And now, in conclusion, let me in a word urge the necessity of a full and entire consecration to the work. We need, as Christian ministers, to have our whole souls consecrated to the service of Christ. Without this we. cannot hope for success. All our power of mind and body—all the gifts with which God has graciously endowed us—every faculty which we possess, must be fully consecrated to this great service, if we are. faithfully to meet and to fulfil the varied demands which will be made upon us. It is not the men who arc most highly gifted, or the men of the greatest scholarly attainments, who are the most successful ministers of the Gospel, but the men who are most fully consecrated to the work. O, for a more full and entire consecration of the heart and life to the service of Christ. 0, for more of Christ's spirit in all our work, that so we might be truly successful preachers of the Word, and might have reason to ' rejoice in the day of Christ that we had not run in vain, neither labored in vain.'" 