THE MOE GHOST EXTER- MINATORS. (BY A CORRESPONDENT.) There has been a considerable amount of excitement in this neighborhood lately, in consequence of the vagaries of a reputed ghost, which has been playing up in and around the premises of Mr. C, a selector, who is very deservedly much respected. Mr. C. has been so much annoyed of late, that he has made most determined efforts to trap the ghost, but always without success. Before proceeding with a description of the doings of a small army which recently went to Mr. C.'s assistance, I will detail, for the information of your readers, the manner and occurrence of the annoyances to which he has been subjected. Some time ago (about twelve months) Mr. C. was much displeased to find that the labors of his days in garden, were rendered futile by some midnight prowler who trampled upon his newly formed beds, leaving the prints of well-shod feet. Despite repaired fences and locked gates, this form of destruction continued, and Mr. C. determined to watch for the culprit. So one cold and cheerless night, just prior to the witching hour, he took his stand (or rather his seat) in a secluded spot in the garden, resolving to mercilessly use the revolver with which he was armed, should the opportunity present itself. After wait- ing till the laughing jackasses proclaimed the advent of day without seeing anything, he hurried off to warm his almost frozen extremities. Judge then of his surprise on visiting the garden later on to find that behind his very back as he sat in the cold the work of spoliation had been progressing. Shortly after this he fancied one evening that he saw the ghost, and fired at the object without effect, other than, ap- parently, to arouse the vindictive spirit of the spirit, which retaliated by pelting either him or his house with stones on every avail- able opportunity. After a time this ceased, but a few weeks ago the annoyances were recommenced, the garden being visited as before, potatoes, peas, and other movable articles being carried away, and the house being bombarded every now and then. The matter was, of course, much talked of, and on Sunday last a detached squadron under the command of Admiral Bee left Moe to endeavor, by strategic movements, to sur- round, capture, and exterminate the ghost. Hence the term exterminators; perhaps, to have been more correct, I should have called them would-be exterminators. How- ever, to resume the thread of my narrative a troop of light calvary headed by the gal- lant Major E. left Trafalgar to meet Ad- miral Bee's detachment at the scene of ac- tive operations. The combined forces, num- bering 16 men (this must be a mistake; 1600 is what must undoubtedly have been intended) met as per pre- arrangement, but no good resulted. Each individual member of the attacking party was pelted with stones which each preserved as a memento, but though all were well armed with small arms the enemy remained in ambush, the position being apparently almost impregnable. Owing to the dense nature of the under- growth Admiral Bee, who has seen active service before, returned to his temporary quarters much dissatisfied that he had not been able to achieve a victory, and so earn another mark of distinction with which to adorn his manly person. Major E. was also disappointed, as owing to his having seen but little active service, his position having been attained by influence and pur- chase, he much desired an opportunity of distinguishing himself. It pains me to have to add that the Moe Ghost is still at large. Moe, 15th August, 1881. 