JlOW THE MELBOURNE CUP WAS WOE. MIY IIKNKY KK.viuix.1 InJhtt boiiinH of a hcuuiifnl dav, Mfulo Hot't l»y a hrt'eye from tiionuft, Tho horncri woro sturloil away — Tho llout-footuil Whoro bounty witli whining uttlro Shed mora than a noon on tho land, Like npiritn of thunder am! five Thoy Unshod by tho foucu and tlio Stand. And tho moutliH of paio timuwamU were huahed, Whon SomnuH, a marvuiof strength, IVd Uimwh like a wuddwn wind vunlmd, And led tin- hay uait by a length. Hut a chestnut, iwm galloping through, Ami ih>wn whom the river-tide utealw, CnVhm, on bravo Waterloo, i bodied up to tha big horae' he«U. Hill Ornokwdl atill kept t» the fort! Ami tit ot 1)\ thu wuterdtond wheeled, When a ory from the Stand and a roar Ran over grenn furloii '« of Held. >\»r mil. by the buck of the coukus— A demon of munch; and pluuk»> Flashed onward thu favourite horn', Witii Iuh |m»f Ihuning ch ar of thu ruek. Ibrt tho wonderful Qneeiidandor c.mn\ And the thundering lender were three; Aml ii ring ami a roll of lunduim Went out like a inirge of the nva! 'An ICpfgram -Kpurani wimi" — "The volt of the lVi'ljy"--"lho bny?u Put lunik where the eroyeimthogtiui The favourite melted away, And tho marvel that eame from the North, With another, w.u; heavily thrown; And here at the turning thinned forth Ti» i1" unknown, 1 y ah«d and by paddock and "ate, The ntrange the magnificent blnok Led JWobin a lengt h in "tho Htniighl" With thirty and one nt hi Imok. Tut the Derby unit tired at tho rails, Ami Ivory's marvullous bay Pn8vd Burton, O'Brien, and Hales, As tlcut as a flash of the day. But Oough on tho Afriouk star ' Cuuu clear in tho front of Ills field,1 Hard follovvcil by Morrisoidfl Ci'.ar, And tin- blood unucoustouuM to yield. Yoa, fir?«t from the turn to tho und, With a boy on him paler than ghost, Tho horno that luid hardly a friuml Shot dashing like liru Cy tlm pout. Wheu t»raham'was ' riding" 'twiu late. For his friend to applaud on tho stands, The blaek, throujtli the bend ami the M straight,'1 Had Um race of tlm year in hia hands. In a clamor of calls and acclaim, TIo landed the moimy--th« horno With th» beautiful African name That rang to the back of tho course. Hurrah fur the Herculca' race, And tlio terror that eamu from his stall, With tho bright— the intelligent face To show thu road homo to them all! 