CITY POLICE COUET. This Day. (Before the Police Magistrate, Colonel Boss, and Messrs. Merty, Spry, and IlEdee. JJ.P.} Minor Offtoobs. — One female inebriate was discharged, but was ordered to pay 2s. oae-hire. Nkolected OaiLD. — Rachel j&mgin;, a girl t fourteen years and ten months of age, was brought up foe proteotion. Senior-oonBtable . Oleary stated that he arrested the girl last night at a brothel in Leichhardt-street, whioh . was kept by a woman namod Polly Thorpe. From the evidence of the mother, it appeared that the girl: hud been livingp at home until : Tuesday laatj. when she went ont with the intention of. going to service,, bat instead, of. doing so, ahtuwont to the rosrdenoe of Fully' Thorpe, where she remained lever since. She ?'??'? had on several previous ooeaoioBB left her home without permission and lemained away for a couple eftd&ys.; Peter Margin gave evidence oorroborative of that given by tho last witness. The bencbordered that tho- girl be sentito the ' Reformatory School at Toonoomba for o- period . offouryearo. , tic'iuetfs- Cabbb.— Hat3 Burnett summoned' Mary-. Whvbrow for having- em the 14 tb instant at Kelvin. Orove, wilfulijvbsoken and destroyed i ' a window* Mr. Smith aopoared for the com-. .0 plainant. The defendant was finecl|£l, and; /. : ordbredi to pay £1, the-.-ialne of th» damaged dose-to the property, together with Ids. coatsjof-' ? ' cenrt, and two guineas professional coBtn ? , Pfita-Lauritz Hagan sued Frederick Haake fox- . ' having assaulted him., in Elizabeth-street, OHi the lTiii instant. Mfv Swanwiok appeared oav bebulf of tho oomplainant, and Mt. Appel for '?' the defendant. Thiouiio was dismissed. John '; Gayiior pleaded guilty to the ohnrgo of assonlti. ;ing Beury Borgho2br on the 8th.instant on the iBogfto road, and was fined £1, together 'with-' ''?' 'ooshj of court und professional casts, in default sewn days' imprisonment. Mr. Appall ap«, peaied for tho complainant. ..')i Tub Linhitw, Pasty, m Euaora. — Tha, ?? Saturday RtvitiD says : — ' The ldberaUparty iij j j in the ascendant in u1mo3i- every European, country. If it is asked what in this-triumpH, of the Liberal party ia triumphing, what are. the principles ou whioh the party is agreed, and, -; what am the aims towards whioh it. iB striving, it in autonisbing how many of tho old aepira.. tioiiB of tlw Liberals, as. wo used to know them, havo Ruab into donnetudo. To. begin with, there is ao» not the slightest ants-monarebjoal feeling. Gigantic armies and a modest pro- ' portion of ironcladi are demanded with aa much favour by Liberals as by any one elao. Under tho influenco of this supremo desire for miliiury Hrongth., tho old Liberal faith in, political economy has dwindled away until it hardly exintd na the ghost of a tradition. It ia. tine that the Liberal party in Europo has one strong fooliujj which umtoB it, and that is a, horror nf ncmrfiHHivn finnijilittm. Rnfc. in thn Amf. place, thin in a uew feeling, and in the next phico, it ia shared by their opponeuts. In every country Liberals have to faou the perplexing question how thoy oau defend a restricted suffrage and how they can ufford an usre. strictBd suffrage. In' llelgium and Italy Liberals are awure that, if evtuy man were allowed to vote, they and thoil party .mjgjjt ' ? bo owppt away altogether,' . 