SPORTING SrOTES. : The enterprise shown by the committee of ' the Victoria Lacing Club in establishing a Grand National Steeplechase Meeting, which it is expected in a few years will rival its great prototype on the Aintree course, was not, after all, properly appreciated by the sporting cuoimiutibj, as see attendance at Jbiemington on Saturday was rather small, considering the value of the prizes and the prospect of a first- classafternoon'ssport. True, the weather was not very promising, but this should not have acted as a deterrent, considering the season of the year, and such an excuse for what was a rather small attendance mast have brought a smile to the cheeks of those who have followed the " illegitimate game" in the old country, where such an afternoon as that of Saturday last is seldom experienced in the steeplechase season. -The rain .on the previons' night made the running-gtonnd rather slippery and greasy, but the " taking bff " and j landing " spot' at the various fences l have been so carefully looked after by the ranger, Mr. Jonathan Brown, that very v- few falls occurred, this being particularly j noticeable in connection with the maiden ; jumping events. For some days previons to | the meeting, Handy Andy (a full brother to ; President) and The Star were voted the \ correct thing for the Maiden Hurdle Lace, ; bat the latter, though he had the advantage j of the services of JBatty, was never really i dangerous, and Handy Andy fairly walked in i at the last. Mulatto, who was backed to ! win a fair stake by his stable, ran well, as likewise did Lothair, but, as a matter of faet, ; nothing had the ghost of a chance with the j winner. The "star" of -Mr. Boughlin's i stable was evidently in the ascendant, as Great Western fairly ran over Collingwood j for pace at the finish for the Maiden Steeple- j chase ; but little Fairlie ran a good horse, j despite the fact that he had to stagger aWg j under the big weight for him of lOst 91b. It j would be as well, perhaps, to point out here j that in both of : the- races just' referred j to there were allowances for horses which ' had never started in a hurdle race or steeple- ; chase, and we think it would not be asking ; too much if the stewards were to announce on : " the blackboard " the names of those horses i which are entitled to the allowance. This i would certainly be a great convenience to the ; public, and is worthy the consideration of j the authorities. Such reassuring accounts ; had come to. hand respecting the hirwh in j which Sir Peter had been shaping in the mornings at Ballarat, that he went out an immense favourite, and the finish between ; him and the outsider Cumberland was an : exceedingly close one. Two strides from ' home Cumberland had a shade the best of it, i bat Sir Peter " pipped" him on the post, | there is not the slightest doubt bat that the I " outsider" mnst have been: landed first past j the post had the riders been reversed. It was | a great performance on the part of the winner, : and shows that he must have been a little i " off" in the autumn, when he was beaten by President, Monitor, and Bbesns in the Hurdle Race on the second day. On this occasion the latter met him on 21b worse terms, and as the race on Saturday was a mile further, and thus all against the top weight, this, in itself, proves that he was not himself when he so signally disappointed the public. Young Alfred ran - an unmitigated fraud, and Dhurringhile, who was sent to cat eat the running for Discount, did it so effectually that the latter could never oome anigh, and evidently the stable made a great mistake as regards the comparative merits of these two horses. Rhesus and Cyclops showed some pace for a time, but were the race ran over again we. firmly believe it would once more resolve itself into a match between Sir Peter and Cumberland, and though all persons like the best horse to win the brothers Grippe have earned such an honourable name for themselves iwyj Cumberland, who is trained by theoi, been fortunate enough to win, the victory would have been. & very popular one. Another great race ensued in the Grand National' Steeplechase, for which Twilight was so eariy Jfcat it appearedaaif itvrawiS over, but at the last fence there was rav Utile to chooBe between Gazelle, Twilight, and Sussex. Gazelle, however, overjumped her self, and one of the best steeplechase » ever witnessed at Flemtegton resulted a somewhat easy victory at the last by&uaar-; # # h amidst the cheers of the spectator j&SAli; " Twilight and Sussex palled up temhl dfe-Cll - tressed, the latter also being verydamB, and&(i' -% can with truth be said that the winne&ftV; X tformanoe ri v&ls; any thing we have seenLone Hand and the pony Simpleton perform over the same course. President's victory in the . Selling Hurdle Race waemot a very profitable one for his owner, as in .addition to having lost his money oh Monitor, he was ran up to £310 before the horse was knocked down to' him, and, therefore, besides saving the £100 Added money to the stake, the stewards made £180 by the raoe — a very pleasant state of affairs for them, bnt not to the owner of President, who was very much incensed at haying been run up to such a large amonnt. An indifferent start partly Turned the Handicap Flat Bace, and Woodlands easily romped home in lmin. 43sec, the fastest mile which has ever been traversed in Australia, but as the starting-bell did not sound until the horses had gone some distance, the pro- labilities are that a mistake was made in the time. Still, as Woodlands carried 9st 51b, this shows what a superior claBs of animals the horses of his year must be, and wo are afraid that it will be long before weshallsee such a galaxy of talent as First King, Chester, Woodlands, Savanaka, and. Cap-a-pie fall together in the one year; < Gorrigan, with his three winning , mounts, on Handy Andy, Oreeff Westsm, and Sir Peter, was at the top of the tree amongst the jockeys, and the other three races fell to Batty, Jellett, and King.' It is worthy of remark that all the raoes were Won by the top weights, and that in the three handicaps the respective winners, Sir Peter, Sussex, and Woodlands, gave away heaps of vratirht to evervthincr. thus onee more nrovino that the racehorses, as a rule, always finish in the front rank, no matter how much weight they may be called upon to give away. Owners of horses who intend to visit Sydney in the spring need scarcely be re minded of the fact that the general entries for the spring meeting of the Hawkesbury .Bace Club are to close at 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, the 2nd August, and as the programme has been placed prominently before owners of horses in this colony, they should have long since made up their minds respecting which events they should nominate their animals for. The Hawkesbury Guineas this year will be a very interesting race, as amongst the horses in the list are such celebrities as Mon- 4 month, Gloucester, Etna, Somerset, and i Gpinningdale ; and as they are also engaged in the A.J.C. and V .E.G. Derby, the result of the Guineas will thus throw some light upon the manner in which these events will pro bably terminate. Monmouth and Spinning- dale are, without doubt, the best public per formers, and if they both start, aud either of Them wins, the race for the " blue ribbon" of our neighbours will be regarded as something like a foregone conclusion. » There were upwards of fifty acceptors for the Grand Handicap, andwith so many speedy ones in it, some difficulty is experienced in selecting what appears on paper to be the best half- dozen. Wellington, with all his weight, will be very hard to beat over this, his favourite dis tance of ground, but it seems asking too much to expect him to give a highly-bred colt like Sardonyx no less than 53ib. Last week, at ' the A.J.G. Complimentary Meeting, Sardonyx easily landed the Squadron Handicap, run ning ths mile and a quarter in 2min. 13sec. l oth, which seems good' enough for the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap, int which he will have to carry precisely the same weicrht. Another horse, too, that looks remarkably well in is Trump; Yoss, who has over and over again shown great " form" at Caulfieid, Flemington, and Bandwick, and the other day, with 8st 31b, finished second to Sardonyx in the Sqoadron Handicap. He now meets Sardonyx on 81b better terms, which should bring them together, hat the last-named is more likely to improve in the interim, and we have most preference at the present time for the youngster. Creswick, Gipsy Cooper, Saunterer, and Legerdemain have bach a taking appearance ; but of the half-dozen whose names we have mentioned, Sardonyx, Trump Yoss, and Wellington are our favourites at the time of writing. The entries, which close on' Tuesday next, can also be made At the V.B.O. office, and we hope owners will not forget that 4 o'clock is the appointed hour. The prizes won at the late Grand National Winter Steeplechase Meeting were duly paid over on Tuesday last, and are as follow Mr. M. Tinnuhlin. finit in rtio n.atV3 National Hurdle Bace with Sir Peter, -j £435; first in Maiden Hurdle Bace j with Handy Andy, £183 ; second in Grand National Steeplechase with Twi- 1 light, £50 — total, £688 ; Mr. F. C. Goyder, ! £500 for Sussex's victory in the Grand i National Steeplechase; Mr. T. Jones,! £281, being the value of the Handicap Flat j Bace won by Woodlands ; Messrs. Bobertson : and Wagner, £169, the value of the Maiden ' Steeplechase appropriated by Great Western, j The other amounts paid away were : Messrs. j Saqni (£50), R. Howie (£35), E. Weekes (£85), j J. M'Grade (£25), J. Winter (£25), A. Davies I (£5), and J. M'Donald (£3), makfrig in all t the sum of £1,946. j There were no less than three protests j entered against Yonng Alfred for the Y.B.C. 1 Grand National Hurdle on Saturday laBt at Flemington, but the stewards very un wisely decided to adjourn the hearing of the case until the following Monday. This caused some annoyance - to the backers of Young Alfred, as although the horse was subsequently beaten, there was a chance previous to the race tnat he might be disqualified, which made things very un settled in every respect. The protests, however, were dismissed on Monday, but Vre submit, with all deference to the stewards, that it wpuld he more satisfactory ;to all con cerned if protests pf this nature were con clusively settleci before the horses go to the post. , y.. The Wyndham Racing- Club Wiqtcr Meet ing, wbidhJtakea place on Saturday, 'the 6th August, bide fair to 'be a great success, judg ing from the number and the quality of the entries which have been made for the -re- i gpcciive events. The entries number as follow Selling Handicap, fifteen; Handicap Hurdle Bace, sixteen ; _ Winter Handicap, ' flirty ; Handicap- Steeplechase, eleven; and! Galloway Handicap, eight ; and if Mr. Vowles r iauipolates the weights with his customary skill, an interesting afternoon's sport . may reason ablyiKJ anticipated. . In accpjednnce with Rule 14 of the Victoria 4 JRtacing Clufc, the following members have been nominated to fill the Vafckfccies on the obmmitfcee Messrs. W. Attenborongh, C. B. Ffthfei\ Harttesher, A. R. tnglie, M. O'ShaftafcsV, & L. Porves, A. W. Bobertson, G &tehdish;, Thomas Smith, and Georg j Wateon. 1 ! \- The first annual general meeting of ' the members of the' Victorian Club will j be held at . the dab-room on Tuesday, 2nd August, at 4 p.m., for the purpose of transacting the following -business : — To reeeive committee's report and balance sheet, and to elect members to the com mittee of management in place of Messrs. James Grice, A. F. Sullivan, and John Whittlligham, who retire, but are eligible for Selection. The annual subscription (£3 3s.) is due on the 1st August, and; according to Bole 5, no member shall be competent to vote on any occasion whatever, or to be ; entitled to the privileges of the club, in ' any shape or form, until he shall have paid hie subscription. The club has now been twelve months in existence, during which time its affairs have been \- managed in such an admirable manner ; as to- merit the thanks of the sporting com- j munity, and there is-little doubt but that the 1 retiring members of committee will be re- elected. \ The newly formed Victorian Trotting Club ' open their seascn at Boccacio Trotting Park, : Brighton Beach, on Saturday, the 13th : August, when an interesting programme will ' be decided, under the management of an i influential committee. After a grand parade r»f IrAth'nm linroas />nmon tVio M oilmen Plain nf £10, Handicap Trot (heate) of £10, and the Boccacio Park. Open Handicap, distance three miles. The last-named event is a sweepstakes of £1 10s. each, with 15 sovs. added, together with a gold keyless hunting watch, the gift of the lessee ; winner to re ceive Watch and three-fourths of stakes, and Becond horse dfte-fourth ; entrance 1 sov. There is also a Pony Bace of £5. The heats in the Trotting Bace have been so arranged as to afford every prospect of an interesting after noon's sport. Nominations will be received !. by the secretary up to 4 p.m. on Wednesday, 3rd August, at the office of the Victoria : Trotting Club (limited), 20 Collins street i west, Melbourne. Handicaps will be declared > on Friday, 5th August, and acceptances, with amount of sweep, must be lodged with the ' secretary by 4 p.m: on Tuesday, 9th August. ; Mr. Bub iert writes to say that the annual 1 races of the Maryborough and Carisbrook : club are fixed to take place on the 29th and : 80th September. < i Barlow, the English jockey, who was thrown from Monitor m the Selling Hurdle Bace At Fleipington on Saturday last, and broke his left leg, is now in the- Mel bourne Hospital, but the shock to his system was so great that, at the time pf j writing, he is not doing so well as could be desired. Barlow is one of the best-conducted < of our jockeys, and Mr. Harry Haines has j kindly taken charge of a subscription -list on : his behalf, which has been handsomely |up- > ported by the bookmakers and sporting men ! generally. " ; . . j From Mr. C. M. Lloyd, of Yamma, we learn that his promising colt ampson Brass, j by The Diver from Sally Brass, died on Tues- j day, the 19th inst. I The settling in connection with the late j annual Deniliquin race meeting took place at the Boval hotel, on Thursday last when the i club paid over, in the shape of prizes, £559. This amount was distributed as follows C. Cox, £150 ; C. M. Lloyd, £130 ; E. Evans, j £95; W. Heriot, £70; T. M. Master, £50; ; D. Yates, £39 ; E. Jellett, £25. j The members of SvdneyTattersall's Club | are resolved upon waging war against the ! " welch erg." At thelast committee meeting Mr. J. Daly brought forward a motion, which I was adopted, that a deput&tiqfti; wait upon the ; committee of the Australian hockey Club with reference to the betting of " welchers" in the ; saddling paddock. » j Mr. T. g. Clibborn last week disposed of j Beauclerc, full brother to Grand Flaneur,- at I a satisfactory figure, to Mr. Andrew Town, i He also disposed of The Dean, who will start \ away north for the Valley of Lagoons, | Queensland. j The following amounts were paid to winners - over the recent A. J.C. special meeting : — Mr. j F. Wentworth, £150 ; Mr. W. Long, £144; i Mr. J. Mayo, £100 ; Dr. Cortis, £75 ; Mr. S. j TTn i ftVi 4 J? XA r tv t i auu tuo fSliVCl cup j IVLT, If, f Melhado, £42 ; Mr. Yeomans, £42 ; Mr. W. | Forrester, £15 ; and Mr. W. Orbell, £3— I making a total of £621. The opening meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club, which is fixed Tor the 23rd, 24th, and 25th November, ought on this occasion to be a great success, seeing that the rail novy runs right through from Sydney to Wagga, and that the only break on this side is the few miles which separate Wodonga from Albury. As usual, the programme is a very good one. the four principal events being the Wagga Wagga Gold Cup, of the value of £100, and a handicap sweepstakes of £10 each, with £200 added; the Grand Stand Handicap of £100, the Town Plate of £150, and the Steeplechase of £75. Owners of horses who intend to patronise the meeting are reminded of the fact that the entries for these handicaps are due on Tuesday next, the 2nd August ; and as the committee are anxious to see Victorian horses compete at the meeting, we hope they will not be disap pointed in thatfrespect. 