NEW CONVENT AT MITCHAM. The foundation- stone of a branch convent for the Sisters of St. Joseph was laid at Mitcham by His Lordship Dr. Reynolds, Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, on Sunday after noon, Ju!y 10. Ths foundations of the building have been laid on a site adjoining and to the west of the Mitcham Cemetery, which was kindly presented by Mr. B. Barr Smith. The siie is an excellent one, and the convent will overlook Torrens Park and Mitcham and command a fine view of the plains. The building, which is now is course of erec tion, aud which will contain five roams besides a bathroom, kitchen, and pantry, is only intended as the commencement of a muoh more extensive structure, which is to be devoted to general religious and educational work. The convent will have a frontage of 42 feet, facing northwards, and judging from the drawings of the architect (Mr. McMullen), will prove an ornament to the hillside. On Sunday morning a service w&s;'cmdacted in the Mitcham Church by the Itev. Father Buright, and from the church a number of the school children, preceded by aco lytes bearing a crucifix and a banner, marched to the site of the convent sing ing the hymrj, 'Brightly gleams our banner.' A large number of persons assembled around the stone. His Lordship, who was accompanied by the. Bev. Father Gondolphi, as chaplain, arrived at the site direct from town, and first proceeded to the spot at which the altar is to be fixed, and which was marked by a crucifix adorned with a wreath of flowers. The anthem ' Signum Salutis' and Psalm 83 were recited, and then the site was blessed, the prayer ' Qui licet Ccelo' being afterwards- read. His Lord ship, with his attendant*, mounted the staging which had been erected alongside the stone and blessed the stone in the usual manner. After a short devotional service the stone waa eet by His Lordship, who said— 'In the faith of Jesus Christ we bless the first stone of this edifioe, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; that here the true faith and fear of God and fraternal charity may flourish, and that this place may be dedicated to prayer and to the praise of the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, with the Father, Sou, and Holy Ghost, lives and reigns, God, world without end, for all eternity.' The four ornerj of the building were then blessed, and His Lordship again ascending the platform, preached from the text, 'The Kingdom of Heaven is like to a grain of mustard seed, which a man took and sowed in his field. Which indeed is the least of all seeds ; bat when it is grown it is the greatest among herbs, and becometh a tree, so that the birds of the air oome and lodge in the branches thereof.' He relerred to the establishment of the Christian Church, and to tbfi various features of its history for the eighteen centuries following, and applying the parable to the- church, said that down the career of time the church had grown and flourished, and was still growing, despite a'l vicissitudes. Then, speaking more particularly of the establishment of the Komsn Catholic Church in Australia, he mentioned the trial* of the venerable Jeremiah O'Elyna, who bad come out to the convict set tlement at Botany Bay to minister to the wants of the members of the Roman Catholic Church who bad been sent out from England. He met with opposition from the Government, and was eo perceouted that he returned home. In censequenoe of his representations two priests came out* and although they also bad to contend against the authorities they succeeded in keeping the faith alive amoDgst the 15,000 persons then in the settle ment, and some time afterwards a better state of things was brought about after a hard struggle. In 1843 the first vicar apostolic to tbe colonies visited South Australia, where there were then about 5.0CO persons without a church, and in 1644 the first bishop was sent to the diocese of Adelaide. Tbe recollection of the struggles of his predecessor was frasli in the memory of many, and they that day bad to tbank God that he had. been so sucoeBaful. in his efforts to promote the growth of the grain of mustard seed. Wlien he (His Lordship) first took his present position a great struggle took place on the question of Catholic education, and tbe development of tbe colony and tbe increasing wants of the people in the districts gradually formed had been a source of great anxiety to him. The priests had been few, but the people had remained lojal and true, and during the past seven years he had opened SO mew churches, 42 new schools, and 4 special convents. They had had to make a great struggle because they were heavily taxed for tbe education of their children. The struggle had been long, and would be longer, and perhaps demand greater sacrifices, bnt they had a right and just cause, and he had no doubt that the day would oome when, the Legislature would^see the justness of their de mand and give them a portion of the revenue to which they contributed for the education of their children. They did not wish to interfere with the religions convictions of anyone, -but they desired that their children might be edncated according to their own belief, and that that they should not be atked to contri bute to a system the advantages of which they renld not conscientiously avail them selves of. The building whioh had been commenced would form a chapel, which would be a benediction to the neighborhood, and it would form a home for the Sisters who had undertaken the education of the female chil dren in the district. They need have no fear from the past measures of grace which had been given for difficulties in the future ; their trust was in God, and it would not be confounded. Many of their nen-Catholic friends in the colony bad been very liberal towards them, as one instance he might mention, the donation of that building's site, and he prayed that God might reward them for it. The influence of the in etitution would extend to the people in the hills, and they might be confident that the work which had now been commenoed wonld be brought to a successful issue with the bleating of God and their aid. An appeal for assistance resulted fa the haad-. acme Bum of -8t being ooUootwi. 