Our Gushing Frienct j by Sans Culottes. He is a young man, being stall on tbe sunny side of thirty, and so inordinately vain that it is a wonder his bump of self esteem does not become a positive nuisance to him. On being introduced to him he will seize your hand with effusion, as if it were the only thing needed to raise him to the very pinnacle of happiness, ask tenderly after your "'ealtb," kiss j'ou if permitted, and then sit down directly opposite you and beam on you with a face of such extraordi nary proportions and loving-kindness as to induce you to ask yourself what on earth he means. His education being in an inverse ratio to his self-conceit, you may possibly imagine that conversation will flag, more particularly as you are neither deeply lute rested in tbe condition of back- block water holes, nor in the starting information that " cattle's riz" ; dismiss such fancies from your mind. That gushing youtn, seated opposite you, wilt keep up a. ceasclcss flow, of chatter, chatter, chatter for hours at a time; a stranger is his delight. He has then some one on whom to make an impression, and this he essays to do with a perseverance worthy of a better cause. The impression he generally makes is not precisely of toe nature he anticipates i but his very vanity renders him pachydermatous, bo he is insen sible to the fact that he has only succeeded in making himself a perfect ludendurru The company of half-a-dozen people of average intellect and educational attainments does not in the slightest degree disturb bur Gushing Friend ; circumstances, generally so disconcerting to the ordiuary man conscious of his mental defects, do .not produce tbe faintest perceptible discomposure of our sweet youth's equanimity ; nay, they rather serve to add fresh impetus to his gushing; and, in place of maintaining a discreet silence when subjects are mooted of which he has not the remotest conception,. his sauguine temperament rises to the occasion, and he startles his auditors with some of the most ridiculous theories that ever amused the human mind. It being once mentioned in his presence that the waters of a neighboring cre*k owed their "muddy impurity" to the comparative absence of vegetable matter, the effusive lad remarked, "That's quite true, there his'nt a garden from one hend so the hother." This was putting the matter in such an eutirely new light that the company dis solved, to think, not to laugh. On one occasion our Gushing Friend had all the effervescence taken out of him. It was not, however, by a denizen of this sublunary sphere, but by an inhabitant of the spirit world, in the shape of a veritable female ghost. This is the only, authentic instance on record on which he omitted his stereo typed formulae. "U'm 'appy to make your ^acquaintance," and " 'Ow s your 'ealth ?" As for the ghost, I believe— She spoke not, but vanish'd, And that's all' she said. = So that a discreet silence was maintained on both sides, and for once onr friend forgot to gush. As might be expected in a man of this stamp, our Gushiug Friend is, in his own imagination, a perfect Don Juan; with the fair sex he believes himself to be tho roughly irresistible. Did he hear himself canvassed after his departure by those on whom he had tbe most tried to make a favorable impression, he would wonder .ex tremely at his supposed, inamorata's obtuse ness, and commiserate her lack of apprecia tion, for he imagines that he need merely utter in a low tone (audible only to the fair one addressed), and in such a manner as to convey to onlookers the impression that he was paying her the most delicate compliment, such common-place expressions as " Where's your father going to muster for branding," or "My horse fell with ine yesterday, and I was nigh as a toucher tbrowed" &c.;, &c.;, to ensure a certain couquest. But, unfor tunately for his calculations, his vanity is blind to the fact that, as a gentleman observed, he is suffering from the foot-and mouth disease, be never opens his month without putting his foot in it; so that he fails to see the absurdity of his calling a girl a " hangel," aud when he tells a young lady that her presence converts "hearth into 'even," he is so surprised at his own eloquence that, when his fair auditor suddenly hides her face in ber handkerchief be fancies it is in order to conceal her emotion ; and so it is, if she did not do this she would shriek. Vanity aud egotistical j ignorance are alike inexcusable, but when ' they are both associated in one man, and that man by nature a bora idiot, tli^y become i so utterly oppressive that their' novelty ! speedily wears off, and leaves the beholder iu such a state of mental prostration as no other possible combination of circumstances could effect. For this reason is it that after a few visits our Gushing Frieud becomes - nauseous, and "stinks in the nostril," and. when he calis, adult members of the family gradually make their escapt1, leaving him with the young and inexperienced. 