TOWN TALK. 'Were they really Irishmen at the great Irish saint's banquet l»st night? Were they even Irish men's ghosts P Where was the rich rollicking hnmonr, tha fine fan and fancy, even the flowery splendour of eloquent speech, like a many-soloured waietcoat, that was wont to adorn the festive meetings of those brothB of boya, the Bons of the odd soil, in the days vrhen they were still green, for the gathering, and Mr. Dan. O'Connor was young ? Well might that rather late leader of a lost cause, about tie last of our Hibernians, recall frith a sigh, the memory of the bright days of old when there were still such wigs on the green as a John Hubert Plnn kett'e, and such coat-tails round the national maho gany as a Dalley'a or a Deniehy's. The glory has departed — faded into the light of snch common day, or clay, ae the average member of Parliament of tho period. 'Tho harp tnat once,' &o.;,. lies shattered, or hung up in dumb stone effigy, as idle as the dead nigger's fiddle and bow, where not even fairy fingers can wake its music more — and the nepers on this occasion were sot fairy. There is nothing particularly fairy-like about Mr. John Lucas, of whose presence, with his equally distinguished countrymen, Messrs. B. B. Smith, Omb, and A. Bow man, Mr. O'Connor, with, perhaps, the one faint flash of Irish humour of the evening, was pleased to say he had ' occasion to feel proud.' There would certainly seem to be some falling off here from the good old times and men when ' wearing of the green' was more politically fashionable, though, perhaps, bo more than might have served a more thoughtful orator than Mr. O'Con nor, as a type of poor Ireland's general fortunes. For tho Ireland of to-day is dull everywhere and every way — dull even in gay Dublin, 'where a great State trial passes off with less general interest than a street-fight ; duller in the provinces where hnmour has gone out under the monotony of hedge- shooting ; dullest in the speeches of her new leaders, who, whatever their other good qualities as 'rebels to the backbone,' do not kxow, like their great forerunners in ' freedom's battle,' ?how to make outrage eloquent and even treason rhetorically splendid. To the ' men of old,' the O'Connells and Grattans, even the Smith O'Briens and Meaghers of our own time, the Irish leaders of to-day are, in any power but of dark conspiracy, no more than in after-dinner or any other oratory the E. B. Smiths and Bosnians o* last nierht are with Dalleya aod Deniehys of bygone Irish banquets. It is difficult, no doubt, to get up much eloquent enthusiasm about men who have so little of that fiery faculty themselves, and whose wsrk, whatever we may think of it, requires so much ; and, upon the whole, Mr. O'Connor would . have done better not to try. To talk of Mr. Charles Stuart P&rnell; a« he talked of him is really to talk treason, though we axe sure the hon. gentleman so more knew what he was talking about than when he uttered that other piece of nonsense about the ' noble action that John Hampden took towards king Charles the Second? ' A little Englioh history before a« well as after dinner would not bo a bad thing for Irish orators, unless the ' poor printer' is to be blamed, as usual, for this curious mixing up of the Charles Stuarts. We are glad there was one En glishman present to put the eloquent ohairman right, if not in his English dates and persons, at least in his Irish politics. Sir John BobertBOn, even if not minister of the Crown, conld hardly have given a silent cossent to the glorification of Irish rebels, and it was scarcely either wiBe or courteous to compel him to disse&t.; Bat, as we said before, Mr. O'Connor is & very eloquent but hardly a thoughtful speaker, or we should not have had the shade of the Duke of Wellington invoked as a sort of companion picture of a great Irishman to M*. Charles Stuart Farnell; Would Mr. O'Connor really like the 'Iron Duke' to reappear with full powers in Ireland just now j and if so, what does he think would be the fate of his favourite fellow-countryman ? 