A staunch Conserrative paper is tbe Gippdand Times, and 'we desire t® speak of it with all respect, because its tone is always moderate and courteous, fdthoogh, necessarily fromonr point of view, its arguments are not convincing. This paper has been much exercised in its mmd of late..by an article wiiich appeared in The Courier, «nd in wbidi the thesis was laid .down'that the only check really required is, as between "the ConndTand the Assembly, to present the latter from at any time doing tbst «f which die people did not approve So check is required as between athe people and the Council, because thing of the kind would be revolutionary from above, also subverave -of: those democratic principles whidi w are all interested in maintaining. Our Gippsland contemporary prononfioeB these views to represent quite a new departure on the part of the Liberals, and thinks it a pity that this theory was not laid down by the Liberal journals before, so as to prevent ail the misunderstanding which has prevailed on the subject. We are, of course, not responsible for any oversight which the Conservative papers may commit in this direction. That is a matter which pertains only to themselves and their surroundings. But it is certainly news to as that there" is anything at ail novel in what has disturbed the Gippsland Times up to the very pitch of perplexity, since there is not a Liberal paper in Victoria, except one, that has not frequently made the same avowals, as our article contained, ever since the discussion on the question of reform started. The liberal papers generally have always been in favor of two Bouses; and how could they stand in this condition if they had not always recognised the necessity of a checi bong held over the Assembly 1 Anything of the sort would be utterly impossible, because the very desire to maintain the bi-cameral system implies the necessity that is felt of ssch a cheek existing. The Liberal papers generally quite understand that cireoiastajjces might arise in which the community would require most unmistakably the presence of a second House to prevent the Assembly from carrying out some of its decrees. Most unpopular taxation might be imposed, or some very strange acts be committed,; if the country were left without this protection; and the foreseeing of such contingencies, however remote they may be, has always prompted the liberal papers to closely adhere to the two-House system. The liberal papers knoip that a Conservative Ministry might, by the aid of its majority, destroy manhood suffrage, subvert the protective system, and do numerous other things that would militate against the general welfare, if it were left unchecked; and Knowing this they have always been quite as apxious, as their opponents in the press are, to have'a second House in existence to prevent any wrongs of this kind being effected. But the liberal. papers don't agree with such an illiberal second House as prevails now, because it would rather aid Conservative schemes designed by the Lower House than prevent them being carried out; find, therefore, . instead af being a protection 'to the community the present Council is rather a danger to the people. It is really to put matters on a safe and sound footing in this respect that the community desires reform, and that the liberal papers advocate it, just as much as to prevent deadlocks, or to secure the progress of wholesome legislation, after a fair amount of time has been" afforded for reflection. And the liberal papers have expressed these views over and over again; so that it is quite impossible to understand how our contemporary can be perplexed by our recent remarks, or by what possible process of reasoning it can discern any new departure by the liberal party in mar recent statements. But while it is necessary that there should be this check existing over the j bly, only to be employed when really required in the interests of the mass of . the. community, no check by a second Chamber is needed over the will of the people, because the'liberal papers hold that having manhood suffrage here, -whatever the people desire jJimild be granted. The Council ha* always labored, and still labors, under the delusion that it exists to check, the people, and not the Assembly Alone, whenever the latter may attempt anything of which the people do not approve. Hue mistaken notion is at the bottom of . all the obstraction and blunders of the Councfl; and this is why its thorough .reformation is garded as essential, lie duty of an Upper Chamber is clearly t» prevent the Lower House from doing any wrong to tin people, and alt the/same lame .to see that the people are a& forded fair time for oonsideiiiig any important cbanges in the lav? that are proposed. Bat when the people show that what (he Assembly desires to cany out has their sanction,' ^hen it is tbe uty of the t once, and jcany a l o completion, f the Liberal nd they clearly ^lain fid w it 'is that * while believing in a second Chamber existing as a che*k upon the Lower House, the liberal papers altogether deny the right of the second Chamber to act as a check upon the people. These views of the Liberal papers, in both respects, are founded upon the Faigtinh system, as usually illustrated by the actions of the House g of Commons and the House of Lords; and Sir CHARLES SLADEN—without, perhaps, knowing it—on Tuesday evening thoroughly endorsed this dictum. For on that occasion Sir CHARLES SLADEN,"in his remarks upon the House of Commons and House of Lords, admitted all that the liberal party and liberal 'papers have ever contended for of this sort, since he clearly laid down the principle that while a second Chamber should act as a check ripen the Lower House, it must defer to the will of the people, whenever that will has been distinctly laid dowa and is thoroughly mastered. And in doing this Sir CHARLES SLADEN expressed a concrete fact, although it is no little surprise to find such rigid and sensible views, emanate from that quarter. We trust remarks. of ours will (dear away. the- mist from the Gippsland Times which our recent article caused, and convince it that all the Liberal papers, excepting one, have adhered to one reform theory throughout, and that there, is no departure from it now. That theory- is, that a second Chamber is necessary as a check upon the first; that the second Chamber should be so liberalised as to m£ke tins check always sure of. exercise for the good of the mass, and for thatendalone, and that no deck is necessary between _ the second Chamber and the people. These are the fundamental ^principles upon -which the liberal papers have always fought; these are the principles which ihe liberal papers have ways openly and expressly avowed^end although one of the liberal papers has occasionally played up some strange pranks, the rest have taken care not to follow its example. Principles of the kind we here lay. down are the essential products 9f democracy; and any reform of the •Council that does not give effect to these principles will be nothing else rthan a temporary expedient, and a most miserable delusion. The •Gippsland Times should ponder 'over rthese facts, for they are no less explanatory of our recent article than they .are generally interesting and 'Instructive. The Ballarat Stock Exchange has committed itself to a foolish actj, and the sooner it retraces its steps the better it will he ifer its reputation. It has earned .a -motion, as "we have already stated in th$se columns, prohibiting any member giving informatics to the reporters as to the sales of stocksoutsido the Exchange, or after the Exchange rises for the dayj and a fine of £5 ie to be imposed span araf member breaking this resolution. The only exception to- this rule is to be .the ehairman, who is to be at liberty to funaisi any information of the kind, if he -is applied to for the purpose. Hitherto the practice of the press has been to publish next morning the Stock Exchange quotations up to the hour of four o'clock, when that' body meets, bnt to depend upon the brokers individually for later prices. This practice has allowed the morning papers to publish the which have taken place np to five o'clock on the previous evening, or when badness ends, er an hour later than the Stock Exchange reportcan furnish. The resolution of the Exchange tends to deprive the press and the public of this later news, or there is no grasping its action. For the chairman can only know, subsequently to the Exchange breaking up for the day, what sales he has made himself, or of. those sales which one or two of the brokers may think fit to tell. him. All 'the rest of the doings of the brokers would be left in the dark, omitted from the newspapers the next morning, if the Exchange resolution were kept, because the bulk of the brokers would be very unlikely to supply the chairman personally 1 with the information. The result would be a decided inconvenience and perhaps serious loss, to the general buyers and sellers of shares, because they would know little "or nothing in themorn^ig aboutthe changes which had taken place in the prices of stocks between the time when the Exchange rose and the hour of five o'clock, when business at .the Corner closes. It frequently happens that a number of stocks improve or fall in prices between four and five o'clock; and to seek to deprive the public of this information in their morning newspapers is really to do what can only be described very unbusinesslike and exceedingly foolish action. Of course it will be «iid that no such desire prevails. Perhaps not. But the effect would br aswe describe, if the resolution sho^ be kept, and if there was no other m®ns of getting the latest intelligence 7 and this, so far as the press, and the Public, and the Exchange are concerned, would amount to just the same thing^6 though the withholding of this information altogether was intended. He argument, as represented to us, whic* has induced a majority of the „Eseiange to vote; forthis resolution isth^the newspapers' own. reports and tie reports of the Stock Exchange irequently conflict, consequence -of the later news: being given hf the press, and the remit often ii confusion to the market. But this armament is swept away clean by allowing the chairman to give reports of sales after the Exchange eloses, because whenever he does this—and if he acts honestly he will have to doit eyery day—the same conflict beturcen t o c•apwAtc the two reports will, of co happen. The press will then publish these supplied quotations in the columns as the earlier quotations of the Stock Exchange appear; and the dissimilarity of prices will remain as apparent as ever. The argument, therefore, upon which the resolution has been carried .is exceedingly weak, because, it is really' defeated by the action, of its own supporters. On #*he nther hand, it is.'xedncing the members of the Exchange to so many children, by -forcing them either to nmafter the chairman, who might not be on the spot at the time, Or to keep their months shot, although there might be good fcoiind reasons why thsy jBhould be thrown wide open. There is something so puerile and tyrannical in atesolaiaon of this sort) timt- Jt^ls no wonder Mr - Mnusfi nd,\Mr SToddart, *0wo o h brokera at th^fioirneFi'have o rq&gn;&d;, xatiber tiian. htt|e anytinng to t do|with such ndnBense' .;It is treating t them like ddldren,.as we have said; d tbppore and men of tbisjkirt reasonably enough rebel against snch a fractious inter- Serence with their independence. Worst of all, the resolution will expose the Stock Exchange to a doubt amongst the public of its"bonarfaks and as we have great respect for the Exchange, as we have good reason for having, nothing would cause us more L regret than to "find its intentions mistrusted and called in question! If the O fT press had rashly published bogus quotas tions, one could understand this resolution, although there would even then be a far more amiable and amicable way of dealing with the difficulty. Complaints made to the conductors of the journals concerned would be the right way to put a stop to errors of this nature. But the mining reporters know so well how to sift the chaff from the wheat—are careful only to take their information from reliable authorities —that no bogus quotations ever appear in the papers with which they are connected. Consequently, there is no reason on this ground for a resolution, which is no less dictatorial and offensive to the press than it is calculated to lower the reputation of every broker who has had hand or part in its being carried. Of course we shall continue to give the latest quotations as we have always done, so that the matter will not .affect ns in the least. But the resolution will certainly lower the Ballarai Stock Exchange in the opinion .of the general public, by the .worst oonstractaon being put upon its «ondnct; and on this ground we think'that it was an exceedingly foolish motion to pass, and that the majority -of the members would act wisely by ordering its instant reciaon. Nothing, in short, but harm can result fee the Exchange by so puerile a move; and, therefore, its abandonment would be both seemly and judicious. We understand that arrangements are being made to invite the Princes Victor Albert and George -of Wales, eons of the Prince of Wales, to visit Ballarat op. the occasion of the Fire Brigade Demonstration on 24ft May. The two princes are serving as midj&ijgnaen; on board H.M.S. Bacchante, which ie expected to reach Bobson's Bay next week. The sittings of the commission of' the general assembly of Hie Presbytery of Victoria were resumed at St. Andrew's Kirk yesterday. The Rev. A. A Ja-m, of Beaufort (the Oldest minister of the church in Victoria), who has not yet been in office aa moderator, was elected as tbe moderator fer the next assembly, Hie members of the commission were entertained i& -the afternoon by the members of the Baliaxat Presbytery at a luncheon given in the City Hall. In the evening a public meeting, in connection with the commission proceedings, was held at St John's Ohurch, Ped street. A report of the day's proceedings will fee found in another column. The commission will resume its labors at eleven a.m. to-day, and it is expected that all the matters on the businesssheet ^rill be disposed of at the one sederunt. The visiting members speak very highly of tbe profuse hospitality of their brethren of this district, and the experiment tried, of holding tiie commission out of Melbourne sometimes, seems to have resulted very satisfactorily. A supplement to the Gooenmoit Gazette was published last night containing a number of «chednles in connection with the census. According to the totals, the population has largely increased since the census of 1871 was taken, as by the returns now issued there is shown to be an increase in the European population of 121,263. Tie total thus far made up amounts to "855,796, but no doubt tbis number will be slightly increased wfceti the returns are complete. It is worthy of note that while the female Chinese have increased by 160, the males have fallen off by S399. There are two items in this schedule which excit? surprise. One represents the population of Boninyong to be 16,633, and the other the population of Smythesdale to bs 14,066. We had no idea that either district contained such a large population, and take leave to doubt it, even in the face of census figures. At the afternoon meeting of the Ballarat Stock Exchange yesterday, the resignations of Messrs Millard and Stoddart, arising out of the recent resolution of the Exchange, came under consideration, and, after some discussion, they were acoejited. A meeting will be held at Meagher's hotel, Haddon, next Saturday evening, at eight o'clock, to establish a branch of the Miners* Association in that district Delegates, and J others from Ballarat, will attend the meet 'G ing. It is hoped that as many of the minein Haddon and surrounding district aa.^11 find it convenient to attend will be pres^ t It is intended to hold a Grand n Industrial Exhibition at. Bathursr South Wales, opening on Wedne^?'. ? 2nd of next November. We hay' bills and pamphlets referring to r 12 and intending exhibitors cap** botil <? n application in our front office' A little lad named Edw4, S » v "§£. a B® d four years, whose parentF*f d ? m Skip*® street, got one of his broken m a singular manner yesterf/- running He after a cat, when one- 00 * toned under him, and, falling heavav^usteraed tte injury mentioned; He^taifin to theHoitfStaJ, where he recei^ necessary surgical treatment /' He usup' weetty meeting _ of . the FireH Briga^gg' /(smonstration committee was held yesterda' ev,en ™g; Captain Morris in the Jj iaj r_"The secretory reported that, with dje jcception of six brigades, who had cted to forward tbe necessary informathe total" number of firemen who -had ied their intention of being present, ousted to 1408, and, with them twentywo bands of 478 performers, making a total f 1878. Thfi appliances on the garand will onsist of fifty-six hose-carnages, sixteen mmiiil, and two steam fire-engines, and four pparatus- carriages. The secretary also reorted that arrangements had been made ith tiie company who have taken the cademy of Music for the week, by which he committee will obtain half the gross reeipts on the nights of the 24th and 25th May, The ground and refreshment sub-committees reported that they were carrying out their arrangements for the comfort and convenience of the people attending the demonstration, and thateveiything iriis progressing satisfactorily. - It was a naive reply, and the relation the story provoked a burst of most spontaneous laughter from the company. A rev. gentleman was addressing a company of Series in tius city yestexd&y; on tiie ssbjefit of temperance, and instancing tbe lightness with which some persons hold a principle they profess, related the following =—A member of a certain church professed to be a practical believer in- the advaaisges of total abstinence, and was bold in the esteem of his pastor as a total abstainer. The pastor was greatly surprised, consequently, one day, when he this same member discussing, in an appreciative manner, a wellbrewed glass of whisky punch, or some other comforting beverage of like nature. He at once enquired, was not the other a believer in tiie virtue of total abstinence. "Certainly," was the reply, couched in tones of self- approval and magnanimous philanthropy, " but I trust I am no bigot" A young man named William Bennett met with en accident at Dyke's Freeholder Monday by idling down tiie jump-up. On examination it was found the injuries were not There is living in the neighborhood ttf Learmonth a quaint old tasbinaa • who possesara some claim to be considered tiie oldest resident of that district. He states that he arrived at Lurmcttth fcrty-one yesrB ago wiHuomecatSeud sheep foffcel»ii1lMiii Jjearmonth, and that hehasremained in The district ever since. Tbe feSow says that he remembers Lake Borrombeet drying up.- He relates Oat in l&eiB; \- w» ra jfxccp tiootlly severe drought, and all the j and undogrowth in district being M by fire, MrieannDiA, to«ave lus stock, his-cattle and eheep driven in the team the'lake, which was almost diy. Then -loldest xaStait" goes farther into details, and remarking -that the la&e; had not up since/gaveit as his opinion that the ot efieep and cattle ran in the basin of the lake at the time mentioned, so paddled lie bottom that the water had not percolated through as it used to, and the only drain-on tile lake sow, that of evaporation by tbe son, had not been heavy enough to dry it np. "There are more """ in lieaven and earth, Horatio, 33 than it of in oar philorophy. At the City Police Court yesterday Mayor presided,ond dealt wifii two drnnkards. of them, jrnmfed William Smith, "was 10s for using obscene language. At the Town Police Court there was ablankchaige- The ordinary. fortnightly meeting of tile Loyal Hand of Friendship Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F., was heM at the lodge-room on Tuesday last; N. G. Oyston in the chair. Correspondence having been read, the report on the sick was taken, and sick pay amounting to £4 6s 8d was passed for payment; also the levy to tiie Friendly Societies' Dispensary, £8 15s 4d. One member was proposed and two others promised for next lodge night. After the 1 -business on the book was completed, the N.Cr. adjourned the lodge to confer degrees on new members. P.P.G.M. Proctor assisted the officer to perform the ceremonies. On the lodge resuming business, a vote of thn.ntrH was accorded to the visiting brother, and responded to. The lodge then closed. The receipts for the evening were £94s6d. In our report of the meeting of the Ballarat Philharmonic Society the name of Mr J. F. Wood was omitted from the committee appointed for the ensuing year, tbe name of Mr Evans being inserted in error. We are requested to state that the soiree will take place next Tuesday evening, 10th May, at the Orchestral Hall, Doveton street. Membens wbo, woe not present on Tuesday last can obtain their tickets by writing to tbe toWerraly. • t, - '. - would am}eaE from the London Standard of . 19th .... a March . § that our late townsman, Mr Junes Croyl^ is still in hot water with his Peruvian Bonds, the total of tbe stock amounting to nearly £26,000,000 sterling, are in the hands of Messrs Marfan and Co., the bankers of the committee. Mr Croyle, at a late meeting with Sir H W. Tylpr, MP-, and a number of other unfortunates, were appointed to proceed to Paris to meet his Excellency thd Chfllian Minister, and ui^ge their claim.' Mr Inspector Holland has just completed bis examination of the Smythesdale State school, and has left on record the following satisfactory report:—" Results, 86'598 ; school, as usual, pasaes most creditably in nearly all suhjecte; grammar, however, still continues rather weak. Paper work of fourth class may be neater. Infant room intsapital order; discipline good; records complete to date. There is a great want of reading Books. The department expects that two-thirds of these be provided by school children. Extra subjects.—I tcus very much pleased with the manna: in which easy dictation, given in English, was written down in Latin and French. Teaching in these subjects thoroughly practical. — J. Hoixass." Twenty-seven certificates were obtained. The Ballarat public are to have two grand concerts on Thursday and Friday next, when Mr Victor makes his debut. We notice in our advertising columns that he will be assisted by Madlle. Charbonnet, the charming Simonsen's opera companies; Miss Emilie Sutton, the talented yotrng mezzo-soprano, and Mr J. W. Burton, the favorite tenor. With such a company excellent concerts will be given, and we trust there will be large audiences. The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Horticultural Society was held in the Mechanics' Institute last night; Mr Andrew Anderson, president, in the chair. Present—Messrs Laidlaw, Taylor, Ross, Kenny, Campbell, Reid, Hogau, Johnston, Perry, and Rennie. Several accounts were passed for payment It was resolved that the "innii meeting of subscribers be held in the Mechanics' In- stituteon Wednesday, the 18th ioBtant; als that nominations for all honorary officers the society to be made with the cecr^£? three clear days prior to the holding ' annual meetmg. Exhibits :—By > om J a Lang, Rennie, and Co.—Arbutu^™™ 0 (strawberry tree); extra fine. pointed holly (new); commend'*" , J ,- Ross—Specimen of bottle gourd (-Rented), two do ITewton pippin arml/' u S hI y ct ® 1 - mendei By D. l5«Ew-2f te « ua "c^dfs (a very nice exhibit), sener^:?? 1^ senecio A flow albo (very good). I r.Hogan—A dish trophy tomatoes ^bx 4 ): J dish of apples (Ben Nov?* Brewster—Twenty^ ™netus chiysanthemums (thirteen ne/ iamed Tanebeii ); a vei y good collection. / Last Tuesda^™^ the Ballarat East Lodge of W t< f l I' Iarti hdd lte quarterly meeting, wJ? there was a veiy good attendanceofiff"?® 1 ®,* 11 visiters. An official visit m/®™ 410131 the Grand Worthy f of Victoria, Br Binder, who had travel^1 twenty-one miles to be present Ttte15fe£erwas introduced by P.W.C.T. Br r ,08, andW.M. Sr Brennan, and accorded ^ton W.GT.'s right Most satisfactory vierts were received from the secretary. « Sayera, and finance committee, Br eorge King and J. B. Gray, showing he lodge to be in a flourishing condition. Finally, one candidate was initiated, and three proposed for next lodge ight The Grand Counsellor complimented the lodge on the manner they transacted their business—being tiie best he had visited The Ballarat East Lodge had always maintained its good name, and ha felt confident that they would continue to do so. The executive had requested him to visit this lodge officially, and he hoped to be able to do so often during his term of office. He urged on the yomg members to consider well their obligation, tod always to be on their guard, for wheu'we least expected it we may be overtake!. He had always been well received who visiting this lodge, and therefore felt quit at home. He hoped that Ballarat would pdeavor to have a similar gathering to whai they had in August last e resumed his stM amidst applause, Hie D.G.W.C.T., Brtfeiidns, assisted by Grand Counsellor Bindk and P.D.D.G.W.C.T. King, then proceeded to instal tiie officers for the ensaiie i quarter as follows : — P.W.C.T., Br Attfrt Beyer; W.C.T., Br J. R Gray; W.T.T.,lBr Walker; W.S., Br A. Sayets; W.AS.,,Sr .Chapman; R.H.S., Sr E. Mills; LIL&j; Sr Hood; W.C., Sr A. Brennan; WX/ Br F. G. Evans; WJF.S., x>_ w^i '•"•y;. Br H. Jenkins; W.D.M., < Br Jamieson; W.O.G.! ' of thanks were passed to was duly closed at ten of St Paul's Mutual on was held on Tues- G. Stoneman in the chair, ited as members. A Mouths at Sea of the members in an *. The essayist was comjvecal of the memben die way that he . had "jtct It was resolved meeting till Tuesday, tbe ice of tiie annual distribnion with the Sunday for the next meeting '-box." After a mianiappears this morning in ilnmBs from Mr Victor to tl«members j the Philharmonic Society, thanking thear postponing their soiree, to prevent itsjdiisg with his lirst concerts which takes de at the Academy of Music on Thursday 'The usual Slightly meeting "of the Loyal Ballarat Lod St.U.£o.O.F„ was held last nyghint the e-ajoin,1British Queen hotel, w£en there • a large attendance of members. N.G.' aapranded. A quantity of correspoDdec f a'routine nature was read and disposed , including tbe reports of committees xynted to amend by-laws Nob. 12 and The reports were" received, And will.be. It .with at the special «cmmoaied,m&et; 0 be held on the 18th May, at the lodge a. Hie repoitaonTiie sick wiece also ! ed, and the «ick pay "due ordered to aid. The reports of committees on t candidates wekingmeniher* ship •»» ') vied, ami being, considered satisfactory candidates were balloted for, and jH£jd. . applications .. for -J?-^WWiPBHved, audcnquiiy \- committees mtei - The receipts for the Ofded to the Vsntonv who, smtatnyzeafad. Atoaamp,mingrburi-}b thc thnec proposals meeting .tercri- Depot the twelfth numl«; of Oa'j&Ult;^at Monthly, from which w^^gather /fiiat ihe "Revised Edition of the New TesbajenV and the "Greek Text of-the New Testament, with the Revisers' Beadings,*' will be published in London during thiB mouth, aad -will be ready for sale at the Bible Depot in June, in different bindings and at various rices. The Monthly is ready for gratuitous istribution. Tbe ordinary meeting of the Neil Street Mutual Improvement Association was held laBt Friday evening. The vice- president {Mr Stringer) occupied the chair.. The programme for the evening—consisting of impromptu. speeches, Jfcc.—was not adhered to, the opportunity bong taken for further discussion upon Mr Weight's lately- delivered essay on tiie "Holy Ghost." An interesting discussion took place before the meeting adjourned. The paragraph about Messrs Sbaier and Iacken can only be published as an advertisement. He Avdtraia&an; Sketcher just to hand is an interesting number. In addition to other contributions, there is a sketch of the stblen steamer ferret, a portrait of Miss Pomeroy, tiie actress, in "The Winter's Tale;" also a portrait of the late Eari Beaconsfidd, and an illustration containing full-length portraits of the two English princes now on their way in H.M.S. Bacchante to Victoria. It will.be seen by our advertising columns that Mr Andrew Brown has been appointed tiie local agent for the London and Lancashire Fire Company, and also for the Fourth Victoria Permanent Property Building and Investment Society, in room of the late J. R. Pascoe, jun. Both corporations are to be congratulated on having secured such an efficient and widely-esteemed representative, whose long commercial experience as manager for tbe firm "of Christie ana Co. will un doubtedly assist in extending the operations of tiie companies named. In connection with the two agencies, Mr Brown has also combined the. business of acoountant, mooeyijTOke]^ and general commission agent, the ~ " ing at Bank Chambers, Lydiard The number of persons who paid to enter the Exhibition on Tuesday was 870. From what has transpired on Wednesday morning in connection with the mismanagement of the Melbourne Hospital, it isquite evident (says the Herald), that some radical reform is ujgently required. A most heartrending scene was enacted within the institution^ which shows that heartless materialism seems to govern tiie actions of^Bome of tiie officers, and winch. is revolting to the finer feelings of humanity. The facts of the case are that a girl, fourteen years of age, was admitted into the Hospital about four weeks ago. She bad no relatives or friends in Melbourne, and on Tuesflay night her mother came specially from Warrnainbool to see her child, and soon after, leaving the steamer she went to the Hospital, bnt was refused admission. . On Wednesday "morning the mother again called at tiie Hospital to Bad that her child had died during the njfiht. The appearance of the sorrow- stricken parent with tears in her eyes, formed a scen< which ; is beyond description. The Minister of Railways (says Ae Argus) mentioned on Tuesday in the ASembly that tiie railway revenue for the p^t ten months is £138,000 in excess of t* 4 sum received during the corresponding te* months of the preceding year. Up to 3flh April, 1880, the receipts were—Victoria' hues, £1,090,774; Hohson's Bay lines, £137,767 ; — total, 30th £1,228,541. Up to April, 1881, the receipts were £1309,243; Hobson's Bay lines, £157,300; to*% il,366,543; increase, £138,002.- The Presbyte 4811 hody in the little River district (write tbe Geekmg Advertiser) hive long been iD-® e of a suitable building for divine worship, and, although Severn attemptsbeen made, the matter was always to drop. Since the return of Mr R •Chirnside, of Mount Both well, from Sco^iad, however, where that gentleman and {opAmily have been sojourning for the past t-° years, the necessity of the erection of a ,unrch exclusively for the use of the Presbyrians q''^ ^ been taken up by Mr Chirnside himself, he having beaded the list with a donation of £600, the remainder to be sup-, plemented by the members of the denomination in that locality: Mr .Chirnside will also contribute £150 per towards the clergyman's stipend. It has been estimated (saysthe Argus) that the costs awarded against the Government in connection with appeals under tbe Land Tax Act amount to between £7000 and £8000. Information (says the Herald) received at Port Adelaide states that Captain Fowler, formerly of the Sonata, has been appointed captain of a steamer trading on the British coast. Hie loss of life by the wreck of the Tararua cannot (remarks the Argm) be exactly measured. It has been discovered that amongst the passengers whose names did not appear in tbe list are Mrs H. Bosenfeldt and four children, who were coming to Melbourne to join Mr Rosenfeldt Mr E. M. Smith (says tie Age) asked the Chief Secretary on Tuesday night what position the Western Port Goal Company would occupy -with regard to the reward of £5000 offered some years ago by the Government for .the production of 50130 tons "of' coal; would the new company be able to claim the money? Mr Berry said that he would be sony to say anything to discourage the enterprise of any company engaged in the search for coal, which was surrounded with difficulties. He understood that the original intention was to pay £5000 for the discovery of a payable seam of coal, tiie quantity of coal produced being regarded as a proof of the commercial value of the mine. It was not intended to pay £5000 for 5000 tons of coal collected over a series of years. Further, he reminded the House that no money would be Mid for tbe diacoveiy of coal until it was votefl'by tiie Assembly. The money would have to be placed on the estimates and disbursed in the ordinary manner^ The census returns for the Braidwood dis trict (says an Argm telegram from Sydney) show a considerable decrease in propulation, owing to the dispersion of miners and their fumiTlffl, lii view of the unsettled state of the Northanother outbreak of bushrangers, it has been determined (says tiie Age) by the Acting Chief Commissioner of Police to place Inspector Montfort in charge of the men in that district Mr Montfort took an active part in tiie pursuit and capture of Power, and his intimate knowledge of the North-Eaatem district and of the criminal class who infest it, should prove of benefit if unfortunately any further trouble should arise, there. Mr Montfort is decidedly of opinion that another police station should be established at Glenmore, and also'that picked men should be sea&tiiere; and'to Greta. . His-suggestions in tins respect will probably be acted upon. Inspector Drought will probably succeed him in charge of the Melbourne district At the Lone Hand claim on Tuesday night (says tbe Crenwick Advertiser) just after John •TopkifiR and Richard Carthewy returnei to their work after crib-time,, a lump of reef came away from the face, breai^ng Carthewy'e both legs, and causing a fracture of one of Hopkins' ankles. Carthewy wab at once removed to the hospital, and placed under the care of the resident aorgcon. About thirty of the officers and cadets 'of tile. Japanese gunboat Riujo, together with the chief commissioner for -Japan' at tbe Exhibition, visited Sandhurst (says the Argun) On Tuesday. They were met at the railway station by a committee appointed for the purpose, and after bong entertained by tUe mayor (Mr Hayes) were driven to several of the 1 ending nrinffl, the underground workings of some of which were - inspected. The visitors were then conveyed to JSaglehawfc, where they were eatertained by the mayor of the borough, aad on returning to Sandhurst were shown the "various public buildings. Subsequently they were entertained at dinner at the Metropolitan hotel, and returned to Melbourne'by the eveningferain, having first; expressed themselves as much pleased with the visit sad tiie hospitable manner in which they had been treated.. - < I Quite a comraofibn' {cays the Geelonsj Ad- «r££aer) .was |32aied at the west cSd of QueenfejiS on -Sunday afternoon by an eccmtric "individual, tou> mounted the seat at the top of tbe eadogare on the " White Hill," and waved his arms about wildly, rtaiinihg that he was Samuel the IL, just come down from the ckies to -denounce tiie wiqjkedness of the clace. He .continued alternately praying, gesticulating, and sawquite Krbamsfed, he was eventuaUy taken ome by some of the bystanden whom bis ones l»d attracted, and hanjfoj ^ . {r t ® 1 Diysdale.™tax e doctor ha« s;TS l attendance,widenjoins restaSa^** t^soif^sryya jewellery-and some diamonds 1™ S * ported. A gentleman residinj. it vJ! M Gamhier. named WiUiam^£ < v ®? taHgiing between that place and HoC «o Melbourne, some two mouths since^S on reaching his destination discovereJlrt,- small box containing the property y stolen out of his luggage. It is statk (says tiie Ana-1 th»t «. pneegri b, Mr Town for M t ^ The Derby and Oaks meeting of the R,i brat Conrsmg Club will ^Weni morning at Braldoune. The draw f or w? eventsappearedin yesterday's issue, andt hues are plentiful around the ^ should be some good sport The^+SS be at the gate of Smith'fpaddoclJ -A meeting of the Painters' Union has W, convened for this evening, at eiriit at the Orchestral HaU DSvetourtreet ^ A meeting of tie Builders' andContraiW. Association, for important business, will tit glaoe this evening, at eight o'clock, lis ussell s hotel. ~ 