3IELBOURNE. (FKOM OUH OWX l.'OUHK.SrONKEXT } Saturrdav Evoninrr At ci>e opening oftlie iiive.stu/uiinn ?nto tlid Ftifrufc v'ase .at .tile Pdlice Court tiievo" was a little briish (just Before lunch, time) between the Crown Prosecutor unci Mr. Panton, tlio Police Magistrate, and when the case was proceeded w'tli again after the adjournment hour it was noticed that Mr, Call was in the cluiir. The circumstance has since been commented upon in a manner which, whether intended or not, certainly, leads to the inference that the change of magistrates u'as brought about at the instance the Crown Law authorities. Now, although all intimation by a police magistrate that lie considered the charges, as those originally brought against the defendants, as frivolous; might have led to some misgivings in the mind of the Crown- Prosecutor as to whether the jtfesidiug magistrate was properly im pressed with the gravity of the ott'ence. I am happy to say that the retirement of Mr. Panton was not due in the slightest degree to any prompting from Mr. Smyth or tho CiwVn Law Department. To zealously protect the bench from any intluence wliiah ntight htterfen' with its impartiality has heeil Orie of the aims of the department, and it 13 I rather unkind to seek to show that it lias been, guilty of the very offence, against which it has always steadily set ils face: The Steam Navigation Board is to give its. decision on Monday in the case of Captain Dowling who is charged by two of His sailors with the serious offence of riot having, liiade any eftbrt to save a sailor who was , washed, overboard from .the: Mircapoi^ ..dui'hig -tlie voyage froni England to tbis.jiort:, Fiirtlief evidence was taken this morning in support of the charge. Hans Weefken tho carpenter corroborated thp evidence of the othel' witnesses as nothing having been done to save the mail's life with the exception of tlu'o\vii\g a lifebuoy to hiiii. Ho said thei'e was only oiie boat fit for service, ailcl it would have takeii ail hour got her iiltti the watel' but that the man who was ch'owriqti had previously said he could'keep afloat: four hours.,: He thought the ship w;ould hats come round, find would hot have been afraid to go in the boat if it had been lowered. Valentine Olesen said the man was a good swimmer and he had often swam for an hour or an hour and a half with him. As a fur ther proof of the poor fellow's swimming powers, the witness mentioned that he was able to take off his clothes whilst in the water. After the accident occurred Olson said that lie spoke of the man being a good swimmer, and the captain was standing near at the time. For the defence) evidence was given by -another sailor named Olesen who thought it would have been dangerous to shorten sail or lower the boat. He said there was a heavy-sea rlinning, aiid he had never seen anyone rescued in sUcll a sea. He admitted, however, that he thought something should have been done to save tho man. James Dunn, the steward, who gave evidence for the captain to somothnig tile same effect. The fact that Mr. Berry has had a talk with His Excellency about what is to be done if the Reform Bill is not-'.carried, liaS raised tlie spirits of the dorner party, and they will doubtless be ericoiu'aged: to .pei'Se vere in tlieir opposition to the bill. 'Looking upon the battle as almost won, there is, how ever, still good ground for hope that mode ration and ..reason :"will cirry the . daji, and that the ghost may be laid to rest for a little while, notwithstanding the mistakeii attempt of the little lot in .the Corner to prevent, at.'all hazards, the bringing about of so desirable a consumatiori. . , The papers have left off telliiig lis how Colley and liis'•victim Amy Lewis are .getting on. I understand that they continue to progress favorably, both being.out of danger, and that; the man may. lie well enough to appear at the police court in a week or two. Mr. Charles Edwards who was arrested yesterday by Detective Brown for obtaining £100 from the' New Zealand Loan and Agency Company, -by representing that'he had been sent by his late employers, Messrs. M'Oarton and Company, of Sliel bourn'e, was brought before the police court to-day, and remanded until Thursday. There was a second charge against him of obtaining- goods and money by false pre tences which was said to be of five years' standing. He has an alias, viz., Louis Levy. Dwellers in the suburbs have been suffering considerably from burglarious operations of late.' The latest victim-is Signor'Yerdi of operatic fame, but the tliieves (lid not succeed in annexing many valuables. . She was not "to our.'eyes very young or very beautiful, but she wore a fine scarlet feather,, and had laughing eyes, and the (out ensemble was too much for an-Albury youth who came her way, and was led captive. At parting, she put her arms lovingly round his neck, but one little hand went into his pocket and brought out his purse, never to be seen by liim again. A policeman—a watcliliouse—a prisoner, but the lady conquered. She sent amessage to aconfiden tial and trusty friend, who got hold of - the beguiled': one, arid the latter squared it. Under these circumstances it was not to be wondered at that the whilom prisoner marched proudly from Court this morning. 