NEWS AND NOTES. The cable messages received yesterday, and published elsewhere, state that a debate has taken place in the House of Commons upon the commercial treaty between Great Britain and France,. and a resolution wds adopted declaritig no boliicbtiroial treaty Would 00 satisfactory unless the duties imposed by France upon British goodß be reduced. Serious rioting has taken place at Cork. A j disastrous fire is reported from Quebec, in ' Canada, in which, no leasthaa a thousand | houses were burnt to the ground. ; To-night : 'at § o*clock the flon. v Majtir Smith is td meet a deputation from the Bal* larat Miners* Association to consider, with them, the Bill prepared .by him With respeCt to the drainage of.the. Sebastojiol-plateau for mining purposes. .\;Tiie interview is a most important one, and the result,of the action about to be taken will be watohed with, keen interest, as the material interests of all classes are bound up with the development of the resources of the plateau. The Reform Bill was received by the Legis lative Assembly at a late hour on Thursday night, and tho Council's message is to be -takect into dootiideratioil oil Tubsday nelt. Specific allusion was made in the House to the decision of the Government with regard to the measure. The statement Was that the Government has dedided to abandon thd bill. The fact is that Ministers have summoned a caucus of. their supporters to deal with the situation for Tuesday afternoon. The County Court was continued yesterday, before bis Honour Judge. Hackett. The cases disposed of were fob the most part unimpor* taut, and on the rising of the court the last but one, that of Burke v O'Neill, bad been partly heard, and will be concluded this morn* ing; tho other case being that of Knox v Parker’s Freehold Company. The Ballarat Court of Mines was opened yeß* torday and adjourned sinie die, ho cases coming for hearing before his Honour Judge, Hackett. I The famous Magdala Company at Stawell, I. having penetrated close upon 3000 feet into | ** the bowels of the land/* and having ex* I pended £05,2fi0 of capital in sinking and I boring, the directors yesterday brought the I shareholders face, to face with the question I whether there should be abandonment or further prospecting at several of the levels. It was explained that the directors were satis* fied, by means of the drill, that there was no use in spending any more money in the shaft, and were equally satisfied that atiy fur* ther exploration mUat be done by the drill. The * warmest testimony was borne to the value, of the diamond drill, and the mining manager Btated that the boreß he now proposed to putin would be conducted at nominal coat compared with the £lO a foot which would be entailed were the ground driven through. The shareholders, although many had ldat heavily, Agreed to submit to a few "calls before abandoning hope, and authorised the * directors to adopt the best means to prospeot. They were authorised also, in the event of not being able to obtain the loan of a diamond drill from the Govern* ment, to purchase one. The pluck and enter* prise of the shareholders in this company is worthy of fretfiark. : . The Minister of Lands is getting into bad odour with the Town Council. Cr Williams dealt with that gentleman last evenibg at the council meeting in a way that was enough to make him'wince..--The oouncil, desiring to proceed with the erection of focal bathe, sent a! letter to the department, asking for the com* pletion of some arrangement's to enable the work.to be commenced, but the ooly reply re* ceived was that no reserves could be disposed of pending the decision of Parliament on the general subject of reserves. Cr Williams, who was evidently in no pleasant mood, said that if the Minister had got mixed up iu the House with An Unseemly bratflj the whole district should not on that account be thrown back for a twelvemonth. Cr Williams went on at some length to describe the great necessity that existed for the construction of the baths, and showed that there were four ways of remon* strating, namely, by letter writing, deputations, derfioiistratiohti, and bailing the attention of. the members for the district to the subject. The second and third methods were expensive. Cr Phillips interpreted that the last method was worse still. Cr Williams made a few other pretty taxt remarks, and then Mayor Robertson stated that be and Cr Scott had called upon the Minister of Lands, and the Minister told them to gd on with thS erection of the building. He (the mayor) was greatly stir* prised on receiving the letter from the depart* ment. Cr Scott-suggested that the council ought to invite; tenders; and proceed with the work. After a : .few more, words the matter j dropped. ... . In the Insolvent Court yesterdayj before bis . 1 .Honour Judge Hackefct, was heard a case in which_the official assignee sought to compel an * insolvent, W. S. Young, to apply for his certi ficate. The reasons'given for the application were, that insolvent, since filing his schedule, | had £279 from home, and an order ' was served upon him to pay the amount to the | official assignee. The order, however, was not { complied with. Insolvent acknowledged, while* under examination, having spent some of the money foolishly, and that some of it had been devoted towards'paying debts incurred while there was sickness and distress in his family. ! His Honourpostponed theapplication until next 1 coiirt, to allow the insolvent to pay some of the thondy into’ the haods of the official assignee; and give an account of how the balance hacl been spent, ' ' The final events for the Carngham and Tra walla Stakes were ruu yesterday on the Ercil* doune Estate, under the auspices of the Bal* larat Coursing Club. The Carngham Stakes were won* after an excellent chase, by Mr Swifte*B Cynthius, with Mr B! 1 Hepburn’s King Cob second. The first prize in the Tra* walla Stakes, for* bitches, was carriedjoff by a Maryborough greyhound, Gazelle, owned by Mr N. Gilbert, the winner beating Crocus, another good animal belonging to Mr A. Clark. The arrangements were satisfactory, the bares plentiful, the weather fine, and the coursing excellent. ... ' Quite a crowd gathered yesterday at the new crossing between: the city eab stand and the Bank of Australasia, attracted thither by the sight* of a heavilydadeh waggon, with two ' horses attached, stuck fait io the street* After 1 a series of ineffectual attempts to make the horses drag the waggon out to terra firm.a, the driver was obliged to bstve thd load lightened by the removal of a large quantity, of the load* of peas. After a time the.waggon was extracted, the load made up again, and the waggoner proceeded on his way. The waggon belonged to Mr Banwell, of Bun* garee. ... - . A. case possessing Bonie features,of JhteVest in connection... with ‘ the rights of ? married .women came on for hearing before his Honour Judge Hackett at the County; Court yesterday. The plaintiff, Mr Fenwick Hamilton, sued the defendant, Mrs Anne Bellinger, for goods supplied to her husband, Reuben Bellinger, which amount the Wife, Who is possessed of means, it was alleged, promised to pay. : This, however, was denied on behalf of defendant, hue his Honour found for the plaintiff with costs. Execution was stayed for a fortnight, in order to permit of an appeal against this decision being made to the Full Court, which sits on the 20th inst* in Melbourne. Yesterday was the last day for payment of rates in order-that citizens might avoid dis franchisement. The total amount received by the city collector from the 7th to the 10th instant was £ll4O. . J ;>/•,*; ' Sub-inspector Babington is still ill : from : the effects of cold caught' during exposure to 1 thß . inclement weather at the late' Fire! Brigades’Demonstration. Mr Babingtoh’s re* covery will .be : hoped : for. . by-.- numerous friends, who will be glad to learn that last night he was somewhat better. Information, has been received of Mr Owen -E. mining speculator, who left for a. trip, to Eagland some months . ago.. Mr Edwards upon arrival suffered.. from illness, but his friends here anticipate that when'next heard from news will be received that he is well again and enjoying his trip. . An elderly man named John Smith, who had recently been working for Mr Everett, Bungaree, was admitted into the Hospital yesterday, suffering from injuries to his side, received through a fall’ on, Monday evening. The poor man’s eyesight is not good, and not seeing his.way properly, he stumbled and fell, injuring himself as stated. A man named James : Walton was arrested 1 yesterday, and lodged in the town look*up, on a obarge-of having stolen a pair of'moleskin trousers, value 7s 6d, the property of James Johnson, of Humfifray street, ft seems that the offender went into Mr Johnson’s back premises, and took the trousers off a clothes’- lioe.. . • -'C‘ Some handsome exhibits, purchased from | the Belgium court in the late Melbourne Exhi- I bition, will be cm view to*day in the window of: : Mr. Stansfield*sehop, a in Sturt street. One of .the exhibits mentioned is a handsome glass byßnder standing about 7 feet high, 'and with, a diameter of about 18 inches. This is to exemplify one of the operationa in the azt of glasamakiug.and these cylindrical shapes were afterwards cut and fUttened-into eheet-glase. There is also a sheet]of. glass,’the largest yet seen in Ballarat, measunng 118 inches by 24 inches. The exhibits comprise eome very handsome lithtigraphic'viewß otl glass which Sro bicellSnl rtarfis o{. aHj and well wdrthy bf an inSpßction, The fame of Ballarat gold mines is world wide, and as showing bow the value of the principal stock for the investment of capital is recognised, we may mention that yesterday one of; the leading brokers on the Corner teceiVed (from London a telegram asking him to bay a hundred Land and Albion Conaols on the Bender's account. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Mining Board will be held to-day. The principal business oh the notice-paper ie the considera tion of notices of motion relating to the ahargea for survey fees. Messrs Bechervaise and Rosenblum attended at the Town Council meeting yesterday even- ing as a deputation from the Gymnasium Association. As they heard the council con- firm the Mayor's action in granting the site for the gymnasium, and refer the matter to the works committee to draw up the necessary regulations, there was little for the deputation to say on the subject, except to thank the council for the kindly interest they had taken in the matter. The Ballarat Gymnasium was formally opened last evening in the presence of a large concourse of the members and their friends. The opening ceremonial was performed by Mayor Lewis, and several congratulatory speeches were made by Messrs Rosenblum, Bechervaise, and others. Mayor Robertson, who was detained by the meeting of the Town Council, afterwards arrived, in company with Crs Scott, Phillips, and other councillors. Mayor Robertson addressed those present briefly, as also did Mr. Scott. A slight refec- tion was also provided for those present, and after the ceremonies attending the opening had been performed, a few members went through several feats on the appliances in the room. ! Some excitement Was Caused about 1 o’clock yesterday afternoon in Lydiard Btreet by the extreme docility of a horse. The affair, while was the source of much amuse ment to the quill-drivers and the other onlookers who had assembled to see the fun. The rider bad just dismounted and walked across the pavement into the National Bank of Australasia to transact some business there, and neglected to fasten the steed to the bridle post, Instinct prompted the animal to take advantage of this forgetfulness on the man’s part, and follow him into the building through the open door. When it got located, the officials at once/ without any ceremony, pronounced the ominons wordß of “ no account with this bank," but to little purpose. The horse was not to be "had" io that manner. Once in, it would not depart till a substantial “ cheque ” was given it. The check came by the . hand of its whilom rider, who. led' the intruder outsider, and this time firmly secured it to the post. On reaching the open air, the eccentric animal looked positively delighted at the successful issue of its first introduction to banking circles. . It will ! be within the recollection of our readers that Mr and Mrs Davies, of.Bunin yoDg, with the larUiiy, became eerioußly ill a few days since, after breakfast, the case being attributable to having partaken of milk from a diseased cow which wsb mixed, with other wholesome milk. A couple of samples were therefore forwarded to Mr’ W. Johnson, Government'analyst, and the following is his report on the subject!—“Cue of the samples of. milk contains blood, evidently the result of some sort of disease. There does not appear to be any mineral poison present, and I am therefore led to infer that the poisonous sub stance present ia of purely animal origin, and not susceptible of detection by auy ohemical means that Can be employed.” A presentation consisting of a very' hand some illuminated album slid elegant. silver biscuit-barrel and cruet-stand was yesterday made by the pupils of Cambrian Hill State school to the late head teacher, Mr Archibald Millar, who has been appointed to. a similar position at Murtoa. Mr Rankin, chairman' of the Board of Advice, in a few appropriate remarks, complimented Mr Miliar on having won the' esteem and respect of the pupils and residents of Cambrian Hill by hie' courteous and gentle manly manner. and : his high capabilities as a teacher, and wished him, on behalf of the children, ell prosperity and Buccess in the future. . . . , ■ The announcement that Mr Wm. Irwin has lost the lease of the Ballarat railway ref reehment rooms was received with regret by many people in Ballarat and elsewhere. The. rooms have been conducted ao' excellently under, liiß management, and the travelling public were so well served, that they will regret .to hear, of his severing his connection with the institution. Mr Durant, Mr Irwin'a successor, however, has had considerable experience in catering for the public at the Sandhurst refreshment room. Amongst thd charges in the supply of refresh ments in future will be the supply of tea and coffee at 3d per cup. . : 1 Of the many children in this distriot who have obtained their .’certificates of. being educated up to the.Viaudard, one of the youngest, if not -sthe youngest, is’ Ernest Bennett. This little'toy,-whose age. is‘ only eight years and seven months, at the examina tion of Magpie school N0j_2271, a few days since, succeeded not only in obtaining his certificate, but. passed in all: subjects in the fifth class; This is the only examination required for an appointment he pupil teacher. Two and a half years ago, when Mr Davejr took charge"of the above school,.be was in the second class, but during that period he has not been absent from school more than Borne six or seven days. The above should be a useful lesson to half tiffiergi The usual weekly meeting of the Brown Hill Mutual Improvement Association was held id the hall last Tuesday evening; Mr James in the chair. After the ordinary business had been disposed of, a debate on " Should drunkenness be treated as a disease or a erime ” was opened by Mr Brown, who held for disease; the chairman holdieg for crime. The subject was well discussed by the members present, who ultimately decided id favour of drunkenness being treated as a disease. : Mr Wellington, the spirited omnibus pro prietor,, is evidently determined to keep up with the times in improvement. The lateat novelty is the issue of small pocket-books containing twelve dogen of tickets. These are exceedingly handy for constant oustomera, and far more Convenient and less liable to go astray than the old style of shilling packetß. The tickets are about ope half the sice of those first issued, and are of a different colour. We believe Mr Wellington loses a considerable amount in the week through the inattention of the drivers in not keeping their eyes, about' them when on the road. Shooting at the top, of the voice ie frequently quite unnoticed. On the other hand, we notice particularly the great 1 civility of the drivers during the bad weather, - in going out of their way occasionally, in tha muddy streets, to accommodate passengers, ladies frequently acknowledging with thanks • the courtesy showHi Our Beaufort correspondent writes yester day : —“Dr Lock made a postmortem examine-; tion of the body of the old maD, Duncan; M'Allieter, who died suddenly at Raglan on Thursday morning, and deposed to death being. caused by disease of the heart. A verdict to this effect wae returned.' The name Wilkinson, mentioned in my paragraph of yesterday, should have been Thomas Hutton.” Another old resident of Buninyong, William Cafirey, has departed this life, having died, after a lingering: illness, on Wednesday even* ing.. The deceased has been residing in Buninyong about fifteen years, and was well known and respected by all who knew him. He wae a blacksmith by trade, but during his residence in tbia township wae known ea horse* ahoer, in which branch he excelled. At the time of his death’ he was only forty-seven years of age, and has left behind him Bix children, who, with his widow, will feel the loss very much. He - has left a vaounm in Buainyong, which will not be easily filled, so far aB a shoeing smith is concerned. Avery large cortigt of mourners were at bia funeral yesterday, at the Bunipyoßg cemetery. Talking about ghosts (writas our Smythea dale correspondent), it ia wall known that several eminent authors and. others—notably Sir Walter Scott and William Carlton, Scot land and Ireland's leading novelists—were not altogether free from a superstitious belief in ghosts. Even the Rev. John Wesley, accord ing to a history of hia life, written several years : after hia death, waa a firm believer in the preternatural, and that hia house wbb actually haunted. In the nineteenth century, however, ; when. knowledge . has increased and general enlightenment' prevails,' one- would naturally have supposed that these relics of a semi- barbarous age would have vanished away. Suoh, however, it .would appear, is ; not the case, aa I am credibly informed that a gentle man residing not many milee from Scarsdale has been considerably Beared. by nocturnal : noises of a most unusual kind after, he and hia bsttafjhalf had re'tired to woo ” tired ; nature’s' sweet restorer,. balmy sleep.” These mys terious sounds continued night after night, nratam - tß * l °° -ladj'i DCrvouc ,O fe " left alone/] Fmdingthat the matter was geltine serious the gentleman determined, if d£ cover the mystery} end one! night whCn. X unearthly noise commenced he jumped out 61 bed, made Ilia way to the kitchen (from whence' the noise appeared to come), and listened attehtifely at the ddof lot fiddle time, when, lo! the myalery was at ohce solved, stnd His gboatehip discovered in the-person of hie own favourite pussy cat. How the Mayor of Ballarat City was “ sold ” is described in the P. O. Hews of yesterday.* That papet writes:—“The Ballarat folks are noted for a strong pcnc/idiil for liofllalag dis tinguished people, and this habit sometimes leads them to commit rather peculiar mistakes. A case in point occurred on Monday night, or else a local journal was made the subject of a cruel hoai. Tuesday’s paper mentioned that ‘ Captain Ariio'f, add the other officers of the* Sorata,’ had arrived in Saliarat oh the previous day, and had been feted and shown tbß libnfl of the place by the city magnates. We admire ‘Captain’ Armit’ssilence, and he must certainly have known nhen his • lines were caßt in plea sant places,' - The facts of the matter are that Mr Arnlic who whs sent out from England to Bhperiiltefld. the Work pf raising the Sorata— which work, in conjunction with Captain | Fowler, the late commander, he so suceeSsfiilly performed—arrived at Ballarat on . Monday night, and wae at once- pounced down npon by the too-confiding mayor. The fatted calf wae killed, and the oity magnates made merry in honour of the eupposed ■ Captain ’ and the other officers ’ of the Sorata. Bnt they missed the captain and caught the diver. Meanwhile, the genuine skipper, Captain ■ Cooper, arrived on Tuesday, surveyed the city unnoticed, slept Quietly at Lester’s hotel, and came on by the second train nSit morning to Stawell. He here met* Mr Johnson, and they, in company with Mr Nicol; the postmaster, and Mr D. White, proceeded * to the Grampians and en joyed the scenery and suoh shooting as the mountains, at: this-time : of the year .affords. They returned in the evening, thoroughly satisfied with their visit, and yesterday farther inspected, some of the notable places in the town, returning to Melbourne by the afternoon train," The Academy of Music will be opened to-night under the management of Miss Clara Stephenson, on which occasion a drama of a type new to the Ballarat stage will be pro duced, ‘‘The Little Detective” affords Mibs Stopheneoo an opportunity of displaying that versatility of character with which She is accredited by the Melbourne, Sydney, and Hew Zealand press. In this she assumes no less than five oharaotere, and Bings a variety of songs. She will be adequately supported, and new. scenery and sensational, effeots will be introduced. Miss Stephenson is pronounced to be an actress of *• many parts” and of more than ordinary ability. The opening of the Alfred Etall as a hippo dromeand amphitheatre will taka place to-day, and will, doubtless, be an event of some into.' rest to playgoers. A day performance-wilt be given at 2 O'clock for the benefit of families and children, to which, WC Qlajr add, as show-' ing Mr Benhamo’B kindness, the children of the Orphan Asylum have been invited. In the evening the spectacular drama “ Mazeppa,” will be produced, and the incidents of the eventful ride of the Tartar hero depioted by competent actors. The entertainment will -be a novel nod attractive one*, and should com mand a good house. A cable message in the Age reports:—' “The small town of Sieniawa, in. Galicia, a province of Austria, has been totally destroyed by fire. The entire population, numbering over.fiQQO people, has been rendered homeless. Sieniawa is situated in the northern portion of the province, near the Polish frontier, a short distanca from the. important town of Jaros< law.” ■ The Guildford correspondent of the [M. A. Mail) writes that the east riding of the Shire of Newstead haa reached the thousandth dog. The ratepayers were rather jubilant thinking the dog tax would amply repay their munici pal expenditure. But they are mistaken. The. dogs, or the great bulk of them, are, according to experts, in the sear and yellow leaf of dog dorn, but the owners have apparently con vinced the inspector that 999 of them are pups under Bis months of age. * Mrs Evan Hopkins,* well-known in Mary borough as the lady principal of a youDg ladies’ seminary, is (the M. and D. Advertiser etates) about to remove to Ballarat, in which city Bhe will take charge of (Queen's College. The Rev. Mr Allnutt, of Ballarat (remarks the M. and-D. Advertiser) is endeavouring'to set the Church of England at Chinaman’s Flat and Majorca on a .firm footing .by holding weekly eervioes in those localities. *' One incident on Thursday, (reports the Argus) put the Assembly in good humour. On the House going temporarily into com mittee Mr Ganoson was found to be absent. Mr Berry moved that Mr Mirams take the chair, and the motion was carried by acolama, tioD, which was renewed when the member-for Collingwood took the chhir, and uhen he left it,..which he did instantly afterwards, Mr Mirams bowed his acknowledgments, Samuel Thompson, a carrier residing at Bridgewater, has supplied ■ the Portland Guardian with the following particulars of an adventurChe 'met with on Tuesday evening: —He and another carrier of the same locality, named James Wright, were coming into Port land with loads of firewood. Rain was falling fast. At about 9 o’clock, When opposite the ten-mile post on the Mount Gambler road, the rain suddenly ceased, and a violent thunder storm ocourred. There was one load clap of thunder, and two vivid flashes of lightning, of which the second threw down or broke in pieces most of the telegraph poles between the ninth and tenth mile posts. Pieces of the splintered poles were blown fifty yards away. Both men were thrown to the ground, and remained there in an insensible condition for a considerable time. Wright was struck upon the forehead With a splinter, but neither of the men were seriously injured. Their bullocks were not affected by the storm, bnt a dog they had with- them was knocked senseless. The men returned to their homes, which were near at band, and on Thursday they suffered no inconvenience from their accident beyond a feeling of drowsiness which they had not been able to cast off. .. 'There is trouble amongst the cabmen. A new arrival, one Cornelius Patten, has recently: commenced to run a cab, bearing a flag with the “stars and stripes ” upon it, to different parts of Ballarat at half the ordinary fares charged. Naturally the flag of the economic Jehu sots upon the cabmen, or many of them, as does a red rag to a bull, and Fatten has been subjected to such annoyance that he has on several occasions had to seek the protection of Sergeant Carden. On Tuesday, a cabman named Connolly told Patten, in not very deli cate terms, to haul down the obnoxious flag,: and used language calculated to'provoke "a ,breach of the peace. He accordingly sum ironed Connolly to the City Court yesterday, ahd:the defendant was fined 10s, with 7s 6d COBtS. * An Adelaide telegram in tha Herald of Friday says that Mr James Campbell, of Ballarat, while in that city on tha Wesleyan Conference, wrote a letter to the Advertiser criticising the tone of certain articles in a Ger man newspaper unfavourable to the British Community, and charging the hon. Mr Base dow, Minister of Education, and proprietor and joint editor ef th a Zeilung, with being respon sible.. The Argus of yesterday contains the following explanation:—"ln the Legislative Council to-day the address in reply was adopted. The Chief Secretary explained that the articles in Mr Basedow’s newspaper which Mr Campbell referred to were not inspired by the Minister of Education, who had ceased to take an aative part in the conduct of the Aus tralischc Zeitung." When the workmen were digging the site oj the Victorian market (writes the Melbourne : correspondent of the Ararat Advertisir), a por tion of the old Melbourne Cemetery, they eame across the skeletons of: men who were buried in their clothes with diggers’, belt around them. These skeletons were forwarded to the Melbourne Cemetery. In one of the belts was found a. letter from a Bweetheart, who urged the truant to return. Ah, me 1 what sad thoughts this arouses in the mind. ’ The Jewish world is (writes the Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser) agitated just now to its centre. ! An action is about to be'brought against a Jewish minister for libel, and as nearly all the Yidisher families are concerned it will he quite 'a causes celiire. " The Postmaster-General has (the Argus re ports) deoided that the reduced registration fees. for. letters Shall come into operation on arid after the. Ist proximo, the Boheme having been approved of by tbe Governor in Council. ,Tue fee is to be reduced from 6d to ld. By tbe new arrangements, any postmaster will : have power to register any letter which be has : reason to srispect contains money or valuables, land the. person-to whom it is addressed-will ; have to! pay. double', .the registration., fee, Viz-, Sd. "The' messenger will see the letter opened, and if he is satisfied that no valuablss were enclosed in it the fee will be remitted. In .all cases, however, the fee must be.paid before .tM letter is surrendered or opened. It.is ex pected, that this arrangement will greatly reduce the possibility uf any loss or disappear* auce of valuables during theft transmission through the post, and that it will eflcJonrage formal registration of letters before they are potted. The introduction of registration envelopes ia also ; n contemplation, these in beea very successfully used oonriSL?" . having been found to ness in facilitate , the transaction of busi department. part k^ af '“tanch of the postal 1 • The 'desertion . sent anchored in men-Df-war at pre- Very' aticrtetaas, there be£f appear to be men reported to have abaconoL? sa *“? n Sl **y £3 is oflered for the arrest of elsj m an^ Mounts Beckworth and Bulton ou,+* day morning (the Talbot Leader mentiofi.“ n9, ‘ aenteda very pretty appearance, their aumS?" being covered with a deep layer of anow, from whioh > the wind blew with icy chilli ness'. • ■ The Talbot Leader learns that Messrs Nichol and Son, of Beokworth Court) hare recently been severe losers by the wholesale stealing of sheep and lambs from their run. As many as fifty or sixty disappear in a night, and at pre sent no olue has been obtained to the fobbefs. Commenting on Mr Berry’s violent speeoh on the occasion of the opening of the Lance field railway, the Warrnamtool Standard writes:—■" Having thus exposed the raison d’ttre of. this sudden flow of stump oratory, it sfdtiid he superfluous to consider the contents of the speech. Suffice it to say that, instead of Mr Berry being, as he modestly alleges, the great frieud of the working-men, he has been their greatest, ensmy. He has heaped taxes on taxes, but he has not known how. to remove a single tax on the neoeesaries of life; and he has inoreased taxation on the working man'e luxuries. By diminishing confidence and keeping the cdlouy in a state of alternate uproar and uncertainty, be has decreased the wages fund, lessened employment, and driven men to seek for work elsewhere. To claim, after all this, that be has succeeded in raising the status of the working-man, is mere im pudence, unworthy of serious notice.” (the New South Wales four per cent, loan of £2,000,000, which has been floated on the London market, has (the Argils states) been 1 a splendid success, and fully justifies the antici patory telegram of our London' correspondent published a few days ago. The loan waa more , .tban twice covered, aod the average amount of the teUderß was £lO3 9s. The £3,000,000 Victorian four nnd a half per cent, loan nego tiated by Mr Berry in 1879, brought an average of £99 Is 7d, while the New South Wales four per cent, loan, floated in London in the same year, fetched £9B ,9s 2d. The 'present price of £lO3 9s is the highest amount yet obtained for a four per cent Australian loan. According to Mr John Retallick (writes the Talbot Leader) the labour market in theLextbn district is in a healthy condition. Mr Retal lick stated at the shire meeting on Wednesday, that he had been unable to complete a contract for the supply of 500 yards of maintenance metal, because he could hot obtain stone breakers. He had advertised in the Ballarat Star for them, but had received no .applica tions. The price offered was higher than had been paid previously, but there appeared to be no men in the district requiring work. Harry Colley, the young man who attempted some weeks ago to murder a woman of the town named Amy Lewis waß (the Age reports) on Thursday brought before the City Court, and charged ’ with the offence, as also with attempting to commit suicide. As the woman is still in a weak state of health, and unable to attend, the case was adjourned for a week. Over eighty cases of South Australian wines were taken on board the Finistdre on Thurs day to be tested by the French Chambers of . Commerce and other official bodies in France. They represent (says the Aye) every variety of South Australian wine exhibited, and are a present from the South Australian commis sioner. ... A private latter by the San Francisco mail elates (says the Aye) International Exhibition to be held in New Tork in 1883 has been absolutely abandoned, There is,: however, a project to hold one at Boston, and with fair prospects of success. 