[?] The magician's Daughter. By Fhank R. Stockton. (concluded^ In a day or two the messengers which Filamina had sent out to look for the loBt rubies, and the lost lover to inquire into the reason -why the general lost his battles, and to hy and find out how horseshoes could be turned into gold, returned and made their reports. They had not been recalled by tlie myth-summoner, because their special business, in Eome magical manner, disconnected them from me macnine. The gnomes who had been sent to look for the rubies, reported that they had searched everywhere, but could not find two quarts of rubieB, the size of cherries. They thought the merchant must have made a mistako, and that he should have said currants. The dwarfs, who had en deavoured to make gold out of horse-shoes, simply stated that they could not do it ; they had tried every possible method. The genie who had gone to find out why the general always lost his battles reported tbat his army was so much smaller and woaker than those of the neighbouring countries that it was impossible for him to make good fight ; and the fairies who had searched for the lost lover said there were very few persons, indeed, who answered to the descrip tion given by the beautiful damsel, and these were all married and settled. Filamina, with tho witch and the wizard, carefully con sidered these reports, and determined upon the answers to be given to the applicants when they returned. The next day, there rode into the court-yard of the castle a high-born boy. He was somewhat startled by the strange creatures lie saw around him, but he was a brave fellow, and kept steadily on until he reached the castle door, where he dismounted and entered. He was very much dis appointed when he heard that the great magician was dead, for he came tj consult him on a most important matter. When he saw Filamina, he told her his story. He was the son of a prince, but his father and mother had been dead for 6ome time. Many of the people of the princi pality to which ho was heir urged him to take his seat upon the throne, because they had been so long without a regular ruler; while another large party thought it would be much wiser for him to continue his education until he was grown up, when he would be well prepared to enter upon the duties of his high position. He had been talked to a great deal by the loaders of each of these parties, ana, not being able to make up his inind as to what he should do, he had come here for advice. ' Is the country pretty well ruled now ? ' asked Fila uiina, after considering the matter a moment. 'Oh, yes,' answered the high-born boy; 'there are persons, appointed by my father, who govern everything all right. It's only the name of the thing that makes some of the people discontented. All the principalities in our neigh bourhood have regular princes, and they want one, too. ' 1 '11 tell you what I would do,' said Filamina. ' I would just keep on going to school, and being taught things, until 1 wa3 grown up, and knew everything that a prince ought to know. Then you could just manage your princi pality in your own way. Look at me ! Here am I with a great castle, and a whole lot of strange creatures for servants, and people coming to know things, and I can do hardly anything myself, and have to get a wizard and a witch to come and manage my business for me. I 'm sure I would nit get into the same kind of a fix if I were you.' j ' I don't believo,' said the high-born boy, ' that I could have had any better advice than that from the very oldest magician in the whole world. I will do just what you have said.' Filamina now took her young visitor around the castle to show him the curious things, and when he heard of the people who were coming the next day, to know what had been done for them, he agreed to stay and see how matters would turn out. Filamina's accounts had made him very much interested, in the various cases. At the appointed time, all the persons who had applied for magical assistance and information assembled in the Dim lit Vault. Filamina sat at the head of the table, the high born boy had a seat at her right, while the witch and the wizard were at her left. The applicants stood at the other end of the table, while the giants, afrits, and the rest of the strange household grouped themselves around the room. ' Some of these cases,' said Filamina, ' I have settled myself, and the others I have handed over to these wise persons, who are a wizard and a witch. They can attend to IUUU pttUCULD UlOb. The high-born boy thought that she ought to have said ' clients,' or ' patrons,' but he was too polite to speak of it. Tho wizard now addressed the merchant who had lost the rubies. '? How do you know that you lost two quarts of rubies 'r ' said he. ' I know it,' replied the merchant, 'because I measured them in two quart pots.' 'Did you ever use those pots for anything else ? ' said the wizard. 'Yes,' said the merchant: ' I afterward measured six quarts of sapphires with them.' 'Where did you put your sapphires when you had measured them r ' ' I poured them into a peck jar,' said the merchant. ' Did they fill it 'r ' asked the wizard. ' Yes ; I remember thinking that 1 might as well tie a cloth over the top of the jar, for it would hold no more.' ' Well, then,*' said the wizard, 'as six quarts of sap phires will not fill a peck jar, I think you will find your rubies at the bottom of the jar, where you probably poured them when you wished to use the quart pots for the sapphires.' ' I shouldn't wonder,' said the merchant. ' I'll go right home and see.' He went home, and sure enough under the six quarts of sapphires he fouxid his rubies. ' As for you,' ' said the wizard to the general who always lost his battles, ' your case is very simple ; your army is too weak. What you want is about twelve giants, and this good young lady says she is willing to furnish them. Twelve giants well armed with iron clubs, tremendous swords, and long spears with which they cotild reach over moats and walls, and poke the enemy, would make your army almost irresistible.' ' Oh, yes,' 8aid the general, looking very much troubled, it «ll . Utit ftiinlr hmirmiiAll ifnrnilld AAHt fn tpon a dozen enormous giants ! They would eat more than all the rest of the army. My king is poor; he is net able to support twelve grants.' . ' In that case,' said the wizard, ' war is a luxury which he cannot afford. If he cannot provide the means to do his fighting in the proper way, he ought to give it up, and you and he should employ your army in some other way. Set the soldiers at some profitable work, and then the kingdom will not be so poor.' The general could not help thinking that this was very good advice, and. when he went home and told his story the king agreed with. him. The kingdom lay between two seas, and the soldiers were set to work to cut a canal right through the middle of the country, from one 6ea to the other. Then the ships belonging to the neighbouring kingdoms were allowed to sail through this canal, and charged a heavy toll. In this way the kingdom became very prosper ous, .and everybody agreed that it was a great deal better than carrying on wars and always being beaten. The wizard next spoke to the young man who wanted to make gold out o£ horse-shoes. ' I think you will have to give up your idea,' he de clared. ' The best metal-workers here have failed in the undertaking, and I myself have tried, for many years, to turn old iron into gold, but never could do it. Indeed, it is one of the things which magicians cannot do. Are you so poor that 3'ou are much in need of gold ? ' ' Oh, no,' said the young man. 'lam not poor at all. But I w ould like very much to be able to make gold when ever I please.' ' The best fTiitip you can do,' said the wizard, 'if you really wish to work in metals, is to make horse-shoes out of gold. This will be easier than the other plan, and will not worry your mind so much.' The 'young man stood aside. He did not say anything, but he looked very much disappointed. This ended the wizard's cases, and Filamina now began to do her part. She first called up the greedy king who wanted the adjoining kingdom. ' Here is a bottle,' she said, ' which contains a very bad disease for an old person and a very bad one for a child* Whenever you feel that you would like the old king and the young heir, who stand between you aud the kingdom you want, to be sick, take a good drink from the bottle.' The greedy king snatched the bottle, and, as soon as he reached home he took a good drink, and he had the rheu matism and the colic so bad that he never again wished to make anybody sick. ' As for you,' said Filamina to the beautiful damsel who had lost her lover, ' my fairy messengers have not been able to find any person, such as you describe, who is not married and settled. So your lover must have married some one else. And, as you cannot get him, I think the best thing you can do iB to marry this young man, 'who wanted to make horse shoes into gold. Of course, neither of you will get exactly what you came for, but it will be better than going away without anything.' The beautiful damsel and the young man stepped aside and talked the matter over, and they soon agreed to Fila mina's plan, and went away quite happy. ' I am dreadfully sorry,' said Filamina to the old woman who wanted to know how to make good root-beer; and who sat in the sedan-chair which had been sent for her, ' but we have tried our very best to find out how to make good root-beer, and the stun we brewed was awful. I have asked this learned witch about it, and she says she does not now possess the secret. I have also offered a reward to any one who can tell me how to do it, but no one seems to want to fre fnr if ' At this moment the penitent hippogriff came forward from a dark corner where he had been sitting, and said : ' I know what to use to made good root-beer.' ' What is it ? ' asked Filamina. ' Roots,' said the hippogriff. ' That's perfectly correct,' said the witch. ' If a person will use roots instead of all sorts of drugs and strange decoctions, they will make root-beer that is really good.' A great joy crept over the face of the old woman, and again and again she thanked Filamina for this great secret. The two giants raised her in her sedan-ohair, and bore her away to her home, where she immediately 6et to work to brew root-beer from roots. Her beer soon became so popular that she was enabled to support her sons and daughters in luxury, and to give each of her grandchildren an excellent education. When all the business was finished, and the penitent hip pogriff had been given his reward, Filamina said to the high-born boy : ' Now it is all over, and everybody has had something done for him or for her ! ' ' No,' said the other, ' I do not think so. Nothing has been done for you. You ought not to be left here alone with all these creatures. You may be used to them, but I think they're horrible. You gave me some advice which was very good, and now I am gck:~ to give you some, which perhaps you may like. 1 think you ought,, to allow this wizard and this witch, who seem like very hunesi ^plsy-to stay here and carry on this business. Then you could leave this place, and go to school and learn all the things that girls know Who don't live in old magical castles. After a while, when you arc grown up, and I am grown up, wis could be married, and we could both rule over my princi pality. _ What do you think of that plan r ' 'I think it wOuid be very nice,' said Filamina, 'and I really believe I will do it.' It was exactly what she did do. The next morning her white horse was brought from the castle stables, and side by side, and amid the cheers and farewells of the giants, the dwarfs, the gnomes, the fairies, the afrits, the genii, the pigwidgeons, the witch, the wizard, the ghosts, the penitent hippogriff, and the faithful hobgoblin, Filamina and the high-born boy rode away to school.— Si. Nicholas. 