THE CATHOLIC FAITH THE ONLY CURE FOB SCHISM. BY PECTETBK. £Pope Urban VI. canonioally elected—Pope poisoning—Sir Walter Soott and Shakspeare history—When Popes differ what comes of the Infallibility—The anti- Pope of Geneva and the anti-Pope of Aragon —Pope Bonifaoe IX.—Pope Innocent VII. —Pope Gregory XII.—The assembly at Pisa—The healing of schism impossible to Protestantism.] POPE UBBAN VI. freely, voluntarily, accordantly, and canonioally elected A.D. 1378, died Ootober 15th, 1389, with suspicion of having been poisoned, after a troubled reign of eleven years; the trouble being caused—1st, by the irregular and illegal election of an anti-Pope; 2nd, by the overbearimg and greedy ambition of his nephews, who constrained him to give them a part of the kingdom of Naples, of which they should be Counts: a donation whioh involved him in political difficulties, nd lost him the support of fix or eight or ore of his cardinals, who thereupon secretly ommunicated with the anti-Pope at Avignon } where he had finally taken up his residence, upported by the kings of France and Spain, o suit their own political purposes. POPE POISONING. idst thou ever, O esteemed reader, peruse, nd then pause in admiration at some Ioudongued and ferocious diatribe in the Age, avage, but bombastical as the midnight solo of a chained up bull-dog baying in his eBt basso the unheeding moon ? The hollow irade was against the action of the atholic electors who put in the Service inistry. Didst thou, O esteemed, believe, ne word of the blatant howl ? Not a word. nd why not ? Because you felt that it was ll a political fanfaronade, signifying nothing ut turbid political vituperation, ranted orth to serve a political object, and to nflame party animosities and sustain the alevolent energies of party combatants r. Berry, or Mr. Service, or Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, or Sir John O'Shanassy, eserve to be hanged four or five times over f you believe all their political foes hoose to say of them in print, while these gentlemen are sitting at homo at inner with their lovely wives and loving amilies, laughing, as they sip their rosy ine, at the harmless bellowings of their ireling defamers. We never hang any loated aristocrat or cabinet minister on hose mercenary and malicious denunciations hich only mean that the "opposition" is rowing ravenously hungry for the pay and rofits of office. That's the whole and sole eaning of it. It is a party trick. It is party fabrication. It is party tactios. It s party lying and slandering. It is party ud-pelting, and only the Johnny Raws nd gobe-mouckcs believe it. It is certain or it has been proved in courts of inquiry nd of law, that people have been wilfully oisoned either through vindictive, or ovetous, or ambitious, or fiendish lu8t of estroying life. TheCountess de Brinvilliers, almer, the Staffordshire turfite, Miss Blank, t Brighton, inEngland, who gave strychnine ollies to children she met in the street, were all eal poison administrators, and met with their eserts. But now let us take all thesepoisoners y pill and draught and put them on-one side, nd then put all society on the other, and hen we shall see how infinitesimally small he poisoners are, aud ever have been, ompared to the other. And, taking all e tan collect from the records of justice, he poisoners will only be in a ratio f one in hundreds of thousands, and heir victims in the same proportion. pply this view to the 250 or 260 Popes, nd then see how many of them are likely to ave been wilfully drugged to death. We now aleo that poison has sometimes been iven to siok persons in mistake for medicine; ut when Buch oases occur we have tangible ata to go on. The chemist and druggist, r the nurse, or other attendant on the sick, identified and the facts ascertained. How any die by the operation of ordinary hysio it would be rather difficult perhaps o discover. But where wilful poisoning, r poisoning by misadventure, is suposed to have happened, there is always nough known to guide us to very proable or aotually true conclusion. In ope Urban's case what proof have we f poison murderously used to kill him? o proof. We have unauthenticated umours, raised by infuriated schismatics, nd political enemies politically mad against im. That is all. Who could tell that e was wilfully poisoned ? No one could, cept the individual murderers. Did these ome forward and confess their deed, and get" anged for their obliging candour? Have e their names and their confessions ? No. hat hive we then ? We have nothing but hoeboy, and horseboy, and partisan gossip, uch as. that which alleged that King George r., when Prince Regent, poisoned his aughter, the Printsess Charlotte, wife of eopold, uncle to Queen Victoria. All the ld women in Wappinggot it into their skulls n* ®Wncess Charlotte was poisoned in 817, with her newbornbabe. Could yon take t out f No s they would die for it. And just r r^V 1 ^ ago about Pope Urban l., who in stature was veiy short and very oipuknt, The more' reliable accounts say hat Jus death was the result of gout on the tomach, a disease wry' agonising in its paroxysms, and which fully explains the cause of death and of the symptoms which preceded and accompanied it. Popes, I hope, are to be allowed to die like other men, of whatever disease God may permit; bat when people begin poisoning Popes wholesale] onmere bigot conjeotore, and fanoifnl surmising, I walk away, and refuse to believe, or even to disbelieve, their apocryphal tittle tattle, even though they swore to its truth. The fact is, I have next to no faith in these Pope poisonings. There is too much stage trick in them. The melodrame of them is too like Harlequin's exploits in cutting off the policeman's leg. It is done as horror "business." That goblet shifting in Luerezia Borgia, and the poisoned wine drinking by mistake of Ceesar Borgia's, is to me a bit of commonplace claptrap for the upper galleries, flat, stale, ana unprofitable, and as false as flat. If we receive such playhouse concoctions as veritable history, we may as well take Sir Walter Soott's death of Amy Robsart, in his novel of Eenilioorth, as a true narrative, or Shakspeare's dying scene of Cardinal Beaufort as good chronicle. Amy Robsart wasn't killed in Cumnor Hall, as Sir Walter so tragically writes, nor did Cardinal Beaufort die as Shakspeare arranges it for the boards of the Globe Theatre ; and the cup-tossing which poisons Borgia, and the poisoning of Urban VI., may be tacked on to the tail of The Arabian, Nights. POPE BONIFACE IX., A.D. 1389. Cardinal Peter Tomazelli, like Pope Urban, of a Neapolitan family, was elected Pope on November 2, and crowned November 9, 1389. He restored four or five cardinals to the purple, whom Urban, prompted by his nephews, had deprived. This act of grace was an official intimation that Boniface did not intend to adopt the foreign policy of Ms predecessor with regard to the kingdom of Naples. It is superfluous to observe that, in all secular matters of secular government, every Pope will andj'ought to use his own personal judgment, and may alter or reverse the political action of another Pope, just as the Service Cabinet might change from the policy of Mr. Berry's Cabinet. In regard to faith and morals, no Pope ever alters or deviates from the decisions of a previous Pope. THE PAPAL INFALLIBILITY. deals only with spiritual affairs. It is confined to the domain of faith and morals in its direct operation. When a question of faith or of morals arises, in which the Pope is called on to pronounce, his ruling is infallible ; there is no error in it; nor can that ruling ever be altered by another Pope ; as theolgianssay, thePope's decisions on matters of faith and morals are irreformable ; for the Christian faith and the morals it teaches are unalterable, and so is the Pope's ruling upon them. As regards faith and morals, all PopeB oan do nothing else than say the same thing. In matters of discipline, or of temporal conoern only, the Popes will differ in opinion, like all other men, as the Argtis differs from the London John Hull. Christ did not send Peter to teach any formal government, but to teach all governments the Christian faith and Christian morals. POPE BONIFACE AND THE SCHISM. In 1390 this Pope wrote an earnest and affectionate circular letter calling on all the kings, prinoes, prelates, and statesmen, of Europe to make an effort for putting an end to the schism, or party strife, caused by THE ANTI-POPE, CLEMENT VII., as he styled himself. He was the son of Amadeus, Count of Geneva, and thus related to some of the wealthiest and most powerful families in Europe, which, in part, explains the fact of his being able so successfully to maintain his schismatical power. He was lame from his birth, but by dispensation became an ecclesiastic, was a Papal prothonotary, held other high appointments, and became Bishop of Terrouen. He was created a Cardinal priest by Gregory XI. and a legate. He was a man of great energy, and learned as a divine. He was 36 years of age when elected anti-Pope by the schismatical 15 cardinals at Foadi, on September 21, 1378. ^ He came to Naples, and conferred with Queen Jane, and tried to win over the people to acknowledge him as Pope; but they repulsed all his efforts, though supported by the queen. He then went to Gaeta, and shortly after he sailed for Marseilles, and took up his abode at Avignon with his cardinals and court, being supported f by the king iand by the French. Prom Avignon he issued decrees against the true S Pope, Boniface, who sighed for an amicable settlement of the dispute, and being entrenched at Avignon, would heat of no proposals for peace. Cardinal Robert died in schism, A.D. 1394, after a schismatical career of 16 years, aged 52. His removal, however, did hot. open the way to reconciliation, for his schismatical cardinals at Avignon cleoted t the Spanish Cardinal, DeLuna, as anti-Pope in succession to the deceased. This Peter De Luna was a native of Aragon, and one of the most learned men in Europe. He was of a noble family. After commencing his studies, he abandoned them, and entered the army for a few years, but returned to college,, and became a celebrated lecturer on Canon Law in the University of Marseilles. Subsequently he became Archdeacon of S&ragossa;, and then Bishop of VflJeneia,and finally a Cardinal. He ires elected satti-Pope by 20 cardinals on . September 28th,'; 1804, at Avignon, .and readily accepted the,," dishonourable dignity" as Benedict XGL. and was schematically ordained October 9, -1304. If he had waited with»atience, andnot thus, forced hii way through all the arrangements r a th b m a nu s h P b of Providence, he might, doubtless, have been true Pope. But he chose violent means, and a dark cloud rests for ever on his tomb. In the very next year the political weathercock of Europe veered. The "Electors" deposed Ladislaus from being King of Rome, and choBe Robert, Duke of Bavaria. CharleB V. of France advised the anti-Pope (called Benedict XIII.) to resign, and retire from his false position; but he indignantly refused. The policy of Boniface also assisted in modifying the diplomatic situation in Europe, and everywhere the tide of public opinion began to turn against the schism. Boniface had, even in the previous year, moved against the schismatical leaders. He deposed die cardinals who elected De Luna. He excommunicated the Count of Fondi who had invited the schismatical cardinals who conspired at Anagni to elect the Cardinal Robert of Geneva, and had given them sustenance and support in that election, A.D. 1378. In 1398 the Kings of France, Castile, and Naples, who had acknowledged De Luna as Benedict XIII., withdrew their obedience, though they resumed it again five years afterwards, in 1403\. In 1404, on the death of Boniface, the Roman Cardinals present in the city went into conclave and elected Cosmas Migliorati, whom Pope Urban had appointed Archbishop of Ravenna, who took the name of INNOCENT VII., A.D. 1404. This Pope was crowned November 11, 1404, and at his election solemnly engaged to abdicate for the peace of the Church at any time when such a step became necessary. Ladislaus at first espoused the side of Innocent, but this selfish, intriguing, and perfidious monarch soon forgot all his engagements to the Holy See, and invaded the Pope's territory, seized Bologna, and marched on Rome. Being excommunicated, he feigned repentanoe, but was as deceitful in this as in every transaction with the Popes. His nephews, like those of Urban, involved him with the Roman people, who revolted against him, though they soon returned to their allegiance. Innocent VII. died suddenly of apoplexy, November 6, 1406, at the age of 68, after reigning two years. He was very courteous and affable to all who approached him in audience, and was revered for his piety. He deeply lamented the schismatical condition of the Church, and would have laid down the pontificate at any moment to heal the breach. GBEOOKY XII., A.D. 140G, a patrician of Venice, whose name was Angelo Corraro. He was elected, December 1, 1406, at Rome, in his 80th year, as some of the historians say, though others make him only 70. So sensible was the conclave of the evils of the schism, that they engaged Cardinal Carraro to sign a paper, binding himself to give up the pontificate when called on, if his doing so should seem calculated to put an end to the disturbances the schism produced. When the anti-Pope heard of this, he wrote a letter to Gregory, in January, 1507, professing his winhes for peace, and his willingness to lay down his schismatical authority, and only begged that, before doing so, Gregory would meet him in a private, friendly conference. Whereupon the Pope sent Nuncios to Marseilles to arrange the time and the place of interview, which was to be in September, 1407, at Savona, in the republio of Genoa, though Genoa was then in the hands of the French. In July, Gregory set out for Savona with 12 cardinals, and journeyed as far as Sienna, when, suddenly, Ladislaus, King of Naples, declared in favour of the anti-Pope, and raised obstacles to the interview. Ultimately Gregory found that the false Pope was stealthily concentrating troops near the place of meeting, and he regarded De Luna's request for a personal conference only as a trap to get him, Gregory, into his power, and thus get the upper hand in the contest, or, perhaps, secure the tiara for himself by a new election. But now the whole heart of Europe was growing more and more sick of the schism, andlongedfor its extinction. The King of France again urged Benediot XIII. and false Pope to submit. By-andbye he wrote a letter to the king and the royal family of France, which, when the king opened, proved to be a decree of excommunication against his Majesty and all who should forsake the schismatical side, or refuse to acknowledge bim —Cardinal De Luna—as Pope. The king, in disgust, sent back a reply which so alarmed the usurping anti-Pope that he withdrew Avignon to Perpignan, and subsequently to the hill, fortress of Peniscola, in whose bishops adhered to him, their fellow-countryman. During his long stay at Lucca he created four new cardinals, but finding them now disposed to claim his resignation, he fled from Lucca to PlBA, A.D. 1410 V Things had now assumed such an aspect, several cardinals, including' Otho Colorma, afterwards . Pope Martin' V., on constraining both Gregory the anti-Pope to resign respectively—the one, his position: the other, his pretensions, so that all the Cardinals, from Rome' and. from Avignon, coalesoe and go into- conclave, choose a Pope,' to whose election demur could attach itself ; and thus bind up the wound of the Churoh and quench; the which had too long kept Christian and hand* apart. • : BOTHJIAKT Samcoc ETKESAUT IVCUBABLE. Let us draw largely on our powen of ^position, and suppose Protestantism, to be ily a EOHISM; let na put the fact ai its eUgahuge basket foil of: kronen «p and finely fragmented heresies. Taking it in mildest form, as a oraoked schism dish, it can never oement itself; never mend its orn garment; never sew up the schismatioal rent in its contentious robe. Just look at GEBHAN PROTESTANTISM. The Lutheranism of Luther can never amalgamate with the severed Calvinism of John Calvin, or John Knox. The two schisms stand confronting each other irefully, with dirks and daggers ever in hand, ready to stab each other in the thorax if the one attempt to ascend the other's platform, and capable of no organic onion, save only when they totally renounce all doctrinal belief, Lutheran and Calvinistic, and meet on the floor of neologioal atheism. Yet these schismatics have St. Paul's 1st Epistle to the Corinthians in their hands, perhaps even "revised," which declares to them the mind of the Holy Ghost, " that there be no schism in the body" " of Christ, which is His Church" [1 Cor. i., ii., iii., i T. Eph., i., ii.]. Lutheranism,and the still more devilish Calvinism, impiously tell the Holy Ghost that it is a mistake to imagine their schisms can be reconciled and fused into unity. ENGLISH SCHISM. England was torn off from communion with the " Body of Christ," " which is His Church," by Henry VIII., solely through spiteful retaliation on the visible head of that Church on earth. The Pope refused to sanction Henry's divorce from his lawful wife, and Henry, in royal Bengal tiger rage, made it treason- felony for any one in England to hold intercourse with the Pope Henry VIII., by statute law, plunged England into schism. The schism brought forth the "Churoh of England as by law, rope and headsman's chopping block established?' Well, just see what came forth of the foul creation. 1st. Non-conformity, one of the " Church" of England's early schisms. 2nd. Anabaptistry, another schism in the Anglican schism. 3rd. Non-conformity subsided into formal Cromwellian Independency, and when thus developed, it shot and sabred its dear mother, turned the Anglican house that Cranmer built into a stable, expelled its bishops, drove some thousands of its clergy into starvation, and cut the head off King Charles I., its supreme head. 4. Then came the Quaker schism, and the Non-juror schism which lasted 100 years, and the Unitarian schism, and the Wesleyan schism, with its ten or twelve superfoetations—ten or twelve Wesleyan schisms in the Wesleyan schism, which was and is a schism in the Anglican Low Church schism. Then there is the Universalist schism, and the Plymouth Brother schism, both offshoot schisms of the Anglican schism, and the Puseyite Tractarian Ritualist schism, and the Broad Church schism, and a score more schisms, all of pure or impure Protestant generation. They all admit that these schisms are wrong, bad, hurtful to religion, and all contradictory of Scripture. Can these Anglican Protestant schisms ever be healed, and all the Protestant brethren brought to dwell in that good and pleasant unity the Psalmist sang of on his inspired harp? Never. They can never comply with St. Paul's exhortation. They must dwell in sundered, discordant, envious, censorious, mutually-repelling, ununitable schism, in schism whioh even their revised " Word of God" declares to be contrary to the will of God and the spirit of Christianity. And in this schismatical state as they live so must they die. Yet these enslaved brood of schismatics are they who prate about the schisms of the Catholic Church, all of which she has healed, and can heal, and ever lovingly strives to heal. July 26, 1881. 