fyoitm^ MORNING "GALLOPS. THH OLD COTTRSE—SATURDAY. The gallops done this morning partook of the sensational character, the two cracks who are running such a close race for favouritism in the Cup being sent at their top, in the presence of several hundred spectators, with any number of " clocks" taking note of their speed. Both performed in a highly satisfactory manner, but although tbe watches tell us that Progress ^travelled a trifle faster than Mata, we liked the New Zealander's gallop best. At a quarter-past 6 a number of horses in clothes were walking about under the trees preparatory to being stripped, but Mr. Ferry's string, which arrived a quarter of an hour later, were the first* to patronise the running ground. When The Joker had finished a mild canter, the watches were introduced to metal [more attractive in the shape of Mata, Suwarrow, and Lothair. With their Oup riders in the saddle these three trotted on to the Course proper, and cantered at a slow pace to the one-and-three-quarter post, when they jumped off, Mata and Suwarrow being started a dozen lengths in front of Lothair, who appeared to have a very light weight up. The first quarter of a mile was done at a comparatively slow pace, but then the pressure was clapped on and the three ran once round at a great pace. Suwarrow stuck to Mata to the top of the hill, where the bay drew away and_ with Lothair catching buwar-row in the straight he finished a length and half behind Miata, and the same distance in front of his stable companion. Mata appeared to be going very comfortably throughout, and 88 he did the once round in 2 mis. 45 sees, the gallop must be set down as a really good one. On pulling up, however, 600 to 450 was laid Progress v. Mata. Roebuck and Helmet worked singly at a moderate psce, and then Cock of the Walk, who is a very slippery customer, ran onos round on the tan at a fast pace, and then picked up Priest for another turn. They ran together for half the distance, when Cock of the Walk sailed away from his companion. Progress, ridden by Hales, then accompanied Savanaka on to the Course proper, and they started at a raoing paca from the mile and a half post. At the southeastern corner Savanaka retired, and on the top of the hill Result and Kohinoor started in front of Progress to bring him home. With very light weights in the saddle they held their own comfortably to the winning post. Progress was ridden right out and finished the round in 1 min. 44J sees. Spanish Lady ran a fast six furlongs alone, and then Richmond and President did two circuits of the training track. Old Richmond went very sluggishly, and the second round took them 2 min. 3 sec. He pulled up very tender in the bargain, and after being rubbed down could scarcely put his off hind leg to the ground. He has a wonderful knack of overcoming these little difficulties, however, «nd there appeared to be very little the matter with him when he was led off the Course a quarter of an hour afterwards. Vagabond, Rifleman, and Taxaraxacum cantered, and then Rifleman did a fast extender by himself. Marie, with Corrigan in the saddle, was taken on tojthe Course proper for a gallop, with Billy Nutts, but she refused to go a yard, and Corrigan pulled her up after going a mile. Billy Nutts ran trne for a mile in 57 sec. Gaspipe, Clifton, and several others worked the black as usual, bounding over the ground in fine style. XOBFHBTVOXB. Tothill was down early with D.O.D., Fictitious, Pawnbroker, and Abbot. The firstnamed did a couple of smart rounds by himself, with neck sweaters on. Fictitious did good work, and iB improving in condition every day. H. Yeend had Acrobat and Blue Ribbon down for a pipe- opener. After cantering once round by himself Blue Ribbon started from the mileand-a-half post at a great pace. He was picked up in the last mile by the hurdleracer, and both came home very fast. Blue Ribbon is a lazy customer in private, and will not race without company. Walker took the whip from the lad on Acrobat coming down the straight, and shook in at Blue Ribbon, which hsd the desired effect. Trpvallyn went once round the track and was brought home from the six furlongs post by Britannia, who lost the colt. Ruby and . Maid of all Work did good werk together, finishing up fast. Rothschild and First Water worked together during two miles at a strong pace, but the Oup colt had not a ghost of a show with First Water. The last Half mile was done in 52% sees. Spectre and Annie Forman did three quarters of a mile in 1 min. 25 sees. Topaz and Totalizator did slow work together. Claiman and Oration did a couple of turns slowly. There was a great run on Progress for the Cup on Friday evening. A representative of the owner of the colt offered to take 100 to 40, and on this being refused he accepted 2 to 1 for more than a thousand. The friends of Mata were in no way discouraged at this demonstration on the part of the Progress party, but after 300 to 100 had been booked the odds against the New Zealander expanded a point, and at 4 to 1 he was tracked for several hundreds. The backer of Progress offered to take another thousand at 2 to 1, but layers refused field against him any further. 300 to 50 was accepted in favour of Odd Trick, and Rothschild found a friend at 100's to 8. The only other backed was Rifleman, who did a very fast gallop on the course proper in the afternoon, and was banked for a thousand at 25 to 1. For the Hurdle Race 300 to 100 and other items were written down to Marie during the day, but in the evening her party held out for 4 to 1. Yeno was backed several times at 100's to 13. Owners of greyhounds are reminded that entries for tbe South Australian All- aged Stakes must be sent in to tbe Hon. Secretary, Prince Alfred Hotel, not later than 4 p.m. on Monday next, May 23. 