The Storyteller. The Adventures of Belby Boolger. (Written for the Queenslander.) I do not give you to posterity to Imitate, our an example to deter. JUNIUS, Letter XII. CHAPTER VIII. BY [?] ON arrival at the diggings they took up their quarters at Sam M'Crossin's hotel, and Robb lost no time in giving Boolger instructions as to the manner of working and handling bis dish in washing, or as it ia called " p»nmng-off, the gold. He was highly gratified at the aptness Bhown by Boolger, as well a - the attention paid to his instructions. As be Baid to some of his friends in after days, " Blessed if he did not take it all in like a little ohild, and never once put up his blessed back, and I wasn't very particular quiet with him neither." Taking into consideration Boolger'• newness at the work Kobb decided on trying surfacing to commence with ; accordingly they made a camp down the river near a place where there was some rich surface, and procured a cradle, the working of which was the most difficult lesson Boolger had yet received. As he was both anxious and willing he was not long in mastering the work, which gained him further favour in Robb's eye*. The patch of surface was about 9in. deep, and no stripping—they took everything before them. They started to work on Tuesday after dinner, and on Saturday night had Ooz. of clean gold for tho week's work. Boolger became quite excited when he saw the gold, which seemed to him an immense quantity; but seeing Robb very cool over it—" indeed," he Baid, " he did not think it any great things"—he soon grew calm, liowever, they were very well satisfied with the beginning, and Robb augured weJl from the handiness of his mate and his willingness to do what fell to his lot On Sunday they employed themselves in building a stone chimney and fireplace to their dwelling, as the weather was cold. They worked at the surface whUe it lasted, and then took up a claim in the river bed, from which they did not get much; enough, however, to pay them good wages and something over. The attention of the miners was about this time directed to the holes in the river. Boolger and Robb joined two Americans and two natives, and having procured pumps and other necessary material the party sat to and drained a hole in the river. They were about eight weeks at the work, and shared among them at the c >mpletion a square gin bottle fuU of gold—at least that in what Boolger had to his share. The yield of gold falling off, with the restlessness of true diggers some of the party proposed to Bet out for some new diggings which had been discovered at a place called fionoo Bonoo. Kobb was one of them, and they all but quarrelled over it. Eventually they agreed to separate, Boolger, Robb, and the Americans agreeing to go together, the Australians prefer* ring to remain, as they had relations settled in the neighbourhood. Boolger was very nearly losing all his gold— in the following way: His mates were in the habit of selling their gold as they got it, but from some reason whioh he himself could not well divine Boolger retained the greater part of his in his own possession—very foolishly, as there are plenty of sharpers on every diggings ready to relieve anyone lucky enough to possess gold of tho trouble of looking after it. His safety lay in the prevalent bolief that his party had not done any good, they having kept their own counsel. Boolger had buried his gold under his bed. la the hurry of preparing to start, and under the influence tf sundry prting glasses, which he could not well refuse to partake of with his mates, he forgot all about his gold, and they had started and were actually some three miles on their road for the new diggings when he suddenly recollected that ho had not unearthed his treasure. Now this Btart was very different from bis former ono from Maitlaud. Then ho was obliged to pedeatriauiso ; now he was the pos sessor of a good horse to ride, a packhorse, ■addles, and all necessary furniture, not forget tiug a (Jolt's "navy" and ummunition. When it Hashed across him that ho hud forgotten to remove his buried gold, he whueled his horse without a word to his niatus, who imagined ho had got a sunstroke, and galloped madly back to their humpy, lookod round cautiously to see if thore were any traces of its having been visited in the interval, and fliugiug himself off his horse rushed to his cache, which he found undisturbed. Fortunattly he had strapped a leather valise on his saddle at starting ; indeed he had iutended to put his gold in it, whioh he now did, and re joined his comrades, two of whom he met returning to look for him. " Whero in thunder have you been ?" was the first salutation. "We thought you had gouo olf your chump" {Avglic6, cruzv). Wbon ho explained the reason of bis mad career ho was told he might bless hu stars that Boino of the fossickers bad not been before hand with him, and was advised to put it in the bank as they passed through Armidalr, which was what he ought to have dons at first. It was represented to him that if the fact had leaked out that they were in the habit of keeping gold in the hut some of them might have lost their Hveß over it. And on Borne of the southern diggings such an occurrence was highly probable. Everyone of them had ghastly stories to tell of men who were known to keep their gold being found murdered. One of the Americans, by name Baldwin, said : " Ie the year '58 I was ou Ballarat. There were four of us working together ; we had got a good claim. There was 1 and my mate here (Glinn), a Scotchman named Fruzer, aud an Irishman named Collius. Glinn, Collins, and I lived in the same tent; Frazor had a small tent close to ours, where he lived by himself. We got a pretty good haul of the pewter, which was divided regularly among us at the week's end. Us three used to put our gold away with a storekeeper of our acquaint ance, who used to forward it by escort. Frazer, who was a bit of a miser, kept his gold planted somewhere about his tent; none of us eveu knew where he had it. At all events it leaked out iv some way that he had it, and tbiugs went on quietly for some weekß. Oue Monday he did not turn up to work at the usual time, ami Uliun, who went to call him, found him with a pick iv his bead, dead an a nib. The murderers bad turned the grouud iuside the tent over, but wbethor they got the gold or uot was never known. Perhaps not; ho might have bad it down an old Bhaft. Anyway, if be bad not got the name of keeping it by him be might have been alive now." Ab they journeyed towards Armidale mauy stories of the samo kind were related; among the rest Robb told one of an old mate of LU who bad a craze—not for keeping hid gold by him, but of pi iiiting tho inonuy he received for it. He had an aversion to puttiDg it in a bank, imagining tbat he oould be more easily plundered in that way ; and whenever ho had v sum of money he used to plaut it iv all sorts of places— hollow trees, rocks in the batiks of gullies, never near bis place of abodo. liubb wis of opinion, from one instance which came to hid knowledge, tbat Phelan did not recoll< ct half the places in which he deposited his plunder. Ho and Phelan were working together ouce, wore getting a £ood lot of gold, and one Saturday they divided the gold and sold it. Pk-elau's share came to £145, which he took all in notes. That evening, con* trary to their usual custom, they indulged in what Phelan called a mild drink." He managed to get iutozicatcd, and about midnight Kobb helped him to his humpy, and putting him to bed left him. When ho visited him next day to enquire how he was he found him in great distress. He had planted his money in a tree after Robb had left him on the night before, and could not recollect where the tree was. He had searched in all directions, but could not find his mark. He said he always pat a private mark, known only to himself, iv the neighbourhood of his plants. "Up to the time I saw him last," said Kobb, "he had not recovered it. If I hod known what I do now I would have put him in the way of recovering his cash." " How is that?" said Boolger. "Well," replied Robb, " I'll tell you. I have come across some queer mate* in my time, but the queerest coves you can ever meet are those who have been swells. I had a mate once for a short time, a fellow who had been a cavalry officer, and I had some high old games with him. He was what they call a well-educated chap; he could write Bplendid, and draw to tho life ; I'm blessed if he ueed not to draw the humpy, and claim, and everything about 'em aa natural as could be; an for real right down work, precious little of tbat went a long way with htm, I tell ye. But fur drink, that's wbat he shone at; he could drink me blind, and I can, now and then, do a tall bit of drinking—though, mind ye, 1 don't neglect tl • work for the sake of it, as you know. Well, talk about planting, this cove that I'm a tellin' ye about, when he got tight—that was whenever he had the chance—became mighty careful—may be suspicious is the word—and used to plant his watch and his rings (for the beggar ttuck to these things through thick and thin, leastways aa long as I was with him); aud his gold, when be had any, you may be sure he badu't it long. The storekeepers looked out pretty sharp when he did happen to get a bit. Well, sometimes he used to recollect where he put his things, and at other times he could not remember, for the life of him, where the plant was. What do you think he used to do ? You'd never ruceb. Ho would go away and get as tight as a fly, and the strange part of the thing was that be used to find the plant—somehow the grog used to bring bis memory back. Yes, it's as true as death. I recollect once wo was camped on a creek about a mile and a-half from the town as they called it. and Dodde—that was his name—went to the town after supper as usual to get his ekinful, und as he was fond of titivatin' himself up he took his watch and chain and put on his rings. He had one ring with a diamond in it about the size of a grain of shot that used to twinkle liko a Btar. Twas a wonder he was not eased of his trinkets, for he was noways particular about his company. He would go anywhere, and drink with anyone that asked hirr, and was free enough in that way himself when he had the tin ; and, when he had not, the way he used to stick it up on them storekeepers was a caution. I've seen many v hard working man refused credit often, but this fellow could run up a bill almost everywhere. Well, on this night us I nm tellin' ye of Dodda got drinkiDg ut nil the chanties in the placo till at last he found himself in about onu of tbo worst of 'em, and though be was as drunk as a piper he had sense enough left to see that he was watched by one or two sbarpors who were iv the place, and that thuy had their eyeu on his rings pretty often ; do what dues he do but make an excuse to go outside, nnd innko tracks for the humpy as fast as ho could. How ho got over the road in the stato he was in I ould never make out, and he did not know himself ; but about 1 o'clock—l must tell ye the night was as dark att pitch—he tumbles into the humpy. I was asleep, but be awoke me by the noi-e he made coming in. He was that bad he could hardly Btand. I was going to strike a light, but he told me not to mind it, and rolled on to his bunk. I fell asleep again. He must have got up in his sleep; any how, in the morning watch and rings and all were gone, and he did not know any more than a baby where he had put them. He was mighty near losing them altogether that twist. It was some days before he found them, and then he bad to get drunk to remember the place. I got tired of having such a mate, as I had to do all the meanest of the work, bo I left him and went to another diggings. Tho last I beard of him wan tbat he was cook at the copper mine on Rat's River, and the darned trinkets had gone down his throat in the usual way." " Well," Baid Baldwin, " I like my bittm as well as any man, and may be I do take a little more than is good for mo at times, as Glynn can toll ye. Ho and I have seen some hard times together, but we have never been robbed. If we was on for a lark, one of us managed to keep pretty straight, and I guess the loafers knew pretty well we could both shoot straight. A chap can got along right if he only keeps clour of tho shanties whrre there ar« those dnrued women. All tho murders I over knew of hap pened through them, and when wo were down South in the early time of the rush to Bendigo there were a few—and more that no one ever heard of. Well, you Bee, Glynu and I have been mates ever since wo landed in this colony—for we did land at Sydney first; aud we were ut Bendigo, as I said before. We had a claim on a pretty rich spot; the gold wu nugi?ety, and every vow and then we came on rich pockeU, Wo kept our tonguea quiet, and no one knew how wo were doiog. The aiukiug waa pretty deep, and wo watched our shaft pretty clone to keep the fusaickere out. A inau had to keep hi* eje bkiuned on those diggings. Well, for a little while there were not a great many diggers close to 110, uud wu were pietty peaceable until some darned foul found a heavy nugget uear ue, and could not hold his tongue. Then the ground wan rushed. There was a piece of spare ground next our boundary that waa taken up by two Iriahura; tolerable decent fellows they were, and being neighbours we saw a good deal of them. With the rush there came oue of those sportsmen, au wo call them in our country—fellows who muko it out by card-aharpiug and that sort of thing ; and he builds a wooden shanty about twenty yards from üb, and commenced to deal out fire water aloDg with tho cards. He had thr»e women in the establishment, and women were scarce then. The place soon grew into a little hell. Every night there was fighting going on, if if not murder, and tut re was no more quiet. Sleep was out of tbo question until near day light, and Olynn aud 1 wiched to get the claim worked out a-> quick us we could, and clcur ; but we bad some weeks' work to do, and iv the meantime something happened that made us more anxious to get awry. Those two Irishers I told yo of were good-working fellow*, but like most of their countrymen could not keep from the grog, and when the boss started a fiddler there wan no holding them ; so every night they were to be found at Cleery'd. Ono of them was a fresh good-looking chap, and it seems that one of those women at Uleery'a was from his part of the old country, and kinder cottoned to him. I gueas it woul 1 have been better if he had never met her, or Bhe him. Olynn and I kept away from the shanty as much as wo could —we had a goodish bit of gold by us—still we had to go there now and then nt to seem particular, an well as to see what was going on, and the eort of cattle that were hanging round. I did not tell you these chaps' names ; one was called Burke, and the other (the good-looking chap) we only knew as Tim. These two fellows worked away with fairish luck. At leugth one day Tim, who was a free sort of fellow, rushed orer to our camp with tho news that they hud struck it heavy, and showed us some of the gold; nice shotty gold it wn*, with here and there a big piece. He was in high spirits over it, and talked of clearing out for home when the claim was worked out Buike we did not see, but Tim aaid he was almost beside himself with joy. Of course thoy had to celebrato their fortune at Cleery's, and we had to go over with them. We did not stay long, but saw before we left that this female was bound on making Tim drunk and the other follows mad jealous at the atten tion she paid him. Tho last bight wo had of him ho had her on his knee, mid thoy seemed pretty comfortable. We returned to our tent and went to bed. Iv tho night we were both awaked by tho devilsh row over at Clrery's, but, as we were pretty well aocustomed to hearing rowa there every night, after Boeing that no one was prowling about tho shaft we turned iv and slept till morning. Next day we saw nothing of the Irishers, but as they had been drinking the pre vious night we paid no attention. In tho after* noon we noticed that Clcery was taking his departure, with his belonging?, women and all— we never counted how many, being right glad to be rid of them. And so a few duja passed. One morning we noticed an old fellow prowling about, but as ho waa a well-known foßsiuker we did not mind him much. Not'far from Cleery's shanty there was an old deserted rhuft, dowu which the old fellow went, Presently he came up, white as a ghost, and told us there wero the bodies of two men and a woman at the bottom of the shaft. The police were sent for, and the bodies hauled up, when we recoguiecd one of them to be that of the Irishman Tim, another that of his woman ; the other was the body of a stranger. Burke never showed near his claim, and nothing was ever known of the way of their death. Such things were too common to cause uny great row to bo tnudo over them. So, stranger," said he to Boolger," take my udvico : Keep your eyus bkiuuud and your mouth nhut." Buolger thought bo had got iuto a nice sort of country if uuch things as wero related were of common occurrence; but he determined to follow part of Baldwin's advice, ;.ud keep his mouth shut. They arrived at Armidalo before suudown, and put up at a hotel where they were known. Next day Boolger deposited in the Joint Stuck Bank £500, the produce of his gold, reserving ti few pounds for current expenses. As hi) had never had so much money in his life btfure, bo felt correspondingly dated, and looked on himself aa quite a man of property. Now that ho was possessed of the means, the wish to return to Ireland revived ; but bo, after a "light with his devil," as Baldwin would call it, concluded to try and add something more to tho nest-egg. The next day they remained in order to get their horses shod and obtain somo necessary articles, in the morning after, they Btarted. Boolger was not favourably impressed with tho country through which they travelled. The weather was cold, the road dreary, and at that time the accommodation to be met with along the road was of the scantiest kind. They were indebted to the pastoral tenants for supplies, atd at some places, to tell the plain truth, met with incivility—chiefly because they were wandering diggers, against whom, as a body, the most in veterate hostility was showu by a section of tho former class. In some instances they were treated well and kindly. Baldwin, who was not given to prolixity in his conversation, summed tho matter up by aayiujr, "Well, boyß, the truth is, a man is a man, no matter where you may fiud him." The party arrived at their domination without accident, and immediately eet to work, but after a few weeks' trial, not meeting with the succees they anticipated, they left nnd went back to Armidale, where they agreed to separate, the two Americans going south to Victoria. Robb and Boolger joined a party on their old field, the Rocky River, with the object of tunnelling into a hill on the river bank called Mount Jones. Uoolger stayed hero for some mouths, when he grow weary of tho monotony of tbo life, and having hud tho good fortune to double his capital in that time, be felt a strong desire to put into execution his design of revolting Ireland. He sold his interest fur considerably more than the real value, got rid of his horses, in the same manner, and started by coach for Maitland, with a draft on a Sydney bank for £2000 and suffi cient loose cash to provide for contingencies. Bearing in mind Baldwin's lesson about keeping his mouth shut, he was careful not to appear in the character of a " lucky digger," as he knew by experience that by so doing he would only be throwing out a bait to attract the attention of the sharping fraternity. During all the years he had been away from home, induced by tome feeling of fake pride and Bhame, he had never corresponded with nny members of his family, uor had he ever come in contact with any person from his part of the country who could inform him how things stood with his relatives. But on his arrival in Sydney, and while debating with himself whether he had better write and an nounce his coming, by one of those rare chancea which do sometimes occur in life, the very man capable of giving him the desired information appeared on the scene. True to his fixed deter mination not to approach anything like display, either in hu dre*s or mode of living, Boolger put up at hid former place of abode on the Circular Quay, and to all enquiries as to how he had fared while up the country returned evasive replies. Soon after his arrival a ship with immigrants arrived, and some of the young men came to reside at the house where he lived. Knowing by the peculiar brogue—the Bocoa Corkaginensio— that one of them came from the province of Munster at least, Boolger entered into conversa tion with him, and to his surprise found he was not only a countryman but a townsman, by name Lamb, aud, further, that he knew all about hi* (Boolger'n) family. Lamb did not recognise him uudar hi* assumed name, and having no bus* picion of his personality told him frankly all he knew about the persons in whom he was inter* eated. The sum of which waa, that his father was dead—had been dead for some years ; bis sister married to a man by name Power, owner of some property in the county ; his mother still •live, and living in Ochyle. As to his other friends—old Stand up Straight was dead, aud the business bad been sold to a stranger. But of tbe transaction which had been the means of Boolger's leaving home Lamb knew nothing. Boolger's schoolfellows wero scattered about the world—some in America, nome in India ; one of his intimates, by name Robinson, had been killed in Spain a long time ago ; he was an officer in the Spanish Legion, and was shot while crossing a river to post a letter home—so they said—but what regiment Robinson bad been in Lamb did not know. Boolger remembered hearing of a young officer having been shot, ia the way de scribed, by the Carlista, and knew now that it was his old schoolfellow, and that they must have been quartered at the same place several times without his knowledge. Then as to his old flame—and his enquiries were made very cautiously at this stage—oh! yes, Lamb knew her. She was married long since to a surveyor, and had a family. So were a dozen more of his female acquaintances whom Boolger recollected as young girls going to school; at which he was amaxed until he cast up the years of his absence, and found that thero had been ample time for them to develop into matrons. The information derived from his new ac quaintance almost cured him of his wish to go back, seeing that in the altered state of affairs he would be almost a stranger iv the land but for his mother. Yes, he would go and see her once more. His mind being made up, there was little delay in the execution. By the third evening after his conversation with Lamb he had arranged for the transfer of his money to England, and engaged himself on board the Clara, barque, bound to London, as an ordinary seaman. He did not see the use in spending money for his passage when he might make some. The vessel sailed from Sydney December 14,1857, and made her passage in eighty days, Boolger having acquitted himaelf to the satisfaction of his shipmates, both officers and men -which is one of those very rare occurrences we hear of—on the voyage. And now that he found himself in England we would have thought that be would almost have anni hilated time in his anxiety to reach his home, Kit he lingered on for some weeks in indecision. His feelings underwent a revulsion for which he could not account. Where had been all expect ancy aud hot desire thero arose coolness and in decision. At last he determined to put an end to this state of feeling, so lie went direoMy and took his passage on a Cork steamer to sail next morning, and arrived in his native town on the 25th March, 1858, having been absent twenty years and three months. And there for the present we will take leave of him. Punch is again to the front for this month, and from a casual glance through its pages we should Bay that the present number in every way sustaius the reputation which our clever contemporary has gained. It has that substan tial, respectable, go-ahead look about it which is a sure sign of successful journalism. The cartoon is well conceived, although the portraits are not so cleverly executed as many others we have seen in Punch. It is based upon the Mitchell eleotion, and is called " The Third Party." On the right is the Premier, in the guise of a boni face, in front of the " Pure Merino Hotel ;" while on the opposite side stands the leader of the Opposition, in the character of the landlord of " The People's Inn." Each is earnestly soli citing the patronage of a representative of the Barcoo electors, and recommending to him the superior accommodation which his house offers, but ttiH latter, turning bin back upon them, remarks that he will " try ft little farther up the street." Punch iiUo has nuohhnr hit or two at the hind leaguer* ; while bucU a good Riibj^ct as the cruise of the Emerald, vrhich the Sydney Bulletin has already immortalised in its account of the cipture of that "one small nigger," is not allowed to pans uniojp'oved. A poem entitled "D«ad in the QntMiusla-id Hush," headed by a graphic illustration, Bhcws that Punch does not devote the whole of bid attention to matters of a light aud humorous character. In the matter of printing and general get-up Queensland Punch is many atridoa ahead of any Australian production of a kindred nature. 