Tales and Sketches. A CHURCH MOUSE. " I must trust to your instinct," muttered the traveller, letting the bridle fall upon his horse's neck. "The eyes of an owl would be at fault on such a night as this. Be quiet, you brute ! Do you mean to repay my confidence by breaking my neck ?" The animal had shied so violently as nearly to throw his rider, and stood trem bling in every muscle. His master peered tlirougli the darkness in the endeavour to make out the cause of liis terror. He could perceive before him the dim outline of a dismantled chmcli, with its brood of gravestones clustered about it. Beside the road, so close tliat lie could have touched it w itli hiB whip, he discovered an indistinct white object crouching upon one of the graves. Resolving upon knowing what it was, he dismounted and approached it. As he did so, it arose and fled rapidly away. With his curiosity now fully aroused he followed it. As it neared the church, it turned suddenly and confronted him. At tliis moment a broad glare of lightning flashed athwart the sky, and he saw be fore,him a young girl dressed, jp a|Jiin, •water-soaked garment, her hair tailing in drenched coils upon her shoulders. For an instant her white, scared faee was turned towards liim, and her laige, sor rowful eyes met his with an appealing look, then she seemed to melt into the solid body of the church. As well as the darkness permitted, he examined the spot where she had disap peared, but could find no opening through which she could have escaped. He called aloud that he was a friend, and that she had nothing to fear. The only answer was the weird wail of the tempest through the broken arches. With a feeling akin to superstitious terror, he hastily remounted his horse, and did not draw rein until he reached the village inn. " Who occupies the old church yonder ?" he enquired of the landlord. " Ah ! you have seen it," exclaimed the landlord, mysteriously. "It?" echoed the traveller. "I saw what I take to be a poor demented girl." " You saw the spirit of one," answered the host, solenndy. " Everyone here knows the story. When she was alive her name was Ada Morton. Her father died a year back, leaving her heiress to his property. As she was yet a minor, he appointed liis friend Stephen Eastbura her guardian, who, in case of her death unmarried, was to inherit the property. It is said that lie beat, starved, and cruelly ill-treated her. One night—just such a night as this—she disappeared. Her hat and cloak were found on the river bank next morning. It was plain that the poor creature had sought deliver ance from her persecutor by suicide. That was three months ago. Her body was never found, but her spirit has been often seen in tlie churchyard, where her father lies. Meanwhile the man who drove her to her death lives at his ease in her father's house 011 the hill. The traveller was evidently deeply 111 terested in the story, but he made no I comment upon it. Merely informing the landlord that he should remain for a week or two, he retired to his room. Like many another young man of for tune, Charles Barclay was afflicted with too much leisure. His sole object in tliis part of the country was merely a languid search after amusement. The landlord's story had strongly aroused liis curiosity. Moreover, tlie young girl's sad face and beseeching glance in the churchyard had made a strange impression upon him. Something in her improbable liistoly had led him to form a vague suspicion of a truth nearly as improbable. Eagerly ac cepting the possible cliance of an exciting experience, he determined to sift the mat ter to the bottom. Without dropping a hint as to his in tentions, he left the inn 011 the next night shortly after eleven o'clock, and proceeded to the old church. The place was silent and deserted ; not even a stray dog was to be seen wandering about tlie church yard. All ineffably dreary air hung about the place, depressing his spirits, and al most resolved him to abandon his object. But a sentiment of pride urged him 011, and he cautiously made his way into the church and sat down in one of the pews. For more than an hour nothing oc curred to attract liis attention. He be came drowsy and was 011 the point of fall ing asleep where he sat, when a low, weird peal from the old organ moaned through the church. He sat erect, and listened, with suspended breath. The sound rose higher and clearer, and presently the sweet but mournful tones of a woman's voice joined it. He could make out the words of a prayer for the wretched. After a moment the music ceased, and lie could hear the singer sobbing in a low, heart-broken way that brought tears to his eyes. He strained his eyes through the darkness, but could make out notliing. Arising, be called out : " Whoever you are, you are in sorrow and affliction. I cannot see you. I will not pursue you. All I desire is to be your friend. Will you answer me ?" There was no reply, and the weeping suddenly ceased. After a moment of he sitation he made his way to the organ loft and struck a match. No one was visible, nor was there the smallest trace of the re cent presence of any human being. Con siderably startled, he left the church, de termined to repeat his experiment on the following night Providing liimself with a dark lantern, he went to the church on tlie next night, and secreted liimself near the organ. As before, it was nearly midnight before he became conscious of the presence of an other person in the building. On this oc casion the organ was not played, but there was a slight rustle as of a woman's dress, and presently he heard the same low bit ter weeping. Quickly arising, lie shot the rays of the lantern in the direction whence the sounds proceeded. Not more than three yards from him, in the broad glare of the light, he beheld the girl whom he had met in the churchyard. She was looking at him with an expression of intense terror in her white face and tear-wet eyes. As she stood cowering before him she reminded him of some innocent animal crouching at the hunter's feet With an accent of ! deep pity he addressed her : j " I saw you in the churchyard the night | before last; I spoke to you last night. I am not an enemy, nor an idle curiosity seeker. I earnestly want to aid you. Will you not trust me ?" Keeping her eyes fixed upon liirn with the same distrustful look, she answered in a faint far-olf voice : " Your friendship or your enmity can be nothing to me. The world you live in, by its wickedness and cruelty, drove me to my deatlL I am doomed to haunt tliis place until justice is done upon my de stroyer. " " You are trying to mislead me," ex claimed Barclay. " You are no spirit, but a poor, starving, homeless young giiL You have suffered miserably, and I have resolved to restore you to your rights, as well as exact reparation* from the man who lias wronged you." He advanced towards her as he spoke and stretched out Iris arms to seize her. For an instant she seemed uncertain how to act, then even as liis hand seemed to pass bodily tlirougli her shape, she melted into the sliadows of the place. This time he did not pursue her. Her mysterious escape, which seemed to confirm her own words, begau to impress him with the be lief tliat he had indeed confronted a visit ant from the other world. Next morning, however, cool reflection taught him that he might easily have de ceived himself in Iris excitement. He therefore resolved all the more obstinately to pursue tlie investigation. For three nights following, he secreted liimself in the church and awaited her ap pearance, but his watch was fruitless. This caution on lier part fully convinced him that lie was dealing with a human being, and not with an impalpable phan tom. Meantime, in pursuance of tlie suspicion which the landlord's story had imparted to him, he found a pretence on which to make the acquaintance of Stephen East burn. The man impressed Iiim unfavour ably at first sight. Tall and gaunt of figure, with small, restless grey eyes and a false smile, he seemed to Barclay to be capable of any villainy. The young man was careful to avoid mentioning the sup posed gliost, and departed with an invita tion to call again. On tlie fourth night Barclay again se creted himself in the church. It was cold for tlie season, and he shivered in his hiding-place, despite liis warm clothing. Hour after hour passed away, and he was beginning to fear that his errand would again prove fruitless, when a faint light in the body of the cburcli caught his eye. As it rose higher, he could see that it pro ceeded from a small heap of sticks col lected upon the stone floor. Crouching over it, and extending her thin fingers to J tlie flame, lie beheld the figure of tlie young girl. Evidently overcome with the j cold, she had ventured to indulge in this i small comfort, in the hope that it might escape notice. Pulling off liis shoes, Barclay crept up behind her, and, before she was aware of liis presence, seized her in liis strong grasp. " I knew you were no gliost," he said, smiling ; " though, if you continue this life much longer you will become one." She uttered a faint cry of terror, and sunk upon her knees. " Spare me," she sobbed. " I am only a poor, homeless, friendless girl, who never wronged anyone. Why do you pursue me ?" " For your own good, my poor girl," he said, kindly. " Why will you not believe in my good intentions ?" " Why should I ?" she cried, passion ately. " Did not my father's trusted friend, the man who had sworn to be my second father, seek my life ?" " Ah!" said Barclay, with a staid. " My conjecture was true, then. He de coyed you to the river, and, after believ ing you safely out of the way, left your cloak and hat upon the bank to give the impression that you committed suicide i" " "ies," she answered ; " hut the river was more merciful tluui he, for it cast me ashore alive. Sickly with horror, and madly afraid of the whole world, I came here where my father lay, to die upon his grave. But it is liard for one so young to die. I have lived here these three montlis, suffering, freezing, dying. That I was taken for my own ghost was fortunate for me, for it kept everyone away from me, and aided me to get what little would keep me alive after nightfall. And I liave encour aged the superstition. Now you know all H you are tlie man's emissary, may God forgive you and help ine." " I am an emissary of mercy," returned Barclay. " I am here to do justice on a villain, and to restore you to your rights. Will you trust and help me J" She looked up at him. " You have a good, kind face," she said, offering him her hand. "I will trust you." "Then," said Barclay, "keep up the character you have assumed for one more day. To-morrow night I shall bring East burn here with witnesses. Do you play on the organ when your hear us enter. When I turn the dark lantern upon you, arise and denounce liirn as your murderer. We can safely leave lihn to accuse him self." " I will do as you wish," she answered, brokenly. " How can I thank you 1" " By following my directions," replied Barclay, brusquely, to hide Iris own emo tion. With a few words of advice lie left her. His next move was to go directly to the landlord of the inn, relate the whole story, and secure liis support. At ten o'clock 011 the next night, iii (Company with the landlord, he called upon Stephen1' Eastburu. Cutting short his smooth salutation, Barclay said :— " Mr. Eastburn, the obscure manner of your ward's death, lias given rise to strange rumours in the village. Her spirit is said to ivander in the old church We desire you to accompany us there to-night in order to set those stories at rest." Eastbum's jaw dropped, his face became livid, and he was barely able to reply in a quivering voice : " Ghost ! absurd ! Do you mean to make a fool of me 1 I will not go to the church at this hour of the night." " Allow me to observe," said Barclay sternly, " that the rumours unless you aid in dissipating them, may culminate in a charge of murder." Something significant in his tone seemed to render Eastburn suddenly sub missive. " Of course I will go, out of politeness if you iiisist. We shall probably bag a church mouse. They are proverbially so starved as to be incapable of flight." No reply was given to this lame attempt at humour, and in a very uncomfortable frame of mind he went to the church, and was shown into a pew in the dark between them. After a moment of silence the low tones of the organ sounded all through the church, accompanied by a woman's voice. " What is this !" cried Eastburn, start ing up. " Whose voice was that !" " Be silent," said Barclay, sternly. " Good reason have you to hear that voice with guilty horror." At the same instant the glare from liis lantern fell broad^* upon the organ. Standing before it, looking down at them, was the figure of Ada Morton. " Oh, God," groaned Eastburn, chok ingly. " My sins have found me out. She lias come back from the other world to accuse me of her death." " Yes," said the girl solemnly. "Ste phen Eastburn, you are my murderer." " I confess it," shrieked the teiTor maddened wretch ; " I ask 110 merey from man, for the grave has condemned me. Take me away—hide me from this awful sight." The light was turned out, and the girl's figure disappeared. The horror- smitten Eastburn, shrieking mingled prayers and curses, was taken to the village and impri soned on the double charge of fraud and attempted murder. In the course of time he was convicted and punished. On the same day that lie was sentenced, Barclay called upon Ada Morton, now in stalled in her father's house. With her restoration to her rights, she had re covered her health and beauty, and it was with a strange feeling of mingled hope and fear that the young man took her hand and said : " I have called to say good-bye, Miss Morton." " The bright smile faded from her face, and a look of pain came in its place." " You are going away 1 I had hoped jtou would stay with us." " My work here is done," he answered. " I liave restored you to your home, and to-day your enemy received the punish ment of his crimes. What more is there to do r " Nothing," she returned, brokenly, but to forget the poor girl whom you have befriended. That will be easy." " No," he replied earnestly. " So dif ficult that I shall never accomplish it. To stay as your friend is impossible. I must go away and labour to crush out this long ing, tliis love for you, which lias over grown my whole heart, or stay to cherish it for your sake. Tell me, dear Ada, which must I do." She looked up at him shyly, and came nearer to Lis side, iis she whispered, "Stay." 