Nobelist. PARTNERS ; A TRUE STORY. BY A COUNTRY ATTORNEY. CHAPTER VIII. WHEN Mr. Parchment left Slocum he had not entirely severed his connection with the district ; and a few days previously to the proposal of marriage made by Mr. Hooky, he had returned for some temporary purpose of his own. When he had been in business at Slocum he had been the legal adviser of Mrs. Hardgrove ; and therefore it was only natural that she should employ him to arrange the necessary preliminary settlement before making the leap in the dark which a matri- monial venture usually is. Accordingly, he called upon Mr. Hooky, and that gentle- man received him with the lofty courtesy which was his distinguishing characteristic. "I am happy to be informed," observed Mr. Parchment, after some preliminary con- versation, "that this is purely a love match." "Oh, certainly," hastily interposed Mr. Hooky, "one of those spontaneous develop- ments of the tender passion of which poets dream ; and which, only middle aged men who have searched vainly, during a barren five and forty weary years of loveless existence, for sympathy, can fully appreciate." "Just so," said Mr. Parchment, "these noble sentiments do you infinite honour, Mr. Hooky ; allow me to grasp your hand and congratulate you upon having nobly won a woman who, in spite of her poverty, is alike worthy of Silas Hooky Esquire and worthy of the elevated sentiments of which he is such a choice exponent." "Poverty ! Mr. Parchment, I don't exactly understand." "Nay, nay, affect not ignorance of that which must be known to you in common, with all those who are privileged above the common herd in being admitted to the intimacy of the fair widow of Pine Villa." "Upon my soul, Mr. Parchment, you are speaking in enigmas, will you be good enough to explain ?" "Well, well, as you persist in your assumed ignorance, I will begin, at the beginning. You must know, then, that when old Hardgrove died he made a will. But, here— I have the draft with me, it will explain all." Silas Hooky read the draft will, and then said : "Mr. Parchment, this is really most ex- traordinary." "The very words I used to the late lamented Hardgrove," remarked Mr. Parch- ment. "The infernal old scoundrel !" said Mr. Hooky. "The infamous old hoary-headed assassin," said Mr. Parchment. "Then she will be absolutely penniless," said Hooky. "Absolutely," said Parchment. "But she must have saved something from her income," continued Hooky. "It was all invested in the Happy-Go- Lucky Bank," returned Parchment. "And that institution has smashed," mused Hooky. "Smashed," assented Parchment. "Mr. Parchment," said Hooky in tones of the saddest melancholy, "my belief in human nature is shattered. Human per- fectibility is a baseless dream. I feel that the poetry of existence is a thing of the past, and that selfishness and egotism have taken the place of that tender consideration for others, which it is my consolation to think that I, at least, have kept ever fresh and unsullied. My mind is made up. I will sacrifice myself on the altar of duty. If I were to marry Mrs. Hardgrove, and then to die, I would never forgive myself. What would become of her under these circum- stances ? I shudder to think of it. No," continued the eloquent Hooky, as he warmed to the subject, "I will never consent to injure the woman I love by asking her to share my poverty. She is free— free as the air ! Tell her that Silas Hooky, Esquire, while his heart is breaking, yet recognises the imperative calls of that unwritten code of honour which rewards this sacrifice. Tell her," he continued in broken accents, "that Silas Hooky Esquire will not stand in the way of her marrying some one who shall be worthy of her ; some one who may give her the wealth which he has not to offer ; but who cannot bestow upon her the wealth, of affection which henceforth will be buried in this blighted heart," and Mr. Hooky struck that part of his anatomy which is supposed to cover the organ of the affections. Mr. Parchment was deeply moved by such self- abnegation on the part of Hooky. He could hardly find words to express his sense of the estimation in which he held that gentleman, and, in taking his leave, his agitation was apparent in the fact that he had to cough several times to keep down the lump in his throat. However, he seemed to recover himself very quickly, and, by the time he had gained the street, his face bore more indication of laughter than of tears. As for Mr. Hooky, he congratulated himself upon the ability and address with which he had retired from a somewhat difficult position. Upon leaving Mr. Hooky's office, Mr. Parahment returned to Pine Villa, and re- ported the result of his interview with that conscientious gentleman. "And so, after all his protestations, he refuses to marry me ?" said Mrs. Hardgrove. "Well, he did not absolutely refuse ; but he said that you were free, which is tanta- mount to the same thing." "The faithless man ! After exhausting the language of love in protestation of his affection, and nearly killing my poor cat, he now withdraws ; but I will be, at least, avenged. Mr. Hooky shall not trifle with, my affections with impunity ; and Mr. Walker shall be my adviser. I shall sue him for breach of promise—damages £2000." "The question is," observed Mr. Parch- ment, smiling, as he helped himself to another lump of sugar, "how much damage have you sustained ?" "Yes, true, let me see," mused the widow, "one afternoon wasted in listening to his declaration— that is so much to the debit ; but against that I must simply place the value of the amusement the interview afforded me— and then, I think, I will really remain, on this count, Mr. Hooky's debtor." "You certainly cannot prove liquidated damages there," said Mr. Parchment. "No, clearly not, then I must fall back upon the damage done to my cat," and at the reminiscences, induced by the mention of that unfortunate animal, the two conspira- tors, for such they undoubtedly were, laughed heartily. \------------------------------ CHAPTER IX. THE morning after the events related in the last chapter was a very important one for Mr. Walker ; as the post brought the intelligence of the death of his uncle, to whose bounty he was indebted for his annuity ; and, he thus learnt, that he was the owner of several extensive cattle stations in Queensland, and 120,000 sheep in Riverina. Just as he was finishing the perusal of this letter, Mr. Hooky stepped in, and he was about to inform that gentleman of his good fortune, when the latter opened the conver- sation by relating his interview with Mr. Parchment. Jim's feelings at this recital were of a very mixed nature, indeed ; but, such as they were, they led him to make up his mind to say nothing at all about his succession to his uncle's property. His feelings with regard to Hooky were those of mixed envy and contempt. If Hooky was to be believed, Mrs. Hardgrove was in love with that astute gentleman ; and Jim's heart was bursting with envy, while he had great difficulty in resisting his inclination to kick the self-complacent narrator, as he proceeded to unfold the position of affairs in his own peculiar style. The conduct of Hooky he considered in the last degree con- temptible. The will, as explained by Hooky, was simply infamous. The principal feature of it was, that within three years from the death of the testator, his widow was to marry a man worth £40,000, and of an age at least equal to that which the testator would have reached had he lived until the date men- tioned ; failing which the whole of the pro- perty was to be vested in trustees for the benefit of the Kirk, and for the propagation of the Gospel among the Sandwich Islanders. Such a monstrous will Jim had never heard of in his life ; and he was burning with indig- nation as he took up his pen to write a letter to Mrs. Hardgrove, asking her to marry him right off, explaining that he knew her posi- tion and that he was now a wealthy man and an infinite number of other things which flashed through his brain, warmed his imagination, and tinged with couleur de rose his future. But he did not go very far in his epistolary adventure before he stopped, rubbed the bridge of his nose thoughtfully with the handle of his pen, and said to him- self— "H—m !" rubbed the right side of his nose, and then, with an air of profound con- viction said— "Oh !" tore the letter into a thousand pieces and walked out. He went straight to Pine Villa where he found Mrs. Hardgrove working in the garden with a huge straw hat on and looking more charming than ever. "Mrs Hardgrove, I have come to say good- bye." "You surprise me Mr. Walker"— and the voice seemed a little tremulous— "but why should I be surprised, as I am going to leave the dear old place myself." "I have heard of vour misfortunes, Mrs. Hardgrove, and I can only say if I can be of any service to you in any way, you have only to command me." Mrs. Hardgrove wishing to turn the con- versation, said : "We," then correcting her- self, "I was going to say we shall miss you very much— but I mean the society of Slocum will— will miss you," and the widow very nearly broke down. "The society of Slocum wouldn't miss me," said Jim, in desperation, "if I had as much inducement to stay as Mr. Hooky has—" "What inducement do you mean ?" in- quired the lady, blushing, in spite of her self. "I mean the regard of one whom he has not the sense to appreciate, or the soul to be worthy of." "I will not affect to misunderstand you, Mr. Walter, but you must surely have a low opinion of me if you think I ever bestowed a thought upon Mr. Hooky. I confess, that before I knew that I was utterly ruined by the recent bank failure, I allowed myself to play with the sensitive and tender nature of that delightful creature, knowing that I was perfectly safe from his attentions so soon as he was informed of my position." "It was a dangerous game to play, Mrs. Hardgrove." "But I knew the man too well to be at all alarmed. I confess it was an imprudent thing to do— perhaps unwomanly ; but I was drawn into it by the comical surroundings of the position ; and, indeed, I had need to seize every opportunity of forgetting my unhappy lot." She was nervously tearing a rose to pieces ; leaf by leaf it was falling at her feet, and it seemed as if she were throwing away some tender recollection with each bloom. "Are you then so very unhappy ?" said Jim looking into her eyes, while he caught one of her hands in both of his. No reply and but a faint attempt to draw her hand away. "Mrs. Hardgrove," said Jim in a low voice, "you know, better than I can tell you, what my feelings are. Before I dared to hope that I might ever even touch your hand I felt attracted towards you. It was not love, for then such a feeling was impossible ; but it was a fascination. I could no more banish your image from my heart than I could stop its pulses from beating— as they do now— when I was conscious of your pre- sence. For months I lived a hopeless life, and concealed from every curious eye the passion which was consuming me. But from you I could not hide my heart, and I some- times dreamed that you were not displeased at my presumption. When you called at my office, after that unfortunate letter, you found me plunged in the deepest abyss of misery and self-abasement. I never could forgive myself, but you forgave me without asking. I thought, I fancied, some subtle instinct seemed to whisper that I was not altogether indifferent to you ; and then the feelings of I know not what, which was mixed of love, and fascination, and despair, seemed at once to take possession of me. I felt that I was not worthy of you. It was not so much your wealth, but the consciousness that I had played an unworthy part. That my life was a living lie, weighed upon my heart. The talisman of love had showed me my position in all its deformity, and how could I, sailing as I was, under false colours, dare to pretend to the hand of a lady such as you without laying myself open to the suspicion of marry- ing her for her money." "And when Mr. Hooky enlightened you as to my poverty," said Mrs. Hardgrove, as she made another feeble attempt to release her hand, "you came to say good-bye." "I came to know my fate, Mrs. Hard- grove ; to know if you loved Mr. Hooky as he led me to believe." Mrs. Hardgrove at this point snatched away her hand, and made a little feminine gesture expressive of disdain. "Don't insult me, please, Mr. Walker ; don't mention the name of Hooky coupled with mine unless you wish me to leave you. It was as much to punish you for having allowed yourself to be led by such a man, that I gave him permission to bestow upon me his loathsome addresses. I hate and despise him so much that I feel as if I could almost hate you for being his partner." "I am not really his partner," said Walker in explanation ; "we were only working together to get at the foolish public. But I need not tell you I am heartily ashamed of even that piece of disingenuous- ness." "And how long is it since your conscience began to trouble you ?" said the lady, smiling. "Since I felt that I really loved you, and might hope for a return." "And when was that ?" "When I fancied that this little hand," said Jim, again making prisoner the hand in question ; "when I fancied that this little hand returned the pressure of my own." "Then you loved me since yesterday morning ?" "I hoped since yesterday morning." "And you loved me since when ?" "Since the beginning of creation," said Jim, impulsively, "for I believe we were formed for each other." By that time they were seated on a rustic form, under the shade of an oriental plane, and for some moments there was complete silence as the lovers looked out over the diversified prospect of green pasture and wooded slope. Pine Villa was situated about two miles out of Slocum, upon a slight ele- vation, which, have a charming prospect of wood and wold. The smoke of the Slocum hearths could be seen stealing into the air over the tops of the trees, while the recum- bent forms of sheep and cattle were diminished by the perspective into blotches of colour. Neither spoke. Jim had poured out his whole heart in a torrent of words, of which he hardly knew the meaning, and waited for a response. He watched the ex- pressive face of his companion, as a variety of emotions seemed to strive with each other for the mastery. Of what was she thinking while she looked out into the distance with those sad, steadfast eyes ? what memories were rising, like the ghosts of a dead past, of those years of love- less existence with that hard, old man ? of her warm affections crushed and blighted by her hopeless life ? of the new vista of possi- bilities opening before her in the love of a man who was worthy to be enshrined in the innermost heart of a true woman ? What- ever were her thoughts they were tinged with sadness ; and her eyes filled with the tears which she could not suppress. Jim was moved with a sympathetic feeling as he drew her to his heart ; and he was assured of his answer, for she smiled through her tears when he kissed her, as a mute seal of their compact. We shall now leave the two lovers to talk over matters more interesting to themselves than to anybody else while we enlighten our readers as to some other things which have had a considerable bearing on this history. Jim, like most other people had a father and mother ; but, unlike the gener- ality of men, he had also a half-sister, about three years younger than himself. His mother died when he was an infant ; and his father married the lady who took charge of the motherless boy, and who bestowed as much love upon him as she lavished upon her own child. This is not the usual way of stepmothers ; but the second Mrs. Walker was a kind woman, and she had a heart big enough for both of her children, as she very properly called them. The uncle, old Jock MacPherson, as he was familiarly called, was his mother's brother. To this eccentric old bachelor Jim was indebted for his annuity, which was, at first, only £100 ; but when MacPherson heard, accidentally, that Jim gave up £75 of this amount to his step- mother and sister, to help them to keep house with their own small income, he made Jim an allowance of £200 a year and gave a like annuity to his stepmother. It is as well to mention these little traits about old Jock ; for he prided himself upon being the meanest man in Australia, and he would back himself to travel from the Gulf of Carpentaria to Melbourne cheaper than any man in the colonies. Now, although Jim was a very kind- hearted fellow, and so good to his half-sister and stepmother, he was, like most young men, a very bad correspondent. Since leav- ing Melbourne he had only written once to his sister Mary, and the amount of informa- tion she had derived from that epistle was of the smallest. But Mary Walker had a good correspondent in Mrs. Hardgrove, who had been an old schoolmate of hers ; and, as is the wont of women, they wrote each other most religiously every week long letters containing all sorts of feminine information, and, possibly, some little feminine scandal. It was a source of pure and unalloyed enjoyment to these two unregenerate women to think that they had a secret, and that the secret had something to do with a man. That Jim was perfectly unconscious of being the subject of a feminine plot added a zest to their secret understanding which was simply delicious. We must now return to the lovers, whom we have left long enough alone to get over their first raptures and to settle down to an interesting conversation in which delightful plans of love in a cottage appeared the acme of terrestrial bliss. "My dear Nelly," said Jim, as the lovers rose to stroll through the garden, arm in arm, "you have made me the happiest man in the world, and the only thing that puzzles me is how it has all come about." Mrs. Hardgrove looked up with an arch smile, and said : "Have you, then, so little confidence in your own merits as to be troubled with doubts on the subject ?" "I have no doubt that I adore you, my darling ; but I oan't imagine what you can see in me to make it worth your while to say you love me." "Are you not a kind- hearted, honest, good-looking, unselfish dear boy, that I have known for the last— let me think—" "Twenty-four hours," suggested Jim, as he squeezed her hand. "No," laughed the widow, joyously, while a slight blush suffused her cheek at Jim's evidently increasing boldness. "Well," thought Jim, "I have only been in Slocum for six months, and it can't be more than that." "Six months, my love !" he hazarded. "No ; guess again," said his companion, with a smile which made Jim's heart beat at high pressure. "I give it up," sighed Jim ; "but have compassion on my ignorance, and don't keep me longer in suspense." "Two years," said the widow. "Two years !" echoed Jim. "Why, you must be a witch," he remarked in tones of affected horror, while he made a motion as if he were about to fly from her ; but which, by a dexterous flank movement, he changed into encircling her waist with his right arm. "And who was your wretched informant, my love ?" "A young lady." "Alas ! the mystery is thickening. I am a doomed man," groaned Jim, as his eyes sparkled with a mixture of mystification and delight. "And her name— what is her unfortunate name ?" "Polly Walker," said the widow demurely, while a lurking smile made her beautiful eyes brighter than ever. "What !" cried Jim, eagerly ; "dear old Polly, my sister ; I didn't know that you knew her." "We were schoolmates, and have been in constant correspondence ever since we left school. About six months since, I sent her a sweetheart from Slocum, and she returned the compliment by drawing such vivid pic- tures of your mental and moral perfections that I made up my mind that you were alto- gether too good for me, and I determined to leave you severely alone." "Which you accordingly did," interjected Jim. "Which I accordingly did," said the wiiow, "until—" "Until what ?" "Until I could see that you were going to break your heart about it." "And then you took compassion on me." These two misguided people were looking at each other as if they were the sole occu- pants of the Universe. The garden in which they were loitering was their Eden. Here was no forbidden fruit and no serpent tempting to unknown delights. They loved each other and that to them was bliss enough ; but their love was pure, and tinged with a chivalrous regard for everything that was best and holiest in woman on his part ; while she credited her lover with all the manly virtues of a Bayard, "sans peur et sans reproche." Their interesting tete a tete was interrupted by a light step on the gravel, and a discreet cough which heralded the appearance of a young lady who tried to look very unconscious as the lovers accom- panied her back to the house. "And so, Polly," said Jim to his sister, "you and Nelly— I mean Mrs. Hardgrove— have been engaged in a conspiracy." "Oh ! don't be bashful, Jim," laughed his sister ; "call her Nelly ; I always call her Nelly ; she likes it. As for the conspiracy I confess my share of it ; but I hope you won't feel very much annoyed about it. Poor boy !" she continued, in a tone of assumed melancholy, "it has cost you your heart ; and you could ill spare that, for it is about all you have to bestow." "To punish you two conspirators," said Jim, severely, "I shall keep from you a most profound secret until— well, until this young woman here changes her name from Mrs. Hardgrove to Mrs. Walker." "And I," said Mrs. Hardgrove, with an equal assumption of gravity, "to punish you for attempting to punish us, will let you remain, for three weeks, in profound ignor- ance of a circumstance which is of very great importance to us both." "In three weeks we are to be married," said Jim. What the widow said, in reply, was lost in the noise of shutting the door as they entered the house ; but possibly the march of events will in due course reveal her answer. (To be continued.) 