" Dr. Holmes." HOW THE OLD GENTLEMAN's POETRY WAS REMODELED BY A LAW REPORTER. (Brooklyn Eagle.) " Would you be kind enough to direct me to the editor ?" asked a grave and venerable gentleman, with a kindly face and pleasant smile. "He's out," responded the law reporter. " Is there anything I can do ?" " I am Dr Holmes," responded the gentleman. " Where's your office, doctor ? Come to see about the diphtheria ? I can do as well as the editor. What is it ?" and the law reporter braced himself. " Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes," replied the gentleman, his handsome face beaming with good nature. I have a little poem I would like to submit. Shall I leave it with you ?" The law reporter took it and read it aloud. " You call it a ' Winter Day on the Prairie,' " paid he, " Him yes." A blinding glare, a silver sky, A sea of snow, with frozen spray The foaming billows iwelliOK high, Updashed against the icy day. White laden northern whirlwinds blow Across the pale sea's heaving breast, And DU the creamy ebb and flow With stormy terror and unrest. The storm birds flit athwart the main Like rudderless, bewildered ships. The stranded winds breathe sobs of pain And frosty froth from pallid lips. The seething milky waves, in swift. Harsh struggle with the fate that binds, Break into frozen mitt and drift Against the wrecked and straining winds. A sea of loneliness and death, Whose waves are ghosts, whose values are graves whose inspiration is the breath That lurks in northern winter caves. A snowy groom, whose icy shade less white beneath the Spray tipped crest, Whose silver sombreness is laid A glaring pall across his breast. "Just so, just so," continued the law reporter. "Did you want this published as it is?" " I had thought something of giving it publicity," replied the doctor. "You'll have to get the advertising clerk to register it then," retorted the law reporter. " I wouldn't take the responsibility of sending it in as it stands now." " What seems to be the matter with it ?" inquired the doctor. "I don't think it is natural, Now, here ; you take a snowstorm on the prairie and make it a sea. Then you freeze it all up and make it dash around. You've either got to draw it out or quit dashing it. We may be able to alter it so that it will do, if you'll leave it." "What alterations would you suggest ?" asked the doctor " I'd fix that first verse so as to be in accordance with the facts ; make it sequential,' as we say in law. Instead of having the blinding, and the silver, and the foaming billows, and the white laden winds, and the creamy ebb, and all that rot, I'd put it in this way : In township thirty, range twenty-nine. Described in the deed as prairie land, It sometimes shown in the winter time, As we are given to understand. This alleged snow falls on a level It's said, some several feet or more. And when the wind blows like the devil, It drifts from where it was before. "In that way," continued the law reporter, " you get the facts before the public without committing the paper to anything. Under your poem any man who could prove that you were talking about his land could bring a libel suit and the measure of damages would be what he could have sold it for if you hadn't written it up as a sea." "Will the other verses do asked the doctor. " I am afraid not," replied the law reporter. " This business about the storm bird without a rudder, and stranded winds and milky waves don't prove anything. They wouldn't be admitted in evidence any where I suppose you want to express desolation, but the testimony isn't good. Why don't you say : In the place aforesaid, when the said winds blow, The tenants thereof don't go about. And such birds as find they can stand the snow Look as though they'd had their tails pulled out. And when the said snow and said winds are gone, It's found the said land Buds a ready taker, For though you can't farm much when the winter's on The property don't fall a cent an acre. " There you get your desolation and your birds like rudderless ships, and at the same time you throw in a clause which lets you out of the libel by showing that the snow don't affect the value of the ground. The way you had it, you would have brought all the western settlements down on us. Been a poet long ?" "I-I-that is, I begin to think not," gasped the unhappy doctor. " But can't you do something with the last verse ?" " We might leave that out altogether, or we might substitute something for it. The last verse is a contradiction in terms. It's a non sequitur, as we Bay in law, and could have no status in court in the event of an action. Ysu can't say snowy gloom or white shade, and as for a glaring pall I presume you mean the white velvet one they use for infants. I couldn't pass that in, but I might change it for you. How would this do : It is rumored that while the snow is on the land before described. It looks as though one couldn't sow Seed to advantage, though this is denied. Some people hold that it empties the pouch To buy land in the winter in the north ; For this unsupported statement we do not vouch, But give the story for what it is worth. "This, you see, gives all sides of the question, without making the paper responsible for anything, I call that a superior article of poetry," continued the law reporter, facing the three stanzas over in an admiring tone of voice. " But there isn't any poetry in it," stammered the doctor. " What's the reason there isn't ?" demanded the law reporter indignantly. " Don't it tell everything you did, and don't it rhyme in some places ? Don't it get out all the facts, and don't it let people know what's going on ?" " Of course it does," chimed in the police reporter. " That's what I call a good item of poetry. I think you might add, startling developments may be expected, and that the police have got a clue to the perpetrator." " That isn't necessary," replied the law reporter, loftily. "-We poets always leave something to the reader's imagination." ? " I believe I'll go," murmured the doctor. " All right, sir. Come around any time when you've got some poetry you want fixed up," and the law reporter bowed the visitor out. 