MESSRS. MOODY AND SANKEY IN CALI- FORNIA. A SECULAR ESTIMATE OF THE EVANGELISTS. As we have often had occasion to remark, the attention shown to Messrs. Moody and Sankey's evangelistic worjc by the secular press of the United States far outstrips anything of which we have experience in this country. The following, from a San Francisco paper, comes rather late, as the evangelists have now been at work there for two months, but it will be read with interest as an unbiassed tribute to their worth:— "We doubt if any public character ever came to California and disarmed criticism as have Moody and Sankey. Critics, professional and non-professional, were prepared to dissect them at the first performance. They were ready to detect hypocrisy as it lurked under cover beyond common eyes. They were sure they could tear Sankey's voice to pieces, and detect a whine somewhere in some of Moody's prayers. Californians—perhaps I should say San Franciscans— pride themselves upon being critical, if not cynical. Moody and Sankey have come, and people have actually been taken aback, and those who are inclined to be cynical hardly know yet how to express themselves. 'There is something about Moody,' I heard one of them say to a companion,' and I have not yet decided what it is; it isn't eloquence ' ' Isn't it?' I said to myself. 'We will ascertain,' and I opened my Webster's dictionary and found the word : 'Eloquence—the expression or utterance of strong emotion in a manner adapted to excite corresponding emotion in another; speaking out of the. abundance of the heart, &c.; Yet it seems to please a good many pious people to imagine that the great evangelist's gifts are not gifts, but that he draws because the Lord works back of him. The Lord works back of everything, no doubt; but why would it not subserve pious interests as well to say that the Lord made Moody smart as well as good, and that he is using his gifts for the cause of religion ? Would it be a rebuke to our talented clergy, speaking abstractly, who affect elocution and deal in refined asceticism, but who seldom have a heartfelt message to deliver to their congregations ? " Anyhow, it is a new kind of preaching to San Francisco, and there are nearly all kinds here. It is not for lack of previous variety that every inch of standing room is being nightly taken up in a church that seats two thousand people. " Everybody who hears Moody is intensely interested in him. Everybody does not perhaps believe in the same religious means that he does; some who hear him have not much religious belief even; but there he stands, walled by the ministry and supported breathlessly by the people, the words actually tumbling out ol his mouth. And what is he talking about? God's love—telling it as though he had actually tasted and knows what it is like, and as earnestly as though his life depended upon it. Sankey was expected to beat time, wave his hands, bend his body, and walk about; but he sits perfectly quiet, and lets the breathless stillness and his wonderful voice combine for effect. There is a terrible earnestness about both of these men that, considering they are religionists, surprise the people of San Francisco, and there is that consciousness of power in both which awes them into respect." CHRISTIAN CONVENTION IK SAN FRANCISCO. Following his established practice, Mr. Moody has organised a three-days' convention of Christian workers in his western field of labor. It was held on December 14, 15, and 16, and largely attended, notwithstanding the circumstance that a storm of wind and rain seems to have lasted the greater part of the time. The Occident gives pretty full accounts of the meetings, and from these we cull some of the salient portions:— " On the eve of the first day Mr. Moody delivered one of three addresses on the work of the Holy Spirit. It was followed by a prayer meeting, to which about twothirds of the congregation remained. " Mr. Moody said the rain was probably a good thing for the convention ; it kept the careless and indifferent away. The people who had come were tbe very ones that he wanted to talk to. If the Christians were revived, sinners would be awakened. He himself needed a fresh anointing. He wanted all his brethren to pray for him, that he might be a better Christian and a better worker for Christ. He then called upon Christians who desired a larger measure of the influence of the Spirit to rise. Scores responded to this invitation. Ministers stood up and told with tremulous voices and tearful eyes of their longing to be holier and more useful. Deacons and elders arose with the same request for prayer. Young men arose. One or two mothers in Israel arose. It was a tender and impressive scene. The Spirit of God was manifestly present in power. "After all the time that could be given to these requests was consumed, as many were still anxious to speak, Mr. Moody asked all who desired to be filled with the Holy Ghost to stand up. Nearly everyone in the house arose, and then all knelt down, and four or five short prayers were offered, all directed to the one object of desire and longing—a deeper work of grace in the hearts of Christians. The prayer-meetings yesterday afternoon and evening were the most tender of any we have ever attended in San Francisco. They were like the rain that was falling on the earth. They softened the hearts of many, and prepared them to receive the good seed of the kingdom." The topicB of the conference were such as we have been made familiar with on previous occasions. One session was given to a discussion of the problem " How to reach non- church-goers." Mr Moody's contribution was perhaps the most practical of any,. Speaking of the iqethods that might be adopted in order to gain the attention of outsiders, he said, that "The best part of a meeting is often the hand- shaking at the end of it. I believe it would be well sometimes to pronounce the benediction at the door, so as to be able to stop the people, and say a kind word to them as they go out. I need to do this in my meetings in Chicago. I knew that it was not according to role. But I never adhere to rules when they are in the way of efficient work. Have your parish districted, if you can, and get the visitors to go all over it systematically, and invite people to church. Have good congregational singing; not singing so artistic that the words are covered up. The people want to hear the words of the hymn. Keep all the church members at work. Satan will if you don't. It is better for a minister to get others to work, than to try to do all the work himself. 'Ail at it, always at it,' was John Wesley's motto. In Chicago we uBed to go into the billiard-saloons with a company of young men. We would first sing 'The star-spangled banner,' then ' Bock of AgeB,' or some familiar Christian hymn. Then I would read the Scriptures, and invite those present to go to church with us. In this way I have sometimes caught as many as sixteen at a single haul. The church has been on the defensive long enough. It is time for us to be aggressive. Some of the noblest men on this coast are in drinking and gambling saloons ;to-day. We must try to save them." An address was given by the Rev. T. K. Noble on " Church prayer-meetings," in the course of which he said:— " The average church prayer-meeting does not draw together statedly more than one-third of those who have covenanted with God that they would sustain by their presence and influence the means of grace established by the church. The ordinary church prayer-meeting is not doing what it ought to do, either for the life of the church or for the conversion of the world. . . The meeting shall be so conducted as to secure the participation and voice, not simply of the pastor, deacons, and a certain select few, but, so far as possible, of the entire household of faith. If they are to be spiritually quickened and substantially helped, instead of sitting with closed lips, they must speak one to the other in the good old Gospel way, ' in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs,' every one having, as the Apostle suggests, 'a psalm, a doctrine, a tongue, a revelation, an interpretation.' This is the Scriptural way of conducting a prayer-meeting, and I regard it as the only way of securing, on the part of the membership, a deep and abiding interest. The prayer meeting that is to satisfy the real needs of the church must bring out the entire life of the church. And it should be the constant aim of him who leads it to secure in some form testimony to this life. To do this is confessedly difficult. ' You may as well understand at the ontset,' said a pastor of large experience, in his lecture to the Yale theological students, ' that about the hardest thing in your ministry will be to maintain a live prayer meeting. It will tax to the utmost your resources and your energies. But,' he added,' it will pay.' Pivot a church upon the pulpit, and it will be weak. Pivot it upon the prayer meeting, and it will be strong." Mr. Sankey, speaking at some length as to how the service of praise should be conducted, both in the ordinary meetings of the church and in evangelistic efforts, argued for spirituality and simplicity. Rev. John Reid gave a practical exhortation on " The Inner Life and how to Nourish it." In referring to the work of the Spirit, he said that he was not sure about the propriety of the phrase a " second conversion." A second, a seventh—yea, a seventieth—blessing or baptism of the Spirit might be expected and obtained. Mr. Hallenbeck told the story of his deliverance from the bondage of strong drink. Speaking of its terrible power, he said: " I tell you, my friends, a drinking man may be truthful and honest in any other matter; his word in a business transaction may be as good as his bond; but in regard to liquor he will deceive his best friend, the mother who bore him, the wife of his bosom. He will promise without the least thought of keeping his promise." "The Question-drawer" elicited from Mr. Moody many pointed answers, of which we may give the following :— " Q. What do you thiuk of church fairs and suppers ? —A. In the long run they injure the church ; they grieve the spiritual portion of of it; they lead to jealousies and heart-burnings ; they bring in a worldly element. Ungodly men give fifty cents for a dinner that cost forty cents, and then boast of their liberality to the church. We should set our faces against the whole business. Better trust in the Lord to provide for carrying en His work than resort to such expedients. " Q Is it right for a Christian to go to a theatre ?— A. A lady asked me this question once, and I told her that if sheJbecame a true Christian she could go to the theatre whenever she wanted to. But when she was converted she did not want to go. She had something better. If a man or woman is consecrated to God, there will be work for God all the while, and no time for going to the theatre. I don't go, because I have no desire to go and no time to go. Let us give our hearts wholly to Christ, and this matter of amusements will regulate itself. A question in regard to dancing was answered in the same way. " A man in Scotland who was a distiller asked me to prove from the Bible that his business was wrong. I quoted 10 him the requirements to do all to the glory of God. I told him that if he could kneel down by each barrel of whisky, and ask God to make it a blessing to the world, then his business was right. But if he couldn't do that, then his business was wrong." We have stated that Mr. Moody gave three addresses on the work of the Holy Spirit. In the second of these he remarked that it was clearly the teaching of the Bible that there is a gift of the Spirit for service, a gift which gives the believer power. God wants us to be so revived that we shall work efficiently to save others. Without this gift of power we will talk and talk, and say nothing. Without it the preacher will only use the Bible as a text- book, get a verse from it to hang an essay on, and call it a sermon. But with this gift the preacher will use the Divine word as the sword of the Spirit. He will know how to unsheath and to wield it. Instances were given of men whose ministry had been barren, but who, having earnestly sought this fresh baptism of the Spirit, became as flames of fire in the service of the Lord. In his last address at the Convention, Mr. Moody dwelt on the life of the great Apostle as an example to modern Christians. The report of his address closes as follows:— "I like Paul. He fires my soul. When i am tempted to discouragement, I think of him. At Rome, the end comes. Nero is going to have his head. But that is all Nero can get, for God already has hi* heart. Just before his martyrdom he writes to Timothy, ' f have fought a good fight, I have finished my course. . . . Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown, Wasn't it a good fight ? But see the Roman soldiers. They have the tent-maker bound. They take him two oiles out of the city. They are about to behead hinj. * Now, Paul, are you not sorry that you were so radical. Wouldn't yon do differently if you had your life to live over again.' ' No,' he cries; ' if I had a thousand lives, I would give them all for Jesus* and now 1 i>\ am going to be with Him for ever.' I see him bend his head; I see the sword descend. And now, behold a chariot 1 He leaps into it. He goes up, up, np. The bells of heaven are ringing. Its gates swing open. I see him sweeping through them. I hear a voice that says,' Well done, good and faithful servant, enter into the joy of thy Lord I' Oh, let us be up and about our Master's work I The eyes of some are growing dim. Don't you want to do a little move for Christ before you die ? Shall we not concentrate what is left of our lives upon one thing and do it. Let us be in earnest. A man is not fit to serve God until the world calls him mad."— The Christian. 