A showee of knightly distinctions ap pe^s'tb-'haVfi'Mreniatid/upM'QttciGai'd- land.: ) :It approaches iaa pheqomjBnon, and serves to remind 'us that4;he terres trial- sphere 'whioh.. we -inhabit ?. oooaaion Jally passes through an atmospheric helt, iwhich results in' the precipitation of |certainmeteoricf ragpaents, disintegrated ►probably frpmiother, -woridsi in; the am ?rneasurablei universa.V 'viWe gaze' in as ?tonishment, and woridei'Vlience they have, come. , ;The starB vary, wck^ow, , in Driiliancy, bub it 13 seldom r'that we !are visited with aerolites of such mag 'riitude' as those which' haVe lately fallen v from the Imperial .firinament. .' ? It . is perhaps scarcely necessary-tb Cspeculate too narrowly as to.thenature'iand^oi'igin of these celestial visitors. T?Key come when least' expected,, and they fall. with a brillipnt corruscation upon some designated persons as if from heaven,^ JEencef orfch those happy men are radian^jp^ . with an1 added splendor which accom panies them 1 wherever they go, and which never leaves them until their ap pointed time on earth has come. ' There are stars of the first magiiii1 tude, there are stars of the second magnitude, there are stars of the third magnitude, and there are stars whose magnitude has not as yet been, exactly defined. Upon Sir Arthub' Kennedy has fallen a star of the first magnitude, and Sir Abthtjb, from having, been a K.C.M.G., -will henceforth be a G.C.M.G., as Sir George BoWen was when he first landed, in Queensland. Everybody will feel pleased that our Governor shines under this reflected splendour, though it will not add to the estimate whioh has probably already been formed of his fine' manly char acter. Still, it has pleased Her Majesty, or rather Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, to signify thereby his appreciation of a lengthened career of honorable service; and no one will say nay to that. Mr. J. ]?. Bell is President of the Legis lative Council, and has been actinggo vernor. He is a popular, affable gen tleman, ' a son of the soil,' and he has been a politician, not perhaps distin guished, but respectable, and it is scarcely possible that anyone will regret, that Mr. J. P. Bell should henceforth be .Sir Joshua Petee Bell, 'and being now a star of the second magnitude that he should write after his name the cabalistic formula of K.C.M.G. Of Mr. A. , H. Palmes it may equally be said that no living soul wjll be envious of ? Sir Arthur's distinction, and no one will dispute his right to shine as a star of the second magnitude by the, side' of ' Sir Joshua, though as a politician . we s,uspect that the political world will insist that he shines with a splendour; peculiarly his own, and quite . different from the splendour of Sir Joshua. Indeed it is possible that Sir 'Authur may yet shine upon us in the'f till glory^ ' of the first, magnitude before he passes ' from the' scene of his earthly career. I 'To Mr.1: .CnAiiLES1 L.iLLE5:'':ajso:'iias : beenailotf^V^^i^^'0'^?^1'?.^^0 would call it a 'stay, but if it is it- is a star of ''doubtful ' classification';' 'Its ineasure'of i- magnitude ifrunkhoyny and-j orithe principle that1 the' 'unknown is1' something magnificent,1 this, stiar 'might1-' fios'sibly ; have .been magnificeiit.;^, Mr. ;;'; LiLLEY:was not authqrisqd.'to designate; -, himself/- either &'? G-iC..M.G.'i ?orma''5-' ^;.0.M.G.; .or ,even 'a!; tumble1 G.'M.G.'- Pe. was chr jsteiied Siic'iCiiiBLBslEiiiiB^'^: Knight Bachelon [ ^hethet'iit.'/^asX- |hat Mr. Lillei repudiatedithe (desig- nation of a bachelor ''ai^aniiiricorrect des'ignktibn' whicli had1 f pi/: piany : yeara , been abandonee^ or whether it'was.th at ;,-! he pyeferredtonthe whole to shine 'on his own terms without reflected splen dour, no brie' probably will' ever know. ! ' We' db'riot-'seek to 'draw the1 veil 'aside. ^ Sufficient for us to know that the Chief Justice has,. mosb respectfully declined the honor.; Mr.;LiLLET,will therefore continue to be known as; 'His, Honor ihe Chiefs Justice' as long as he holds ' ihat' ;m6st responsible position.' By-'1 Whatever 'designation he may .thereafter. $e /known, it will not be as a. Knight Bachelor; and not probably as a Knight at all, either1 'of the first, second, or third degree, of magnitude. ''.,,. ' ... 1 We have ? no'thins; whatever to ? say. , against, these titles of 'distinction ,if ifc .'. is the pleasure of Her Majesty's ad-i; visers to confer thorn as a mark of her appreciation.- They seem-to :bo. not in appropriate to the higher functionaries ? of the Legislature or the ' Bench, though it may bo 'doubted whether thoy should be conferred on. politicians. . On the other hand, if conferred as ifc appears now to be customary to confer them without the consent of the re- ' cipients, it may seem almost churlishto refuse them. We are rather inclined, however, to think that .Mr. Lillet has made a useful precedent by declining to accept an honor which had already been^ conferred without his consent. No one ? can doubt Mr. . Lilley's respectful, loyalty to Her Majesty and ip the Go vernment of which ho is such a trusted ; magistrate. He prefers,, however, that : his service should be distinguished,' as : the services of the best British' .States- .. mon used to be distinguished, by un-,i requited siinplioityi and that he should, be free to decline any token' 6f the ap-'' preciatiqn in which those services had been heldr Thff b'esfi'-'services no'ddutit '? iever.can be requited -in this rw ay, -and the bdsfc atid -'noblest 'natures iaW con scious' that 'there ; is no 'reward' which.; they flsfceem more highly 'than;' the* rospecfc of . their fellow inen;V It' is ;.a'ii:'. . antique virfcue,'but it deserves respect.jij' and if Mr, Jiipwr is actuated by these' ' motives1' we reBpdct' Mm all the more for having. hai^iio 'courage to give expres sion to his convictions. yj~iLij%/L3£ 'WENTWo^Tn, the man of noblest nature' among those who have yet( be'fin -enrolled, among .Australian Btatefcine'n, Steadily refused all honors ?which -were jproffered to him. There are few ? perhaps, who are capable, of rising to his standard. 'But this was an example to be admired, for the best political ambition is not to be measured by any order !«i'f merit -which; can be conferred by the Sovereign,ror the. 'ad visers; of ;the. Sovereign. : ? ? \ The''GrAMMAR SpHOOL SPORTS. —At the combined sports of the Brisbane, Ipswich,' and Toowoomba Grammar Schools, on Satur/ dayWast^.'the Brisban9 school scored 131 . poinw, loowoomlja 84, and Ipswich 19. '.'The Ipswich sohjJol was' first last yeafi. .. ' Frozen Mkat.— The Orange Moat Freez ing Company are shipping 300 tons of frozen ineat/as a primary shipment, to England by the, Orient liner to leave Sydney about the middle of June, A second shipment of 300 . tons is 'shortly to follow. ' ..-..?. rBE^aFMj CoNOBRT.T-^Ve are pleased to find that our. suggestion ior a benefit entertain ment in aid of the family of the late Henry Hintpu m. being acted on, MrF. W.Brow.n announces that he has undertaken to give a ' ' benefit concert at an early date, and we feel sure* that his1 efforts will be heartily seconded, and generously responded to.1 Toowoomba. Tub* Club.— On Friday last we published the full programmo of event for the race' meeting to be held here on Thursday ana Friday next week. The pro gramme 1b an excellent one, and appears, from the number of nominations to have attracted very favorable attention. . The acceptances' for handicaps and the general entry closed this afternoon at four o'clook when we hope to find a good string of horses for , the various events. We' remind those interested that the sale of gates, grand stand and'other privileges will takeplace on Satur day, morning next at eleven o'clock at the secretary's office. The Austrian Baud.— Readers will per ceive by an.announcement in our advertising columns that Toowoomba is to be favored by a visit from the famous Austrian, military band,, which Came to the colonieE by permis-' sion to perform at the Melbourne Exhibition. The band have been performing in Sydney and Brisbane with marked success, enchant ingtheir audiences with strains of muaic ren dered as it has never before been in the colo nies. The dates fixed for the' visit of the band are Friday and Saturday, June 17 and 18, and if they find that the public appreciate their music, it is their intention to give selections of sacred music on the Sunday afternoon when a collection will be taken up for the Toowoomba hospital. A'PabsFEOTiNG Partv,— The people of Port Douglas have subscribed to fit out a prospeoting party,1 under Mr C. Palmeston, to endeavour' to discovor gold and tin in the Dair^tree district;. IiABOREBS1'WANTBD. -The general exodns that w! taking place from this district to Nobo, io .proved by.', the fact that the railway con' tractors advertise for two hundred men. We are informed -tbat,in additions its. being insetted in Towhs'ville' papers, this advertise ment , has been sent to the .Quccnslandcr, Australian, and. the two papers.in Port Mac kaj.-^Totensville Herald, ?.?;:/:??? . .-.? EvANqEiJSTic_ Servtoks. - - Tk'j services held nightly -this'- week- at the^Wesleyau church have been wellattended andiollqtved by1 satisfactory results.1 On each evening an addressjuappropriate-.tOithev occasion is. de- livered by the Rev. Mr Hennessey. In' 'con- nection with these servicesamidday praycr meeting is held-ih tbie'ehuroh'ifrom i» quarter past twelve. o'clock until 'one.- The evening services are to bo continued the remainder of the week, commencing at a quarter to eight o'clock. Serious Accident. — We regret to record a serious accident which happened some tune on Saturday afternoon last to -.Mr. George. Smith, , lin old man of severity- throe years of, agei living at Eton Vale gate. ' He had been standing on a ladder, engaged cut ting limbs off a tree, and had evidently fall^n'^through the slipping of the ladder, his head .coming; in contact with some rocks which stunned him. .As he did not return home, :!0earch ...was made for him at night but ? without- avail, and it was only on Sun day 'morning that he was discovered lying in sensible in a gully. He was at once conveyed to\,£is. home, and every possible attention paid to him, but ho has not beon thoroughly conscious since the accident. He has an ugly wound on his head, and is suffering alsp'ijrpm congestion of the lungs caused by the exposure on Saturday night which' '-was ' Very cold. Yesterday Dr. Roberts, had given up all hope of his re . cove'ry, and the unfortunate man was sink ing rapidly. He was~much respected in the distriot. It must bo a great source of coin fort to his friends that last Sunday weok he partook of the Saoramont at the Drayton Wesleyan churob/of whioh he was a mem. ber.— [Since writing the above wo learn that the unfortunate man died last night, shortly after midnight. His funeral will take place at half-past one o'clock to-morrow. J Tarampa Divisional- Board.— This Board advertises for fresh tenders from persons competent to undertake the duties of over seer of works. Thk Late Mb. M. Daisey. — It was well known on Saturday (says the Ipswich Advo . cate) that this gentleman had been seized by a serious apoplotio stroke. ' He was present at the funeral of the late Mr J. Macgregor, and was taken ill immediately upon his return home. He never recovered consciousness and died on Saturday night. Tho funeral took place this morning at 10 o'clock and was largely attended. The deceased gentleman was a very old resident of Ipswioh, having been one of the first to.settle in the district. He .early embarked in pastoral pursuits and was.' eminently successful in all his under taliibgs,. , ' Mir paisey was highly esteemed by aJI'Whp kneyy Wm ; .his disposition was genial, aqd kindly, ana ho was known far and wide for bis ' hospitality. Mr ; Daisey never en gaged prominently in politics, but his iuflu. i enoo wan' hone the less marked and roal, He had proposed to spend a short tituo at South port', and was on the point of departure when ho waa attacked. , . . .' THB;WesieyanThankBgiviug Fund has now leached a total of £296,637, of which amount £194,740 has .aotually : been paid. It is in tended) to, close tho fund in August nest. .;.-. .1..'ll'1.'ii:).i'!1.1 [,!;?::? - ,!::.:? ?. :\\-!T.c C, \ ? I Fkanqe and- TtiNiK.—^As' throwing somo If(?ht on the energetic actiou of tho French in Seizing upon the littlo State of Tunis the following extracts frop the London Spectator . Trill be road with intorest :— It is affirmed with very littlo reserve that should the French Government Bettle its difficulties with the Bey of Tunis by assuming the regeucy of tho State, Great Britain will not be in a posi tion to; interfere. Whon .Cyprus wns- ab- sorbed as a place of arms, the' French Go yernment objected, and hinted that they might very Boon be compelled to go to Tunis. To tbis Lord Salisbury agreed, and tho Preneh, therefore, think themselves justified, as far as Kngland is concerned, in their rather high-handed policy in Tunis. Lord Salisbury, it is said, denies that this was his meaning, but the French threaten to publish letters entirely justifying their view. Any governor anywhere is better than a Tarky and the question of Tunis is of little real importance to any powor but Italy; but how. thoroughly. Lord Beaconsfield must havebelibved in his own ideaiol''!consolida ting' Turkey ! He cut off half Armenia, all Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Cyprus, as sented to the excision of Epirus and Thessaly, and was willing, according to tbis story, that Tunis should be loppfad away. A little more, and Turkey ; would have been a trunk, with; put arms or legs, no head, and a highly con gested heart,, andwould.then, of oqurse, have been pronounced in perfeot and un precedented health. ! Leading Colonists.— Hero (says the Peak Downs Telegram.) are the names of a few persons for whom there are no letters at the Glermont Post Office :— Halforown Charlie, One-eye Jack, Jack the Trainer, Adelaide Jack, Scandalous Jaok, Langton Pat, Eed Pat, Corrpboree Vnt, Old Shingles, Tho Old Man, Cotnish Jimmy, Bill the Digger,- Bill the Cook, Tho Cook's Mate, Stuttering Tom Old Tom, Old Dick, Carotty Dick, Blather iug Dick, Captain Brown, Cumberland, and Spondulix, Football. — Toowoomba v. Ipswich. ? The annual football; match between the Ipswich and Toowoomba Grammar Schools took place yesterday afternoon (says Tues day's Queensland Times) on the North Ipswich ground. Except for the westerly wind, the weather could not have beon more favorable for an enjoyable game. The Too woomba captain (E. Baynes) having won tho toss, elected to kick with the wind— an ad vantage which, with the superior weight and vigorous forward play of the visitors enabled them to score eleven ' behinds ' before half time was called. It was now the torn o£ our Ipswich boys to have the wind in their favor, and five behinds, which they scored in rapid succession, showed their appreciation of this advantage. Some Bpltndid play on both sides now ensued, Hensler's forward play for Toowoomba, ably backed up by Lee, Boland, Begbie, and Jessop, enabled Frank Wonderley to score the only goal of the afternoon. Booker, Baines, Welch, Hutton, aud Moore now made determined efforts to score a goal for the reds (Ipswich), and two tries by Booker were nearly successful. S. Rowlands for tho Ipswich Grammar School was an indefatigable captain, and did his utmost to make up for tho deficiency of his -! backs,' who were hardly heavy enough for their opponents. Toowoomba's goal was repeatedly saved by the judgment and care fill back play of E. Baynes (captain), M'Loan and Bracker. Time being called at S p.m. the Toowoomba Grammar School was de clared victorious, having scored one goal and thirteen behinds to the ten behinds of. the Ipswich Grammar School. The usual cheers having been given in a most hearty manner the Ipswich boys escorted their friendly rivals to the railway station. The Chinese. — A Chinese correspondent informs us that the population of the Celes tial Empire is increasing so rapidly, that some provinces cannot support their teeming myriads, and the surplus must be elbowed out aniong.the Barbarians. I&'appears that some Pekin statesmen would, like Voii Moltke, accept war as a means of regulating population, in preference to.. emigration, be onuse, as they assert,; those who return from uireigu^ lauds, and especially. from Australia,. Bring back with them' the worst vices of the [Europeans. ' TnV Imperial Councillors are becoming alarmed at the large and continued ettiux from every port of the Empirp, and are about to'adopt repressive moasures.' ' 'Mean time they are flowing westward, like the smcient streams of the Goths and 'Vandals. They took the smallpox to Honolulu, aud the native population is beiDg decimated, while Oanton capitalists are buying up the lands .wud farming permanent settlements. Even it South America there are many thousands of them working on the Government works, the plantations, and in the mines, 'and it -is rjepor'tad that a Celestial Brigade' of 3000j fought well for the Chilians in two out of the three battles before Lima, which led to the capitulation of that beautiful city. In Queens-: land we .have still 12;724, but during Ifl80 there was1 a decrease of 801, of whom C31 were from Cooktown. — Cooktown Herald. The Blacks near Herberton.— Through the courtesy of a gentleman who returned from the Wilde River during the early part of the week, we (Port Douglas Gazette) are en abled to place the following before our readers : —"About ten days ago, close to the Great Western, one of the diggers suddenly heard from the bank of the creek immediately over him, in which he was working, a blackfellow singing out to him, 'Is that you, Jim?' The digger replied, ' Yes,' and looking up, saw a blackfellow, whom he recognised as an old trooper who had run away from the Nor manby Camp on the Palmer. The nigger then shouted, 'I mean to do for you,' and immediately threw a spear which struck Jim over the hip. Before the digger could lift his pick to defend himself another spear was thrown which entered his back, cutting across his backbone and tearing the flesh on his ribs. After passing through the flesh the spear entered the fleshy part of his arm, making its way right through. The man, frightened, and in a measure pinioned, made after the black, who made off when he saw the digger 'go for him,' On reaching the camp at the Great Western the spears wore drawn out— fortunately only one of them was jagged— the one that passed through his arm. We are informed that the poor fellow is getting on well under the treatment of Mr Nott, of Herberton. The blackfellow who committed the above outrage was dressed in a monkey jacket and tweed trousers. He is ' civilised' and speaks good English. Re ports have also reached town that another digger had fallen a victim to the blacks a few days previously between the Walsh and Tate rivers. No doubt the old trooper also com mitted this outrage." ? Melbourne Flotjb and Wheat Market. —The Argus of May 27 reports :— In broad Btuffs thcro is little doing, the trifling sales effected at auction still showing a weak market. Under the hammer a small parcel of flour, country brand, was quitted at £11 12s Gd. Trade sales aro making at £12 to £12 Ss. A large transaction waB reported as ponding. Wheat is equally slow, and neglected. PurohaBing for export is out of tho question, and that tho miller will not operate at I present prices unless compelled is equally clear. Business haB thorefore been confined to the faulty wheat and balance of parcels offered at auction, when in one in stance about 400 bags sold as faulty brought 5s 4d, and at another small sale held up to 5a 7d was obtained, according to sample. The larger holders do not offer. A jia'n saW a : ghost while walking along a lonely highway at midnight. Tho ghost stood exactly in tho middto of the road, and the! wayfarer, deciding to investigate, pokod at it with his umbrolla. Tho next instant he was kuooked twenty foot into a mud hole. Moral — never poke- an umbrella at a large white mule when its back in turned. 