fjmom. . SOME DIFFICULTY ABOUT . THE OALLS. 'Now, my dear,' Baid Mr. Spoopendyke, ' let me see the list of ladieB you want me to call on. I really don't oare to go around muoh, bnt a man ought to do what his wile wants him to do on New Year's Day. Where'fl the listF' ' Hero it is,' said Mrs. Sponp6ndyke, flattering around with her hair in her month. 'I wrote tbem all out with the addresses lor you, so you wouldn't have any. trouble.' ' What- makea- you -put old Sister Lamb at the head ol the list ?' growled Mr. Spoopen dyke. ' She's got a {wait on her ohin tho aize ol a fire:bell, and Bhe oan't talk anything :bat the advantages ol egg over stove ooal for heating the Sunday aohcol.' 'Bat ahe belongs to the oharoh, and I don't believe anyone else will call on her.' reasoned Mrs. Spoopendyke. ' She will ba tiokled to death to see you.' ' What do you think I'm starling oat .lor?' demanded Mr. Spoopendyke, very fleroely. ' Got an idea I'm going aronnd liko a, missionary to Joarry the gospel to people everybody elie is afraid of ? Who's thiB ? What's thiB seoond name here ? Who's Mrs. Shklymbretov J' ' That's Mrs. Wolverton. I promised ber yoa woald call. Nevermind Mrs. Lamb, bat yoa ought to call on Mrs. Wolverton.' ' What for ? What haa she got , in com mon with me, except that bar bonoa are , hollow? She don't know the difference .between a Guinea pig and the burning of Jerusalem. Always wants to know if I didn't think that Sodom and Gomorrah were .parablea. Is that the kind of liat you've :madeout? Want me to run around among the old monuments'? Who's Misa Swaah?' 'That's Mrs. Smith, the little widow.' You know ahe'a interested in sending women ont west to get huabands. She'll amuse you,' i ' She will if she oeea me. She'll mako , me laugh like a hyena if she gets oue eye on line. Who's that yellow-headed eirl that slta ,two pewa in front of ua ? . I'd call on her, now.' i ' She'e a little ohlt of a thing. You don't want to'tnn utter those young people— a man of your age.' ; ' What's the reaaon I don't?' howled Mr. iSpoopendyke. ' Got an Idea that I only care ;for the tough old people, havan't you? Think I'm a sort of Plymouth Rock, don't ,you? Got any mora old landmarks that need inspection?' I don't care 1' remonstrated Mrs. Spoo pendyke; 'they're nice people, and I like to oultivate tbem. They may be along in life, but they can't help it.' 'Cultivate 'em, if you want to,' growled i Mr. Spoopendyke ; ' but if you think I'm 'going hosing around among 'em oh tbe 1st ,of January, you're left. What d'ye want to oultivate 'cm for ? With your friends and ideas, you only need weekly prayers and an alarm of fire to be' an old woman's home. Who elae have you got here? Mrs. Sllggonspratt, Mrs. Wonten. slough, Miss Klmpzf — ' ' You don't read them right at all,' complained Mrs. Spoopendyke. ?* That's -Mrs. Silverspoon, and Mrs. Wortbington, and jMias Hemmlngnay. They are just aB nlce as they can be.' i-'' ' 'Are they the three old worthies who howl in the choir?' asked Mr. Spoopen dyke, sternly. '-They've got a grandson old enough to be my father.' 'They haven't,' sobbed Mra. Stpopen dyke. ' You know«better.' ' ' .. fi ' Well, most of 'om have. What d'ye want me to call on -them- for ? Got any more old almanacs expecting me ? Where's the Sphinxs ? You haven't got the Sphinx down here, nor the Tower of Babel. Who're these other pyramids ? Who's Mra. Upaidedown?' 'That's Mib. Edgerton. She sent you the jelly when you were Bick, and you said she was the best woman in Brooklyn. You'll have to call on her for politeness,' said Mrs. Spoopendyke, severely. ' 1 won't either 1' shouted Mr. Spoopen dyke. 'The jelly waa sour, and Bhe made me pay a dollar toward a plaister of Paria angel tor a starving family out in Flatbush. Who's thia other nurse of George Washing ton's? Here, this is a mistake; I went to old MisB Sohnmslook's funeral thirty years ago.' ' You didn't ! Yon never did !'' proclaimed Mrs. Spoopendyke, thoroughly - aroused. ' That isn't her name either. It's MisB Sohofield, and she is the beat friend I've got. I only want — ' 'I know what you want,' hissed Mr. Spoopendyke. 'You want a few more acquaintances, and a map to be a guide book to anoient Troy. Think I am going to Call - on that old monolith ? Got auvthiug here that belongs to modem. times? Know any body who has been dug up witbin six or eight centuries ? Who's that blaok-eyed girl in the Bible olass ? Don't she hang oat a- - flag to-day ?' 'I wouldn't look at her,' sniffed Mrs. Spoopendyke ; ' I wouldn't have you go there for worlds. Besides, Bhe don't reoeive.' What's this ?' demanded Mu Spoopen dyke. ' What'a Mrs. Wimpqstvxq got to do with it? What cemetery will I find her m ?' ; ' That' a Mrs. Willoughby,' explained Mrs. -Spoopendyke, oomplaoently. 'She's the' yCung - widow who recently joined the ohuioh.' 'I don't mind calling on her,' said Mr. Spoopendyke. 'She wasn't born more'n ' four thousand yeaxa before the Christian eia. Got any more like her P Does this meaBly list contain anybody else who wasn't tbe-mother of the Chinese Empire ? Think of any more gravestones that haven't had the epitaphs worn off?' ' No,' replied Mra. Spoopehdyko, coldly ; ' and, now I remember, Mrs. Willoughby receives calls withfrienda in Buffalo.' Dod gaat your dod gaeted liat 1' howled Mr. Spoopendyke, dancing on tho unhappy dooument. 'What d'ye think I am— a ghoul ? S'pose I'm going to prance around ? among all the measly old ghosts in Brook- ' lyh? S'pose I'm going to awash around and eat cake and drink lemonade with a lot of illustrations of the silurian period? Think I!m going to spend 'the day with a lot of articulated old skeletons juBt because - tbey belong to the Bame ohurch thatl do P' and Mr. Spoopendyke popped out-of tho house like a bung, and went hexfr.door to - Bee if hia friend Tortorthumb knew1' any mummies of whose history there, was some tradition. ' I don't care,' said Mrs. Spoopendyke, .; as Bhe whirled around two or throe -times ? to practice. kioking her train; ' if ho 'don't ? call on the ohurch people they ' 11 be hopping mad, and if he does he won't havo much' of a time, so he'll wish he was dead cithee way.' — Brooklyn Eagle. Mabk. Twain tays he has just received & letter? from one of ' our fellow ravages in - the Sandwioh Islands.' It appears to bo a ; most - interesting epistle. Ono .pasaago runs: ? ' A certain legislator was very much pub out on account of tho reoent not. He was put out of a two-storey window.' i'Some limoV einoe a car. used io go from ' Wioklow to Dublin, / and as tbe mate was found to j travel muoh more briskly under the; influenoe -ol .a -glass-' oi . whisky, the habitual travellers Bubioribed to supply her with this stimulant. Traveller : ' Pat, 'the . mare, won't , go at all. to-day. . Yon rogue, ' you did not give her- the ;dtop,' Driver: ' [Well, your honour, I'll tell no lie. It was an awial cowld morula', and -I wanted a . \dl}rop meBolf aa bad as her, ao we tossed lox it, and auro I won the toss.' . sal, . ;? ? ?' : - . fi i / 