ABE WALLACE : A STOHY OF TUB WEST AFTER THE MANNER OP BRET HAUTE. "What's oi" matter wid yer!" demanded Abo Wallace, with a not unnatural petulance under the circumstances. " What er yer lingeriu' around that visage er initio for. Oan't yer rasp that countenance] " Obviously he couldn't. For nearly an hour he had strapped his razors and mowed diligeutly, but barber though lie was of a thousand, bftrbe'r uxthiordinary to Leaping Antelope Rim, he seemed to make no head way against Abe's bristling badge of man hood. " Ef yer razors won't cut, shoot 'em off. Yo'er mei Shoot 'em off," and the hand some, sunburned miner composed himself for tho novel operation. "Is the barber at home?"asked a low, sweet, musical Voice, entering the door at that moment. Ho started. No yellow water tunhing from his pan had ever looked as sweet to him as that voioe. It percolated him, and ho aroso from tho chair anew man. Tho rough life passed away from him. The crust formed by hia habits and hardened by his surroundings was broken. "Permit me, madam, to assure you that this individual before you is the barber," said Abe, and his now dignity sat easily upon him and seemed a part of him. " I am on my way from Boston to tho Sandwich Islands," said the young girl, quietly, "and our carriage broke down. 1 thought 1 would improve the opportunity and have my hair banged. Oh! no, no," she exclaimed, as Abe gallantly drew forth a thousand dollar draft on New York. " Not for tho world. I've six millions of dollars, not only in my own right, but in my pooket. I will pay for any service.1' As the barber proceeded with his task, Abe walked the shop nervously. A presage of danger oppressed him. The chestnut curls on his forehead grew damp with anxiety. He knew life, in his rough way, and he know barbero. 'the fair young girl would '"o no match for the frontier hair dresser, if the worst should come. Anti why should it not come? Hrtd she not millions in her pocket? He glanced at the tiny feet planted squarely and firmly on the stool before her, and recognised character. He knew nothing of Bontbti, but he understood feet. " And do you live in this funny place, te he? " asked the girl, smiling at Abe's reflec tion in the glass. " 1 do," signed Abe. " Misfortunes have cast my bark of life high upon thia- barren shore, and left me with only the shelter the seaweeds afl'ordi" " To he! how odd. Ouch! " But Abe grasped him and laid him upon the floor. The barber had made a dive for the dainty pocket and had failed. Leaping Autdlope Run was roused. Such an attack found no apologists among the wild, rough miners. Whatever they might be inherently, they would tolerate nothing of the kind in the barber. " Away to the duil thud!" demanded one one more intelligent than the rest. And they ochoed the cry till the moonlit air was shivered and the beams crept away convul sively. They may have expected him to beg, but he eyed them sternly. " Oh! my! what will they do with him?" asked the beauty with one eye. She had no need to speak. The thrill of that eye struck a chord in Abe Wallace. "They'll sprain his neck, darling," mur mured Wallace, in tender accents. This feeling was new to him, but he understood it. "Gracious ! and may I see him?" whis pered she with the other eye. Abe's answer was lost in the sullen roar of the crowd. Out under the grand old trees that fringed tlie mines. Out under the whisper of the leaves. Out through the shadows. The wind swept down from the sierras, velvet winds, but pitiless. They sh'oolt sweet voices out of their satin garments, but not a pleading tone for that human barber, soon to be neither barber nor human. The rope was around his neck. Willing hands were ready. A cloud floated across the face of the moon, but she struggled from behind it, held by the horror of the scene. " Hold! " commanded Abe. And then ad dressing the barber, he asked: " You are a Justice of the Peace, are you not? " " I am," responded the condemned, in low, steady tones. " Then marry us," said Wallace, drawing the Boston girl's arm within his own. " Von do tako this woman for your wedded wife?" asked the barber, with a strange glit ter in his eye. " I do," responded Abe. - " Yon do take this man for your wedded husband]" inquired the barber, with a pecu liar smile. "To, he! I suppose, to, te, ho!"whispered the musical voice. "Then I pronounce you man and wife. Go to the devil." The rope tightened, but aB he went up the barber uttered a wild, demoniac laugh. Then with the shadow of the sierras gather ing around him, he hung dead. Try as he might Abe could not shake off the influenco of that laugh. It was a ghost in his life. "My God!" he screan.ed, as he sprang from his seat a day or two afterward. " 1 understand it now." " Understand what, love?" asked his beau tiful bride, looking up from the bite of an apple. " 1 know why he laughed. I know why the barber laughed with his dying breath," he moaned. " Gracious goodness ! What was it for? " she demanded, with dimpling smiles. "Because he died without giving us a marriage certificate." With a wild shriek the Boston girl sank dead at his feet. TK« barber was avenged.-Brooklyn Eagle. 