. REQUIEM, [Said to bb written in memory of the late Miss Golville (Mrs. Hoskins), who was, we believe, a native of Hobart ] Free at last from the gloom that clouded Life ahd love in thy sinking day j Thy brow is veiled, thy fair limbs sliroud- CUy is married again to clay. [ed, Free at last from the curse of beauty, Free at last from the weeds that grow Round the buds on the path of duty When genius walks; 'tis better so- Bitter So, when the world grows dreary, Better so, when young hopes have fled ; Better S'V when the heart grows weary— Better living among the dead. Living among the dead—I've said it— Some may rot, and yet some shall rise Out of the grave; then who should dread 'lis but the soulless clod that dies, [it ? Strangers smooth'd thy raven tresses Over thy marble brow, iuy girl; Closed thy lips with 110 fond caresses, Clored ihem over the rows of pearl. Strangers 6eal'd up those orbs whose Kindled often a quenchless spark ; Seal'd them under their long dark lashes. Cover'd thy face—and theni.ll was «?ark, 'Earth to earth 1* and the clay was scatter'd BScaner'd over thy peacetul breast ; Dust to duet,' and it little matter'd— Only a woman bad gone to rest. What knew they of the passions tameless! I bey but planted another clod. [less tet her sleep,' though sbe was not blamet*ive her soul to her Father—God. : 'He is merciful, good, and gracious, He can raise up the weak and low,— In the halls of His mansions Fpacious, Scarlet sins are made white as snow,' Softly spoken the wor^s, and kindly.— Freezing natures, that have not known Scorching rays, can hut measure blindly Any heat that is not their own. Night steals on, and the leaflets tremble Up on ihe boughs of tall dark trees,— Kight steals on, aud the ghosts assemble Out on the skirts of sighing seas. Night steals on, and the shadows hover Hound the couch of the dying day; Night steals on, and my song is over, All its music has died away: Died away on the waves that sever Past from present, and shore from shore; Melting into the great 'forever,'— Gone to her who has gone before. 