THE Ferryman's Secret. BY SYIiVANUS COBB, Ja. - CHAPTER XL-Continued. " Ts tba! our man P'* asked the younger oE the two, as they walked np the ferry street. * , . The other east a swift glance around, and . then made answer in an eager whisper: "Tes ! That is Matthew Lyon !" " I wish he waa a different looking men. Zounds 1 I'd give a hundred dollars if he WAS ngly and ill-favoured 1'' " Diok 1 what in tho world do yon mean by that r What has the man's looks to do with onr bneioosa ?" "Bah I Don't yon eeo my meaningf Wouldn't you rather put your hand upon a man whom the world oould apare without regret, than upon snob a man as we evi dently have in thin ferryman ?" " Ham 1 Tos-yee-yes." Tho elder man uttered tho reepouse in three entirely different keys, hia tone and manner varying with eaoh anooeoding uttoranoe. And after a little time, be added : " Bat, my boy, wo oan't afford to start the tan of sentiment Mast vet. We have made too bold a strike for hesitation now." _ " Hesitation I" repeated thn son,-with a sploe of disdain ia tone and look.1 " Life af rar soul I I hope you do not think I would ' hesitate now? If there Is to be a haskins; down, it will ' ba you who will Bet the example." "Hil S>y ye so? Tour hand, my boy. There I Now, I think, we understand. Ay, Ii'chard"-and his voice sauk to a low, halt whispered toae-"we are on the threshold ; We have seen our man ; and now-" Afc this point they had reached the comer of tho ferry street and the thoroughfare that ran along by the side of the railroad, where the older man's speech wai Interrupted by a scene of strange contusion that had been opened to their view. Tiisy ssw men and boys gathered around a pair of horses and a carryall-the horses being helped to their feet, whllo the carryall was overturned and wrecked ; and at a little distance they saw n young lady, and a little child, and two men, one of them an elderly man, in professional garb-the other evi dently of a lower walk la lifo. Another gentleman, nearer to where the two strangers had emerged upon the scene, stood looklog on, and¿nf him the latter Inquired what had -'" happened. The gentleman-our banker-»sa elo quent. He told them how tho frightened horses had come tearing down the streat . apon the little child, playing directly in their coane-bow himself and friend stood transfixed with horror-and how yonder beautiful girl, whom they then saw holding the little one la her arms, had, at the risk ? of 'ber own lifo, snatched the child from mortal danger. Ohl was lt nob grand P \- Sorely, lt might be termsd a case of th« very bravest sod noblest heroism. In fact, the banker couM not find words to express himself, when he wished to oharaetarise the deed. The tiro strangers wore prompt and hearty In thefr praise. They looked again, and saw the father take his child; and then they, obtained a view of the girl's faoe, and saw that she was very beautiful. ?' Boes she belong here?" the elder man asked. The banker answered with a sort of pro prietary pride : " Ay, she doe* sir. She is tho daughter ot var ferryman. She is Hattie Lyon I' Blois her!" The banker was not, at tho moment when that name dropped from his Hp», looking at his ' interlocutor. He had turned his gaza towards the girl of whom he spoke. Had ho beenllookiog at the two strangers he would have beheld a result of his Bpeeoh that would have startled bim. They had started as with a great terror-ns though a ghost had sud denly appeared before their faces-thiy were for a moment blanched and transfixed, and the elder of tho twain tamed him about to look in another direction. The younger man wiped his brow with his handkerchief, and pleasantly remarked that he should feel proud to claim the friendship ot such a girl. Then to his father, whoso eye he had caught : " Come-I think We had better be moving on." .'Yes-yea, my son." And they moved on up the stroet of tho lorry, towards the village." At a little distance they turned, and eaw that the ferryman's danghter had started on, and was following them. The elder man whispered to the younger, and they crossed over upon the opposite side oi the way, whets there was a long itretoh of close, high board fenoo, with no buildings near. They came side by side, and spoke in tones scarcely raised above a whisper. "FatherI It ii tatet Is it good, or bldf" "It mmt ba good,'* returned the elder man, with an effort. " At the very outset ay, In the very first people we meet-wa Dod the objects ol our searoh. My soul, Dick I that girl ll beautiful. What do yon think of her f "Ahl" replied the eon, with a fiera* gleaming-a banting flemo-ia his ooal blaok eyes, "the die ii oast from tbii moment! She should go back with us, i only foi herself alone I Sb» ii the hand .omeit-the moat lovely-girl I ever saw What la there like her in Braall ?" " I have asea nothing like nato her, do cou tess, my ion, Bat we must let he POI for the present. I have heen thinking : We must put np at a public house. They «rill expect us to give our names, and put them upon the register. Shall we give our true names}" " No 1" anBwered the son, without hesita tion. " We had better not do it. Thus far we have had no occasion to giva them since we landed. L;t us asaume new names, and keep them until we have left the country. Considering how closely we resemble one another, we had best retain oar true charac ters as father and son. Suppose you become Louis HUNTER, Merchant of i'eio Orleans, and I, GORDON HUNTER, son of Louis. How does that strike you 1" " I like it.*' A moment's rj&iise.; nnd then -" It shall bo co 1 I will remember my nome; and you will not forget," . By thia time they had reached ths little square in the business centre ot the village, and here they stopped, and turned, just in season tn see Mattie Lyon oater a provision store. The young man drew a long brettb, and, without any further remark, kept on Us way. They fonnd the hotel-a neat, pretty, well kept house, where they were informed that they could be accommodated aa long as they wished to stop. The landlord conducted them to the little desk, by the side of the bar, whereon lay the hotel register; uni Vioron JORDAN, In truth a resident nf Rio de Janriro, aet down hi» name as "Louie Bunter, ot New Orleans," while his son, RianARD JORDAN, wrote hltn solf. " Gordon Hunter." atc. And thon they were shown to their room they asked for a siegle room, of goodly size, with two beds In it, nuu were accommodated -»nd there they were lett alone, to be called when their supper should be ready for them. When they had boen left alone the father and son sat down to gain breath. They had borne a great burden since they had seen and known tho ferryman. Until that moment the work they had in hand hid not OBiumed palpable form and substance to their outer anuses ; but they had seen lt then-had Been and felt it. But it had remained for tba eight of the ferryman's daughter to present to them their work in ltB completeness of unmitigated wickedness. And from that moment-the moment when they had koowa that they gazed upon Mattie Lyon-they han felt the burden bear. But, alas, for those in danger !-the burden bore upon hearts too hard and callous fo be seriously affecten". They only asked for breath-for a brief rest-and then they were ready for plotting I At the oottage of Mitthow Lyon the shade of evening'had fallen; euppor was eaten, the dishes pat away, and the table set baok ; then Stephen Mur«-.iy oama in with his wife and their little one. The grateful mother' oould not sleep until ehe had seen and blessed tho preserver of har child. And in the oiurss of the evening others came In. The story had been told,' and Kittie Lyon bad become a heroine. At nine o'clock the father and daughter were left alone. The man and boy hire:! .by the ferryman to assist him on the ferry, slept in a comfortable cot close upon the river's bank, adjoining, and really a part of, the boat-house. " My darling," said the proud and happy father, "you ought to be blessed with pleasant dreams to-night." - He bent over and drew her head close upon his bosom, and then added: "It ls sweet to feel that you have the love and gratitude ot your friends, my preolous ohlld ; bat, ah I sweeter still ia lt to know that others are praying for you ; that the prayers of devout and earnest souls are lifted to heaven In your behalt 1 The girl looked up into her fathers face, and he saw the rioh, moisture In her eyes - aaw pearly drops gather and trlokle down ber. oheeks-then saw a shadow fall, and a shud der shake her fair and perfeat form. He asked her of what wa« she thinking t Why that look of sadness ? But she could not tell him. She tried to laugh, and to make bim think that only bright thoughts and fancies were in her mind. And yet,"n'ehsdow had fallen, and aha was not happy. Was ehe thinking of Harry Chriton, and of a love that might never be b'eaaed with fruition t Or-was it a mystlo Impression from a danger unseen, and unknown P She could not tell. The .inpulse of her spirit was to fold her hands ?and lift them heavenward la humble prayer and supplication. 