CARRICK. (From our owno Corresposndent) Professor Rice paid his first visit here and his final one in Tasmania last evening to a small but appreciative audience. The weather was most unfavourable. Rain commenced about 3 o'clock, and continued without intermission until past eight. This circumstance kept num bers away. The Professor, although unwell, and had travelled from Torquay, went through his performance, consisting of mind reading, the Davenport trick, magic, and the ghost scene. It is only necessary to state that the opinions of the press concerning him can be fully endorsed by his performance here, his expose of spiritual ism and the mediums, whom he called the grossest swindlers, was very severe, and having made the subject years of study, being formerly a believer himself, he challenged the world that all that the spirits and mediums professed to do he would pledge himself to perform. In America and Wherever he had visited he had exposed the absurdities of the system, and would continue to do so. At the conclusion of the performance Professor Rice stated lihe was very well pleased with his visit to Tasmania. He had received great kindness wherever he had visited, and with its lovely climate and mineral resources he believed there was a bright future before it. He had been requested by an American newspaper to furnish reports of the colony, and lie had done so, and he Ihad a large mass of correspondence ready to forward by next mail. He must now take leave of them, and wished them good night and farewell. Mrs Rlice accompanied the Professor on the piano, and also sung one song, for which an encore was demanded. A gentleman (?) returning from the Longford Show came round by way of Carrick to go to Launceston, and on reacl'ing here it was found the leg of one of his horses was bleeding, and a large quantity of blood was left behind. How the poor animal reached town I do not know, but it has required the doctor since, I fancy. The weather is still unsettled, but is very favourable for growth. October 18. 