Society and Personal. Will some person of leisure dig out the truth as to the adoption of jerseys by the fair sex? There are many volunteered stories of the origin of the tasteful if slightly sculpturesque garb. Here are the outlines of two of the numerous yams on the subject: 'Sweet sixteen,' in a boat on the Thames with her brother, was caught in a shower of rain, and drenched through and through. Luckily he had in the locker a mend's jersey, with which lie did endue his sister, and she so attired landed at Twickenham, meeting a group of friends, who, to her great confusion, declared the tight jacket showed her off to admiration. A second story had is that, at a boating- party, a frolicsome young wife put on her rather petit husband's copy of the same garment, and, not being able to get it off again, brazened out the contretemps by marching home in it, as though it were the latest effort of the genius of M. Worth. From one point of view — what might be termed the ladies' point of view — the most interesting man in Home is the Duke of Gallese, who is an even more . .striking1 example than Torlonia of the vanity of hiuian wishes. The Duke's name is Hardoun, and lie was born in a village in the south of France, whence, as a sergeant of cavalry, he came in the arm*- of occupation to Rome. He happened to be quartered in the Palazzo Altemps, in the court of which he was daily to be seen grooming his horse. While thus engaged he used to be observed and admired by the owner ot the palazzo, the middle-aged Countess Altemp, who th-jught it a pity that so fine -looking a young fellow should bei, mere French sergeant. Tender relations soon began between the two, but how could she marry an uncommissioned, officer ? Woman's ingenuity, however, soon found a way out of the difficulty. Along with various propertip.*1., tide' Countess inherited several titles which seemed destined to die with, her, as she had no child ren. II a; wealth and social position made her influential at the Vatican, aud the good-natured Pius IX. was ever ready to oblige lis friends. He was induced, therefore, to bestow one of these titles upon the lucky Hardoun, who lost no time in marrying his patroness. It soon appeared that fortune had only begun to smile upon him, for ere long his wife died in childbirth, leaving a son ?vrfic lived j^tlong enough to inherit his mother's property and pass it onlo ' his father. Hero was now the newly-made duke enormously rich, still young, and as handsome as ever ; only a wife after hisownheartwasnecessary to complete his happiness, and for this he had not far to seek. Young, beautiful, and of good familv, the new duchess of course smoothed her husband's path In society, which, at the worst, would not have been too rough ; for though quite uneducated, the duke was not without tact and good sense. But this complete happiness was not destined to last long, for, after a few years, the duchess was suddenly stricken with madness. Her monomania consisted in believing herself pursued by the ghost of her predecessor, seeing herself everywhere followed by a woman with a dead child in her arms, who vows destruction to her and her children. Frequently she has escaped from her house and hurried through tho streets of Rome towards the Tiber, ever 'crying, ' My children! My children!' 