NEW CONVENT AT MITCHAM. The Foundation-stone of a branch convent for the Sisters of St. Joseph was laid at Mitcham by His Lordship Dr. Reynolds, Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, on Sunday after- neon, July 10. Tbe foundations of the bnildi?g hare been laid on a site adjoining and to tba west of die Siiteham Cemetery, whiah was kindly prevented by Mr. £. Bare Smith. The site is an excellent one, and tbe oosrvsnt will overlook Torrens Park and Mitetaun wad commend a fine view of the plains Tha building, which is now ia cource of eres tioii, atd which will contain five roima beudes a bathroom, kitohen, ani pantry, i> only ititen^ed as the oommencement of a mush more extensive structure, which is to be devoted to general religions and edncatiorral woik. The convent will have a frontage of 42 feet, facing northwards, end judging from the drawings of tbe architect (Mr. MeMollenJ, will prove an ornament to the hillside. On Sunday morning a service wascanl-'O'ei in the Uitcfun Church by the Rev. Fath r Knright, and from tbe cborch a comb* of the school children, preoeied by aca ljtte beaiing a, crocifix and a banner, matched to tbe site of tbe convent suit ing the hgrrnn, "Brightly gleams our banner.* A large numbtr of permns aa«es«led aswand thestone. Hi* Lordship, who was accompanied by -the Rev. Father Go?dolphi, as chaplain, arched at the site direct from tovn,aad first prcceeded to the spot s,t which the altar is to be fixed, and which was marked by ? oraciSr adorned with-a wreath of flowers. The antheai "Bijnnm Sautis^and Psalm 84 were reefed, acd then the site was blessed, the prayer "Qii licet C<elo" bemg afterwards read. His Hard ship, vtth his attendants, mounted th?ak*gn)g which had beeuecected alongside the atone and bleteed the atone in the asual manner. After a ebcrt devotional service the atone was set by His lordship, who aaid—"ln the faith of Jesus Christ we Hec? the first stone of tbis e2ifiee, in the name of the Father, and of tbe Son, anl of the Holy Ghost; Oat hene the <rae fatthnmd fear of God and fraternal oharit^iftay fionrish, and that this place may be daditatied to pray.* andtottieprai?eof the name of oar Lard Jems Christ, wto, with the Fatter, Bon, and Holy Ghoet, lives acd regiss, God, world without end, for all eternity." The four cxnen of the building were tfcsa Wasssa, shj? His Xiordihi? again amending the tUtotm, preached from the text, "The Kingdom ot Heaves is Use to ? £ta? «f Mstarg aeed, -whKh«.mantookand«owedinhisfield. Whish indeed is the least of allseeds; bnt when it ia gre*n it ia tbe greatest amorg herb*, anS btisstth a tree, sotiiat the birds of -the aie ecaeand lodge in tbt branches thereof.' 1 His referred to the establishment of the QhrJstian Ofcnrcb, atdto tbevarioas feataresof its history far the eighteen centuries following, and applying the paraUe to the chnrcb, said that down the career of time tbeetwrch had grown and nourished, and was still gnwing, despite al viehaitadea. Thai, speakicg more particularly of the estabGahment of the KoinanOafiiolie Chorea in A«rtrsHa,h« j?ensfoned tbe task of *Bewe««bleJonaniai O Ilyna, who had came oat to the sonviet set tlement at Botany Bay to minister to tbe wants of the number* of the Bom*o Oatbelic Olnmsh who badhecn sent eat from Bogkad. Be met Wjth opporition from the Government, and «.e n persecuted that he returned home. In ecwequtnee of his xepresentxttons two pksts esme out, and althoogh they also had to contend against the authorities they «ooceeded in keeping the fast* attrs amongst the ISfiOO penonathenin tha oetws men?,*?d some time afterwards a better state of thugs was bnmght about after a hard straggle. In 1848 tbe first near apeatsUe to the eokmie* noted Sooth Aocinlia, where there were then about 5.0C0 persons without a chnreh, and in 1644 the first bishop was teak to the diocese of Adelaide. Xhenoallestkaof tbe ctraggles of his pc?deoessor was fhash in the memory of many, and they that day bed to thank God that be had been so iiwusifnl in his efforts to pi-rto the gnvthof the grain of mustard seed. When he (Hie lordship) first took his present position a great straggle took place on she qoestisnof Oatbolie edneation, and the development of the colony and tbe increasing wants of the people in the districts gtadoally fozflsed hat-been a sooxee «f great anxiety to him. The prwtta bad been few, bat tbe people had asntsioed lojal and true, and during the past seven years he bad «pcned 30 new chnrobas, 48 new schools, acd 4 special convents. They had had to make a great struggle because they wen heavily taxed for the edneation of their ehadno. The struggle had been long, and would be longer, and perhaps demand greater saacioeat, bnt they bad a right and just cause, and be hai no doubt that the day would earns when-the Legislature wouM>ee the jostaes? of their de mand and give them a portion of the revenae to which they contributed for the education of tbeir children. They did not wish to interfere with the religious convictions of anyone, bat they desired that their children might be educated according to their own belief, and that that they thmld cot be asked to oontri* bate to a sjatem the advantages of which they could not conseientioady avail them selves of. The building whieh hai been ecnimeneed would form a ch%pel, whiah would be a benediction to the neighborhood, and rt wcnld form a home for the Sisters who had undertaken Jhe edneatiaa of the female ehO. <3ren in the district. They seed have no fear f rcm the past measures of grace which bad beea given for difficulties in tbe future; their trust waa in God, and it weald not be rwnfnaarle i. Many of their uoo-Catbalie frieads in theeolony bad been very liberal towards thsm,.at«ne instance he might awaAion, the donation eftta* buiWing's aite, and be prayed that God m%ht reward them for it. The influence of the io etitownn would exhwd to the people in the hills, and they might be confidant that the work which had bow been commenced would be brought to a aaeeesaful issue with the blessing, of God and their aid. An appeal foraaustanee resulted ia thebmd ttmt *vm of £66 being collected. 