pouches. (By the Sentinel.) \- . Yb Politics. . The ppiitical atmosphere is disturbed. Bidding- ton is awfully exasperated. The House would like to knp.w the nature of his trouble, in order that, without being deemed top conciliatory, his wroth might be appeased. Civil servants are also very ansjoUs on this score. You know the Supply Bill, Yfhich alone enables the payment of salaries, needed the unanimous consent o.f the Council before it pould bo passed, Pid. chanced to be obstreperous, aud with that nonchalance peculiar in him, he simply said " I object,"- and so the interminable host of Civil servants, who might have got their " scre«v"- on the first day of '81, have to wait for it till next Wednesday. There is talk among those qualified to hazard an opinion that Government is to blame for this injustice in not pushing forward the Temporary Supply Bill. But the ex-member for the Hawkesbury was in a bad mood, so. he set his back against it, and has since continued as im movable as the rabbi who said " there's no devil Uor hell 1" What could have vexed Piddington to the extent that he now manifests? His action is reprehensible, becanse he shouldn't inflict a public wrong through having a down on the Government. His political life, bordering on twenty years, has not been characterised by nuerring rectitude ; and he has only been the father of two bills, with all his unparalleled verbosity — au Appropriation Bill, and a Loan Bill, which was passed by the suspension, at his own request, of the Standing Order ! There is nothing classical in Piddington. He certainly carries his age well, but I suspect Devonian Cream has something to. do with this. Barkes hreathes freely in spit of Piddington, because Forster, who represents Gundagai, won't arrive till March ; and Henry is even thankful for this brief respite. Old Bill Forster is known to have a turn for fun, more especially when he can intersperse it with worm wood. His latest letter from home bears testimony to this, for he says, " I will not commit myself to any opposition to the present Ministry until I can learn their poliov and inteutio.ns, and judge for my self whether they merit opposition or not." Just imagine Foster becoming a consistent supporter of Parkes, and then imagine M:Elhona saying his prayers, or Melville speaking English, or Smith \- keeping silent for five minutes ! Still, politicians change, particularly after a sea voyage, anatne ex- Agent- General may not suffer again from chronic bile for some time to. come, But he is going to throw some useful light on the subject of the London agency," so look out for interesting revel- . ations I The Opposition are eager to ".straw-split," bat 'their action is not decisive, and marked only by its want of animation. Forster is clearly the centre of their faith. They long for his arrival, and till then they will not operate, so that what ever difficulties and dangers may beset the Ministry after March, till then it is as safe as the Bank of . England. In the Upper Chamber Ogilvie and De Salis simply encourage Piddington in his thunder ing invectives by occasionally saying '.'.hear hear." With no other thanks, and a 'ot of empty benches surely it must be very annoying to this legislative gladiator : still he is yack-skinned, and so can do and stand an incredible amount. Albury Railway. They have opened the railway from Gerogery to Albury ; and the Premier, who is unequalled at post-prandial speechifying, gave the assemblage at banquet the other night to understand it was a very Important thing because it was the first railway that had been constructed in the colonies with a great city at each end. So much for Buckingham, But Sir Henry, in his enthusiasm, didn't say any thing beyond that which is. already known to " all hands and the cook." Of course Australia is a fine country; and of coarse Parkes and Berry love one and other ; and of course members of the Confer ence were well received. Audthese things formed the basis of Parkes's speech. Everybody congratu lates the colony on the great progress it has made ; hut everybody don't want to. rest satisfied with , what has been done — not exactly. It is little enough to my mind. Shoulders to the wheel of progress, and push onward 1 That's tbe charge. Railways constitute the great arteries of a nation, through which the life-blood of commerce flows. It is on'them that Australia is dependent for the ac commodation of goods and passenger traffic more than most nations, because of the paucity of her navigable waters ; in this latter respect she is not so favourably situated as the United States, so that pn the face of such circumstances, the success of her inland commerce must always depend more particularly on railways than steamers. Taken in this light, the Albury affair is an important event in the colony's history, which Sir Henry did not take the trouble to mention — a great oversight on the part of a man who has been 26. years before the . public. The assertion would have given weight to the boast of his having been identified with every public movement during that time, Supercilious Henry, as they say. Fabnell at Kiajka. Farnell is another of those creatures, who have Blinds as changeable as weathercocks, and as many faces as thorns on a sweet-briar. I remember when in Glen Inne3 he was awfully wroth against the present Government, and in speaking of the claims the Grafton people had to a railway he said that they must have their desires gratified, more es pecially as the line to Kiama was to benndertaken. What benefit would the country derive from the ex-, penditure of a million of money in the construction of this line? None — it would benefit Sir John Robertson and a few others who had a fine park at Coal Cliff. The line would traverse a useless waste, for what 1 To bring butter from a place that could not grow its own vegetables. Sydney had to send potatoes to Kiama. It was, in fact, a butter rail way." With that flattering style peculiar to the old fossil, after having given utterance to the above he sneaked down to the banquet in connection with the Kiama Show, when this is how he delivered himself : — He said he preferred such occasions as these, when he could countenance the advancement of the country to going to such frivolities as were taking place at Albury and Dubbo. (Hear, hear.) As a politician he had been too straight, but as long as any constituency had sufficient faith in him to elect him, he would see that the Government car ried out proper measures. (Cheers.) He de precated the practice of going to Government for help, and said those only would receive assistance who helped themselves. He had been put on the shelf, and supposed that until old Harry or old Jack died he would never have a chance again. The present Government. were compelled to carry oat measures he had iuitiated, but were coming back to the old trick again. He went iu for honest Government, but that could never succeed in N. S, Wales. (Hear.) They had the greatest chicanery and " Haselmayer" business in the carrying on of Government. But the Ministers know how to, keep such things as the Kiama railway looniing in the distance. He had not come down to discover the Kiama ghost, but he strongly advised the people to demand their railway as a right,, when he was confident they would get it in I wq years. (Ap plause.) Fie, Farnell, fie 1 j. . Affairs in Ireland. ; - The cause of the defeat and condemnation of the Irish party has been their reproachful conduct dur ing the last few days, especially over the first read-: ing of the Coerciou Bill. The attempt of an insig nificant minority to overrule the deliberations of a Senate celebrated for giving filfil effect to the opU niousof every one of its members has at length in duced the Speaker, Mr, Brand, the guardian of the privileges and decorum of the House of Commons, to interfere and put a stop to proceedings that were intended to disgrace the sanctuary in which they were beiug enacted. The members of the House — some: 600 of them— riot in accord with the anarchial policy of the Parnellites and some Home Rulers have been very lenient, because sessious have been protracted to inordinate length through a tolerauce of a disgraceful use of the forms of the House that could no longer be submitted to with out making the Parliament of the country a mark for the contempt of every man. The only wonder is that such a state of things has been permitted So long, The Irish obstructionist members, seeing that their game was played out, left the House in a body, probably to concoct schemes of opposition in another direction, Tlie Coercion Bill was then read a first time, and is to be immediately read a second and third time, arid it will no doubt pass the Lords rapidly, Those who sympathise with the order-loving people, must see the necessity for this measure, Sydney, Friday Evening, 