?^#i*^''^iLiwsements.' ' ' ?.??? ?' *)EBti.^-On Saturday next we art to expect a treat in tOBvay of oratorio murio, when the grand work, ^.EU,' by«ic Miehael Costa, is to be given at the Garden Pjlafie by the Sydney Musisal Union. 'No expanse hj^i boen spared to render the masio in first olasB style. The Boprano, tenor, and contralto parts -will b« sastaiaed by tha following eminent artists :— Miss Aanis-if ontarne, Mr. Charles Turner, 'ana 'Mbs' - Maa4ei'.-fit. Clair. An exceptionally good epmbihation o! orchestral talent has elso been engaged. . , Saoh aartsof the workss the soul-stoning: war song with Ahonso&n; only be rendered effioiently by a voice of exceptional power; and in Mr. Turner's Jtands it will surely reeeivo full justice. Mica Mon tague in the wonderfolly -brilliant air, ' I will extol Thee, O/Lord,' will have aa opportuaitypf display ing to th£fulle«t extent her exqaiaite voioe and cul tured styre^ also, -b« ' Eveaing Prayer,' as btjb? by Miss St Clair,. eannot easily be forgotten. The part of Eli will be sustained by Mr. John Bushelle, ?who ha« aLfeady performed It with sucooss ia a ren dering by the Metropolitan Lledert&fel; in Mel bourne. The part of the 'Man of God 'will bt ecagby Mr.E. J. Hollingdale. 'The whole work will 4-e under the skilful condnotorghip of Mr. Sydney Moss, L.C.M. We nnderatand that tho whole of the oratorio is to be produced, and we have no doubt that all lovers of ' musiokl art will reap a benefit by attending ihe Garden Palace oh Saturday afternoon, especially as the ptioe' of admission under the excep tional oircnmstaneea is exoeedingly. moderate. A meeting of the Pittitroet Band of Hope was held, on Tuesday evening last, in the school-kail, Pitt street. It may be prosupied from the large numbar present that, if tha weather had been more propitious, the hall would have been crowded. The chair was taken at 7.30 by the superintendent of the school, Mr. James Bobertaln, who gave an address explain ing the objects and rules of ' the soeiety, also inviting the parents of aoholara and Mends ot the temperance oftuse to come ae often as possible to the meetings, aad requesting- those who had net signed the pledge to do so at o'noe. A recitation by Master E. Hunt was well reaeived. Mr. W. Howlett then addj-essed the meeting1, warning those present against the infatuation of strong drink, illustrating his remarks with several interesting anecdotes. This was followed by* duet, from the Misses Canvin, who era to . be complitaented for the excellent way in wiiish they -sang. - Mr. Andre-*- Torning then gave en addreBS on the aspeat of temperance affairs gene rally, and promised the society a haadsome ban ner as eobn as it reached a certaia num ber. Messrs. Powell and Laverack (eeeretary St. Pater's Temperanae Society) (rave a very «^-od. dialogue, entitled ' The Kinir and the Miller of Mansfield ;' after which Mr. John Eoseby, M.P., gave a moat interesting address, deploring the drink ing customs of B6oiet-, and referring to the system of 'treating' in business circles, besides giving' some of his own expeiieaees in life. He had bees a teetotaler for 40 yearn, and had sever onus been sorry for jfte step be had taken. M*. H. -C. Gill&m; stave a solo, which was _ received with rounds of amdanse^ A rftaitition. ' The ?Drnnka.rd'a Aneii.-va ' from Mr. W. A.-Notting (8eo?etary), broughtavdy pleasant evening to aoiose, ,& large number staying to sign the pledge. The Eton Football Club gave an entertainment at the Town Hall, 'Sedfern, oa Wednesday. The etasre was tastefully deeoratad, and the programme com prised a eoene from the *' Knights of the Bound Table,' tho oomediotta' Hake Your Wills,' axd a musioal interlude. The Glebe band performed most efficiently daring the evsnin«r. The andwnoo was large and thoroughly appreeiative. At tUa olos* a oolleotion was made to defray expenses. ' D'Arcy Bead's Ghost will wait on Saturday in the old Scandinavian, now the Yiotoria Hall. MesarB.'Wada and Turner, the go-as- yon-pleaso promoters,' went back to Melbourne last night to fetch competitor* for the female tonrnament, it is setdV 