ASSASSINATION AMONG THE ? ,. MASSES. /: 'Broadbrim,' -writing to the Port Deniton Timet in his New York Letter Says :; — I dont know what has got into pur people, but the most casual observer cannot fail to note that within the past sir months a ladical ' change has taken place in the opinions of the masves, which bodes serious trouble in the future. On the streets and in the club housvs men 'are still discussing the assassination of the Emperor of Russia. As a general thing a sensation of this. kind is forgotten in a few days, some new wonder takes ils place, and it sinks into oblivion ; but about the taking off of this dead Romanoff there hangs a some thing which like the ghost of Banquo, will not go down. Among the thou sands who daily talk this matter over it is remarkable that so few express the unqualified sympathy which the circum stances would seem to cull forth. Pro bably they remember that New York is no stranger to assassination, and you well know the old adage, that ' famili arity breeds contempt.' The death of the Cz*r was fearful, terrible, because he was a Czar ; yet here in the heart of the city, in broad daylight, and on its' most public thoroughfare, an nBsasination occured in the presence of thousands . of people, alongside of which the death of the Russia Emperor pales into inRigni ficunce. It was on the 14tb of July, 18G3, a day never to; be forgotten as long as one stone stands above another to' mart the site of the city of New York. The draft riots were in full blast, and excited thousands of ignorant, brutalised ruffians filled the streeta, urged on their wfirk of distraction by an army of female furies, whose ' counterparts could only be found among the devils of the lower regions. Col. H.'F. O'Brien had been deputed to put down the riot, and, with a portion of his command, the Eleventh Regiment, he was finally compelled to fire upon the mob. A short t-imn after be was attacked by a crowd of ruffians while coming out of a drug store, .and literally tramped to death. After dragging his body in the mire for more than a block they hungtheinanimate form to a lamp-post. Then they cut it down, and seizing the legs dragged it al oat tbe itreets, -drunknn man and women dancing in wild frenzy, as if it were m masque or a carnival. For six mortal hours this horror was enacted in one of the mdfe public streets of the city, and negroes were burnt alive in their houses by hordes of murderous ruffi»n«, . many of whom still live, unharmed and nnwhipped by justice. It is not astonishing, then, that the death of a single man, even though that man be an Emperor, excites no very lively sympathy. If I understand the sigh aright, the sympathies of the mans of the people go out to the thousands of wretched captives who toil out helpless lives in the dark Siberian mines, and to miserable women m»ny of them deli cately nurtured, whose backs have been welted hy the bloody knout, and who, torn from their homes and all they lored on earth, are waiting impatiently for death, as their only hope of release. Our people grow more communistic every day, the exactions of capital are evnrr hoar becoming more barthenBnme and overbearing, and it will not be long before the manes will show you. ' what thpy are going to do abnt it.' The quarrel between the rival factions of the Republican party is, in its present shape, the severest strain thit-the politi cal organisation has been called upon to endure. There is one thing morally cer tain, and that is, there can he no active coilition between th'ese factions in tho future. The present fight means destruc tion to 6ne or the other; whether tho gonfalon of the Sago of W-stche«ter shall go down In the melee, or the white plume of onr knightly Benator shall be trailed in the dust, is something which time ajono can.tell. Perhaps* both may' get thnir quietus. T am not good at guessing, but we shall see what we shall see.. \ 