THE O'MAHONY, : CHIEF OF THE COMERAGHS. CHAPTER XVII. THE REVELRY OP DEATH—THE AVENGERS AT WORK — CREMATED IN THE MIDST OF ? FLOTTINGS AND -CHIMES. The brutal murder of Charley Moran horri fied the country, and men spoke of it with bated breath, not knowing but the blow might next fall 0:1 themselves or their families. On the other hand, it confirmed such bold, wicked men as Simon Marsh in their crimes and iniquities, for they saw that there was no law to restrain them, no justice to call them to account for their evil deeds. I wo other events which occurred about this time threw the loyalists into ecstasies, and greatly tended to depress the spirits and blight the hopes of the patriots. The one was tho trial and conviction for murder, in Clonmel, of Father Nicholas Sheehy, and the other was the arrest and imprisonment in Mitchellstowu of the O'Mahony. Father Sheehy's sentence of death was subsequently carried oufc with all the savage barbarities that characterized political exe cutions of the period.* The terrible shock poor Mrs. Moran sus tained unsettled her reason, and she went about looking for her darling boy. She would sit for hours on his grave in the chapel-yard at Clogheen, and would, when discovered, suffer herself to be gently led home by her daughters and neighbours. Alice Sheehy was as attentive to her as her own daughter, and it was feeling to witness the poor woman pet Alice's head and tell her that she and Charley would soon be married, that he was gone to buy the ring and would be back in the morning. Simon Marsh and his troop had become a terror to the country. He even outdid his master in wickedness. Black and cruel as Simon Marsh's heart was, it had one tender spot in which he nurtured his love for Alice Sheehy. His plan of removing his rival, instead of facilitating his advances, only rendered him the more detestable in her eyes. Whenever she met him she shuddered with an unde fined terror, and his presence was enough to drive her into hysterics. Her only consola tion seemed to be to spend her time in com pany with Mrs. Moran, and to listen to her ravings about her darling boy. A few weeks after the murder of her lover the bereaved girl was visiting at Mrs. Moran's trying to console the poor woman and her daughter, who had been confined to her bed since the death of her brother. When about a mile from the house she heard horsemen approaching, but did not feel alarmed, as she thought they might be * It is a remarkable fact that all who partici pated in tho trial, conviction, and execution of Father Sheeliy mot suddon deaths or died of some loathsome disease. Sir Thomas Maud, who impanelled the jury, died covered with leprous ulcora and soros until his flesh dropped off his bones. Jacob, of Mobarnan, vowed that he'd hang the dog, and lie died jumping and barking like a mad clog. The family were reduced to poverty and scattered over the world. Bagwell, of Kiltnoro, died a jib boring irlion, while his eldest son shot himself, and his family became oxtinct. Barker died sud denly, and the family became extinct in direct line. Jonathan Williams dropped dead in a privy. ; Sandy Hoops wiie drowned crossing a ford. He sworo tnut he would cut bis boots for tripe or hang Father Sheohy. When he fell into the river theso vory boots stuck in tho mud and drowned him. Going died suddenly. Edward Dawson was killed by his horse. Danville was thrown from hia horse, and, hanging from tho stirrup, was dragged into Nenagh, with his brains scattered along the road. Tuthill cut hio thronfe. Shaw was chokod. Mincbiu was reduced to beg gary and fatuity. Most of the petit jurors met with similar fates, while the hand of (3-od as visibly marked the vile instruments uaed to convict him. Moll Dunloa died in a ditch adjoining Walkino Lough, in Kilkenny. Toohy, another false witness, died of glanders, while Darby Braham, the hangman, after being a cripplo for yoars, fell into a rivulet and was drowned. Bob W ? e, comonly called 'Bob Snarl,' fled the country, and wo are ignorant of his end, but hia descendants sottlod in America. The fate of tho other actors in this bloody drama is narrated in the work. Father Shoohy'o head remained on a spiko in front, of tho old gaol in ?=;, Olonmel for twenty years, and was finally buviod ffjth hia body in Shandrughan church-yard, some farmers Mding home from the village. It was too dark to recognize the riders until they reached her, and then, to hor horror, she recognized in the foremost of them Simon Marsh. She gasped for breath and uttered a sf.nvim of terror and anguish. ' Ila ! ' exclaimed Mr. Marsh, 'is my presence so hateful to Miss Sheehy that she cannot bear me P' So saying he alit from lay horse and ap proached her. 'Keep off, keep off !' she screamed ; ' don't touch me ; there is innocent blood on your hands and soul !' ' Come, easy now, my pretty little buttcr lly ! ' he chuckled as he tried to kiss her. The poor girl did not resist long, for she soon fell in a swoon on the road. ' What will we do with her?' said he, turning to his companions. ' What would you do with her but take her home before you, and, as you are so soft on the girl, keep her.' replied Mr. Stack. ' Marsh mounted his horse and Stack lifted the light form of the girl before him on the horse, and then the party resumed their journey at a dashing pace. Tho rapid notion soon brought Alice to her senses, and as soon as she understood, the situation she screamed as loud as she could, though the ruffian tried to keep his hand on her mouth. When turning the bend of the road near M'r.s. Moran's .she cried out in frenzied accents : ' O Charley, Charley ! can't 3^011 save me ?' Tfer prayer seemed to be answered, for a white figure glided from the roadside and stood in front of the terrified horsemen. It is said that a guilty conscience makes a coward of the greatest villain, and to the superstitious minds of these men of blood the apparition appeared no other than their victim, Charley Moran. The horses, too, shied and became restive, and as Simon Marsh's horse plunged the spectre seized him by the reins. In the confusion Alice flung herself to the ground, while Marsh in his drunken frenzy pulled out his pistol and fired at the object before him. The hand relaxed from the rein and the figure sank to the earth with a groan. The ruilians spurred their horses and were soon out of sight. Alice immediately recognized in the prostrate form before her poor Mrs. Moran, who had stolen out of her room in her night-dress, and had flung a white counterpane over her shoulders with the wandering intention of visiting her boy. ' My God ! my God ! have they murdered tho poor woman ?' exclaimed the terrified girl, as she lifted up her head in her lap. li Alice !' exclaimed the other, ' what is it all about P Some one has hurt me. Tell me what it means ? Where is Charles P' The terrible shock had restored her senses, and after a few moments' silence and reflec tion .she muttered : ' Alice, darling, I know it all now. They have murdered Charley and now they have killed me. God's will be done, though ; sure I'll soon be in heaven with my darling boy !' Willy Moran, who with the servants was looking for his mother, soon came up, and a most mournful scene ensued. The neighbours collected and the dying woman was tenderly borne to her home. Though the blood was ebbing from the wound in her side, she continued to speak rationally for some time ; but soon her voice was hushed, and her troubled spirit was at rest. Though the brutal murder of Mrs. Moran had shocked the people, rich and poor, still the law took no cognizance of it, for the offenders were sheltered by Earl Kingston and Sir Judkin. He had heard that a now society, called ' The Avengers,' had sprung into existence, with Shaun Gow at its head, and that some informers and loyalists who had been mur dered of late were dispatched by these des perate men. Shaun Gow was about the only man Simon Marsh feared, and he had an instinctive feel ing that unless he could remove this dreaded outlaw he would perish at his hands. He was surrounded by a number of yeo men, who lived on the property, and for his better security he always kept Sergeant Stack and a few more congenial ruffians with him in the house. They were well armed, and in a ease of attack could hold their own until the others would come to their assistance. One night, about two weeks after the dep'ila ©'2 Mrs. Moran, Lbutenant Marsh had coiloeted around him a set of fire-eaters. They were unusually jolly and repeatedly drank ' To hell with Pope and Popery,' and ' Croppy, lie down,' and were as happy as any sect of loyal bacchanalians could be. They felt perfectly safe, for were they not well armed, and were not a score or more loyal yeomen almost within call P The jingle of glasses and the echo of the chorus had subsided when some one re marked : ' Hillo ! the room is filling with smoke !' ' Where is it coming from P' shouted Simon Marsh to his companion. The smoke came rolling down the wide, old-fashiond flue in volumes, followed by wads of half-burnt, damp straw, and soon tho thatch over their heads crackled, and the fire burst through it at the gable end. ' Tho Avengers, by G — d !' shouted Simon Marsh to hi.s horrified companions, each of whom looked pah; i\$ a ghost, for the fcjirful truth had burst upon them — namely, t.luii the house was on lire and that they were surrounded by their enemies. ' Seize your arms,' shouted their leader, ' and let u;; fight our way out.' They did so, and rushed to the doors, but they were all secured on the outside and could not be opened. The thatch was crackling over their heads, and already heavy masses of it had fallen in among them. They were nearly paralysed with terror arid suffocated with smoke. 'God! this is a terrible death,' shouted Simon Marsh, as he flung open the window as their only means of escape. ' Ha, ha !' hissed a mocking voice from the outside, which he recognized as that of Shauu Gow, ' who murthered Charley Moran and hia poor mother P who murthered .Father Sheehy p' ' Mercy, mercy !' shouted the wretches as the smoke and fire closed around them. ' Yes, the mercy ye gave you shall get. You dogs !' shouted the blacksmith, 'ye are a nice batch for tho devil — murderers, informers, spies, and traitors !' ' Let us fire and dash through the window,' whispered Marsh to his friends. A few of them who were not paralysed with terror fired, and then tried to escape through the window. ' Fire !' shouted the stentorian voiceof the blacksmith, and a volley came through the glass, sending the wretches reeling and bleed ing back to the^flames. Their shrieks of agony and fruitless cries for mercy soon subsided, for the burning roof had falling in, enveloping them in one sheet of flame. As the last agonizing groan had subsided, and nothing remained but the bare walls, Shaun Gow turned to his man and said : ' The Morans and Father Sheehy are avenged ; now for their masters !' (To be Continued.) 