METROPOLITAN ECHOES. Saturday Night. You pointed out in a sub. the other day that the press writers in Melbourne put Mr David Gaunson "gently to his purgation.” Perhaps if some who write purely from a political standpoint knew as much of this gentleman ns man; pressmen do privately the; would view his public career in a -different,■ and certainly a ' more generous manner. Your, Melbourne contemporaries, for instance, carp at Mr Oanhson,' even when resigning a post (which he might have easily continued to bold), for accusing the press of vituperating and unnecessarily -slandering him, I can assureyou that hr'private circles here it is generally considered that the metropolitan press was unduly hard upon the late honorable member for Ararat,- and that the country papers were a ‘ little too hasty in following their example. The sin committed by Mr Qaunaon, so far as the Aye is concerned, was his statement- made-in open Parliament that he didn’t see why this colony should be “ bossed by Syme.” Well, there are many who agree with him on that point. Had he confined himself to this he might have had the Argus and the Daily Telegraph at his back, but be went further, and stated be “could do without the press.” Sine ilia lachryma / Down came the “ dogs" on him at once, and any man of experience knows that the “ dogs of war” are a foul to them. Do without the press, indeed ! Why, even L. L. Smith—and|he canters as near the edge of thorough going pluck as any man in the three coluuies—wouldn’t venture on an attempt to do without the press. Toucan run nothing now a-days, from a circus to a new doctrine, without the assistance of the press, and Mr Gauoson was undeniably foolish to try and do it. But was it fair, was it manly, when the conquered knight had removed his helmet in token of defeat, to give a last punch at his undefended bead I Let us hope the indignant papers intended to do him a good turn after all, for, indeed, they have done it. Some correspondent of the Argus is anxious that the Oriental Bank building, now unoccu pied, should be taken up as a public office of some sort—reading-room, or additional public library. They might start it as a record office if necessary, but certaiuly not as a reading-room. A more dismal edifice can scarcely be imagined, and how any right minded man could sit down to read light litera ture with the ghost of a refused overdraft, or a dishonored bill in the neighborhood, it is difficult to imagine. There is one good feature in the Ary us, viz., that when it takes up a question not in any way connected with politics, it treats it in a fair, common-sense manner. This is exempli fied in their article iu this morning’s issue on the subject of federal defence. Into the particular and strictly professional subjects of the report I have not yet gone -closely enough to give au opiuion, but as a man who has seen eervice in three countries I take leave to agree cordially with your contem porary on one point, namely, that to disband the Victorian artillery as it existed last year was one of the worst mistakes the Government could possibly have committed, aud that the sconer it is reconstructed on its old basis, but in such a way as to place it beyond the chance of being disbanded by a .chance vote in a Committee of Supply, the better for the colony, not only in case of a. war, but even in peace time.. The task of reconstruction, however, will not be soeasy as may be imagined. I saw a good deal ef the late corps, and, like every man who has ever worn a sword, felt a strong personalinterestin them. Serviogamong the “ non-coms,” and in the ranks, were some who bad held ( Her Majesty’s commission, and nearly all were picked men, not only in physique but in conduct and general behaviour. To get these men together again—disgusted as they must be by tho treatment they received— will be difficult enough, if nut impossible, and.the only way,now of retrieving thejerror is to get as good a ■ substitute for what has so foolishly been thrown away as can be attained. Let, therefore, the corps be at once re constructed, and every inducement held (out to the “old hands" to rejoin. Let it be increased to three batteries, properly officered and manned, and let the Penal and Police Departments be supplied, as heretofore, from its ranks. I would go even further, and take -letter carriers, or even railway guards, from the corps, for by Ibis means, we should achieve what is really wanted in a young colony like this, vig., the certainty of being able to call out at the earliest moment and in the cheapest way a body of men ready trained for imme diate action. Of course, the standard in height, dec., would have to be lowered, for as it was it was difficult enough to keep the corps up to its complement, and those who so often admired the appearance of our guards of honor on every public occasion little. knew the trouble it was to. procure the material. Any how, the subject will now be thoroughly ven tilated, and Mr Longmore’a ideas of what be called loafing' properly snubbed. It all! hear from Sydney is true, poor Mr Dalton, the Princes' tutor, mpst haya;a sough time of it. A luuy who r-fas’ at the Mayor's ball in that city wnteq to. her sister ben to say that'the ref- gentleman objected to; certain ladies Seeing introduced to their RH.’s for escort to supper, and it then eked out -that he had been especially instructed to see, that the said R.H.’a were particular on this {mint. Poor tutor and poor boys ( Scripture tells, ns that one joys,l tutor made a strong effort iu direction, end thutho wasn’t a success either, tn , fact, it 'must have gbpe very far indeed, when the poor,' lion' lsaclßr is described in another p| r tlie (a.ipe letter, as hovering round b\a ghgrgei like a '.‘nursery ,girl.in whiskers. 1 ’ . You will be glad to., hear that Charley. Bright,, of-lecturing fame, is recovering from his late illness, and you wi11,.1 am sure, be equally sorry to hear that Mr Marcus Qlark.e, the well-known author, is seriously indisposed. Be is cellaring from a severe attack of. lum bago aud‘intefna'l inflammation, but bis medi caradrisers state that a week or so of perfect : rest will put him on bis legs again. In a recent trial for larceny in New Zealand, .the. proiocutor, strongly' recommended the.. . prisoner to'the mercy of the ’court, and promised to give him employment. The court, therefore,.let jthe man off with, one day V hard labor." Now' migbth’t.tbis..merciful man. just as well., have .read.the..unhappy larcenisc a declare himself,' him , back again ' without this'needless,, exposure., Some men; however, will advertise, j even when it comes to charity. ..They prefer.tho loud sounding drum to tho tinkling cymbal. . : ,...... Weave getting costhethio at last.. For some time we have had no public band-playing, and in a .climate singularly adapted to open-air music we have been utterly' without that “ gentle and healthy stimulant.” There is a band, however, now in the Eastern Market, which plays twice a week, the. place being 'lighted up with the electric light. . ,The music is very fair, and there is one l ad vantage, that in such a . brilliant light your pockets are not so easily picked, as usual. I expect the real truth is that,the market has not been such a success as antici pated, and that the astute members of the corporation have elected to try the effect of a little musical fillip.. Henry Byron has been about lately. ' There is an elder,.coming over here from Mormon land, for the purpose of .picking up a new consignment of wives, , What be is going to'dowith them in the, face of the -recent United States legislation isn’t,clear, but there is no doubt'that he will, got;thewives. Ever since Mrs Peokatty waited, for thewhite donkey” to go to the “New-Jerusalem’! on, there have always been plenty of women ready for the polygamatic market, You may. depend upon it, the Elder will be as warmly, if hot more warmly, , received than the- Detached Squadron.' ' , ! 