Complicated, Bigamy. (feom Monday's e. news.) A case case before the bench of the Cen tral Police Court this afternoon which, whether regarded as an instance of the laxity of regard entertained by some peo ple with respect to the matrimonial laws, or as a proof of the complicated troubles a ; man may bring upon himself, presented features wliich would form the ground work of a sensational noveL Some time ago a man named George Simpson mar- < ried a woman named Martha Gamham,' and after living with her for some time deserted her and married Bridget O'Neale, and they went to reside at Surry Hills, within two or three doors of his first wife, who soon made the discovery, and brought an action for bigamy against Simpson, and he was convicted and sentenced to five years' imprisonment at Darlingliurst gaol. While there he formed the ac quaintance of a man named Garnham, and whom he learned was the husband of his (Simpson's) first wife. After serving four months Simpson was released on the petition of his second wife, and an action for bigamy was then brought against Mrs. Garnham, but failed, as she proved that she liad not seen her first husband for over seven years and she had reason to believe that he was dead. When Gam ham was released, he refused to live with his wife and was ordered by the magis trates to pay her 15s. per week for the maintainance of herself and her two child ren, and when Simpson was released he declined to lire with cither of the two women. Bridget Simpson now sued him for maintainance as his wife, through Mr. Carroll, solicitor, Mr. Williamson ap pearing for the defendant. Some tech nical points were raised by the solicitors, and the Bench ruled that they had no jurisdiction, and could not hear the case, and the tangled knot will therefore have to he untied by the Judges of the Supreme Court. A singular and painful accident (says the Western Stab) has happened at Amby Downs woolshed to a man named Cleary, who was employed about the wool press. As he was jumping down off the press after it had been filled with fleeces, a ring he wore on the little finger of the left hand caught on a small hook, and the finger from the middle joint waB torn clean off by the weight of the fall. The E. News says :—During the voy age of the immigrant ship the Nineveh i the dull routine of events was relieved to | some extent by jokes, more or less serious, : practised by some of the young female im migrants on each other. In one case, however, the result turned out very seri ous indeed. During the quiet hours of the night one of the girls, wrapped in a white sheet, pasted from one bunk to an other and aroused the aleeping inmates by pretending to be a ghost. The shock in one instance was so severe the poor girl lost her reason, and had to be placed un der medical care. She was examined on the arrival of the ship here end certified to be insane, and was sent to Ghtdesville. The matter will come before (he Immi gration Board on Wednesday, pnd will be fully investigated, as well as tthe case of \ another girl who became insanf' during the j voyage from causes not yet known. ] 