. A TERRIBLE VISITOR. cl It was in compliance with the mandate m" of my medical man that I found myself ti late one autumn, about a dozen years dt ago, at the little town of Quimper i I Brittany, surrounded by the usual impedi- fr, ments of a married man on his travels. do Not, indeed, that I intended my journey fa to extend much further at that time, for ?i I had taken a fancy to the:quaint old- be world Breton country, and so long as I cl< escaped the keen easterly winds of, our mi English winter, I had free choice left muse op to pitch my tent for the next few months en at whatever spot I might think best iand th:i it seemed, both to myself and to those in who were with me, that we might go i', t further and fare worse. Po About eighteen miles from Quimper 3O0 there stands, or stood at the time of wi which 1 speak, for of its after-fate I have on no knowledge, an old-fashioned house of 1 considerable size, with high-pitched roofs, twisted chimneys, and dormer windows, n" known, appropriately enough, as Maison in (ris. in Maison Gris was two hundred years e old, and had never belonged but to one n family. Of this family, which pertained hii to the class of what we in England should fu call gentlemen-farmers, the last sciof pre- '1 ferred the gay salons of Paris to the quiet en home of his ancestors, and had long been of desirous of finding a tenant for the old m< house, and increasing thereby his some- wl what limited income. The rent deandemanded h was moderate in amount, and as we could li find no other place that promised to suit gh us equally well, a bargain was quickly struck ; and thrleei (lays later, ourselves 0e and baggage were comfortably installed cI in our new home. The house, to be sure, It' was far too large for the requirements of hn our small family, which consisted only of myself and wife, and our little girl, Mim, d eight years old; my wife's sister, and fe two stout Breton lasses to wait upon us : of but we put such of the rooms as we did gr not require under lock and key, and st' feminine tastes soon gave thle others a le comfortable homelike appearance. ru I had chosen one of the best apart- th ments in the house for my painting-room. re It had been the dining-saloon once on a ey time, and had a large mullioned window dE fronting on the north, consisting of small diamond-shaped panes set in lead, with a" thin iron bars running across at intervals, lii and having the family lozenge let in, high up, in painted glass. After the fashion of the period from which this window hi dated, a small casement opened out of n its middle compartment.; but the hasp of tl this casement being defective, Mim had ac found out a ready way of opening it from ti the outside by means of a bit of crooked ci wire; and sometimes when I was busy c1 with my brush and pallet, the minx sI would cease from trundling her hoop in E the garden, and wait with her nose n pressed against the window for the P encouragement of a nod or a half-smile ; taking which as permission, she would v manipulate for a few moments with her e: bit of crooked wire, which she kept on the sill outside ready fbr such emergen cies, till the hasp yielded, and the case ment opened, when she would creep s demurely through, and steal on tiptoe to my side. Two doors opened into this C room; one from a corridor which ranl through the lower part of the house, the e other from a corner of the verandah which led by a descent of two or three steps into the garden. Why I am thns par- 1 ticular in my description of this room t will appear by and by. My great picture, as I have called it, and which I had fully determined in. my own mind should be an advance on all my previous efforts, was a. scene fi'om The Lady of Shalott, where the boat, which the poor lady has found under, the willows, is floated by the tide, with its silent burden, into " many-towered" Camelot; and " knight and burgher, lord and dame" crowd on to the wharfs, marvelling who this may be. But besides this, I had another picture onchand, to which I could turn for relief when the s necessity for change came upon me. This second picture was a commission of my friend Sir Richard Thornfield, at whose house in the Peak I had been stayifig a short time previously ; and had reference to a rather singular legend which had been current in his family for several centuries; for the Thornfields were quite ancioent enough to have an apparition of their own, and however' lightly they might seem to regard it, you could not touch them on a more tender point than by attempting to ridicule the family ghost. 1 As if it had been put there to aid the d purpose I had in view, I found in the i state-bedroom of Maison Gris Ian old- d fashioned cheval glass, than which, with o its fantastic framework of carved oak, 11 nothing could have been more appropriate d for the background of my picture. I at once caused it to be transplanted to my c painting-room, and there it stood for t several months, generally with a sheet. of f, green baize thrown over it to keep it from the dust. When tired of the companyof her ladyship of Shalott, I turned to my , "ghost-picture," as Mim called it,by way I of variety. Then was the glass unsheeted, and Laura, my wife's sister, would pose herself before it, as in the act of twining j a string of pearls in her hair ; while I t transferred to my canvas the outline of a her figure, tihe turn of her little head, tihe flowing masses of her chestnut hair, with b the up-curved arms and the taper fingers b holding the'pearls. Tho two faces as 'see reflected in the glass--that of tihe appari- c tion peering blue-white over the bride's shoulder, and the girl's own face-I left till the last, or;, rather, was waiting till some moment of inspiration should lecnd my fingers tihe necessary power to repre- c sent clearly on cauvas the two faces as I saw them in my own mind. c One autumn morning I got up as I had c often done before, just as the sky was be- i ginning to purple with the coming day; r and slipping quietly down stairs, I opened the front door, and stood for a t moment or two on the steps enjoying the F delicious freshness of thie morning. t VWhilst standing thus, the thought came into my head that it would be as well to take a peep into my paicting-room, and soothlat everything was right there. On leaving off work tihe previous evening, I had left open the door leading into the veraudah, in order that tile room might be purified by morning from the smell of some turpentine which I had accidentally spilt. This door I had afterwards forgot ten to shiut before going to bed ; and the idea struck me, that it would be as well to see that no stray cat or dog had been Splaying any pranks among mcy brushes Sand colours during thie night. The door leading from the voranudah Sinto tihe painting-room was at an olupo site angle of thie hIouse fri m that at which I was now standing, so I descended tche steps leisurely, and walked across th,. Sgrass-plot towards it, noticing, as I didso, 1- what I had never noticed before, that the I old house looked older and grayor, " shb'etl thb nears and hbrunts of a'?e mbro clearly by that cold half-light of early morning than when seenl at any other time, even under the bright sun of mid day. As I stepped under the verandah, I saw with some surprise that the door in front of me was shut. It was a swing door that shut of its own accord unless fastened back, and on leaving it over night, I had propped it op n with a chair; but the chair was now gone, and the door closed. Wondeiing a little by what means this had come about, I. pushed open the door, and went in. As I entered the room, I mechanically let go the door, which swung to, and shut me in; and the same instant I felt, rather by intuition than by the action of any more positive sense, that I was shut up with something that had no business there with something terrible. I had but one ormef instant to look round ; the next, my eandering gaze fixed itself upon two :reat blazing eyes staring balefully out at me from a dusky corner of the room ; but in that one second of time my mind took in the fallen chair, the great cheval ;lass in the centre of the room, my easel n one corner, a broken doll of Him's on '.h filor ; while: other familiar objects further away in the big roo.n still showed uiniteinctly through the dim gray light creeping slowly through the thick panes of the old window ; then the eyes took me, and in that first awful shock with which the sight of them thrilled me, I think that I could hard have turned my head away even to save my life. They glared at me unwinkingly from the semi obscurity of the corner with a sort of con centrated ferocity in their glare which chilled my very heart's blood. To what strange monster crouching there, but half seen in that dim corner, did those fiery orbs belong? Not long was I left in doubt. With a snarl, low, deep, and ferocious ; with an arching and bristling of its immense back ; with its mouth grinning murder ; with one crouching step backward, as if to give itself more leverage for a spring.; and with a mighty rush, the Tiger was upon me. I fell as though smitten by a thunderbolt, a blood red light danced for an instant before my eyes, and then came a darkness as of death. My senses came back but slowly. I awoke by degrees to a consciousness of life, but of a life utterly dissevered from that of my former self. Where had I been, and what had happened to me? Ah, the tiger ! I re membered everything now. But even this reality, bad as it was, seemed hardly as terrible as the (loom which threatened me in my dream, if a dream it could be called. That dull, dead weight upon my chest, which even in my half-conscious state had seemed ponderous enough to gradually crash the breath out of me, was nothing more or less than the immense paw of the animal in whose power I now was, and the shifting of it had broken my vision just at the point where endurance ends, and madness or death supervenes. Tu that first moment of semi-conscious ness, after opening my eyes, I groaned slightly, and tried to turn over; but scarcely had I stirred a limb, when the tiger, which was crouching on the floor close to my shoulder, put forth his paw again, as though afraid I were going to escape him, and brought it down on the upper part of my right arm ; at the same moment his claws shot from their sheaths like so many hidden poniards, and pene trated through the thick cloth of my shooting-coat deep into my flesh. A shriek of anguish involuntarily escaped my lips, to which the beast responded with a muflied roar; and then for the second time I fainted. My poor scattered wits, on dragging themselves painfully together for the second time, seemed intuitively cognizant of the danger that beset me: Every nerve and fibre in my body seemed to whisper " Be are !" I was conscious of the pre sence of my terrible adversary before I opened my eyes; I felt that to move even an arm or a leg might be my death warrant; I lay there like one dead, slowly gathering my energies to meet the ordeal still before me. lie seemed to feel himself so thoroughly master of the situation, that he was in no hurry to proceed to extremities. Perhaps it was gratifying to his feelings to find one of the hated race of men so completely in his power. It was broad daylight by this time, and such of the familiar features of the room as I could see without stirring my head, were just as they had been left last night. Chi tiger, which I could only conclude to have escaped from some menagerie, had doubtless come prowling about the house in search of shelter, and finding the studio door invitingly open, had walked in, overturning the chair in his passage, and had made for himself a snug lair on some discarded drapery in one corner, till roused by my entrance. But for my carelessness in leaving open tihe door of the painting-roomn, I should never have foundumysolf in this sad plight. Instead of being close to the door by which I was standing when the tiger sprang upon me, I now found myself lying on a square of Persian carpet, and in close proximity to the second door which opened out of a corridor in the house. Immediately opposite to me, on the other side of the room, was the large old-fashioned window of which I have already spoken, towards which the tiger's back was now turned. In a direct line between the tiger and the window supported by two wooden uprights, and covered with green baize, stood the cheval glass, behind wvhich the window was partly hidden, one side only of it being visible from where i lay. All this time I had been gathering up my energies to meet the fate that loomed so imminuently before ume with whatever of courage asud composure was possible to me. My chances of escape seemed very fainth iudeed, but nione the less did I keep revolving one scheme after another in my brain-mnever more subtly active, never throbbing with a fuller lifo thanin that hour of my extremity-.only to reject them one by one as utterly hopeless. Alas! for me there seemed no help on earth. A dull vague despair, in spite of my efforts to thle contrary, was boginning to settle down over my soul, when, bringing my eyes to rest once more oni the hruto beside me, I saw, witsh a thrill of hope, that those unwavoring eyes lhad closed at last. He was asleep, with one paw laid against my shoulder, ready to grasp me should I offer to stir. A small matter, truly, to cause me to thrill with hope, but [ could niot hlelp accepting the fact, trifling as it was, as an augury of good promise. Lightly amd delicately the tiger slept-as lightly as any imaiden dreaming of her lover, and waiting for Ihis coming. I ventured to open miy eyes a little wider, und a mloiomeut afterwards, a sight mot my gaze which stirred my soul to its very Sdepths, and would hlave drawn from me some cry or movement of surprise, had Snot the painful lesson of a few min?tesa Sbefore bten still so fre'sl in my itmeory, What I saw was the white agonised face of my wife peering in through that corner of the window not hidden by the cheval glass, and Laura's face, scarcely less anguish-stricken, gazine over her shoulder. They had discover ed my .dangerous position ; would they be abl, to help me ? My wife's eyes and min met in a long, yearning, heartfelt gaz across the little space that kept us asun der. 1 had learned to read the language of those dear eyes years before, and their meaning was plain to me now. They told of love and pity in a way that no mere words could have done, and yet breathed, withal, a spirit of hope and consolation almost divine, as though wishing me not to forgot that both her fate and mine were in the hands of a merciful Power, without whose permission not even a sparrow can fall to the ground. Suddenly, Laura whispered something in my wife's ear, and a flash passed over the faces of both. Then Laura held up her hands in a way that mnade me grasp her idea in an instant. She was going to communicate with me by means of til manual alphabet- called by some people " the deaf and dumb alphabet"-with which we were both acquainted. One by one I spelled out the words as she formed them, letter by letter, with her fingers. Her first communication rans thus : "Courage. We are praying for you with our hearts, and working for you with our heads. We are trying to devise some means of rescue, and do not despair of success." Then they both kissed their hands to me, and went back out of sight. I knew that they would come again in a little while ; that they had merely left me in order to talk over some scheme of: es cape. But what chance of escape was there indeed for mel None, none that I could discern. Presently they returned, and Laura had Mim in her arms, whom she lifted up to look through the window at poor papa. The child was frightened when she saw the great brute beside me, and turning away, put her arms round her aunt's neck, and burst into sobs. A low growl from the tiger warned us all that the least dis turbance might be fatal to me. Laura took the child away, but my wife remained by the window, her hands clasped one in the other, her head drooping against the stonework, gazing at me through the panes with tearless despairing eyes. In a little while Laura and Mitn came back; and Mim, no longer terrified, now looked through the window at me, and smiled and kissed her hand. Then came another message, worked out by Laura's nimble fingers : "We have thought of a plan which, with Heaven's help, we hope will succeed. Lie per fectly still, and do not be surprised at anything you may see or hear. God bless you !" A minute or two later "my ears, preter. naturally alert during those terrible mo ments- indeed, all my senses at that time seemed to be preternaturally alive-de tected a faint rasping sound, which I had heard many a time before, only this time it was fainter and more cautious than usual. It was the noise made by Him when she opened the casement from the outside by means of her piece of crooked wire. Faint as the noise was, the tiger pricked .up his ears, and gave utterance to another low, deep-throated warning. The noise ceased for a little while, to com mence again about a minute later; and this time the beast did not deign to notice such a petty interruption of the prevailing quietude. In a little while the noise ceased, but whether the casement was now open or shut, I had no means of judging, hidden from view as that part of the window .was behind the cheval glass. B3ut even if they had succeeded in opening the casement, in which way could that fact conduce to my deliverance ? Had I even possessed the tiger's full permission to use such a mode of exit, the casement was far too small to admit of my passing through it. Laura coming back to the window, tele graphed to me the third time with her fingers : "All is prepared. Wait and be silent. Our hearts are with you." Dear ones ! that their hearts were with me, I never for one moment doubted ; ncr that whatever womanly wit, sharpened by the most devoted love, could do for my deliverance, would be accomplished by those two ! My wife, Laura and Mim were now all gone, and I was left alone with the sleep ing tiger. A short space of the most in tense silence followed, and then my ear, hungering anxiously for some sound, doe tected a faint rustling in the direction of the window, but so faint, so like a whisper of silence itself, that in any ordinary mood it would not have reached my senses at all. Although his eyes were still closed, and he was to all appearance asleep, Isaw, by a slight pricking of the tiger's ears, that the noise had not been unnoticed by him. It was with a feeling of sickening anxiety, which I should vainly try to describe, that I awaited whatever might happen next. With half-shut eyes I watched and waited. The intense silence of the room was unbroken. At once, without any warning sound or intimation of what was coming, I saw a wee white hand and slender white arm protruded from behind the cheval glass. " Great Heaven !" I cried to myself, " that is the hand and arm of my darling Mim !" and my eyes blurred over with tears, and all my heart went forth in a great silent cry to Heaven to protect and save my child. When I could bear to look again, the hand and arm were gone, but the object for which so much had been ventured was safely accomplished. Fastened to the curtain of green baize which covered the cheval glass were two brass rings, and to one of these ritngs Mini's little hand had now succeeded in hooking a thin cord : so much I at once discovered, altholiugh for what purpose the cord had been thus attached I was utterly at a loss to conceive. I was, however, far too anxious just then regarding Mim's safety to give more than a passing thought to any other sub ject, however strange. But so cautious, as well as brave, was my little darling, that not the faintest sound betrayed her presence, till, as I was afterwards told, she had reached the casement,- and was about to be drawn through it by her aunt, when her foot slipped, and her head coming in contact with the stone work of the window, she gave utterance to a low cry of pain. That cry thrilled through me; but no sooner did the tiger hear it, than he started up with a roar that seemed to shake the room, and the same instant the claws of hIis right foot buried themselves in my shoulder, only to be withdrawn the next mnoment, so as to enable him to turn himself round, which he did with oneo sudden swing of his huge body, standing now with his face to the choval glass and the window, from which point hle evidently sniflfed danger. Fortunately, he did not attempt to go near the window, otherwise poor Mim's fate must have been sealed before she could have escaped through the case ment. As it was, the brute contented himself with standing directly over my body, and giving utterance to a series of terrific roars, such as might well hava made the stoutest heart in my position quail with fear. Mim was safe by this time; I had a glimpse of her white face as the Broton nurse hurried with her past the window ; and I c'tld uew afford to turn my mind to the consideration of my own danger ; r mnd truly my prospect of deliverance - 4eomed at that moment a faint one in deed. The tiger's suspicious were thoroughly aroused. He had now taken t, walking round and rounld nme in an un ending circle, sniting at tme from time to time, and growling to himself, a?ile I ay with shut eves simulating death as closely as possible. Suddenly ho stopped n his walk, and fell back a pace or two C from me; and at the same instant there ourst from his throat a loud snarling yell, half of rage and half of fear. The cord hooked on to the ring by MIim had been pulled from outside the window; the sheet of green baize had fallen away from before the cheval glass, and the startled beast, turning at the sound, saw reflected therein another tiger and another man. With him to see and to act were one. His tail lashed his sides once or twice as lie stood gazing for a moment at this in truder on his territory; then, stillsnarl ing viciously to himself, with contracted body, and all his huge muscles quivering with excitement, he worked his way back ward almost to the door, so as to give himself more room for his spring; then all at once curving his body into an arch, and bringing his grinning muzzle nearly to the ground, he shot over me like a flash of yellow light, aiming straight at the reflection of himself in the glass. Carried by the immense impetus of his spring, he shot through the glass and the woodwork behind it, comning out on the other side, bleeding, and partially stunned, and quite as much frightened, I suspect, as either. But at the first sound of shivered glass, and oefore the scared beast had time to recover his presence of mind, the door behind me was suddenly opened, and my two good angels rushing in, seized me as I lay, and with a strength which at any other time would have astonished themselves, they lifted me lightly up, and swung me out of the room. It was the work of a moment. Laura's bold device had succeeded, and I was saved. The rage of the tiger was something fearful when he found out how he had been tricked, and that his prey had really escaped him. Later on in the day came the caravan-people from whose custody he had escaped on the previous night shortly after feeding-time, and in such a quiet cunning fashion, owing to one of the keepers having imperfectly fastened a small grating at the top of his den, that his departure was not discovered till daybreak. He had subsided into a fit of sulks by the time the keeper reached Maison Gris, and neither .coaxing nor threats could stir him out of the corner in which he had taken up his quarters, and there was no keeper bold enough to venture into the room to him. Ultimately, he was captured by means of a tempting shin of beef fixed in an iron cage, which he was obliged to enter before he could get at it, and once inside the cage, his liberty was gone. I was very ill for a long time, and nearly a year elapsed before my arm and shoulder were sufficiently recovered to enable me to use brush and pallet again. The scars 1 shall carry with me as long as I live. 