CHAPTER LYI. A CATA8TB0PHB. One winter evening, aa Boon m hia work was over for the day, Joseph locked the door of his smithy, washed himself well, pnt on clean clothes, and taking his violin, set ont for Test bridge: Mary was ezpeotiDg bim to tea. It was the afternoon of a holiday, and she had cloaed early. Was there ever a happier man than Joseph that night as he strode along the_footpath? A day of invigorating and manly toil behind him, folded np in the sense of work accomplished ; a clear sky overhead, beginning to breed stars; the pale amber hope of to-morrow's sunrise low down in the west; a frosty air aronnd him, challenging to the surface the glow of the forge which his day's labour had stored In his body; his heart and brain at rest with his Father in heaven: his precions violin nndcr his arm; before him the welcoming parlour, where two sweet women waiting his coming, one of them the brightest angel, in or out of heaven, to him and the prospect of a long evening of torrent mnsio between them—who, I repeat could have been more blessed, heart and soul, and body, than Joseph Jasper ? His being was like an all-sided lens concentrating all joys in the one heart of his consciousness. God only knows how blessed He could make us if we would but let him! He pressed his violin- case to his heart, as if it were a living thing that could know that he loved it. Before he reached the town, the stars were out, and the last of the sunset had faded away. Earth was gone, and heaven was all. Joseph was now a reader, and read geology and astronomy: " Fve got to do with tbem all!" he said to himself, looking up. "There lie the fields of my future, when this chain of gravity is unbound from my feet! Blessed am I here now, my God, Bnd blessed shall I be there then." When he reached the suburbs, the light of homes was shining through eurtaias of all colours. " Every nest has its own birds," said Joseph;" every heart its own joys!" Just then, he was in no mood to think of the sorrows. But the sorrows are sickly things and die, while the joyB are strong divine children, and shall live for evermore. When he reached the streets, all the shops he passed were closed, except the beer-shops and the chemists'. "The nettle and the dook!" said Joseph. When he reached Mary's chop, he turned into the conrt to the kitchen-door. " Through the kitchen to the parlour!" he said. " Through the smithy to the presence chamber! Oh my God—through the mud of me, up to Thy righteousness!" He was in a mood for musio—was he not ? One might imagine the violin under his arm was possessed by an angel, and, ignoring his ears, was playing straight into hia heart!" Beenie let him in, and took him np to the parlour. Mary came half way to meet him. The pressure as of heaven's atmosphere fell around him, calming and elevating. He stepped across the floor, still, stately, and free. He laid down hia violin, and seated himself where Mary told him, in her father's armchair by the fire. Gentle nothings with a down of rainbows were talked until tea was over,and then without a word they set to their music—Mary and Joseph, with their own hearts and Letty for their audience. They had not gone far on their way to fairy land, however, when Beenie called Letty from tbe room, to speak to a friend and customer, who had come frem the country on a sudden necessity for something from the shop. Letty, finding herself not quite equal to the emergency, came in her turn to call Mary: abe went as quiet as if she were leaving a tiresome visitor. The music was broken, and Joseph left alone with the dumb instruments. But in his hands solitude and a violin were sure to marry in music. He began to play, forget himself utterly, and, when the customer had gone away satisfied, and the ladies returned to the parlour, there he stood with hia eyes closed, playing on, nor knowing they were beside him. They sat down, and listened in ailenoe. She had not listened long before Mary found - herself strangely moved. Her heart seemed to swell np into her throat, and it was all she could do to keep from weeping. A little longer and she was compelled to yield, and the silent tears flowed freely. Letty too was overcome more than ever she had been by musio. She was not so open to its influences as Mary, but her eyes were full, and she sat thinking of her Toni, far in the regions that are none the leas true that we cannot see them. A mood bad taken shape in the miud of the blacksmith, and wandered from its home, seek ing another country. It is not the ghosts of evil deeds that alone take shape, and go forth to wander the earth. Let but a mood ue_ strong enough, and the soul, clothing itself in that mood as with a garment, can walk abroad and haunt the world. Thus in a garment of mood whose colour and texture was musio, did the soul of Joseph Jasper that evening, like a home less ghost, come knocking at the door of Mary Marston. It was the very being of the man, praying for admittance, even as little Abel mighthave crept up to the gate from wbioh hia mother had been driven, and seeing nothing of the angel with the flaming aword, knooked and knocked, entreating to be let in, pleading that all was not right with the world in which he found himself. And there Mary saw Joseph stand, thinking bimaelf alone with hia violin; and the violin was his mediator with her, and was pleading and pleading for the admittance of its master. It prayed, it wept, it implored. It cried aloud that eternity waa very long, and like a great palace without a quiet room. "Georgeous is the glory," it sang; "white are tbe garments and lovely are the faces oi the holy: they look upon me gently and sweetly, but pitifully, for they know that I am alone— yet not alone, for I love. Oh, rather a thousandfold let me love and be alone, than be content and joyous with them all, free of this pang which tells me of a bliss yet more com plete, fulfilling the gladness of heaven!" All tbe time, Joseph knew nothing of where his soul was; for he thought Mary was in the shop, and beyond the hearing of hia pleader. Nor was this exactly the shape the thing took to tbe consciousness of tbe musician. He seemed to himself to be etanding alone in a starry and moonlit niitht, among roses, and sweet peas, and apple-blossome, for the soul cares little for the seasons, and will make its own month out of many. On tbe bough of an apple-tree, in the fair moonlight, eat a nightingale, swaying to and fro like one mad with the wine of his own music, singing as if he wanted to break hie heart and have done, for the delight was too muoh for mortal creature to endure. And the song of the bird grew the prayer of a man in the brain and heart of the musician, and thence burst, through tbe open fountain of the violin, and worked what it could work, in the world of toreee. " I lore thee! I love thee! I love thee!" cried the violin; and the worship wu entreaty that knew not itself. On and on it went, ever beginning ere it ended, as if it could never come to a close j and the two sat listening as if they cared but to hear, and would listen for ever—listening as if when the sound ceased all would be at an end, and chaos come again. Ah, do not blame, thou wbolovest God, and fearest the love of the human! Hast thou yet to learn that the love of the human is love, is divine, is but a lower form of a part of the love of God P When thou lovest man, or woman, or ohild, yea, or even dog, aright, tben wilt thou no longer need,that I tell thee bow God and His Christ would not be content with each other alone in the glories even of the eternal original, love, because they could create more love. For that more love, together they suffered, and: patiently waited. He that loveth not his brother whom be hath seen, how shall he love God whom he hath not seen ? A sob, like a bird new born, burst from Vary's boeom. It broke the enohantment in whioh Joseph was bound. That enohantment had possessed him, usurping as it were the throne of bis life, and displaoiDg it; when it ceased, he was not his own master. He started — to conscious confusion only, neither knowing where he was nor what he did. His limbs for the moment were hardly his own. How it happened he never could tell, but he brought down his violin with a crash against the piano, then somehow stnmbled and all but fell. In the aot of recovering himself, be heard the neck of hta instrument part from the body with a tearing discordant cry, like the sound of the ruiu of a living world. He stood up, understanding now, holding in his hand his dead music, and regard ing it with a smile sad as a wi tter sunset gleam ing over a grave. But M*;y darted to him, ttrew her arms round him, laid her head on his bosom, and bnrst into tears. Tenderly he laid his broken violin on the tiiano, and, like one receiving a gift straight from the hand of the Godhead, folded his arms aronnd the woman enough, if musio itself had been blotted from his universe! His violin was broken, but his being was made whole! his treasure taken—type of bis self, and a woman given him instead! " If s just like Him!" he murmured. He was thinking of Him who, when a man was brought Him to be delivered^from a poor palsy, forgave him his sins. 