a doxIPLE;6F*;<<bIJPB,, < \- v : A<50. ,BX. N./WfETEB SWJLN, v-jTbe face iha£-seemed to be the blankest ■and-barrenest there was that of Bichard Tracey.... He sat four seats from the front of 'the grand-stand, and the'slight shadow' of pain which-had &een; upon <hiin from the first "seemed to hare deepened' into bewilderment that carried a sense of ruin. Tracey's drawn ifeatureswere thoseof a manwho had staked ;hislast hope and saw it snatched away. The dast cry Gild die last cheer of the seething -crowd above andbelow him was all that had ^enteEedinsaniiUl. It reverberated through brain and' thought ■with echoes that died away and swelled back again^—like the ,-fplmne of an ;organ. peaL like a distant pleader ciy, like the blare of a multitude. He hadlost, .and itwasno -wonder if his white ,handetremblpd, or:if,when he felt absently .for i his. book, .he could not find it. The clasgourof Toioefl^ the people away before Jrim, the sweeping pourpe that had helped to rain him, invaded by eager .thousands, died away, and there was nothing presented in its stead but blankness.. -fie looked across the beautiful Spring day,. over the rustle and hollowness of silk and laughter, and nothing rj^esepted itself but a great numb blank, with a, dim writing upon it, that he knew but dared not read. . It was a sentence of disgrace and social death. There is no tale oftener told than this—not indeed by novelists, but .. by every newspaper in the country. In their columns is . to be seen, week by week, the same story, of shame, and sin and brokemxess, always with the same weary surroundings. : Xracey.was likeinany another. Alone in the I world, he would have been, brave .enough to , standup and defy it. He -would have laughed at its greedy clamour and defied its dishonour - able codes of honour. If the cravers that he { must soon meet were all he had to think of fce would have laughed at tbeir evil eyes, but ' there was more. Not 6 miles from, where he sat stood the rose-covered Alfred Cottage with itpwide wandah and its peace among the riiadowB-ipthebmit'hingg of., the..honey suckles. There would be waiting for him there on that evening a lady with reverent hair, and with a love that had never faltered and a pride always centered in the lonely looking man with the drawn face four seats from the front of the grand stand. Beside feer is waiting his yellow-haired sister with her fair patrician face and that rare smile of welcome lie thought so win ning, Bat for these two figures, one sforheautiful in the calm of the winter, and ~$he coming of the twilight, the other bo .bright in the spring time ■thatjiad -come waiting for the mellow summer thereafter—the path of one goigg so&ly; down to peace, the path of tfoe- other. going up among the flowers towards happiness and bles sings —what need to have oared for all the rnsh and roar that was around him withi; the,, terror that was within ? That', morning the two iaoes were the £ride and joy of his life, but they eld^fearifor him now worse than death/ as hesat there drawn and blanS. 2 "STowtthen, Dickj" said a young fellow, -wbrkingtowiirds him amongst .the 'ee&te; andthe.gay dresses with exaltation on his fregji face, " the cup Is- ove# a^idj you tola me-to come for y°pi^.yP*t $nGW- I've won the last bwb^p -ind ^Barbara gets the gloves. Mra£'ftacey/ said I was never lucky. LooE&ereV;" disclosing a sovereign and k orown-piece in his hand, " come on, I'm in ; haste to tell Barbara. Why, DicV, what's the matter? Areyon £11 i"?~and quick concern came \- - •* - 1--1—J -i. I.J to the speakers lace as ne iwmwu m uu friend. .... Tracey sat storing before Jam as unwitting of the voice €h£t fiaa spoken asof the human fignret SfefoiS Tfini.ffleitiier the picture of the laW ^ifli ifca infolded trains and con trasts of cdIour;iQtirflie masses of life beyond, caught his'eye. 3Jtert - was another picture before him" atid Ahere was a purpoBe in it not oonsonant '^with' the' gaiety and sheen of all else beaderhim^and of the .bright day around and beyond Mm. v "" The "young7 fellow stooped low and spoke gravely : "^People would* tiiink you were mad if £hey saw; your faoenow. Whatever it is ails you^let us get home,' the people are beginning' toobserve you. ' Are you strong enough to comers ' Tracey seemed to shiver and pull himself together. He quietly buttoned up his ooat, patiently and ". tremblingly,. returned the book to his pocket and- looked at his friend. ■ '-'WhatwereySusaying, Charley ?" _ . " That you look, as if . you. were very ill, as if you had; suffered spine'sudden blow.. The people- are -beginning _ to stare at you,. Dick. Are -your«teong anough to come home.?" <-• • ' . ' ; . r^: • Traoey pulled bis hat leaf down over his face and nose. . '' I/don't think I ani , strong enough to go home—that is not: yet. ■ Let us try whataaiglaes of brandy will do,V In an h<mr a returning tr^in. landed both on the platform of the laiiwaytstetion, and they stood for a vhilelooking np and down the empty- streets, almost entirely swept of life And. £ull of .sun and silence. " Give me your arm . while we walk, Charley.'7. Be had not spoken to his com panioB since * thBy left the- course till now, and his voice was-low. and level and solemn. > .Charley .looked and listened in a frightened way. Such pleasure as the day > bad brought him appeared to. have .gone; such successes as be bad met. with > were forgotten. " You asked me just now; on the grand stand of I-felt strong enough to go home. I mean & while ago. ■ How long is it since ?" . u About an hour-." . n " The hours travel quickly then; I thought misfortune made them slow,'' and, the, speaker laughed .aimlessly. ' ' I was going to say that I awarat strong semmgli Ufgo home, and.yon must go without: me.,,. I* made an important engagement since the Cup race, -and just before you; camfe. I purpose fulfilling that engagement ;first." Charley stopped, and looked earnestly at the speaker. " Listen, we'll drive home and engage a wTiole cab to our two selves, Dick. "Listen," and he shook the money in his pocket. "It won't be extravagant on a day like this.1' The face of the elder remained impassive, and Charley's 'hand found its way to his shoulder. " Look at me, Dick—look at me in the eyes." " Mr. Tracey looked at tie speaker wearily for a moment, as a sudden look of expression and yearning- came to hisface. He put his hand hastily before his eyes, and stood thus a moment besidehis waiting friend alonein the still street, below the sun that was splashing the windows with gleam, and painting the spires, and stealing with its impartial brightness to alleys. that were dank with orgie. < When he took his band away, his face wore the expression that his friend hadfirst noticed, but-there was tenderness in his eyes. "It's no nsej Dick," and there was a quiver of fear and affection on the sensitive mouth; "you must come with me. Dear old Dick 2 I cannot go without you. Ton will come?" and the speaker's hand crept from the man's shoulder towards bis face in a boyish, caressing fashion. <. Mr. Bicliard Tracey said, loudly enough to be beard, had anyone been near them on the street, " I will not go with you ; my engage ment is a private one, and I intend to keep it. Good-bye." Charley was turning slowly in the direction of home,-but Tracey hesitated, andcameback hurriedly, with his hand held, out in saluta tion, " Good-bye. God bless you." When Charley Fern walked -across the paddocks from the omnibus towards the rest fulness of Alfred Cottage, the sun was grow ing yellow, and the shadows longer. The noise of the returning traffic was beginning to drift up from thle road, just penetrating the repose that was in the heavy branches of the pines. The little garden and lawn were walled in by hedge, blossomed with briar and rose. Behind it was the patchwork of flowers, and beyond the sea; The dark shade of one ! of the trees had stretched away aerosB the i path, and spanned the gravel from its root to j the verandah, where it was mingling with, tracery of creepers, white with bloom, and ] 'filled with fragrance. When be opened the gate he saw the afternoon's brightness on Barbara's yellow hair, and near by a face that' was gray and tranquil. They were watching the sirn spinning threads among the leaves, and waiting for the sound of footsteps. The calls of birds were around them, striking through the wide, faint monotone of the sea.' "Whereis Dick?" asked Barbara meet ing him in the flush of the sunset. "He; promised to return?' Partly the sunlight, partly the darker back ground of the house and the flowers that lived around.it, made Charley Fern forget the question for. the questioner, and yet he could ,not, forget entirely the foreboding he carried, with him when he and Tracey -separated. " What a picture you would make if your portrait were, taken now, Barbara, in the middle of this sunset, with that background of flowers. How peaceful everything seems here. The dust is rising on the road not a quarter of a mile away; look at it yonder with the sun colouring it into a golden mist, and here is nothing'but freshness and green-. nesB and bloom. I won five-and-twenty shillings, and you have won the gloves. 'Look," and he showed the girl the money as he had shown it to her brother at the grand •stand. !i-j.P. Where is "Richard. Charley ?" ... -t Mrs. Tracey was standing near her daugh ter, and the question came so earnestly out of the pine shade that it silenced the speaker, seeming to show him the face he had parted with in the empty sunny street. Charley replied -with a new expression and a somewhat unsteady voice :■ "'He told me in the city he had a short private engage ment to keep." "A. short private engagement? He had none this morning." " I went to him immediately after the Cup was run, and "found him sitting staring at the Mat as if he had,dreamed a dream or been stupefied with a blow—" "Theft is - is ill," Charles Fern, and you are here without him." .: Charley'felt something like a gasp in bis throat as he went on to say : "I asked hi™ at "the stand to come home with me, but " he did not seem to hear,: for sojme |ame.: /After- appear ing to think forya "While", he rose and left with me for fewnc5 iWfien th&re;, he said he made the engagenj£hi just after the cup was ran, and before I reached him, and he must fulfil it." .. ^ 1 ^The sound of the. traffic, on the road had grown faint, the d^jr had deepened into twilight, the voiceB of the birds had ceased. .'] Mrs. Tracey moved out from the darkness of the shade as silently as the shadows them selves were falling, and the folds of her dark . dress minted and merged with them, but her face and white hair were as distinct in the duskaa her voice was distinct on. the. silence. • ; " Did Richard say he would come home ?" " He said his engagement was a short one." " It is growing cold Barbara; go inside Mr. Fern, arid-l ean speak here." < Charley -saw the white' figure moving away slowly above the sound of walking upon the path, until the deepening twilight , hid it, and the quiet of the finished day rested on both like a listening pause.: ''Now take your time;'Charley; call upon your memory for every episode of the day since you joined my son, and' tell me all you know, and all that is in your thoughts. God help me; I feel a foreboding of sorrow!" It might have been the something .of sup plication that was in the firm voice he had known so long. ' It might - be that- his own fear for his-mend was roused," but he told what he knew brokenly, as if he also felt the e vraa a sorrow, coming. " And, oh ! believe me, Mrs. Tracey, I put my hand upon ' his -shoulder as I used to do when I was a , boy, I mean younger than I am," he explained 1 with a stammer, , . ■ "and the "words I said were, 'Dear old ' Dicklcan'tgo home ■withoutyou.' Then he answered sharply and loudly, but there was no one in the street to hear, that his engagement was private." . Her voicesounded broken and. dis|»nfc the darineBs as she spoke again; . This is not like my son. I do ' not re cognise him. What else ?■ I am waiting and afraid." "I turned to leave, and he turned, then came., back -a . few steps, holding . out his hand." Fern could imt ' just hear the lady's > voice, and .he knew if there had been light he would hare seen tears on her fac3. "What did he say ?» " He said good bye, and God bless you." In a moment her pale face was close to the speaker's, and her-hands were holding his. " Charley Fern, for your poor mother's sake I have watched over you and loved you next to jay own these .many years. You will do my wish now as you always have, my son. You are my only and best dependence. This night you mnst go back to town and. find. Richard." Her hand had found his .shoulder, just as his own had found and rested on her son's a few hours before and with like persuading. "Do not return to Alfred Cottage without him." Fern could not see the face, but he could feel the trembling hand. There was a pause; the silence seemed heavier than, before. " Did you ever know Dick to gamble ?" Charley felt the hand close upon his shoulder, and he knew the tone of bereavment and fear that was in the answer. "Yes." "Do not stay up, Mrs. Tracey. At any i hour of the night, or of the day, when I hare found him, I will return." "Go 5 see, it is dark, the lights are shining' out from the Bay, and from the town. Charley, there is great danger. I can feel it, t as though I knew now what I shall know ■ hereafter. Hemember there are sleepless■ eyes and, maybe a breaking heart at Alfred Cottage. I can only pray ; the friend of the widow and of the fatherless, He will help you.". The voice broke in sobs. He put his strong, young arm round her' gently, and held her hand, as he led her to the verandah. He saw another figure flitting up before them, and when he brought the ■widow to the darker darkness, where the climbing flowers were, her daughter's arms were waiting, and her daughter's voice spoke bravely. , The day was well advanced towards the afternoon when Mr. Tracey, looking curiously tired and dusty, found his way to the hotel, where the gay and honourable men assemble who belong to the sporting circle. The blooming wearers of blazing stones and heavy watch chains, and heavier faces—badness in eyes andspeech—hadnotyet come. They were away using, their metallic pencils on the sward, contemplating their wives in the colours and silks they had pecked from pigeons, and otherwise bustling and aggres sive with odds and lusty curses. There were other pale and drawn faces in the Stand in not a few seats of the front, or from the front. They were scattered manywheres these drifts of fortune with the anathema of specu lation on them. But the sporting men, with their books and bets, and battered codes of honour, were in huge form, exultant red and loud. They had not yet returned from their harvest, and their hungering eyes were still greedy above their figures. The counters of the hotel where the honour able circle congregated Were silent, when Tracey entered. The hawks had not, flown homeward yet, to Bhriek the odds for i the following diy and ruffle themselves' above the chances. The barmaids were dressed-and silent, -waiting- for the irruption, and this waiters saw Traeey walk wearily in towards one of the private rooms. He paused- for a moment, came back to the counter and drank some brandy, then entered and closed the door. A waiter of super natural observation drew a napkin through his hand and observed to a companion how he thought " that 'ere cove was hard hit." Traoy closed the door quietly behind him and sat down, • He took a little phial from his pocket and pulled the paper from' it, on which was printed a druggist's warning of poison. He looked at the liquid with a set despair ing face. : In a few minutes he would be away, over the threshold and into the gloom of the unknown, Where were the sorrowful faces aghast of so n&ny; who hiad halted on the highway to heavjjn. Then rose before him the faoe ?of his mother. . It came to him &s; he had known it in the past, bright with life and happiness, and? filled with, a love for him^ that was almost Worship. Not so long kgo, it now- seemed to him, he remembered that face -upon the^ sonde, when the clear sky line ruled his sight from the distant lands and the far seas she had told him of. As plainly then as on the days that were in those past years, came before him the green of the pasture lands and the sombre tints where the heath blossom gleamed, and the great organ ^ooks eohoingjlback. the" music of the. sea i—there the tender faoe, with its light that was all for him, with its mother's trust jand pride, and the wondering eyes of Barbara near. These followed him; these were (drawing,him hack,across the years into the timeB when the days seemed so full of hope and love.. sThey were in every picture that floated by; .they were, with him in the evening times when the sacredness of the dying day clothed with golden blessing the silent trees -and the distant, mountains; when the sadness , that is not sorrow , fell - upon: him,- mixed with hope for the future : and the coming days when he should go out for them in the sun rise of. life to discharge the debt that had made his so happy, and bestowed upon it so much that was beautiful and fair. While these thoughts were with him the phial lay in his palm, and with them he drifted from the past into the future. His mother's hair was white now; how would her tranquil face look when she received the news ? He could picture-the hopelessness and the deso As plainlyihen as.pn tie days that were in those past years, came before him the ^greeb - of the pastnre laaiiis and the sombre tints where "the heath -[blossom gleamed, and the great organ- rocksechoing back the. music of the sea. lafcion of it. How would he have returned the blessings and the love he had enjoyed ? Her eon, afraid to meet his own work, and coward enough to seek death, found dead in a " sporting" hotel, she wrecked of every thing, and without the consolation of the memory of him, that he was also ahout to wreck. Her home, her means of living, her support (rone, doubly widowed, and hopeless and lost. And Barbara, with her bright hair and noble face, toiling for the susten ance that he should have toiled for, unpro tected, and trampled on by the hurrying feet of the striving world—the refined home gone, mother and sister adrift—where ? Mr. Richard Tracey raised his hand, and the little crystal thing he had spent so long in trying to obtain was shivered in fragments below the grate, while a perfume as* of almonds or of wattle blossom filled the room. He had no idea whether the pictures which swam before him had occupied an hour or three. The room was dark, and the Bounding of feet and hum of voices from which oath and malediction shot,beat against the door. A thin' line of light crept under | it at the threshold from where the voices were wrangling and jarring, where hoarse laughter shook them, emphasised with calls and jangling glasses. From his window he could see thecalm stars and the quivering pathway the moon was making on the * sea. The temptation had beBn overcome, but the trial he had determined to avoid was waiting, bitterer than ever. He had wrecked his home, and in his recklessness had thrown his mother's and sister's money to the greed that was surging out beyond the line of light ruled there at the door. Voices stopped at it and passed it j disordered and triumphant men rolled against it and staggered on—past the scene of a bitterer struggle than any on the course that day. Tracey listened in a stupor of mental exhaustion. A hand came out of the babel, fell upon the handle, hesi tated, and left it. Shouts of anger and mocking voices came in across the narrow line of fight. How long would they and the flaring pandemonium have halted if he had been carried out stark ? Such was the world, or a part of it, on which he contemplated turning his mother and sister adrift. Grod help him • be learned over towards the window silently, and, chastened by the rest that was in .the silver night and the beauty that was in the glitter of the distant sea, he prayed and wept. " In there, sir, the gent weht, but that were in the afternoon, said the discrimin ating, waiter^ pointing to the door. And the door that had shut him witli'Im thoughts 80 long, opened vide and the glare and confusion tided in. Richard Tracey was over by the window, looking wliifce, before the dim light that met the darkness. Charley Fern was on the threshold, looking bewildered and nervous. He had wandered everywhere he could think of, and the present was his third visit to the honour able circle of sporting gentlemen. The waiter slipped in nimbly, and the room became as bright as the bar beyond. " Oh, Dick, I—I have been searching for you since eight o'clock, and Mrs. Tracey is frightened and heartbroken, fearing that something has happened. Thank Q-od I have found you alive and well—that is middling. Dick, let.ua go home j I was getting afraid, too 5 it is past midnight." " Sit down, Charley; I want to speak to y°u." " Wait till we get home, Dick. You look like a ghost." Mr. Tracey went on without heeding the request: "I told you to-day I was. not Btrong enough to go home, and that I had an engagement to keep. I am scarcely, strong enough to go home even now, and I have not kept the engagement I made. If it' had been fulfilled you would have found me lying dead, on that sofa. Do you see those sparkling pieces of glass below the grate and smell the perfume of almonds"? I cast the temptation from me, Charley Fern, and did not commit suicide." The pale, nerveless face, and the unsteady boding of the eyes, so altered his friend to Charley Fern that he scarcely knew him. Did you ever see a man weeping? If you had been here an hour or hours ago, I cannot tell when, you would have seen, me here weeping and praying. Oh! the trial will be terrible! and I am not yet strong enough to go home and disclose to them their misery." " Their misery ?" "Their misery; that they are penniless out casts and beggars, that the old home, our old home Charley, is lost to us, that their shares in the railway- and the bank, are lost, that bills are unpaid, and that I—" he struck his breast savagely with his open hand, " whom they looked to as their support have brought all this ruin and disgrace upon them. Look at me well Charley Fern, I have done it all." "But—" " Ay, you would ask how I have done it?" Seeking to retrieve losses under the cursed Bpell of the gambling spirit, I plunged with my mother's] and sister's money time after time and I tried to win it all back this Gup. He laughed and -wiped the sweat from his forehead and hie wet, brown hair. "You stay with us till after the holidays, Charley, till after the holy Christmastide that used to be so happy in the old house. It is your last Christ mas visit my dear old friend; you will see us as of old no more. I am as strong as most men and I can slave and toil, bat, oh! my mother and my sister, and the dis grace of it. And all through me whom they trusted and honoured and loved." The face of Charley Fern was as white as the speaker's now, but for all his whiteness and his fear, he said slowly and solemnly as if he had aged, 91 shall see more of yo u than ever. What is to be done cannot be done here Dick, let us go home." They roBe and went out and as they crossed the brightly lighted place, shouldered and cursed at by drunken men wild with debauch, the name Richard Tracey was called hurriedly. He faltered an instant, but his friend's arm was linked in his, bearing him away from the cries and throes of the Btrivinsr concourse. " Come on," whispered Charley Fern sternly between his teeth, " they have eiven us trial and sorrow enough. Your mother is praying and watching and waiting. Thank Q-od, you have escaped and that I have found you. Dick this is terrible." The light was filtering out from the win dow upon the dark firs as Tracey and Fern walked up to Alfred Cottage. Tracey envied the repose that seemed all around, and half regretted that he too was not lying stilled from the trouble that was coming, and the blank and prospeotless future that was so surely settliug down. The door was opened gently, and the friends entered with the manner of trespassers carrying some message of sorrow. In the widow's eyes there Waa only a look of thankfulness. Across her old face so beautiful with the seal of years there travelled an expression of intense relief, and the calmness that trial and shadows in the past had wrought upon her came back. "You are lafe, Riohard; your absence frightened us, and Charley here "kindly undertook to find you." The words were uttered in the* lady's quietest tone and in her gentle way, but Fern caught the look of thankfulness and gratitude she gave him, and felt rewarded and proud, notwithstanding the cloud that was soon to break. Mrs. Tracey lookel for a moment keenly at her son's face, and roBe hurriedly with a new expression on hers—an expression of firmness and of suffering. " "Will you have anything to eat, Barbara has gone to bedP" The hand of Mrs. Tracey that rested on the table was trembling, though she looked so calm of manner and spoke so quietly. There was fear in her eyes, and the shadow of some returned pain on her face. "Mother," said Tracey, disguising nothing of the situation in voice or look or gesture. The less disguised that his voice was cold, that his eyes were hot and glitter ing, that his face was set and pitiless. " Do you know what I am and what I have done P You do not know—how could you ?—that I have been a traitor to you and to my sister, and that I, whom you trusted and loved as— as only a mother like you oan love, have ruined you both. Xou do -not possess a farthing in the world, it is all gambled and gone ; and this home "—he stopped for a moment with the light full on his blanched features, and held his hand out before him as pointing to it—" is lost to you for ever. D 3 you quite comprehend, mother, that the son you loved eo through every year and. hour of his life that he can remember, has robbed you and your daughter so oompletely that you may be outcasts in the street to morrow, and that from- the sorrow and misery of the coming Christmas time there is no escape P That son has been for hours to-day standing on the verge of eternity. It was not the fear of .the darkness that detained him. Death offered peace, and the grave would hide his shame. It was his mother's face, as he had known it years ago, as he knows it now, that saved the wotild-be suicide from the crowning act of treachery:?' Mrs. Tracey's lips had quivered more than once. The rising and falling of her breast told how the .words had reached her, but she felt what her son would say before he spoke. It was the bearing of a trial she had borne before. Her husband's face was with her in the face of her son, telling a like -story thus pitilessly against himself/ That was. thirty years ago, and'together they had fought the loss and won the .fight. Ohoe beyond the chasm, it was passed for ever^- The union of the. struggle .had .united' them -closer, and deepened their love. .Often from the bright- - ness surrounding them they had looked back to that time to see how . strength and light were revealed through darkness,' and to acknowledge the guiding hand. And Mrs. Tracey lifted up heir grand grey face, bright and hopeful, and filled with trength and yearning. " Richard Tracey is my son, for whom I shall never feel ashamed. He has erred, he has sinned, but the danger has passed and the trial has begun. His mother is brave enough and strong enough still to face mis fortune,- and her daughter "—her voice shook and failed a moment, but she went on steadily—" and her daughter is strong and brave too. The Christmas days that are coming may find us in distress, and their brightness may be gloomed, but they will never find us in despair. My son has brought to me the gift of his life. 'All that I have is thine.' " Richard Tracey sat down silent'with his unaltered face. There were tears in Charley Fern's eyes, hut he hicl them in the shadow. That early morning, when the moon had passed and the-only sound abroad was in great hustings of the constant sea, Mrs. Tracey opened the door of her daughter's room and came softly to ,heir bedside. * • Dick is back, mother. I could not sleep till I heard his voice." " Barbara, my child, we will sleep together and together await the light. X am grow ing old, and our iright may be very long." There were the marks of tears ana of deeper lines below her wintry hair. News of the illness of Richard Tracey was conveyed to the office, but it was not sus pected that he was sick unto death of that portion of his past life which had ended with the contemplation of his dark departure. He lingered for weeks on the border land in fever, amongst the pictures that had come to him in the sporting hotel and held Mm back from passing beyond the curtain into the shadows. The air that came down softly from the hills to meet the breathings of the sea, and the tender fragrance and freshness it carried from the flowers and the forest, were the blessings of the day, but the dark ness of the coming storm was lingering and inevitable behind. His home, his mother and sister had never before seemed so beauti ful as now. The preciousness of the happi ness he had flung away with reckless hands was never so clear before. Every figure that approached him might be the bearer of the first tidings of the wreck, and his mother and sister, and Charley Fern, knowing all, were braver than he. If he saw a line or a darkening thought ! upon his mother's face, bitter- - uphraidings swept him like a storm; and brave Charley had been busy gaining knowledge and asking questions day by day for his information. Charley had found a cottage ; he had learned that Tracey's employers were feeling tlie want occasioned by his absence, but of all subjects there was no mention of the fatal Cup day or its sorroundings. As his mother's hand had supported him by the sea so many years ago, her arm supported him now, but more thaii all her undaunted heart and her unshaken faith and trust. The Christmas season,at least, was the time f pr thankfulness; from it the. grace reached her that enabled her to keep hope and look out steadily on the trial. It was the time for happiness and gratitude, for a gift that was greater than all that could be lost. Why should she repine at a time when the voices of angels had swept the sky in praise above the humble Bethlehem and below tbe Stars ? One day before the gleamings that were dazzling and shooting at them from the waters: —" If I nad but told you all,mother,before the ruin came. If you but knew my fear for you and the contempt for myself when I looked at your peaceful face so beautiful to me below the age it carries. To you I owe a second life." And she looked upon him with infinite tenderness and pride, and said, " I am glad to see you more hopeful and stronger for the coming trouble. The darkness of it is nearly over, and there will come soon the shining of the true light. Here is Charley hurrying down from the house. He is troubled by the way he walks, Richard. The lightness and buoyancy seem to have left his figure. This is the beginning of it, my son, be strong." Charley looked at Mrs. Tracey with an air so unmistakeably embarrassed that the lady walked away towards the cottage—-maybe for the last time she could call it hers—and as she walked her sight was blurred with tears, and alone she bore her ^burthen of the tribula tion. " Dick," spoke Charley, hurriedly looking round. " Do you remember the night of the Cup day when we walked through the crowd of sporting men out of the hotel, and one shouted out your name—a tall, handsome man all aglitter with studs and chains, and a flowing beard ?" " I remember the night but dimly, Charley; but I recognise the man you mean, he answered as a suspicion of the old blank came to his face. He met me in the street to-day, and asked where you were, and he seemed so indignant that you had not called on him. He gave me this letter, which he said he would have sent to you long ago, but. that he was not certain of your address. Never mind, Dick, the sooner it is over the better. There is the letter." Charley, all hot and anxious as he was, stood for a moment irresolute, but when he saw the suffering on his friend's face, he too, walked slowly towards the cottage. Mr. Tracey read— Sib,—Although that decision of them stewards makes you the winner, I've half a mind not to pay. If you don't choose for to put in an appearance I'm if I am going to look after yer sugar, and you the heaviest clincher of the lot that I have got.. Two-thirds of my Cup profits are gone on the softest thing I had, at least I thought so, and it would hev been, only Pluto ran inside. I never knew a man too proud to come for his coin yet, but you. I now send you a cross cheque for £3500, and please acknow ledge receipt, prompt. I wouldn't hev gone to this trouble only we hev done business be fore, which I hope is not the last. I'll take 10 to 1 on Oberon or 6 to 1 on Spencer, that's short enough odds. I know after this vrm'11 give me a lift to get my book round. —Yours, Josiah Herbert. F.S.—1 hear you liev more bets of the same sort out. Don't lose no more time about getting, them in. The faolisher. the. Jbetis the better the luck sometimes. Don't. toAViti Stockings, he has gone crwketj, J. H. Richard Tracey turned giddy d,n4 sat down. to think. In the vague whirl of hie thoughts he remembered that as matters had turned out owing to the "stewards' decision he must be one of the heaviest of the winners. The 61bud had no sooner fallen than it was lifted.: The sorrow of the trial had been passed through, and it had taught its own merciful lesson. The hand that had brought him through the darkest passage of his life waa full of gifts, arid carried a warning never to be forgotten. Behind the dark Christmas, cloud was. brightness, and the cloud was big with blessing. ■ When Tracey entered the cottage his mother started in fear at his face, not knowing what the change meant. The expression that had been gradually deserting him for so long had returned, and tlie look she bo well remembered in the boy's face on the sands was back again to the man once -more. " Bichard, what—what is—your face is different. What is the happiness and why the joy that have oome to you." • • • • • Said Charley Fern, pleadingly, in the garden: "You called me your son that night, and I brought him back. Let me have the right to call yon mother." And Mrs. Tracey took his fresh strong face in her white hands, drew it towards her, and kissed his forehead. "Charley, my son," and there was great love and softness in her voice, " my Christmas gift to you will be the greatest a mother can bestow. Bar bara is yours." Marsupial Meditations; Or what is yonder " old man' thinking, Backing 'garnet the "stringy bark." Does he ponder, idly dreaming, Meditating questions dark ? Does he wonder at the seeming Want of thought, that all his order "Were not mentioned, nor gazetted In the schedule of the ark P Is he hurt that, while the lion, Tiger, elephant, giraffe, Species, great~and;small, mam mnlinn {'cepting.his, [unique, Austra lian) Were made "note o'f in thejboat of Captain Noah, of ancient his " Tell us," old man, " what's the myst'ry ?" His eyes have lost their soft ness tender. Fear, his troubled gaze denotes, He neither muses on tradition, Mr. Noah, giraffes, nor boats, No such speculations harrass;, (Let these, human vision fog) He's a-waiting to defend, a: Fierce attack from " this here" dog. Chas. Tubiteb. 