TEE GODHEAD OE OHEIST. BY ina EEV. GORDON CALTHOBP, M.A. /'Thoa tho HighPrieatrent his clothes, and aaith-' i>' .-What nood wo any further-witnesses? -Yo have; 1 heard the blaapheruy. What think ye? And they: all condemned him to bo guilty of death." "" MAEK xiv. G3, 64. To-day in Trinity Sunday ; and we aro directed by i tho Bervicos of our church to the contemplation of tho .ffreat mystery, that tho Father is God, and the Snn is God, and tho Holy Ghost ia God, and yofc, they are not three Gods but ons God. Now wo moat of us, I pre- sume, have arrived by tho self-samo road at tho ac- ceptance of thoao facts. Beginning by belief in tho unity of tho Godhead-a doctrino which lies at the foundation of tho ancient Jewish Scripturca- wo then proceeded to examine tho statements of the Saviour and His apostles concerning- Himself, and wo found that they could not bo honestly interprotod, except upon tho hypothesis of Hia esGontial equality wi;.h tho Pathor. Tho queation nert aroco about tho Holy Ghost. Wan this Holy Ghost an attribute ? or an emanation? or a qualiiy? or a Person? And if a Person, \?aa Ho a Divino Person? Andhorc s/gain (as-; it appcp.rc-d to ns), wo wcro loft in no doubt whatever as to our opinion upon thc subject. Tho ]angna?.o of. our Loid, tho langriûg-o ot' tho apostles, and when wo looked upon it in tho reflex light of tho now revela- tion tho language of tho old, rna plain and unambigu- ous enough. Tho nets of a person, tho feelings of a person, wore attributed to tho Holy Ghost. Ho was described un omniscient, as omnipotent, as eternal ; and wo folt constrained to believe that Ho was no leas than God tho Holy Ghost : tho Lord and Giver of lifo. I am speaking, as yoe soo, brethren, of the intel- lectual proceas by which tho truth ia arrived at. I am1 not alluding to that corroboration of tho truth which ia furnished to na by our own inner and spiritual experience. And leay that I think itprobablo that moat of us, who have ooneidoredthia subject for our selvoo, have reached our prcsGnt bolief, our accept- ance of tho doctrino of tho Trinity-by eomo onoh suooeasivo atopa as thoso that Jhavo just boon in- dicated. On the prosont oooasion 1 propoEo to consider with you the first atop of this process, that I moan whioh bringa na to tho acknowledgment of tho true and es- sential Godhead of tho Lord Jesus Christ. To attempt to cover tho whole ground, or anything lite the whole, erronnd, over which Euch a diacusaion would lead na; -would bo obvioualy impossible. Wo will restrict; our attention to a very limited portion of it. Wo will ; consider juat two points. First thia,- that on a cir-; tain most important occasion Christ Himself asserted! kia Godhead in a mannor which .could not-poaaibly bal misundoratood. And secondly, that a denial of thoj 'Godhead of ChriBt involves eonaequénoea; from whioh; we should most of na Bhrink, oonaequonoes whiohj affect the nature and the oharaotor of Deity ifcaelf.i ' ; I. Tho first topic I oonnoot, aa you willhuvo an-i tioipatod, with the words of our toxfc. _ TnoEo words; belong to tho narrativo of tho examination of tho; Saviour before tho great ecclesiastical tribunal of His .nation. It appeavn that Annas had Bent Christ,) '.bound, to tho palacio ol' CaiaphttB, tho' High Priest,; whore a committee of tho Sanhedrim, oonaisting of .at1 least threo and twenty persona, and most of them of; tho sacerdotal order, awaited tho prisoner, their1 niindB already rnado np-to bring Him in guilty of death. But tho difficulty waa how to givo a oolour to thoir nefarious design. It waa uaolosa to lay again at Josns tho accusation whioh prevailed, or' which eoomcil to provail, with tho Tîonian Govornor, that ho had fomonted soditions rnovomonts and plot- ted for tho ovorthrow of tlio Roman authority. That .plea would BOIVO thoir purpoiio well boforo long ; but' undor proBont oirenmatances it was neconsary to con- vict tho priscmor of aomo oñ'onco' whioh would plaoe :Him within the r«aoh of Jewish ocolcBtaa'cloa) law.. Accordingly [ÜB WO read) they " sought for witness against Joana to put Him to (loath." But although thoro i« ooldorn any di 111 o ni ty in an îlaritern country, j and p.SBuredly thoro wns nono ilion, in finding wTotpueBToaiy to owoar away a fenow-orcaturo'a lifo for tho 'sake of (jain, thoy woro briilkd in their noaroh. They could find no ipßtium>-nt vo scrv.'.- their pnvpono. No ono waa willing to oorne forward and speak a wcjrd ttgaiuBt the pure and spoi.toaa lifo of Josuu of Nazareth. Afc laHtt. howovor, a gleam of hope ap ooftrcd. , .Two mon proßontod thomsclvcs h'j danocnoo diaxiai for some ntatomoivto they had hoard Him maka about the ororfchrow of tho 'i'umplo. /Jut nrjam <;ÏM< 'esp'ttiolatian of tho Sanhedrim ivan doomed to bc dk «£$c¿utod. '.'tíi'i wifcrjessss eonld not aß roo. Tîifc'O ,"«JÏS (* ' 'é*¡ü#JÍJMM» oî $mik in tho einiges thf.s ?mfaigM, t&: Chrlaú l\rJ^ cvtel«Aaly epekon, iu publio, EibouiiiiJUo dvSÜ-utíúJon oí tl^'/ícvoeplo > but tho ohargoB wov* to,''coBsißicnt. Ono witnosa said ono thing, tho other said another. And tho judges, embittered and irritated np they wore, oonld not for rory shame, oould not ont of respect for tho law, which they wore professing to administer-condemn a man to death npon evidonoe BO insufficient and contradictory aa that whioh thoy had managed to seouro. What, then, was to be dono P After all, would thoir victim escapo ? Tho thought was intolerable. And His oslm, majestic ailenco, whilst it cowed and perplexed thom, oxasDeratod them into a more frantic determination than over to take away His life. Bnfc how was tho thing to *bo done? How was Jesus of Nazareth, aRainst whoso oharaotcr and teaching no witness could be found to offer a trustworthy testimony, how wa3 Ho to bo entangled in tho meahes of a law whioh carno from God, and whioh had no terrors, because it had no condemnation, for innocent mon P Our narrative informa us. In utter despair of suoooso by logitimato mean3, tho High Priest rises np from his seat and advances towards the centre of the chamber, confronting tho august Prisoner, who stood, ótili fcouad, before bim. With loud and threatening voice, as if ho expects to intimidate 0hriflfc,.he puta the question-" AnaweroBt thou nothing P What is it that these witness against thee?" Met with tho same awful sileuoo, which ho wellknow how to interpret, and which was, in effect, the moat terrible of rebukes; Caiaphas resorts to his last Expedient: "In tho name of God, then," ho. says, ' ' inform hs ;whó*you aro." " I adjure thoo by the living God that.:&ou; tell .usrwhethe» thou bo tho; Christ, tho Son of God.*' .. . ; . . ',/T...'"1^ Now consider,1 Ghriatfan brethren, for a moment.) It is clear that; an anBwei muàt,come.to tins adjara-i fiori. Hut what an»weep On several occasions tho' Saviour had boen oharired-with blasphemy, had boen, indeed, on tho point'ofbémií-stoned, because-as the; Jowo said-Ho had ma3a! Himself equal with God.1 Now,^i£;this'ohargois a false? dh©'; and Ho bo no more ( than a ' mah^o- more jprophpt sent from God with a commission to instruot and enlighten mankind what an opportunity,is hore,proBontcd to Him to TO-j moya misconception, and to . announce tho;truth t.,, If ¡ 'âehinâkeB'tao'^iioténsiôa8''<wnâlbeTèV to bo considered Divino, what an opening there is for a .diEolaimer,' distinct and. omphatio enough to set the matter afc rest and at rest for ever I He is ; in . .tho; i pre sonco of the ohiof ecclesiastics of the land.¡ I Ho" stands before a tribunal, tho authority! i of which He Himself is ready to recognise; He; i has been asked a polèmn question iii a moat; î solemn manner';' and lifo or..death. dojjé'àds iipon ! ihö reply which Ho gives" WTia¥'mp?^'eaiiy.P. what ; more natural? indeed, what mor« required by tho oir cumstancas, than to have said-" I am not the Son of ; God in the senao in which you now employ tho term. , l am a man, a man .gen!; from tho Father, And if I ; havo ever used tho wordu 'Son of G»d, of myself, or if, my disciples have ever applied it to me, tho oxpros aion.roferrod, not to any claim that I havo set up to bo a partaker of tho Divino nature, but Dimply to tho .supernatural gifts with .whick I bave boen endowed' for the fnllilmonfc of my miw¡ion. Undcratnnd, then, that-except in loose, vr.gu», infioourata, metaphori- cal p.ense, Í am not the Son ortho IÍVÍDK God 1" Why, brethren, when wo como to think of it, Christ waa bound, if He wore no more thon man, to seizo thiB opportunity of explanation, in order to prevent mis- conception in tho future, and to put a stop to tho idoli'.trooB homago vihielt His followers woro only too ready to rendor to Him. Buh, now, mark His words ! Here if! the question-" Art thou tho Christ, tho Son of tho .Blessod ?" And hero ia tho answer-"I am. And ya tihall seo tho Sen. of Man Bitting on tho right hand of povrer, and coming in.tho clone's of Heaven." " I am. I am the Son of tho Blessed." Thia expres- sion sealed the Saviour's condemnation. ~ Irnmedi ? ately tho High Priest, in a paroxysm of. well-simu- lated indignation, rent his- linen robe, exclaiming . "Yo havo hewed tho blasphemy, what think ye?" And tho fatal words bursts forth, in every direotion, from tho asßemblcd judges. " He ia guilty of death.". Tho conclusion, brethren, is incvitablo. Tho Lord' Joana Christ allowed Hirus-slf to be oondomnod and; put to death on a charge of blasphemy. At a mosts nolemn jnnctnro, and unrier tho most solemn oiroum-; stances, Ho accepted r. title, tho acceptance of wh.ioh,j aa Ho well know, would be considered blasphemous.i Tho conclusion, I say, ia inevitable. If Christ bo; God, tho wholó procedure ia in accordance with tho ; facto of tho caao, and with tho position Ko assumed. If Chrißt be not God, I muât leavo you to form your own opinion of Hia character and conduct. II. Wo advance now to tho second division of our subject. Hero, I wish you to consider oortaiu conac* qucccea that will follow, npon tho denial of tho truo and essential Dairy of tho Lord Jesus Ohriat. In tho rst place, tien, on tho supposition that Christ waa a mero man, or a or*ated boin?, who allied Himself with human nature, tho furthos supposition becomes inevitable--that in the bygone eternity God dwelt in a lonely and uncompanionable isolation. Wa believe in what is commonly coiled Creation. Wo believe that: , the time was when the universe, visiblo and invisible, ; ? flashed into hoing, or at leaüfc, that tho timo waa when; I tho rudiments oï what wo now behold in ita develop-i mont were called suddenly into actual existonco. Our; ; minds, then, travel up to a period at whióh no orea-! tures existed j at which no stars swam in tho ocean' ofspaoo; at' whioh nov ángel fanned the ether with! his winga ; at which,, ' of course, , thara, were '-no I human . oroatnrea and ?? no' earth- for thom to; inhabit; at' whioh tho-- -only" hoing was thej ona eternal' "Ossonoo, «tho Bord' God ¡ vAlmighty¡ Himself. Atthis timo.-thten, did theLord God /dwell; alotfe'P Inhabitlhg 'Hla'bwn; eternity,"had'Ho, whose; nam© is Love, hid Hp,üít3rally, nb objecti on whioh' to-expend the wealth<oLHia: infinite «Section P .Thej idaaaeema to me (Tmust oonfesB) to bo.perfectly in-' conceivable.', ,There\nrej. many... things, my sterious about tho nature of Clod. Wooannot, for üiBianoo, oomprohond that Ha should bo absolutely boundless ;, that Ho should be contained within no limits. . And yet wo know that ib must 'bs so. Wei cannot understand a Being ; who novor bogan to bo, who is Bolf-derivod and self- oxiatant. And yet we know that suoh must bo tho Deity wo worship. But difßoult as those things aro to con- ceive, I havo far moro diffionlty in ooncoiving of ranch a God as ojir God dvrelljníí in tho..oternity of the past -Tn & 3ôid, çÇ'éWlogl', 'solfhh* isolation-eöhtoinpLit ing His own porfootlohj j.^tVç.nïy quickened into Jovo when tho work of oVeaiion bog'än« And yet jjhin jg tho oonqlunion to whioh wo aro driven it' wo do;.íy tho Godhead of thp Lord Jt.iug Christ. Wo C3capo tho conclusion only by believing that tho Fa thor had always "a Son in whom His eoul delighted, and with whom tho intarchango of a divino and ineffable ftffoolion waa oternally possible. Tho Father, then, waa never without tho Son, Tho Son wa3 novor without tho Fathov. They aro co-equal and oo otornal, And tp this tho anoipnt Scriptures point, though af tor thoir mann ur somewhat obzouroly.whoa thoy "aay*-" Tho Lord pokioased rho, in tho boginning of ilia way, bçforo His wo; ka of old. \ waa apt u^ from oyorkatintf, ¿rora tho beginning, ot ovor tho earth was. Vf hon v.'Of 3 no depths, I wan brought forth. When <:}.w.z v/áro no fountains abounding with Weier» Botora Vao mountains wera Bottled,, defoio'¿ho hiJLi,,?\rau I brought forth j while, an yot, i "Ho }>ttä r¿o'<¡ nado li.o earth i nor the fields ii nor töo hiffilioßfc pa.it of tho dust of tba world. Thonj I wau by Him, os ono'brought up with Him s and "Ij was doily HÍB dollghtj rd>j Dieing alwayB before Him,"i, In the Booond plttae, I would ask you to notice, that the donial of tho Godhoad of Christ limits and im- pairs tho divino capability of manifesting love ta man. In what doon tho great powor of the Gospel consist? In this: that it exhibits in a most mai* vollous way tho lovo of God. It is this whiofl wins mon's hearts. Threatenings may arouse thom\ Thoy may bo startled from tho aluraoor of indiffbr onco and apathy by hoing told of tho worm that neves dloth, and of tho liio that ia not to bo quonohod. Bnfl what attracts and softens and changera, is tho lova of God in Lihrist. And in what way does lovo mani* fostitsolfP In Bolf-aacriiico. Now, oonaidor, Christian brothron. If JCSUB Chrißt woro inst a perfect mari, and not tho ctonial Son of tho Fathor, what did ii 'coat God to part with HimP Nothing, that I oan seo. Whore, then, ia tho aelf-sacrifico ? Tho Gospel is ushered in, with great pomp and parado, as tho highest manifestation of tho charaotor of Je» hovah, and ilia choicest instrumentality for aooom» pushing tho salvation of mankind. And it issues! after all in tho Banding of a moro man-a remark : able teokshor no doubt-to scatter seeds- of spiritual! ttuth over the human mind, and then, for some vor j abstruBO-and very unintelligible reaaon^to dio upon1 tho o.'oss. / But now'ohango your hypothesis, .andi what an exhibition of divino love you get at OncaJ i Jesus of Nazareth is God manifost in tho fleahV Before the world wn-s, Ha was from ovorlaBting with? tho Father. When Ho carno down to .earth and took upon Hini our:1 fleshy and bound Him« self up withi, tho -foiBunea of sinful manj Godparted;with him. w God cent HiaSon into tba wórlü." Moro especially whcuiHoioamo forward as tho . sacrifice for. ein j i when ho agonisod in Goth» aomano jj w.hen,Ho stood a criminal.before tkobar of the Sanhedrim.and'of tho Benian Procurator ;. whoa He" suffered" and groaned and 'died oh Càlvary-^morè especially then God parted with him. 4 ' God'sparod not His iowa Son j but gave him up.f or us .all.'.' ; In dealing with'.Buoh-' .;ó;;;.Bul?joot''^?^.wb,^,'í;HÓon, of coarse, find burBolvoB out of our depth. The mystery of tho divine 'feélinga ia not for ua to meddle with; Tot this wo may say (for scripture entitles ua to say it),, that it copt God something to part with His Son for hs," and that ill is thia solf-saorifioe of God which really givos the Gospel -its commanding power over tho hearts _o£ men. Brethren, you havo' paóed, in imaginationi beside thé soul-Btrilron Patriarch as ho took that terrible, three-days' journey to Moriah, with Isaac", ' the unoohQoious victim, Dy his BÍdo¿ ?XT_V -M1.-L.Í J._ _1__T .1_1.1. _.Jll tho feelings of tho níán'; hiB stern "résolve, ye? his utter misery ¡ his faith that all would como righi in tho end, and yet his perplexed horror at tho scone of blooáshed .whioh ho felt himself oallod upon so soon to pasa through, What did his trouble a'riBO from ? Chiefly from this, that ho had to sacrifice Isaac, his sou, his well-bolovcd son ; Isaac, in whoso lifo all the promises woro involved. When, in place of Iaaaó, waa Bubatituted tho ram, waa that anything to him P It was nothing. Tho solf-ßacrifico oonsisted in tho surrendor of his son. And what would it bo to God, to give up a creature? a man? au angel? an archangel? for tho wollbeing of myriads of the human ruco. Why, it woro nothing. It wcro no Bolf-eaorifioo at all. The mothor, who sonda hov child out to tho deadly missionary station; tho father, who parts with hiB son that tho lad may lay down, if noed bo, his lifo for hin country, know mora about love than God does-on this supposition. But .whonGodgave up His Son, His own Son, His only begotten, His well-beloved, in order to accomplish tho salvation of mankind, then, indeod, was oxiiibitod to ÜB that Divine love : tho longth and breadth and depth and height of whioh surpacsoth all human kiiowisden. . A gain, another consequence. If Christ bo not God' I cannot avoid tho inference that God has dono every- thing in His power to transfer my affection from the Creator to the creature. , I read in tho Bible, that God is1 a jealous God, and that the honour^ whioh ia His own, Ho will not permití to be given to anothor. And yet what has He donep In - those Scriptures, which- aro tho revelation of His mind and will, Ho has takonsHX tho grand, incommunicable titles, whioh belong toi Himself, and has laid thom upon Christ. In every way Ho has put Christ forward, to bo tho objaofc oí my adoration and lovo. Evorythincr ia done to make tho tendrils of my human affection twinp' round Joans Christ. It is Christ that I am tq look to ! It ia Chriat that I am to trust to! It is Chi-iut that I am to follow I It ia Christ that I nm to imitate 1 What wondon then-take tho Soriptnroa in your hand and tell mo t -what wonder, if I pa33 by tho Creator and givo my homage, my adoration, my lovo to tho oreature P Ia faot, it ia not at all too bold a thing to say that, i£ tho worship of Christ bo idolatrous I may charge my idolatry on God Himself, and say that it ia Henna taught mo to praotiso i*¡. Suoh aeem to me, Christian brethren, to be soma of tho consequences whioh flow from a denial of tho true Godhead of the Lord Josus Christ. > Minoa consequence?,' perhaps they are : and yefc¿ leading-to important results. Tho heart'must ba ohilled (I think) towards God, which does not reoog^ nisoin Joans Christ the eternal Son of tho .eternal Father. To'Buoh a heart (I.thuik) tho'life^tho'death, the resurrection, tho asoonpiou, .tho ooming again, muet bo -very -different - things from -what they are to us. ' But tho ? worst 1 oonrieofuoricea seem to be this-that, if- a mau deliber- ately rofucca when Christ is dearly prosontoot to him to seo in Chriat the ,Son of-Qo'd, he ahowa himsolf to bo in opposition to tho - Divine oharaotor, and-the Divino will. Christ is tho-test of the human race. - ,t What think yè of'Christ P"--is tho dividing question. " Thia is the record, that God hath^fiven} to ns eternal lifo, and this lifo jo in His Son. He that kath the Son hath lifo, but he that hath not tho Son hath not lifo." .-.-.-?--. \ -. / - -.-;"' , , \ Alderman Hordern has presontod an ambulanoa waggon to tho Sydney Infirmary. Tho " stioking-up" of hotels for drinks app'oars ta bo on tko incroaso In Victoria, "" ?'? '\ At tho Contra! Polióo Court on Monday afternoon; Mr. John Palmor attondod to a summons issuodupon jnfonr^tion loid by Alderman P. Stanloy¿ Mayor ofj Eodforh, for that ho did mako an addition and pro« jeotion to wit a balcony and a railing arid a roo£ thoroto, and wood und Iron' fipnnootod therewith, td' a certain bnilaing Eiiuatod ac' $kg intorsootion o£ Wölls and ïtoaoluU stroota, Bedford, Suq did allow tho samo to project over tho said footway ^oön« trary to tho 43th aeotion, Vio. 2. Mr. W. J, Postor, inatrnotod by Mr. Thomas M. Williamaon, prosecuted, and Mr. Slattery dofondod.. .Tho,prose- cution showed that pormir.sion tooroot tho addition had. not boon given by tho authorities,_ancl, that it projootod in aocordanoo with tho information. Mr. Slattery contended that tho Mayor of. Redforn hadnq loewe stiindi ; that do fon da nt had not rouöivod hotioa of romoyalof tho projection, and, that tho Mayór.waí icob utiiihcri&ùd'to tnhu proceedings until aftor .the ,infonnatiV,n had br.es laid. Mr. Fofcfcvr repliod, urging that tho case waa ono with whtoh tho maRls«1 tratos could deal. ThoBehoh inhiotod a fino of £2Q ox ono month, Mr, Slattery gare notjoe ol' appeal. 