Football. BANKERS AND LAWYERS V. MERCHANTS AND CIVIL SERVANTS. Saturday last being a vacant day on the list of football fixtures for the season, and the Ips- wich club having signified its inability to accept an invitation from the Excelsiors for that day, advantage was taken of the vacancy to arrange a match between a team composed of bankers and lawyers and a team of merchants and Civil ser- vants. A match of a like nature was played last year, and certainly proved to be one of the most, if not the most, enjoyable game of the season ; and Saturday's match will certainly be voted by all who took part in it equally enjoy- able. Shortly after 3 o'clock the kick- off took place, J. A. Hayes was appointed judge, to the evident dismay of the merchants and Civil ser- vants, and certain dark rumours were circulated, the purport of which was that Hayes had been got at by the prospect of a large retaining fee from the bankers. How- ever, no serious objections were made, pro- bably from the belief that negotiations might result in a much worse man than "J. A." being appointed. Mr. P. Roberts, instructed by Mr. J. Blake, appeared on behalf of the profession and the financiers ; and Mr. F. Foster and Mr. J. Welsby, in defence, watched the interests of the merchants and Civil servants. Mr. Winter, another of the subtle craft, impatiently waited an opportunity to count a goal for the lawyers, and Mr. Tom O'Sullivan only wanted the ghost of an opportunity to do the same for the merchants. Neither side was at first repre- sented by twenty, but as the game proceeded several additions were made to both ranks. From the kick-off the play was entered into heartily by both sides. The lawyers, as was to be expected, got the best of the toss — not that Hayes had anything to do with it — and kicked down with the wind. The ball was soon worked up by the merchants, and was taken in charge by a pair of insurance agents, sent up probably to take Roberts's life — a "first-class life," by the way, from a football point of view — and one of whom might at least have taken his goal had he not been so fearfully excited. A couple of behinds were scored, and the ball went down the field for a turn, aided materially by some sharp practice on the part of Finlay — who ought to be a lawyer, but isn't — and was here taken in hand by an A.J.S. man and a diminutive blue-bag. One or two behinds were scored at the bamboo end, and then the sphere was kept travelling in various parts of the field without apparent advantage to either side, Foster meanwhile playing well back for the honour of the merchants and victims of red tape. T. Slattery did great work on the right wing, and was carefully watched by our George, who all through entered with keen enjoyment into the game, and cer- tainly used all the pedal arguments he was master of to secure a verdict for his side. Burrell arrived shortly before half-time, and soon made his presence known. The game proceeded with great spirit. " Half-time " was called by something with a short walking-stick, and soon after the usual spell over ends were changed and the fun renewed. T. Welsby came down with a smiling face, which caused a pressman to inquire anxiously whether the Government had seen fit to remove the public account. Three or four more behinds were scored by both teams, some "tries" on both sides going very close to the goal posts. "Mac," the walking man par excel- lence — for style at anyrate — used his length of leg and arm to some purpose in saving the merchants' goal on one occasion. Joe Welsby came forward and compelled the lawyers to act on the defensive. Cooper played remarkably well, and made one mark in the most graceful "mannah I evah saw," as Rea would say. Then banker Welsby tried his hand at marking — height of jump 6ft. something — but the result- ing "try" did not alter matters, and Winter was foiled again. The ball was sent down by Silvester, and when time was called was stopped in about the centre of the ground. In addition to players previously mentioned, Walsh, Ross, and Liddle rendered good service to the bankers and lawyers ; and Lennon, O'Carroll, Connolly, and E. Slattery worked hard and well on the part of the merchants and Civil servants. When " time" was called a proposal to "have a bit of Rugby " was received with general satisfaction, and after a couple of runs in the direction of the bamboos Blake laid his hands on the ball, and made a grand "stretch" behind the merchants' goal. He failed to touch the ball down before coming out, and Foster getting the ball tried to run with it, but when it came out of the scrimmage which followed it had lost its spherical shape and the power of bouncing, and the wind had left it, and the pleasantest match of the season was at an end. Despite the dark rumours at the beginning of the match, Hayes turned out an honest lawyer — a rara avis, truly — and nonsuited the plaintiff ; permission, however, being granted to begin de novo next year. His honour then ad- journed to the Metropol-. No, he didn't ; but all ended happily. A very large number of clients, patrons, customers, and — shall we say it ? — debtors were present to witness the match, and were greatly interested in its progress. A return of intestacy, showing tho groaa amount received and paid, and the balances in the hands of the curator of intestate estates, Mr. Alexander Raff, is published in Saturday's Gazette. A return from the same department is also furnished showing "all moneys received, paid, and invested in respect of all the estates of deceased persona" for the period of six months from lBt January to 30th June, 1881. A return of all the publicanB' licenses ¡Baued from the Treasury during June and July is pub- lished in Saturday'a Gazette. Three public holidays aro proclaimed in tho Gazette. The firat is on Saturday, the SthAuguBt, at Maryborough and Gympie, on tho occasion of the oponing of tho railway between those two townB j the second on Tuesday, 9th instant, nt Townsville, on account of the North Queensland Pastoral and Agricultural Exhibition ; and the third holiday at Brisbane, on Wednesday, 10 th August, on account of the opening of the National Agricultural and Industrial Association's Show at Bowen Park. In response (says the Queensland Times) to a numerously-signed and influential requisition, Mr. J. Francia haB consented to be nominated as a candidate to fill the vacancy caused by Mr. Thompson's resignation. Mr. Francis announces in very explicit terms that he will come forward aa a staunch supporter of the Liberal party, and of course as an opponent of the Government. His political address will be published in a day or two. The election, however, ia not to pass over without a contest. Mr. M. B. Gannon has entered tbo field, and his address to the electors will be found in another column. He comes forward as an independent member-tied to neither Ministry nor Opposition-and if returned will Bit on the Ministerial cross-benches, 