SPORTING- NOTES AND ANTICIPATIONS. BY " "WIZARD. . the l/kC. Krtkeet ing on December 10th, passed off successfully. .There was a moderate attendance, and, fora wonder, genial old Sol put on his best behaviour and gladdened the proceed ings witli bright warm sunshine. It was unfor tunate that an otherwise pleasant (hjy should have Been marred- by one of those shady, occurrences that now and then keep cropping up, and. that help to bring South Australian sport into disre pute. I tun referring to a case, of Suspicious rUnning, palpable to the veriest "colt in racing matters on the course, that happened during, the afternoon, and of which no notice seemed tp Jje taken beyond a few Useless complaints from those who sufferpd. Enough has already been said about the matter in the Adelaide journals, and I suppose the offenders will.once more be permitted to remain unpunished^ but. one .thing was conclu sively .proved by what happened, viz i that Until . proper Stewards are appointed, whose business it will b.e to protect the helpless public, foul running knd foul riding may be Carried on ad. lib., at meetings held on the East Dark Lands. To turn . to the plealanter subject Of discussing the actuil racing,—Tofchill brought Shamrock to the, post for the,.J[urdie .Contest in such excellent trim, that he was immediately installed a warm favorite for thab event, hilt Goldfish, who Also looted pretty pink, soon ousted Mm from the pride of place} and eventually started at .2 to, I taken', 3^tp 1 being Freely offered against the Clate Gup win ner at the fill of. the flag. Of- tiie, others, En counter} Dutchman, and Wait-a-while found supporters at 6 to j", and Emerald, who was Mr. Bicfcfordk ipoiuit, was aLso. packed for a small .sum. The . field were dispatched to a wretghed start, Encounter, who seemed , anxious to act as whipperin, being the laatto. get away.,.-.Sham rock .cut put; (the work .closely attended by 'Forester} the latter haying to rape himself to a standstill to Jreep pape .with Mr. Tothill's horse. Befote half the journey was over the grey was beafcuj and although G-oldilsh pressed the leader a bit-.at the five furlong post, Bob Turner never liad -to exert himself and eventually won with ridiculous ease ,by .twenty lengths. After passing, the post the. winner indulged himself with a sort of go-as-you-please gallop twice round the course, and on being, at last pulled up, seemed as fresh as a daisy, . The next event was the Sapling Handi capi far, which all the quintette colored on the' card did battle. Surprise started witli a slight caU of Sirius, next to -whom Jacob's hand some filly, Lady. Elizabeth, was. .in.most request; .The race needs; but little description; as the laBt named made .all tfie running. and, won 1a a canted by two lengths. The time, 1. min.i 5, sees., was -very- fair, ;aiid I expect to see -the winner do big things next ye it,' as she'has the cut-of a racehorse and ranvery kindly. The Grand (Stand Handi cap was a complete boil over., Eight-' starters faced Mr. Ferry, of .whom .Baalbec ^received the most patronage. Souvenir, and Entwilnter were both backed in the right -quarters, hilt Jtraly a few speculators befriended, Mr. Hill's mare, Minnaj who looked-tery. well and Lad the services of little Boase. The start was anything, but » compli mentary one. to Sing Lud, Impudence, or the fayorite, the only one to get well away being tb9 outsider.Minjia, who never gave-, her opponents the ghost of a show and won from, end to end! King Lud, the Port Augusta winner, ran respect ably and anight-'have been nearer,the winner had he got off, but the others .seemed, quite out-paced. Tiie Selling Steeplechase was thought a good thing for old .Charlie, though a lot of money went on Momalopg before he made his. appearance. Whet: the latter was .looked at however, it was clear that unless everything else tumbled down he stoodmo shnW, his .condition being all to pieces; ditto his legs. Sissy's owner deemed hel* chance very small indeed as he refused to ;back her, and the others iverte. such :-tncJderate.,cqBle that their ultimate survival of the battle seemed more than doubtful. ...Charlieand Sissy did all the-business, as Momaloug fell at .theKrai fence, niid alttioiigh Mr. Cottrell's creamy was -supposed- to have the foot of the field.he never got neapet tb aju^.part of Sissy's body than, her tail,.and. finally succumbed by nearly .a distance. ' The others all came to grief. A fair afternoon's sport was brought to a conclusion with the Flying.Stakes, in which race my selection Little Dick.settled the pretensions of five moderate animals;without an effort. The Totalisator dividends-.were good in every race but the last, no less than £14- pep share being distri buted over the principal event. Mr. W. Branch, the well-known Yictoriaii., bookmaker, bought Sissy after her victory at the expensive figure of 135 guineas. . The following are the weights tor the S. A. J. C, New Year's Day Meeting. HTTRDLR RACR. About two miles. New.Zealand ... 11 9 Dutchman ... 11 7 Miss Banter ;.. 11 5 Fictitious ,.. 11 0 Encounter ... lo 9 Shamrock ... 10 7 Snowstorm ... 10 0 Thane ... ... 10 0 Horror (late - • D.O.D.) ... 9 10 Goldfish ... 9 7 Don Pedro ... 9 0 Freetrader ... 9 5 Emerald ... 9 4 Triplet 9 4 Wait a-While ... 9 6 Waxy ... 9 0 TWO-YEAR-OLD HANDICAP; Three-quarters of a mile. Royal Irishman 8 5 Satanella , 8 3 Prince Patrick 8 2 Prometheus ... 8 0 Uproarious 7 9 Pride . of the . . Mom.... .... 7 9 King Charles (late Sir Charles) The Hebrew ,,, 9 9 Endyniion ... 7 7 Sterling ... 7 5 Standard Bearer 7 5 Home Siiie ... 7 4 Surprise 7 4 Sirius 7 2 Brilliant 7 2 Themis ... ... 7 2 Country Maid... 7 2 NEW year's GIFT. , .. . One mile and a quarter. , Ravens-wood ... 9 2 i l^cw Zealand ... 7 (J Crystal ... 9 0 I The Count ... 6 12 Mesalliance ... 8 -5 Souvenir ... 6 12 Brigand ... 8 3 ! Baalbec ... 6 12 Fietitous ... SO King Lud ... 6 7 The Israelite ... -7 10 j Lady Melissa ... 6 7 llenrietta ... 7 8 j Lady Carrington 6 7 Turretfield. ... 7 5 j Sunflower ... 6 4 Horror (late I Freedom (late D.O.D. . ... -7; 0.| Priest ... 6 0 HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE. About three miles'. Roejiuck ... 11 .10 I Sissy 9 7 Guun „. ... 10 12 | Emerald ... 9 7 C.P. ... _ ..; 10 0 1 Charlie 9 5 Seven Stars IC 0 | Stringer ... 9 .0 Konestv ... 9 10 I Jack Sheppard 9 0 Momalong ........ fl ioj ,, . . CORINTHIAN HANDICAP, One .mile and a half. Mesalliance ... 11 9 j Ensountef ... 10 5 Brigand .... 11 7 j Triplet 10 5 Horrol- (late . | -Bound-to, ... 10 2 D.O.D. ... 10 10 j Freetrader ... 10 0 Struck Oil ... JO 7 | Goldfish. ... 10 0 Miijna.„ , , ... 10 7 | Mr. Coleiiian Upon ascertaining the weight on his horse Crystal, immediately scratched him and his stable companion King Lud; for all South Australian engagements, and ha6, sired written in strong terms to the Adelaide papers commenting 911 the, harsh, treatment he alleges hq has received. Sot certainly Btrikes me as being s little excessive for so moderate a performer as Crystal, .whose best public performance so far waS_ liis third in the Birllidav Gift la'st May, to Mate and Progress. I am informed Mr. Coleuian intends to send the two horses mentioned over 't'C Melbourne to com pete in the Y. R. C. meeHrig on January 7. . The - Champion and Normdnby Stakes, to b_e decided on January 2nd; are occasionally men tioned.. For the termCr, event. Wheatear and Wellington are the in'oBt fancied at 3 and 4 to 1 each respectively, wlnle.-for.the latter,. Solitude, Navigator, and Guess work-have been supported for small money, at about <5 tp 1 each The defeat ,'of. the. Sydney, team, in the late cricket match against,the English,.Eleven, caused some surprise amongst the. cognoscenti^ in that game. Odds of -5 r to, 2. were frqejy l|ia yJh the New South Welshmen at one tithe. during the match, but they eventually succumbed by 68 runs.. . - . ... ... - - There is to be a Regatta on the TdrrehB Lake on Saturday, December 17- The struggle for the Challenge Cup, , between the Port, tynd Norwood Rowing Clubs is looked forward fo with conside rable interest. The former -trej^. is considered slightly the.better of .the twain', put as .they haye to,row in strange* a lid iyfiat.js more, fresh water, the result is doubtful.. For ihy own part, I think the Portoniaus will lie found winners when the laefc gun has beeA-fired. iHIsd, G-EATirDDE FOE THE LAND BELL.;—Mr. Glad stone's. rekfer-bag,. always a full one, is just now.exceptionally.,weighted. Not a.day passes but lie hat A initiimiitn of a score of letters thrfeat enmg. hiin and,,hi>s with all kinds of ,gross aha murderous outrage.^., Some .of these epistles bear the, Irish post-mark, hut on the average the greater number come from English towils where Irishmen^ chiefly congregate.. A great deal of trouble would be saved to the writers qf these letters if ■ they knew the business-like manner in which this portion of the Premier's correspond ence is dealt with. Mr. W. H. Gladstone, who is how at Hawarden, and who, among other sec retarial duties,- undertakes the opening of his father's, letters, has a keen scent for these effu sions,- cultivated and sharpened by many years' experience. No time is wasted- in reading the trash, which is quickly -dropped into the waste paper basket. This daily receipt of threatening letters has come to be one of the regular and in evitable concomitants of. prominent public life. Mr. Gladstone reckons that he has received more threatening letters, than any public man of the age, and that he has been least disturbed by them. A Bboad Churchman.—Mr. Nimmo, one of the members for Emerald Hill, "Victoria, while spsaking in the debate arising out of the appoint ment of the Education Commission, tried to prove his freedom from bigotry by offering to provide the emigrating Pope of Rome with free, safe, and con venient. quarters in his own constituency. It is not mentioned whether anybody has accepted the offer oh behalf of the " Holy Prisoner." ... 