STRAY LEAVES. BY "THE GLEANER." "A noble soul expands above a little chaff." CODJI. ON Monday there was great excitement evinced in town. The din of a stupendous cortege was heard froinTafar ; and, lo ! a circus atTove from a distant clime. Every splendont with go<"geOyf^^J!Jay, as it swept I past. During the soj^rn of the crowd in town, the rag and famish got so nigh to per petual motion that with another big drum 1 around, they would bare been right in it (not the big drum, mind). In the line, a gent of the Soody and Man key persuasion, who bears the name of Irish Stew, or some otber equally euphonious sou briquet, makes things sultry for his fellow workmen by continually singing psalms. They don't hang upon his every note. THE hibernal period is fast approaching Our sidewalks are now bedecked with ulsters, clouds, and such like refreshments. It is surprising the affinity that soems to exist be tween the ulsters and the clouds. THEY had a howling good time at Pitt Town-on Monday night. Things were sent around red hot. AT the show on Monday night quite a multitude of our female girls were present. Truly, they lent enchantment to the scene they shone out in unequalled splendour, and I aver that a more graceful, sylph-like, be witching lot of syrens never met this side ot the equator, or the other side either. On Tuesday night, ditto repeato. Any young lady who feels desirous to kies'me and caress me for this little bit of taffy, let her walk right up-I'm here. JACK FROST'S cousin was around this week. There wasn't much enthusiasm displayed over the eveut. BUSH fires raged throughout the week in various paris of tho district. Pyrotechnic ad.ocales had a throw-in. Tun Bondon creatu'c, thc familiar of the I O.G.T. Humbug, endeavours to sit upon The Audialiun at every opportunity. How far the critte succeeds-well, you know his a di tus around herc. Somebody throw a brick at me for noticing - such a-such a-to be continued in our next. WHILST reclining on the river banks the other eve, as Mrs. Luna peeped through a rift in the clouds, there suddenly hove in sight a gaily-caparisoned gondola, propelled by stout rowers, whilst the silvery notes of a canorous lassie wafted o'er the evening's dewy air-first a clear, shrill treble, then dy ing away to a rippling monotone, enthralled and enraptured me-my soul went out, far away to the realms where the moon'ssott sheen irradiates-Ghost of Moses !-but a change came o'er the spirit of my dream-had it not j been for a friendly " cobbler's peg " somc I body would have boen striding out for the beautiful shore. The poetry of the situation vamosed anyhow. body and his wife, and aunts, turned out to BI jsins, and his 'cavalcade, re Tue symmetrical tonus of tho acrobats recently around herc seemed to knock a few of the girls off their oats entirely. Nothing less than a " circus fellow " would go down with some of them. TUB red-coats made things lively on Saturday. Some of the visitors got outside too much gingerbeer, judging from their behaviour on the Windsor Railway Station Perhaps the gruel didn't agree with them. Tu ic Good Templar agony is on the wane. Tun Tenderhearted Oysterman vends oysters of the finest description. Lobster falls in for all the doubtful molluscs, thus it must be so. THE fashionable hedge around here ts prickly-pear-quite a novelty, inasmuch as nobody cares to investigate such matters tn make it otherwise. The hedge is extremely ornamental, and pleasing to the eye especially if one of your horses gels a few thousand thorns concealed about him. A thousand acres or SJ flourish on a street ad jacent to the Windsor Brdige, contrasting beautifully with Duvies Park. The owners of the property from whence the diabolical vegetation sprouts should be made eat it or send it post haste to Basutoland, lt is time the unsightly henp was consigned to oblivion. TUB peaceful Wilberforce has bad its latent energy aroused-the inhabitants of Sleepy Hollow have awoke. Anonymous letter-writing is the order of the day. Practical jokeB are reprehensible-but when individuals endeavour to blacken the charac ters of their neighbours the practice is contemptible. j Uuit ALICK has given two trophies to the two cricket clubs in Windsor-to be pre sented at the end of the season to the best average batsman in each club. One is gold and the other is silver-both unique, and ap propriate emblems for successful cricketers. ON Tuesday night, the vagaries of a drunken couple (man and wife) kinder agi tated people around hero. They made night I hideous with (heir bacchanalian roistering. " Two souls with but a single thought, two folks who boozed as one I" I PERSONS who adopt tho velocipede as ii means of conveyance, should at least study ! tho safety of the public. Horses have quite an aversion to such formidable instruments, and many narrow escapes from accident arc spoken ot'. Perhaps when a member of Parliament gets rubbed out folk» will begin to sling bricks. The place where there is the least trafile should bc resorted to for this kind of fun. IN the vicinity of tho Windsor Railway Station, for four days, a yawning chasm was around, owing to the partial demolition of a culvert. A signal of danger, in the 6hape of a branch of a tree with a piece of newspaper uffixtd, was hoisted by some inventive genius A valuable horse nearly broke his valuable leg, and mixed up things terribly ; thc I authorities exclaimed, " Good lor ! who'd have thought it .'" and the culvert «as fixed up. " Stick a pin dere, Brndder Horace !" Sr. PATRICK'S DAV received doe honor around herc. Not a snake within come of civilization. Shamrocks at a premium. AT the Richmond Police Court on Friday, 1 lilt instant, Jack Wood, otherwise, greased electricity, cat a great shine in the witness bos, in a case of stone throwing. It is rumoured amongst the rag and famish that they will elect him their boss. . THAT gay young Richmondite, rejoicing in the appellation of Tom the Carpenter, had a bad time lately, as likewise had his inamorata. It appears Tom. at no distant period of his existence, was paying his addresses to a comely lass of Richmond ; but owing to un foreseen circumstances there occurred a " split in the camp." BS the ancients would observe. Tom was no sooner off with the old love than he was on with a new ; and as the joyous couple were doing the block the other eve, the rejected damsel chanced to cast her orbs upon them. The green eyed monster took possession of her soul-she went straight for the erring Tom, and his lump of love was in formed that if she was again caught in his company, two wheelbarrows wonld be required to c.invey her remains to the cemetery. The Richmond folks don't think 6uch will occur yet awhile. THE Silvery-laugh party has departed for other climes-perhaps to Brummagem. The lachrymal flood around is marvelous. 