Review. THE LETTERS OP PROSPER MEEIMEE TO PA NIZZIJ 2 vols. London, 18S1. PBOSPJSB Meriniee was ono of that brilliant gene- ration of Frônchinen of which the sole living representativo is the venerable poet whose 79 th birthday was celebrated a few months since, in Paris, with so much fervid enthusiasm. Born in 1803, Meriuiee made his debut as an author much ¿bout the same time as Victor Hugo. He took part in tho lite rary movement led by that great genius agains the cíaselo traditions of the French theatre, an which is known as the rice of the Romanti School. In the first work which he published h managed, after a characteristic fashion, to raye tify, not only the general public, but some ver shrewd critics as well. It was a collection c plays whioh professed to be translations from th Spanish of "Clara Gazul." The latter was i purely imaginary person. The joke was ren dered complete by fact of the portrait o the alleged authoress being prefixed to th book, and for which Merindee himself, attired ii appropriate female costume, had been sketche« by Doleeluze. Tho plays in question gave evi dence of very remarkable power, especially in i young man of 22, but thsy have long beei forgotten, except by a few curious readers, evoi in France. Merimee for a short while practiset as a lawyer, but finding the profession distastefu he relinquished it. He did not, however devote himself to literature with arn particular ardour. Not many men could be namet who, with equal ability to win distinction in th< field of letters, have used their talents as sparingly os he did. This is to be accounted for, perhaps as muon by Merimoe's extreme fastidiousness ns bj : his indolence or indifference to fame. All tha he attempted in the way of literary compositioi was admirably done. Some of his efforts wen unique in their excellence, and it is deeply to be regretted that they were so fugitive for in one department he was certainly unequalled by any European contemporary. W< allude to those wonderfully clever novelette! which ha occasionally contributed to the *"Revu< des deux Mondes," and whioh are not less fascinât, ing for their perfection of style than for the ex> traordinary skill with which they are constructed In that respect, his hand had not lost its cunning in old age, for one of the very be3t of his shorl stories, ¡J" Lokia," appeared in the abevenamec periodical in 1800, some 12 months previous to hit death. Another story of his, ** Carmen," illustrative ol v Spanish gipsy life, supplied, as everybody knows, the libretto for the opera of the same name, and which the acting and singing of Bose Hersee, in ? the part of tho heroine, has rendered so popular in Sydney, Merimoe's appointment to the office of Inspector of Historical Monuments relieved him, while still in the vigour of carly manhood, from any necessity of labouring with his pen, and enabled him to sustain the character which he affected, that of a dilettante, or gentlemen author. Besides the plays and novels already mentioned, Merimee published some historical works in rela- tion to Spain and Russia, which display , great research. He also contemplated a history of Julius CoQ3ar, which design was no doubt aban- doned when tho late Emperor Napoleon III. took up the same subject, but it is generally believed that the "Vic de Jules Caesar" was. considerably im- proved by the revising touches of the former. Merimee had been an old and intimate \- friend of the Countess de Monti jo, the mother of the Empress Eugenio, and it ia to this circum- stance we may attribute his ready acceptance of the Imperial dynasty, and of which he remained a most loyal champion. Most of the great leaders of French literature, it will be remembered, kopt proudly aloof from the court of the second empire. In adopting the contrary course, thero is no rea- son to assume that Merimee wa? merely a time server, for, so far as his political convictions are revealed in his letters to those to whom he frankly umboscmed himself, he would seem to have been convinced that the rule of a bene- volent despot was that under which France was moBt . likely to flourish. Merimeo was a singularly keen observer, . yet with all his shrewdness, many of his conclusions and predictions, judged by the light of subsequent events, seem ludicrously short- sighted. In^ numerable examples might be cited from the volumes before us, which contain'a collection of letters addressed by this author to Sir Anthony Panizzi, embracing a period of nigh 20 years. They do not possess, indeed, the absorbing inr terest of those famous Lettres a une Inconnue, the publication of which caused such a sensation in 1873, and which have ensured for Merimee a celebrity in France like that which Horace Walpole enjoys in England. But independently of the graces of style which distinguish them, in common with everything that came from the same pen, they have a historic value as wsii, and furnish hints for which the futuro chronic! eis of the events to which they relate and tho aotors whom they describe, both before and behind the scenes, will bo duly grateful. In the letters to Panizzi there is constant reference to contemporary publio affairs. Merimee permits no change to take place in the political barometer wiiihout hastening to apprise his^ correapondent of it. AB baB boen previously intim\ted, the comments wi:h wbich such intelli- gence is often accompanied, can hardly bo road at the present day without provoking a smile. In tho following extract, for instance, from a leb.er dated-March, 18G2, he gravely forecasts the destinies of his neighbours on the other side of the Rhine. "Gormany," ho says, "with her imbecile ru'era.is falling to pieces moro and more every day. Tho King of Prusaia, seems to be dreaming of imitating CharloB X., and ho might very easily share his fate. Ho ia in a peculiar position, as ho oan either place himself at tho head of a revolution where bo hns everything to gain, or of a counter revolution where ho has everything to lose." In a lotter virittonafow months latör, ho Baye, referring to the civil war in Amorica, "Just now the question of recog- nising the Southern State3 is being considered. I have no doubt that Fiance and Eng'and will be in complete accord on thispoint, and I am glad of it because it will furnish ono more bond of alliarce." Happily, English statesmen were wise enough to docline to entertain the views held by Napoleon with regard to the Confederate States. Merimee while he lived continued to stigmatise the prudent policy of England at that time as inspired by stupidity and cowardice. " Do you not think," ho writes to Panizzi, in 18G5, "that too much fuss is being made about tho death of Mr. Lincoln f He was, after all, only a first Bceond-rate man, as the Yankees say ; but he was worth more than the majority of hie fellow-countrymen, and seems to mo to have gained by dint of being obliged to live amidst great events. Tho eulogies bestowed on him in Parliament show how afraid people are of America, and the result achieved will be to make these boors more impertinent and overbearing than they are by nature. Best assured that no very long time will elapse before Englandhas cause to regret her policy at the beginning of the civil war." It is more amusing to turn to the g03Biping portions of the letters, and to the passages in which Merimee describes, in a few graphic touches, persons and things, that came under his immediate observation, than to those in which he assumes tho vole of a political prophet. He was a frequent guest cf the Emperor and Empress, and accompanied them in a memorable trip to Biaritz in October, 1865. Here he would appear to have seen Bismarck for the first limo, and he records an audience given by Napoleon to tho latter ia the fo;lowing words : " Tho Erxperor and M. de Bismarck had a long conversation, but neither of thfun has informed mw of the purport of it. My impression was that he was recoivod politely, but with a certain amount of coldness. He appeared to me to be a man eonvme il faut, with more wit than ia com- mon among the Germans, and something like a diplomatic Humbo'dt." Merimee regularly passed the winter months, during his latter years, at Cannes, a precaution which his failing health ren- dered necessary. Tho sarcastic portraits of the notabilities whom he used to meet at that famous sojourning place of invalides are very droll. Lord Brougham is described as looking like j a " walking mummy," and again as " like the ghost of Gay Fawkes, with hie hu ce white hat and his marvellous cravat." Lord John Bussell I he encounters " returning from a walk in the ! costume of Mr. Panoh, accompanied by her lady ! ship." From Cannes his last epistle to Panizzi, written a few day before he died, is dated. The news of tho overwhelming disaster of Sedan is be- lieved to have hastened his death, which took place in September, 1870. Cynic as he waa, or pretended, ho evidently loved his country with a genuine, though perhaps mistaken, patriotism; and having witnessed what he had ample reason to consider as her hopeless ruin, he felt that he had " lived long enough." Yet something of his old irony is mingled with the sorrowful tone of what were destined to be his final words to tho librarian of the British Museum. " Good-bye, dear Panizzi," he says, " I am truly grateful to you. I am going to live here like a philosopher in the sun; Would that I cou'd fall asleep like Epimenides." ' In conclusion, it may bo said of Merimee that, like many other men of genius, his chances of immortality will loss depend on the writings upon which he lavished all the resources of his fine intellect, than on those in which with no thought of tho criticism of posterity, he became " the abstract and brief chronicler" of the time in which he lived. A cricket matoh has boen arranged to take place on October 10 between the Press of the oity and tho company now playing at the Theatre Eoyal, A very pleasant day is sure to result. Thc following are the teams r-Press-Rogers, Harona, P. ioe, M'Indoe, Hognc, WWhirter, Wilkinson, Rrohards, Ella. Ho»»g, Utting, Coningham, Whittaker. Theatre Royal-G. Musgrove, H. Musg ove, Harwood, B¡on nir, Lazar, telly, Goodman, Dean, Burt, Harvey, Peake, Grundy, Haswell The hearing of the case against J. Berry, oharged with oarrying on an offensive business, to wit a boilincr?down establishment, to thc annoyance of his neighbours at Botany, was concluded on Fi i ay after» noon at the Central Police Court. Mr. Neale stated that npon tho evidence adduced the bench disagreed. Mr. Maolean was of opinion that the oaae should be dismissed. He thought otherwise, and was sorry that he had to tako the responsibility of sending the oase for trial by a jury. An inquest waa hold on Saturday last at the Globo as to tho o&use; of death of a man named G o orge WatkinB, aged 36, a native of Sydney, and a single man who had been employ ed for nomo timo aa a groom. He was lodging at the residence of a waggonette proprietor at 17, Globe-street, and ho was seen at work shortly boforo 6 o'clock on Friday morn i nc washing a waggonette, and about a quarter of an hoar afterwards ho WAS found lying faoo downward« under tho waggonette, dead. Ho had been of vory intemperate habits for years. Dr. Egan, who had made a post-mortem examination, was of opinion that doath was caused by asphyxia, probably p'o dneod by lying on his face during a temporary fit, and a vordiot to that effect was returned. Au inquest waa hold on Friday afternoon, at the city coronor's office, as to the oauso of death of Joseph Aldrod, aged 40 years, a joiner. Froderick Bower, residing at 330, Elizaboth-atreot south, identified dcoeascd as a man ho bad known for 26 /eo.ra, and who had boen lodging with witness for sonso time. Dcooaso-J had boon intomperato for years, and wat totally imbecile from drink. Ho left tho house about 5 o'olook in the evening, and was then not sober. Wil- liam Oooko, residing at 7, Llttlo Buckingham-street, deposed that he had charge of threo buildings in oourse of erection, opposito tno residonoe of tho last witness, and on Thursday night about half-past 10 o'olook.on going to inspect tho buildingo, af tor leaving ono of tho houses, ho heard a mau walkin* on tho first floor of the houuo ho had left, and ho called out, " Who's there P" No reply was gi »en, and immodiatoly nftorwarde ho heard tho noiso of Bomothing falling, and wont for a candió, whon ho Baw a man lying in tho oolla>-, bolow a bolo in tho fl coring. Blood was flowing from a wound in hiB hoad, and witneBB thon informed tho polios, who tooit the boey to tho InQtmary ia a oab, whoro, on arrival, lt waa found ho was doad, tho' loausoof doath hoing fracture of the skull. Tho jury rroturnod an opon verdiot of death from inju ios ro ooivsd, and that thoro was no ovidouoo to Bhow I whothor tho injnrioB woro accidentally roooived or j othorwise. 