The Victorian Turf. No. 4. TBE MELBOURNE CUP, &c.; By Nemo, I The Melbourne Cup has alieady been fully reviewed in y«ur celumns, but since those remarks -were penned a great nany changes have taken place, eo that it may not be uninteresting to go over the old ground again, for there is always something new to keep up the interest in the great betting race of Australia, as the Cup has been aptly termed. me Meiooume uup, wrncn hoe now become such an institution, first attracted atten tion in 1861, when Mr. de.Mestre'e Archer, then a liveyear old, carried 9st. 71b. to the front, beating Mormon, Prince) and 14 others, in 3 minutes 62 seconds, a time that causes us to smile at the present day. The following year the same horse won with lOst. 21b. in 3 minutes 47 seconds, and had a field of 19 after him. Then Mr. Harper secured the first win for the three-year-olds with Banker, who with 5st. 41b. tailed home, attended by Musidora, Barwon, and four others in 3 minutes 44 seconds. Lantern won in 1864, with tot. 31b., and her pages were Poet, and Rose of Dcnmarks and the time 3 minutes 52 seconds. Toryboy then carried 7st. safely home in front of Panic, Riverina, and a score of ethers in 3 minutes 44 seconds ; and the next season saw the wonderful Barb, 6st. 111b., dispose of Exile, Falcon, and 25 others in 3 minutes 43 seconds. Tim Whiffler, fist. 111b. won in 1867, and was followed by Queen by Hearts and Exile, in 3 minutes 39 seconds. After that, Glencoo, with the very respectable impost of Sst. lib. defeated Strop, Shenandoah, and 22 folio were in 3 minutes 42 seconds; and the next season aw Warrior, 8st. 101b., carry-off the rich prize while the places were occupied by The Monk and Phoebe in 3 minutes 40 seconds. Nimblefoot, Get. 31b., justified Cregg*s wonder ful dream by disposing of Lapdog, Valentine, and 25 others in 3 minutes 37 seconds. Then came the greatest surprise in the annals of the 'V ictorian Turf for the Pearl, 7st. 31b., against whom 100s to 1 went begging, won from Boinula, Irish King, and 20 others, in 3 minutes 39 seconds. The next year Mr. T ait's colours were againat the front, for The Quack, with the nice racing impost of 6sit. 71b., rattled home at the head of affairs attended by the Ace andDagworth. Twenty two horses Btarted, and the race was run in 3 minutes 39 seconds. A great certainty came off in 1873, for Don Juan fairly romped home with 6st. 121b., and after him succeeded Dagworth, Horatio, and a field of 21, and the two miles were cast behind in 3 minutes 36 seconds. Harricot, 6st. 71b., made a one horse show of it the following year, and Protos and The Diver filled the places in 3 minutes 374 seconds. In 1876 Wollomia, 7st. 81b., won from Richmond, Golbsbrough, and 15 others, in 3 minutes 38 seconds. Then we had Briseis, 6st. 41b., Sybil, and Timothy, filling the places in 3 minutes 36J seconds, to the discomfort of 30 others ; and in 1877 Chester, 6et. 121b., just got home before Savanaka, who was followed by The Vagabond and 30 others in 3 minutes 33| seconds, the fastest record up to date. In 1878 Calamia carried 8Bt. 21b., and won cleverly from Tom Kirk and Waxy in 3 minutes 35f seconds ; and the year after Darriwell astonished eveir one including his most intimate friends, by carrying 7Bt. 41b. to the front in 3 minuteB 30§ seconds, beating Sweatmeat, Suwarrow, and a numerous field. Last year Grand Flaneur 6st._ 101b., Pro gress, and Lord Burghley, came home as named in 3 minutes 44£ seconds, and so ends the record until the great race now en the tapis ie decided. The race which is to be run on the 1st of next month promises to attract a very large field, and at present the winner appears to be as hard to find as are the relics of our poor neglected and long-lost Leichhardt. Soon after the weights appeared Monmouth, Hesperian, and Sir Modred were the rage. The light of the first-named went out in our Derby, the nomination of Hesperian has been proved to be informal, and Sir Modred has given way to some extent to the present popular idols. A few day& ago quite a stir was made in sporting circles by tne unexpected advance of Duchess, who was so freely sup ported that at the time of writing, 100s to 15 is the best offer to money. The best form this mare ever showed was winning the Portland Handicap, 1£ mile, with 7st. in the saddle, beating Messauiance, Sst. 51b , and Matador, 7st. 71b., and cutting but the journey in 2 minutes 54£ seconds. Such a feat had little merit, neither is there anything particularly striking about her breeding, for ehe is bv the New Zealand horse Manuka from Princess, by King Alfred from Spitfire by Rishview from a Traveller mare ; but her great merit seems to rest on the fact that she is in Mr. James Wilson's stable. Almost every one you meet wants to get a trifle on Duchess at any price, and yet not one ineverv 100 could tell you her breed ing or give the faintest idea of her racing carecr. The public, like geese^ following each other to water, blindly follow the good thing from St. Albans, which cannot lose, quite forgetting that that much overrated stable has had more favourites to do battle for it, and in proportion has suffered more defeats than any other racing establishment in Australia. The speculative public dearly love a little mystery, and I verily believe that if Mr. Wilson had a brilliant animal— such as Barmaid for instance — he could make her first favourite for next year's Melbourne Cup. It is a elur upon the intelligence of the sporting community that such a thing should be, but the St. A1 ban's party have certainly struck such terror into the hearts of the ring, that they have only to give a sign, and up goes the chosen one from Goelong in the market, and, by the same token, down go aU the good and tried perfotmen fin public --estimation. ~ Now, for fa$ ? part, I am asipiorant about the merits of Duchess as any ?one who has given the -subject the slightest thought, but public form is decidedly against her, and, as I said before, all that the most ' knowing know' about her is that she appears to be the chosen one of the clever St. Alban'e trainer, and, therefore, the Cup is over. By the way, what fun it would be if this ' Grand Duchess ' was not in Wilson's stable after all — presto — more favourites — more betting, &c.;, &c.; A little reason stepped into the question on Monday week, for on that day Progress was scratched for the Cup, and those who always know more than the trainers themselves say that he was withdrawn on account of 'Duchess having beaten him at even weights in a trial. Rather too soon in the day for a trial of that sort, and I doubt it Waxy holds the position of second favourite, and his form at the late A. J. C. Spring Meeting almost entitles him to his place in the betting, for he ran like a racehorse all through the piece. His second to Hesperian in' the Metropolitan with 6st. 51b. was full of merit ; but in the Sydney Handicap, If mile, with 7st. 121b. up, he could only put about three lengths between himself and Zulu, gst. He then received 21b. from the black horse, and here he is required to concede 51b., making a difference of 71b., ana I have my doubts about his ability to shake off the son of Barbarian on the score of weights. Bathurst quite kept up the reputation of his family last month, and if he trains on the nice racing weight of 7sfc, 71b. should enable him to give a good account of himself, and he'has the great merit of coming at the right end. The now friendless Monmouth and Etna are in the same Etable, but so far Bathurst appears to have all the confidence of the party on his side. Mr. Ivory has Sweet meat and Lord Burghley to choose from, and of the pair commend me to the prospects of the former, who should hold Wellington ana most of the heavy weights pretty safely. Little Savanaka is said to be doing capital work at Adelaide; and if he can be got into his best form he must be regarded with respect. Sir Modred might have had a couple of pounds less; nevertheless he i6 very far from being out of it, for his public form in New Zealand was really first-class. I cannot have Martindale at any price. Bosworth would appear to belong to the past ; but some danger may come from the gallant little Suwarrow and Canaty, both of which may give us a fresh line in the Caulfield Cup. Falmouth is expected to put in an appearance in the course of a few days ; and if Donnelly can get him into his true form ana the going be hard, he promises to be one of the first flight. Waterloo con* tinues to do great work at Caulfield, and if the length of the trip does not find him out he cannot fail to be trouble some. Amongst the horses that Mr. de Mestre brought over on Friday was my friend the Wandering Jew, who, I though a trifle stout, looks remarkably well, and should be the chosen, one of the stable. He must be handled with care, for 7st. lib. will suit him nicoly. His pace is beyond question, and the way in which he finished for the last Sydney Cup goes to show that two miles will not trouble him . He is under a suspicion of unsoundness, and therefore it would not be wise to interfere with him until his friends make a movement in his favour. Notwithstanding his defeat in the Metropolitan Stakes, I still have a great leaning towards the prospects of Trump Yoss, and if he docs not lose his reputation at Caulfield he may be regarded as an almost certain placegretter. The Caulfield Meeting may put quite another complexion upon the affair, and until that reunion has joined the past it would be absurd to ven ture anything like a decided opinion, and the Derby will give us a great idea as to what we are to expect from the three year-olds. Up to date I have most leaning towards Creswick, who is wonderfully well in with 6st. 111b., Trump Yoss, The Wandering Jew j The Czar, The Duke, and Sir Modred. For the benefit of your readers who may decide to rattle overland, I shall give you a short account of the journey. Leaving Sydney by the 8.30 train on Friday evening, we reached Junee shortly after 9 o'clock the next morning, and bolting a rather indifferent breakfast, at the risk of being choked and the cost of 2s. 6d., again took our places in the comfortable carriages provided. Albury was reached at about 10 minutes to 10 o'clock, and a coach conveyed us to the hotel. A short stay was made here to enable the overlanders to partake of a hurriedly prepared dinner, for which 2s. 6d. was the charge. Then three miles by coach to Wodonga, and the Victorian line was reached. The fine roomy carriages and the obliging attendant were now exchanged for the close, uncomfortable departments on the Victorian line. All comfort and, in some cases, civility joined the past, and discomfort reigned supreme. Upon arriving in Melbourne at 10.5 p.m., the porters veiy kindly allowed me | to take possession of my own luggage after I had been fully identified, the only article they seemed to hanker after being my hat-box ; but, after arguing the point for a few minutes, one soft-hearted fellow relented, and generously, but somewhat discourteously, allowed me to take possession of my own property, for which I thanked him/ On Monday afternoon I paid my first visit to Flemington, and interviewed the New Zealand team, the property of Mr. H. Prince. They are quartered at S. Davis's establish ment, which has been greatly improved since last season. Five new boxes have been built, and every convenience is ready to hand. H. Goodman kindly allowed me to inter view the string, and they are in capital liealth, but will stand in need of driving along. Sir Modred is a fine, powerful horse, big and strong enough to carry a castle, and with quarters and prope lling powers that should drive him along. Somnus, by Traduce r from Hammock, is a big, raking colt, with an intelligent head, clean neck, capital back and quarters, deep chest, well-rounded barrel, and shows great length from hip to hock. Save that there is a thickness about the shoulder that makes him 'dish' in front when galloping, he possesses plenty of quality, and it will take a racehorse to beat him in the Derby. Hilarious, by Goldsbrough from Maritana, a Tocal-brea colt, would appear to be a useful sort of fellow ; and as he is more forward than his companions, he may render a good account of himself at the Caulfield Meeting. Idalium, by Traducer from Idalia, Btruck me as being a veiy handsome colt, and he rather resembles Gipsy Cooper, not only in colour but in conformation ; but, though naturally round- barrelled, he struck me. as being a deal on the fat side. Judging from the crowds of horses now at work at Flem ington, Caulfield, Brighton, Ballarat, and other places, the ensuing meeting of the V. R. C. is likely to be remarkable for large fields. The different training tracks at Fleming ton have undergone many improvements since last season, but the swarms of horses that are to be seen at their studies each morning renders it next to an impossibility to watch what one-fifth of them are doing. Amongst those that are now regular attendants upon the course are Sir Modred, Somnus, Hilarious, Idalium, The Czar, W ellington, Riverton, Warhawk, Lord Clifden, Advent, Sir Oliver, The Ghost, Creswick, Brian Bora, Trump Yoss, Saionara, Gamin, Warlock, Mercury, Chatterer, Wheatear, Zulu, Primrose, Spinningdale, The Gazer, Gipsy Cooper, Milbrodale, Waxy, Sardonyx, Topaz, Home Rule, Pawn broker, Satanella, Bandalbion, Harp of Erin, Cetewayo, Canary, Master Avenel, Lord Burghley, Sweetmeat, Surry, Wizard, Allander, Lesbia, Bushman, Albyn, Eros, Bella drum. Larpent, Attache, Prince George, Darebin, Terrible Billy, Bathurst, Martindale, Monmouth, Paragraph, Morpeth, Segenhoe, Saunterer, The Witch, Frying-pan, Magnet, My Lord, Nautilus, Alarm .Bell, Lowlander, Bos worth, Blue Ribbon, Semiramide, Roederer, Respite, Com motion, Mistake. The Nut, Adventurer, Don Quixote, Sunbeam, Josephine, Surveyor, Pollio, and a host of others, including a number of jumpers. The Caulfield tracks are used by Stockbridge, Weetbury, Santa Claus, Sir . Joseph, Waterloo, Mapper Tandy, Syndicate, Birth day, Incognito, Woodlands, Himalaya, Norfolk, Trumpeter, Tangle, Creme de Bouzy, Kalo, Gran ville, Robbie Burns, Doncaster, Liberator,' Bar One, Nunny Kirk, Caezar, Tamworth, Mariner, Danebury, and others. The St. Alban's team comprise Duchess, Pro gress, Somerset, Royal Maid, Tourmaline, Remembrance, Verdure, Mistakes, and about 10 others. Greyhound, Billy Nuts, Iphigenia, Miss Panic, Bruno, Cynic, Pirate, The Cockney, and Comet are at Brighton ; and amongst those that are being put through the mill at Wilfiamstown are Mr. De Mestre's string Orient, Guinea, The Wander ing Jew, Courtenay, Sunset, Gudarz, Sweet William, and three two-year-olds, by Robinson Crusoe. Petrel, Princess Alice, and Queen Bee are also to be seen at the fishing village. At Ballarat, Mr. R. Howie has a very numerous team, and amongst them are The Duke, Snwarrowj Lothair. Egerton, Grand Duchess, Koh-i- nooOr, Euchre, Gippslander, Cruiser, and Ajax. T. Wilson has Atlantic. Mowerina, Miss Angler, Sir Peter, Twilight, King of Trumps, Left Bower, Game, Great Wee tern, Bandy Andy, Lilian, and Seven Hills. 