CHILDREN'S COLUMN. THE CHILD OF THE SUN. CHAPTER III. DRIVEN OCT. Ten years bad passed away, and one evening a yonng, slender, and singularly handsome boy sat on the steps of the Temple. His attitude was one of despondency; his dark eyes as they gazed on the river where the flower boats still went merrily up and down as of old were full of a sad yearning. And it was no wonder that the child was sad, for that morniDg his best friend and protector the old Abbot had been buried. The cakes and rice had been laid on the grave for his wandering ghost to eat; the rocky seat sculptured beBide it where the spirit might sit when it came to revisit the scenes of earth; morsels of gilded paper had been strewn about to scare away the demons; and then his priests and the boy whom he had loved had come away and left him to silence. The priests were busily discuss, ing in the Temple who was to be his successor, but the boy sat on the steps and thought sadly of the friend who was gone. "How kind he was to me," he thought. "The others, most of them laughed at me often, when he was not by, because of my name, the name of .Royal, which he gave me, and which he told me always to keep. He be lieved in me; he taught me all I knew; he told me his vision, and the strange things attending my birth; and he said that one day I should be a great man, and should fight the enemies of my country. The others tell me that my father is John the Fisherman, and that he and my mother are but poor people, living many mileB down the river, in the little village of Fishes. But he called me Child of Heaven, Child of the Sun! How can both be true ?" And the boy looked wistfully down the river to where the Sun was setting in a flood of gold and crimson radianoe, as if he would ask of his great Parent to dis cover to him the mystery of his origin. At this moment there emerged from the door of the Temple a fat middle-aged priest, with a round oily-looking face, and small eyes that twinkled with a sinister light. The boy started and coloured when he saw him, for this man had always been his enemy, and had seized sly opportunities for tormenting him, and Royal shrank from the idea of meeting him, now that his proteotor had left him for ever. " What do you here, idle one ?" asked the priest in a harsh tone. " Why do you cumber the steps of eur temple, and how long do you intend to remain a pensioner on our bounty ? The foolish old man who pampered you, and filled your head with .nonsense by telling you bis visions and his dreams is gone now, and your days of idleness are over. A fine dreamer he was, truly! He told of his visions, and that we were to expect a heavenly visitant, a Child of the Sub, and when we were all holding our breaths in expectancy, who should appear but a wretched tramp and his wife, footsore and hungry, and with scarcely a rag of clothes on their baoks! And then when you, a puling infant, appeared, the infatuated old man still stuok to his story, declaring that you, wretched little beggar, were the Child sent from Heaven, the son of the glorious Sun- Cod! Ridiculous old fool!" The boy had risen to his feet, and his dark eyeB were fixed flashing with aoger on the face of his tormentor. " Beware how you speak of him, priest!" he said. " Say of me what you will, but do not abuse the dead. He is a coward who speaks evil of one who is for ever silent. As for me," the boy's voice faltered, and he pressed both hands on his chest as if to keep down something which he felt rising there. "I be lieve that what he said of me is true. Something rises within me every now and then, which I cannot understand, which speaks to me whis pering—' You are a king, and the son of a king, and you shall do kingly deeds!'" The priest cowered before the light of those glowing eyes fixed on him so steadily, but it was only for an instant. " A king 1 The son of a king! I tell you, boy, that we know where .your father has gone; he is John the Fisher man, a poor man, who lives by hard labour. He is now in the little village of Fishes, near the mouth of this river, and he and your mother have many other children besides yourself. Your place iB with him, helping him to mend his nets and launch his boat, and if you travel down the river towards the setting sun you will reach him. And let me advise you," continued the priest with a sneer, to drop that absurd name of 'Royal,' that the Abbot gave you. Royal, indeed! a fine name for a fisherman's brat! Call yourself John, or the son of John the Fisherman; it will be moire sensible. The other name only makes you a laughing-stock wherever yon go." The boy turned away, and looked silently down the river; then he looked at the priest OBce more. " I will go," he said; " since you refuse me food and shelter, I will go to find my father. But remember," he went on, drawing his slender figure to its full height, " some day X will come back, and then I shall be no longer a boy, but a man. I shall bring an army at my back; then let those beware who have insulted me." Again the priest felt a curious sensation of dread creeping over him, for he knew well enough that Royal was not as other children, and he never conld meet the light that shone as from an inward fire in those glorious eyes, with out feeling somewhat daunted. But he shook the feeling off instantly, and saying, " Go, then, beggar and tramp, back to the dirt from which yon sprang," he raised hiB foot to spurn the boy from him. But the insulting gesture was too late. Already Boyal had sprang down tho steps, and taking one last look round at the Temple which had sheltered him for so many years, he set off bravely down the road by the river, turning his lace to the setting sun. 