THE GHOST OF MR LAMOND. The " Harbinger of Light," a spiritualistic journal, publishes the disclosures made by the above ghost through a medium, as to the circumstances connected with the making ot ins will in tins sphere : — " On a given evening the ghost came, and took possession of the medium, who was in state of trance, . and in a tone of voice closely resem bling that which was peculiar to George Lamond in the flesh, with a vehemence of manner that was equally characteristic of him, he spoke as follows: — 'True iriend of other days. Four of us have often sat together. Two were true ; and two were false. And . I have come from the world of spirits to tell you that I was not myself when I made my will. I have realised that old and well-worn truth that sooner' or later sin brings its own punishment, for the faults and follies of my early years were visited on me at the close of my earthly existence. My brain ' was weakened by early excesses, and Mac. and that woman knew it. I became subject to them as the patient , to the electro-biologist. Under her influence I ceased to be a free agent, and directly I crossed the boundaries ( of the two worlds my eyes were opened, and I knew how I had been duped and imposed upon, but I cannot undo it. The money will do them no good ; but in that woman's hands it will prove to be a curse to her and to her confederate. Look at her and see to what a depth of idleness a woman may descend. Look at. her with a lying spirit on her lips. .They lied to me continually. . They tliltj.me you werenot'my friend ; they' poisoned my mind . qgaihst you. ; they kept yoli from me; and mc from you. I wanted to add a nodical to. my will, making some provision for, you,- hut they prevented me from doing so. James Smith, I swear to you before my God, it was they, and not. I, who did that thing. When I think of those two. .poor faithful creatures (old ladies with whom he had lodged) turned adrift upon the world so cruelly, it grieve?, me more than 1 can express, Tell' 'Mac. from me that he can have the money, hut u. will lie his curse, and her' s to. -They told me it was for the great cause; and that J was only a'stetyarcl uf my wealth for that cause., yiy onr.soiupon tluun! Tell G. and P. if they wll come here 1 will speak to them. , 1 know, iliey are inlatuated, anirP so was 1, 'iihd so were you) until God' opened your eyes and you broke away from that wicked woman — for she is a wick ed, woman. She has been strong for good as she is now strong for evil. Once she gathered around her spirits of the highest order ; now | she is under the dominion of spir its of the vilest and most evil char- | acter. He and she called them-, selves my friends. Friends 1 Ex cepting those faithful old creatures, you were the only friend I had. Let there be no misunderstanding between us two. I cannot undo what is past, I can only explain. Tell Mac. the dead has come back from his grave, to warn the world against his wiekedness. Life is short, and eternity is long. Let them glory in their iil-gotten wealth ; but mark my word, it will turn to dust and ashes in the spending. C. will be a great man. I can do no thing for you, but I will stand by your son, and will guide and guard and impress him through life. A burden has been lifted off my soul by this conversation.' " The narrative proceeds with some more 'touches of remorse, and the Ghost winds up his long-winded story by thanking the company, like a candidate. " Here the medium," continues the report, " of whom G. L. had taken possession, rose up and stood erect, lifted her hands over her head, and went through the motion of tearing a document in pieces and trampling it under foot, saying, 'As I destroy this, so will their happiness be de stroyed and brought to nothing. . God bless you. Good night.'" Exit medium. 