The Advertiser SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1881. BIBLE reading in State schools appears to be one of those public questions that will from time to time crop up for discussion, no matter what efforts are made to keep them cut of sight. In England, in the colories, and in America honest attempts at final legislation on the subject have been repeatedly made, but only with the effect at Lest of allaying agitation for a time. Wben enactments fcave been made in favor of Bible reading the advocates of purely secular instruction have simply waited for a suitable-opportunity to get rid of them. And when the laws have excluded the Bible there has been a party pledged to witch for the first occasion when they might obtain the abolition of a law which they regard as a blot on tbe statute-book. With obsti nate tenacity of life the question refuses to die. And though, like the junior partner of Dicker's famous firm of Scrooge and Marley, it has been pronounced " as dead as a doer nail,*' it has appeared again, like Marley s ghost, to puzzle and worry the gentlemen who supposed they had buried and seen the List of it. Some day, no doubt, this ghost, like others, will cease to haunt and trouble men; but that will only be when their consciences are at rest in the conviction that justice has been done to all concerned in the business. How long hence that may be who will venture to predict? Just now we are threatened in this colony with the rediscus eion of the whole subject At the last session of the Church «f England Synod in Adelaide it wis resolved to invite the co-operation of the heads of the various churches to initiate a movement to secure religious instruction in the State schools of South Australia. These gentlemen met last week and discussed the question at considerable length. It was'to be expected that in a meeting composed almost exclu sively of ministers of religion there shoul 1 be a consensus of opinion as to the neces sity of religious instruction being impute! to the young. But on the question whether such instruction should be {riven in State echo* Is, ani if eo, whether it was desirable tt present to agitate the public mind on the subject, there was con siderable diversity of opinion. At length a bald resolution, affirming that it was desirable that the Bible should be read in all public schools, was adopted by a small majority. TLe mcetii'g then adjourned for a week, and on reassembling on Wednes day last almost unanimously agreed to accept the syllabus of moral and r<;li^ious irstiuction in use in the London School Board Schools as a basis upon which such rttruciion might be adopted in South Aus tralia. The extraordinary list of questions that the Bon. 11. Scott desired should be Submitted to public school teachers, and ithich we criticised in last Wednesdays issue of this paper, must be taken, it may be assumed, as a part of the movement set afoot by tbe Synod; so that both in Par liament and outside the question seems destined once more to be discussed. We have constantly advocated the cause of secular education in our State scbools; and it is lo be rearetted that the provisions cf the present Education Act are not accejitid by all sections of the community with sutb cordiality as should at least secure for them a more lengthened and thorough tiial thr.n tLey hare yet received. Clause 0 of tLe Act provides that "In every public school four and a half hours at least shall i be set apart during each seiiool-day for ! secular education only ; and such schools mty open in'tiie morning-a quarter of an hruT at least btfere the time fired for such secular instruction to commence for the purpose of reading portions of tbe Hjly Scriptures in the authorised or Douay ver sion. TLe attendance of children at such reading shall not be compulsory, and no sectarian or denominational religious teach ing shall be allowed in any school." This clause was a compromise between what was sought on the one hand by the advocates of dLitinctire religious and denominational teaching, and on the other by advocates of secular in struction pure and simple. It permits Bible instruction—not sectarian—but does not insist upon it. It is to be wished that .this could have been permanently accepted by all parties. At the same time it is not surprising that it has been regarded by many as only a tentative measure, to be superseded as soon as they could obtain something more in harmony with their own views. That this feeling should exist is the more natural because when the clause was under discussion in the Assembly it was carried by a majority of only one vote. The question was warmly debated as to whether Bible reading should be compulsory or optional— whether the clause should read "may " or "shall;" and on whichever side the victory was won by so small a majority it could scarcely be expected that the defeated party would accept the decision as final and permanent. The right therefore of either parly to reopen the question must be con ceded, though it is to be regretted that the gentlemen now qgitating it cannot be satis fied to allow the existing law to have a longer trial and then to be judged bv its results. The distinction between secular education and irreligious education is too frequently overlooked; and in the discus sions that have lately taken place a good deal of tbe argument has gone ou the gratuitous and erroneous assumption that the education of the public schools is irre* ligious. Every right-minded person in the com munity would deprecate a system of educa tion that would produce a godless and vicious generation of men and women. Bat to insist that State schools shall impart secular instruction only does not necessarily result in such an issue. By all means let a careful religious instruction ba imparted. But it is not the province of the State to meddle in the matter. If, however, the ques tion of religious teaching must again be con sidered, and if a purely secular system will not satisfy the majority of the people who have a right to express themselves on the subject, then some such system as that adopted by the London Schocl Board, and now under consideration of the committee of representatives of the various churches, improbably as likely to meet the caee as any that can be proposed. It was adopted by the thoroughly experienced body of ladies and gentlemen composing the London Scfcool Board after prolonged and exhaus tive discussion, and having now had a trial of two and a half years it is said to work almost without friction. Certainly these two considera tions must have weight with intelligent people. It would scarcely be possible to secure anywhere a more competent board of educationists than the elected London School Board; and no measure of such im portance as this could be adopted by them without the most searching examination both of the principles and details of its prcr visiore. Then tbe theatre of their opera tions gives them unparalleled opportunities of testing the practicability of the scheme. Thtir constituents represent all pos sible phases of belief and opinion; and if they have evolved a sys tem that satisfies the demands of the people of London who chum for their children something more than a purely secular education, without offending the susceptibilities of those who reseat all State interference in such matters, they have achieved a result that entities them to the thanks of the nation. In another, article we may more fully investigate the syllabus of the London School Board. At present we have not space to say more than that we respect the judgment of the pro moters of the present movement in South Australia in fortifying themselves bytba use of so influential an authority ani 83 successful an experiment. The annual debate in the House of Com mons on the subject of capital punishment has resulted as usual. The motion for the second leading of Mr. Pease's Bill was rejected, on June 22, by a majority of 98. The total number of members who voted is not given, and it is therefore impossible to say how fax the division indicates an alteration of public opinion on the question. The recent discussion most have possessed unusual interest owulj to the fact that members of Parlia ment were in possession of an ekborat) and comprehensive report on the laws of foreign countries respecting homicidal crime. This return was asked for last year by Mr. Fease, and being assented to the request was embodied in instructions issued from the Foreign Office to Her Mijestyls representatives and consular officers abroad. Statistics in conformity with Lord Graal Tille's request were collected in the majority of civilised countries, the exceptions, set ting Turkey aside, being Portugal, Greece, Switzerland, and Holland, bat in respect to the bitter perhaps better .and cer tainly later information than coold hare been supplied at the the time is accessible. Whether or not capital punishment should be retained is a question that provoked much discussion two months ago in the Dutch States General daring the conside ration of measures to revise the criminal code. Tee weight of opinion was opposed to its retention, principally on the ground assumed by the Miniver of Justice when he coLtended that punishment to be ai effectual deterrent must be certainj co tlat criminals may not reckon ob escape from their merited doom. Better, it is urged, the certain infliction of a life punishment than the chance of having juries disagreeing because the death penalty is abhorrent to them, or having; the condemned respited because humane monaicbs or the solicit itions of public opinion ensure the commutation of the extreme penalty. With the arguments for and against capital punishment nearly every general reader is pretty familiar. With thesa save in so far as they may be dedocedfrom recent statistics we have no intention to deal. And this chiefly for the reasons that the published facts abundantly demonstrate that different countries will continue to adhere to different codes and modes of punishment, and thatthe conflicting testimony adduced most inevitably leave public opinion on the question as unsettled as ever. One deduction may, indeed, be clearly drawn from the mass of collected evidence, and that is that the States which still hold by capital punishment are be coming more and more unwilling to enforce it, and consequently are vitiating any raison d'etre for its retention. Another deduction is that fresh definitions might with advantage be introduced into the law in caaaa of murder. England is almost alone among na tions in not instituting degrees in the capital crime. No distinction is made bet ween the legal guilt of the person who commits th? most atrocious murder and the person who is guilty of the crime under lass heinous and revolting circumstances. As has been observed —" The plainest distinction which we do not make, but which is adopted elsewhere, is tlat between homicide with premeditated intention and homicide with inter tics, but unpremeditated—a distinc tion expressed most concisely and simply in the new Hungarian Penal Cade, and found more or less clearly defined in the cedes of France, Belgium, Russia, Dan- ' mark, Spain, and several of tbe moat im portant Ameiican States. In our law 'malice aforethought' is the essential re quired to make unlawful homicide murder; and it may exist, as Mr. Justice Stephen points out in bis "Criminal Digest," on the authority of Lord Coke, where the act is unpremeditated. 'Malice afore thought' in our law means in effect little, if anjthiDg, more than 'with intention to kill.'" With the separation of the crime of murder into two degrees, the higher of which would be punished with certain death, a charge that many people consider most desirable would be effected, and judge and jury wonld alike feel their position less acutely when called upon to discriminate and decide upon murder cases. In addition to the Foreign Office report there ere to hand statistics issued by the Howard Association upon the relation be tween sentences to death and the numbers of the executions that followed. From these it appears that from ISn to 1830 in Austria BCC persons were sentenced to death, but only 16 were executed; in Frarce 108 sentenced, 93 executed; in Spun. 291 condemnations, 13G executions • in Sweden and Norway 6 executions out of 40 capital sentences; in Bavaria, of 219 foucd guilty of muider 7 were hanged; in Denmark only one person was exe cuted out of 94 sentenced to death; while in Gtrmany also only one, liiisdel, who fired at the Emperor, was executed, although no less than 1,304 perioas were convicted of homicidal crime durirur the decade. In the United States the systems adopted vary, as dots also the proaeness toclemtccy in the different states; but in nearly all Judge Lyxch still asserts a re markable supremacy, for it is reckoned that - while there are about 2,500 murders a year in the United States, only abaut 100 persons are hanged by authority, and an equal number suffer the extreme penalty through, lynching. Revetting to the report presented to the British Parliament we find that c*piUl pmuafcment is still retained almost without exception in European countries, tbough, as we have pointed out, with the qualifica tion inyolved in the adoption of degrees of murder. In France parricide, poiswiingi .assassination, and infanticide ate punish able -with death, though every one is familiar with instances of the successful ingenuity of French advocates in establish ing extenuating circumstances. In Prussia the death-penalty is aleo retained, but is practically a dead-letter. la Bavaria Capital punishment is the law, but is rarely Carried into effect. In Belgium the same anomalous condition of things is witnessed to an exceptional extent, for no executions have taken place since the accession of the present monarch in December, 1865, King Leopold absolutely refosing to sign death warrants. In Sweden public decapitation is the statute punishment for murder, but exactly one half of twenty-six persons con victed were condemned, and of these only three were executed, the sovereign like his «brother of Belgium" being hostile to capital punishment. In. Austria private banging is the capital punishment indicted fcr certain defined cases of murder, those of a lees heinous nature being punish able with imprisonment for life. The case is pretty much the same with other Countries. In Bussia, however, capital punishment is reserved for those guilty of high treason, conviction for simple murder being visited with imprisonment for life; but martial law makes amends for the ahortcomings of the code in this respect. In Italy, again, capital punishment is prac tically in abeyance. In the conclusion of the Extradition Treaty with Roumania it was a condition precedent that the King should expressly agree to commute any capital sentence passed 'upon malefactors extradited from that country, and to this JDng Humbert acceded. In die different States of the American Union the law is various, though gene rally speaking "it may be said that those States which recognise two degrees of murder, as distinguished from man slaughter, uniformly profess to punish the first, and the first only, with the death sentence." Several of them, however, have sboliehed capital punishment, though in Shode Island, where it was done away with in 1852, it was revived in 1872, as the punishment for convicts guilty of murder vhile undergoing imprisonment. In Michi gan the death-penalty was abolished as early as 1846, and in Maine as recently as 1876, but the experience of the former is that murders are not increased, whereas tiat of the latter points to the greater frequency of homicide. Ex uno Cute, onmes. The same varying tale is heard from the States reported upon, though it must be allowed that the balance of opinion inclines to the conclusion that xmuders are not increased by the abolition oi capital punishment, the fear of which, ageio, it is contended does not act as a deterrent. Indeed, from the returns fur nished in reference to Wisconsin the horrors of life imprisonment would seem to surpass the terrors of death on the gallows. The majority of die " lifers" go mad, and the doctors declare that while many are sure to become insane in less than ten years, all cf them who live are likely to be completely mad within twenty. This is a statement worth pondering over by humanitarians. The fact is no doubt dee to the hopeless imtnureaient of tiese wretches fur the term of their natural life. Ko piospect of a mitigation of their sen tence is held out to them in that state, but in lowa and fflicoia tbe other extreme is reached by a system of cumulative miti^ra tiots that almost offers inducement to murder. .English communities as a rule take a medium course. Over their gaol pottals is not writ," Abandon hope all ye who enter here," and the expectation of rtlease raised would eeem to be, if not politic, undoubtedly clement and humane- Tbe House of Assembly having by a U'ge raajoiity determined that a tender for the ccLkttnction of the ieund section of the A.de- Jkido «od Btinm Hallway shootd be accepted tfce Gavetsmcnt have lost no time in carrying cot i'.i expressed will. Oa Friday the tewiez ot ?Utst«.Ss?lie,Oaviw > & Wishart at £119.932 «m accept* d. This was the lowest tender rrceived, tbe next being that of Heatrs. B. £esie 4 Co., which amounted to £129,331. By the mail tbe acting-superintendent of cctU? (Mr. G. S. Wright) Has received from the Northern Territory foil particular! of the «coitu taken there. It will be remembered that Ur. Wiigtt estimated the population of the vLole colony at 276,615, sad the figarea jaat to b*id tfcfiw that he m not far en.*, the total ami tinting to 279,665, exclusive of aborigines. President Gaifield is again reported by h;e physicians to be in a favorable condition, ?L.d faoguine hopes are txpresied of an early itcovtry. The Koyal Gommiation, uader the I>rt.eidcDcy of Sir Hercules Bobioson, appointed t- consider affairs connected with the late wir in tie Xtanaraai, are mid to be suiting satisfactory progress with their work. ALOiber wanton outrage has been committed iu Irelacd at a plaoe called Oallow, in Ooanty sVayo, on a process server. The man, whilst in tfcfc txccntion of fcia duty, waa cet upon by a g«ng of ruffians and nearly murdered. Hi* as- Ci-iitnt* have not yet been apprehended. The pbylloitra vastatrix is committing great ravages in Portaga), and ia the Doixo \?kity many of tbe vi^ocrons ha7e been totally mined by the peat Winea for export from that country vili be less in quantity aod «f inftiior quality tbu jear. Toe proipeeU of tLe tpproacbing hop crop in the south of Bag- Jsrd are eplecdid, and the yield ia expected to fct unmnaUy large. The sugar market eratiaues dull, and compctitiin ia still very feeble, pcieea •Lowing a ffcli^ft of one ahilling* per o vt. The Government -propose to establish nhcol boards of edvioe for South aod North AdcUiae. Tbe steam-launch Abeo'na was removed {run the Semaphore on Friday, and will ply oa tbe liiver Xoztcns this afternoon. We are informed that the shares in the Vocdtke Gold Mining Company have been allotted on the pro rata batis. The rpecimens of jdd in qoMtz and retorted gold from die xt-optrty are to be shown ia Mr. Fischer's Vidowtc-day. Tee following names were omitted from the litt of patseogera who left by the K.SLS. Cathay, which sailed from Glenelg onThars d?j, July 7:—For Soaiihampton—Mr. «ud Mrs. X BocaiDgs and child, ana the Misses Green. £. Green, and Watt. The City Council at a special meeting fct'd on Friday Adopted a memorial, which is iiitrcdtd for presentation to the Commissioner «t Public Works, letting forth the olaimg of the ci'itti.B to a reduotiunof the very higa water rtus sitich are new charged. Tbe memorial * M be presented eatly next week. 1 The annual distribution of prizes in con i).ciii;u with St. Peter's College took place on I icay. Bis Excellency the Governor presided, ai <i thire was a latge atteudanca of parent* and viiiture. The proeeediogs, which occupied an ntir/fiiaily long time, pasted oS very aasisfa)* ttr.iy. An inauguration service in connection «ith the Adelaide BxhibUion is to be held to morrow. Tbe service will be conducted by the VtD. Arehdeaoonboro, ageUted by other clergy v-tB- Tbe choir will causist of about 150 ear ftiictd cborittets, and rhe aceonipanunent will bt eopplied bj tbe Aottrian Baud; According to the Port Pirie paper, unde terred by the lots mutained by the unf ortojoate wreck of the schooner Experiment, the Port Puie Shipping Oompany have added another «aft to their fleet of vessels. The Mary Webster, the new purchase, is a fine schooner of erne 90 tons, and is in every way fitted far the tcele. Early on Friday morning as J. J. Hillier, a newspaper runner, was driTiug along Mifcehaai to?d, bis horse took fright at a heap of fltoneaatttie side of the road, and inferring •tuniWed over an icon bar protruding above the ground. Hillier was thrown with great violence, and besides being cut about the face a great dtai also received a severe shaking. The Chinese gardeners at Kapundt, ham cfiered* reward of £5 for theconvtetionef the person who maUetoaslv spread the repott that tiey were attacked fey amailpoi. Tfae local paper states that though they are not ailing in any way, tbe report mused such a sjosre that no one would bay vegetables from them on Monday last, nor indeed allow them to enter their premises. A moonlight parade of two companies of the Adelaide rifles, V.«LF.,took place on Friday evening. There was a good muster of tfae members of both the West Adelaide and North Adtlaidecompanies,andttiemenwereexercisea ! for about two hours in company drill, Captain Harrold's men remaining oo file parade-ground while Oaptain Qretton's company proceeded to tfae East Park Lands. To- morrowHieLordsbip Bishop Reynolds will lay tbe foundation-stone of the new Oonvent of the Sisters of St. Joseph, atMiteham. He will first celebrate mass at 11 o'clock, asd at its teiminMion the ceremony will take place. We tradfHtandtbat the vocal part of the procead ingn will be carried ont by tfae choir from St | Fianoia Xavier'& Cathedral, assisted by the choir ] . from at Ignatius Ohoroh, Norwood. ! On Thursday evening Mr. Rowland Rees addressed a meeting of the elector* of Vatala at Waste? a. There was a large attendance, and Mr. Thornton presided. Mr. Bees having ex plained his views to the meeting in a way that evidently met with their approbation, Mr. Colleypriest .proposed, aud Mr. Gilmore seconded, Mr. Bees as a proper person to repre sent the district in Parliament. This was carried nnanimonaly and amid cheering. Ameetiogof shareholders of the EcLunga Gold Mining Company (Limited), in terms of the prospectus, waa held at tbe office of Mr. W. Tj. Ware, King William- street, on Friday. There vat a gcod attendance. The memo randum and articles of association were gone through by Mr. Sheridan (of Bray & Sheridan, solicitors of the company) and agreed to. The directors appointed were Messrs. E.H. Bigot, H. BeHingbaiD, W. Whinham, Joseph Alien, and T.t- CottreU; and Messrs. J. S. Scott and T. O. Wicksteed were elected auditors. Mr. J. W. B. Croft, who has for some time filled tbe position of assistant; ctationmwter at the Adelaide Telegraph Station, was on Irriday erepirg the recipient of two very handsome (resent*, from various officers of ;the servioe, on tbe eve of his departure to Mount Gambier, where be is to take charge of the local offios. There were abobt fifty gentlemenlpreaeat. etr.O. Todd, CMG. (Postmaster-General and Super- I intendent of Telrgraphs) presided, and tfae whole proccedi?g6 were of a most enthusiastic character. At a meeting of the district committee of tbe Primitive Hethod'st Ohoroh, held in Adelaide, on Friday, July 8, the invitation to rend representatives to the oammittee recently formed to consider the subjeol of religious teaching in State schools was considered, and a decision was arrived at disapproving of the proposal to introduce religions teaching into Government nbools, and only to support any j propctsl for Bible reading without note or oon- i meet. lii pursuance of this decision the Bev. J. G. Wright and Mr. Thomas Parker were appointed representatives of the oonnexioual district committee. In our obituary notices the death, of Mr. Pettr Camming, at tfae age of 65, is announced. The deceated gentleman of late years has led a. vet j retired life, but old colonists will remem ber him as a candidate for tbe representation of Koith Adelaide some thirty years ago, when tbe subject cf State aid to religion was the test qucsticn, and be sustained a signal defeat, the late Mr J. Btntham Kieales being elected. As a citizen and a man of business, however, Mr. Cammicg was altrajs held is high esLeem, aad tile news of his decease will occaiion wids tptetd tcttowaxnCLgbUnumerous frieeds and acquaintances. The coal venture at Wandear&h;, writes the Port Pirie paper, has gone ahead wonder* fully, the whole of the capital nesevsary to carry on preliminary operations having been sub scribed stortly after the project was moated. There axe, we are informed, undeniable indica tions of the existence of coal in Wandearab, asd as soon as the boring apparatus arrives the work will be began inesroett. It is to be toped that this enterprise will meet with the reward it so jcrtiy merits, for beyond anything else a coal mine wooTd be rrost calculated to benefit, not oily tbe immediate district, bat tbe colouy at Urge. Tfae following letter has b^en received by Mr. J. B. Auntin in reply to ote he arrote tj tte Zbacsger of T2& Lad/ Jeivoi* olauns: — " Kchungs, July 7-— Dear Sir— fam greatly an doj td to bear that any one cajs thegs) d and speci men 1 brought you sever came from oar claims, t can pi ore the; did and can ahow the place. I am cmtoening and bave opened what appears tsbea fine reef. By «a*bing we get fine gold, abo by cruabiog tbe atoce. Tfae reef runs nearly north acd south, and underlays east. I believe it will prove a rich reef. Alotot <oli and tome good uptcisiens have been taken from the cap and along the cwnea of the teA." The ordinary monthly meeting of the Hisdmarfch Institute was held in the institute on Thundsy evening, July 1, the president (Mr. Joseph Ashtoo) and nine members being preitnt. Tbe building committee reported oa the *tnt;?g for the sew ball, acd a vote of thanks was accorded to them for their successful efforts. It «ae resolved tbat the thanks of the oammitte* be tec>!<red to the msycr (Mr. F. E BaoknaH, M.P.) for tb offer to open the hall with a bseqoet. A tub-committee was appointed to atrerge for a seties of entertainments in aid of tfce building fund*, duo notice of which will be put* iely given, rte committee decided that no applicaiiuts f i.r hir«s of the hall be entertained until after the bsxs&r; bss been held in Septem ber next. The question of purchasing some new books wss defmeo till next meeting. One of those distressing cases which are unfortunately of too frequent occurrence was trkd at tbe Gawler Msgistratet* Court on Friday, before Mr. T. O. Jones, J.P. A Mrs. Newman charged her husband with threatening her lite. Tfce ptoteoa rix, a young wemaa.made her complaint, which was that defendant had threatened to ebcot her, in a straightforward mesner. Zt was evident that jealousy bad been ti e cause cf the conduct on the part «t tae man. Eventually the magistrate bound defendant over to beep the peace for six months. Toe woman applied for maintenance, and said she would be t&tUtied; witb enough to keep her two children, bat that the would not live with her husband aty longer. Although not summoned to appear in the matter of maintenance Newman agreed to give a reasonable amount and to allow his wile to remove all her clothes. The following appointments hare been rcede by the Minuter of Education:—Kudalph Mietke, head-teacher Manoora, to be bead teacher Port Victor, from July 1; Arthur Murphy, head-Uact.ec Tothill's Creek, to be fcesd-tcfecher M&noota; from July 1; Kdmund Kcmudy to be head-teacher Oakland's from July 1 to December 31. To be provisional •tcchtrs—Caroline Ifonter.Kybanga from July 14; James Mitchell, Hand red of Ualkey, tam July 1. Transferred from Dalkey—Mrs. Miller, Mount Melville, from July 1; Mary L. Bishop, larctlot, from April 25; Charles P. Lakeman, Hawker, fiom May 1. To be tewiog-mistretsee —Margaret ioeoau, T*o Wells, from April 4; Dorothy liewtnu, Jfjaertowu, from Februiicy iZ; Emily J. Wincey, Yabl Paddjek, irom July 1, rice Jane Wincey. Tj be monitors— Frank A. Kehder, Walloway, from May 1; £)kn BeU, Teatree Guiiy, from May 9 ; Jemima Eott&ics.JialLauaii;, from March L. Mounted Constable Coijtr, stationed at Pott Augticta. received a report from Mr. Jtmn Me Vesl.overteerof Island (Areek atation.etatiog tbat he had discovered the remains of a maa ou the 27th of June. The constable u.t once set out for tfce spot, which is situated about fiiteeu miles to tbe wect of Fort Augusta, and upon arrival found the skeleton of a nun in an nodistarbed state. It had evidently been there tor tome time past, and was beyond recognition. The clothes were on the body, and the heud wan resting on a swag which had completely decajed. The trooper took charge of the property that . waa lying near. A pocket-book was found con< aining f apers, among which was one bearing it is thought the came of the deceased George WLlium Ofaristy. Alongside was some paper and a pencil, us if jubt btf ore dying the man had ib.tci.dtd to write, but his strength must have eudclfcbly fuiki}. Ttiere bfiug no eaapicious ciicwmbmcee cenneeted with the case the tictytr inUrred the body and took charge of tLe jjtcperty. Kit. F. N. Cbefison, iu a communication to the Loudeu Daily Atwi, eujlote* a letier ticm a tectltmau who ttcoumpauied toe sous ol the Priixe of Wklea an their recent visit to Cett-Kijo. In hie account of the visit this | fcCDt)en.en wiitts:— •■ With the two yoing Priccca he was more direct. After tbe usa«i lornitl ccurtetiea end change cf photogriphs, the tvo tojs rote aud expressed a wish to see Oetewajo's wives. 'Bt&y;, roj children,'aa.id the es- KifiC with a dignified w&ve; of the hand,*l have a word to cay. D.i you see that picture V pointing to a print of the Qaeen. 'I thiuk muih whe?llookon that. You are the grand tons cf that lady, I wish you to give her a mettage bom me. I have been long down here; lo one nas jet told me what wrong I have com mitted, nor given me an opportunity of answer ing for way conduct. Ido not know that I ever committed any wrong against tfae English. Yet they have taken me prisoner, and keep me here, and give no reasons. Tell your grandmother thir, and asy that when this war is over (the war in the Transvaal) I would ask her to lei me visit Bnglard.'" As indicative of the general progress of the community, Mr. G. H. Oargeaj's press agency is worthy of remark. He haa lately bad extensive alterations carried out in connection with the premises taken by him at Victoria tqoaie east, and bu opened them as a general fares* agency. The bant position of tte ground floor is occupied br the two offioes of the estab lishment, while the remainder, about S3 x SO feet, it devoted to * public neding-raom, whan ' tike various local, provincial, ana intercolonial ; papers may be inspected free of charge. It is probably not aaneraliy known that, including dailies, bi-weeklies, weeklies, aad monthlies, j forty-five paper* are published in the colony, all i of wltioh are filed •>*&>. Osqree^ room* wfaare , copies of the «Hffi«—<«4 ooionial directories, | handbooks, &e;, can also be obtained. The pro prietor addressee faimaaU bum particularly to the obtaining of advertisements for the papers, and baa had prepared a very useful sheet giving i all particulars in connection with the advertise ments, which are ticked off on every appear anee, so that the advertiser is is a position to see ata glance the nature of his advertisement j and the dates on which it appeared, and to refer to the files for verification. The roomi are well fitted up, and should prove a great convenience to the advertising and general public. The Port Pine Gazette has been ia formed that " a very fine specimen of malleable copper waa brought into the Port reoently. It waa foncd somewhere in the Flinders Bange, but in what precise locality is at preaentkept in the larfc. For some time prospecting has been quietly going on in the ranges, and as it is well known that they are rich in minerals it Umore then probable something has been struck which will prove of permanent value. Arauad Crystal Brook there are undoubted signs of gold, and for s locg time it bss been a matter of notoriety that many ounces of the preoious metal have been found there. While the present mania for gold-mining is setting in in the city ! it might be a wise step to get the district to ' which we have referred thoroughly tested for | auriferous deposits. There is no reason so far a* an ordinary person eau see why gold should not be distributed as widely over the western portion of this continent as the eastern. Any- i way the speculation is worth an honest and fair ' trial in our own immediate neighborhood. If nothing is found offering sufficient inducement for working not moeh money will be spent; bat en the other band should there be something ■track an impetus woold be given to trade which could not fail to be of advantage to the whole Noitb." It is stated in the Pcdl Mall Gazette that "the report of the South Australian Company for the year ended the 39th of April last says that the company is prosperous, although times are dull. Its fwopertiea axe valued at £IS.UH store than in the previous year, and its rent-roll came;to 1131,803, tor £676 [more. £10,000 of debenture debt have been repaid, and by the end of the year the whole of the £50,000 owed by the company in this way will, the board hopes, be paid off. A dividend at the rate of 8 per cent, per annum is recommended, payable half in July, half in January next, and also a bonosof Ipereent.orss.perahare.to bepaidwith the first moiety of the dividend. These payments absorb £32,000 of the profits, and leave £4,776 to fa* carried to the reserve fund, which will then stand at £38,440. A table at the end of the report shows the valuation of theptopertiei of the company to have risen from ftSSjQOO in 1860 to £776,000 last year, bat this Is, we sup poM. an estimate or bsok valuation of which as account is taken in the balance-sheet. The debts due to the company were £23,000 and £73,000' at these respective dates, and the rent roll has risen from £«.COO t0£41,000,0r £«jtK?. fieocipts from wharfs and from interest have inereared, the one from £5,000 to £19,600,"aad the other from £131 to £3,000." A meeting of the council of the Acclima tisation Society was held on Friday, July 6, at the office U the Bon. Henry Soott, bC.L.O., There were present His Honor tfae Chief Justice (president) in the chair, the Hon. Henry Soott and Dr. U*;o (vice-president*). Messrs. F. 3. Sscdeisoo, G. W. Goyder, D. Mamy. A. Abrahaw, G. Hamilton, F. G. Water-house, sad the hen. aterttsry (Mr. R. E. Minobin). The tccreUry was instructed to write to Atatsn. John Hiddocb, of Vallum Park, aad James W bite, of Kspnnris, expre—ing the thanks of the council for their farther liberal contributions to the fuLdt of the society. A memo, wa* read f ran the Hydraulic Engineer (Mr. Oswald Brown) stat ing tbat.tbe trout pond at the Taora&m; Park icietvoir would be ready for use by the 2ltd int. A letter waa received from the Salmon Ccmmissio&efs; in Hobart to the effect that over ii.OCO trout ova would be shipped f#r Adelaide at an early date. A tub-committee was ap pointed consisting of Or. Uayo, Hesus. Goyder, Murray, Hamilton, and tb« secretary, for the purpose of waiting on Dr. dehomborgk in refer tnce to • proposed zoological garden, and to the removal trom the PfttsTiinal Gudens of the present collection of soicntls and birds thereto. It was thought that a. suitable site could be fcucd eootiDgooQ* to the present gardens, thai enahlirg tbe public conveniently to inspect both gardens during one visit. At the Police Court, Gawler, on Ta-s -dsy, July 5, Herman Fredrick Wutumerberg was ccrcmitted for trial at tbe next Criminal i<etfioc« of the Supreme Court, for em btszlfcg the sum of £90 4s. 10d., the property of Merer*. W. Duroeld 3c Co. Toe ptitoner bad been in the employ of that firm a« a wbeat lajtr, and oa April 87 be seat ad vies to tbe office in Gawler that he had purchased IUJ btgs of wheat for tbe sum of £90 4s. lOd. Tiie firm's cheque was sent to cover that amount, ai>d Use money was handed to the priaoa&r.; Matters ■•f^'rf^ thus without suspicion for Hue time. About a fortnight after wards Musi*. Duffield Jt 00. received a communica tion from Tariee, fram a person whom Wuai merberg bad lett in his place, stating that he bad been away a fortnight and was still absent. But i>ieion being aroused a clerk wai seat up, «bo ditcovered that instead of about 340 bags of wheat, which should have been la stock, tbere were only 63 bags iu the store. Other deficiencies in flour, poTtard, be , were aUo dis covered, making the total deficiency over £200. Tteetidtnce with rxpeet to thenon-pare^uue of tfce 112 bags of whest was very ciesr. Toe javivtr reeexved bU defence, bail being alljweJ, biu.iu.lf in £100 and two sureties in £50 each. So bail being forthcoming Wujimerberg was fotsnsrded to town. On tbe subject of tbe preaeui speculatire mania the Kopunda Htraltt says:—" We should be tarry to write a word iu discouragement of ncjtbirg which would tend to the development of rbe latent resources of the coi^ii;'; oa the cciitrary, it should be a m?tt«r of cacgrs'.aU v.ou if tbe abundsnee ol money no* la hsod rbculd lead capitalists to devote some portion of it to toeb purposes as those we r«frr to; mud, therefore, we are glad that various coo^aoiea bave betn formed for the purpote of Uniting the value of vatloua districts reputed to be anrifer oof. But we are sotry to see that concurrent with tbia a eort vt mania for dealing in khsrta teems to have set in — a mania that can benefit none but the brokers, and ■feitb may probably result, as did tbe isortheru Territory mania, in impoverishing msry who by diut of industry aud fragility ruy have saved u fimali amount of capital. That thece should plu.ee some of their money iu tteft- companies as aa investmeat is dotira!>ie; out the ntacner In wtieb the sharea iu rarioti* <.<.mpacies bave been grabbed at, and imme diately rushed up to a premium witb nothing wfcatever to watrtnt rucfa a nee is *\?>urj, aod ean ccly tud disastrously for the m?u?, now t-vtr much a few knowing ones may gain thereby. To those who have money to invest, •bd who considi r tbt) prospreta of any public ccmranj good, we should say take an merest Utnin, aud retaiu it; but to use abate* asdics for gambling purposi? is to be deprecated, lieifuiee ooee that mania, takes possession of *uy cie it will cli'g to L;iu until it has cased liioi cl all he posu-taed." TLe committee of the Gawler lasutute teld tteir mouthSy meeting on luesday even leg, July 6. Thc-re wtte prescat —Medsrs. W. K. Lenta (prt?ideut), |>r. l'oph&m; (vioe prtbidt-Dt), W. H. Leveridjje (hon. sejretsr;), A.G.Oriac, J.V (treasunr), J. A. l'lunmer acd G. Warren, J.P. The aeordtary reported that the tubtcriber who haa damaged one ol tne books had paid tor it, aud had withdrawn her rcaignali&n.; imports {rum the Education De panmNit of New South Wales were reoaiv&i; nith U>kuk«, and it was r< solved that the stcrttary of the Education Department in Victoria be aUo written to, to that tua insci tuts) might have the rtportu ut the three cjlouies. On the motion of Mr. Oranz, some ot the •eeuery belcsgiug to -Piuiifare" waa lent to Mr. T. W. Ljous, who is gettiDg up a per formsuce of " ir'idaturu " iu aiicimdd tor the Leiitnt of cbaiities. Toe tcquired scenury irti to be lent tree, the borrowor retorain^ it in good obuditicn aud clear ot all expense. S .me coitvtnation tneutd witb reference to a proposal Uitu a giutlemon to get Dp the play of " Our &->t"* lor tbe benefit of Che institute. Eveu tnslly tfae matttr w&b; rehrred to tneentertaiu b.ci>t cummitlee, to which committee the uatne of Mi. fiurumer was added. The reports of jmiutt juboun-roitteeu wtte read, andauoouuts to tbt-Imount ut £17 13s. 6d. were cawed for pej mtt.t. AliLouj;li tbe caEualties on our coust kave cot l?tii vtiy numerous during the past half jt*r, jet they considerably exceeded in number tbcm uf tfce previous six mouths. During tne ball-jettr ti-oiug Otctmbtr 31, 1860, nineteen vettels grouoded,twelvecollided witheaeh other cr with wbarts, one was lost, and three others met with trivial accidents. In the next half jut, however, there were twenty-three ground lDfis, twenty-four veaaeki were ctineerntd in colliticns, one was lost, and there were abant half a dozen other accidtnts. Of those which grounded this year the Ooes?, Bxpariateut, Stctmbird, Lapwing, Oygnet, tillie Hawkins, Bmftae of Chins, Asi>ie Taylor, Madeliue, Franklin, Expert, Olaj more, May Newton, and Glenelg (64 tons), ran aground io the neighbor hood of the Fort or Semaphore; the Ohunbo fasa t Lady Diana, and a ketch (name unknown) at Tionbrfdge; tbe Glenavon at Port Pine, tfae Expert at Willunga, (be Pioneer at Point Lowly, and die Scottish Chief and Alfred Bawley at other planes In Speneer'a Gulf. The vessels that collided with each other ware the Stanley, 3. Longblin, Taramung, Ualoolm, Branklia, Peeehwood. Frinee Victor, Wilpau. Elsie, Btly. Wentworth, aaeteor, afayaoirer, Malcolm, Mimosa, Bore, Italy, Olaymore, Adelaide, and Glenelg (6i tons). Besides these , the Amelia ran foul of Maclaren Wharf at Port Adelaide, the Peuola fouled tfae wharf at Port Carouse, and the Euro fouled Kingston Jetty. Amongst the other aooidenfcs that occurred were a fire on board the Murray eteamar Oamberoon* end an injury to the machinery of the Kangaroo. Fortunately verr little aenotu i damage was done to any ot the vessels named through the aeeidenti. She only total loss that occurred was tbat of the Experiment, a ketch of 64 tons. The Endeavor sunk in the gulf, but was raised again in good order. Describing improvements effected at theKupunda reservoir the local paper says: < —"Some cuttings bave been made by Mr. Smith, witb the view of leading into the reservoir the rain caught on an area of about eighty to ninety acres, ih:it has hitherto ran to watte. The ground in question has an excellent running surface, being hard and clean. Mr. Smith estimates this will add about SO per cent, to the quantity of water already secured after each rain. We hope it may do so, for it is evident that some one haa blundered in con nection with the reservoir, for it was under- : ttocd the catch area was enough to fill it nearly twice in tbe jear with an average rain fall; whereas with a fall above tfae average it has sever been half fell, despite the faet that the laee cut by Mr. Woraley carries into it a considerable body of water from a source ant included in the fint estimate. It also appears strange that it had ,nqt been found oat at the ontzet that tfae area now being laid out under tribute by Mr. Smith was of no praotical service to the reservoir, when the channel ju?t now completed might bave been made when the works were beirig constructed. The present loeal manager, Mr. Bmith, appears to be determined to do all he can to render tfae undertaking a success, and now tbat the price is reduced the water would no doubt be largely used, if tfae supply and quality were better. By the way, we note that the Forest Board does not intend doing anything in tfae way of planting or sowing on its reserve la the Waterworks property this year, tfae reason stated being chat the cottage is tot completed. It is in band, and will not take loDg to finish. Surely tent or other accommoda tion might have been availed of in tfae meantime, rather than bave lost the advantage of the pre sent exceptionally favorable fceason." The work? in connection with the forth coming Adelaide Exhibition are progressing in a thoroughly latisfaotory manner. During tfce past day or two the small army of builders and decorators and the workmen of intending rxbtbitors have erXeeted quite a transformation in the appearance of the main building*, where, although macfa work still remains to be done, a visitor can now form an excellent idea of the fine t fleet tbe Exhibition will present when foil-bed. AIoDg the main avenue the painters are hatd at wotk, aod the posts are now re ceiving their preliminary co*t« of paint. Toe art gallery at tfae extreme end is praotie Jly finished, and the workmen bave began to clothe tbe walls with the canvas which is intended to j roteet tbe pictures. The canvas is to be covered with maroon cloth, and the spacious art gallery, which b well lighted from above, wilt have wfcen finished a very tutefoi and prvtty ap pearance. It has been found peeeasary in con- Kquenee of tfae great demand for space to knock ontacoop'e of extra wings at the end of tile main avenne, and there are now nearly finished. In tfae long stretch devoted to the British esbtbtbitors en the eastern side of the main avenue brisk tregreas is being made, several new cases Lsvii g been treeted since our last report. Taexe sie similar signs of approaching completian in the old Exhibition building, whioh has been devoted solrly to tbe ose ot Strath Australia. Mr. G. Ho?win has erected a pyramidal trophy of crctidcrable six*, which although now wearing a somewhat sombre look, will when enlivenel by the art ef else punter and covered with the exhibits for which it has been built add greatly to tbe beauty of tbe large hall. The shelves from tbe top ts the bottom of tbe pyramid will bave to bear tbe weight of a ton of jam, over which at tbe summit a flagstaff is to be pot up. At the north-east corner of the old building Iftfsrt. J. Colton & 00\. have had a ease for raddjcry placed against the wall, and on tbe other sice Vessis. Miller, Anderson, ic Cj. are havirg a lar&e; case erected. The Emperor Alexander's manifesto has teen sn?wtr*d by the Buaaian revolutionary {•xlj in a document issued from the office of the revolutionary Will cf tin Ptople. It isad dritted to " Alexander 111, by the grace of G«d Emperor aod Autoeiat of all tbe Uustiai. Kifcg of Poland, Grand Duke of Finland, in the name of tfae people." The document compares tte title of **Gaar-ZJberator''Kitren to Alexander ll.wilhtbeciicnmstsxicesof tiureigo. Although ealled "Autocrat of all the itu*-ias,'he was abtcluttly governed by a venal ojott. He gave tttt&em; u> ibeserfs, but not tfae land by wtuch they could support themselves and their families, because covetous orheiaU appropriated to themtelvea the tidiest of the Or* ma lsLds. The wretchedness of tfae peasant data is dwtlt upon, ?nd tbe charge is biovght that "administrative arbitraruret" brit'ia uany families to ruin, for even after acquittal by tfae tribunals many a maa is boitied oil to Siberia. Free speech and the public journals are gagged. Is not the present Cui's manifesto, in reply to the people's &*m*nli for deliverance fram an intolerable yoke, a proof that false counsellors are also in possession of his car i Tte document concludes as follows:— " Cltar the country of all obnoxious influences; make tbe way fiee for tfao*e loyal sons of the (.copie who, proWdtd with the oonadeooe of iLoir ftUow oountiyriien, will then deliberate with jour Majesty's Government on the present snotittit requirements oi the people, on the it*?Liis wlLcfa prompt the tame, and, a: the tarce time, «et before your Majesty what will Lc tiiforctd in tbe future with irresistible power uliUts coiicessicna be now made. May your HUjtbty as little, forget the event of the 13th ut alarch as we can forget our martyred brothers' May your Majesty withdraw all oon liilti.ee from those individuals who, by their leiAtrtid countels,brought about th:it event; inly let jour Majesty assemble your people arcund >cu, listen to their wishes in au unpre judiced spirit, ai.d then ueitbor your Majesty lut the brate will have auy reatou to appreaend • further catastrophe." A rcteting of shareholders in the Lar^s Hay Land am Investment Oompany was held nt tt.it Excbasge Arbitration-room, Firic-ktreet, • u sTuda; morning, July 8, for the purpose ot fettling the memoraLdum aud articles of iitttciaiiun acd appointing directors. Xuerd . vcie about thirty • six bUareholdsrs pre «eii% representing according to a rough calculation IS.OtiO or 16,000 snares. Mr. W. trcrsrd,J.P.,one of the prooioisrs, occupied ibe cfcair. Tbe memorandum and articles of uatLciMtUiu were read and agreed to with the • xretjtiou of four clauses iu the articles, which «tre roeived for further canwderatiou. The rbaiiniau said the solicitor of tbe company (Mr. ;*bmidai>) bad advised thatoulv tbe holders of :<ilotted fcbaree were io a position to vote. Ins ..gretnimt for tbe purchase cf the land lot btiiig yit an accomplished fact, ite fcentltmen whose names were attached to iLc afcTumtnt wtze not in a position to vote at .natmectiDg. Mr. B. W. Wright, J.P, asked ?t)ttfctr there was anything unusual in the <'.teri. One of the promoters stated that there vu tome thing unusual in the articles on the i,uti>tiou of dividends. These would not be , aid from tbe capital, but from the land as it was cold ; and there was no provision for auy icttrre lutd, which would cot be required. Toe lout fonpouti daises of the articles were then ttalt with. I'lifi tint was a clause providing iLai tLe number of directors should be live, and iLe quo!urn three; and this was agreed to. She i tit clause provided that tbe qualification fora ..incti-itbiu ttiould be tbe possession of 100 ritrtt. Mr. Wright moved as an amendment nhi the <]ualihcation thuuld be 50, in 11 der that tbe shareholders might have a • Mfctr ctuice ofditeolon. The clause was passed ? [Jt:iittd. Under another clause, the remu- Leietiun of the directors was fixed at £5 Ss. per nittting. To rill up tbe blank in the clause piuvicuig lor the tint directors of the cam l«ij, tte ti&mes; of the followi&g; gentlemen vtje froptttd :—Hon. W. Morgan, Messrs. Cfcrte Boothhy, W. Eversrd, J.r.,T. Graces, j.P, J. O. Lovely, W. D. .Scott, J.P., A, L. Uauoid, ltd J. X. Turnbull, J.P. A ballot wss (situ, and icwulted iu the election of the Hon. \V. Morgan, and Metsrs. Uverwd, Graves, llMiold, aiid Lovely. ■\Vbtu tome two years ago Lord Salii l.Lrj made a reference—much ridiculed at the urte—to the reign of Elizabeth, he was paring with com tier-like art a compliment (aaya the ljtii.£an Echo) that was duly appreciated in liifck quaiteie. Ko one who has read that in ititniiLg book tfae "Diary in the Highland*,"' .1 tie more recently published "LUn of the l'ritce Ceutorr," can fail to be btrucK with the (.luteii'a prevailirg sense of the reality ot her Itiuj be very well in other countries iirlbekisgto reign but not govern; but thai if Lot Victtiia'a botion of.her tunociona. Loril J.'aiiner?lon was made to onderataud this when i c kbowtd a tendency to tlip into the notion t feat if the exigencies of business demanded it & dt i patch might be sent bom the Foreign i Bjce witLout fitat undergoing the foe reality of submission to tfae perusal of the Queen. With increasing age, these natural teu celcies in the mind of the Queen are, it is caid, crsctalisiug into a pasuon or imitation cfQoeea Hliaafceib. Her Majesty bas a treasured book case, in which everything that haa been written iu Ote reign of Queen Elisabeth is gathered. AEocuiittttnee volumes, atdsprincipal favorite, in a cow little known work, called « Wright's Lttttrs of the Eeign of Elizabeth." In this carious and instructive collection of letters, are ttttial from Burgfaley, tfae etatesman who for fort* ?eats was Elisabeth's trusted counsellor. Xbe'Qoeen was fond of finding in fjord Beacons field and hUrdabon to herself a similitude of Lord Buighley. It was In tjnrsnanoe of this little nietcrioal charade that Her afaSesty wasso I acxious to visit Lord Beaoona&eld; aodtndhu aide bed. Queen Bitabetb did thu for Barghley and why attould not Qteeu Vuttxim •how • similar supreme mark of favor to • sot Ism attacked Minister and friend? The Queen found the precedent in one of Barghley'* letters, written from bis deathbed to hu bod, in which he relates how " Elizabeth, thoaghahe be not a mother, yet anowsth herself at a oarefal none, by feeding me with her own princely hand." T&ere; are some thing* where imitation of good Queen Beat is, by thegrowth of the constitution, made diflScnlt or impossible. Bat this display of womanly tenderness towards a «ick Minister wotdd certainly have been repeated the other day bat for the umonstranoes of the doctors, acd Lord EeaconifieliTs courtly protestation that eo weak was he that the proffered honor of a visit from his sovereign was more than he could bear. The Rev. Professor Davidson delivered a lecture en ** The Proverbs of different Nation alities'' in the Goodwood Presbyterian Ohurch, on Friday evening, July 8. There was a very good attendance, and in the absence of the Commissioner of Poblio Works (the Hon. J. G. Kamsay ) Dr. Bobertaon presided, and congratu lated tbe members of the congregation ou the great success that had attended the service* held in tbe church. Prafefsor Davidson, who was received with applause, prefaced his lecture by stating that he bad determined to make it coa vtraional in style in preference to adopting a more pretentious form. Be had bean some wast amused to find it generally supposed that he waa going to limit hiscself to the proverbs of Solomon, although these proverbs had peraolated through society for over 3,000 years, and had undoubtedly suggested many of the proverb* of different nations and races. As a Scotsman would be detested by his high cheek bones, an Irishman by the cut of his coat-tails, and an Kogtiahman by bis genuine John Ball appear ance, so countries could be distinguished by their proverbs. But what was • proverb? Many wise men bad studied and laid their heads together to devise * proper definition of s proverb, and not a few of them had found that it was • very diffinnlt question, and had at last been compelled to take refuge in descriptions. P«xhaps the best definition was that given by LVord John Sussell at a dinner- table after con siderable discussion,as "the wit of one and tbe wisdom of many." It was also neoassary that proveib* should cater into circulatisn and be accepted by the people, or as an American author had pat it, "like needles, tbort, skarp, and shiny." By others they bad been called "the dsrt« of the wise." The nse of proverbs obviated a great deal of the tedium experienced under ordinary ciroum stances, and when aptiy quoted they would fix the&selves; on the mind of the bearer where an elaborate alignment woold faiL Xtney should alwajs carry with them evidence of good humor, and sbonld be the repositories of fun as welt as wisdom. The lecturer first dealt with Spanish proverbs, and showed the intimate con nection that exulted between the more papular opts Mid the national pastime of boll fighting. In addition to humor proverbs should possess wit, a very different quality; for there were macy persons who were very humoroas bat i equired a surgical operation in the head before they could appreciate wit In the words of Ibomaa Sheridan, son of the celebrated Kicbard Btinsley Bheridao, wit might be described as "that which sparkles and cats." Illustrations were given of Italian proverbs and the distinctive features of aphorisms. Epigrams atd maxima were pointed out. Scotland had •n extraotdinary wealth of proverbs, and it ap peared as if the sativea of that ooantry with characteristic ehrewdnees had seized upon for future service the good things thst were ottered about them; while Ireland, the land pre-eminent for wit, wa*-singularly destitute of proverbs. The exuberance of wit in this country hid pre vented tbe good tilings from being preserved, and they were accordingly forgotten almost im mediately. The lecturer also compared pro verbs of different nationalities to show their evi dently aanmon origin, and tbe remarkable coin cidences in tbe objects and conditions selected as subjects. Many of of the proverbs were illos txated by humorous stories, which frequently provoked roais of laughter. The choir of St. Andrew's Ohurch, under tbe leadership of Mr. Barns, contributed to the enjoyment of the evening by the rendering of several masioil •elections in an admirable manner. Tbe Adelaide Hunt Club meet at Ma^ill this af tercoon. A meeting of the South Australian Com mercial Travellers' Association is to be held at tte Gretham Hotel this evening. A meetirg of the defence forces of South Australia is to be held this evening, at the Mili tary Club, tor tbe transaction of dob business. A meeting is connection with the Part Adelaide Pioneer Eight Hiran'Demonstration is to te lield at the Duke of Wellington Hotel, l'ort Adelaide, this evening. Members of tbe Volunteer Force are to patade at 2.45 pjn. on Sunday for the voluntary ehuxch farads and will attend a service to be held at tLe Exhibition building. The Culonel-Comma&dant; will enrol re cruits for the Adelaide Bides and Mounted lanes on Thursday, July 14. Time-expired icencau then Motive their discharge, or be tractJtired to the reserve. Tbe artillery brigade competition is to tske place at Dry Creek on Saturday, July 14. Tte atta will parade at the staff-office at L3Q p.m., and will be conveyed by special train to Lrtf Greek. . Special sermons in connection with the Lojal Urange Institution of South Australia's celebration of the 12th of July will be preached to-morrow by the Bev. J. W. Bunberj&. Secre tary—in the morning at the Wesley an Ohurch, ttrompton, axd in the afternoon in the tempo* i sry Protestant Hall, Norwood. The Tort and South l'ark Football Clubs ] will play their return match this afcemoan, on ttegroocd of the latter, at South Park. The Kcrwcods and Victoria!* will meet on the Oval, and an exciting coutest may be antici pated. The Austrian Band, which has been tpccially er gaged for the match, will play selec tions of music during the afternoon, and na tioubt there will be a Urge attendance. " Formosa" was repeated at the Theatre liojal od Friday evening for tbe last time to a t,oud house, and was again well received. To night Miis Pomeroy commences her Suskes l*ui*n season. The success that attended this popular actress on her previous visits, augurs well for the forthcoming season, and as she will be supported by a strong company there is tvery prospect of her present engagement being a prosperous one. An interesting entertainment was given at MaePherson'a schoolroom, Exeter, on Friday tuning, July 8, in aid of the wido ? and family cf the late Mr. MacDccald. There was a good attendance, and Mr. EL W. Thompson (Mayor of Pctt Adelaide) presided. The programme was a very good one, and comprised several popular tongs and duets by well-known local amateurs, together with two or three recitations. Those ♦lio took part were the Misses Woolnoogh, B. Wcclnougb, L. Allen, Oldfield, K. Millard, and Piekfcaver, and Messrs. J. H. Sinclair, W. Mas tated, 8. Banford, and Annells. Krerything j.aned itf very well, and a good sum was raised iir Mrs. MacDonsld. An enteitainmeut consisting of readings, recitations, songs, glees, and duets was given in the Pajnefaam Institute on July 6 in aid of the 1 uuds of the Court Pride ot Payneham, A.O.F, h juvenile branch recently opened there in con- Ltctiou with Court Foresters' Gall. There *as a very large attendance, and in the absenoe ot P.D.C.iU Banton, who was to have presided, tut was unavoidably absent, tbe chair was taken by Mr. James Anderson, the present D.0.8. of tLe Adelaide diMiict, who in a few well chosen rrmarks stated the object of the entertainment, after which the programme was proceeded with, end judging from the applause that followed each piece was thoroughly enjoyed by the audi ence. Mr. W. 11. Pi bus ably presided at the l<isno. The members of the South Suburban Cricket Club hsld their fourth annual dinner at tbe Hotel Europe, on Friday evening, 2 u)y 8. There was a good attendance, and Mr. H. Frecer, M P., occupied the chair. In respond ing to the toast of the dub, Mr. W. W. Garter, Lou. 6€c, stated that the club had played 28 inutche*, wdb 17, lost 6, and drawn 5, three of which were drawn in their favor. Mr. T. T. Lucas had on one occasion eoored the very large total of 105 not out. This gentleman won tne l-refeident'a annual prize for first batting with an avtiage of 34.S per innings, and also a special prize lor batting. The second batting prise wsa fciwn to Mr. G. Holt, with an average of IX3 per wiring*. Mr. W. S. Bonn gained the bawl icg prize, his average being 5.41 rnas per wioket. Ttie e^greeate battirg average was 78 5, against lhiir uppotiei.U' 62 28. ttr. W. b. Bowa bad bten very euccettful in bowling, and was uvistdcd a epeoial prize for pertormiag the "h?t nick" at Gleu Gsmond, and for securing eight wicktts for do runs. A number of toasts followed .and the company Eeparated ut an early tcur siur spending a pleasant evening. 