LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. At the Police Court, yesterday, before the Police Magistrate iand Mr. Jamoe Brady, one dronkard was dischlarged with a eautiou. On the previous after nioon, all application was granted for a prohibition restraining )lublicans aud others from supplying liquor to David M'Intolih, of Marlurg, We understoed that a rery interesting rifle match will take place on Satirday afternoon inext at the batts, North Ipswichl, ibetween ten married and the same nmiber of single volunteers chosen fromi A Coimpany and No. 2 ibattery. The conditions are- ''eii ruollds at 400 alild 600 yardls, any Gorensnent weapon. The imatch will commnce at 1"30 p.m. sharp, so as not to iatelrfere withl the class firing of A coimpany, whichl will begini iimmediately tile imatch is finiished. We learn tlhat tile idea of this match has originated with the two captains, with the view of giviig thie men some practice previous to the association meeting oni tile 15th instant. The returns of tile registrar of hirths and deaths for tile Ipswich alnd West Moretoll districts, for the mouthl of August just endedl, shlow that there were 45 bilthss-24 msales acl 21 females-recorded for Ipswich duriug that period; and 30 for West More ton, 1l of the latter being males and 11 females, ThJe doaths swere :--Jpswich, B5 males and 4 females; West Moreton, 0 males and 0 females, making a total of 20. One half of the deaths registered were those of infaste, thile causes geneally hiing usual infantile comnplaints. as croup, convuulsios, &e.; The dleathisatc is rather high, and thle season--in consuie quence probably of thie sendden clhanges in the teum peraturo-appuurs to liave heenisomuewhat unhaclthy. On reference to our aulvertising columns it will Ibe seen that Mr. William Hieancock, who lies carried on busiines as builder and contractor for manuy years in Ipswich, has purchased Mr. G. E. Meyer's soap aud candlc maulfactory, and intends to carry oni tie business, uwhich has, we believe, in tile hands of tile late propDietor, piroved a very successful onie, andl sill, there is little doubt, prove equally so unler tle maniagemiiet of Mr. Hlaucoek. Mr. Meyer, we uiuderstiaud, is about to take a trip to thie old country. We oluseure fromi an obitlury notice in tile Cor'iehr of Tuesdal y last that Mr. G. EI. Forbe, of Coliuton, Qireeuslanhoi, died ailidenly, in Edinburgh, oni the 2~d iif July. The deceasedl gentleman, who was well knowni to imaNiy (if iour reilers, woas fifty-three yeairs of age at the tune of his death. A iooderstely good lonlse greeted Hudson's iSur prise Party in the School of Art. ul Tuesday night, on the ocer ion of their second visit to pswieb. The company fully sustained their well-earned repu tation. ''hle perfeermonce throughout wascompletely successful, and, judging from the miarks of .pproba tion on thIe part of the audience, it gave entire satisfuaction. P'erhaps the best feature of the ester tainmet was the singing of Miss Ada Maven and Miss M. Burton; Iboth these vocalists possess really fine voices, the latter, to a certain extent, the richer and more powefol of the two. In the vocal dulet "The Lily and the Rose" the two aitistes named sang with a sweetness oend a precision that fairly merited the outblurst of applause which signified how highly their efforts were appreciated by those pre-: sent. We need scarcely say that, in the respective characters assumed by them, Mlessra. Hudson and Holly were as soccessful and popular as ever, and he must le the veriest misanthrope who could retsin from langhlter at their witticismns and excentricities. Mr. E. Giover also acquitted himself well. The Misses V. and F. De Gay, the instrumentalists oe the company, were emninently successful, and the violin solo of the former was a treat worthsgoing a long way to hear. "Going to fight the Zulus" is a piece that mighlt hie improved, lut, as a "take off," even as performed on Tuesday, it was capital. "Slocum's Dog" is very aptly termned a screamiing farce, for, fro beginng to end, the auilience were kept in roar of souglhter. The perfoeeriiniace cots eluded with a sketch entitled "HeCani e a Rseor." The principal chlaracter was assnumed by Mr. It. Iudsne., who, as Pet-, was simply irresistible. The olnpmsany gave a second entertasnment last night. Considering the state of the weather the attendance was very good, but the rain must have keptnsany away, especially of those who would otherw?ise have helped to fill the front seats. It says much for the quality of the performances and thle estimation in which they are held to witness so many turn out on such a night. As usual the first part of tle.pro gramme consisted nmainly of vocal and instrumental music, the various pieces being interspersed with comicalities on a big scale. The instrumenetal music was provided by the Misses De Gay, who, with the violin amd piano, contributed in no small degree to the pleasusre of the evening. The other five pet forming members rendered the vocal music in their usual correct and pleasing manner. "The School Boys' Ecxamination" concluded the first part.'. In Part II. a varied hill of fare was presented, the ren dering of almost every piece securing an eurere for the perzormer. Not the least pleasing postion last eveuing, as on Tuesday eveniig, was the sing iiig of the Misses Burton and Maven, especially in a duet "Juanita," and sisne Vena de Gay's eiolsi solos were agai munch appreciated. Messrs. Hudson and Holly were "imamense" in the negro and dance business--indeedl, there is no denying that Mr. MtId son is a " hlost to himself." They, with Mlr.Glover, caused great merrimentin two very mnusig sketcles -" The Coming Man" and "The Ghost in a Pawp shop." Mr. Glover, in the course of the evening, announced that the party, on their return frmo the Downs, would give another entertainment in Ipswich on the 17th instant. Many of our readers will. no doubt, lie glad to hear this, as it will afford anotlher opportunity of spending a pleasant evening, of which, we should think, they will, if possible, avail themselves. Three female patients have been admitted into the Woogaroo Lunatic Asylum since last report, and one male has been discharged. There are now 572 con finees under Dr. Smith's care. A Melbourne paper says that William Sherritt, who was quite recently sentenced'to aterm of seven years' imprisonent for perjury at Ipswich, was formerly a member of the Victorian police force, fromwhlich he was dicmitssed for misconduct, and is brother to Aaron Sherritt, who was shot by thel Kelly gang at the Wuolsled, near Beecehworth. -[We can understsnd the above paragraph only on the an - position that the real name of the John Walsh re cently sentenced to seven years' imprisonment for perjury in this town was William Sherritt.-ED. Q. T.] The match L.tween tRush and Laycock, for the championship of AustraFa and £200 a side, will take place over the Parramatta course to-morrow. The Telegraph understands that the directors of the E?angelical Smtndardl Company, believing that thle'verdict given against them in the case of Perkins v. the Slanmard was contrary to evidence, intend to move the full Court to grant a nonsuit. At the civil sittings of the Supreme Court, Bris bane, on Tuesday, Henry WVatclhorn, charged with I hIaving had lon his premises certain unlicensed distill ing utensils, was fined £100, or, in default, three months' imprisonment. A similar ease against William Tiornhill was next heard. Theojury found the facts against hin sheo, and he was adjudged to forefeit the sum of £100; in default, three nmonths' imnrisonment. In both canses it was stated that the defendants would lbe unable to pay the penalty. Ie sentencing the prisoners, thie judge took into con sideration the fact that they lied already' been im priisoned for three months. Mesars. Parlbury, Lamb, and Co. have received advices by wire from London to the effect that a iew company has been registered as "The Queens land Steam Shipping Comlpany," the directors being -I-E. L. Dawes (Gray, Dawes, and Co.), Charles Parbnry (PalrOmy, Lamb, and Co.), and Andrew M'llwraithl (M'Ilwraith, ie'Eacharn, and Co.). We understand that the primary object for which the company has been formed is to carry out a coastal service, and expand the trade already opened by tIhe s.Corea, Polly, and one or two othlers which hare been running of late. It is highly probable tlet it will incltle thie Normanton postal service, for which Mr. James Burns, of Sydney, has the contract, lent this ins niot known for cetaio nat this end yet. The sus picion whiclh lhas got abroad that the new company has been fonned to take over the Queensland mail contract from the British-India Coimpany is, we are assured on the biest possible authlority, ntterly grounmdless. The new undertaking was decided upo some time ago, and the reason why the British-India Company has come into it is in order to provide for thle conveyance of the Queensland mails along our coast at a more rapid rate tlca is possiebley tihe mail-steamers which bring them to our shores. Any tiing which will improve our mail service so as to enable us to send and receive our letters as speedily by that as biy the southemr routes, will be heartily welcomned, provided it does not involve additional cost in the way of subsidy, while comnpetition in our coastal carrying trade caemot fail to be beneficial to tie conmmerce of thie colony.-Telegrlaph. The tenders in connection with the construction of tihe second section of the Bundaberg acnd Mount Perry Railway were (sIays tihe Courier) considered by the Executive ont Saturday last, and as the lowest tenderers, J. O'Briien aind Co., were not prepared to carry oet the contract at the price named, £109,962, the contract has been given to Messrs. O'Roorke and M'Sharry, whose tender was the next lowest, amount ing to £112,502. The Allora corleepondent of the lanririk Argon writes:u-"I ai sorry to inform you that a most brutal outrage has beon committed by soeie person unknown at preecnt. On Saturday night, the 20th instant, Mr. E. Collins, farmer, left a valbselo drought horse in his paddock, convenient to his resi eclnce; on Sunday monling the horse was gone, nid Collins gave information to the police, who started on duty at once. The horse was found iiy Mr. Shannoei, in his paddock on Goomburra Creek, on a monuntainside with histhroatcnt andhiscarcaseother wine niutilated. Wood lid bean piled on the car case and tired with this intention of hnoming it, hut. dsayliglit coraicsg on, the coanrd was afraid hits sin would find liimi out, and had to leave. The tracks of two lorses were found, at Shiennon's slip-rails, going iiito lis paddock, but only one coming out, and this led to the discovery of the missing aiiimml. This paddock is eleven or twelse miles distait from thie paddock from diher the horme was token. Only faiscy trowelling this distance on a cold, silent as. liatli miorniing, ledisg one of our most noble duiis nniimnls to alonely place to cruelly slay him for the ipurpose of wreaking veogoeamoe on his owner Whiat Linital nerve this inhuanu wretol must possess !" We unsderstand that Mssors. Iseaacs and Harrison -evangeliete from the eollege of the celelirated C. H. Spurgeon-rhao hlare been conductiig a series of euccssful services is Brisuane, inteiid paying a visit to this towi. They will coImences their evangelistie labonrs in the hIaptist Chapel on Sundey, the 18th instant, and will continue the services until the end of the monith. Soaiebady sent thie editor of a southvro conteon poaury a frozen schnapper, accompanied by a sate etating that the fish was an Euglinli salmon, just ar rivedl by the Orient liier Cuco. The worthy lilte rob-sir invited a nusihier of his cronies to join in de iiiolisahinig the rare delicacy. All present at thie Helioaobalini banquet were usamimisous mid enthme siastic in proiseof the supposed sabiion. anil as thie giests Irose f aro e te bestive bard they i-awed that, comiiparel with Emigliahi fish, the tinImy dlenisies of Aiustrialn wateir hal no issore ilavour than a piece of aole-leather ! 