RAMBLES ROUND THE GARDENS. [BY A. SCBUBBAM BESIDEKT.] SOME GBOTTOES AND FERNERIE3. Having been informed that there were some very handsome specimens of ornamental horticultural architecture in course ot cons traction at Medindie and Montefiore Hill, I sought an introduction to view the same a few dajs ago. Upon the way I visited Mr. Edwin Smith's nursery at Clifton, and ran through his houses and grounds just to admire some of-his plants. The beautiful Pharcolus caracalla, or screw bean, has this year lost the greater part of its foliage very early, probably on account of the coolness of the summer. I noticed an immense stock of popular plants, such as Statices, Diosmas, Bonvardias, roses, and other well-known plants; but new things were comparatively scarce,'Mr. Smith informing me that he finds-the old favourites give more satisfaction to bis customers generally than do the thousand-and-one new plants, or old plants-with new names, whlch are catalogued in big types nowadays. He is not destitute of rare and good plants, however, for-whenever be hears of anything really good be procures it. as, for instsiMie, he has a good stock of Jacaranda mimosafolia, one of the most munificent flowering shrubs known to gardeners, and only lately found to be suitable 7or outdoor growth by a plant being put in the open ground at-Mr. B. Barr Smith's place at Torrens Park. I could not help admiring the beautiful Passiflora "Imperatrice Eugenie," whioh keeps flowering nearly all the year round under the protection of the shadebouse; also the two clematises, O. "Jackmanni" and C. "Prince of Wales," both of which are very handsome climbers, covered with large flowers, one dark-blue, and the other of a lighter tint. If I had given way -to my inclinations I should bave stayed a good long, time, but Mr. Smith hinted that it would take all my time to do justice to the objects for wbich the day was devoted, and he kindly accompanied me to the Hon. G. C. Hawker's garden, where he introduced me to Mr. Georgison, the head gardener, who showed us over the houses, &c.; The fernbeuse is buUt upon the natural surface, and the ferns are staged upon a built-up rockery, in imitation of some of the rougb places which are to be found in limestone country, with here a rill, or a petty cascade, or a quiet little pool, with fish hiding away under the shade of a miniature rock, or swimming into or out of the eaves. Sometimes there is a bold crag jutting out over a pool, and then a sloping rock running gently down into the water,- then a pinnacle pointing skywards like a steeple. Between the rocks there bre hollows, and oc- . ' : ' casionally a plateau, in or upon which the alluvium has collected, and in this rich Boll, kept in a properly damp state by hidden springs, are growing innumerable varieties of ferns, from the graceful Adiantum Gracillimum to the bold-foliaged Adiantum Peruviinum, or A Farleyenee, or A. Trapeziforme, yrith Lyoopods, Fteris, gymaogmmmiw, and representatives of all the tribes gathered from the four corners of the earth. By a very ingenious arrangement the house can be heated either wholly or in part. It is covered, of course, with glass, and kept in first-class order. The rockwork looks exceedingly natural, and there is no evidence of cementing, or of the handiwork of the artist about it; yet it is all the work of one who,-by his art, so imitates Nature that but few can recognise the difference. EJThe grotto is only partly built in another part of the grounds, and is a very extensive work, thought, not yet nearly finished. It is .surrounded by a circle of Sehinus molle, already well grown up, and is entered by a long descending circular pathway, probably much over 100 yards in length. On each side of the path will be built, rockwork such as may be found at the entrance of a stalactite' cave—of this a portion has already been finished—and upon the .rocks will be grown all kinds of plants usually found in such localities. The floor of the pathway, and of the whole work, will be of stalagmitic formation, to be in character with the rest of the work. As we descended the rocks began to rise on each side until they tower above onr beads, and the water began to ooze out from crevices in the rocks, or from beneath big boulders, and ran in a rill alongside the path or across it. We travel on and on, every turn ehowing some new formation; and at last pass through ui opening in the rock, having an arch overhead, and find ourselves in a grotto or cave, with any number of stalactites descending from the roof, each of which has its counterpart in the stalagmite beneath. In some places they are joined into a solid pillar; in others they have just met by a narrow thread ; and, again, thero are others which are just beginning to form, and are therefore widely separated. As there is an opening to the air above, it is only natural that we should find ferns and such-like growing in such a congenial place—and here they are in numbers. The whole nlace being damp from the continually dripping water which forms the stalactites, it is highly suitable for the growth of confervas, mosses, lichens, and the like, and already the stones begin to show a green hue through the presence of these cryptogsmic plants. When standing in this grotto it is difficult to imagine that it is not ell natnral, and I was foolish enough to ask Mr. Bobinette from whence he obtained the stalactites, &c..; and got for answer, " Out of my head, with the aid of cement 1 '—that is, he made them cf cement and other material. At present the grotto is temporarily covered with an open lath roof; but it is probable that when completed there will be a glasshouse over it. Although there is apparently a vast quantity of water running, it is more apparent than real, for the same stream that forms a rill above is made to do duty further down in a pool, and still further as part of a cascade, and then helps to make a lake which overflows into a cistern, from whence it is pumped out, and helps to irrigate the lawns and garden. In the summer time this grotto will be a most charming retreat from the heat, where we can sit upon natural-looking blocks of cool stone, or upon the roots of trees which have conveniently become bared juBt at the right spot for taking in the best views of the cascades and pools, together with the beautiful plants and the lights and shades falling from the skies above, which are made to appear more remote by the umbrageous growth of the pepper-trees surrounding the opening. It would require a very large space in these columns to folly describe all the beauties of these two artistic works, which, although entirely the result of art, are in strict accord with Nature, so far as appearance is concerned. Of course the heating apparatus, which is not seen in the fern-house unlesB searched for, and the plants from all parts of the world, would not be found in Nature, but still the uninformed would not think of criticising the accessories in this manner. The rockwork, stalactites, &c.;, Icok perfectly natural. Leaving this charming spot somewhat reluctantly, we proceeded to Montefiore Horse, the property of His Honor the Chief Justice, who kindly permits his bead gardener (Mr. J. H. Mohan) to admit a visitor to the garden occasionally. Here we were permitted to examine another piece of Mr. Bobinette's handiwork, in the shape of a fern grotto. This, although upon the same principle as the grotto at the Hon. G. C. Hawker's, is quite different in form. It is covered in with a lath shadehouse of a very neat construction, designed and erected by the late Mr. John Saxbv, of Pulsford & Co.'s, and has a most ingenious contrivance for preventing the drip which is so injurious to some plants. Inside the house there are a number of tree ferns, with fronds several feet in length, besides an immense number of rare and valuable ferns and plants from every part of the earth's surface, together with a good collection from eaves and other places beneath it. The grotto is entered by a sinuous and descending pathway, bounded by "beetling cliffs and hoary crags," down which torrents fall and cataracts roar—in miniature. The walls are becoming covered with all kinds of ferns, mosses, &c.;, from the spores which have been shed by the introduced plants. After descending a short distance we come to a plateau with a cascade falling from above into a natural-looking basin below. Here we stand for a time admiring the scenery around us; a cliff behind us, with the water descending in dripB and drops, in rills, streams, and cascades; in front, the fern-clad heights, rising tier upon tier until the summit is reached—perhaps eight feet highthough in effect it appears that one is standing on the floor of an. amphitheatre, with the everlasting hills surrounding him. (The fact is, when one gets into such a place as this he must give the reins to fancy, and fancy will lead him a long way sometimes.) On the right hand, looking towards these " hills'' is a rustic stairway with a handrail, leading upwards and over a rise, and when this is mounted we have again to descend by a rough pass until we come to a stalactitic grotto, within which is a silent pool, in which numerous little fishes disport themselves. These rocks are really Nature's work, ana were imported by Mr. B. B. Heyne from caves in the celebrated Black Forest of Germany, which once was so thickly populated with gnomes, elves, fairies, spirits, imps, ghosts, fays, genii, phantoms, shades and other intangible forms of the myBtic world, that it was scarcely possible to stick a pin's point between them, and I suppose some of these must have become entangled in the rough interstices of the stalactitic formation built up here, which may account for the fairy-like appearance of the grotto. Turning my back to the cave there there is another beautifnl pieoe of work, and on the right hand there is a natnral-looking brook flowing beside a hill. In its bed are lying the round waterworn pebbles always found in places, and by ils brink are growing numerous plants which might naturally be found there. The light comes in from above, and as the leaves of the plants and the fronds of the ferns are moved and swayed by the winds, BO the lights and shades below shift from point to point. Now comes a glint of sunshine, lighting the falling sprays of water, and infusing them with a thousand rainbow tints; then comes a shadow from a cloud or a branch making a sombre ] shade; and so the light plays at hide-and- seek i amongst the nooks and recesses, until fancy i begins to fill the place with fairy forms. If any proof were needed of the cooling and ameliorat- j iug s influence of foliage upon climate It oould easily be afforded by the results of observations made in this artificial grotto and fernery daring this summer. Probably the total depth below the surface is under twelve feet, and there is a considerable area open, to the air above, yet within the shadebouse there Tas a great difference betweein the temperature at the surface and at the floor, of the grotto, where the heat indicated never exceeded 76° Fahr., and the . difference between the wet and dry bulb •was almost nominal. Sometimes the heat at the surface ran up to the nineties. This cool atmosphere may be accounted for by, the fact • that plants are continually giving out moisture' • in hot weather, and'the rapid evaporation makes cold—the heat rising and the cold descending to the grotto, where it is retained. To those who rare ill, and suffering from the heat of summer, • such a retreat as this.would be an inestimable . . boon. If we turn again to the cave, we observe : on the right hand a nbrrow, rough, upward path: ' leading under an arched piece of rock, and by clambering np this we get upon the roof, as it were, of the cave, and from here we. obtain a fine view of the greater part of the plants with which the place is furnished. The rockwork here is not quite finished, but there is a deal to look at and admire. The fern tribes are all lovely—from the graceful Adiantum gracillimum to the gigantic Tree Fern (Dicksonia Antarctica), the fronds of which in its fall growth reach a length of 18 to 20 feet by three feet in width. Here the Dicksonias are the largest I have ever seen M in captivity," and as they are not planted in formal rows nor upon the same level, they look qnite natnral ia their positions, neither dwarfiag nor detracting from the beauty of the other plants. A few rashee and grasses might perhaps add another touch to the completeness of the -work, especially where the fish are in the pools, but this is only a matter of taste, ahd here probably I am at fault. _I cannot close my remarks upon this garden without offering a tribute of praise to the perfect manner in which every part of the gardening work is performed. The plants in the houses are kept as clean as is possible to be, the medium for exterminating scale, thrip, red spider, aphis, and every-kind of pest being kerosine, applied by using a wineglassful of kerosine with a gallon of s&Bpsads; made with soft soap, the compound being kept in a state of mixture by continuous 8git&tion; whilst being nsed. The flower bads outside are positively crowded with flowers and foliage plants, and the lawns are as green as green can be. All this is kept up by unceasing attention, and therefore credit is due to all concerned. 