PRESENTATION TO THE BISHOP OF ATVE; 1TTVE The memben ot the Standing Osmmlttee of tbe Ofaurcb of Bngland Synod met at tbe Uharch Office, Leigh-street, on Friday afternoon, De cember 30. for tha nnrrvma of nroMntini? an Adelaide, on the occasion of hit retiring from the chief pastorate of tbe 8ee. Tbe address, which was engrossed on parchment, was read at follnwt by Dean Bussell :— 'To tbe Eight Reverend Augustus, by Divine penussion Lori! Bishop of AdeUide.— Bight Bev. Father in God— Tae clergy and representative laity of tbe Diorese of Adelaide feel tbe deepest sympathy with you in the con flict of feeling amid which you submit to the will of God in resigning that charge over this diocese, which hat been maintained daring so long a series of yean. They are well aware that you cannot without pain bid farewell to scenes which are crowded with sacred recollec tion*, and in which to much of the happiness of your life bat been found. But they rejoice with you in the establishment of so many institu tion* of iMting value, which will continue to distinguish the Bnt episcopate in the cobny of Bouth Australia at a period peculiarly eventful. Those who come after you will enter into your labours, and have cause for thankfulness in doing so, although the number of institutions formed can only inadequately represent to them the many hours of anxious consultation, tbe difficulties that had to be encountered, tbe frequent checks given to tbe work of the Church, tbe rallying of energy, and the re peatedly renewed efforts to carry all to a suc cessful Issue. Your episcopate marks the period of the organization of the Synod with its standing and other committees; the forma tion of a Chapter; the establishment of a system of parochial endowments and parochial grants-iu-aid, at well at of a Clergy, Widow, and Orphan Fund, and an Annuity Fund for the disabled; the recognition by tbe Church of Home Mission! and the Melanesian Mission at having a claim oa its annual offertories; the establishment and growth of St Peter's Oolle giate School ; the erection of a cathedral, of 8t. Barnabas Theological College, and of ninety one churches, thirty-three parsonages, and thirteen scboolbouses. The number of clergy has increased to fifty, wbo have (at your Lord ship has reminded ut) the assistance of a large number of unpaid lay readers; and the in fluence of tbe Church hat powerfully told an all philanthropic and benevolent movements throughout the solony. It must be with deep thankfulness that you recall these results of tbe united work of the Church in its three orders, and your prayers will not be wanting for those on whom it devolves to carry on the work, and to adapt its form to each transition in our continually changing colonial life. We share with yon in anxiety concerning your successor, and we pray for the aid and guidanoe of the Divine wisdom when the time shall come for choosing a chief pastor. For your Lordship we trait that the pain of the final farewell may be softened by inflaences of love and sympathy, and that the evening of your life may be full oi happiness and peace.— Signed on behalf of Synod by memben oi Standing Committee.' His Lordship the Bishop, in replying, said that if he addressed the committee with feelings of stroBg emotion they would not be tarprhed on such an occasion as tbe present, when he was about to take leave for ever, he might say, on earth of those with whom he had worked to long and teen grow up around him, and from whom he had received hearty assis tance in carrying on the work of the Church. Tbe feeling of pain to .which allusion had been made in the address was softened to a very great extent from this cause that it wu not any per sonal ditsensioL, or difference of opinion, or disagreement with regard to tbe policy of the future which had led him to thlt parting, nor waa it any dislike to the social condition at which the colony had arrived, nor any complaint he had to make at to tbe ecclesiastical state of tbe diocese. On the contrary, its most halcyon days bad graced the evening of hit episcopate. Some months ago there wat a tort of exodus from the diocese, and the doubt had crossed hit mind whether the energies of the Ohnroh would be able, under a gracious Providence, to supply those vacant .cures which presented the appear ance of a blank for tome considerable time, bat now that doubt had been removed by the arrival of men who had been recommended to the Church here, and to whom tbe state of the diocese had commended itself at a sphere of labour from its importance. Its likelihood to aid in their support and maintenance, and in giving them a fair field in which to exercise under the grace of God those cares whioh they had chosen to take upon themselves. These had been welcomed most heartily, and he could not look (back to his connection with the diocese without a deep feeling of pleasure, as he remem bered that when hia state of health precluded him from taking anything bat a small part in the rites of confirmation and ordination, the Oharch had Decn able to secure visits^from two neighbouring Bishops, both of whom had met with a cordial reception, and both of whom by their character, preaching, and general bearing bad tended to raise and support the character of the English Episcopate. Although in better health now than some little time ago, under the will of Providence he felt that at the age of seventy-nine yean and a half it wai in vain for him to expect to bare that vigour and power of usefulness which should sustain him in visiting the more distant putt of the diocese, and in doing the work in what wat essentially a missionary episcopate. Oould he look at the railway darting into the very heart of the country, and at the advancing tide of settlement spreading from Baola to the Barrier Ranges, and even tending towards the Queensland Border and to the back country of New South Wales, and then turn and look at the railway running through Mount Gambler and Border Town, connecting Victoria with oar own ports, including Adelaide itself, and then think for one moment that at his age he could have the vigour to attempt to reach even the skirts of thit advanced population, and feed the sheep thus scattered in the wilderness. He could not, and therefore he felt that it was an imperative call from the Lord whom he had trotted and served to make way for younger and abler handt. He had at one time felt deeply for the spiritual welfare of the Areas, bat now the Church had a strong band of lay readers there who worked faithfully ander tbe guidance and exhortation of the ministry amongst them, feeble and scattered though it wat. These were the thoughts whioh made the pain of parting from tbe diocese much lets pain ful than they would otherwise be, and he left no ill-feeling and no enemies behind. There wai not a man— Churchman or Dissenter— whom he oould not shake by the hand on the score of amity and Christianity in tbe broader sense, although he had alwayt studied to be a Churchman to tbe backbone, because he be lieved that the Oharch contained the germ of the whole body of saving truth and of every thing that wat good, hcly, and lovely in the Christian life. He did not say it wai perfect, and that it bad not numerous faults in its time ; but he had lived to tee great change* in its character, and he looked forward to a great development of Christian character when, with out sacrificing one jot of catholic principle or of primitive usage, the Onnrch could feel at one with others in the brotherhood of the Gospel— when would be fulfilled the beautiful announcement of the Gospel—' Peace on earth and goodwill to men of love,' and wher, Instead of worshipping in solitary camr*, all would be united by this Christian tentimebt in one great Church, and would watk t r^ether in the house of God. He did not think thu a vain ambition, and with these feeling* he bt'.seved he waa only doing hit doty in giving plac* io younger and abler handt, and he trotted that tti tame cordial support would be given to hit luceptaar at he himself had received in the great work of developing tbe Church in this colony. God forbid that he should claim any thing but a portion of that work, for both laymen and clergy had helped him worthily in bringing the diocese to its present fall-grown state, and he did not believe that there wai any other in Australia more completely famished with the instrumental itiet of religion than that of Adelaide. He conld look back now with complacency to tbe little struggles which had taken place, and tbe donbtt and fears and anxieties that existed, when the question of tbe abolition of State aid to religion wat agitated, and they hardly knew where to look for help in view of disestablishment; but he since thanked God most devoutly that State aid had been twept away, and tbe Church of England thus thrown on its own resources had been enabled to show bow nobly it could establish itself oa tbe volun tary principle. He knew of no other body which had dooe mor in a given time to place itself in t. proper position than tbe Churob of England in this Diocese. Look at the list of Societies and committed and funds that its memben had organized, and which were all in a nourishing state. Look at the Synod iteelf, which wai a great experiment. When he left England in 1864 he sought the opinion of Bir Bichurd Bethel, of tbe gren.t Irish ObanceUer, and of other eminent lawyers, as to whether it would be a violation of the Act of Submission to bold a conference of Synod in this Diocese, and, acting on their opinion, tbe arrangement* were made for holding Synod, which arrange ments had lasted for thirty yean. On the basis of the three orders, Bishop, clergy, sod laity, joining together, they had been able to raise an ecclesiastical structure of which thoy could well be proud when looking at its organiza tion, and the effect it had produced all through the colony. It mutt not be sup posed, however, that be wat satisfied with what bad keen done. It was impossible to have tbe episcopal function! properly exercised by one individual in this diocese, and ia coining to aa agreement to divido it he did not think they bad invalidated tbe original deed of agreesaent wbkh wat passed for the original dioces*. If thit division did oot take place the Bishop would have to have nffngans or coadjutors to carry tbe epiicopate- function! to. the forfeit extent of the population. Tbi germ of this division existed, and be prayed for the tame blessing of God npon tbe new bishopric* a* on tbe mother province in spreading the influence of the Church through the are* of this country. He admitted that tbe lay agency wai not thought of at. the onUet, but be had afterwards endeavoured to foster it at much a* pos sible, with the result that now there were about 130 unpaid laity assisting the clergy, and he trnsted thai do jealousy would arise between the hieratic and the lay piiesthood to prevent.thetr working cordially together so far as the clergy oould accept inch assistance. Where this work wu carried out in a proper spirit the wisdom from above would, be had no doubt, enable them to arrange all difficulties, and if they united in tbe spirit of prayer God would tend them a wise and able governor. The one wbo sat after bim in the episcopal chair be trotted would be treated with cordiality, and if, aa tbey had done with him, the clergy exercised a manly freedom in advising and in lay log that which was true, and the laity boldly exf retted their opinions, the three-fold cord united by tbe spirit of God would not be easily broken. God forbid that any one strand of that cord— Bishop, clergy, and laity should ever entrench on the rights and duties of the others, bnt that it should remain one strong rope by which the car of the Oharch — not a Juggernaut —might bo drawn in triumph to the most distant boundaries of the province, carrying peace, in nocence, and happiness through the land. St Barnabas College had been referred to ia the address, and he hoped it would carry on the primitive training of tbe Church of England, and would produce well-taught clergy; and while it would answer tbe purposes of a chapter house it might alto serve at a hostel for clergy men seekiDg rest from tbeir work in distant cures. He had brought with him a picture of tbe Cathedral as it would appear when finished, and alto one of St. Barnabas College, which he wonld hand over to Synod, as it bad control over those properties. The view of the Cathedral he wonld have liked to have taken away with him, bat he could not find it in his heart to do to, and would leave it behind as represent ing his withes, and what it would have been tbe business of bit life to see accomplished had it been granted him to remain another ten yean, and he trnsted his successor wonld bo able to complete tbe work. He felt great satisfaction that tbe old institutions under which the Church of England bad flourished in England now nourished more than ever, because able men had been chosen from the Presbytery. In every portion of England inch men were devoting tbeir energies and learning to the daties of their offices at deacons and canons of tathednl Churches, which became the centres of great moral activity and paroohial Improvement. A life and vigour had thus been infused into the Church work which wu per fectly astounding to him, looking back, aa ha did, to thirty yean ago. It wat a hard matter to find a worthy snooeasor to Arthur Stanley, Dean of Westminster, but he had read tome of the fint sermons of the present Dean, wbo teemed to stand worthily in hit new position. Besides the new Prebendary of WesTroiMtea^J&ere; were Dr. Plnmtree and other timUarlyc«iptb&men; adorning tbe higher places in tbe Oho«inV-^_ These institution! were not made for tbe warm ^^ retirement of men of no note in the Church and memben of noble families, and though they were very nearly being extinguished at one time' he thanked God they were not to now ; and whether a Tory, Whig, or Badical Govern ment were in power tbey dared not appoint in ferior men, for if tbey did he believed it would go a great way to overthrow tbe Ministry that sought to do so. With the best and ablest men put into these positions they became sources of exertion, light, and love throughout tbe most retired portions of the diocese, And, now, why should he doubt that the same good providence of God which bad been with tbe Church in thia colony for the last thirty years wonld guide it in the future, and why should he doubt in the wisdom of its servants and their desire to fulfil its work to the glory of God ? He put full con fidence in them, and trusted that on tbeir knees and in tbeir closets they would ask for divine grace to guide them in their choice of a proper Bishop in hit place, and entering on thit duty in such a spirit they would surely have the assistance of God. The committee had re quested him to draw np a prayer for the rue of Synod while it waa deliberating on the election of hit successor, and having complied with the request, be wonld ask the committee to join in it with bim bow, and when tbey used it in his absence it might remind them of one with whom they had worked for many yean, and who would never forget tbe help, bleating, and comfort they had been to him. Tbe Bishop, who appeared to he deeply moved at thia official farewell, then read the following prayer: — ' O Lord Jesus Christ, who didst appoint twelve Apostles to preach the glad tidings of salvation to a fallen world ; and afterwards didst choose Matthias in the place of Judas when he by transgression fell; we, tby servants, desirous to follow the role of the Church, 'built npon the foundation of thy Apostles and Prophets,' beseech Thee to guide as by Thy Holy Bpirit in choosing a Chief Pastor to have the rule over as. Let there be no divisions among us. Let not party zeal cause us so to act at If Christ were divided. With one accord may we strive to choose a man approved of God, who shall rightly dispense the Word of Troth, and, if need be, correct and reprove with all long-aufferlng and patience. Be with ut when we give forth our lots that tbey may fall on one who shall be a true suc cessor of Thine Apostles, not in nameimly, but in deed and truth, to the glory of Thy name, O Lord, and the welfare of thit Oharch and people; wholivestand reignett with tbe Father and the Holy Ghost, one God Almighty, world withont end. Amen.' The Bishop announced that Holy Communion wonld be celebrated at the Cathedral at 10 o'clock on Friday morning, and having bidden a formal farewell to the committee left the office. 