Chapter XVI. GOOD ADV1CB. The dinner' to whifch the,family eat down after thie ride eomewhatalarmed the stranger relative who ao suddenly* found himself mixed Sp in their affaire. He thought it could lye" nptbing but constrained and; nn-1 comfortable. -But this did not tarn ont to be the case.' Anne1 knew nothing at all abont' what her father had been doing; and from Hose's light hatbre 'the half-oomprehenaed eceneatlbncbeonrwhen hei mother had wept and her father's face had been like a thundercloud, had already faded away. These two unconscious members of the party kept the tide of affairs in flow. They talked as usual—Anne even more than usual, as one who is unaware of the critical point at which, to the knowledge of all around, lie or she is standing, so often does. She gave even a little more information than was called for about her visit to the Woodheads, being in her own mind half ashamed of her cowardice in staying away after the scene of the morning. On the whole she was glad, -she persuaded herself, of the scene of the morning. It had placed her position beyond doubt. There had seemed no occasion to make any statement to her father aB to the correspondence which he had not forbidden, or indeed referred to. He had bidden her give up her lover, and she had refused ; but he had said nothing about the lover's letters, though thesefollowedasa matter of course. And now it was well that he shonld know the exact position of affairs. She had been greatly agitated at the monyent, but soon composed herself. And in her desire to Bhow that she was' satisfied^ not grieved by what had happened. Anno was more than usually cheerful and communi cative in her talk. "Fanny is very happy about her brother, who is coming home from India. He is to be here only six weeks; but he does not grudge the long journey : and they are all so happy." " He is a fool for his pains," growled Mr. Mountford from the head of-the table. "I don't know what our young men are coming to. What right has he to such a luxury ? It will coBt him a hundred pounds at the least. Six weeks—he has not been gone as many years " " Four years—that is a long time when people are fond of each other," said Anne, with a scarcely perceptible sigh. Every in dividual at table inBtantly thought of the absent lover. " She is thinking that I will be dead and gone in four years, and she will be free," the angry father said to himself, with a vindictive sense that he was justified in the punishment he meant to inflict upon her. But Anne, indeed, was thinking of nothing of the kind, only with a visionary regret that in her own family there was no one to come eager , over sea and land to be longed and prayedforwith Fanny Woodhead's anxious sisterly, motherly passion. "This was far, very far, from the imagination of the others as a motive likely to produce such a sigh. " A brother from India is always anxiously looked for," said Mrs. Mountford, stepping in with that half-compunctious readiness to succour Anne which the knowledge of this day's proceedings had produced inher. - She did not, in fact, know what these; proceedings had been, and they were in no way her fault. But stillshefelta compunction. "They always bring such quantities of things with them," she added. "An Indian box iB. the .most delightful thing to open. 1 had a brother in India, too——" " I wish we had," said Rose, with a Jiout. Heathcote had been preoccupied; he. had not been so attentive as usual: and. Bhe wished for a brother instantly,." just to spite him/' Bhe said to herself. " Fanny is not thinking of the presents; bat Rose, consider yon are interested in it, too—that is another man for. your dance," Rose clapped her hands. ". We are looking up!" she said. "Twenty men from Sand hurst, and six from Meadowlands, and -Lady Prayrey Poole's husband, and Fred'Wood head, and Willie Ashley—for of coarse Willie is coming—" " A dance at thiB time of the year is folly,' said Mr. Mountford; " even in summer it is bad enough; but the only time of the year for entertainments in the country ig when - yon have warm weather, and ahort nights." " It was because of Gousin Heathcote, -papa. It is not often we have a man, a real re lation, staying at Mount." . " Heathcote! Oh, so it is for your sake, Heathcote? I did not know that ^dancing was an attribute of reasonable beings after thirty," Mr. Mountford said. r Then it was Anne who came to Heathcote's aid. " Yon are not afraid of seeming 'frivo lous ?" Bhe said, giving him the kindest look he had yet seen in her eyes; and his heart was touched by it: he had not known that Anne's eyes had been so fine—" and it will Elease everybody. The country requires to eBtirred up now and then. We like to have something to talk abont, to say, ' Are you you going to the So-and-Bo's on the 25tb ?'" "An admirable reason, certainly* for trouble and expense. If you were elec tioneering it might be reasonable; but I presume your woman's rightB are not ao ad vanced yet aB that Miss Anne Mountford can't stand for the county!" " I don't think ahe is likely to try, father," said Anne, "whatevermight be the rights— or wrongs. "You must not think, Mr. Heathcote,' said Mrs. Mountford anxiously, " that Anne has anything to Bay to women's rights. She is far too sensible. She has her own ways of thinking, but she is no more absurd or strong minded " . 111 hope you do not think me weak-minded, mamma," Anne said, with a soft laugh. . And then little more was said. Mr. Mount ford half roBe and mumbled that grace after meat which leaves out all the more ethereal part of the repast as, we suppose, a kind of uncovenanted mercies for which no thanks are to be uttered, and after a while the ladies left the room. It was cold, but the whole frosty world opteide lay enchanted under the whitening of the moon. The girlB caught up fur cloaks and' shawta as they went through the ball, and stepped ontside ihvoluntarily. The sky was intensely blue : the clouds piled high in Bnowy masses, the moon a*iling serenely across the great expanse, veiling her self lightly here and there with a film of vaponr which the_ wind had detached from the cloud- mountains. These filmy fragments were floating across the slqr at extraordinary ..spefed, atau.; the wind was risipg.yralrliag down showers of leaves.Thfc comihotion among the trees, the sound oftbe winfi, the Tepid flight of the clouds, all ohltoed lb with Anne's mood. She fook hold of h#|pater's arm vrithgenHe force. "Start1fttl£ Rose it i& All iiuibt iiiBlde, Wd'htit-thetaF is so much going on: it ia louder than one's ' thoughts," Anne said. I " What do you mean by being louder than your thoughts? Your thoughts are not loud at all—not mine at least: and I don't like those dead leaves all blowing into my face; they feel like things touching you. 1 think 1 Shall go in, Anne." " Not yet, dear. I like it: it occupies one In spite of one's self. The lawn will be all yellow to-morrow with scattered gold." "You mean with scattered leaves; of courBe it will," said Rose. " When the wind is high like this it brings the leaves down like anything. The lime trees will be stripped, and it iB a pity, for they were pretty. Every thing is pretty this year. Papa has been in to HunBton," she said, abruptly, looking Anne in the face; but it was very difficult even for Rose's keen little eyes to distinguish in the moonlight whether or not Anne knew. Anne took very little notice of this bit of news. " So Saymore told me. Did Mr. Heath cote see the church, I wonder ? I hope some obe told him how fine it was, and that there Were some Mountford monuments," " Do you know what papa was doing in HunBton, Anne ? He went to Bee Mr. Loseby. Mamma made quite a fuss when he went away. She would not tell me what it was. Perhaps she did not know herself. She often gets into quite a state about things she doesn't know. Can yon tell me what papa could want with Mr. Loseby? you can Bee for yourself how cross he iB now he has come back." " With Mr. Loseby ? No, I cannot tell you, Rose." Anne heard the news with a little thrill of excitement. It was rarely that Mr. Mountfotd went so far ; very rarely that he did anything which, throngh his wife or Say more, or Rose herself, did not find its way to the knowledge of the entire household. Anne connected the incident of the morning with this recent expedition, and her heart beat foster in her breast. "Well: she was prepared; she had counted the cost. If she was to be disinherited, that could be borne—but not to be untrue. " That means you will not tell me, Anne. I wonder why I should always be the last to know. For all any one can tell, it may just be of as much consequence to me as to you, if he went to tamper with his will, as mamma said. What do you call tampering with a will ? I don't Bee," cried Rose indignantly, " why I should always be supposed too young to know. Most likely it is of just as much consequence to me aB to you." " Rose," cried her mother, from the window, " come in—come in at once ! How can you keep that child out in the cold, Anne, when you know what a delicate throat Bhe has ?" Then Mrs. Mountford gave an audible shiver and Bhut down the window hastily ; for it was very cold. " I have nothing to tell you, dear," Anne Baid gently, " but you are quite right; if there is any change made, it will be quite as im portant to yon as to me : only you must not ask me about it, for my father does not take me into his confidence, and I don't know." " You don t want to tell me !" Baid the girl; but this time Mrs. Mountford knocked loudly on the window, and Rose waB not sufficiently emancipated to neglect the second Bummons. Anne walked with her sister to the door, but then came back again to the sheltered walk under the windows. It was a melancholy hour when one was alone. The yellow leaves came down in showers flying on the wind. The doudB punued each other over the sky. The great masses of vapour behind the wind began to invade the frosty blue; yet still the moon held on serenely, though her light was more and more interrupted by sudden blanks of shadow. Anne had no inclination to go in to the quiet of the drawingroom, the needle work, and Mrs. Mountford's little lectures, and perhaps the half-heard chattering with which Rose amused and held possession of her couBin. To her, whose happier life was hidden in the distance, it was more congenial to stay out here among the fly ing winds and falling leaves. If it was so that Fortune was forsaking her—if her father had carried out his threat and she was now penni less, with nothing but herself to take to Cosmo, what change would this make in her future life? Would he mind? What would he Bay ? Anne had no personal experi ence at all, though she was so Berious and bo deeply learned in the troubles at least pf village life. As Bhe asked herself these ques tions, a smile crept about her lipB in spite of her. She did not mean to smile. She meant to inquire very gravely: would he mind ? what would he say? hut the smile came without her knowledge. What could he say but one thing ? If it had been another man, there might have been doubts and hesita tions—bat Cosmo! The smile stole to the corners of her mouth—a melting softness came into her heart. How little need was there to question! Did not she know ? Her thoughts were bo full of thiB that Bhe did not hear another foot on the gravel, and when Heathcote spoke she awakened with a start, and came down out of that Lofty hermitage of her thoughts with little satisfac tion ; but when he said something of the beauty of the night and the fascination of aU those voices of the wind and woods, Anne, whether willingly or not, felt herself com pelled to be civiL She came down from her abstraction, admitting, politely, that the might was fine. " But," she said, " it is frery cold, and the wind is rising every moment; I was thinking of going in." "I wonder if you would wait for a few minutes, Miss Mountford, and hear some- i thing I have to say." " Certainly," Anne said ; but Bhe was {Sur prised ; and now that it was no longer; her own will which kept her here, the wind all at once became very boiBterous, and the " silver lightB aud darks" dreary. " Do you know we have a ghost belonging to us?" she said. "She haunts that lime avenue. We ought to see her to-night." 1 " We have eo little time for ghosts," Baid Heathcote, _ almost fretfully; and then he added, " MisB Mountford, I came to Mount on a/Special mission. Will yon let me tell yon what it was ? I came to offer yonr father my co-operation in breaking the entaiL" ■ " Breaking the entail!" The idea wab so surprising that all who heard it received it j With the same exclamation. As for Apne, she did more: she cast one rapid involuntary glance round her upon the house with all its lights, the familiar garden, the waving clouds of trees. In her heart she felt as if a sharp ' arrow of possible delight, despair—she knew not which—attack her keenly to the core. It was only for a moment. Then she drew a long breath and said, " You bewilder me altogether. Break the entail—why should you? I cannot comprehend it. Paidon'me. it is as if the Prince of Wales said he would not have the crown. Mount is England to us Mountforda. I cannot understand what' yon mean." Heathcote thought he understood very well whatgAe meant, He understood her look. ^Everything ronndwas dear to her. Her !fimt thought had been—Mount! $o be ours still, pus aljvays!, But what diyl ours mean? j Did •he thinkof herself asheirees and mistress, Sff'iSfSfcS A & i heart, asfffie had; beta pricked, by t dif ' lament, by.tbe jhought ttyat she had ^ toe^rst'iirtorMt jp,thiTpiede pf news : but tbere was no reason whatever for been feeling in his case. What did it matter to him who had it ? He did not want it. He cleared hie throat to get rid of that involun tary impatience and anuoyance. " It is not very difficult to understand," he said. " Mount is not to me what it is to you; I have only been here once before. My inte rests are—elsewhere." Anne bowed gravely. They did not know each other well enough to permit of more con fidential disclosures. Sne did not feel suffi cient interest to ask, he thought; and she had no right to pry into his private concerns, Anne saia to herself. Then there was a' pause, which she broke quite unexpectedly with one of those impulses which were so unlike Anne's external aspect, and yet so entirely in harmony with herself. "This makes my heart beat," she said; " the idea that Mount might be altogether ours—our home in the future as well as in the past; but at th£ same time, forgive me. it gives me a little pain to think that there ib a Mountford, and the the heir, who thinks so little of Mount. It seems a slight to the place. I grudge that you should give it up, though it is delightful to think that we may have it, which is absurd, of course—like so many other things." " Do you know," he said, " there is a great deal of the same Bort of feeling in my own mind. I can't care for Mount, can I? I have not seen it for fifteen years; I was a boy then; now I am middle-aged, and don't care much for anything. But yet I, too, grudge that I should care for it so little; that I Bhonld be so willing to part with it. The feeling is absurd, as you say. If you could have it, Miss Mountford, I should surmount that feeling eaBily; I should rejoice in the substitution " "And why should not I have it?" cried Anne quickly turning upon him. Then she paused and laughed, though with constraint, and begged his pardon. " I don't quite know what you mean," she said, "or what you know." " Miss Mountford, having said so much to you, may I say a little more? I am one of your nearest relatives, and I am a great deal older than you are. There is some question which divides you from your father. I do not ask nor pretend to divine what it is. You are not agreed—and for this reason he thinks little of my proposal, and does not care to secure the reversion of his own property, the house which, in other circumstances, he 1 would have deBired to leave in your posses sion. I think, bo far as I have gone, thib is the state of the case?" 1 "Well!" She neither contradicted him nor consented to what he had said, but stood in the fitful moonlight, blown about by the wind, holding her cloak closely round her. and looking at him between the light and gloom. "Pardon me," he said, "I have no rjght whatever to interfere; but—if you could bend your will to his—if you could humonr him as long as his life lasts: your father is becoming an old man. Miss Mountford, you would not need, perhapB, to make this sacrifice for fery long." She clasped her hands with impatient alarm, stopping him abruptly—" Is my father ill? Is there anything you know of that we do not know." " Nothing whatever. I only know: his age, no more. Could you not yield to him, subdue your will to his ? You are yonng, jand you have plenty of time to wait Believe me, the happiness that will not bear tb be waited for is scarcely worth having. I have no right to say a word—I do not understand the circumstances—actually I know nothing about them. But if you could yield to him, humour him for a time—" " Pretend to obey him while he livBd," Anne said, in a low voice, " in order that I may be able to cheat him when he is gone : that is a strange thing to recommend to me." "There is no question of cheating him. What I mean is, that if you would submit to him; give him the pleasure of feeling himself obeyed in the end of hiB life " " I owe my father obedience at all times; but there are surely distinctions. Will you tell me why you say this to me!" • "I cannot tell you why: only that tbere is something going on which will tell against you: sincerely, I do not know what it is. I do not want to counsel you to anything false, and I scarcely know what I: am advising you to do. It is only, Miss Moluht ford, while you can—if you can—to submit to him: or even, if no better can he; seem to submit to him. Submit to him while he lives. This may be a' caprice on his part no more: but at the same time it may affect your whole life." . . Anne stood for a moment irresolute, hot knowing what to say; The night favoured her and the dark. She could speak with less embarrassment than- if t^e daylight had been betraying her every look and change of aspect.' " Mr. Heath Cote,* I'thank you' for taking so much interest-in me," she said; " I take the greatest interest in you, Miss Mountford; but in the meantime I would say the same to any one aojtouiig. Things ' are going on' which will injtire'you for llife.1 1 If yon can by your submission avert .tb^C ills, and make him happier—even lor a time'?"-; i • ' "In Bhort," she said agdin, "pretend to give np until be is no longei here to sec whether I follow my own inclinations of his? It may be wise advice, Mr. Heathcbto:' bnt is it advice which yoji would like your— any one you cared for—to take?" ! " I should not like any one I cared fof, he said, hesitating—" pardon me, I cannot] help offending yon—to be m opposition to her family on euch a point." The colour rushed to Anne's face, !and. anger to her heart, but as, the one jwas invisible, so she restrained the other. |She pnt restraint in every way on; herself. "That may be so, that may he so !jyou cannot tell unless you know everything," she said. Then, after a pause, "I But whether it was right or wrong, it ie done - now, and I cannot alter it. It is pot a matter upon which another can decide for you. Obedience at my age oaunpt f>e absolute. When yon have - Ijo make the one phoiqe of i your life, cap your father qo it, or any one bnt yonraelf? Did yba think so when J you were like me ?" she said, with an appeal; full of earnestness which was almost impassioned. This appeal took Heathcote entirely by surprise, and changed all the current of* his thoughts. . ! " I was never like you," he. said, hastily— "like you! 1 never could compare myself —I never could pretend—I thought I loved half-a-dozen women. " Did! ever make: the one choice of my.life? No. no ! A wander ing man afloat upon the world can nevbr be like—such as you : there is too great a difference. We cannot compare things so unlike But I thought "-r-ahe said, then a to, for his atoiy which ahp h*4 i»Wd b1 very different meaning. .Andi what. had she to advert to it? "Tdop'thp you speak in-to.wspect-ror Incpntomp In contempt^ the state of; the jCaae as'; leaving thp gwpfalqq break the entail has no attractions for your father, because he thinks he cannot secure Mount to you. It is doing something against his own heart, against all he wishes, to punish you. Don't you know, Miss Mount ford—but moat likely you never felt it— that «• _to be wroth with those we love Doth work like madness iu the brain?" " Love?—that would be great love, passion ate love—we have not auything of the kind in our house," said Anne, in a low tone of emotion. " Ir there was that, do you think I would go agaiuBt it, even for " , Here she stopped with a thrill in her voice. "I think you must be mistaken a little, Mr. Heathcote; but I do not see how I can change. Papa asked of me— not the lesser things in which I could have obeyed him, but the one great thing in which I could not. Were I to take your advice, I do not know what I could do." Then they walked in silence round the side of the house, under the long line of the drawingroom windows, from which indeed the interview had been watched with much astonishment Rose had never doubted that the heir of the house was on her side. It seemed no better than a desertion that he should walk and talk with Anne in this way. It filled her with amazement. And in such a cold night too! " Hush child!" her mother waB saying; " he has been with papa to Hnnston, be has heard all the bnsiness arrangements talked over. No doubt he is having a little conversation with Anne, for her good." " What are the business arrangements? What is going to happen ? Is he trying to make her give up Mr. Douglas ?" said Rose; but her mother could not or would not give her any information. By and bye Heathcote came in alone. Anne wae too much dis turbed by this strange interview to appear when it was over in the tranquil circle of the family. She went upBt&ira; to take off her wraps, to subdue the commotion iu her tnind and the light in her eyes, and tame herself down to the every-day level. Her mind was somewhat confused, more confused than it had yet been as to her doty. Cosmo somehow had seemed to be gently pushed out of the first place by this stranger who never named him, who knew nothing of him, and who certainly ignored the fact that, without CoBmo, Anne no longer lived or breathed. She was angry that he should be so ignorant, yet too shy and proud to mention her lover or refer to him save by implication. She would hare been willing to give up corresponding with him, to make any immediate sacrifice to her father's prejudice against him—had that been ever asked of her. But to give up " the one choice of her life," as she had said, would have been impossible. Her mind was affected strongly, but not with alarm, by the intelligence that something was being done mysteriously in the dark against her, that the threat under which she had been living was now being carried out. But this did not move her to submit as Heathcote had urged —rather it stimulated her to resist. Had CoBmo bat been at hand! But if he had been at hand, how could he have ventured to give the advice which Heathcote gave? He could not have asked her to yield, to dissemble, to please the old man while his life lasted, to pretend to give himself up. Nothing of this could he have suggested or she listened to. And yet it was what Cosmo would have liked to adviBe; but to this Btate of Cosmo's mind Anne had no clue. 