REMINISCENCES OF WINDSOR. BY WILLIAM WALKER. Subsequent Elections. THE second general Election took place in 1848\. Bowman and Fitzgerald were again nominated-the latter it appeared, however, without his consent. Bowman had, there tore, next to a walk over. But a great con test took place for Cook and Westmoreland. Mr. Alfred Cheeke, Commissioner of the Court of Requests, in answer to a nume rously-signed requisition, announced him self as a candidate. ID opposition to him, Mr. James Martin, a young and rising attorney, was brought out. It was objected against Mr. Cheeke rhat he was a govern ment official, and that the Government were already sufficiently represented in the Coun cil bv their TíoríiÍT¡p"s ; further, that he '??-?us. . e bc:;id :o > \t. ¡L- behests of his ?-? -R.-a-for* : -J occupions, and could not, T.jLftr«;îor-s t¿r.e un in-'''pendent vote. The requisition to Mr. Gneeke was drawn out by myself; he was a personal friend of mine, whereas at that time Mr. Martin was un known to me , and he was represented as an ambitious young man prematurely brought into public lite ; though supported by Went worth, Nicholls. Fitzgerald, and other in fluential politicians. The Sydney Htrald and the Atlas of that day favored the public with repeated articles upon the merits and demerits of the candidates-the former paper supporting Cheeke, whilst the latter went in for Martin. Some of the articles in tlie Atlas were very clever, and had such headings as " Cheeke and bis Cook," and " Cheeking a county." The latter was a poetical satire (said to be written by Mr. W. Forster) in the form of a dramatic frag ment, the dialogue being between Alfred and the ghost of Sir George Gipps. The requisition and reply are turned into rhyme. In one place Alfred says to the spirit of the governor, who had been advising him : " Thanks for the lesson ; but Sir tell, Will my Election go on well ? Will any person me oppose And shall I triumph o'er my foes ? GHOST ; Yes, * Jeames ' the country round first having scanned, Will pitch at last on Cook and West moreland. He picks out you (wise knowledgeable elf), As one less worthy than himself." Although Cheeke had pledges which, if kept, must have secured his return, he was beaten by the talented young solicitor (after wards Attorney-General and Chief Justice), who was elected by a considerable majority. I well renieniDer the arrival at Wilberforce of the Kurrajong men, marching in pro cession with a band at their head, consisting of a fiddle and an empty rum-keg for a drum, with Grandfather Hoskisson and Jimmy Cullen, the sporting publican, lead ing them, all, with one exception, being voters for Martin. They had been shep herded all the night previous in one place, and kept well plied with rum. There was only one man of the lot (a North of Ireland Orangeman) who was - persuaded to give Cheeke a vote. When the House met Martin's return was petitioned against, on the ground that he had not a legal qualifi cation, namely, a freehold in his own right of the requisite amount. He had declared himself the owner of some property in Sydney, derived from a client named Rey nolds. The Committee of the House (W. Bowman being Chairman) reported that they could find no registered conveyance of the property in question to Mr. Martin, and recommended action to be taken to deprive him of his seat. A spirited debate ensued, in which Wentworth, in behalf ot Maniu, and Lowe, contra, took part. Mr. Martin himself delivered an eloquent address, which he concluded thus : *' However great might be their present power within these walls, they could exercise no authority over the constituency who sent him there ; and who he felt confident would send him back in triumph, clothed with far greater power and influence than, had it not been for these illegal and vindictive proceedings, he could otherwise easily have obtained." Mr. Martin made a formal protest against the procee dings, which en ied in his Election being declared void, and his leaving the house at the request of the Sergeaut-at-arms. As he predicted, however, he was again triumph antly returned, and before assuming his seat a second time handed in a letter to the Speaker wherein he stated, " That he did not admit that he had ever ceased to be a member of the Legislative Council since his original Election." In 1850 an Imperial Act was passed, separating Port Phillip from New South Wales, and erecting it into a separate colony under the name of Victoria. By this Act also the New South Wales Legislature was empowered and required to pass an Elec toral Act to give effect to the change. A colonial act accordingly went through, re taining the number of 36 representatives, but slightly modifying the apportionment. This necessitated a new Election. The Cumberland Boroughs' affair took place in September, when Mr. John Rose Holden (who had been rejected at the Election for Sydney-Dr. Lang beating him) was brought out by the then Government party, supported by R. Fitzgerald. Mr. William Bowman, who had been taking things rather easily, was then induced to come actively forward again. The result of the contest, however, was that contrary to all expec tation, Bowman was defeated for the first time, and was found in a minority at all the polling-places except Richmond. Holden's aggregate majority was 26. There was a great deal of stir towards the end over this Election ; extra mounted police were brought out to keep order, and for the first time here voters were conveyed to the poll in hired carriages. To console Bowman for his defeat a presentation of silver plate was made to him at a luncheon given by his friends at Richmond, on the 13th February, 1852, at which I was present, and responded to one of the toasts. Holden only retained his seat tor about 18 months, when be re signed and went to England- Bowman was then re-elected without opposition. There was not the same facility for getting candi dates then that there is now-the large property qualification being an obstacle. In Cook and Westmoreland Mr. Martin was opposed in his re-election by Mr. Long more, a Roman Catholic attorney of Sydney ; but being now supported by many of his lormer opponents, who had learnt to admire and appreciate his talents and his conduct since he had been a member, he was re turned by a large majority. These were the last Elections under the first limited repre sentative constitution, which lasted about 13 years. When the new constitution, framed by Wentworth, conferring responsible govern ment on the colony, came into operation in 1856, the Cumberland Boroughs' con stituency was enlarged to include the town of Penrith. The Elections took place in April of that year. On this occasion Mr. Bowman presented himself for re-election, but met with a vigorous opposition. He had become unpopular undor allegations that he had neglected to attend to his duties in the House, and had misrepresented the views of his constituents on the subject of a petition against portions of the new consti tution. No less than three opponents ap Seared in the field, Robey, Redman, and Loss-three R's. Their numerousness was Bowman's strengh. Had any one of them singly opposed him, he would have failed. I The result, however, was in his favour, but only by 5 votes ; the numbers polled being Bowman 129, Robey 124, Redman 115, Ross 90. The speeches of the opposing candidates during this Election were most amusing. Redman ard Ross generally ap peared at the same meeting, and abused each other soundly to the great entertain ment of the audience. The nomination was a lengthy proceeding, and extended far into the night, under candle light. Redman was particularly " long winded." He was the last speaker, and after he had addressed the audience for an hour-and-a-half by way of introduction, he went on to say " Gentle " men, after these few preliminary remarks, I will now proceed to give you a full expo sition of my political principles !" It was the most tiresome thing of the kind I had ever heard. The Electorate of Cook and Westmoreland had had au additional mem ber conferred on it. Mr. Martin and Mr. Robert Jamieson of Penrith stood together for its representation. A Mr. Arkins op- j posed Jamieson, but the result was that Martin and Jamieson were returned by large j majorities. j in December 1857 the Cowper Ministry having been defeated on a Bill to increase the assessment on stock and rent of runs, the House was for the first time dissolved, and a general Election took place in 1858. For the Cumberland Boroughs Mr. Bowman for the fifth time offered himself, but was now not only confronted by a former oppo nent, Mr. Redman, but a new competitor of a formidable character appeared in the per son of the young and eloquent barrister, Mr. William Bede Dalley. This gentleman had just stood tor re- election at Sydney, but was defeated, or allowed himself to be so, there in order to save his chief, Mr. Cowper. After a smart contest, Mr. Dalley came in at the head of the poll, the numbers being, Dalley 246, Bowman 168, and Redman 58. This put a period to Mr. Bowman's legis lative career. In November following Mr. Dalley became Solicitor-General, and was re-elected on taking office. For Cook and Westmoreland Mr. Martin and Mr. Jamieson were again returned, this time being unop posed. This was the last Election Mr. Martin engaged in in this district. A MAN named Sterl:ng was hanged in Youngtown, Ohio, in 1877, for the murder of a yoong girl. He was convicted on the evidence of a huckster, who a few days ago, on his death bed, confessed that he was the murderer. 