jfoMist. ' PARTNERS: A TRUE STORY. , BY A CO LTNTRY ATTORNEY. CHAPTER XII. — ( Continued .) Hiim thought [Puffy ; 'this 19 very \- . ponte; too infernally pulito, altogothor'; bIio ? .must suBpoot something ; at nil ovonts,*it- is oloar tho game ia up -with hor.' *Mr. I 1 uiry was uneasy. Ho got up and oxamiued , ins lodger, but, apparent!}-, found nothing! \- satisfactory in tho shape of a solution of.: _ lus difficulty, for ho '^shut tho bnok-'^/ith u* aiam and a muttorod curso. That cursed acoount o£ Brown's must bo squarod aoino how,' ho muttorod; 'but how to do it I don't Itnmv. Thm-A,', of tho othor customers of tho bank that will look at such a rotfcon investment. My only hopG was in Mrs. Hardgrovo, and sho lias failed mo. It is too bad. Thoro niuat bo 1 some ouraod friond or another who has ad- ' vised hor against it. Hang her! I thought sho would, '-havo^truatcd] mo, and to go and tako «omo sneaking outsider's aavico about it ! 'Well, ono never can depend upon thoso infernal women ; ' and Mr. Puffy Btampcd his foot, and cursed Mrs. Hard . ... Kf'0^0' nS really had good grounds for thinkingthfttho.had suiforodaporsonal wronir. bocauso that lady would not allow horse'f to bo swindled by him. Mr. Putty wa«, un questionably, m a fix. Ho required £2000 to square Brown's account ; and ho had only about £1000 of Ins own to do it with. This amount was as muoh as ho oould raise, by , , straining, to tho utmost, his resources of a , Iogitimato naturo. Tho most of tho money he had made was invested in somo fabu . . iously rich quartz roof, which had not, as yot, dono any good; and tho shares of Whioh were, at present, almost valueless, ? ,„Sv.. xrom a vaiioty of causes, incidental to quartz toefing. . _ '^9 b0 gravelled for a paltry £1000,' ho groaned it is enough to mako a man aiBhonoat.' \- , ^ was unconscious of sayincf any thing fuuny hero. Ho really meant it. Ho was m such an awful- funk, that he really thought ? »S?. honesty and his own salvation, out of this this particular difficulty wero synonymous J0^m8, This^ is often tho way with mon of ;intcnso practicalness. Thoy think tliomsolves \- ; . the hub of oreation, and havo not sufficient imagination to^ pioturo tho result of any ?°Al0a 0XC°P^ tho light of their own interests. But amidst the sombre cogitations i 1 uJ*'ftPPy banker, a ray of light seemed ' at length to struggle through tho mental darkness. An idea had ovideutly struck liim, , for ho left the ;bank, , and, putting on his \- most acgage air, strolled loisurely iuto tho v . Oommorcial Hotol. -After having a drink with the landlord, .. . Mr. ojoggius, and discussing the weather, ? ?v£ri0? stock, tho incroaso of tho rabbit plaguo, -fcc., &o.;, ho said, casually: By tho way, Sloggins, do you remember my mentioning to yon about having mado a ; ' . sort of puzzlo on a bit of paper in Hooky's ©ffioo tho othor day ?%1 ~ 'Oh! yes, distinctly » said Sloggins. ... _ J- jlbot you don't remember what it was, , ana what it was dono on.' 'Bet you drinks I do— como V ; a ' Woll, what was it?' ? 'Is it abet?' « ' Oh, yes.' ? -xou marked, said Sloggins, slowly, as ; ho proceeded to illustrate tho matter with a ? , pjfc of pencil 011 tho margin of tho Sham v Aavertmr, 'you marked onouo of Hooky's pronussory noto forms tho dato, thus: JL* VI. JjaJvIa. . ' Well, _ by Jovo !' said Puffy, « J thought you woman t havo romemberod it.' Tho drinks woro brought in, and, aftor a ; littlo more general conversation, Mr. Puffy -loft. , . Ho returnod to tho bank with a satisfied n1lr'„a?(1 ttboufc 10 o'olook that night he strolled down iu tho dirobtion of XXookv'a offioo. . . . What took placo : botwoon these two . worthies will appear furthor on. ? CHAPTER XIII. , 1 Whek Jim W alitor bade adieu to Sirs. Hardgrovc ; or ruLhor, as lie said himsolf . v;.([whon ho gallantly kissod hor hand in part \ \nS) att reuoir, it was liis iutoutiou to return 1 - in a very short lime, tu aiujo.iiioro busk in tho ; , smiles of his mistress. ..- . .-s! In tho mean timo ho requested his friond v..',, Parchment, to arraugo Bomo of his papors, ...ana pay all his accounts, and gonorally mako ^-..preparations for his approaching' doparfcuro. ' T. haPP°nod that Parclimont was in .... wWalbor s offico on tho night that Sir. Puffy . . was in searoh of Hooky. TTn ]iad just .finished his work when tho clock struck cloven. Wlion lio put tho light out ho mado . for the door, at tho same time feeling in his Eookot.for tho koy. As the key was not in is ., pocket, it is needless to 6ay that he la soarohod in vain. Ho then sought for a match, :«:.;bafc found to his disgust that ho had not got ^ ono. Thon commenced a painful quest, in fcho dark, for tho koy which he had a sort of impression was ou tho tablo among 'somo .^ papers. Turning round, ho made u bee lino -; v ;for-the ohair ho had just vacated, with a step y ns confldont aud assured as if ho wero strol ling round tho Eastern Markot, uiulor tho six ' olbetric lights which illuminate that paradise \- : of ohoap Johns. It -is worthy of remark that, under such -.ciroumstanccs, one invariably goes in a diree lion diamotrically opposite to that whicli ono * intends to go. Mr. Parohmcnt was convinced . ..?ithat tho table, with the key 011 it, lay about north-oast by north. As a matter of course, ho -marched boldly 1 eou'-Bou-west, by half south'; and coming ' plump 011 to tho stand which iield tho copy mg press, knocked' it and tho water bottlo \- oyer, with a crush that mado Mrs. Brown, ? who was slooping Boundly noxt door, jump up in bod with her hair standing on end, under i , tho impression that tho ICollys wore about. Mr. Parolnnout was not much given to pro irrcsiBtiblci impubso to sirau'. It is duo to luiii, however, lo suy that I10 compromised I, I10 mailer bysunply cinciilatiijg : 'thunder!' Parch niont stood fi«- a moment lo collcet lus thoughts, whilo ho rubbod his bump ol - locality, to obtain an inspiration 11s to his whereabouts. He had it vu/juoidea that ivliou ho was sitting at the tablo tho window was in front of him, and tlio copying press lo his right. Ho was not, quito suro about this, but boinir of a buoyant and impulsive naturo, lie acted upon liis impression as if it woro a oorluiuty. ' 1 It is vory clear,' said I10, ' that if tho copying press is horo, tho tablo must bo over thoro.' This was, no doubt,' a perfeotly correct inference to mako, and if tho promisos had beon faultless, tho deduction would have had t.|io logical appositoness of a Iruo syllogism. 'I am licro,' said Mr. Paroli nioiit 'thoi'oforo tho tablo must bo over thoro.' Tho major promiso was Correct, but tho minor was evidently imperfect, for tho conclusion of tlio syllogism landed Mr. x'urenmeni s 11011a uirougu 0110 ot . 1,110 window pane*. For ' tho ilrst timo during tliis trying scouo Tom Parchment used a vory big D, but undor tlio eiroumslaucos, I10 may plead justification. Whilo his hoad was outside, and ho folt tho invigorating offoots of tho cool Slocumian niyht air. Torn had serious thoughts of ondiug his difficulties by shoutiug, ore roluntlo : — 'King tho alarm-boll'. Murder and treason I Bauquo and Donnliiain !' but roiloeting that tfie room was only about ilfteou feet squaro, ho dotormined to mako auothor clfort to find that koy — or, at least, tho tablo. To guard against any furthor mishaps, I10 dotormined to circumnavigate tho room, iu ordor to iix tho positions of tho door and window and any othor laud mark that would bo useful. Accordingly iio put his hand carefully along tho wall, and folt liiB way round to t.ho loft, knocking ovor a clock and an iuk-bottlo iu his progress. Thus cautiously advancing, I10 hu'd nearly completed tho circuit of tho room when a fresh catastropho liupponed. Ho luid forgotten nil about the copying press until ho was forcibly rominded of its exist ence by tumbling- ovor it a second time whoro tho floor had been rendered slippory by tho upsetting of tho wator-bottlo. As ho foil this tijno, ho bogan a scries of forciblo remark's, aud milking a wild grab at tho wall to savo himsolf, ho sucoooded in bringing down on tho top of his hond a map of tho world which adorned tho office. It must havo been a vory rotten map, for Tom's hoad wont right through it, and raimo out. about tho Sargnssa Soa, in tho North Atlantic Ocean, soinewlioro botwoon tho Gulf of Moxico and tho Straits of Gib ralter. Iu tho interests of truth wo . must now acknowledge, that Tom's aversion to strong language fairly Ibroko ( down. Ho sworo, as tho Froneli say, long and lnrgo. Whilo his hoad was still through tho map ho I r,„! l.Jj l„Cf .,,,,1 1,1 n c- „1, „,1 right down tho American contiuont from Alos-ka in tho North, to Capo Horn iu tho south ; then stretching out his right hand ho distributed a Btream of mild profanity, from Siboria right through tho Desert of Gobi, across Chineso ? Tartary, over tho Phillipine Islands, New Guinea, Queonshmd, Now South Wales and us ho fiuished at Mel bourne his hand struok — the koy ho was looking for, which was in tho door all the timo. Now this advonturo of Tom Parchment, although it was vory annoying at tho timo, turnod out, as it happened, a vory fortunate oireumstanoo. If it had not beon for tho delay thus caused ho would havo beon out of Wulkor's offico a quartor of an hour bofore. As it was ho was just preparing to go out when ho heard tho familiar voico of Puffy outsido talking to someone, who it turned out was Hooky. They wero going into Hooky's ollico and a kind of instinot told Parchment that this mysterious conj unction of two suoh bright particular stars boded ovil to somebody. Ho therefore romaiued perfeotly quiet, and presently ho hoard tho striking of a match, whilo a stream of light broko through a ventilator in tho wall hot iveen tho two oflieos, whioh 'had hithorto beon concealed by tho map, tho downfall of whioh had boon tlio cause of so muoh cursing. Tom Parohmout was the soul of honour, but ho considorod himself quito justified iu endeavouring to find out what tho two conspirators were about ; ho therefore used the kuowlodgo of locality acquired by his lato investigations to put his back uuder tho tablo, and, after tho expenditure of an iuflnito deal of patience, ho placed it, noiselessly, close against tlie wall, undornoath tho ventilator ; and, mounting upon it, he could look into tho next room, and sea and hear all that , was going on. ? CHAPTER XIV. Toil PAiforaruifr, from his coign e of vantage, could see distinctly everything in Hooky's offico. It was Tory ovident that thero was an uncomfortable fooling of con straint between tho two mon. Silas Hooky had tho appearance of a man who anticipated an impending ovil ; whilo Puffy was attempt ing to iissumo tho rule of ono porfoctiy at his ease, whilo ho was constrainedly nervous, and spasmodically jolly — or at least loud. ' You will pardon mo, Mr. Putty,' said tho lawyor, ' if I fail to understand tho drift of your remarks which, to say the least,. are in questionable taste.' ' You don't like them,' said Puffy, drily. ^TJ'I -don't like them, and I don't undor ruV'id them,' retorted Hooky, savagely; ' and lot mo toll you, olico for aU, that I will not submit to this assumption of superiority on your part, which I look upon as an importinonee.' ' Lardy dull!' said Puffy. Thero was » savage gleam in tho lawyor's eyes, as ho hal'f rose from his chair, apparently with the intention of seizing his companion by tho throat. Howover, ho conquered his impulse, nnd sat down aguin ; but tho banker lost his nonchalant air, and his colour at tho same time. He had evi dently gone too far, and he appeared .to come to the conclusion that Hooky was not a man to be trifled with. The men wero taking eaoh other's measure. After a moment's silenoe tho lawyer said, ' If you will oease your hints and innuondoos, and state plainly what you want me to do, it will, perhaps, be beSter for both of ub.' ' I only want you to do, for our mutual benefit, what you havo already done for your own,' said Puffy. ' That is— f' interjooted the lawyer, im patiently. ' Forgo'l' said Puffy, in a low tone. 'Oh!' exclaimed Hooky, 'you do me too muoh honour,' and ho leant baok in his oliair with tho oasy air of a man who had j ust discovered the point of a joke whioh had hithorto oacaped him. ' And so you think that among my mani fold accomplishments I am fool onough to inolude that of tho forger, eh f' ' Look hero, Hooky, lot us drop this and come to business,' said tho banker, shortly. 'Prooced, my friond, proooed,' said Hooky; ' unfold your sohomo to tho atten tive oars of yours truly. I admire your impertinence. I always know yon were a roguo; I am consoious that I am not immaculate mysolf: but X did not think 'before that you were a '? fool ; and I was certainly unawaro that I had given you reasou to think that I was one. But go on, go on; I am all attention. Whoso name am I to forge, pray, for our mutual bonofit, ha ! ha 1 vory good 1 for our mutual bonofit, ho ! ho I— what a coinor of phrases yon ore, tflffy.', Tho banlcor lnt his lip impationtly, whilo tho lawyor was indulging in his untimoly inorrimont— whioh had a somewhat false ring about it. Hooky laughed, but tho laughtor was forced. It did not spring spontaneously from a jocund heart, or a tickled imagination. It wns a stuge laugh, and carriod with it hardly cvon tho ghost of merriment. Suoh as it was, however, tho l iwyer suddenly ceasod bis assumed mirth, nnd bringing his jiiws togothor with a snap, turned an otiquiring look upon his companion. ' What do you moan by saying, or insinuat ing rathor, that I havo committed forgery,' ho suddenly enquired. 'I simply inoiin,' replied tho bankor, ' that I know you have dono it; that I can provo you havo dono it ; but that X think it will suit mo botter to work with you, rathor than against you.' ' In other words,' suid , Hooky, ' you think you havo a hold on mo, and tliat you ??win graciously pormit ino to boooiuo your ?cat's-paw.' ? ? - - ' Wo shall sharo oqually,' snid tho bankor. . ' In tho profits?' queried Hooky. . Tho Bankor nodded assent. , ' ' And tho risks P' persisted 'the hiwyor. - Puffy smilod in a doprcuuting fashion, that ho had acquired by lonii habit .of doing unpleasant thiugg iu as pleasaut'a niannor as possible. . . , ; ' ' Supposing I refuse,' ' said Hooky. 'I should explain to you, that it would bo hotter to rooonsider your viituoiia resolu tion,' suid PulTy. : 1 ' Woll thon explain at ouoo, for I emphati cally drolino to oommit a crime for tho sako of enriching you.' ' v.' .- i - . . ' And yoursolf.,' intorjootod Puffy. ' POsBibly,' said Hooky, 'but let mo |lioar your roasons for supposing that I am capable of tho crime, in tho rosults of whioh you are willing to share.' 'I know, for instance, that you forgod J ohn Thorn's namo to a promissory noto for £500.' ? ' ? ? ; 'And supposing I said you lied in making such a statomont — what, then ?' 'Thon, I should simply say that, your ob servation was more vigorous thuu oorreot,' ropliod Puffy — 'but lot mo explain;' and, iioroupon, Puffy utifoldod to tho lawyer tho means hy which ho had booomo possessed of his secrot. Hooky listened to tho narration with a countenanco iu wliieb tho varying shades of contemptuous incredulity gavo way. to tho oouviction gradually forced upon him, that tho chain of ovidoncc was complete. Howovor, he was not a man to yield without a struggle. Ho returned once more to tho ohargo. 'All this maybe perfectly corroct,' said ho ; ' and yot, as I deny the charge, it may only toud to provo that I havo been tho viotim of a baso conspiracy. What was to prevent yon from making thoso hioroglyphies upon which yon place so much stress, after tno but camo into your hands us woll as before it loft my oflico ?' 'Certainly, thero is something' iu that; ami, if it wore only a question of your oath against mine, I suppose tho ono is as good, or as bad as the other ; but tho. whole sur roundings of the case are shady, and tho transaction will not boar investigation ; more-, ovor, X can bring a witnoss to prove that' bofore tho bill was known to be in oxistenoe, X had made thoso marka upon a blauk form in your office.' .. . \- , (2b be continued.) 