NEW SOUTH WALES. fFrom oar own Correspondent.] Svdnev. Deeember 14. The business of both Houses of Parliament proceeds apace. In the Assembly Monday has been taken u an extra day with a view to hurry through certain meunre«. tbe consideration of which has occupied a large amount of time. The qa!ei pace of the Council has alto been very perceptibly quickened, and our venerab'e senators, under the pressure put upon them, have laid aside the old cti'un cum dijnitaU mood for one that is brisker and mare energetic. This result has been brought about partly by a desire to close the lessir-n this year, but mainly with the view of clearing the course for the Premier to get away by the next San Francisco boat on a six months' tear. That Sir Henry has well earned a brief repose will not be denied even by bis bitterest opponents. The labour of carrying through such a measure as the Licensing Bill has been no small matter, and in dealing with those who antagonized tbe meaaare— come from a regard to vested interests, others who carped and qnibbled over it from sheer vexatious opposi tion, and yet others wbo wanted it to embody the advanced views of the advanced guard of Templars and teetotallers— the pilot of the measure has Heeded all his wit and all his resolution. In addition to the debating power which this required in the House there was the administrative work of tbe Colonial Secretary's Department to be got through, and both com bined have helped to bring down the strength of the Premier, and to make it an absolute necessity that he should have rest. The irri tating tactics of some members of the Opposi tion are very pitiable, tending as they do, by prolonging the session, to jeopardize some meat important measures, and to pnt in peril the Premier's holiday. I do not think, how ever, they will be successful, for on some points the Government have defied tbe stonewalling that has been resorted to, and have kept tbe House sitting nntll 4 o'clock in tbe morning and gained their points. A public meeting of the f.ifcixiana mi heM ? fnv Amxn since Co deliberate as to what steps thould be taken to reocgnise with becoming grace the Premier's departure. One thing has been definitely decided upon, acd that is to give him a handsome testimonial in the shape of money as an expression of tbe public estimate of tbe value of his services as a public man. Tbe amount which is intended to be raised is £3,000. There has been some talk about a banquet in connection with the presen tation, bnt whether this idea will be carried oat, or whether the testimonial will h* handed to Sir Henry at a great meeting of the citizens by the Mayor as chief citizen is not yet quite clear. Some of the members of the committee charged with the business are among oar most energetio business men, wbo have a prodigious estimate of the ability and services of Sir Henry, and a great power of communicating to others the in fection of their own feelings, so that the proiect is likely to go off with great eclat. In tbe discussion of tbe Estimates there have been some lively times over certain items. The immigration vote is one of those stock subjects which generally evokes a large amount of talk from sundry gentlemen wbo regard themselves as holding a brief in the interests of labour. This year tbe old, stale, threadbare platitudes were trotted out with as much vigour aa if they were brand-new. To listen to some of these honourable gentlemen yon might well imagine that all tbe requirements of the colony in the shape of population were met for the present, and that there was a very satisfac tory adjustment between the claims for labour on tbe one band and tbe supply on tbe other. Now, there is something very ludicrous in the senselessness of this, and something slightly contemptible in the selfishness of this. Here we are as a community in a state of chronic domestic discomfort from the gr; at scarcity of female helps. Almost every other housewife is going about breathing her lamentations and ottering her woe, because the tribe of Bridgets is so scarce that she can't get the ghost of one, or because wben she gets bold ot a, real live Bridget she finds that because of the present necessity the mistress has to help the maid and pay a good round sum fcr the privi lege. Agsin, parties requiring skilled labour in the various trades are often at tbeir wits' end to know what to do ; while the same holds good with reference to the agricultural and pastoral districts of the Interior. And yet, forsooth, cer tain gentlemen in tbe Assemoiy win continue to chatter like magpies against being inundated by labour, when tbe real point of their conten tion Is that those wbo are out here Jenjoying their cake shall continue to feast and fatten, while the poor needy ones In the northern country may fight tbeir battle as best they can, for that evidently is matter of little concern to such. Turning from tbe theories of Interested parties to tbe evidence ot experience on this point, one thing is very clear : that the accessions to oar population that have come from this source have greatly improved their own position and have correspondingly bene fited the colony. No one is foolish enough to advocate such a scale of immigration as wonld derange all trades and give such a surplus ot labour as the community could not conveniently asssimilate. But if tbe matter be judiciously regulated, the proposed additions to oar numbers would be a general gain. Another consideration that makes their opposition to the immigration vote appear the more nnreesonable is that we are alienating about two millions of acres of land per annum, which represents an enormous sum of money, so that tbe appropriation ot £75,000 this year for the purpose of increasing tbe population hi) about it tbe appearance of something very modest and becoming. That is one side of tbe account. Tbe other side is that the State Is spending considerably more than two millions a year as an employer of labour. Combine both these views as an argument for the vote, and it will seem eminently reasonable. I suppose it was some such an aspect of the matter as this that raised the ire of Sir Hetty against Mr. Ninian Melville, *ho persisted in resisting the vote after it wu clear that a large miioiity of tbe members were in lavonr 01 u. xne narung 01 me non. mem ber against the matter was so persistent and so irritating that it resembled the petulant and obtrusive bow- wow-wow of some little ear in the fare of a great and somewhat long-suffering mastiff. At length, however, the maitiff got np acd shook the little car, whereupon the little enr retreated, and the business went on. Tbe Licensing Bill has been before the Council, and has suffered very little alteration fiom the shape in which it left tbe Assembly. Tbe licensed victuallers through their friends in the Assembly did their very best to dismember the measure of some of its best provisions, pro visions which were intended to meet tome of the crying evils of the traffic. Failing to make any appreciable alteration in the Bill in the Lower House, they give their best efforts to carry their point by an appeal to tbe Council ; bnt they miscalculated. In the Upper House little was uttered in regard to the Bill bat terms of congratulation, Sir Alfred Stephen, whose long experience, first as a Judge and then for so many years as Chief Justice, brought him into painful contact with the abominations ot the drink traffic, designating it at one of the most important legislative measures whioh had oome before Parliament. Aa an illustration of bow tbints work on this side the continent in relation to drink, and what grievous con sequences flow therefrom, it was stated by one member ot tbe Assembly, who is in a position to know tbe truth of that which be anetta, that be knew one party who had 300 houses under his control, another who bad 250, and a third 180, whilst others had smaller number*. The mode in which the business is managed is this— the brewer* ftecurc tbe lease of tbe bouses, start the parties occupying them with their stock-in-trade, and are then masters of tie situation. Sir Henry, who seemed to have an inkling of some little game of the sort, bat wbo appeared to hive ao conception of the extent to which it obtained, rightly said that he could hardly conceive anything more destruc tive to tbe interest* of society, or more infa tnomly wrong in itself. Tbe Bill of the Govern ment now appears safe to become law this session, which is a consummation that will be bailed with satisfaction not alone by every fervid temperance reformer, but bIso by every one wbo values the cause of public morality and good order. Tbe Government had a tough fight a few nights ago over the vote of £4,800, which isthe amount they propose to pay to six Stipendiary MasistratiB for the metropolitan district*, or at toe rate ot xcuu a year eacD. xne ngni naa goce forward some time before on the principle of tbe arrangement. When the Metropolitan Magistracy Bill w&s; before the Assembly many of tbe members chose to regard the introduction of this measure as an insult to the unpaid magistrates. Others, and among them the more reputable members who also exercised magis terial facetious, gnve expression to tbeir perfect satisfaction with the measure. The effect of their sentiments was, ' Let the galled jade go wince, enr withers are nnwrung.' The truth of tbe matter is this : we have magistrates, and magistrates. Some would do honour to any Bench in tbe world; others should never have been trusted with tbe honour or responsibility of tbe position. Political hacks, time- servers, r_ '-ritr-hunters.wbcse ambition is very great, PrT ' 'nacity and character are very small bn*Wh0f' »-. '-eeded only too well in de ?~!lfL.rTe«^~ ~ nnfitneai for magisterial mOBstratuig their otti*-. - case wasthe last inty. Tbe Dimond lieenifah* . ,tT£ ' {!£ »f a long series which aeemed I* ^J* '* 'A one shocking example the many -?™f «J*1 -'* received legal auction by the utter..' '* and unprincipled doings of many of onr maij**enal iignitaries. Borne of these, wbo ought to U?*e oeen suspended long ago for their outrageous disregard of the decencies and proprieties of their position, are naturally irate now to find bow their wings hare been clipped, and bow they have been left, comparatively speaking, tat the shadow of a mighty name. Poor Fellows .' they deserve little commiseration, and they get little. The eonscioas weakness and hom&iation; ot their lot brought them again to the front when the salaries of these Stipendiary Magistrates was before the House. The prin ciple of the question was again gone into, and they threshed away at it until it became but as chaff, which, blown about by every wind of vitaperction, was slightly annoying. However, tbe Ministry stack to their purpose. Oox promiM was triod and cajolery. The candid friend of tbe Government give judgment, and tbe enemy perspired and threatened, but the motto of the moment was, do surrender. The opposing party tritd an atta-k in front, a Sank movemCLt, and many another dodge, but all tbeir courage and all their strategy were in vain, for the Ministry and their friends vowed their intention to fik.ht the matter out to the bitter end, and so their firmness gained the day acd carried tbe vote. A very animated discussion has taken place in both Houses aneol tbe Darling Harbour land, about whioh I wrote in my last. Mr. Eeld, a comparatively new member, who has had a somewhat long experience in the law offices of tbe Crown as to how tbe business of the Government is managed, and whose moderation and judgment in dealing with public grievances add to the effectiveness of bis criticism, made a strong speech regarding the colossal character of the claims made upon the Government. Taking Mr. Garrett's case first, he alleged that ont of the twenty-three lots claimed by this gentleman— embracing a total area of 2 roods 7 perches, and for which he asked the modest sum of £20,108— six were purchased some time after the land had been vested in Her Majesty by proclamation of His Excellency the Governor. The olaim of John Lucas, M.L.O., was next referred to. This was for a 99 yens' lease of 1 acre 1 rood on the western side of Darling Harbour, upon which there was not a single ouilding— only the beginning of a foun dation — and for this the modest sum has been asked of £76,945, which laid ont at interest for 99 years would amount to the insignificant total of £6.000,000 sterling. Another olaim was presented by the tenant in fee-simple who issued tbe lease, of £55,000; and yet another fiom a sub-lessee of the same land, of £10,000; the three claims aggregating to £141,000. It wu contended by several that the land had been resumed under the wrong Act, that it wu required primarily for the extension of tbe railway, and therefore should have been resumed under that Act. One great advantage of so resuming it wonld be that under that Act books and plans of references would be laid before Parliament, and the House would have another opportunity before the country was committed to the undertaking. The land wu, however, resumed under the Public Property Acquisition Act. One marked provision of this Aot is that the land has to be assessed by a Government valuator, and then if the claimants are dissatisfied they can sue the Government. Bat the issue to be pat be fore the Jury is thus stated.- — 'The issue to be tried in any such action shall be whether the claimant is entitled to a larger sum by way of compensation than tbe amount of valuation so made by the Minister, and notified to the claimant as aforesaid, and if so to what sum.' In this case tbe assessment of the Government valuator is frightfully large, and though daring the discussion it has been affirmed very emphatically by the Government that be is a man of honour, it bu also been stated that the said gentleman has land over in that part himself, so that with out impeaching the gentleman's honour we may take the more charitable view and attribute the excessive value to an unconscious bias arising oat of the before-mentioned land. One result of the debate has been that the Attorney General hasintroducedaBill toamend tbe Lands for Pnblie Purposes Acquisition Act, which Is intended to proiect the Government more thoroughly than they are protected at present irom the cleverness or cupidity of smart men whose views of value are greatly expanded when Government lays its finger upon property. Thi« is admittedly a very necessary step. Necessary as It may be, however, for the purpose* of tbe future, It will be very important in the interests of public honour to guard it from any retrospective action. The transactions have been began and completed under an exist ing Act, and if tbe provisions of that Act are faulty the Government most accept the conse quences. Individual interests that obtain under put legislation are not to be eorfd by any ex pest facto measure without generating a sefise of injustice. Bhould it be that the exorbitant demands in question will have to be met, we shall have to growl and pay, and do what many another does on a smaller scale — learn wisdom from the past and do better in the coming time. The Oarooar election hu terminated u every well-wisher of onr democratic institutions had desired. It wonld have been a stain and a dis honour to ns as a community if, in addition to the wrongs under which we smart to-day, we had the blistering irritant of the thought that a constituency had been so blind to its own honour and to Its regard for public parity u to send back to the balls of tbe Legislature a man who had so dishonoured his position and so prostituted his trust u Mr. Baker. We have, however, been spared that ignominy. Ihe muttered discontent of some wbo voted to shield Mr. Garrett, and who seem uneasy at tbe aspect of their own onduct, Gods expression now and again in tbe Assembly. They were wroth first because these gentlemen were tried by tte House ; now they are wroth tbe Attorney-General is giving Mr. Baker— at least, with his co-trustees — the opportunity of being tried by a Jury ; and with singular inconsistency they want to know why Mr. Garrett is not to be prosecuted, and also why Mr. Russell, the lawyer of this Company, is not to be dealt with. All this, however, does not avail to shake the Attorney GeaeraL Whatever may be tbe istne of the trial, the firmness of tbe Government in this wretched business will have a good moral effect upon tbe community. The city received quite a shock a (ew days ago through the sadden death of the Hon. M. Fitzpatrick, MX A. Bat a still greater shoik wu given when amid the grief and indignation of those who stood around his grave he wu committed to his lut resting-place without the rites of Christian borial. This wu denied him by the authorities of the Soman Catholic Church, of which he wu a member, because, so far ss can be seen, ot tbe independent part be took in the pnblio schools question. Tbe sub ject hu been tbe talk of the past day or two. Tbe deceased wu a prominent politician— one who had been a Cabinet Minister, a high-principled man, a warm friend, and according to the testimony of Sir P. Jenniigs, a co-religionist, one who possessed all Christian virtues. Bat, for all that, the Ohurch bu stamped him with this indignity and out rage. In the Assembly lut night the matter wu referred to in terms of strong reprobation. Two Roman Catholic members expressed their deep regret at the occurrence, while pleading that the Home had nothing to do with it. Me. Dillon, bowevsr, himself a Boman Catholic and a Fellow of St. John's College, launched out in a strain of the strongest condemnation of this ontragions basinets. Tbe public mind is shocked by the outrage, and it most open people's eyes to the dangers that attend tbe working of oar political institutions when a member of Parlia ment, for being true to his owr£bonest convic tions, is thus brought under the corse of Mother Ohurch. ? 