THE ESSAYIST. INNOVATIONS. " I change, but I cannot dle."-Rn»i.trBT It waB monrnfully remarked by a late eminent tragedian, on the day of his final re tirement, that" just as he was beginning to acqnire some faint insight of the rudiments of his profession, the peremptory call of old age was warning him to retire." We grow and cling to our matrix, smoothing down ! every angle and easing off every impediment till we resemble the traditional old prisoner of the Bastille, who, rescued by the en thuBiastio besiegers, and brought forth into the Bnnsbine of Pans, was so dazed and over whelmed by its novelty and brilliancy that he prayed to be taken back to his dungeon. Change, after a time, becomes irksome. The old crone in Maria Edgeworth's novel, whose opulent foster-son built for her a commodious new cottage, quitted it to return to her mud hut, with the hole in the roof, through which escaped the smoke of her peat fire. Most of us are like children—reluctant to go to bed 1 and no lesB so to get up. And, like them, far more conservative than we think, but often web ting our conservative zeal upon the form to the neglect and the detriment of the spirit, Time, as well says Bacon, is the greatest of innovators. He never pauses, never remits. While I write, his minute-hand is slowly but inexorably advancing. Fain would we "keep up," or conserve our views of life, once so joy fraught, but time bids them to slide from us and give place to others which, in their turn, muBt shift and vanish just when the eye has grown unto them aud the t&Bte; begun to enjoy. Yet, 'tis but the form that changes and passes, the Bpirit remains and is renewed and j recreated, like the snake casting its slough. " The one remains: the many turn and pass; Heaven's light for ever shines, earth's Bhadows fly." The spirit aud essence of virtue, goodness, truth, and love is undying. The forms are | infinite in their variety. Where, aeks Camp bell, are now the gemB and gold hid in the radiant bow ? They are gone with the child hood that created and cherished them. Where now is the thrill of enjoyment caused by the Bight of the blooming maid ? Where now, asks old age, is the sprightliness of the dance, the animation of the chase? Gone, with the yonthfol vigour to which they were adapted—gone to make way for the arm chair and the calm retrospect. Yet I know not whether the pleasures of intellect and taste be not at our command and within our own power to the very last; certain I am that the essence of goodness, and virtue, and progress is indestructible, and that all its forms, mixed modes, and " little systems," &c.;, have their day and are outgrown by as, even as are the playthings of childhood. The Englishman is among the most con servative of human beings. He takes with him into semi-tropical climates his belltopper hat, black evening suit, and tight boots, bis j Bcarlet and ermine robe, and beehive wig, with all their peculiar entomological associa tions, his Christmas fare, so welcome in the fogs of London, so nnsuited to Australian ' temperature, his heavy fiery alcoholics in the land of the grape, which he imbibes to give him strength during the rage of its summer ann. Philosophy and hygienic science whisper to him (alas, in vain), " Seek the same sup port, the same complacency, but seek them in different forms." Seek, as before, health and social intercourse, bnt the garb, the I regimen, and the solaces so welcome on the banks of the Thames are often grotesque in their miseries on the banks of the Yarra. When the morning sun rises in his power ! rejoicing, we light notonr lamps, we sigh not for the cold light of Btars. Both nave cheered ns when needed, both are now superfluous. So, in the light of modem science and psychology, we may gaze on Aquinas, and those of his school, with appreciation tempered by wonder, but we decline the pro found questions of angels dancing on neeale-1 points, of their presence in more than one' place at the same time, and euch like; we put them aside as unimportant and sterile, and care not to balance the probabilities of their troth. Did onr remote ancestors deem them interesting ? Granting that they did, we can not think as they thonght; their ways are not onr ways. Onr minds have learnt the limits of their own powers, and to seek know ledge that can be verified, good that is pos sible and practical, and happiness that is per manent without monotony,and cheering with out reaction or self-contempt We feel we cannot think as they thonght while we own our debt of gratitude to them as pioneers, and as thinkers who have proved the barrenness of the soils they hare exhausted. We often hear, or read, of the duty of a return to the " old paths," of the suppression of heretical innovations, of appeals to old-es tablished standards aad to stereotyped for mnlaries. Yet, when each are produced and analysed, any proposal to read them by the ordinary rales of grammar, and the clear day light of common sense, is indignantly pro nounced to be " a travesty," a downright mis representation. The fact is, the mind writheB under them, .struggles desperately to force itself into acquiescence, like a fashion able silly lady of the last centnry lacing her self by pulleys, or like a Chinese maiden of quality shuffling in her imprisoned feet Words are warped from their natural aud ob vious meaning, and tiros Swift's Tale of a Tub is proved to be far from an exaggeration. The reader recalls that in that masterly satire the old gentleman, who had bequeathed j by will a coat to each of his three sons, had strictly enjoined that fehejr should wear no | shoulder-knots or lace on their coats. But the elder brother discovered that the same word translated "lace" is somewhere by some men held to mean "a broomstick." To the mild expostulation that their father could aurely never have seriously intended to prohibit them from the wearing of, a broom stick outside of their coats Peter austerely replied that such innovation and rational ising was presumptuous profanity, amounting to an intermeddling with named things— in short, that the objector was no theologian, but should" stick to his trade, and implicitly submit 'to' his superiors, fcc. The formularies are deified; they must be twisted and tortured, but on no eooount be questioned, explained, or dethroned; the Bpirit is overlaid, nay^ is quenched and sacrificed, and plain words of every-day occurrence are pronounced to mean that whioh no rules of cotomon grammar can ever | justify, and no inference oroommon justice or of common sense can ever sanction, per ceive, or admit , The dread of innovation seems very widely diffnBed among men of effl classes, ana Bven to extend to those of the highest intellect Napoleon 1.1 slighted phrenology, boosting that though Corvtsart was the great" secta teur"of Gall, he (Napoleon)• "had greatly contributed to the phrenologist's ruin, : But the argument of Napoleon' against the inno vation was not based upon eithet narrow pedantry or. nursery superstitions.. V Could j we diBcern on the outslde of the skull: (said he) " the brain forces, proclivities, or the lurking, vicious tendencies of men, it would necessarily follow that we Bhould advance more rapidly on our road to well being and doing" (en buogne), " and we should be much more knowing than we at present are. But nature is not so poor. Her secrets, far from lying upon the surface, hitherto seem to lark so deep as to defy our scrutiny, and to baffle our researches." He goes on to accuse Gall of confounding the form with the spirit, the concrete with the abstract. " Where " (Bays he) " would be the bump of drnnkenness before the plant ing of the vine or the discovery of alcohol ? Where the bump of theft, before the institu tion of property, and the conventions for itB preservation?" But it is clear that his contempt for phrenology seemed, to hie mind, a contempt one to quackery j it arose from his enlarged views of Nature, in whom he had bonndlesB faith, and not in mistrust of increasing en lightenment. I do not agree with his con clusions, but deem his reasoning that of a discerning mind. If phrenology, like other theories, proffer advantages, whose fault is it that they are not seized and diffused 1 He rejected (if I remember rightly) several other " innovations," even steam, bat was bent on intersecting France with canals, of which he bad a very high opinion. He had six projected canals in his mind at the time of his abdication. Almost everything that we prize and enjoy was once an innovation dreaded and de nounced, from public prayers in the vernacu lar tongue down to cheap baths and wash houses. In 1830 scarcely six private honses (or even clubB) were lighted with gas, and within living memory iB the obloquy and ridicule heaped on Jenner. The reason is simple. Like the aged inmate of the Bastille, just referred to, we become inured by custom 1 to evils and difficulties, till, in time, we miss nothing. Does any reader recall the old-1 world tinder-box and its spear- shaped matches? While chafing and abrading his fingers on a cold dark morning, hurriedly dressing for tbe mail-coach, did he ever anti cipate the friendly wax match of modern times, within reach of the humble? It exacts a more highly concentrated intellect to per ceive the difficulty than to understand ana to appreciate the solution. Thus the innovation is rejected, " for we got on very well without it." We areperhapB not wholly without a secret wish that the rising generation who are to Bucceed us may go through the rough diffi culties by us endured and eurmounted, and, like their seniors, purchase philosophy and success in the school of experience at fair market price. The innovator moat come as a conqueror, not as a suppliant, not with rose water, hut "with dyed (garments from Bozrah, glorious and travelling in the greatness of his strength!" In examining and testing the proposed innovation, our. first question should be, does it make for the same essential good that we are now puming. The diet of the Bengalee is not that of the Laplander, but he seeks the samq hfplth and complacency. The modem treatment of lunatics is an advance upon that of the laBt century, when Willis cbwhided George III., yet the present system Beeks the restoration of health and the renovation of brain power and tran quillity. The innovations in medicine are, indeed, wondrous. Let us welcome every fresh discovery, every novel theory, and give a fair trial to each and alL That which iB essentially good I hold to he undying, 'tis the forms only that are changing. Religion iB in man's heart; it will never die. But formularies, vestments, rites, and ceremonies, though necessary to many and useful for a time, are of the earth, earthy, " have their day and cease to be." Religion may use, but must survive them all. Like Shelley's cloud she can say— The volcanoes are dim and the stars reel and swim, When the whirlwinds nay banner unfurl. The triumphal arch through which I march, " With hurricane, fire, and snow, When the powers of air are chain'd to my chair, Is the million-coloured bow. I am the daughter of earth and water, The nursling of the sky, I pass through the pores of the ocean and shores, I change but I cannot die; For alter the rain, when with never a stain The pavilion of Heaven is bare, And tne winds and sunbeama, with their convex gleams, Build op the blue dome of air, I silently laugh, at my own cenotaph, And oat of the caverns of rain, like a child bom the womb, like a ghost from the tomb, I arise and unbuild it again. 