MELBOURNE PRESBYTERY. THE REV. CHARLES STRONG’S CASE. Wednesday. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) The sittings of the adjourned special meet ing of the Melbourne Presbytery were con tinued to-day. The business was for the pur pose of dealing with the report of the com- mittee appointed to examine the article of the RCv. Chas. Strong du the Atonement published in the October number of.the Victorian Review: fi/here WaS agaih a large attendance of mem bers of the presbytery and others. The Rev. F. R, N. IVilson occupied the ohair. The Rev- Groundwater Fraser moved the following amendment— “ That the presbytery thanks the committee for their patient investi gatidn of the matter femltted td them) that whilst the presbytery. regrets that, occasion should have been given for serious doubts and difficulties regarding, the. soundness of Mr, Strong’s utterances, yet inasmuch as the com mittee have, reported that the article consists of, those parts,-, and f in none of these parts does the writer give a systematic’ statement'; oi his own views of the Atonement,’ or‘contra dict, in oategorical propositions arid/express" tertflsthe., doctrine‘ of the .. Atonement contained.; in the/Confession , of j Faith, and ■ the ' larger’ and " shorter ■; Catechism,’: the.. presbytery deem . it inexpedient to travel further in the matter!’ ' At.;the same time this presbytery, takes this opportunity.: of, settiog forth the doctrines of the ohurch re garding the tdpice under discussion, namely—' l. 1 The Scriptures of- the Old and-New Testa ments ate gli/en ’’. by inspiration- •: of: God to.'.’,be the., rule and faith of life, 2: ;Tb’e au thority of Holy Scripture, for. which,, it / ought tc'be'believed and obeyed, : depends -notj'upon the,.!te?'timpny, of ..'ftny'nlaii Or'Church” but wholly‘upon God. author; thereof, and. the’refpre . it,.is tOjbe.re’-. ceived ..hacauae .it, iB the word’of'Gocl; Coq-: fessibn of !;F aith,, 3, In! the unity of God there be.-three persona ;of on e.' ‘ sdßSfWficb/•’ - pewef, 1 ■-And eternity—Clod 'the/tftjtfierj.'l/God ! the : ’ Bori, ; and,,Gbd the *‘/Holy f Ghost. ■: Chapter , 2, • section 3\. ' ; ‘And !!; -4.' ‘The; Lord: Jeans .by:.- His perfeot ~obedience' and .sacrifice of Himself, iwhich r.He through the: .eternal, spirit:opce offered'- up/’uuto Qod,:hath- fully satisfied the ijUStiCc of Hia Esther, and purchased not only reconoiliatioh but an everlasting inheritance m the kingdom of heaven for all those whom the Father; bath’ given |nnto him.’ Chapter 8, ■seotioh ft. -Finally, in. discharging the com ‘mittee (eh their own request) the presbytery, expressed the ’ hope- that the.- discussion ; will ' be. overruled for the‘maintenance’ of : that., purity of doctrine set .’.forth, in our: ataUdards which we have alt pledged. purselVeß, ! tbI’maintain-’and 1 ’maintain-’and defend.” He -stated tbat hei : considered .enough.had;bseii' said abp.ut- th’e : German philosopher’s teachings, ; By . vMr MiDonald’s motion, an opportunity had , been afforded! Mr Strong oE giving any ’explanation which tio thought: fit on the subject, but.h'e’. did not agree that this was tha proper course to adopt. The 'tiiiie for that had ’•passed.' ;Mr Strong had.been, in, a. measure, wrongly im peached. : ihe ptoCeediogS would be a catition to him;' ' Mr Strong felt the matter strongly; and bis health had been injured by it;,' , - The Rev. R. Scott seconded the motion,:. He said’’the; matter before then was notions of Hegelism at all,: bdt a question . whether Mr Strong: had, infringed the , stahdardB .of. the church. .He pointed out that.almost every Sermon preached in the.-Presbyterian Church could! bo takun out, and aefifouces. cbudemned in the same way as the mattcrunder.notics; Mr Strong was an hduest man, and could: answer fdr liim : aelf.V, He !was asttjiiishCd; after so many expressions of brotherly.love, to find, that they were Sticking’;fall- of- arrows.-’- ’Mr Strong, had/ been-l/put upon - his . trial- ’(No, /no.) well,wbat.was i.the. meaning. of / all the outcry Tihd the present meating. He - disagreed ,-with 'Mr Rehtoiilj Who had Charged Mr Stroog with denying the standards of the'chdrch.. He com-, •plainCd that MrStrong 1 had heed driven:into a ebrnar'and Compelled to take tip a defensive position. He hoped.the_amehdnient would be ; carried..“ - •- ■: The Rev. ,;Dancan .Fraser supported; the.- original motion. He stated that the article in; tha Review was, "quite' uncalled for,; and’ long’ ’a<»b . there had / been!. grave,. rumours. abroad ■ regarding: the - soundnessof . Mr.: Strong’s! ; fieWS’‘ ijtt ; : tile do’Ctrifies of the dHutob- HoAsserted thht. instead of‘ Mr Strong being put upon his trial he .(MrStrang)’Bad put .the; presbytery on its trial: by;wrifiog the article.: If the articlbhad heen passe'd by arid no notice taken:of.- it, people/, would.say, the churoli had ;no: real and. defioite views on the standards,: but. Was - MdBy*'tb Adopt the' brodd viCWa set put ‘in the, Article. ” The church, however,-took lithe/matter up, arid pCbrnmittsa was .appointed 'fq’V'investigate 1 it;.'-This . was branded-as a pa/cked ccnimillco, brit’the 'dissents; 'and final decision showed that 'there’ had been conten tion amongst them. //There Aras. one dissenter, i-Mr.Hay;.who/‘had;Bhowri from the’commence/ mCnt what: .course he would ; adopt in the Rev.sirH»y objected to such V state ment, and asked,the speaker not to fall iuto sins of which ho.had; accused him (Mr Hay) of being.7guil!^ v f t!/ . ! - - /.t: -;i’ Mr Fraser said he wouldendeavour toatlopfc this“’Course; *- -The • oommittee.-ffiadi carefully .executed its mission. ' Ha /thought’there had been . wonderful. Unanimity ~ oti its party;arid that the.report Bhould be-adopted!: Reiriark’s had been made about a want of charity to Mr Strong, 'hut' there were the 1 venerable souls of the!’congregation, and charity’ Bhould /be-ex tended to aU. : Free lances, were not ]to be permitted to ssy anything they-pleased in the pulpit, and it was to be regretted’that remarks .con.tfadictorj-to the teachlnga.of, the standards had fallen irom igentlemlin who .occupied; the; pulpit of the late lamented Dr Cairne.-- H : ' The Rev. Groundwater ’Fraser denied ; thb asßertiou,-and .called upon.Mr Fiaser. to.with*. draw.. , - •’ :v ■ ‘ ' The' Rev! Mr Fraser refused to, withdraw. ' There had bßen remarks, iri Mr/ Strong’s article which reflected upon -the 'Standards, and.these were subject matter for a definite and -distinct’ charge.: He considered that the coursc ; adopted by the .presbytery was a just and moderate one, and h should be' upheld. /, The eyes,’ of the churches of the world were upon the preiby:- tery, aud its decision Would show whether ithe banners of the churoh had been ’puffed do wn or not. He hoped the members would do their duty. - ’ ; . The Rev. J- Ballantyne moved a farther amendment—‘‘That the,presbytery approve the report in its general tone and tenor, thank.the committee, and discharge it. Firid — 1. That/ while the report shows that statements-of a, doubtful doctrinal oharaoter occur in the article, on the Atoriemerit. by the, Rev,/C.’ -Strong in the Fictortan Review, it does not set; forth that said article contains any- positive affirmations that are at variance with tile stan dards of the ohurch. 2. That it is a matter of regret that the article referred to should appar ently be so wanting in clearness, fulness,-and \- explicitness of statement on the cardinal’doc trine of which it treats, as held by this ohurch as to give occasion for uneasiness or alarm on tho.part of many of its ministers and people.' 8\. That in the absence of explanations for Mr Stroog on the -points in question, it may be .difficult to remove the doubts whioh have been awakened as to his soundness in tho faith, and his loyalty to the standards of the church) arid that, ' therefore,- ’ it - is deemed an act lot brotherly! regard, respectfully to suggest whßther .'.’it: be. not ~ due • to . his /char raoter and-’position as minister of, tho ohurch, as well as to his brethren and the churches at large, to offer suoh explanation as will, if possible, accomplish this desired end. Finally, the' presbytery, taking into considera tion the extent to whioh teachings of an un settling tendency prevail in various sections of > tha.Chriatian; /Church, rit; the presen ttune dSSm it opportune to express-the conviction' that it is incumbent.on; the ministers of our church to sea to it, that they give ,no Un certain sound ip. proclaiming and defending the central doctrine of our Venerated" faith r —.‘That Christ.died for our sins, according to the Scriptures—a voluntary and vicarious service—thus making atonement.’” He thought they had had ’enough of the opinions of authorities regarding the various teachings, and those of the German Theological School. They were Inairumehtal in beating out re ligious life in Germany. Regardibg the pro. position to give Mr’ Strong an opportunity of i explanation, it was said that he might, refuse ■ to do-ao) and they would then be rin. an awkward position. He objected to .Mr Stobbs’ amendment. He thought it quite beneath the dignity of the presbytery to • pass-over the. whole .thing. He regarded Mr Strong as a brothet, but thought that some explanation- Was nedOssaff. - The Ret. Mr M’Kenzie was o{ opinion that the article ought to have been replied toin the Rcl'livi, and thus -set aside all objectionable opinions expressed in the article. It had been said that Mr Strong would refiisSto explain, and then; they would be in a difficult position. : The dignity of the church should be studied, and he thought that Mr Strong had been very; mildly dealt with. Mt fi Harper thought Mr . Strong should have given the explanation. He had grate 'doubts at first as to. whether it would not have been better to have left, the whole matter alone,'but be' had since thought it better to proceed, Ho considered that Mr M’Donald had been most unfairly treated, and the insinuations made against- him..were utterly false., In the event of the ;presbytery not coming to.a decision, he would move that the matter be referred to a committee to meet at Ballarat next week.'' The Rev. Dr M'Donald.. seconded the. amendment Ho said be thought there could be .bp doubt’ but that Mr Strong believed in the,supernatural, but he didbot believe in the. doctrine of the resurrection.; He thought he’ or any other ndember should be expelled from the ohurch at once. Ho'thougbt a private deputation should wait on'Mr Strong. /-/W.- 1 The meeting then adjourned for lunch. . On’ resuming, , ::, ”,////; ’-’ ; Mr H. R. Reid Baid, although ai...humble: member of ■ the’church,-he did.not think:he. need, apologise for makiDg a few remarks on the subject. ■- He came not -on his own ac count, but at the request of the congregation of;the Presbyterian Church 1 at Elsterowick. They, were/anxious at. the painful development. of the subject, and hoped that it would not be .considered further. He joined in giving-the rfulleßt credit to the committee, who, ho believed, : acted. from .the best motives. He thought great evil-would result, to the; church if. the matter was fought out. ■ He thought the most : manly. aud;straightforward way would; be "to - communicate 1 with Mr Strong as ; r brother .to. brother, and get an:: explanation. He'con . demoed " the introduction ', of ■ the caucus, • the’ members of which had certainly come to;a conclusion do,, make; certain charges, against ; Mr' Strong.- That;■ was.. the. mistake) ..add’ then they/.had ; the-elaborate charges against Mr.Strong,l.No; - ;sueh’: r Chargea were,* however, made. : He;thoughtJjthere 'was plenty of work .for. thom cbOLlt Melbourne instead . of,/discussing , thia ; - question.; . "He thought, as Mr'Strong had n'ot/departed.fromi any/ of the; truths, the'matter should not be pursued any further. .. The Rev. Mr Hay,: as one of ..’the. .dissenters from the - report, wished to say a few words with-regard to the insinuation that the'repprt had: been delayed. He’ thought/no. oria-was. more anxious tfian tha Convener to further; its! work, and if any obstruction or .delay toqk; place he wished it to be .knownthat it was. caused by himself. He went on to explain, the; dissents from the report of the committee. He condemned the aotion of the persons who’de manded an-dxplanation without making, some charge. If there Was anything in the com plaint of ambiguity and want ,ofi clearness,’the presbytery-would be eDgaged a mouth after in investigating such matters. Mr M'Eachran, for; instance,could be charged thualy, and thechurch be kept in a. constant state 1 of turmoil; ' The finding of the committee was based upon in sufficient! grounds, and was-therefore not of much valde. Mr Strong did not give'the Historical descriptions ’ in; the article as repre seating those of the church; / Some Berißatiqh was caused by the speaker comparing Mr. Tula to U'- cirCus - clown and Mr Rentoul to a street acrobat..;-,- -After-some further, discussion the-meeting adjourned untihto- morrow morning, r. ’■ • . 