THKTUKERAL OF THE CZAR. St. pETEnsiiuna, 10th March. To-flay, in accordanco with tbo proclamation of tho mounted heralds, who had yesterday cvoning predicted the event all over St. Petersburg, tho mortal remains of tho Emporor Aloxandor II. wero transferred from tho chambor of death in tho Winter Palaco to tho Cathedral of St. Peter and Paul with tho usual elaborata pomp arid solemnity observablo on mich sad occasions. To descrlbo in anything like detail tho composition of tho vast nnd imposing procession which for sovoral hours to-day wound its bIow and molancholy way from tho Winter Palaco to tho fortress would requirb at least fivoor six columns of your spaco, so I shall content myself byprosentingyott with the main features oE tho intorminablo cor IJlie. Thrco cannon fired from tho fortress hav ing directed tho various mourners to get ready and tako their places, a similar salvo about mid day gave tho signal to start, whon tho enblo standard, bearing in whilo the initials of1 the murdered monarch, .was unfurled over tho for tross, tho artillery began to firo off minute guns, and all tho bells of the city began to toll. The wholo routo was lined by troops of tho garri son, immediately behind whom tho public woro permitted to stand, but no gallory or platform for their convenience had been oroctcd, and houso holders were bnlyallowed. at their personal. risk and peril to let their windows and balconies to strangers. The polico had taken exceptional measures to preserve order, in tho maintenance of which tho public, by handbills, wore invited to cooperate. In hundreds of thousands'did tho populaco of all classes ilock to tho Nova quays, and every ono' had an napoct of mourn :ing. All tho houses and public buildings, too, showed tho samo nmoimt of sablo flag3 and drapery ns when- tho Empress, not a year ago, was similarly convoyed from tlio Palaco to the fortress. At twolvo o'clock tho cortege bogan to move, nnd it was noai1 two boforo tho fortress was reached, the cannon firing and tho bells toll ing all tho time, and till tho body of tho de ceased Emporor wns deposited on tho catnfalciuo prepared for it in tho cathedral. Tho .procession consisted in all of thirteen sections, compris ing 172 groups or members. First, at tho head of it rodo a mastor of the ceremonios, .followed by tho private escort of tho Emperor ; the mountod drummers nnd trumpeter of tho Ilorso Guards, a mounted -officer in uniform and deep mourning, a marshal of snporior rank, with his baton, a squadron of his Majesty's Ilussars of. tho Guard, four companies of tho Guard Regiment of Pavlovsk, of tho Gronadiers, tho Engineers, nnd tho Chasseurs of Iho Guard : then another superior officer of tho Imperial stable, followed by 40 liveried footmen, marching four abreast, eight lackeys and as many kitchen-men, likowiso in fours, and a corps of 20 rages, with thoir. com mander. At tho head of tho second section of tho eorltge rodo another master of tho ceremonios loading up a baton-bearing marshal nnd tho Imporial standard with the family arms, and his Majesty's ehargor, flunked by two suhaltom oflicoi'3, and followod by two grooms. Then followod fivo standards, bearing respectively tho arras o'f Teherknak, Armenia, Kabarila, Georgia and Karatalino, carried by mountod .functionaries' of tho eighth class, and each of thoir horses' led by two subaltern ofiicors; Then enmo the third section of tho long procession, including four teon other standards, also borno . by mounted functionaries of tha eighth class, and followod by moro chargers and grooms. After this, in Bimllar order and array, camo'tu'b fifth section, comprising tho twenty-six standards of . tho othor districts and provinces of ltussia. Follow ing theso several banners camo other omblcms of Imporial power in tho shapo of tho marine flag, carried by a naval captain in deep mourning, ac companied by two frigato captains, and then tho great black und whito silk standards with tho Imporial arras, tho fornior followed by; a homo richly draped with sables, tho drapory similarly blazoned, and tho latter, by a figure , which at tracted much attention — ft knight in golden armor, mounted upon a gorgeously harnessed 'steed, carrying a drawn sword, nnd oupposod to sym. boliso Iho bright and spotless character of tho departed Sovereign. After him walked a man at arms in sablb armor, with a drawn ssrord, and then tho mourning standard of black eilk, followed by a horso in drapery of tho same huo, two'grooms, with threo omccra' of tho Imperial stable. Tho sixthsectiou was headed by another mounted maeter.of the coromjuios, followed by a marshal of tho' rank' of major-general and Iho official of tho sixth 'class, bearing tbo 'blazoned shields of Schloswlg-Holstoiu, Tauridii, Siberia, L'inlund, Poland, ? ..Astrakau, Kosau, Nov gorod, ..Vladimir, Kieff,, and Moscow, with tlio grand escutcheon o£ tlio ' Erapiro pre ceded by /our. major-generals and carried, by two Buch/ officers, assisted by two other superior ones — all in full-dress uniform : and deep mourning. Then, similarly led as tho other sections, walked representatives of tho three corporations of 'peasants, middle-class citizens! and merchants, with thoso of rural administra tion, and. tho inaj'or of St. Petersburg, followod by tho civic secretary, nnd tho Masters' of tho various trado. guilds, , carrying thb: symbols of their profession, .Thou iho 'representatives of various zcmlvos or. provincial nssomblios, of tho nobility' of. tho capital nnd 'tho'conntry, ottho various courts of justido, with thoso of tho! various governments, &c; Thc3o wcrofolloweS,' liqhdod T-y a mastor of ceremonies: as usual, by tlio' Red Cross, tho Econo*mical and tho Philan thropic Societies, by the pffioo-boarere and pripils of tho establishments, under tho Conseil do l'u telle ImpeYialo threo abreast Oloso'npon theso, ia eimilar inarching order, camo marshals, ropro Bonting tho Ministries of Post3 and Telegraphs, Justice, Koaria and Public Communication, and for tho control of tho Empire, with uumorous olli cials from these departments, and also from tho various other ministries and high civil, legisla tive and administrative) bodies and Stnlo organ isms nnd autocratic oflicialimns. Tho Bablc monotony was next relieved by a squadron of his Majesty's Cuirassiers of the liuard, two heralds, and four colonels carrying the four swords of -tho Empire reversed. Then followed a crowd of functionaries of the fourth cluss carrying on golden cushions the foroign decorations, orders und medals of the doco/ised Sovereign, 57 in number, and including all the proudest and most distinguished honors of the kind in Christendom and even Miraulmnndom — tho Garter, tho Mack Eagle, tho Golden Fleece, tholloly Ghost, the Elophnnt, and the Mod jidiu : and after thoso came functionaries of tho third class bearing his Majesty's seventeen other Russian orders and medals, comprising a golden ono in memory of tho emancipation of the serfs and throo others for tho war of the years :1S52, 1855 and 1S5G, the conquest of the Western Caucasus between 1S5U and 18G1, and the Turkish campaign' of 1377-78. After thest!, in tho caro of functionaries of the second class camo tho crowns of the kingdoms of Georgia ?Tauris, Siberia, Poland, Astrakhan and Kazan,, with tho Imperial globe, sceptre and crown, fol lowed by two masters and the Grand Mastor of tho Ceremonies— all these order and iniiignin boaring officials being ilaulccd on each side by a _ battalion of cadet3 from St. Paul's Military School, marching in singlo file. The 13ih section brought up a taper-carrying mul titude of ecclesiastical persons, including tho singers of Saint Alexander A'owsky aud the cathe dral of Notro Damo do ICazan, the clergy, tho metropolitans of .Novgorod and St. Petersburg, tho nrchdeacous nnd priests of the court, and the father confessor of tho doccasod Kmpcror, and now at last appoircd tho goraeously gilt funeral car, drawn by eight horses, led by as many f nnc tiouarica of tho eighth class. On each corner sat four nidcs-do-camp of his late Majesty, Iho cords nnd tnsscla depending from the pall boing hold by eight generals and as many major- generals, all in deep mourning, whilo at tho sides of tho car walked sixty liveried pages, with burning torches. Immediately aftor tho imposing State bourse thus escorted walked tho Emperor Alo-ander III. in f nil-dross gonoral s uniform of the Prcobajenski Regiment of tho Guard, looking sad and serious yet confident nnd composed : Ills Majc3ty being followed by tho Ministers of hi3 household, the Minister of War, and two or throo generals of his suite, with all tho inombors of the House present in St Peters burg, and including tho Grand Duke3 Vladimir, Alexis, Surgius, Paul, Constantino Sorgius, Miohaolovitsh, Diniitri, tho three Nicholases, Peter, tho two Michaels, Gcorgo and Alex nndor— all on foot like Ilis Majesty, with tho following prince3 :— Romanoflaicy, Louch tonborg, Nicholas and George Maiimi lianoyitch, Peter, Alexander, and Con stantino of Oldenburg, and the Dukes George nnd Michael of Moeklcnburg-Slrjlitz. Following thorn walked tho Renorals nnd aides-de-camp of tho Emperor, with the aides-do-camp and suites of their Imperial Ilighnosses and the foreign .Princes just mentioned, nnd then, preceded by a company of tho grenadiers of tho palace, ap proached a stately mourning conch with tho Em press and hor children, accompanied by tho Princess Mario Pnnloviia, wifo of tho Grand Duko Wladimir, the windows nf tho carriage boing flanked by two esquires at arms, and tho rear being guarded by a couple of Cossacks. Almost similarly escorted drovo in ono mourning carriage tho Urnnd. Duchesses Alexanders .Tosophevna, daughter of tho latu Duko of Saxc-Altcnbiirg and wife of tho Grand Diiko Constantino, Olga Feodorovna, a prjncoss of Baden nnd wife of tho Grand Duko Michael, with iho Dnahcs.i of Edinburgh, nnd in another carriago tho Princess Mario Maxi rdilianovna, tho Princess Ifomanovsky, Duchcs3 do Louchtcnbcrg, .Thiireso Petrovna,' tho I'rin coss Eugenie Mnxiniilinnovnn of Oldcnborg, and tho Duchess BiHina Georgiovnn of Mccklenberg-Strolitz. Following thoso camo tho Ladies of Uonour attending on theso Princesses, then tho great Court officials, with chamberlains awl gcntlemon-in-waiting. Hia late Slajosfy's physicians and body servants, etc., fivo companies from aB many regiments of , tho Guards, ono battery of Artillory, two squad rons of Cavalry, another battery of Ilorso Artil lery, and.finully a squadron from tho School of Cavalry Cadets. . As tho funeral car passo'l, all tho troops along tho lino of route presented nuns, while Uio bnnds of tho various military contingents in tho cortege played 6olomn music. On tho hearse arriving at the en tranco to tho cathedral, in which placos had boon previously assigned,' among others, to tho -Ambassadori), ministers, nnd other mombors of tho Diplomatic Corps, with their ladies, tlio pall was taken up by eight generals, whilo tho Em poror, assisted by tho Grand Dukes and Princes, lifted tho coffin and boro it into tho Bacrod pile, preceded 'by tbo' .'Metropolitan and clergy, and placed it on tho oatafalquo' prepared for it. On each Bido of the coffin-bearers marched six Grenadiers, of tho Palaco1* without their arms, and 6ix 'undor-officers of the Guard .Regi ments whereof tho deceased Czar was chief, with their ' helmets ofE Tho Bteps of tho catafalciuo being thus roachod, tlio coffin-lid was taken off by eight aides- de-camp of tho Em peror and laid npon n table covered with a silver oloth fringes with gold; On tho upper eslradcat tho catafalque, on each side of tho coffin, isix captains of tho Guard tako their Gland ; on tho stops twolvo pagp3; at tho foot as many pupils from tho. military schools ; ' besido tho columns snpporting tho canopy, four nhdor-oflicora of tho Gronadiers of tho Pnlaco with grounded arms— all aB a guard ot honor ; whilo the ontrnnco to the cathodral, outside and inside, is gutrdod by four senlinols. Tho coffin having been placed upon tho catafalque, tho Metropolitan, assisted by tho snporior clergy, commenced tho solemn and iropressivo service for the dead, in which all most fervently joined. '... . : ? '.' ./ Sr. PETKRSBima, 21st March. . . EnormonB crowds aro visiting tlio lying in Stato of tho late Emperor's remains In tho Fortress Church. Tho catafalitiib boarinstho coffin stands in tho contro of a. raised platform in tho fdrm of a cross with seven Btops on all sides. ;Th'o platform is covored with crimson cloth,.and tho floor of tho ?.church with .black cloth. , A baldachin is sup ported abovo tho platform ''by fdnr columns, to which aroattnehed thofot'r ends of tho cloth Of gold, linod.trith orminoi'thnt' hangs suspondod over tho bier. .Thohugo crowh-shapod top of the baldachin is surmounted with whito osirioh feathers.. On tho gbW cloth of tho canopy tho Imperial arms draped in black crape aro soon at intervals. Across tho foot of tho coffin is tho gold mantle, edged with ermine. Four general aiaea de-camp stand at each cornor closo to tho coffin, and sovcral other offidera and members of tho military schools stand motionless around. One Grenadier of tho palaco is pbstod' at tho foot of tho catafaltiuo,' which is towards tho altar. At the head tho priests, with lighted tapora, con tinually road tho Scriptures. , -. Clustered in eemi cirelcs round tho hoa4 and foot of Uio coffin aro tho Imperial regalia and orders and docoratiohs tn gold cushions, rosting on small Btools, also covered with gold cloth. ? Th6 lid of tho doffin, covored with beautiful flowers' and bcarinftho sword and helmet, resta on a raisoc strnctnrft on ono sido of. tho church. It has ? the Bimplo inscriptioii on n gold plato of Iho birth, accession and death of tho most iUantrioos Alexander IL On tho two sides c tho church aro the beautiful whito marble tombsof tho decexsed sovereigns, tho inoro recent ones docked with fresh flowors. The tomb of the lato Empress cs))ocially is covered with fragrant bou quolT and strewed violets, tho latter having beon brought from tho tomb of her first (ion at Nice. The walla of iiic church are draped in black and silver. Continual streams of pcoplo press in within staled hours to take a lust look at tho re mains of their lato monarch. Mounting tho plat form on ono side between officers they o^ch re vorontly bond over and kiss tho hands folded on tho breast, nnd make the sign o£ tho cross. Many cannot restrain their emotion, and leave the church in tears. ''?','?'. 