THE JONES TRANSFORMATION' We can hardly expect a very largepropor tion of our readers to implicitly believe the strange narrative which follows.:-Sciniiific men--more especially physicians and chem ists-who have paid any attention to the sub ject of which we are about to give so curious an illustration, will, of course, set a proper value upon the facts furnished; but we shall not complain if the general public should re gard them as too strange to be true. All we have to say to the latter class is that we have carefully and personally investigated the principal facts, and have received the minor details from sources which are indisputably reliable. Near the terminus of the California-street railroad, and lying immediately at the foot of the beautiful slope which forms Laurel Hill Cemetery, is a certain private residence which is an excellent type of a snug and com fortable San Francisco home. The house, which is moderate in size, is surrounded by ample grounds and embosomed among trees of most luxuriant growth. A singolar pro fusion of foliage is, indeed, the principal feature of the adjacent region. The soil is of almost phenomenal fertility. Nor is this the result of careful cultivation, for the resi. dents of the neighborhood declare thatfruits, flowers, vegetables and trees spring from the rich soil as if by magic. The most curious thing about it is, however, that while vege: table life is now so exuberant in this favored spot, it is only a few years since it was as barren as the sandy desert in which it stands as a delightful oasis. Though the vicinity has always been plentifully supplied with water, which filters down from the hill above and is used from artesian wells by every house in the neighborhood, the one we speak of included, yet the soil still remained un: grateful and unproductive sand until the cemetery was laid out, while in proportion as the beautiful City of the Dead on the hill.side has extended its limits and increased its pop* ulation, so has the little paradise in the hollow below augmented in natural luxuri. ance. These facts may appear unimportant and irrelevant, but the reader will find that they are not so In the house at the foot of the hill-the pretty home peeping out through its trees at the great, picturesque treasure-honse of Death on the opposite slope-lived until recently a family named, let us say. Jones. Mr. Jones is a successful business-man here-a good fell low, naturally of an extreme practical turn of mind. He was married several years ago; and shortly afterwards moved into his present residence. His wife, a charming, lady well known in San Francisco society, at first obh jected to living in such close proximity to thd ghostly and silent metropolis on the lull ; but between her husbandi's mockery of her fears and her own admiration of the place, she sooi succumbed. It is true that her mind w - never quite easy on the subject of the cemei tery. On moonlight nights, when her hius band was at the club or the lodge, she woull sit at one of the front windows, and, filled with foolish fancies, would watch the shadowi among thewaving pines and cypresses ; or od dark, stormy nights site would think slit heard the voices of the damned wailins through the gravestones and the trees; buq except on these occasaions, she gave litle thought to the matter. There was plenty of society at the Jones house, and, among all the friends who callel, there was none nearer or dearer than a genm tleman whom we will call Mr. Smith. IHe was a little, blue-eyed, red-haired man, who! c had been Jones's chum and fdus Achuttes in' n the days of the latter's bachelorhood He had, even been Jones's rival for the handl of the r present Mrs. J. But this had not altered: their friendship, and at least twice a week' o Smith dined with his old crony. lie was h even more severe on Mrs. Jones for the dread of the ghosts than her husband was, and among other chafT which lie volunteered when the subject came up was, a wish that, if lie died before her, lie might be buried on a little d rise just within the wall of the cemetery and c just opposite the house. "If there are such . things as ghosts," said lie, laughingly, "I will take care that mine keeps the rest away it from you." d Now, it happened that Smith did die, and was buried on the very spot he had indicated, whether out of deference to his wishes or ea cause Mrs. Jones set some value on his 1 promise of protection, we are unable to say. A few months after this a son and heir was e born to the House of Jones, to the infinite delight of its parents. The babe waxed strong in the sight of God and man, and grow ex. ceedingly fair to behold. He grew altogether *e too fair, in fact. His parents were both dark complexioned, yet this son of theirs was n radiant as Apollo with his blue eyes,fair skin, s and hair that anybody but his mother would a have called a fiery red. But this wasn't the worst of it. In addition to these peculiarities n -in expression, disposition, everything-the infant Jones was the fac simile and precise n counterpart of the defunct Smith. Let us draw a veil over the trouble which I followed. What husband would not be dis o turbed under such circumstances. Surprise gave way to suspicion, and suspicion to fierce d accusations, which were tearfully denied by the unhappy little mother. Y It is not difficult to imagine what this state s of affairs would have led to but for another I extraordinary occurrence which now happen. ed. Jones and his wife began to bleach out, d as it were. Day by day, their hair grew d lighter, their complexion fairer, their eyes bluer, until they, too, in appearance and ex pression, might have been taken for the s brother and sister of the deceased Smith. This phenomenon was so utterly inexplicable, U and so horribly suggestive of the supernatural that every effort was made to keep the matter t secret. The wretched pair confined them e selves closely to their home, and quietly made arrangements for departing to parts un s known. r Now, it so happened that a certain learned e scientific man, well known in this city for his knowledge and scholarship, was a close friend of the Jones family,and had carefully watched the strange transformation of his friends from the outset. Without saying anything about it, he quietly but resolutely set about solving the mystery, and in this task was greatly r aided by a long-considered theory of his own, as will be made more apparent directly. One evening Dr. bIrown, as we will call the a auswnt, called on thie Joneses in a state of an. usually high spirits, not unmixeda, however, with an air of mstery. After a few words of convcrsation, he rose and beckoned the blonde, but sad, parents to follow him into \- the seclusion of the library. Having carefully Sclosed the door, he produced from his polket Ia small phial, and said, in a low expresi've i voice: S"Enurekal" His astonished host listened respectfully o his quotation from the coat-of.arms of Cah. fornia, and waited for him to proced, w'hich he did in the following words: " I have discovered," he said, "tlhe caue of your strange transformation. I have long suspected it, and am now able to prove that my theory was right. In this phial, which, you observe, is labelled Essence of Smnith, Sthere is sufficient material for making twenqty people, I don't care if they are negroes,' exactly like your late friend Smith. where did Iget it! Whatis it? Iwilltelyou. I got it out of your artesian well, and' it is the water of that well reduced by chemical Sprocess from several hundmlred gallons down to Sthe contents of this tiny bottle. You know that I havealways maintained the belief that the s iglar fertility of this hollow wasdue Ii':· ' .: 1r; to'the decomposed matter filtered down from the gravcyaid on the hill opposite. I argued to myself that if this nutriment could give such life and vigor to fruit and vegetables it must also have an effect on the animal life which feeds on those prodgcts of the.soil or whichdlrifiks thd water that has brought the fertilising matter down here. The process to which Ihave subjected this water I will not now. explaia..Suffice it to say, that my ej periments upon both it and the vegetables i" your garden, confirm my theory beyond all doubt. I have even gone so far as to try thb effects of the water in a prepared state upon a dog of mine. In three weeks his har turned from black to red, and he is growing more like Smith in the face every lay. The fact is that your well is fed from a sprink which rises just above Smith's grave, and fil ters directly through it. The entire hill sidb is full of such springs, and if the other resi dents of the neighborhood are not troubled as you have been it is only because they nevdr saw the people whose likeness they are gra-. nally taking on, or because their well-water has filtered ihrough so many graves that all identity is lost. Such was the Doctor's explanation of the singular Jones' transformation, and we b,. lieve it is the correct one. In a recent cor. versation he promised us further particulars, as well as a detailed scientific elucidation of the matter, lie is actively pursuing his ini quiries, and declares that, by the aid of portraits in his possession, he will soon be able to establish the likeness between several people living near the cemetery and others long dead, who are buried in it. Whether he can do so or not, we cannot tell; but in any case his theory is not a pleasant one for the residents about Laurel Hill and Long Mountain to contemplate.-San Franciscr News Letter. 