FREEMASONRY ' EXPOSED. i The following graphio (3) loiter coutributod by '.'AViofim" to the order, which appeared in the Freemasons'- Monthly Magazine, will doubt less be read with intorost : — , I have joined tho Masonio fraternity, Mr Editor. I am a froo and accepted son, or brother, or whatever it is, of that anciont and mysterious organisation. I have belonged to many secret societies in my time — I have been an Orangeman, and a Son of Tomperance, and a Fenian, and, if I remember aright, I once belonged to a gang of coiners — but this Masonic arrangement, this institution of tho compass and square, distances them all. I had ofton wondered what sort of a thing a Mason was, in what in spects he differed from an ordinary being. Again and again have I pumped persona who I thought knew what was what with a view of finding out something regarding these queer men, but it was no go. Mum was tho word, and those who could toll wouldn't, and those who would couldn't ; for further information I was told to go and find out. I had a vague idea of my own that a Masou was a sort of supernatural being, a regular ring-tailed roarer, with horns and hoofs to match, who could come down the chimney or get through the keyhole, and disappear like a flash of lightning — a chap that would knock blazes out of a fellow with the wink of his eye, and of whom the devil himself wa9 afraid. \- There is one singular thiug conuected with Masonry of which you are perhaps not aware, , and that is a Mason never dies. Occasionally it is given out that a brother has departed this life and the fraternity is respectfully summond to do honour to his remains, but it is all a sbam, a big swindle, gotten up to throw dust in the eyes of the uninitiated. The coffin is stuffed full of bricks, and deposited with due solemnity in the cemetery, while the brothers aud friends are blubbering their eyes out over the grave of the dear departed, and the departed quietly en joying himself in the back room of Boms hotel, tsrnnariktnre tn lwnvinn fnr nnrla nnlrnntvn It is a fact, Mr Editor, Masons never die. They may change their appearance and move off to other spheres, but as for dying, they don't do it. It ;ia supposed by some that after they have transacted wickedness enough on this earth they are transformed into comets and meteors and go wandering through space, kickiug up shines and raising the devil generally. And a great many people suppose that the last meteoric display was nothing more or less thau a free fight between some rival lodges that have crossed each others' path ; the different coloured lights bjetokeiiiiig the different degrees they had ac quired in the flesh. Fre.emasonry is of ancient date, as proved by the fact that (luring the wet season Noah used to bold, meetings in : the corner of the ark. He was obliged to give it up, however, owing to the curiosity of .Mrs Noah, who, notwithstanding the fact that her huBband : placed a big pair of lions and a big crocudile at the door asloutside guard, ca_me_ pretty near .finding; out the secret and,starting.a female lodge on her own hook. . Iimust'tell your the petils and trials I had to undergo , to. become a Mason. On the evening in question, I presented myself at the door of the -Lodge-room, No. 66,666, signs of the skull wasw vak/«» wwuvat, J. IT »C liUUUUUlOU'tU LUtt ttUlti room, .where five , of six melancholy chaps, in. 8UBhes< and 'embroidered napkins, were 'waiting to receive me, . Qri my entrance,- theyall got . tip and turned back somersaults, ..and .then quietly resumed their seats. A big fat . fellow, ' who sat in the middle, and who seemed to be the proprietor, then Baid,''M.Sihiier;.froimV.tKe.'qutwar'd' world advance."'; I advanced.- ''.Will .you give up everything to joih iia l " " Not if l kndw it," said.L;, f '.There's my wife and fourteen fioa-i": (Another party;hsre. told me it was a more mat ter. iaf. form).. The fellows in the towels then' groaned, and said, " -'Tis well," " Do you swear never to reveal anything you may see or hear this evening, .not to your wife 1," I- said, " Pon my word I will' not. " They then.: examined my teeth..an>d.1felt.iny;muaoleB, an'cLmade me put but my tongue,: iBnd then groaned again. . I said, . .. \ycll.. -T__tlac" g.»- - little bottle here that- — " That fat man here took hold of the bottle from me, and told me to shut up. He then,'; in?. a .voice of .thunder, said, "Bring forth the goat:" Another fellow then came, forth and blindfolded . me. " No you don't, -Mr. iMaio'if," I : said ; " no trickB .on travellers, if you please. ' "I don't believe play- ingin , blindman's i buffi with a' goat. ' I'll ride lueoevu a you uae, put oon t go it bund. .Stand back, or I'll knock you into smithereens." They were too much for me, however, and I had to submit to be blindfolded. The goat was then le.d': in,'! and I could bear him making an awful racket among the: furniture... I began to feel : that I . was, ' urgently wanted at home, but I was. infoc it, and could not help myself. .'Three or four fellows thsn seizedme, and with a demonia-; cal laugh. pitched me on the animal's back, tel ling me. at the same time to look out for squalls. I have been in a good many Bcraps, Mr Editor ; I've been in ah election fight - I've been pitched out of a four-storey window' ; I have gone down infa' railroad "collision, arid up in a sfeamboat ex-' plosion, but Itbia great excursion was ahead of them all. The confounded thing must be all wings and horns. : It turned front somersaults, aud reeled over till I thought it was all over with me. I was just on the point ofgiving u'p when the bandage - fell from my eyes, arid the nnnkhnunMl fhrnnffh HIQ , — ««« "tuuwn nieu a /Olt like a Comanoho Indian giving up the ghost. I was in a Lodge of Masons. They were 'dancing a 'war dance around a Bkull, and playing leapfrog and turning hanoBpringB, and the big fat fellow of the ante room was standing on his head in the corner finishing the contents - of my little bottle.'-' Order' was soon restored, and I was led up to a desk and. told to Bland at.'my esse. The chief engineer of the establishment then put his thumb to his nuBe and. stretching his fingers in the Bhape of a fan towards me, commanded silence. The reatof the brethren did'likewise; and were silent. Tho governor then addressed me " Brother Kuobb, you are now one of us. You are now a member of an institution that, has -lasted over ten millions of. years From", tbia time hence your constitution is sound. 'You are impervious to light or heat, or any other atmospheric influence. You are water-proof, fire- proof, and over-proof. With impunity you may walk through the lake, or sit on a red-hot stove ; with impunity drink aqua-' fortis, rye whisky,'' Wahoo : bitters, or any other- poisonous substance. You are free from rheu matism, dyspepsia, whooping-cough, and the measles; i ;Tho : sheriff dare nut seize you for debt',! nor the policeman for misdemeanour. You are of us, and you are safe. Here is the pass word ; with that and a big club you can get into any lodge in Christeudom." I then stood . the whisky and water all the way round, and I was a free and accepted Mason. 