/..jrra&evE;:i .. -nv: ;.'.--i/.o.j ??'?? ??.^??????'?Hrr- i.i ir.:n .1 -J '.-By- E. Iykh. 'Iftnnir, .'?? -i ' UO Author of ' Patricia .XtmVall,'' The Atonement of Learn Durifiai, ' ' Pnrf^ which' Lord,' §e. TTho solo copyright for°'Quoen8luid ot :* My'loVo'1' h»a boon secured for Tho Week.] ,1'.. CHAPTER 'XIX.— (Continued,) - ' A Taking advantage of. thie alight, eharigi)'. of front from hia work to hnrself , AuguBtn.- turned rather abruptly to Stolla. Liko overyono ? elae she saw how changed tho poor girl was. ? No lougar tha serenely bright, untroubled Star of olden days, she wua now careworn and anxious, with tho watchful eyoa of a person oithor too heavily taxed or ever in tear ; nna her faoe- had-n fovored look thut made- her beauty melancholy to contemplate becauBO so dangerously .brightened by inward.' excitement 'Aro you woll, . dour Stella f askod tho widow abruptly, laying her hiind on hora and feeling tho fever through hor.gloveB. : ? '1? Oh, yes, quite !' said Stella with that hysterical little laugh which so pitifully-balies, its'sif. «.;?.,' ? ?'.' .-. ; ?-?'. -???.. ' ?ju.ii- -??- ?- ' You do not look so ; and how hot your hand is ! ' said August*. ' What have you Jb'e6n' doing all the day P' ' I havo beon with papa in tho studio/, GpZ awerad the girl. . -?-' -' '?-- ' -i -??'- **-^ '' *? * 1 Not out, this lovoly day P' _ .... ,',''.' St&k;' glanced; al her. father. ?;, ^..V.i.i -;?- \ ?No.' not vet.' stie answered. ? ' What have yen been doing, dearie, that has iept you so busy f ' asked Augusta, still inqui. sitoriul. 1 I havtrbeen copying muBio, Baid Stella. She did not add as she might : ' And I have been eallod oft this, the oatensiblo_ work of the day, at least onco in every tin minutes,.to'- ox amine the new touches on thiB square inoh of painting; to hear the aonoronB consonance of ?these two jingling rhymes; to give my criticism whichmoana praiaehere; 'to add' my opinion ?which means concurrence there. ? I have not been loft even to my dull mechan ical oooupation in peaco ; but I have been mentally tormented, as much aB absorbed ? absorbed as much as food, bo much eleotrioity is absorbed— by something that can do no good, however much it may be bolstered up, and. that simply beggars and exhausts that of which it is supplied.' Yet indeed this waB the real reason why ? work' for Mr. Branacoinbe was bo profoundly destructive to his associate.. It waB this per p^tual drain, this inaossant going out, coupled with nnrest, which had killed that good Matilda, and which was now wasting and fever ing Stella. ?'; L ... ' But copying maaic from morning to night ?will kill you, child!' said the -widow with friendly haste. ' You onght to change your occupation more than that. Have you read your week' s books yet?' . This meant the books of the Reading bo. oiety to whioh all Highwood belonged. ?Ho,' said'Stella. 1 You naughty gin i ana mey wore ™ in teresting. I hope that you have copied that pretty crewel pattern in the Lady's Newspaper ? We are all doing* it.' said the widow. ' -No, I have not had time,' ? answered Stella. 'Stella; you idle. child! What have you been doing ?' , -. ? ' ? , ' , , : 1 Working for papa,' said Stella. The widow gave a little impatient movement with her pretty shoulders. 'Well, but- working for papa cannot mean everything and all day long,' she said, laughing —to hida^her vexation. ' I see what it is, I shall have to come and look after you ! I can jiot have you become idle. And one thing certainly that you onght to do ia to go and take a nice long walk. It is a sin to stay in the house such a day as this. Oorae with Tony and me. The little scamp jumped into a puddle aud mode himself too disreputable for your drawing room', so I left him at th« lodge. But come with us, Uka a dear. It will do you good.' « I do not know that papa can spare mo, said Stella in a hesitating way, the colour com ing into her face. ' Mr. BranaoombBwis still sitting in hisbardio af.ritiidn. rhuaine a Deotio image in the corner of the ceiling, and as if absorbed in thought. Ho Btarted at this last mention of his tiame, and. brought his eyes down from Srhe ceiling to hia daughter. ' Yes, my dear ? You spoke ? Pardon me, I did not hear what you saw !' ho exolaimed as if newly awakened and a little dszed, but always courteous and fond. ' I want Stella to go out for a walk— to come ?with me and Tony,' AugnBta anBwered instead of tho girl. ? She is looking so pale and as if sho wanted a littlo change and frenh air. You can spare her, oannot you, Mr. Brnnscombe ? She is afraid thai yon cannot, poor dear !' ( ' I can spare her, of course ! My desire oould notpoBBibly stand in the way of.hors,'; saidYMr. Branscombe, with fine paternal chivalrousnesa Of feeling. ' It is not a qneBtion of myself,' but of her own feelings. In her ' deep 'mourning would she care to be aeen outside the saored'| preoinctB of home?' ' If you thinkit unbecoming, papa, of oourae not.' said Stella. ' Your own heart must decide that qnestion, my love,' he answered. '.'Observance is value less when not spontaneously offered. Enforced tributa is dross.' : . ' But, Mr. Bransopmbaj a littlo walk can do no harm!' said Augusta, rather too warmly for prudence. ' If you do not like Stolla to be seen on the roada we [will go by the fields whero we shall not meet a oreature. She really ought to go out ! Kven a drivfi in a cloae'oarriage would bo better than nothing, but a good brisk wulk ?would be the bast of all.' \- If you have tho heart to go with Mrs. La trobe and take a good briak, happy walk, go by all means, my love,' said her father, answering AagHSta through Stolla. . ' Your dear mother's sainted spirit looking' down on you will forgive tho perhaps natural exuberanoe of youth— its perhaps natural demand for recreation, even at rtin most solemn seasons.' ' Bnt, Mr. Branabombe,' again remonstrated Augusta; 'a little.: walk in the fields— that is not like any pleasure taken in the world and society.' 'I say sol Stella o»n go if ahe will. I give her the free exercise of hor own judgment,' re peated Mr. Bramoombe. ' Aa I say, I want no tribute rendered to my lost dear one that doos ?not come from the' pure well of love undeflled. Go, my Stella— forget your grief, your mourn ing, your mother and me, in a brisk and hnppy walk with Mrs Latrobo. I do not wish to doprive you of your plenBuro, my love.' ' No, dear papa, I will not go,' said Stolla. ' Porhaps.aa you sny.it would bo unbecoming.' ? And the consequence of all this exaggera tion will be that you will got ill. Stella darling, and then you will huvo rnado bad worse,' fluid AuRiiata haatily. * All tbia kind of thing is roally not reasonable !' « The oritio of puro reason,' said Mr. Brans combe, with a politn sneer. ' Neither pof try of idea nor pcthos of fooling— only tho crystalline oloarness of cold, icy reason !' ... 1 Just so,' said Mrs. Lutrabo with an exas perating amilo: ?; 'Yon could not havo paid me a higher complimont, Mr. Branncombe. So lot roison be your giujido, doarost Stolla, and como ?out with mefpr aibroath of fresh air.' 'No,' Baid Stella, whosBWiBh had now diod down ; ' I seo't^ajt pupa ia right. I will not go to-day, thanlc;iyou ; aome day, but not' just 'My goodnplitld! guided with the finest silken threud ! all heilrbinuTconscienco !' oried Mr.BranBCombja'oniMy.,,,,, b ? ,, ? And Stella, fltil under tho spell of hor early training and We ! jlmnour of her filM suporati tion, was aatisfloi and soothedf-nW/tbr^jiloasod ' to have won Heif atlior's approbation than to have had thatlfkit le brenk in tho melancholy monotor.y of Mr i ife. And yob—how beauti ful it was out hffloora!— iind hQW^eVoio^a V, swift wall; itr'ffi s fluids with thut pleasaut tempored Augp i Latrofto^ould'hav*) faon., _, - CHA$ TE&~XX.~Tuih Ioe. ? Suddenly tne-fbunt randry., Tho sepd-limo ?was over, and tlrot codbtf: JiarfeBt tad _Botjin,£ That harvest was the'TOSiffo''ofT.Eopublic7Btioh- as it was at Highwooay wlioif tjio' pooms ww printed ready for distribatiooxi-tho muain opm»= posod ready f or recitatlonrSlhe pioluiasJbmmed and varniahod, and cards of invitation sent out 'in travesty qfth» ar^Uy.a.f.'priyato^ioW.' Then Mr. Bransoombo was'in.tbo eevonth h?aveu of delight. Tho lasf \nBrmity. of'ibis nobleness wuBifuifilledLto the.. utmost \i/a& lip , jw.oi ; fUe iveritiiblo Apollo of hisownSarnassuB. For thn pruacnt, thoroforo,- what it pleased him to call his work, was done;, and it was timo that Uruilion should follow upon Libour.,;.;; . :?{-?-? But bocauao lio hid mndo theii yot young mouruing a reauon why Stolla had ' beon kept bo closo to work in copying and rq-cqpyjng.hjft, productions that Bhe had not beeu allowed even ii walk in the lovoly Iauoa, , or the quiot fields, it was neooaaary, for him to findVi. 'xuiiaou now. why ho should break so. suddenly through . the ucclusion whioh had beon duo to his, vanity .and dfcribodto hia sorrow. And ho found it in.his; daughter's pallor and Mrs. Latrobe's Jjjuggea tiun- ? ?- ' - ? ' You aro looking a littlo pulo,-my ohild,' ho said, the day aftor Augusta's visit, apeaking aa if this woro his own disoovory, and speiik-' ing with his beat air of 'fatherly tenderuess. ' I must not have you fail, ray lovo ! Wo must break through our sad aqolusiori, and go out into the world o little'raoro XKan? we have done of late. It.will bo a trial to me, but it is my, duty to ybq ' .'; ; ? -'?; :. ?..' ; ' ??r.'-'i ?'?' :... ?. ?x ??'? I'ab'ohld bo sorry if you' did' anything part:' . ful to. youHelf for my sake, doaioet papa,' said Stella, 'gently. He.Bighed. ?j_;Xon;aJo.aUthat;islef^to me; I must take care of you,' he Baid. ' I must be father and .-mother both to my^Household-L.tar!' ?. '-? ? -'Uearpapa! how gobJ you are !' said Stellaj In.lrmn.at dim Wifh nrpntoflli AVAD. ' Ye°, I am a good father to you, and I was a (jood husl and to your dear mother. Tho ^airtiat has not killed the man in me !' he ana iwored, honeatly believfng what he said ; for hia vanity waa so great.his eelfiAness so blindly 'sincere, that he did faithfully hold himself to be the sublime and all but perfect creature for which ha poBod. And when he had sacrified his good Matilda, and was now sacrificing his daughter, to tbia vanity, this aelfishneas, he waa to his own mind doing only, . what was right and holy.f Taking the help of the lower oreature in the production of such works aa hiB, made their glory as well as hia 'own. They aided where he created, and they were honoured by' their nsaooiation with hia genius. So much muBt bo said for him. False aa ho was all through— mere maBk, wind-bag, simulacrum as he was — he was nnaonaoiously false. He lived in a world of hia own, where he was what he as sumed to be. It would have taken a, miracle to have convinced him that he waa less than a genius and lower than a hero. ThiB world scarcely gives enough credit to the transform ing power of vanity— to the sincerity of man'e own self -deception; but Mr. Branscombe was really and truly in a self-evolved goldon cloud through which he Baw nothing as it was, and himself the moat transformed of all. Had he been self -condemned through conaciouanesB, he could not have imposed even on Stolla as he did. It waa the very sincerity of his vanity whioh gave it vitality and imicesaiyeness, and whioh hid hia owe huinbue from hamBelf. ' And as you are bo pale und wan, my love,' he went onto say affection Italy, ' I vill take you for on airing, and carry you among your friends. 8p go and make yourself ready. I have ordered file carriage for 3 o'olock. , ,.We will m«.ka a little round, and I will take our friends these eards. ' They will appreciate, the attention.' . ? Very well papa,' said Stella, without a smile or sjgn of pleasure. ? She dare not say so, but how much bettor she would have liked a walk across the flolds, and those oarda not distributed nor their visits paid '. She soarcely knaw herself in those latter days, nor understood why 'she .shrank' with suoh sensitive shame from the artistic publicity whioh was her father's glory and. until now had beem hflr own proud delight. What made her dread where formerly she had rejoiced ? — dislike what she had loved? She oonld not shake off the feeling of desecration to her mother's memory in all ? these poems and pictures, these nooturns and the like, which were sent aboat among the neighbours like bellman's versos. Yet how could papa's beauti ful work deaeorate that dear memory? And would papardo anything whatever that waa not inspired by the most sublime and delicato feel ing?— papa, who paid snob , enthusiastic re speot to that beloved memory as even to object to her having freah air and exerciseir? It waa impossible; and Stella' knew tEat it waa im possible. Neverthelesa she wisheo. that aba had not taken those silver- printed cards to distribute ; and that they hud simply gonu fojc a walk to getner. As it was impossible for hor to say all this, and as she had not even thought it all out oleaily to herself, she did as aho wao bidden, and put on hor hat and cape. Thon thuy got into the little brougham, where Mr. Bruns combe hud plaood a pile of cards already en oloaad iu envelopes and directed. Before they sot off he drew up both windows, save for tho 'space of an inch on his own aido. Sitting: so much in his 'cloao hot studio had spoiled, his tuita (nr irnnh air. and ho dreaded cold almost as much aa if he had been a dormouso. Suor rardiuo wua tho first placo to which they went. It waB tho farthest off, and Mr. Brunscombo took it firat, meaning to work Tound by Mrs. M'rs- head's— from whom the intordict had been per force taken oinco poor Mrs. Br-mscombo's death ? and then on to Derwent Lodge. The first two utood in' tho ( Booial column of disagrooable necessity, tho last in that of unmixed pleasure. Tho geutlo worahip of pretty Hortensia Lyon waa Finery J?rod's present portion of delight in life. Twenty years ago it wtould havo been receiving back in earnest the love mode in jest ; now ho found it in mbok genius and sincere praise, which did quito as woll and was slightly leaB dangerous. ' ' . All tha Fennefathers. were at: .home iu the gardon ; bo were all the dogs ; bo were the two Oowley boys. The noiao and racket going on when tho oloso-shut, black-painted brougham, with its mourning liveries and its ooal.blaok horss, drove up was (omething deafening. Unnnna aaa niinntiiu? at tha toD of hit or her liko the touch of pale sunlight on hia faco, he went slowly towardB that noisy, laughing, up roarioiiB group gathorad on tho lawn. ( Glad to hoc you, Mr. Urunsoombo,* cried Mr. Ponuofathor, coming forward in his frank, hearty way. ' Ah Stolla !— it ia good to seo you again.' , 1 Dear Stolla, this ia nico!' said Mrs. Penne father, kissing hor. Th;y woro people who called all the yonns, and oven tho middloagod of their acquaintance by thoir Christian niwes. Well for dignity, if thoy did not hit on a diminutive, or some quoor nickname, which, might or might not be plenBaut to the woaror! Mrs. Ponnefather, almost as young-looking as hor daughters, was ono of the standing woudera of maternity in tho county. Forty yoara of ago and the mothor of soyen ohildrou, aho had tho step and figr.ro of n girl and a face to correspond. Sho wore neithor stays nor cap, nor any aign of mutronhood whataoovor aavo the wedding-ring whioh marked hor stato. Her tennis costume was as short and youthful as Gip and Pip's ; hor foot were small and dainty ; and sho hoioolf waa ob light and lissom. It was not from hor, howevor, that the ohilaren 'had inhoritod their beauty and strongly-marked family likoneas ; but from tho father. Sho herself was fair, and only littlo Nora, the 'youngest, oarried hor improas. Tho rest wore alt-' father's children,' as had been said ; in XantTng-Trpin Mr. Pennefather their dark oyes and— ourfyi-Zjot ' blaok hair, their vivid colour ana.- bright brisk, noisy -ways: while from both paronts, in equal proportions, camo. voioa ; and all were shouting at onoo. ? Some off the dogs wero barking in oonoort ; others were bounding about tho lawn and crashjns; through, the bashes in sympathy and participation. Here was tho click of a croquet b»ll againBt the mallet, thero tho ping ol a rifle fired at a mark.' ' It was Babol and Bedlam ; and Mr. Bransoombo covered hia ears with his gloved hands, as ho slightly groaned and shudderei. ? Barbarians and savages !' he muttered ; then composed his handBomo face to a melan oholy. nmilo as one who would not sadden youthful mirth by the intrusion of his.own' sorrow, yd who could not quite forget the painful fact that hia heart was blcodtng, and thut the merriment of ordinary men was not for him. And with this melancholy smile lingering ,t.h-i 4D0I iM-'Jutipcr, good, temp (r,r cleanly Hv ii/iij uuii kindrifis of heart which made youth juerotinial in tho Ponnefathob homohold. rThey. I «ero pei-pl« who would never grow old in pna' (moikio, buiutuse they would never.grow indolont, i^elf- indulged, sour toinpered, nor onvious. Tho gicls, Qipand Pip, dashed forwaid too; kinsing Stella iw soon as their mothor hud done withihur, and greeting? her'as if aho hdd.bcdn ihoir di:»rest friend. They had this hospitublo way to cillors ; Heeming.towish.to make thoir f;iii- ata froo of nil that Sherrardino coutuinoj,. jhumflcilvos inoluded. .?;?'?? ; : 'How aro yon, dear Stella?' thoy shouted in' thair bontBwiuu's voice3. ' So glud to soo you 1 Bo jolly of you to cou. of ? 1 i ?. . ?.?:.. ' 'We thought you were never coming out of. your aholl again, you jolly littlo onail '.' con-' tinned Gip, whilo Pip stood by and emphasized her sinter' b words by running bursts of laughter1. ? It ib ages — heaps of agea since wo saw. you I And how white you aro! What havo you been doing to yoursBlf ? You look ub if you wanted bnoketruls of salt water and oceauu of fresh air !' . . - . ' Do I ?'? said Stella, rubbing her cheeks with a quivering littlo emilo that was only tho othor side of tears. . : ,'. ' Do you f why, of course you do ! Master, did you ever use euch a'po'or limp rutf, enoh a ghost as Stolla Branscombe looks P' shouted Qip; while Jemmy ,: who was suspected of being hard hit in this direction, took quite a sentimental expression on his- browed faoe aa uu »aiu ; .... . 'Yea, Miss Stolla, you- look as if you had been shut up in the dark- for a' twelvemonth: You ought to get out more I amunro. A good ; long jolly cruise would- do you .'no end of good!' ' '?? ??..?;?:?'? . .';?-' ! ' Well, now we've got you np here, we won't let you go in a hurry,' said Grip and Pip to gether. 'So come and. sit down under the' veranda, and we'll have a jplly littlo talk to gether. Have you heard the news? Mr. Branscombe, have you heard the news?' Bhouted Pip, raising her voice. ' No,' returned Mr. Branscombe, stiffly. These Miss Pennefather's were really ex tremely rudo and objectionable young women, without manners, reverence, respect, or breed ing! Though glad to show them the laat fine product of his genius, and not too dainty to garner the course harvest of their praiae, still he was out of pluco and ill at ease in this sue cursale of Bedlam, and wiahed hia visit was over. . . . ' ' No ! Why ! You have not1 heard that Sandro Kemp is going to be married P Isn't that fun ?' shouted Hip. i ' Is it ?' replied Mr. Branecombe with cold disdain . ' I confess I am unable to see either the interest or the fun of the announcement.' ' Oh, I Bay!' cried Gip and Pip, ' It is awful fun, Mr. Bransoombe. Quite too good a joke,' (To be continued.) 