ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; Mr. Harkina played Macbeth on Saturday and Monday nights. That he has grasped the essentials of the character no one can question. He presents ub, therefore, with the picture of a man impelled on to bis doom by an irresistible destiny, against which in vain he struggles. He makeB him fearfully to illustrate that helpless warring of the heart against temptation which distracts the better nature of some men into madness, and which, in consequence, shows itself after wards so terribly in remorseless desperation. Mr. Harkins helps us to understand what is meant by the implacableness of a fateful star, aud the headlong impulse of a mind once noble, but at last plunged in crime from which there is no retrogression. In this way he createB in the minds of his audience a curiously blended feeling of pity and abhor rence, the pity being the offspring not of sympathy with wrongdoing, but of regret that good instincts should be so warped from their natural direction. And he makes all the situations contribute to the furtherance of this impression. They seem to be so many augmentations of his entanglement, so that after a while the interest consists prin cipally in our watching for his gradually impending perdition. This power of com pletely engrossing the attention of an audi ence is not a common one, and it is there fore all the more an evidence of Mr, Harkine's intensity, that he is able to make the impression deep and continuous. If it were asked that a prominent example should be selected as illustrative of this power — which, however, is appa rent all through the representation of the character—perhaps the banquet-Bcene might be quoted as the moat indicative. He gives herein what few actors are fully capable of giving, namely, a vivid notion of the horror of the situation, and yet he never hints in any-way of compunction or re morse. He seems to have it in his mind all the same, that he will pnsh his wicked projects to their fearful completion, no matter what array of spiritual ad versaries he may have to encounter. He thus gives an emphatic meaning to the pas sage— " I am la blood Stept In so far, that should I wade no more, Returning were as tedious as go o'er." We are drawn with him into the tempest of pasBion, fury, and blood, to which he is ex posed, bareheaded and nndaunted, and the fever of the circumstance seizes upon us. And it is only just to say that in this perform ance of Macbeth, Mr. Harkins displays fewer of those peculiarities of utterance to which attention has been directed in some of the other parts he has played. They therefore are clearly on the surface, and even when they challenge attention, they are not so thick but that one can see through them, and recog nise the good material beneath. On Tuesday, Mr. Harkins repeated his admirable performance of Hamlet, and on Wednesday he played Richard again. On Thursday Mr. Harkins re-appeared as Othello, and last night he was to take his benefit, playing Dazzle in " London As surance," the parts of Sir Harcourt and Meddle being sustained by Mr. Wybert Reeve and Mr. Greville. And the bill was to be rendered farther attractive by the inclusion of other notable persons. To-night " The World" is to be revived for the race-week. The record of Miss Beaudet's performances since their last enumeration herein, includes the following :—On Thursday of last week she played Lady Isabel in that piece of dreariness "East Lynne." It is not a part well suited for her, but she showed how large and varied is her capability by entering completely into the spirit of the representa tion, and getting her andience completely within her grasp. On Friday ahe took her benefit, and played Fanchon in that inane dramatic adaptation of George Sand's charm ing story of "La PetiteFadette,"known to as as "The Cricket," and Lazorillo in "Don Caesar de Bazan." In both of these characters her sparkling bright ness, her unflagging animation, and above all her genuine naturalness, secured every body's admiration. On Saturday she took the part of Blanche de Nevera in "The Duke's Motto," and although somewhat limited in opportunity, ahe went to the ex tent of such opportunity as there was, and delighted her audience with the delicate sympathy of her acting. On Tuesday she repeated her daintily-pretty picture of Doris Quinault,: in " Narcisse," and in a sketchy piece which followed, en titled " Tom's Revenge," she impersonated a dainty little paysannt with the most engag ing sweetness, and sang an incidental song with such piquancy, as made one long to hear her in some musical piece wherein her obvious powers of voioe would have completer range. | In all these various: efforts her unquestioa- i able ability, although widely differently ap plied, has consistently declared itself, and has fully confirmed the opinion that she is a < rarely-gifted actress, who requires only a further opportunity for the exercise and de velopment of her powers, to take a very high position in her art. In some of the pieces enumerated, Mr. Bandmann has also taken part, bat as bis representations have donfelittle mora than demonstrate a certain alteration of manner be has acquired since fast he was 'In Mel-1 bourne, there is nothing to commend. He baa become more voluble and lees dis tinct, so that you may follow him in; rain with s view to comprehending what he supposed to convey. The onl/exceptlpn -this turbulence6t utterance has beta tne •b&raeter; he sustained in the fragmentary Irainaof "Tom's Revenge," inwhlcb heput tome bonstrai ntupon his impetuoaity.and to; mablsd the- audience, to pgtmot * mean- ; ng from what be said ,and did. The i drama itself. ^ factory one, for it breaks d?bano* °ftbe obu«a^5i8,hott i* oHowinfe the wrong man to bfiJS iuitice, On Thursday Mr. Bandrnwrn Beaudet appeared in a not ver» • ^ Mil« contrived veraionof "Monte Chlf I'T'^ly. wSf^n B/ndmann w« to ft with Dead or Alive" and " , enefit. To-night' the Musgrove Opera™ Lives" appear, opening with «&&y; * have etillgonJo™a0ndrapparently ^ Bihl to go on for some time. * ttte >H pleased everybody who has been I!'* mUotl hear them. Especial mention 866 ani be made of Mr. PorreBter He i« mimic, but he is one of the t,n«?0t 0Dlya of all the actors we have had ia Meth b68t His powers of facial expression 7 boum» He derives no advantage from the^"*?1 mentof costume and make-up, ^ * gives you such a complete not; . hft characters he assumes, that youV th* pletely taken possession of by thel?' And there is such a thoroueh m,J all he does, that the charm ia aJ' greater. He does not come as if he expected, as a matter o m that you should t* !£"£««* of delight at all he does, but he almost dtfT dently offers to amuse you. And h« a amuse you. He keeps you in a delight! agony of laughter all the time he is ontu stage, and when he is gone you feel disposed clamorously to solicit mofe. Mr. FoS ought to make a much deeper mark 2? these days than he has bo far made. To-night the pleasant Surprise partv migmte for a while to the Athemeam a the Hibemicon go to Hudson's. M'-^aPoabe'who has for a long time been preceded by many announcements, made his first appearance in Melbourne on Saturday night at the Town-hall, and on Mont night he .commenced his more reaular performances at St. George's Hall is an impersonator of a class of which w« have had many examples in this city, thrf first conspicnoue example being Miss Emmi Stanley, who delighted as so much about 2t years ago. Between that time and the pre. Bent, we have had a good many entertain; ments of the kind now given by Mr. Maccabe, some of them excellent, others only command place. Mr. Maccabe is understood to have had a large practice in theBe exhibitions oi character, and as a matter of course, he hat been able to communicate to hiB pictures a good deal of finish. Perhaps it might bt objected, that in none of them is there anj generic novelty; but then at this day, origi nality is pretty nearly out of the question. Even the duplex business in which an actn will represent two characters at the sami time by wearing different half-dreBsesJhai been made familiar to us. The question however, need not present itself as to whethei a thing has or has not been done before ii Melbourne; all we desire to know is whethe an entertainment be attractive or not. <Ani as already remarked, Mr. Maccabe's expeti ence has enabled him so completely to frnisl the characters he represents, that they comi to ub rather as elaborated pictures than ai sketches in portraiture. Of all his pictures tbe best is undoubtedly the prosy old gentle man who makes a speech about nothing This is a type with which most of ui have been made wearily familiar on t good many occasions. The young lady, MiBi Mary May, although well enongb of its kind, lacks the personal requisites which the actoi cannot supply, in order to complete thj illusion. The lady-killer is our old frieni Dundreary a little modified. Of the Wander ing Minstrels the reality is of necessity thi most interesting. WhenMr.Coppinusedofter to be playing Jim Baggs, this waB exactly thi kind of minstrel he uBed to give us. He wai was not so husky, and he had no a sepulchral cough, but he made a Tate etud] of it, and Mr. Maccabe's minstrel is structed on the same lines as Mr. C?PPin' Jim Baggs, with which we madeacqnaintano 30 years ago. In the second part of Jus ® tertainment, entitled " Vanquished Villainy, Mr. Maccabe ridicules the exaggeration.® the old blood and thunder melodrama, muci in the Bame way as poor Fred Young® to do in Khorsanbad in the burleB'ae,J "Ldl. Rookb." mi. Mr. Pirate in the extravaganza of the TM of Abyiios." Mr. Maccabe's epecial fea however, is his duplex mak*uP. * which be is a remorseless baron ^ one side, and a persecuted the other. The business of th»«P» tation he manages very adr°lUy' h died the baron has stabbed himseff. and^ J he goes amusingly through &e; fnrtoj» » ness of the tired actor 1ye?^jyf.-flff;wg.rooni dragging himself off to bw rauwa: Mr. Maccabe concludes Wlb^/mrate pLctnr porter, which is probably an pd may b of an English railway porter, aw ^ recogniBableenoughbytboBewhoh ^ nQ been in the old country.bntwtoc remind onb of a correspondtog part of the world; In the oon»e ° ^ representetions Mr. Mao^> Mn, effective use his .^2^ plishmentB, ' and m°lden2cular one how clever in tb^ PW^ m Wizard Jacobs peed to Wb pavi® Zmrmmttfi » was wont to ' Bet ua i* ^ .y^oab ventriloquisOc ecoen^fl„^' M might be " has attracted large bM bronffc pected, fot- the en<$J 'T> J? J was the name of Herr Wil. w„progtim®® ed iQ hi8 grandly-perfect telmj. ffb° fife of Ernst end a fantasia manner anJf 'rranged by Ernst, and as " Otello encores which these |ck»off'edCelv evoked, he gave Schubert's tieceB reBP5 ,, and a sweetly plaintive air by f,Aveil«r'8!; * voeri^h played two pieces Bach. LiBZt and Henselt with a reBpectively w which indicated a rare 8eDllenfBRBel°f-command. and it was not fortu po^rof® Rofe, a lady pianist who made, ilseeiii,®<fcM£ at this concert> jgitwonw laboured manner in t118' b-r election from "Don Juan" was Tbalberg8 8 fa favourable contrast brougW m o leafl 1 The vocali8t8 and Miss Josephine se r the latter lady making her first P£,km'Jp in concert in this city, although 8ppearS^nme well-known to the public as a laviughecome^ _jijflmgon,8 „ pirate9 o{ member o ' y< she sang with fine ft"""*, most careful execution, Schira's ".tfiS "Sognai," and for encore characteristic feeling. Cowan's l«ve: „ gone. Miss Conran sang with f - Increzia Borgia;" and gave for encore tbenow nearly equally familiar "Du bist wie hinme " of Rubinstein. The part sing \- Sgood as it always is, and the con frtor fulfilled his duties with that high oedit which has helped so principally to raise ^society to its high level of success. On Thnrsday evening, at the Town-hall, Mudame Simonsen reappeared with her two Lubters Leonora and Martina, after a long lace in Zealand, during which they have to received, as they deserved to be received, jithmoch favour. When they made their tot appearance in Melbourne they were very woperly admitted to be admirable vocalists, both because of their natural qualifications und their perfect training, and now all the Jd things that were then said of them may be repeated with additions. The soft, sweet, rich quality of Miss Leonora's voice and the ptrity, flexibility, and remarkable range of ifos Martina's charmed everybody on Thurs day night, and made it quite sure that during their European tour they will enjoy a suc ceasion of musical triumphs. That Madame SimooBen and Mr. Simonsen should be well received on this occasion was a matter of coarse. They are old favourites, who long ago deserved well of the musical public. And the rest of the materials composing the pro gramme were consistent with those which * ere principal. On Tuesday next the second tod last of tbeBe farewell concerts will be given. On Wednesday the St Eilda Amateur Dramatic Club played " The Serious Family '■ and "Never Reckon Your Chickens Before They Are Hatched" at Hudson's Theatre. Remembering how the first of these plays need to be represented in Melbonrne five and My years ago, this reproduction of it could hardly fail to make one melancholy. For all that, the ladies showed some credit able ability. MiBS Vinson played Mrs. Ormsby Delmaine very fairly, Mrs. Ireland taa wonderfullyjeffective as Lady Creamley, ud Miss Josephine Ireland gave good evidence of gradually-developing ability as Mrs. Charles Torrens. COMMUNICATED. [Correspondents who are good enongh to oreard newspapers containing theatrical mm will much oblige by marking those Phages to which they desire to direct atten £hen. opting® are enclosed, it is tenable they Bhould have attached to them tetter Onr Thuit. t, CHBISrCHtJECH, Oct 13. fflK ^!?r was ro-opened on the Dramatic Company They opened C iin^ L Which did not attract a ^ £»«*. aft« the rub been naus P1^06^ bad <bt the re'?Ired be convinced played promi,B,e8 80 largely dis »hlfifi T?®" T1"8 wlre "kely to "Cimbeline" w enc® wbo witnessed thitiS ttnSuWev?r so convinced Steadily inertia 8eein.? th.ttt their numbers "Sy SrTiw H the Production of wd^L™®?P.atra crammedthehonse, "ddeBerv^heol company wob assured, ezceUent hot oKd? ptaBen tuany °t the Egyptian Qo A?Shlt^but ®<>t leas hearty L J80™ ^*688 marked by much intelligent study and e&rneBtnesB;, but it is not a part her best friends admire most. The Bent and Bachelder Minstrels are announced for the 25th inst. Kappa, Sydney, Oct. 26. The Musgrove company have gone from the Boyal, and Mr. and Mrs. Williamson, with "Eureka," have taken their place. We are glad to see Mr. and Mrs. Williamson, also Mrs. Walter Hill and her daughter, and especially also a wonderful little child, Lily Moore, who acts as if she were inspired. At the Gaiety we have Mr. Dampier as Bel* pbegor, and his clever daughter Rose as Henri. Mr. Reynolds's drama Beems, curiously enough, to be liked at the Queen's. The Montague-Turner people at the Opera house finish on Saturday next. " The Ghost" still appears at the Victoria hall. " Professor " Miller haB taken a gymnastic benefit at the School of Arts. Baton. Adelaide, Oct. 24. " The World" having come to an end on Saturday, Mr. Allison's idea of a millennium is so extraordinary that he proposes to dose us with " East Lynne," and re-introduce Miss Annie Mayor in the character of Lady Isabel. On second thoughts, an ordinary commercial manager's notion of paradise would be a Elace where such a piece could be produced y an average-salaried stock company as would invariably draw a good audience. There is always payable business with " East Lynne" on the boards. Its sentimental nasti neBB suits a gross public, and with her back hair well let down any actress can come and overcome. We are anxious to see how much Miss Mayor may have improved since last here, and since she has been unhampered by the idiotic Darrellian school. Kowalski could not attract an audience, though Meilhan and amateurs assisted him. He left for London by the Potosi. 