A OOUPLB OF 'CIUPS?' ?'??' AGO. I ' Bin, Walter' Swan/1 ' . '.'. - I ^z fnco thab scomod to bo tho blankest l»« barroncst thoro, was that of 'Eiohard I '«cey. Ho sat four Boats from tho front of |'« grand-stjind, and the slight Bhadow of IPUi which had boon upon him from thb' first iwmcdto lmTo dcoponod into bowildbrmbnt |r, car'ecl n 80»B0 ot ruin. Tracoy's drawn IHiures were thbso of a man whohadBtakod 'iwthopo and saw 'if snatched dway. Tho r' «y nnd tho last ehcor of the! sobthing ««rd nbovo and bolow him was all that had -~'«i ma mind, it rovorboratbd through ™» »nd thought with oohoos that died \ly and swollod back again— liko tho wunio of on organ poal, like a distant 1 Oder cry, liko tho blare of a multitude. Ho k ,a' and lfc wnB no wonder if Iub white «»(?» trembled, or if, when ho felt absontly ?'' nu book, ho could not find it. Tho !WmS°iUr o£ Toico'' fche Pooplo nway before ™'i. tho swooping courso thab had holpod to ™'» him, invaded by oager thousands, died wVi and thore was nothing prosontod in its j'M|l but blankness. He looked across tho Ijwitiful Spring day, ovor tho rustle and j™«ownosB of silk and laughtor, and nothing fronted Hsolf but a great numb blank, with ? uim writing upon it, that ho knew but [ ,?6d not road. It was a sentence of disgrace lid social death. Thoro ib no talo oftonor lid than this — not indeed by novelists, but I evory nowspapor in tho country. In thoir I. mns is to bo soon, wook by weok, tho I 10 story of uhamo, and sin and brokonnosB, f.''yB w'th the aamo weary surroundings. '«ncoy was like many anothor. Alono in the orld, ho would hav~---eon bravo enough to [and up and dc£r it^o would liavo luughod nt « greedy o\nl-p&^ id defied its diehonour blo oodoH of ijftj^,.^ -(If the oravers that ho l^nst soon meet 'wero all ho had to think of a would havo laughod at thoir ovil oyen, but ?ore was moro. Not 6 miles from whore ho Bat food tho roae-covorod Alfred Cottago with 3 wide vorandah and iw poaco among tho1 wrtnwH iu tho breathings of tho honoy Thero would be waiting for him [ ? n»on^* ?- lady with rwgnrejit, f ''d never fn*ii- her fair patrioian f aoo . and that raro smilo of weloomo (ho thought so win ning. But for theso twb figures, one .so beautiful in thb balm of the winter, and' the coming of the' twiiight, tho othor so bright in tho spring time that had come waiting foe the mellow sumth'or thoroftftor— the path of one going softly down to pouoo, the path of tho othor going up among tho flowers towards happiness and bleB sings— what noed to havo oared for all the rush and roar that was around him with tho; terror that was within P That morning the two faoea wore the Erido and joy of his life, but they old a fear for him' now worse than death, as ho sat ' thoro drawn and blank. ? '' : 'Now thon, Diok,' ' said- a young follow, working towards him amongst tho seats and tho gay dresses with exultation on his frosh fabe, 'tho.oup' is ovor and you.told mbtb oome for you, you know. I've won 'the last' swoop and Barbara gets the gloves. Mrs; Tracey'said I wos; never luoky. Look there,' disojoslng a sovereign and a orown-pioco in his hand, ' oomo on, I'm in haste to tell Barbara. Why, DioV, what's the matter P Aro you ill?' andquiok oonoorn oame to the speaker's face as ho looked at his jfriend. I Traoey sat staring before him as unwitting jof tho voioe that had spoken as of the human iflguros before him. Noithor the pioturo of tho lawn with its unfolded trains and oon jtrasts of oolour, nor the massos of life beyond, caught his eye. Thore was anothor pioture 'before him and there was a purpose in it not obnsonant with the gaioty and shoen of all olao besido him, and of tho bright day around and beyond him. ' ' The young fellow ; stooped low and spoko ! gravely : 'People would think you were Wd if they saw your faoe now.. Whatever it is ails you let us got homo, tho pooplo . are 'beginning to observe you. Aro you strong 'enough to oome P' . , ? ? ? Traoey seemed to shiver and pull himself together. Ho quietly buttoned up Mb boat, patiently and tremblingly roturned the book to his pocket and looked at his friend. . . ,,'f What.were you saying, Charley P' ' That you look as if you wore very ill, as if you had Buffered some sudden blow. The people are beginning to stare at you, Diok. Are you strong enough to oomo homeP' Traoey pulled his hat leaf down ovor his faoe and rose. ' I don't think I am strong enough to go home — that ia not yet. Lot us try what a bIbbs of brandy will do.' , In an hour a returning train landed both on the platform of the railway Btation,.and they stood for a while looking up and down the empty stroets,. almoBt entirely swept of life and full of Bun and silenoo. , '' Qivo me, your arm whilo wo .walk, Oharlby,' He had not spoken to his , bom panion sinoe they loft, the bourse ^till, now, and his voioe was low., and level and splomn; , Charley lookedjind listenod in a fpghtenbd way. . Suoh pleiisuro as the day had brought, him .appeared to have gone; suoH suooesses as he had mot with wore forgotten. . ,,M|You asked me just now on the grand, stand if I felt strong enough to go home. . I mean a while ago. How long ia it ainco f' 'About an hour.' ' . M The hours travel quiokly thon ; I thought misfortuno made thorn slow,' and the speaker laughed aimlessly. 'I was going to say that I am not, strong enough to go homo, and you must go .without me. I mudo an important flngageinont sincotho Cup race, and jnst boforo you oame. I purposo fulfilling that ! engagement first.' ' 1 Charley stopped, and lookod oarnostly at the spoaker. 'Listen, wo'U drivo homo and ongage a whole dab to our two selves, Diok. Listen,' and he shook tho monoy in his pookot. ' It ? \yon't b'e' extravagant on a day liko this.' : ; The f aoo of the older romainod impassive, | and . Charloy'B ' hand found itB way to his shouidoK' ?' : ! ' Look at me, Diok — look at me in the. !eyeB.'- ' '' i ' 'ATr. Traoey lookod at tho speaker woarily for a moment, as a sudden look of expression; and yearning oamo to bis faco. He put his hand hastily boforo his oyes, and stood thus' a moment besido his waitingfiiond alone in the still etrcot, bolow the sun that was splashing the windows with gloam, and painting the spires; and stealing with its impartial brightness to alleys that wore dank with orgio. ? When: ho took his hand away, his faoo; woro the expression that his friend had first noticed, but thore was tenderness in his oyes. 1 'It's no use, Diok,' and thore was a quiver of fear and affection on tho sensitive mouth; 'you must oomo with me. Dear old Diok ! I oannot go without you; ?? You will comoP' and tho speaker's hand oropt from the man's shoulder towards hie faoo in a boyish, oaressing fashion. Mr. Riohard Tracey said, loudly enough to bo hoard, had anyono boon near thorn on the stroot, ' I will not go with you j my ongago mont is a private one, and I intend to keep it. Gbod-byo.' . ' ' ' Charley - was turning slowly in the. direction of homo, but Tracoy hesitatod,' and comb back hurriedly,' with his hand hold out in saluta tion.' ?'?'??? ''I ? . i '! ?'?'.'. '?-?-? .r'li ! . ?!??! I ? ? ???? 'Good-bye. God bless youi': -1 ') Whon Oharloy Forn' walked dor'oss' the paddooks from tho omnibus .towards tho roBt fulnoBS of Alfred Cottage, tho Bun was grow ing yellow) and' the' shadows longor.- The noise of tho 'roturning trafllo W(is bdgihningto driftuji from 'the road, just po'ndtrating tlio ropoBotliat was in tho heavy brauchos of tho pinos. The' littlb gardon and lawn wore wallod in 'by hodgo, blossomed with briar and roso. Behind it was tho patchwork of flowers, and b'eydnd' the soa. ' Tho'dark shado of one of tho troes had strotched away across tlio path, and spanned' tho gravol from its root to tho vorandah, whoro it was' mingling with trncory of broopors, ivhito with bloom, and filled with fragrance.' Whon bo opened tho gato ho saw tho afternoon's brightness on iiurbara's yollow hair, and noar by a faco that was gray and tranquil. Thoy woro watching tho sun spinning threads among tho leaves, and waiting for tho sound of fbotstops. Tho culls of birds woro around thorn, Btriking through tho wide, faint m'onotono of tho sba. 'Whoro is Dick?' asked Barbara, moot ing him in tho flush of tho sunsot. 'Ho promised to roturn.' .-,,, ,.,;.,, Partly tho sunlight, partly tho darkor back ground , of tho . house .and. tho flowers ,tlmt lived around it, inado Oliarlby.ITorii iorgot I ho, quoBtion for tho qucaliouoiyunrt yet ho could not forget ontirolyi the ; foreboding ho carriod with him : whou .ihoiiand Tracoy soparatodi!- -?-??- , ?:',???{ ? mm.. hV'. ,i :? i ? 'What apioturoyouwouldimako if your ]-ortrait wore ? 'taken: ' now, ? Barbara, in tho middle of thia sunsot,1 with' that' background of flower's. 'How peaceful everything sooms horo;;ilThoduBtlls'rlBing-on tho road hot a: quartoj' of 'a'Tnilo away ;? lookat ib yondorj witli tho sun colouring it into a goldon mist, and' hero is nothing but freshness and groon-, ness and bloom. I'1 won fivo-and-twonty; shillings;- ondjrf?**' ' ''o won 'tho'glovba.' Look,' mf'^ ' ' 'ho' monoy ? as ho \$$*^ Mio grand Booming to show him tho/fab'b.iio had pdrtbd with in tho ompty sunny stroot. j Oharloy ropltod with a now oxprossion arid' a somowhat unsteady vpioo :. 'Ho told mo in tho oityho' had a short privato pngag'dr mont to k.oop.' ' ' , ' ' '.;'' i 'A BluJrt, privato engagomontP Ho had. hono this morning.'! ; i ' I wont to him 'immediately df tor 'tho Cup was run, and ifound him sitting staring at tho Plat as if,, ho. haddroamod a droami or boon Btupoflod with a blow — ' ,'.'..' '?' j 'Thon ho, is, ill, Charles Porn, and you aro horo without him.' ;...-;., : Charley, felt spmpthing liko a gasp in, his throat as ho went on to say : ,, . I 'I askod him at tho atand to oomo homo with mo, but' ho did not sooni to hear, for ,somp time.,- \Af tor appear ing 'to' think for d'' whilo, lib roso and loft with mo for town. 'Whon' thoro, ho said ho mado tho ongagomont just aftor tlio oup was run,. and. boforo I reached him, and ho must fulfil it.' ??' ?'?'? : : Tho sound of tho traffic on tho road had grown ' faint, 'tho day had dobponod into twilight, tho voices of tho birds1 had coasod. ; Mrs. Tracoy movod out from the darknoss of tho shado as silently as the shadows thom solves woro falling, and tlio folds of lior dark dress minglod and mprgod with thorn, but her faco and whito hair woro as' distincjt in tho dusk as hor voico was distinct on tho 'silonco. ,, . -'^ ,. ' . ',,.' | ?'' , . ,' ' , ' Did Richard say ho would pbmb.hbmo P' ' Hosoid his .ongagomont was a short bno.' 'It is growing cold Barbara,; go irisido Mr. Porn, and I can spoat hprp.' ,\\. .: r ? Oharloy Baw;tho white [figure moving away slowly abovo ,the sound,- of , walking upon the path, until tho doopom'ug twilight hid it, nnd tho quiet of tho 'finished; day rostod on both liko a listening pause. ' Now tako your time, Charloy ; call upon your jriomory for ovory episode of tho day since you joinod niy son, and toll mo all you. ;know, and all thati is in your thoughts. Q-od help mo j I fool a foroboding of sorrow !' It might havo boon the something of sup plication that was in tho firm voioo ho had known so long. It might bb that his. own fear for his f riond was rouaod, but ho fold .what ho know brokonly, as if' ho also folt thoro was a sorrow coining. 'Andi oh! boliovo mo, Mrs. Tracoy, I; put my hand 'upon jhis ahouldor as I used to do whon I was a boy, I meiiri younger than I am,' he. oxplaihed with a stammer, 'and tho words I snid woro, 'Dear old Dick I can't go homo withoutyou.' Then ho answered sharply and loudly, ,,but there, was no .onoin i the .'.street .to licar, that his .engagement was privato. _ , Hqr voico sounded broken and distant i in tho darkness as \ sho spoko ngnin i 'This is not, liko inj ;son. I do pot.ro cogniso him; '., What olso ? I am waiting and afraid.' . . ; 'I turned to loayo, andho turned, thon came back a fow stops,, holding out his hand.' Porn, could, but just hear the ladj's voice, and ho know if thoro had bean | light ho would lw» o scon tears, on hor fuco. 'What,, did. ho soyP'V. ,.' , . .';Ho said good bye, and God .bless yOU.' ',. ..; ;:' . . , In a moment her paid. facp,was .closo to the speaker's, and her hands yrovo holding his. 'Oharloy Pern, for j your ,p,oor mothor's . sako I havo watched ovor you and, lovpij you next ,to jny own thoso many, years You will do my wish now as you always have, my son. You aro ray., only and boat, dopondonco This night you mnst go back- to town and find. Biohard.' Hor hand had found his Bhouldcr, just as his own had found. and. .. rostod on hor sop a a fow hours boforo and with liko , porsuading. 'Do not roturn to Alfred Cottago without him.' ' , ,.''.. Porn coiild not soo tho faco, but ho'cpuld fool tho troinbling hand. _, .,.,.-.:':.,, Thoro was a pause ; tho silonco Boompd heavier than boforo. 'Did, you |'oybr| know Dick to gamblo ?', . :; ?, ???,. '.'.-. '?' ?', . i Oharloy folt tho .hand^cloao, 'up'oi^ his shoulder, and ho know, tha ,'tonolpf borpdvinont arid fear: that, was in , the ansiiypri _| ? /.' ' \;f'YOS.' ..I,,. I,,.,, ',,',.l.ni|....:,. - |. ,..;?'. ,i ; \' ;,.MDo not stay,;up, Mr^. |Tjjoooy;v At any hour, of .tho night, orjof.tho day^whon I hayo found him,, I, will return.','.,;'. i,.,;|, ,, . ( ;l i'1 Go,i sob, it is^arkiith'o.lights.ttro phining out ,from,tlio: Bay.iVan'^ from., tho, .town. Charloy, thero is groat dangor. '.I.can'fbbl it, asithougli I iknow.npwr.vfliat I sliall know horoaftor,. [ Bpmoiribor., thorp ^^rp ' alooploss eyes and^aybo, a ,broak}ng, ho/irt at Alfrod Cottago. 'I can only pray ; thb fr^ond of tho widow and of tho. fathorlpss, Hb|.wiU,hblp you.' , , Tho voico, bi'bko in, sobs. '. , . , ',',.,-. , Ho put his strong, young arm round hor gently, and held hqr, hancl, ;asl ho led ; hor to tho vorandah, Ho' saw anothor flguro flitting up boforo thorn, and whoij-.h^ brought tho widow to tho divrkor d|vrknbsst whora 'thb olimbing ilowors woro, ,hor divughtor's ar,iris woro waiting, and hor daughter a ,, voico spbljo .bravoly. ,. ., | , .;,, ..? ,j, !,,i .,' 'v,'/ ',!'„' 'i:j Tlio day, was, wpll,..i-dvarioed tpwjvrds'' tlio afternoon whon Mr^. Tracoy,l-joking oiU'imjsjiy tirod and dusty, foun^jhis.way, to ,'tjho lipfcol, whoro tho, gay and, honourable mon'ass'pmblp who bolong. to ,thp, sporting1 ^irplp., 'Thb bloQining woarors of biazingstonos1 aridhoayy watch chains, aiid hbftyior facbsfTybatlnpss in oyes and speech— had ncit ypt oomo.' Thpy'wdro away using] their lrictallia poiipils 'on, tlip sward, coritompluting. thoir, wives in1', |thp colours and Bilks thoy had pockod'^ from pigeons, and othorwiap bustling arid aggros sivo with odds and lusty ciirsos., .Tliprp -vqrp othor pnlo and drnwn rupes in flip, Stjijid ,, in ; not a fow spats, of tho fropt,' or. from'/tlhoi front. They woro scattered inany'\vnpres tjipap I drifts of fortuno ^Y^th tlio an)ithpma of spiipii- ] lation on them. But tho sporting iiipn, with j thoirbooks and bots, ivpd)b'aitorucl': codes ':bf' honour, woro in. huge form, oxidtiinl; rod'. ami! lpud. Thoy had, not yot roturiiod .'frbih' their hivrvosb, and,^hoir hungoring oyos woro still groody abbyo thoir figures. Tho counters of tho, hofwl where tho honour-^ above the, ohanoos., The : barmaids woro drossod and Bilont, .waiting for tho irruption, and, tho j waiters saw Traooy walk wearily in towards ono of, tho' private rooms. He paused for a .moment, oamo baok to thb oquntor arid drahk. some brandy, then entered arid'olosed the'dbbr'.' A waiter of super natural observation diW a napkin through his hand arid bbaorved' to a companion how he thought 'that 'oro ooye was hard hit.' TraOyolbsod the door quietly behind him and sat down. ? ? ' Ho took a little phial from his pooket arid' pulled the paper from it, on whioh was printed a druggist's warning of poison. Ho lookod at tho liquid with a sot despair ing faoo. '.!Iria .few minutes ho would bo away over1 the threshold and into tho gloom, of the unknown, where weiro tho sorrowful faces aghast of so - many who had halted on tho highway to hoavpn. . Thon, roso bof ore him the faooof his mothor. It oamo to him . as. ho had known, it in the post, bright with life and happiness, and; filled with a love for him that was almost worship.; Not so long, ago, it now Boomed to him, ho remombored that face upon the sands, whon tho oledr sky line ruled his sight from tho distant lands and tho far soas sho had told him of. As plainly thon as on tho days that woro in those post years, oamo before him the green of tho Easture lands and tho eombro. tints where the oath blossom gleamod, and tho great organ - rooks, oohoingrjjbaok thoj musio of the sea \- — thore the tender faoo, with its light that was all for: him, with its mothor's truBt 'and pride, and tho wondoring oyos of Barbara [noar. Thcao followod . him ; these wore drawing, him baok across thb years into the times when tho days soomod so full of hope andlpvo. Thoy wore in every pioturo that floated by j, they woro with him in the evening times whon tho saorodness of tho dying day olothod with golden blessing tho Bilont troos and tho distant, mountains; when tlio sadness .that is not sorrow fell upon him,,,, rnixod with hope 'for tho future and, , tho ooming days /whon ho should go out for them in tho sun riso of life to disoharge the debt that had made his so happy, and bostowod upon it bo rhuoh that was beautiful and fair. Whilo these thoughts were with him tho phial lay inhis palm, and with thorn ho drifted from tho past into tho future. His mother's hair was' white now; how would hor tranquil faoe look when she rooeived tho news P He oould pioturo the hopolesanoss and tho deso I As plainly tlion us on tlio ilayii llml weiv in tliouo punt cars, camo bofoi-o ' ' ,. blu^,, of the pustmo laiidaj and tho sonihro tints wheio tho heath blossom glouuod, and tho , Krciit organ-rooks cohoiug back tho iuubIo of tlio soa, ' ' ? lation of It. How would ho have roturnod tho blessings and tho lovo ho had onjoyodf Her son, afraid to moot his own work, nnd poward onough to Book doath, found dond in a 'sportirig' hotel, she wrooked of ovory thing, and without tho consolation of tho memory of him, that ho was also about to wreok. Hor homo, hor means of living, hor support prono, doubly widowed, and hopeless and lost. And Barbara, with hor bright hair and noblo faco, toiling for tho suBton anoo that ho . should havo toilod for, uupro teotdd, 'arid trampled on by tho hurrying foot of tho striving world — the rofinod homo gone, mother and sister adrift— whoro ? Mr, Riohard Traooy raised his hand, and the 'littlb orystal thing ho had spont so long in trying to obtain was shivorod in fragments bolow tho grate, whilo a perfume oh of almonds1 or of wattlo blossom fillod tho room. Ho had no idoa whother tho piotures whioh swam before him had oooupiod an honr or throo. Tho room was dark, and tho sounding of foot and hum of voioos from whioh oath and malodiotion shot,beat against tho door. A thin lino of light orept undor it at tho threshold from whoro tno voioos wore wrangling and jarring, whoro hoarso laughter shook thorn, omphaiusod with onlls and jangling glassoB. Prom his window ho could soe ,tho oalm stars and tho quivering pathwayi tho moon was making on tho soa. The temptation had boon ovoroomo, but tho trial ho had dotermincd to avoid was waiting, bittoror thnu ovor. , Ho had wrookod his homo, and in his robklcasnoss had thrown his mothor's and Bister's monoy to tho greod that was' surging out bbyond tho lino of light rulbd thoro otjth'o door. Voices stoppod at it. and' passed it'j dja'ovdored and triumphant mon 'rolled against it and ataggored on— pant thoscono.pf a bittoror struggle- tliiin any on tlio course tluit, diiy. ,. Tracoy liatonod iu tt stupor, pfmpiitftloxh'austioii. A hntid caytio out of thb babol, foil upon tho handle, hosi tatod, , and Ip^t \t. Shouts of migor land mocking voices camo in across tho ntyvfow Imp of fight, . .How long would thoy aiiAl tho llaring pandomonium havo halted if h/o had boon oarrjpe^put) stark ? .Suqhwaa th/o world, or d part of it, on whioh ho cont/ompliitod , turning h|sniothor and' aistor ady/ift. God help him,| . hp.;lpaiiocl over to/wards the window silently, and, uhiislouod Iby tho tost! tlmtwivaui the silver night uinl/' Uio beiittty! tljat \y\\\i in tho gliller of tho ilildiuit tteiv.'liq. prayed lind wc])t. m '-V;' lt ', In thero, sjv, tlio gout ''''flli but. iv-^\ ? ?'' ' ' 'w, glavo arid confusion tided in. Riohard Tracoy was ovor1 b'V thti window, looking white, boforo tho dim' light that mot tho darknoss. Charloy Porn woe'on tho threshold, looking bowildorbd arid 'nervous. Ho had wandorod ovorywhoro ho could think of, and tho present was his third visit to the honour ablo circle of sporting gontlomon. Tho waiter slipped in nimbly, and tho room bocamo as bright as tho bar boyond. j ' Oh, Dick, I — I havo boen soarohing for you since '.eight o'clock, and Mrs. Tracoy is frightened dud hbdrtbrbkbn, f baring that BOiriotliing has happonod. Thank God. I hayo' foimd you alivo and -voll— fchnt is middling. Dick/lotus go homo | I was gotting afraid, too j.iti is past, midnight.', .'., ., , .:. ,. ,,.. 'Sit down, Oharloy j, I want to /spoakip you;1,1 ,; ,v ,' ' .;,? ..'.?'? ? .; ': ' Wait till wo got homo, Diok.; You. look liko a ghost.' . . , ? . ', ?,'. | .. Mr. Traoey wont on without hooding the rcquoBt : ...',' I told you to-day I .was not. Btrong onough to. go home, and that I. had an engagomont to keep. I am .scaroely strong enough to go homo ovon now, and I have not kept tho engagomont I made.' If it - had boon fulfilled you would havo found mo lying dead on that. sofa. . Dp you boo thoso sparkling pieces of glass bolow tho grato and smell thn porf ume of almonds P . I oast tho temptation from riio, Oharloy Pern, and did not oominit suioido.' .'?..,'. Tho pale, norveloss faoo, and the unsteady boding of the eyes, so altered his friend to Oharloy Pern that he eoarooly know him, 'Did you ovor sea a man weeping? If you had boon here an hour or hours ago, I oannot tell whon, you would havo seen me hero weeping and, praying. Ohl tho trial will bo terrible ! and I am not yet strong enough to go homo and disoloso to thorn thoir misory.' ? ? , : ?. i ..... 'Their misery?'; ? : ' ? ' 'Their misery ; that thoy aro ponniless out casts and boggara, that tho old homo, our old homo Oharloy, is lost to us, that thoir shares in tho railway and thobank, aro lost, that bills aro unpaid, and that I—' he struokhis breast savagely with his open hand, ' whom thoy lookod to as thoir support havo brought all this ruin and disgraoe upon thorn. Look at mo well Oharloy Pern, J. have done it all.' 'But—' ' ' Ay, you would ask how I havo done it P' Sooking to retrieve losses undor the oursod spell of tho gambling spirit, I plunged with my mothor's| and sister s monoy time after time and I tried to win it all baok this Oup. He laughed and wipod the sweat from his forehoad and his wet, brown hair. 'You stay with us till after tho holidays, Oharloy, till aftor the holy Christmastido that used to be so happy in the old house. It is your last Christ mas visit my dear old friend; you will see us as of old no more. I ' am as strong as most men and I oan slave and toil, but, ohl my mother and my sister, and tho dia graoe of it. And all through mo whom thoy trusted and honoured and loved.' Tho faoo of Charloy Pern was as white as the speaker's now, but for all bis whiteness and his fear, he said slowly and solemnly as if ho had agod, ?' I shall boo moro of you than over. What is to bo dono cannot bo dono horo Diok, lot us go homo.' Thoy rose and wont out and as they orossed tho brightly lighted plaoe, shouldered and oursed at by drnnken men wild with debauoh, tho name Rioharcl Traooy was callod hurriedly. Ho faltered an instant, but his f riond' s arm was linked in his, boaring him away from tlio orios and throes of tho striving oonoourso. ' Como on,' whispered Charley Porn stornly between his teeth, ' thoy have ariven us trial and sorrow enough. Your. mother is praying and watching and waiting. Thank God, you have_ escaped and that I have found you. Diok this is torriblo.' Tho light was filtering out from tho win dow upon tho dark firs as Traooy and Fern walked up to Alfrod Cottago. Traooy onviod the roposo that Beomed all around, and half regretted that ho too was not lying stilled from the trouble that was ooming, and the blank and prospeotless future that was so auroly sottling down. Tho door was oponod gently, and the friends entered with the manner of troapossors carrying some message of sorrow. In tho widow s oyes thoro waa only a look of thankfulness. Aoroas hor old faoo bo beautiful with tho soal of years thoro travelled an expression of intonso relief , antPtho oalmnosa that trial and shadows in the paBt had wrought upon nor oame baok. 'You aro late, Riohard; your absonoo frightened us, and Charloy horo kindly undortook to find you.' Tho words woro uttered in tho lady's quiotost tono and in hor gontlo way, but Porn caught the look of thankfulness and gratitude sho gayo him, and folt rowardod aud proud, notwithstanding tho oloud that was soon to broak. Mrs. Traooy lookol for a moment koonly at hor son's fnco, and roso hurriedly with a now oxprossion on hors— an oxprossion of firmness and of suffering. ' Will you have anything to oat, Barbara has gono to bodP' Tho hand of Mrs. Traoey that rbatod on tho table was trbmbling, though ahp looked so oftlin of mannor and spoko so quiotly. Thero waa foar in hor oyos, arid tho Bhadow of Homo rotuinod pain on hor faoo. 'Mothor,' said Traooy, disguising nothing of tho situation in voioo orlook or gesture. Tho loss disguised that his voioo was oold, that his oyos woro hot and glitter ing, that his faoo was set and pitiless. ' Do you know what I am and what I havo dono P You do not know— how oould you P— that I have boon a traitor to ' you and to my sister, and that I, whom you trusted and lovod as— as only a mother liko you can lovo, havo ruinod you both. You do not possosa a farthing iu tho world, it ia all gamblod nnd gbno ; and this homo ' — ho stoppod for a momont with tho light full on his blanohod 'features, and hold his hand out boforu him nh poi'vtin£,tojt— ''isiqabjo^u/or ovor. that you may be'ouMsts'in1 tho, street [to-, morrow, and, that. .from, the .sorrbyir; dnd miaory of the' ooming ' Christmas' time there is 'no oaoapoP That son has beeiifpr: hours to-day standing on thb verge of eternity. It was not tho fear of : the . darkness that detained1 him. ' Ddath, offered . p'oabo. and' the grave .would hide his shairio. It was ,his mbth'er's'fdoe, as he had known.it years ago. as'ho knows it now, that saved the would-be suioido from the orowning aot of trbaohery/1 Mrs.' Traboy'a lips had qulverod mqre'tha'n onoo^' ' The ' rirint arid falling of hor breast told' how tho words had reaohodher,' but she folt what hor son .would say before he spoke. It was the boaring of a trial sho had borno boforo. Hor husband's face waB with her in tho face of hor son, .tolling a likb',8tery thus pitilessly against himself. That was thirty years ago, and together they had fought tho Ions and won the 'fight.' Once beyond the' bhashvit was'pasaed for ever. The union of the struggle had united- them olosor, arid deepened their love. Often from the bright ness surrounding thom; they had looked baok to that time to see how strength and light were revealod through darkness, and to acknowledge the guiding hand. . And Mrs. Traooy lifted up her grand groy faoo, bright' and hopeful, and filled with trength and yearning.' ' ' , . ' ' Riohard Traoey ia my eon, for whom I shallnevor fool ashamod. . He has erred, he has sinned, but the dancer has passed and the trial has begun. : His mother is brave enough and strong enough atill to face mis fortune, and hor daughter '—her voioe shook and failed a moment,, but she went on. steadily— ',' and her daughter is strong, and braye too. The Christmas days that ara coming may find us in- distress, and thoir brightness may be gloomed, but they will novor find us in- despair. ? My. son has brought .to,me-the gift of his life; '.All that I have is thine.' ' ''.,.? .' Riohard Traoey sat down silent ,with his unaltered faoo. Thoro were: tears in Charley Porn's oyes, but he hid them in tho shadow. That early morning,', when the moon had passed and tho only Bound abroad was in groat hushings of the oonstant sea, Mrs. Traoey oponod the door of hor daughter's room and oame softly to hor bedside. ' Diok is baok, mother. I oould not sloop ; till I heard his voioe.' ' Barbara, myohild, wo willaleop together and together await the light. I am grow ing old, and our night may bo very long.' There were the marks of tears and of deeper lines below her wintry hair. News of the illnesa of Riohard Traoey was conveyed to tho offico, but it was not sus pooted that he waa siqk unto doath of that portion of his past life whioh had endod with the contemplation of his dark departure. He lingered for weeks on tho border land in fever, amongst the piotures that had como to him in tho sporting hotel : and held him baok from passing boyond tho curtain into tho shadows. The air that oamo down softly from the hills to meet the breathings of the : sea, and tho tender fragranoo and freshness itoarried from the flowers and. the forest, woro the bloaaings of tho day, but. the dark-, noes of tho ooming storm waa .lingering and inevitable behind. His homo, his mother and sister had never boforo Boomed bo beauti*. ful as now. The preciousness of the happi ness he had flung away, with reokless hands waa never so. olear , before. Evory figure that approached him might' bo tlio boaror of the first tidings of tho wreok, and his mothor and sister, and Oharloy Porn, knowing all, woro braver than ho. If ho saw a lino or a darkening thought upon his mothor's faco, bittor upbraidings, swopt him liko a Btorin ; and bravo Oharloy had been busy gaining knowledge and asking questions day by day for Iu3 information. Oharloy had found a cottago ; ho had loarnod that Tracoy's omployors wore feeling tho want ocoasionod by his absonco, but of all subjects thoro was no mention of tho fatal Cup day or its aorroundings. As his mothor's hand had supported him by the sea bo many yoars ago, hor arm supported him now, but moro than all hor undaunted heart and hor unshakon faith and trust. Tlio Christmas soason,at least, was tho timo for 'thankfulness j from it tho grace roachod her that enabled hqr to koop hopo and look out steadily oh tho trial. It was tho timo for happiness ' and gratitude, for a gift that was grantor: Mian', all that could bo lost. Why should sho ropino at a timo whon tho voices of angols had swopt tho sky in praiso abovo thu huinblb Bethlohoin and bolow tho Stars ? '' ' ' ' Ono day boforo tho gloamings that wero dazzling and shooting at thorn' f rom thb watora : — ' If I Had but told you all,mothbr, boforo tlio ruin oamo. If you but know my foar for you and tho contempt for ? mysolf whon I lookod at your peacoful faco so beautiful to mo bolow tho ago it carries. To you I owo a second lifo.' . ' ' And sho lookod upon him with 'infinite tendorricss and prido, and said, ' I am glad to seo you moro hopoful aiid strongor for tho coming trouble. The darkness of it ia nearly bvbr, and thoro will comb soon the shining of tho truo light. Hero is Oharloy hurrying down'from tho houso. Ho is' troublod by tho way .ho walks, Richard. The lightnoss and buoyancy Boom to havb1 loft his figure. Thia is tho boginning of it, my son, bo Btrohg.' Oharloy looked at Mrs. Tracoy with an air so unmistakcably ombarraBsod that the lady walked away towards tho bottago-1— maybe for tho last timo sho could 'call it libra — and as sho walkod hor right Was blurrod with tbars, arid alonb sho boro hoi1' biirthon of tho tribula tion. . % '''' ? ?'' 'Dick,' spokb Oharloy,1 hurriedly looking round. ' Do you roiriombor thb riight of tho Oup day wlibn wo walkod through the crowd of sporting inon.'outof tho hotel, and one shouted out your natrib— d'tdll, handsoino man all aglittor with studs' dnd chains, arid a flowing board ?' ?'?'- ;''* ?'??' :l ?'?'?' ' 'I romombor the night but'dimly, Oharloy ; but I rocogniso ? tho ' man you moan,1 lie answorod as a auspioibn'of thb old: blank camo to his faco. Ho mot mo in thb stroot to-day, and asked where 'you woro, itnd ho seomod so indignant that you had not callod on him. Ho gave mo tliis lottor, whioh ho said lib would havo sorit to you long ago, but that ho was not certain 'of your addross. ? Novor mind, Diok, tho soorior it ia ovor tho^ bottor. Thoro is tho lottor.' Ohai'loy, all hot and anxious as ho was, stood for a momont irresolute, but whon ho , saw tho aufforing on Mb friend's faoo, ho too, walkod slowly towards tho cottago. Mr. Tracoy road — ? % '? Sin, — Although that decision of thorn — : — stewards makas you tho wlnnov, I'vo half a mind not to pay. If you don't ohooso for to put in an appoaranoo I'm ?? if I am going to look after yov sugiu', and you tho hcuviost oliiichoi' of tho lot that I havo got. Two-thirds of my Oup prollts aro gono on tho; softest thing I had, at loast I thought so, and it would hov boon, only Pluto ran inside.'.' I novor know a man too — — proud to oomo for his coin yot, but youi I now aorid yo'u a! cross ohoquo for ;68500, nnd pleoso liokno.w lodgo receipt, prompt. I wouldn't hbv gono to this trouble only wo hov dono businoss bo fbi'o, which I hopo is not tho lasti I'll take 10 to 1 on Oboron or 6 to 1 on Sponoor, that's' 'short, onoufjli odds. I know after this you'll: givo mo a lift to got my book round1.— Youvs,; &o.;, ' ' . ,????.?':?????'??? i , Josiah HunniinT. ! P.S. — I hoav you hov moro bots of the samo sort out. D.on't lgso no. .worn, timo annul., ;EiohardTraooyturnoogiady dnd sat down' ? ' to think. i-In the vague whirl of his thoughts' ho rampmborod that as' matters had turned :r put owing to 'tho stewards' dooision- ho1 must '?' , bo ono of the heaviest of tho winners. Tho ' cloud had ho soonor fallon than it waB lifted. ? Tho sorrow of tho trial had boon passod ' through, and it had taught its own moroiful losflon. Tho ' hand that had brought him ; through tho darkest passago of his lifo was , full of gifts, and carriod a warning novor to bo forgotten. Behind tho dark Ohristmoa '' cloud was brightnoBS, and tho cloud was big ' with' blessing. ] j When Trncoy ontorod tho cottago his [ motlior, etartod in foar at his faco, not kriowmg '. what tho change moant. Tho . oxprpaBion that had boon gradually dosorting , him for so long had roturnod, and tho look she, so woll remombored in tho boy's faco on, , the, sands was back again to tho man onco , inorb. ' ' , ! 'tRichard, what — what is — your faco is difforont.,,What is tho happiness and why « tho, joy. that have. como to you.' 1 Said Charley Pern, ploadingly, in tho garden: 'You oalled me your son that1. night, and I. brought him baok. Let me have! tho right to call you mother.' , ... ..*-.; And Mrs. Traoey took his freah strong/ faoo in her white hands, drew it towards her, and kissod his forehoad. 'Oharloy, my. son,'' and there, waa great lovo and softness : in hor voioe, ft my Christmas gift to you will bo tho greatest a mothor oan Dostow. Bar b ara is yours.' . ?'. 