ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. Extremes meet. A man who was suspected of having passed counterfeit coins was reoently searched by one of onr local detectives, who fonndupon him a bad half-crown and a pocket Bible. The counterfeit ooin he repudiated, the Bible he acknowledged, and what iB more, he was genuine. It is said that a oertain individual who wts of a quaiut torn of mind and possessed a tooth which imparted a kind of grimaces to hie witti cisms, went to a leading dentist in town and had the (.Sending molar palled oat. " What is jonr charge?" he asked. "Five shillings.' "Good gracious! five shillings!" q.oth he, " whj np the cocntry a dentist dragged me all round the room by the tooth for bait aa hoar and only charged three shillings." He hadn't had i uongh for his money. This is how an ingenious squatter in R'verina managed to get the better of a buyer not 1 to gether unskilled io the artifices of chose b» ' ug property to dispose of. The squatter had no d possession of a run for some years and had made money out of it, but unfortunately, like many of his neighbours, he had been compelled to submit to the invasion of rabbits, which mul tiplied with such rapidity that year by year his hopes of gain diminished. He resolved to part with bis holding and seek fresh fields for his enterprise. His design having got wind, to him came a purchaser desiring te be shown over the tun. The squatter acqnieaced, but took the pre caution of sending two meD before him, one at a distance of about half a mile, the other of some 200 yards, and so well did they do their work of scaring the bnnnies that only two were seen in the eoorae of the inspection. The purohaser was highly satisfied with his examination, the bargain was strnck, and the lucky squatter soon after eleated out, leaving his former gaest in possession. It b an old saying that beggars most not be choosers, bat it seems that some of that luxurious fraternity think that they ought to have a voice in the matter. An itinerant vendor of cheap blacking one afternoon, called at a hoose in North Adelaide with the request, " Will you buy a cake of blacking ?" The reply teas, " No thanks, see have a supply." The indignant anBwer of the vendor of material for polishing the understanding was," Then do yon enppose that because you have a supply of blacking I must starve ?" This is a new version of "your money or your life" slightly modified. It reminds one of Mark Twain's mule story where a man accidentally killed a mole, and the owner requested him to buy it. The man did not want the dead mule, but the owner, with a loaded revolver, " persuaded" him to take it. TheOity Councillors—goad easy men—little thonght when they made those wonderful efforts of oivio genius, the bioyole by-laws, what a hornet's nest they would bring about their ears; for if they had they would sooner have tied their ears over the top of their heads to shutout the voice of the charmer who persuaded them to interfere with the rider of the steel steed. In the effort to make the bioy diet lees like a phantom they have given him a form and substance they little dreamt of, fcr he has developed solid argumentative pro pensities that make bim rather a prominent individual at present, It is whispered outside that Councillor Bichardson is at the bottom of the raid upon the " men of the whirling wheel," because be b an exoeseively nervous man, and was startled out of hie seven senses by a big bloyele gliding past him like a ghost, which in hb terror he took it to be. Now the bioyolbt may say, in the words of Shakspeare very mnoh revised— "Because thou art nervous Shall we have no more cakes and ale." that is to eay, no more of the |sweeto of silent speed. They soy that Councillor Kiohardson dreams nightly of being pursued by a bugbear in the shape of a big bicycle propelling a Torrena Sam boat loaded witb|Munioipal muddlers and steered by bis own conscience. THE BELLS. Bear the bicycles with bells— Bullock bells. Wlist a world of worrlment their Jangling foretells. Bow they jangle, jangle, jangle, In the solemn hour of night, While the cits, who know the wrinkle, Look thereon with eyes that twinkle With s kind ot grim delight; Keeping time, time, time, In a sort of dismal rhyme, To the tintinnabulation that so very loudly swells From the bells, bells, bells, bells; Bells, bells, bells. Hear those loud confounded bells, Bullock bells. What a tale o! bungling now their turbulency tells; In the startled streets at night, Bow the horses take affright 1 Too much terrified to stand, Or be held by driver's hand On therein. Tis the Corporation's doing, In a by-law regnlatlon In the woeful obfoscatlon of the tense they own ao little, Making laws, laws, laws, With no justifying clause, And a most futile endeavour To be thought serene and clever By the cits who put them in. Oh 1 the belli, bells, bells, What a tale their jangle telle Of mistakes. A moon-faced slavey took a " aitiwation," not becanae ehe " were obligated to go to service; ob! dear no, bnt became she wanted to take leBwna on the planner, and ehe stipulated for three afternoons ont a week that ehe might learn." She refused one otherwise desirable " aitiwation," became on enquiry she fonnd that there was no " piannerfort;" kept on the premises, so doubtless she expected to hare the parlonr piano given in with 8a. a week where she engaged. This unique specimen had no knowledge of ironing, could not wash well, and was not" experienced" as a cook; bat she demanded 12a. a week for all that. Moreover, the fair aspirant for musical honours oould not read or write. The Colonial Begistry Office records would fill a volume of Xondon Tunch. One fair flouncing creature, gaily bedizened, aat fanning herself in a certain "ffioe'in the eity, where a lady went to enquire for a servant, and said she couldn't never think of going where there was four in a family. She left her last place, because they had three in the family, and had visitors. In a recent Police Court case against a barber for Bunday.trading the counsel engaged in the defence took a somewhat original stand and ought to show that shaving was not a luxury st a sheer necessity, He urged that some men were so exceedingly thin-skinned end nervous that it was positive torture tor them to shave themselves, and that nature required them to go under the razor every morning. In pathetio accents he asked did not the best of books declare that "Cleanliness was next to godliness." Here he was interrupted by the eminently praotioal Foiioe Magistrate, who re* quested him to qoote the passage. He declared it was in Proverbs. A brother lawyer eorreoted him by asserting that it was in Bcolesiastes; and the argument ran high until the Polioe Ma gistrate remarked that it was not in the Bible at all. Hothiug daunted, the enterprising advo cate—wbo. by the way, never shaves—went on to prove that shaving was an indirect aid to mo rality, because a elean-ehaven man felt at peace with himself and all man kind, went to Ohnrcb, and had nothing to interfere with his devotion, whereas a man with a stubbly chin might go to Ohnrch for eon science' sake, bat his uneasiness arising oat of the unwonted roughness of his chin and eheeks disposed him to be constantly involuntarily rubbing bis band over the bristly part, thereby distracting the attention of the congregation. This fresh appeal on moral grounds "fetohed" the Bench, and the ease was dismissed. 