Items of News. A telegram received fiom Rockbampton states that a Mrs. Miles was accidentally shot with a revolver oil Sunday morning at Marmadilla station by a mail named John Thomson, and died on Monday night. The Eo lice-magistrate of Springsure has gone to old an inquiry. A case has just been tried at Rockhampton of Warmisham v. M'Donald for recovery of the amount of a dishonored cheque for £372, given by the defendant to Joseph Silberberg in discharge of a gaming debt, and received subsequently by the.platntiff, whichoccupied two days. The jury found a verdict for the defendant, and that he had received no consideration for the money. The eighteenth death from smallpox oc curred at the quarantine station on Tuesday, the victim being F. Southcott. There is a gentleman now in Adelaide who owns a run in the south-west of' Queensland and who discredits the story of the finding of the relics of Leiclibardt. He says that in the place where Skuthorpe affirms he found a tree marked by Leichhardt no such tree can exist, timber of any kind being scarce. Something in the nature of a row is brewing in New Zealaud. The Maoris don't like the rate at which settlement is pro gressing, and they show a determination to oppose it. Volunteers are joining the police force in large numbers, and the natives are assembling; at Parihaka. From South Australia intelligence comes that rain in the far north is generally wanted. The loss of stock has bet>n enor mous, aud unless rain falls within the next two months 10,000 sheep and cattle will be sacrificed. A number of cattle sent to Strangway's Springs with stores have been knocked up. The drays were brought t>ack and unloaded, a thing uever known before. A _ max named Galley was wrongfully convicted in England forty years ago, and " sent out" to Australia. His innocence of the crime for which he was sentenced has been established, and the man has been awarded a gratuity of £1(100 by the Govern ment as compensation. The money is to be iuvested in land in Australia for Galley's benefit. A practical joke played during the voyage of the Nineveh from London to Sydney lias resulted in very serious consequences. One young female dressed herself in a sheet and pretending to be a ghost stalked through the dormitory at the dead of the night, arousing all the girls, one of whom lost her reason, and has been rendered hopelessly insane. The girl has been examined by several medical men, who are determined to investigate the matter, and an inquiry will be held by the Immigration Board. Riots, the results of religions fanaticism, have taken place at Mooltan. The rioters ; directed their work of destruction principally against the Hindoo temples and Alahom medan mosques, many of which were con siderably damaged. The disturbance becatnc of so serious a nature that the military had to be called out; but after a short time order was restored. The Czar has determined to put down sedition in Russia, and has issued a ukase placing St. Petersburg in a state of siege. A chess tournament has jnst been con cluded at Berlin between the English repre sentative, Blackburn, aud the Greruiau representative, Zukertort. Blackburn was the winner. The Mussulmans of Dulcigno, in the province of Scutari, Turkey, threaten to rise in rebellion against the Government they get their grievances redressed. Large numbers of working men are arriving at Sydney by each vessel from New Zealand. The ladies go-as-you-please tournament in Sydney commenced on Tuesday, and will continue each day for twelve hours until Saturday. Miss Phillips did 44 miles and 12 laps in the first eleven hours ; Miss Nicholas, 44 miles and 10 laps; Miss Wallace, 44 miles and 9 laps ; and Miss St. George, 43 miles and 9 laps. Eight com petitors started. It is proposed to open a free reading room in Brisbane, at the Town HalL It is stated that Mr. Benjamin, Q.C., one ! of the most eminent barristers at the Eng- j lish Bar, has been retained for the plaintiff 1 in the appeal to the Privy Council in the case of Miles versus M'Hwraith. Two little girls named Bradford, aged 14 and 12 respectively, wandered in the Three [ mile Scrub, Ddby, after a cow, and lost themselves. Fortunately, they came icross a settler's house, and were hospitably treated and sent home. They were out all one night lu the bush without shelter or food. It is reported that pleuro-pnenmonia has broken out, and is now prevalent among the cattle m the Wedderburn district, Victoria. Since the commencement of the smallpox scare iu Sydney all books circulated by the School of Arts in that city have been fumi gated when returned by borrowers. The agent for the All-England Eleven has received a letter from the organisers, ^stating that the team is now on the vovaee to Australia, via America. The team cofi eists of Midwinter, Barlow, Pilling, Shrews & U'yett Bate,. LckV^d, Peate, Selby, Lillywhite, and Barnes or Gilbert. They play New South Wales team rL 0U, t,he ,9th» 10tk, an,I 12th Decemlier ; and the Yictori iin team in Mel bourne on the 16th, 17 th, and 19th of the same month. A man threw a prooelain vase at a woman named Elizabeth boyle, living in Sydney on the night of the 19th ult.f aud almost and tL S?8e." 1,6 WCnt to the Infirmary, tw 'l medleal officer on examination found !f fleJh.6 11086 WaS y hdd by a sma11 A house in Cleveland-street, Redfern belonging to Mr. George Cooper, has been rendered a complete wreck by an explosion of dynamite and blasting powder, which oc curred at half-past 6 o'clock on Saturday evening. The building was constructed with weather boards, and contained three rooms. The occupier has been employed on the sewerage works at Black Wattle Swamp, and was m the habit of keening SSSltsW: js; -ft a-?**™ ' but this is improbable. By eLf j 6' however, the dynamite exploded Jnea?8» everything to atoms, blowing Holloway's Pills.—A ch*;., for Headaches, Bile W- ^ a c.nra the whole system. They wonderful change in a debiliSSl tnti.m, as thev Create * COnati ^•rrect indigesti„i«, removehilePPr! .irSa-g j 