Entertainments. Professor Pepper's séance of ghosts was again crowded last night, and the audience were evidently delighted with the startling effects pro- duced, and the " Haunted Barber" caused roars of laughter. The groups of beautiful statuary were brought out very clearly on the screen, and many of the representations appeared to be the actual marble statues owing to the great magni- fying power of the instrument used. Being photographs of the statuary, they give persons an opportunity of beholding some of the finest works of the sculptor as they appear in the art galleries of Europe. The views in Cloudland are very grand. To-night the same programme will be repeated, and in addition the " Masked Lady" will be presented as one of the ghostly illusions. The professor can only remain here a few days, and therefore the opportunity of witnessing his unique exhibition should not be neglected. The Town Hall was but moderately attended last night. The entertainment announced was of a very pretentious nature, but it did not come up to the expectations of the audience or of the promise of amusement held out to them. The opening part of " A Tour Round the World" consisted of a series of cosmoramic views of well-known cities, har- bours, railways, public buildings, &c;, in various parts of the world. After that the spectators were introduced to some views of Ireland and sketches of Irish character, taken from old pictures, and with one or two exceptions the photographs from which they were magnified must have been old ones, or else the lantern used was too far away from the stage. The lecturer (Mr. L. Booth) tried to enlighten the audience and explain the views to them, but his efforts to do so were rendered futile several times by the mistakes of the operator. The management pro- mise that the whole entertainment shall be better managed to-night, and that some vocal talent will assist them with songs, in order to make it more interesting, which we hope will prove to be the case. 