TOWN TALK ' A clear flee, a cleau hearth., and the rigour of the game,'' said that famous old whist-player, Mrs. Buttle, and with Charles Lamb's little addition to the lady's rale, '«.m-l clean hands,' we decidedly agree with her. The 'rigour ef the game.' then by all. means, Mr. Murdoch, uniform strictness in such matters helping: much, towards a good understanding ; but for the 'clear fire and clean hearth,' to say nothing of the 'clean hands.' why not h&va;, allowed that rolled wicket ? That little concession if it was not simply & pure matter of common «oor-, tafey would not nave effected the rigour of yonr game much, if you and your merry men are tbe players yen are supposed to be, while it cortainly doss eavour of considerable rigonr towards the other eide» who would unquestionably have allowed it to you. But We suppose your motto is — ** N6v«r ifctow a chance away' — though in this case you have certainly lost one good chance of removing an unpleasant impression in the local mind that the speculation is more to you than the sport- There are otker complaints — no band for the ladies* for instance — but ag you would probably aay, that ig' ' not in the game.' Muaie is not cricket, or at any rate, not crack cricket, atiy more than good manners; and what would people have from crack cricketers who play qgdy for the ' rigour of the gameV aad — gate money? ' Curst be lie who moves my bones ' says Shakes peare ; trat not so the some- time defunct Council of Education, who rather seemed to eajoy revisiting the cumpsei of Pitt-street on Saturday at the poten^ call of their old familiar, Mr. Wilkins. These dear departed eaes, as we suppose ho addressed them, may have been lovely in their lives, and ia their deaths were not divided; but we are afraid the same cannot be said of their poor ghosts. They E(=f:rti, some of thorn, very uneasy ghosts, missins much, the pleasant pastime oC their official existence, and by no means happy or hopeful as to the aucc6S3 of the new system which has superseded them* Professor Smitk, or rather his ofnoialvbade, wa» particularly Iugubrion3. ' May you be happy,' he seems to have said, 'bat mind, I don't think you will be;' while the gallant &ho;«t of Sir Alfred Stephen was much more emphatic, and declared he was certain they wotiid not. The dim shade ofllr. Duncan contented itself witk a pleasant wandor through the past, and only tho still burly Spirit of Mr. Wisdom was found with life enough still to hope that they had left as good men or better behind them, and that all was cot lost even when Cass&r; fell, with sucli a eood Marc Antony to take his place aa Sir John Bobertaon. And so, with a l* few words' from SirWigram Allen's panaive shade, ended thi» latest ' dialogue of the dead*' — not a very noticeable conversation certainly, but, except at a table turning1, one cannot expect ghosts to be. very lively, and with tneee poor ghosts, alas, the tables are torsed. 