Local and General News. Tin (PORTS and amusements to take place to-day are sufficient to make the annual holi day of Queen's Birthday pass over in an en joyable manner. First and foremost are the Oddfellows' Sports, to take place in M'Namaia'a paddock j then the rifle practice of the Warwick Volunteers at tbe butts; in tbe afternoon there is a tea meeting at Freestone Greek; and in the evening tbere it the supper and ball of the Oddfellows, to take place in the Town Hall; also a gathering of Orangemen in the Protestant Ball, where there will be a supper aud speechifying afterwards. At Darkey Flat and Clifton there will be races, at both of which places good programmes have been drawn up, and tolerably liberal prises offered. At Alton the annual treat to the children of the Anglican, Presbjterian, and Wesleyan Sunday Schools will take place- Besides all these, we hear of two or three pic-nic parties being arranged, as also fishing and shooting parties by young sportsmen. Surely this is sufficient to afford pleasure to all olasses of holiday-keepers, and we hope the weather will continue fine, so that the greatest amount of enjoyment may be experienced. "WE ueobbt to leant that a well-known townsman, (Mr. John Gibson, plumber), has been missing since Sunday afternoon, and some uneasiness is felt by Ins friends on this account. It has been determined to institute a search in tbe bush for him, and persons who are willing to assist in it are requested by the advertisement in another column to meet this morning oposite the Court House. His family are, wo hear, greatly distressed at his absence. A FEW days ago, the member for Warwick forwarded a petition to the Commissioner for Hallways, from the.Rosenthal selectors whose land abuts on tbe Stantborpe Railway, asking for a side station to be erected somewhere iu the locality, which would be a great conveni ence to a large unniber of peoplo. To this Mr. Horwitz received yesterday the followiug reply, by which it will be seen that passengers will be set down or takes up on notice being given to the station master or guards: Southern Mid Yfaitera Batlwagr, Traffic Department, Brisbane, 10th May, 1681. Sir,-I have (lie honour to acknowledge receipt ol jour letter of lltii just,, enclosing a petition from resident! and others on tho StAutliorpe Une rc stooping plane at the 178-mlle sidii». I beg to say that persons leaving Wsrviok end Btantboroe can always be set down on giving notloe to tiie flanon Hasten or Guards. I cannot eif about picking up until I see tbe locality, but will do so If potable. Tbe siding Is ap> prraened by curves both ways. Tbe Station Hasten, "Warwick and Stanlboipe, have been advised accordingly. Z hare the honour to be, air, Tour obedient servant, A-. O. Hkkbekt, Cotamisrioner for Hallway*. J. Honrite, Em.,H.LA., Warwick. Wc RKOnrr to have to record tbe death of Mrs. J. Taylor, of Mary vale, and daughter of Mr. John Page, of Dragon-street The deceased bad been a resident of this district for a long time, having come here with her parents many years ago. She was well known to . Urge circle of friends. Her death, al though at the young age of 33 years, was not altogether unexpected. She had been in delioate health for some time, and after careful treatment at her borne and amongst friends in WarwioV, derided to go to the hospital. She did not, however, long survive, but died on Friday last, after a long and painful illness. On Wednesday last there were forwarded by mil from Warwiok to Roma, fifty-two well teed shorthorn bulls, pieked from the herds of 0\. H. E. Chauvol, Esq., Canning Downs South, and sold for the Mount Cornish station. Tb» bulls were fine animals and in splendid condition- Eight trucks were oooupied by them, and we learn from a paragraph in the Bo ma paper that they arrived at their destine tioni all right Another extraordinary nil way regulation was made (mown on this occasion. It is nsual, we believe, when a number of sheep np to and over ISO bead are sent away to grant a free pass for the man in charge. On this oecasion such a privilege was denied, although the value of fifty-two well bred herd bulls was more than ten times that of 160 sheep. On what table this is worked it would be interesting to know. Je tbe calcula tion made by money value or number per head P Wa WODU> again remind the playgoing public ttut the Sweataam Minstrels open for & »hort season in Warwick on to-morrow night (Wed nesday), in the Town Hall. The (peat favour in wlnoh Die/ here been rewired in Brisbane stamps them aa n drat clau oomp&ny;, and little more reed be wad on their behalf than that the Brisbane papers havespoUen most favourably of tliem, as indeed lias the press of Sydney and Melbourne. Aa a burlesque oompany they are "immense." Mr. Sweatnam and Mr. Bent keep the »ndiesce amused by their Jianior, Mr. Oilmore by atop dancing, and Mr. Beaumont Beid, Miss Glendenning, and others by their ?inging. The parody on the " Pinafore opera is said to be one of the mott laughable pieoea of its bind ever put on the stage. From com mencement to end it it highly amusing, and in many parte forces the audience into loud bursts of laughter. The programme appears in our advertising columns, to whioh announcement we refer our readers. Beats can be reserved on applioalion at the hall on the days of the per formance. A PHITATB match was run on tho rmoeoourse 011 Saturday morning last between Mr. John Connell'a Cocoa, ana Mr. C. Clinton's hora?. The race was for £5 a-eide, catch weight*, once round the course. Cocoa Ml ridden by J. Baker, Mr. Clinton's animal being pilotted by Murdoch. Mr. Clinton's horse went away with a fair lead, but was speedily overhauled by Coco*, who exhibited good torn, and came in the wiuner by about two lengths, hard held. I Thk MINISTER for Lands has granted the application ut the people of Dalhv to with draw the Coaranga tanite from sslc by auction. A public meeting wa* held on tbo subjcct on Inst Wednesday night, when resolutions con demning the disposing <*f these lands by auction, and requesting them to be thrown open for selection, were passed. ON Satuhuay afternoon last a runaway pair of horses with a dray attached to tficni created a little excitement in Albion-street, by decamping when opposite the Downs Hotel Itnppcar* that the pace.it which the hordes were going was not sufficiently fast for the driver, and he Accordingly gave them a taste of the whip. This bomcwhat startled the restive Bhaftcr, who began to show its sense of tbo infliction of the lash by breaking into a trot, and from that into a gallop, causing the leader to follow suit llotli liorsca sped up the street at a furious rate until they were nearly oppo site the English Church, where they collided with tbo trees which adorn the footpath on the east aide, breaking the triangular guards. Nothing of a more serious nature fortuuatcly happened, and the driver, who stuck to bis horses 44 like a man," escaped unhurt. Wo understand that he had not taken the pre caution to Jiavo bits in the horses' mouths. If such was tbo case, ho will doubtless profit by bis experience of Saturday, and provide against a future emergency arising from & liko nature, or likely an accident of a very serious nature may result. THE RAILWAY TKNDBRH -1Tho following is a list of the tenders referred to in our tele* crnuis of last Saturday and opened at tho Railway oflice ou Friday afternoon:-Second Sect ion of the Bundaberq and Mount Perry Ilaihrayt2i miles Gl chains : - J. and A. Overend, £133,573 5a 3d ; J. Gargctt aud Co., £129,352 16s 4d ; John Kobb, £127,853 5s lOd ; H. A. BrigR. £125,034 18s 4d ; H'Ncil and Co., £123,127 12s Gd; Hcury Jubb, £117,343 9s 3d. The lowest tender thereforo shows that the liue will be constructed at the rate of £5,425 per mile, exclusive of raife, which may bo calculated at £900 per mile, making the gross coBt about £6,300. For the Burrum railway, sixteen miles in cxtentt the tenders opened were .--Taylor, Blissett, and Collius, £35,201 19s 9jd ; J. T. Annear and Co., £33,570 19s 9d; Henry Jubb, £29,816 11 s Gd ; J. Bashford and Co. t £28,695 9s 5d; W. Hancock. £27.833 19s 8d; M'Neil and Co., £26,686 13s 4d; Fouutain and Co., £25,939 48 2d. Calculating on tho basis of the lowest tender, it will be eeeu that this railway will cost £1,621 per mile; or, including rails, a little over £2,500. A TALENTED gentleman and a consistent min ister of God, (he Iter. J. W. Henry, who, during (be last few years, lias won the high esteoro of his congregation and neighbours in both Rockh&mploj;) and Maryborough, bos, we {Maryborough Chronicle) learn, deemed it advi sable to cross the narrow line which separates the Congregational and episcopal clergy, and take holy orders in the Church of England. Mr. Henry proceeds shortly to occupy the new curacy at Gayndah, and we may congratulate our friends of MJO Burnett, on the erection of their new church, and the acquisition of such a desirable gentleman as Mr. Ueury to conduct tho much-desired ministrations. TUB KOLLY Opera Company have been doing a great business in Roma. They have been orer a week in the town and havo attracted crowded audiences nightly. A FEW of the "lords and ladies of tho soil" - the aboriginals - Lave congregated about town during tho last few days, waiting for their anuual present of a blanket on Queen's Birthday. Tho number, however, is only small aud every year it grows less. Those who arc now applicants for the annual dole are the remnants of what were the Killarney and Acacia Creek blacks. They were a powerful tribe only a few years ago, and some of our old residents can remember the time when they would muster atcorroboree Ceriods in hundreds. Many a pitched battle ave their fathers fought, even since the settlement of the white man in their land, on the Canning Downs plains with the Fassifern and Moreton tribos, as there was originally great hatred between the coast and the Downs blackB. Now, however, they are represented by a dozen or so, and of these some of the younger members show strong evidences of a mixture of white blood. A few years more and the presence of a black fellow bore will be, as Mark Twain would say, almost a rata avis. TRY H. BENJAMIN & Co.'s PACKFT TEA, at ]B JOd per lb., in lib. and £lb. Packets. [ADVT.J BFBIDES TUB fifty *two bulls sent from Mr. C. H. E. ChanvelV station at Canning Downs 6outh to Mount CorniBh last wouk, wo bear that a sale of fifty- four more from the same hnrd to Mr. John Forrest, for tbo Gin Gin station, fo the Burnett district, has just been tomplettd. They will start for their deBtioa* tion during the present week, They are, we understand, woll bred animals, and in good con* dition. I " Enuthios" in tho Queetulauder amusingly I writes-The general public know, of course, i little of the real trials of newspaper men. fn I suoU a community as this, especially during the silly season, when Parliament is not sit ting, they are severer thau the heedless skimmer of newspapers imagines. Hera is a glimpse behind the soeues of the sort of har rowing disappointment that makes us Press men prematur< ly white. One nightthis week. . when news was particularly scarce, and our sub-editor was {going about with his thumbs tuoked behind his braces in a state of leaden : eyed despair, growling at the hard fate that bad driven him to sub-edit a newspaper in a [ country where even a promising railway acci dent was sure to be frustrated uy somebody's over-officiousness, an individual in a state of some excitement came into the office. King lake has told how a Timet editor on duty keeps a number of" crouching tigers" awaiting his signal to spnng upon any object he may indicate. But these London tigers are gorged and aatod with news, and cannot therefore be expected to approach in foroclty the Brisbane starveling of the same speoies, ravening for the barest morsels of intelligence, bix of theso emaciated animals, with quills ereot, prepared to spring upon the new comer who had quite obviously brought the tidings of some deed of horror. But the auli.oditor, not to be balked of his prey on such a night of starvation, pounoed upon the visitor and carried him off to his den. Tho door was open. In tho reporter's room a death-like silence reigned. "Then in a voice monoto nous and hollow as a ghost's" the strange man told his tale. There had beeq a carious acci dent at Gatton. Police-constable Arrell was engaged in grooming Mb horse, which, fastened by a halter, had become restless, |nd rearing suddenly over had broken his ueck. Death had been instantaneous. " Dear me, very dread ful-very, very dreadful I" said our sub editor, nibbing his hands in a manner there was no mistaking, as he bowed hit informant downstairs. " Many thanks, sir, for these sad details; good night. In tho midst of life we am in death. Good- night, my dear sir." Then a great Bigh of satisfied relief went up from the reporter's room, and it was felt Hint constable Arrell had committed n n»blo net of stilf-Bacrifice in rescuing tho morning's paper from utter dulness by breaking liia neck. In spite of tho decorous gravity of our sub-editor's face, a certain buoyancy of gait which had ro plaoed tho formor desponding listlesBness, told us who knew him of the elevation of his soul. Suddenly he romombered that wn had no par ticulars of tho deceased, and a reporter wilr despatched, who caught tho informant within fifty yards of the office door. "Had the pour creature any youngsters P" nsked the bruatli less reporter. " Youngsters f" repeated the other; " I can't say, but I think ho was a gelding." "A-I bog your pardonP" "Any how he ns a chesnut, 1 know that much." " You miBtake me," commenced the reporter, " I mean the poor man who broko his neck Constable ArroII, you know." Then there was a loud shout of laughter, whicb, penetrating the window of the reporter's room, fell some how like a chill nnon everybody. It was only the hone alter all, and no one dared go near tho oditor's den for the roat of Iho night. A liitli: boy six years of ago, naraod rhoruton, resiAiug at Wickham Torrace, HrisJmsjc, <?iod on Thursday J oat frma* rating poisonous red berries, growing in tbe vicinity of liis home. These berries are to be found in all districts at this season of tho year, and their brilliant colour ir a great attraction for children. Parents cannot too strongly im press u|>oii the youngsters the danger of eating any wild berries they may lind. ON THURSDAY fifty-two young bulls nrriyed ! by train al Roma from Mr. Clmiival's station near Warwick. They aro pure-bred Durham*, and liavo been purrhatcd by the Scottish Aut" tmlinn Investment Company for their Mount Cornish station, in the far west. Mr. Joseph Carter, commission agent., received the youii£ cattle, which are described as n fine lot, nnd they were driven out- to Mount Abundance (he sauie day,-Wrsfcrn Star. Thh WAUWICK stable will bo represented »t the Brisbane Knees which commcnco to-day, by two good horses, viz, Otbollo end Decoy. We hope they will provo victors, nnd add another laurel to this district (or sending win ners. The former is under tho cure of tho vetoran trainer Charlos Baker, nud tho other is under thn management of Charles Bugdcn. Both horses are uaid to be in good trim, al though Othello's weak leg may prove a draw back-sufficient time having hardly olapsed to allow it to get strong again after the Blrugglo on tho Warwick course. At our race meeting, however, he proved himself a most game horse, end we should not bo surprised if ho pulled something off at tbe metropolis. The*horscs with Ihtrir owners left Warwick by train on Friday morning last Wo wish them good luck. Foe THE Brisbane Tlacos at Koglo Farm, the entrance gato fetched £200, and tho booths, &c.;, Krought £113, making a total of £313. Not bad in dull limes TMir. JMusGiiAXT ship Z&mora.; arrived in Morcloti Bay, on Friday last, after a voyage of 100 days. (She brings 278 immigrants, viz., 83 domestic servants, 99 farm labourers, 3 gar deners, 2 blacksmiths, 5 carpenters, and 0 governesses, besides 44 children aud infants. A LVOKY WINNEU.-Probably Air. W. If. Smith, tho farmer who took that solitary tickot on D.O.D. in tho totalisator at the Souih Auh" tralian Jockey Club's meeting tho other day, is the winner of tho longest odds ever laid on an Australian racecourse. We Courier are not sure if tho price of tho tie'eets was 10s. or ?1, but we think it probablothat tbe smaller sum would be the figure. W» see by tho South Australian Adverlitn that Mr. Smith has reooived his £636 10*. lie was the only investor upon D.O.D., and 60 was in receipt of 1C72 to 1 against tho horee. It seems strange that of this largo number of investors no ono elso*was tempted by these enormous odds even without any toocy for the horse or any koowJedg&of; him. Mr. Smith had somo little difficulty about his money owing to the machine having failed to record his investment on the winning number. He had to make a statutory dec* laratinn before a notary public that he pur* chased tho ticket directly tho machine was opened, and handed tbe liokot to Mr. E. M. Bagot direotly after the raoe was run. " He also swears (says the Advertiser) that he bad no transactions with cither Mr. Bagot or Mr. Barnard. Mr. Smith was paid his cheque of £636 10s. by Messrs. R,. C. Baker and G. M. I Bagot, representing tbe S.A.J.C. committee. ' In coDaeqncnco of the annoyance incurred over j tho totalisator machine, Mr. Barnard resigned his position as seoretary of the club. Wo have j seen the ticket embossed No. 38, on which tho I D.O.D. money was paid, and which was in Mr. Smith's possession. The explanation of the . affair appears to be that 38 corresponds with 38 which was D.O.D/s number «n Iho card, and as there was only one applicant for a | ticket on D.O.D., the operator either forgot to I put the horse's gilt number below tbe record ing number on the machine, or after the number was put in, it foil out of its place. The horse that was backed on No. 39 was Totalieator, corresponding with No, 9, so that these figures bad nothing to do with D.O.D. The total amount which passed through tbe totalisator machine during the tbreo dav's racing was £10,001." * 