THE SUMMER EXHIBITION AT THE GROSVENOR GALLERY. (FROM A LONDON CORRESPONDENT.) The Grosvenor Gallery has become an art institution of the first rank, and may be said to be the home and centre of a certain and very important section of art life. As a pleasure, the summer exhibition in Sir Coutts Lindsay's Bond-street palace is looked for with much greater interest, and far more keenly enjoyed than that of the Royal Academy, from which, indeed, we are gradually coming to expect but little, and this year have certainly got less than we expected. in the number of those who feel this greater interest and keener enjoyment it would not perhaps be accurate to include the persons on whom Mr. Matthew Arnold has fixed the epithet Philistines "; the self-complacent commonplace crowds who "stare round" at the Burlington-house walls do not care for the kind of art which finds its congenial sense of display in the handsomely fitted-up galleries of the Grosvenor, but there is a large and increasing public which looks for the sort of work that it finds there with a growingly. intelligent appreciation. At the press view this year there was more unanimity than I ever remember before as to the merits of the exhibition, and the general remark was that the Academicians had sent their best works to the Grosvenor. All idea of rivalry between the two institutions has long ago been abandoned ; indeed, I think it subsisted only for one season, and was entirely on the side of the Academy, and the " sisters," as Mr. Gladstone called them, get on together with an unbroken harmony that does not always mark that relation. Sir Frederick Leighton, Mr. Poynter, Mr. Alma Tadema, Mr. Millais, and Mr. Watts are the Academicians who contribute to this year's show, and Mr. Frank Hall, Mr. Herkomer, Mr. Prinsep, Mr. Morris and Mr. Boughton are among the Associates, There are no paintings by Mr. Burne Jones, who is ill, and has, I believe, been entirely unable to paint for some time and this is accounted a very serious loss by that artist's admirers. I must honestly confess that I am not among the number of the latter; the unhealthy sentiment, the sickness, and the paganism of his works are so distasteful, that not all the inventiveness and the fine draw- ing that are claimed for them, and justly claimed, can make them acceptable to me. The admirable system of hanging, by which all the contributions of each artist are displayed upon the same panel, lends to the collection the special charm of harmony, which is so entirely wanting in the Royal Academy, and does justice to the artists' paintings. Each may be compared with its fellows, and the ensemble of style, manner, and motive observed and judged of. It is painful to the beholder and hardly fair to an artist to have the most incongruous and discordant works placed side by side, and made to comment on and contradict each other in a harsh and frequently an absurd and grotesque style, Prominent mention is due to Sir Coutts Lindsay, not only in his character at the Grosvenor Gallery of VAmpUytrion else quit on dine on the present occasion, but because one of the leading features of the collection is a work on which he has been engaged for two years, and one of the best portraits of the year is painted by him. Sir Coutts's magnum opus is " The Boat of Charon," an ambitious and very difficult subject, which the artist has treated with distinguished ability, The composition of the picture, which is of great size, is masterly. On the left of the shore Stand Virgil and Dante, on the right the " people who paused on a great river's bank,' while to the verge comes Charon's boat to take up its forlorn crew. The passage illustrated is that well-known description in the third canto of Dante's Inferno, which is translated as follows: " When, lo, a greybeard, onward In a bark, Furrowed and blanched with old, carne shouting loud : ' Woo unto you, spirits of men depraved, No more to hope for sight of gentle heaven I I come to bear you to far other chores, Into eternal darkness, front, and beat. But when the faint and asked ghosts had heard Ills harsh words' sound, their colour waned away, And their teeth chattered ; thou blasphemed thy God, The human race, their parents?, and the seed That gendered them, their day and hour of birth, Till all together closing in one band, With miserable sobbing, they set foot Upon that Strand trod by all godless men. Charon, demoniac, with his eyes aglow, Beckons each one, or, with his swift oar amused Those lingering ; and-take autumnal leaves That flutter downward from the parent though, Now one, now two, until the branch In bare And all Its Summer honours falling to earth So the bad seed of Adam from the bank One after one embark; poor birds that come Lured by the four tor's call." This curious passage, in which metaphors are mixed with freedom and audacity only possible to a great poet, in which "ghosts" have varying complexions, and teeth that express their emotions, and are fallen leaves in one line, and foolish birds in another (though anything less like a "lure" than the summons of demoniac Charon can be with difficulty conceived), lends itself to expressive, majestic, and pathetic pictorial representation. Sir Coutts Lindsay has succeeded in investing it with this to an extent very much beyond anything for which his previous works had prepared the public, and it was regarded with great interest at both the press and the private views, The figures are all life-size, and those of Virgil and Dante are particularly striking in point of expression. The distinction between the dweller in the shades, removed from the touch of all the emotions which shakes the mortal frame, and the mere visitor from the earth, to whom amazement and terror, with their physical effects and manifestations, are possible things, is very finely shown in the motionless attitude and calm unmoved perceptive, but not observant, face of Virgil, and in the convulsive cowering of the form, and the agonised terror of the countenance of Dante. The great Florentine is made by the painter to realise admirably his description of his own overpowering emotion on the close of Virgil's explana- tion " Villa Bald, the swarthy Both reverberate shook, So that the memory of that alone Usines me in sweet e'en now the sad earth belched Lightning and wind in a vermilion flame, That, with the horror, all my sense j failed, And I sank headlong as by sheep struck down." The boat with its wretched freight, and the terrible boatman, the dark and angry waters, the lamenting creatures on the bank-a very finely drawn figure in the foreground on the right is that of Medea-and the sad earth away in the distance, wrapped in vermilion same, form a striking composition, handled at once boldly and poetically, I have heard the colouring of this work-which may fairly be called a great one-condemned for lack of brilliancy and clearness, but I cannot admit that it deserves that censure. The scene is described as one which the beholders discern " By the dim help of this discoloured light, and it seems to me that is precisely the effect which Sir Coutts Lindsay has conveyed. The portrait which forms his only other contribu- tion to the exhibition is that of his brother, Mr. William Lindsay, and is a fine solid piece of painting. To Mr. Watts the first place in the Grosvenor must indubitably be assigned ; his panel attracts the soonest and absorbs the most. I think I have already endeavoured to give your readers an idea of all the works which adorn it, and which I have seen in the studio (especially the famous Galatea) with the exception of Endymion, "and this, I venture to think, is the most completely beautiful of the great artist's works. It is a ^miUl_nif^arj.__3^_aleei}iniiLjndymion,_a_ and happy dreaming, his dog at his feet, his dark, olive hued face full of rest and yet of fancy is as fine a drawing as Mr. Watts has ever executed. Above him, in a beautiful crescent curve, not strained one atom from proportion and grace, hovers the Lady Moon, a nobly-moulded female form, with a lovely drooping head and sweet lips, which seek those of the young shepherd. The painting of this beautiful form is perfect, and the idea is exquisitely carried out the folds of the diaphanous green grey drapery that clings to and flutters about it are Bca ripples, and the convoluted edges are those of shells. It is very truly said of this picture by a critic in the Pall Mall Gazette, This supernatural element in the design is so firmly based upon qualities of common humanity, there is so much of natural passion in the expression of the faces, such a masculine sentiment in the choice and treatment of the forms, that the work as a whole has nothing of the effect of fantastic in reality." A fine portrait of Miss Venetia Bentinck, hung beside his " Greek ideal" of Pyg- matron's wife, illustrates the artist's mastery of the modern as well as the classical forms of art. Mr. Poynter's " Judith" is a very fine work in every part and point of its execution, a superb drawing, and a delicious example of the force and warmth of the artist's colouring. The dusky Jewess wears an orange head-dress and a turquoise necklace that are marvels of orange and blue ; but her face lacks strength and purpose. The woman we see there might very easily have tempted Holofernes, but she certainly would not have Blain him. In the same gallery with the works of Mr. Watts, there are, besides Sir Coutts Lindsay's fine work-to which I am happy to see that the critic to whom I have just referred accords great praise Mr. Britten's " Flight of Helen and "The Ten Virgins," by Mr. Richmond, our famous portrait painter. "The Flight of Helen is an effective piece of wall decoration ; it is not a work of art, more especially is it not an acceptable representation of a great classical subject. Mr. Richmond must always paint admirably (his portraits are finer than ever this year), but I do not think he has chosen a subject felicitously. He is so fortunate in the reproduction of the real that it is too much to expect him to succeed equally well with the ideal. The grouping of the ten figures all about the portico and vestibule of a Greek palace, under a grey-blue sky, is very elegant and graceful, but though each figure will bear investigation, the general effect is too vague. The ten virgins are ten giantesses; their drapery, though transparent, is too voluminous ; they could not walk in those clothes, and it takes long looking at the picture to find out which are the wise and which are the foolish virgins. With a great deal of beauty and grace in it, Mr. Richmond's picture cannot be regarded as a completely successful one. I think I told your readers last year about Mr. Weguelin's " Vats of Luna," a beautiful picture of the wine-press, in which "the white feet of laugh- ing girls" displayed all the meaning of Macaulay's famous verse. The same artist gives us this year another picture of Roman life, and it is an advance in technical merit upon the Vats of Luna." The scene is a circular hall in one of the great imperial baths. The roof is a marble come. Upon the marble seats are collected groups of citizens. A tight-rope is stretched from wall to wall above the heads of the crowd, and a half-naked female acrobat is making her way along it, balancing pole in hand, as unhappily may be seen in our own towns and time. This work is not so interesting, but it is bolder than the other, and it shows that Mr. Weguelin is taking great pains, The triumph of his "Sappho" at the Academy is repeated by that of Mr. Alma Tadema Roman picture, "Ave Caesar! In Saturnalia" in the Grosvenor. It is a very small picture, but it tells the story with wonderful effect and detail. The drunken revellers lying heaped, in splendid attire, about the marble floor, the serried I spears of the soldiery, the mock Salute of the ruffian who has descried the trembling Imperial wretch behind the gorgeous curtain ; the sea of hideous, mocking bestial faces ; the tiny touches of luxury and grace, the rich colour, the radiant light; all are in the utmost perfection of the style of an artist who, strictly in his own line, has neither a rival nor an equal. The same pretty child who served as Mr. Millais' model for the " Cinderella," which is one of the favourite academy pictures, in the original of a far more charming work in the Grosvenor, named from Camden's poem, "Sweetest eyes were ever seen." The poetical element, which is in general entirely absent from Mr. Millais'works,is present in this instance; the little girl's sweet face is a poem, and the tender, dewy, appealing hazel eyes look out of the canvas into the heart of the beholder. Mr. Oscar Browning sends a clever but uninteresting picture of still life. It represents a brass skillet and a tea-tray, with a lot of fruit, presumably ready for jam-making, a deal kitchen table, and a table-cloth turned up at one end. On the table stands a delft vase, with a very well imitated sunflower in it. There is nothing to be said against the painting or for the picture. The Grosvenor exhibition is less rich than usual in landscape, but it boasts a few fine examples of that charming art. One of the most important and interesting in a view of the city of Oporto, from the harbour, by Mr Napier Henry. The art critics say this is Mr Henry's best work, and it certainly has a stronger interest for the public than anything he has hitherto done, for Oporto is one of the least known of European cities. The effect of the crowd of bright coloured edifices, which have apparently climbed up a success" sion of terraces on the face of a long range of hills, is very curious ; churches, private houses, and fortifications are all jumbled together in the strangest way. The bright, sunny harbour is crowded with ships, and to a query in the foreground a number of oddly shaped boats are moored. It would be difficult to define wherein the extreme " foreign news " of this picture consists ; but it is there, and it is very impressive. Mr. Cecil Lawson's fine landscape in the Academy has a pendent in his " Valley of Desolation, Yorkshire," in the Grosvenor. The scene is worthy of its name, and the picture appeals strongly to the imagination of the beholder. I have already told your readers about the works which Mr. Boughton has sent to the Academy and the Grosvenor, as practical results of his recent art tour in Holland. One picture, which I had had not previously seen, is a gem of the Grosvenor collection. This is "The Island of Marken in the Zuyder Zee" a wonderful study of costume, colour, and atmosphere. This picture is very much admired, more so, I think, than any of the others ; but to me it is less interesting than the artist's characteristic picture of Hoorn. He has painted the stillness of decay there to the life, or, rather to the death. Mr. Watts has contributed a beautiful landscape ; " The Carrara Mountains, seen from the Leaning Tower of Pisa," a work which is pronounced to be " very ideal ;" but such ideals are charming to those who have not seen the real places which they adorn and glorify, and if a painter may not idealise Carrara, where are his privileges to begin and end The colouring of this work is exquisitely lovely. Mr. HaUwelle's Wit- tenham Clumps" is a familiar, but always beautiful, bit of woodland scenery on Upper Thames, and it at least is faithful. Again, Mr. Herkomer, for whose works we look with ever-growing interest and curiosity, disappoints us. His "Atalanta" at the Academy is not up to his mark in one of his styles ; his landscape at the Grosvenor falls short of the eminence he has reached in another. Although one sits for half an hour opposite to " The Gloom of Idvval " (a scene in North Wales), perfectly content to examine and contemplate the picture, it does not satisfy as the artist's pictures of the Bavarian Tyrol satisfy and we find out why when we begin to seek for the atmosphere, to want to walk in that valley, to ascend that mountain, to breathe in that scene. The composition is very fine, the conception is very poetical ; there is everything in it except air. My space is exhausted, and I have not given your readers anything like a notion of the riches of the Grosvenor this season. I must not fail to add, though at the end and in a hurry, that, in spite of her much-regretted illness, Lady Lindsay con tributes .a_few_charming_Iittl9^figute.^and ? n,. i h m ii iiBmi In mi-ww»«urtjiimi'iHi-MMitMUUNM, ?'Ji''»'«»g^UjM«|i»l^»^^ 