GENERALITIES. " Peaches are very high this fall," said a little hoy, aa he longingly gased through a knot-hole of a felloe he conld not olinib. She sculptor Is the man who "eats a pretty figure." Some one says that Hod Fellows are not Masons, although approaching them in their work. A Hew York man recently sold his wife to a neighbour for a dollar. Some men seem to take delight in swindling their neighbours. Hanging a man in effigy is about as much fan as making faces at a blind man. " It's sot yon are, winter or rammer," said the snappish wife tb her drunken huaband. ' "And it's scold yon are, summer or winter," he replied with a malioious grin.— fhtandi Wuiom. If yon want to get rioh mount a male, be cause when yon are on a male yoa are better off. Fries sheep and prize poems are only good— the former to make candles, the latter to light them. At Liverpool, a publican, summoned for having sundry false measures in his possession, declared he only need them for those who got drank on credit. An old man who had been badly hart in a railroad oollialon, being advised to sue the Com pany for damages, aaid—"Wal, no; not for damages/ Fve bad enough of them, but I'll juit sue 'em for repairs." A speculative German haa applied for a patent for bombproof carriages and nnblowupable palaces. He cays that, in this abootiferous age, the gnnuoaity of dieaffected oitizens is full of perirousaeaa to coronated oocipita. (This is a Dutch paraphrase on " Heavy wears the crown who lice a head," be.) An Exawls.—Grandpa—" Hot half a glass o' wine 1 Why, yon're not a ' total abstainer,' are you?" Very BmallBoy—"Oh, yes, gran'pa'— have been for years P—Punch. LITTLK Ann BOOR There was a romanoer, Miss Braidon; Her brain a queer notion she had on— To boil Walter Soott Down to rags In a pot. Then serve lor a penny. Oh, mad 'ua' —Punob. , Lever iued to tell with infinite drol lery the following story of Mr. MeGlathan, Dublin publisher, who, by-the-way, was a Scotchman. At a certain dinner, fearing to. be .made " fou" by the wild Irish anthers and Kiribblen, he left the table, having taken hie fair ahare of wine to join the ladies in the drawing-room. After a time the company heard Unearthly noises in the pantry just behind the dining-room. They listened and they wondered. What oould it be? Were there really ghosts in the hense, as had been whispered in its ancient traditions? But summoning courage , they went ea masse, and they fonnd that worthy MoGUasban had, under the impres sion that he .was going upstairs to the ladies, aaoended shelf after shelf of the pin try, and wasat that moment lying at fnll length on the kicking furiously at the ceiling and sid»walls,-MMa.«oressing the utmost surprise that he conld not 'get Teb Liksxilk Club.—"Doan* sees tu angels of yeraelvet," quietly began Brother Gardner,as the meeting opened. "In de fast place dis am no eort crkentry for angels; an' in de next place yon would be mighty lonesome. De man or woman wbo becomes so sweet an' soft an' good dat dey expeot ebery mlnit to rise np an'fly doan'take at much comfort as folks who feel dat it will be a clot shave (o get inter Heaven. A leetle wickedness pickles a man an' makes him keep all de better. When I trade moles wid a man I prefer dat he should anspeot me wid an intenshnn to make an eben 825 by de operaebnn. When I deal wid a batcher I like to feel dat be will work in fo" ounces of hone far ebery eight onneee of meat if I doan' watob him. I like to have de bootmaker tell me dat American eowskin urn French oelf, an' I am pleased when de sto* clerk warranto fo" cent caliker to wash like sheet iron. De man who am not leetle wicked baa no chance to feel sorry; no nee for prayer: no need of churches. He cannot say to a fellow-man, 'I wronged you— Fm sorry—shake.* De man who neber tins mtkea a poor nex' doa neighbor. De woman who keeps feel in'of her shoulders to see if wings have started makes a poor mother an' a wuss housewife. If you have neber Injured a man an' gone to him an' axed his pardon, an' made np, yon doan* know what real happiness am. if your conscience has neber driben you to prayer yon cant feel de goodness of de Lewd. My advice to yon am to be a leetle wicked—not 'nnff to make men fear or bate yon, bnt jiat 'nnff to beep yon con vinced dat yon most help to eoipport chnrches an' pay dns attenshnn to what de presobers say er yonll be left behin' when de poroheehan starts.—Detroit Frit Fress. A very absent-minded man, who often ashed a friend to dine with him, bat almost always forgot to be himself at home on the day named, meeting his friend in the street said—'"Come and dine with me on Thursday," and added gra ciously, " I will be there."—As Figaro. A Board of Directors of a railway are in ses sion . The means of obviating the frequent ac oidents on the road being under discussion, and a very expensive system of signals having been proposed," Let as see about this," says one of the Board. " What are the average damages for every one killed ?" He is told, and he at once falls to esloulating with pencil and paper. In a few minutes he emerges with an air of de cision. "'Gentlemen," he remarks, "there is nothing farther to'be said about it. I find that yonr signal system for the prevention of aooi dents would cost the Company much more than the accidents themselvee. The question is settled."—French Papir. G an its Without Bthtb.—The hoar for opening the meeting of the Lime-kiln Club arrived and Brother Gardner was still absent. Waydown Bebeemsde anattempt to call to order, but his voice -was nnheeded, and a sort of deviltry took possession of even of the most dignified. The Bev. Penstock, usually so sedate and chilling, warmed up enough to box hats with Trustee Fallback. Glveadam Jones was seen to lay Eider Toots on his broad bsok, and Piokles Smith had a set-to with Whalebone Howker, which resulted in upsetting the water pail and filling several pairs of shoes in the vieinity. Two old watermelons were fiahed out from the wood-box and used to play a game of ball. Samuel Shin had just been knocked fiat by a ball between the shoulders when the janitor opened the door to see what the row was. One of the melons span across the floor, struck his feet, and he would have gone down stairs backwards had not Brother Gardner, just coming np, saved him by a sadden grab. There was a good deal of scattering, followed by a silence thiok as padding, as the old man walked up the hall and took his usual seat. " Doan* expeet too much of men," he said, as he looked around him. "A man can't be a machine no how you kin fix it. No matter bow grey his locks or terrible his dignity, he will unbend if you hit him jist right. De great Oicero used to slide down hill on de cellar doah arter bis grandest speeches. Diogenes had a look to freeze a dog stone dead on a hot day. Brutus was a lion in public, but when he got back to his boardin'- house he was a child who delighted to tie de cat's hind legs togeder and tell de dog to run ber fur an apple-tree. Oato bad tich a frozen look when he walked de streets dat no beggar dar' aooost him, but in privacy of his home nuffin tickled him so maoh as to h'ar de cook fall down cellar. Nero was a ter rible man, 'cordin' to de history of his publio life, and j it as a private citizen he made kites and walked on stilts. I was detained beyond my usual time by de sudden illness of Brudder Kaekabout Jones, who libs nex' doah. Brudder Jones undertook to eat half a peck of plums to keep 'em from spilin', an' I shouldn't be a bit surprised if he foun' it to be de biggest mistake of his life. Let us now puroeed wid de pur oecdiDs.'' —Detroit Free Frees* 