The Stodge Bill has been thn>mio«t by the LegukiiTe Council, sad in tbe' interests of muting we are heartily glad that-R 1ms -met with this troaUneot. Whes the tseasore was first placed; beforcthcCoancil, we neked that ChaJDber «ither to amend it, so that dir&st; > protection, in connection «itk tbe watercpuzigM, would be given to 4he miners, or to throw the bill oat «lto- {stbec. Jb the Comual could act -aee its -way dear to do tbe former, it.' done tie 'latter; and the tbawfcn «f the mining community are das to Ait Heascfor what it has done, for a more pitifnl, .inanlring, or dangerona aaoalwre to .miners was never drafted. Che motives *hich led np to this aesnlt will not perhaps stand the closest analysis! tar the most . contzadictofy caosas- evidently operated in d*e lainds of those members who. were instmmentil in nssiig the biH to be rqectsd. By some meDibers. the fail! was •oondemnnd became it. -'was not SAsaaiie to 4he laadawnear^ by others, because it was not &yoraUe; eno«gh to tie miners. By Bome mesi bers, 4he qaestion was fairly gnipnfl; by others, sit was completely misapprehended. tBy some' members, the faiU was Bqgardst as a sop to fiallarat, Kingatoo, Sme&ton;, vheiai it] was the very opposite of this, proved by^the Ballarat Mmisg Board protestuig ugainst it, and also by the 1 oppodtioa it has received in dieeei colnmns. By others, a mora wide^iread ooBStroctian waspat upon its proviooos. Bat in apite of these contradictions, there was act a member of the Gonneil, outside the .Government representatives, who attempted to defend the hill in any pardealtf. There was a general agreement, thai die bill was fnll of faults, although those in the .acinority thought it might be agceed to with considerable amendment. Zhe upshot of all these perplexities ana that tbe bill was pitched oat; slt2ioagh fey the .very narrow majority the rating vote of tke chairman; and in the whole coarse at its career the Council never acted with greater jastioe or wisebm. For the bill had these .cardinal defects. It did not afford an atom of celief to tfie snining companies while handi rapping them with still greater dangers than tbey are already /yposed to. It did not touch the qnestion of irynictaons. Neither did it toach the qaestioa of running sludge water down the creek, which was, and is, die anlism^ feature of the whole tronble. But it; did this. It went a long way towards restoring the riparian, or riverbank, rights of die landowners, It affirmed, in spirit, that lsubowmen would hare a grievance whenever sludge- water discolors the' water running by their holdings, or the sediment, which such water conveys into those channels, affects; however satfl, the width and depttr of those watercourses. In short, the bill was simply a measure to protect public reservoirs, and to encourage land-owners to worry mining companies for black-mail, and inataa^, therefore, of legislating for the miners the tendency of the bill was in exactly the opposite direction to what is needed. Xt is quite impossible for any sane person, who knows anything of mining, to discover anything else in the lost Ml; said die more closely its pcorisioQS are read the more will thia coamctiaa or theory be strengthened. It .is an excellent thing Cor mining, therefor^ that the ^ Council Mu* thrown the bill out; and jjse should not be at all surprised to tuar . " ._ suoh places as the Ovens and Gq^dand, to ds h»or to iAri hu hqpBuei' ^The rejection of the bill leaves die amira in thii fHi'wi—that theyJcan only be, assailed for thdr sludge or sludge-water on common law grounds, and before the ordinaxr tribunals of the land, with this advantage on their side, that riparian rights cannot be pleaded by tie land-owners, or af all events enforced, to asmil the pockets of;.the minen,ortojratasfa^> to dteir opem^ dona. , minecB have also d^S, farther advantage. They need ao£ fear ex parte injnnctions, becaHBe tie <Bnef gw&BB; has laid it 4own that the 8pp«M Court mil not grant is: jftncdoni of tliis sort to throw number of sua out of emjJojmuqt Sext, therefoe^totheHllheingsbjar _ to clearfy define: ; the rights and privileges of minen to izBe the watercourses—which we .-.have sbown over aad over «nin be da^'widi^doaig 'iaSf^^l^i^ jtulacefiB bad-owaen—thelwst co«Me ^aa-beni^Brsned by^e^Cotu^wfili -dae lan. It boa thrown it out; Mid there is not a miner in die land w|>o should not be grateful to the OocuKQ to taking thk stop, whici is founded opon right aad justice. For the bill did notd tuetfae i«ytoiiBei for die djadfiige of dtsu-sladge-water, stieidaii«to& difficrities to-die troablea «^ii£ tib^ ttojBBdme. Sadi s t to omaa T3atholn. children being eduated %part feo^yg^oteaUnt drildreo, eoairse, in hay^wiiBn, the wnaratsos f the sects in youth a calcoia'tad to prodoce great aocial evila ccordingly, he vaa a strong supporter of the Education Act of New South Wales; and because he had displayed this enl^ttemed mini, the priesta declared hua recreant to their oocimunion. So far did they carry this prejudice, thai when the piot of the churci, which be had attended when alive, wasaskol to perform the burial service over the body, he refused to go, because " the onf ortanaie nun had lost bis sod," and, therefore, *e suppose, the church would have nothi^ more to do with Wrm. The result w«s that Mr Fttxpatbick had to be buried without a priest «t all; and all that was dOne was the reading, by a private individual, of a prayer et hia funeral Now whether Mr Fuzpatbics has '"lost his soul" or aot, by supporting an edocadonal sjahiui which provides for religious instruction, as that of Xew South Wales does, a higher power must be left to determine. Butof ehe execntble taste aad pernicious despotism displayed by (he Catholic priests in this ease there oan4ie no posable question. The £duestim Act -of New South Walea nrakes no sUsrV. either -direcdy or indireaSy, upon the Boman <Tatholin religion. It oopplies the priesta with every reasonable oopportunity of biiig their-young the religion rf their sect, because ammgemente are made at the schools for the purpose. Mr E^?zpateick no more, therefore, violated any. canon of the church hjr what he <tid, t^an <k> the priests in Ireland by eodpniiig the national system -of education in ttet country, and attending at the school buildings at a tine when the privilege^ of tetrhing the young of their own sect is allowed them, fie hadsimplyexpresaed his approval of a>eystem wbich is aapotaoned elsewhere try the hitter authorities of his choach; aad he did thisaa nadi k the-iBtweata of theBoasan Catholic young—«s in moat parts.mt New South Wales thsn am no other schools for thereto attend—as for the; benefit ol alt the rest- of the rising' generation." To aefoae a man like thia the "last offices -of the church" wafi, there&we;, not only to duplsy the worst of taste, but also ito assume a dictatorial attitude towards the laity whieb no argument or precedent could possibly warrant. It was an affiont to the dead msif-s remains; it was a scandal to the diloef; and it win an inault to every person in New'South Vales,. no matter vjiedier. Boman •Catholicism or Frotestaatism was his » ligien. It was also defiant of the Boman .Catholic Church at its (fountain head, for we never hear of soj European statesman belonging to the' Boman Catholic Church being refused its "last *ite% n because. he believes in secular education, or even goes st far as to handle the Jesuits «ut for tlieir in triguii^g conduct, l^ie .Sydney episode is really a very discreditable one to the priests concerned. But & should make Ike Boman Catholie Uity of this csflony open their «yes to the advantages which our sefaools afford, in. tbe way of edso&tg; their young, for the better thdr djtidren Are instructed the less likely will tbay be, in after IiC^ to' submit to pi * domination *t the Sydney type, to be espoeed to Baeh oatrageous bcttooit It sboofd ..also, teach Protestants the neetaHcg of; keeping the land <of priests whfc& these, colonies contain stcictly in their proper plaoes; Cor it is pUb that if they «rer got the upper hand, there would be DO end to their interference anJ AaA^g We don't soppon tltewoloftbe late Kr Fitzpatbxck is ons bit the worse for what has occurred. . JJut-a. great winng has been done im this CSae, by jit the la^islature, through hu remains, and the Roman Gstholiea in New South Wales ought to do something to made their sense of the offenders. We have already said that we have not tbe least ol^ec&on; io the subject of free-trade and protection bong fully ventilated, either here or elsewhere; so that all the rubbish flong at us yesterday morning, for what we wrote on' Wednesday morning last; goes in pure waste. All we object to is, toa&een; l s e b trade dpmonBtration, being got np in this town, becpaaeitisneither jittd^ed: by <arcumstancea, aorin harmony with die feelingiatthwesidentBof dascenfae.^ The inhabitants .of this town have largely benefited, and still largely! benefit; by the protective duties, as evinced by the various manufacturing industries wWck aure going on in our midst, and moat of which have been carried on since 'pjotFWtion was fiist introdw^d huei and as All,- bot »Lfcstrr^ad feee^radea, fully reocgniae and esteein AaseJMs.ve object, to any sa^ioonof Ballarat beiog uniarouaed fcj Alev in&vidBBk; to reaiiae aii ultMi&r; purpose: But if die freetrados \- have «ny ervidenoe to give lxfine^Sie Tu^ tJomimBBOo, or uy 1 which dtie^ require to live jnp, >y all means ^{bem do both; and If Quy adhere to fiicbi they may depend .upon it .they; will not receive any" Interference from dik JtHirn^L . B^t if .we find that, exaggerations ^are bw^Wulged in to bolster up asto^ ud rotten^ause, then, sit oouis^ .we dudl htve »niething to sayjontfae other sde, and that somethiBg. will be -put in' ao>minang tnrnijirtr |iiipa|iii fur|%iL theretoiii, aB^ e>ta'dj(l<iA> ^aihis subject'; the^tnrf^'oVeraiewater s>q>ply tf^enle CivBkUazKt, Tfae Education <paestao^' the .£oer qnestwrn, die Sludgi question, and nearly every odier subjeOt|M»a torched, stay depend.«pon it we shall give in to no other conditiens, . But we ritust l^y ilown pff* obbe&tzaders; are pit in de«wl, aad that is that mining is not tooa^it under contribution by the faee^odess itb further their objed; or to give undue we^ht to the testiiDony which tiiey derire- to furnish. For den 1 ''' J was a^greater putrilge sqwn truth raitted than to aay that Is not an Mta^e used in ihe „ diatis^^^ibe^>er-'tt»w .-ttai' m when freertrudesraain vogue; protective dutio; by creating local " dustries of die bid, have W r sbout' this reduction in favor of consumer. Moreover, there are i arddea used «t d»e mines upon < the protective duties fall, thati would. juAJMaug^ benefit from cha tnge if protei&oo;' Iras' awept c" to-iaorrev. On the otl»r hand, lnr>iwilie»'fc>l|iitf 'to steady dw f of dw minen laige quantily of labor S| odiK pursuha. |Gning kaa |}ao wo^capita|E|o its aid %die pros*scity, whiAhasfceai called forth protection, in our other industries. It will be a wrong, therefore, far the freetradecs, who are striving to get up a Lwahade caae far the "Tariff Commission, to bll bade upon mining to make out that case. It will be wrong, because p»»n»"g can supply bo evidence infavor of sach a. proceeding, In this in-hand; and pny attempt to weaken the one would be prejudkaal to the other, because tbe two interests are lanr ntiiTly inter - dependent Hie free-trad era. therefore, when looking up evidence for dtfOommiaaBun^aatlpavgaainingalmn; because, without exaggerating facta, and inventing inferences, it will supply them with no pabulum for. their ends Outside of this they can do what they like, within fur bounds, for all we care, or for any im&secce; which they are likely to exercise upon what the Commission has been appointed to consider. Mr C. H. Orr. aaaaataat statioamiaater at tbe Western rail any station, met with a alight aondeart yeateniay. It appeared that he was in tke acS of deaoesding the steps at the aaallmn aide of tbe station, wbea Us foota&iyed;, and the vcsalt was that kef(Si down my beavSy « the ground, Uietebj aslaaajs—lyimaiy to one (A tate, and a la^e «at«a Ms left bsnd. Mr ©rr i linaiBrtiJj %ad hb lajariea attended to, and we are ^ad to say they were sot of aaA* aerasns uatore as to compel bim to fcate hia A aimiing <f geoUemeu eametaianfii aaniaf jsoksilz in the district was convened for last evening,' at the Unicorn batet, the abject at the conveDerabeit^ts amsgeaome mcthofiofayetematmnff tbe ofejtctiaia to be raised toDn -duties which at pieaent were held tofcqnSdiSf affect tbe wMtHig Indoafay, the argnmmta in futr tt such dstiea, -view of adanttiu die same <irtllMS.»iJl».rii» rJ A.Tinft^.n.^n. MrSeigeaiit, vbohad mnenel the TPme rhial. to tbe nine gratirmm wheattended that he^idoiot think aucb a aaaaX codM vail take upon itself ts appoint sotlnui "to Iiinumut the miceng in the diatrie* t»j>rfrae the '—i Since the (cam mast-interested ahowed aeSHtle ctsi- «en4M9^«Hritev : belMiidaasdaat Bhere poaatat: the it tt«eb' anoffiffit mthe' aaaw tbe Tariff Conuuaaioo, and the Mnlsted questiooe the<bmi "contained. 33w-meeting seamed to Agree with Ur Saqaast w thesabject^ aadthe^eatle- SMtinMMhi diaperaed. 1 " Tbe^Beee-af^tiarp 'practice aliased to in •sar'jreihwsday'a woeaa bniif ben frac- tina atthHSara^ on tbeprevioixi^^, with •reapaet io Hqfcorn Home Faddock abates, led (u aoane aery nncompUmentary canHsfcs yeeterday on ax^ioa of some prrssw who Wtsmnhprf tfae'tdse infarmaliw 1 — {M to otiiaesirfDRXDgspIe^ widest aaan-Snoe the actual reanlt of tbe Bame -Ootqpauy wis known paitiai seOiqg the sharea. One refnaci to take sharea fcosafet hj dam VBtSii inveetigatcon vras made'into .the r- J t*— haeiiig been iaKHght beioae the BoyjJ Stock ehaag^ was referred to a committee of to- A yoaag sua aimed John Carroll amtoiyesterSw eseaang, about fireo'dodc, by ConateBe Onirt <on leave fan*.the uasUji far hehanqgSB a inyibalnaf and disordady manner in the street iaBsT hat Bast. Osxroll wm lodged in the lockap.ai»d wifi he dealt woih to- day. A testaiasiw «f the eataoa ia whichHr E. X. Hopkins, KjL. is hdd hy the popile at the Ballarat <3eH<eewaaafciawn on Tuesday last; when the estricelatBd and psxt-matri calated mstr atnflanta pgaeated him-with •veiy handama aaerarhanm pipe and acca aonee. Haator A- Bad made tbe presentation, and thaakoi Mr Hopkins on hebalf of himadf and tcBow-stodeota tor the painstaking aad fciad aamatanrwi aliiwn towards tbem in thrir stodita on'all oauesiuus, sod m trusted b woald loac'aoolznae to -be their saide, inetractar;-aad friend. Kr Hoptina feelingly thanked fak papili for theirvaln- «Ue present, aad.afteraUiidiogto the satiafactoiy ifork done at the college, eoncladed *T hoping that the same ooartooas end] lewanly relatiaos woald . exist beta teacher sjid stndenta in the future aa bad been shown in tbepast. •Tfcaaimud distributioB of jprina ia^on- •wtioa-witti the Ba&ant; C6Deoa waaheld pitetiijr sfterooan .in tiie Academy of llatie. Xbete -was a reiylai^a atteadaaoe, aad the Ber. Wm Headsnoa pnaidsd. Ctsst inlwrlt was taken it the proceedings, aad the wiuul report snhmittpd na of a vnytavsraUe character. ArepottwiUbe Aeahtaaa wand John Haat was finedOi 6dand3aU eoata at the Sebwtopol Police Court ^artradqr far having left hm hone in a paUic street without controL Oaostahle Qnilter acted aa pUinb^ and Ueerra Lackie, Dinkinaoa, aad Hngba^ J. P., occapied (he bench. A taiga onmber of rats and a small umber, of ummportantdebt caaes were also lfdlvu: ' ' ;"• As CbiMiuas Day thia year ia ou Ssnday, aoie aapertuntj- exiata amongst .Balkxst uytojwnapga^gydsas to thahriidays to e ,otnenrpd. b w t t p d M Sndsy ab offdn^&vorsbottiacupdnthe; "ay andTaeaib^SiaenaUing „ to be viritad. Ihe Drapers' Unicn^ 'bong the caoly inaSteted body exiatiaCto^iQD^inatteruof istenA,<nght tosskBanaqgaaasats far aettlmgit, «therw aowo inoouteuieime will arise.- ' The great ancceaa which bps attended the : Bagiirte Fayre," aow.opan in the; Hdboume town hall, baa led to ^.atron^y saaed wiah smnigat our local residents .ve»ana3ar nertacto aad huaar In tbe d Hall, which is admirably suited for die parpoae. It has been "wagnsted, too, thatjill the materiali forming Ae abeet of theTBiiahwffisn period, now erected In the metropolitan town hsU, coold be procured for the purpose on reasonable terms, and ss tba awvoaan* ia aan to be a «ocoeaa, the funds might no-towatds raising a BaQsrat achoUnfap -S the MeBxmrae Univerai^, sesss edycatodiB .the IMlsrat The reVame <ffl4fer of &Ssadiire; ' |Ur SUia) anade a Isnesmcra of wim^suirita, sad-beer at^hmtodXsanooe^Mte, thatketoato fitease, it istileg^ ^Da 'the otiier baoS, 9iat no snefa Iioeaiae wMSver iaaoed. TbeStam againat Rowtaa wiflecane bc&sx.-the; Gcrdoa Folbe OofutJ^dsj. . A couiwuaont waa opened in Christ Cknmh 8«md^ sahooliastnight in aidtf the Ladias' tWorhial Aaaji-iatioa. Then was a very fair ath mlanim fiotwithstasdii^ the " oouiiter ^tqkctiaDS. Sone ezodlent md instmiBMWtal rnnsiti.was. randane J dae -ntfnHto chofalusflerttg ^rnWdhflnpof Mr afei Xearisr^Afew .nsefol jSe^atT' Tbewo^sa^e^ b f ^ ^^a^R!-^ •Aeqpeed at tha Sdml of has ifcOTrnsAUems jaulkiaaty ia dsctric^. ohcmisizy, and like adeibta,to entertam the aadiiwr The fTprrrmantai ahoirn cy tiua Mttnaasan very nfastiagmiead, giving time preseat sons or how mtereatiss a atody Aenrtn ia. Se proceedrd to born several nibst&cea.; aadi as aplphnr, charooal, and nbaspbttus, tc., in oxygen gas, sad m brightly did tbeee burn that it Suriydaided & eyea to look npoe them. Mr O. L Olden waa thai called upon, and amuaed and ^inabucted the audience by several experimenla m cbwmsfay, aot the least intenstiag of which waa a teat showing the solubility of ammonia gas in •r*~ These experiments bang concluded, a of thanks ia passed to tbe gentlemen who bad ao ably afforded the ensq^a entertain- : — ment^ and after the minntea of the meeting had been read and confirme anil la^nl UngWMllsnnghttnm tillllliliatioa. We may slate that, owing to die approaching holidays the pert utuiling will aot be held until toe 11th January. 1882. Some explanation, perhapa, may be afforded of why the COanal rejected'{the vl^ae makeTfrcwn a (^rijSfpjW!— "'It haa jmblnahingly and keterofiemomlf been aet forth by one of the paiasitas of tbe "gnat Conservative organ'that the mining companies have gained all they asked for at the ootaet by the bill as It now stands—the right of entering upon private landa and con stractins such works ss they require being Toodamd. This is a pun fabrication. That word " heterophemonaly" must have aetUed the whole business, by dborincing tbe Cosncil of the nenssitj of rejecting the A youth named Joseph Billing sustained serioss injury yesterday tbroach the baiting of a team of three horaex, which, attached to a drag, be waa aboot to drive oat toDaykafimL He was driving up I^disrd street towards the railway station, .when the faone bolted, and he foond hinndf rniHt to poll thsa up. Ifceydssfcsdap fee street when,* nearing tbe Hew Oeaieteij, Billing was thrown from off the drag; out on the mad. Toy plnckily, however, be stock to the reina, and tin bones were prevented from gSttin^.away altogether, bat 1 some httle mstanee along the time two -young-'men, iieKa iiausctiii|j Shirrs and Watt, employad at Cobb aad Co.'e, started in another Wade after tbe runawafs, and came «p with them shortly after Billing had been thrown oat of the drag; -lOey inaiiaged to stop die Ixna, and finding that BtPiag waa. ssvatriy in. jnred, tbcydmftbaaleaatBtisAqtat The flacky, .fait niifortnuate, yvang vlqi np became the reins, fasmas feean . newly washed, kept slipping oat of hia The prompt aad d well-directed well-direetBd action taken by Shirr* and Watt prevented the accident being more serious, and it was found that the drag and horaea were not injured. *n<« d oonrageous behaviour of Mliig was very: favorably commented upon by those who observed it, and the action taken by the other two waa also greatly praieed. * Some particulars elicited daring the tnsring of a case at the Town Court yesterday, showed a state of juvenile depravity tint could not well be surpassed. Application waa made for the ol « child named Joseph Boldaa, five weekasld, into the Industrial SchooL The mother ab9 grandmother of the child appeared in eoort. Sergeant If'Failsad said the mother waaaixteen years of age, and the father of the child waa a boy about the' aame age, 'who had no awaits of auppurt wliateaar. The grandmother of the child had eight children— another of whom, besides the mother of the child before the court, waa a mother. The age of the mother in thia aecood instance was only fourteen, sad .the father was another lad. The house the whole family lived in was a wretched concern, and there was hardly any provision for their soste. nance. Serecant M'Pariand said that he considered the mother of the neglected child half idiotic; but if the ch3d Hedf was disposed of, perhape ehe would be able to obtain a situatiouss a servant. The beijph said it was disgraceful to aee theee children foisted upon the State in such a manner. The child waa the|i ordered to be aent to the Industrial School for seven years—that anner of diapoaing of the esse being the only one open to the magistrates. - Mesas Chse. Robertson and Thos. Obnroy : have just cause of complaint for the'manner in which they have been treated by the Benslla Warden's Court Having applied some timesince for two lessee under the title of tbe Early Morn and True Briton Extended ret pec lively, the two gentlemen named were summoned bytbe warden's clerk from Ballarat to Benslla on. 4th Nov^nbsr, -rlien the application was announced;, for earing; but, on arriving at tbe latter place, : war' ftmnd that Mr Warden WMtt, instead of bung in court, wssat the Melbourne Cap meeting. Their journey was, tha«fore, altogether l06t, while the expenses ofthe trip alone amounted to something like £10, irrespective of tbe loss -of valuable time. Having been again informed of another oourt on the 18th Hoaeiiiber, Missis Bqbertaon sad Ooaroy were opmpeOed to proSed a aecood time to Bensfls, when the sMi&aitions; were heard; but it isaltogetho- toobadthataiey rtKmld e at die basf money ao3 -time owing to snt of proper arrangements on the part of be warden or bis dsk. Wo In si a ail hat Meaars Bobartaon and Cooroy have aplied to the. Government to ba reimbursed The committee appointed to collect *a?d istribute the funds raised for the benefit of rs Goad, of Smythesdale, a widow, wb boom was burnt down about ton ilqi a hMe wunhssed^aboiise for bar close to one wuch waa destroyed. Tbe bouse be handed over to the widow shortly, together with a few {Xftinda, which will be of use in )arMyn>planng the furniture, ftc.,destauysd hythefire. At the meetSig of the Gqpivaieshire Council yratardsy, the ,<^gl»cr,.''Wss m- stroctod to prepare plans and sped&cstioiis; for a bridge over theSmythea Creek, on the road between-. Ballarat snjl l^atoi. Tbe when tin oomusl decided that die {dans, ahonld bej^cparedtor abridgeatthe Black HHI.^Pesiag, iam in'uw; in pnUeao* to' tbe site previously chosen,, wbiah: is aboot half smile further-down the creek to the 1 south; fee newly-electrd uwrnbe^Coancfllor Birj^ remarking that the o^nion of dw! majority of the rafaapayeis wss in fsvorof having toe bridge at the Black H3L ! Tb«' 'tiisft vAi^.k^Wm eunk by Mr Mitdden at Skipton, to foirtoer develop die seam^rooB^ Jbund dw^Ts -aown SffTeeW and fim<lay . 1jpt8^w Jiif character to thtf overlaying the seam in the first shaft haa instbeeu strati in the bottom. ? Thfere-is a little water comiqgin, but not aofficUt to delay toe wish. The rita of the daftis siiout W yaids&CTn; the feat cos to Sqath, or.down the cswk. : ; " Tte imMMl ersmrnstVin of teaobers in the '3t»te r schorfswgre conimeuued stlhe Orabal Trsiaiag Sabool Ka. SV ysstetdsy; " Inspectoia Holland and Soaasons pissiding. The two aubje<^ of arithmetic snd EqgUeh a were taken. 3%e unmlDatioti will to ressmed b>-daysad.oo Saturday, heJd inthe'tfecfaaniea' fastis t in aboat £900 beisg ptaoed totheaeditrfjhe tend fur liquidating the debt on the Mahop-. pahuTs^IapSidia result for-thor exertions must btMyia produced the grestest men." tin opened the detah by 1 _ affirmative, and ahly 'smmffled to Memo B. Q- Bichaidi, C Smith a.Davidson, and W. Hcsthnae. The other ode was upheld by Men W. S. Bkssdly and J. - Varty, " Tbe sum of £95 was of the GmnHaisn the charitable vote, <a the motion of Oounollor Bennett, and- was divided as follows:—Ballarat Hospital, £30; Benevolent Asylum, £20; Orphan Asylum, £15; f daUahaad linloa Belief FOnd, ale Bdief Fund, £5; Blind Aayhim, £6; Deaf snd Dumb Asylnm, £5; Eye and Ear ^fnhnm £5. Atthe board meeting of tbe Wasbhgtoe Oii'lii) 1 yesteidsy, Mr James 1 snilkation for compensation by hia land ban^mjand by sn overflow of sludge from the xaixuaee Qeek, came on foroonnderataoc, and it waa reaolead to refer tbe matter to the other The guillt mm of the committee of toe OW" 1 Bazaar, recently held in the Mechsnisa^ Institute, to. mark the splendid result of the affair, formed them haQooanmittre, snd gave—at 1 pease—a fasfl to the ladies and genthsnec who bad aausted in makiDg the aflsir tbe great success' it Thia .fiadzvitr took place in the CSty Hall last subt and greatly to the pleasure of the ladies snd gentiemen who bad-been invited. About seventy cocplea sttrndwl, and in the assembly hall, ariiich bad been very prettily prepared for tbe orcssim, dancing wss Commenced shortly brfore-mae, and kept np nntil a raretally SRanaed ptofftamme of dawrea had been negotiated. The mnsiral incentive to ducqg was contributed by dw band Of Mr S. Schmeder, which discoursed excellent music. The supper was provided by Host a Walker, and its rrarilenne was site sled by the company. Besides the lay gentlemen, a number of the R.C. clergy of the district were present The toilets of the were, a aa's rale, *veiy effective, and few displayed more than amnal splendor.- Tbe festivity passed " off very ^esssndy, forming an enjoyable entertainment which will famieh znemoriea to all present at it, wbeu the matter of the bazaar is alluded to snd recollected by them. Wa sue jeatetihy shown by Mr Una tbe umbrella which was strode _ _ at_ Talbot during the recent storm - whilst being cantod WlGa Andrews, who, it will be remwsnereu. wss abo ixijnred by die electric Said. The umbrella presented a very dilapidated appearanoe, the .doth having teen burnt away in several places, tin handle siaasked,sadsomewtrestowhichthe dloth was attained broken, ooe of them lanutsd a Small bete' {qpbad through it. ilr Davix baa recdred^tbeumhrdla from Mr Andrears, Ins brothepin law, for the purpose of forwarding it to the School of Mines forscien^ ti&Cpmuoses.; Mr Cwxtoo, auctioneer, disposed of the Mount Greenock Freehold Estate on Wednesday by anctimi.' Tbe competition brisk, and the property,' comprising acres, wss ultimately knocked down to Mr King, on behalf of Mr Samuels, at £4. 15e per acte. Mr B. H. Walker, of Haddon, has been invited to come forward as a candidate {or a seat at the Mining Board, in the place of Mr J. H. Webb, who, His rumored, a Hkely to retire from representing the Smytbes division., Mr Walker has consented, aad will t* v * ft^AA npfnst all ffmwii At the USDS] meeting of the Prince Albert Lodge Good Templars of the World, held last Wednesday' evening, the committee of the nnited picnic, to be held at the Botanical Gardens on Monday, tbe 26th instant, reported that 500 tickets 'for dinner and tea badheen printed, and were ready for distribution, Mr M'Kanie being the caterer, five races were arranged for, several members promising handsome prims and donations. It is expected there will be a large number of competitors, as much interest is being eriaeed by young aad old. Aa the drinksHes will he of a refreshing and tootof an inebriating character, the picnic is expected to be a pleannt and enjoyable one. - The following , item appears on the additional estimates of expenditure for. 1SS1-2:— To recoup the Bsllsrat East Council balance of'kisn to theehireof Bongaree on security of tolls, which were subsequently abolished, £132. - s have receivedfrom Mr J. Harrison, mnaicaeller, Stnrt street the Cbriatmas sumber of "Gleo'aMusicxl Cabinet, "containing new snd popular songs, ""•Vijipg "Never take, 'die horseshoe from die door," "Bemember or forget," "little Widow Dnnn," te This is certainly sn excellent number, and should findready aale. A correspondent sends na an extract from thejimeriaa suggesting that asQiristmsg snd New Yost's Day will Ul this seaaojj on Sondaya, exenrnon trains should be run on those days on the railways. * Tbe usual weeUjrtaeeticg of tbe Brown Hill Matnal Improvement Association waa held on Tuesday evening; the president, Mr Taylor, ia the chair. There was a fair attendance of members Tbe entertainment of the evening was elocution snd an easy from Mr Kdly on "The good of revival meefanga." The msiyiiit dealt with his subject in a vfcry attractive manner. After the essay had been thoroughly ifinrnmcd aad \- We have received die followingpublications.—"The Tourist's Sportsman's Guide to the Gippsland lakes and surrounding counby," published by Mr WntA^,' J? Mdbonme; sjso " Electric Lighting." by Mr B.S. J<aB^,puIiid«edbyiSiBrs - Bird, and Oo , of Melbourne. Meesm BoUnson snd Cullen, of Geeloog, b a • w H a repott 'the sale by them go Thursday, the 15th instant, of tbe station known aa Commrralghin ^onaistoig of lS.855 acrts of Mehdd land, to Messrs Alexander Boyd and Band JiSfcugbt at ssatisfactory pens. Wc have receirod from Mr John Bryer bring jswwods'cf ooncert and hall on behsH of too BsBsrat ~Hbapital^ fadd at the Crown hotel. Tendon, on die Sth instant. Xb* Sallowing itsma appw in yesterday's ABok Ornate t—Im is charged on JSSUsd Tqr the Balbnt bench, with hiS fid^cu die 3rd ultimo. He is tone working in adsim at-Gras- Wick.—Stoirai from Hemy Bsndow, Cardig»n, ablack home, fivevests old, 16 h^s bonded S (very near cbsdt. Widi ragaca tothe prasarvationof ttk in dwwstom of the Gordon district, Oaptsin 0\. S. Bnr^m, wfg is in disrge, bae fsays the ^Ifwss} received £10 from the Oosuanoiaer of (Mbnw to supplement the xewsid fund. this fund -is smjri<7ed in tbe prosecation of who dato iab in toe IskM and . sbydynsauteandodierillegslnieaaa: Tbe twoaaslns' sodetiea in Bsl&oat; lare given "£5 each, and Gedong iauUibutea £1^ so tbst a sum of £30 n now available, -i; ^According'MrG. Q. Bl^r, to a poaitiai in At Psteaits Offioe. mm. H>e Dapauk asys On Tujsday Mrs Baynes had ber attention directed ,to. somntliing which upesred wriggling tntod a hedpost in one Of the bedrooms st her rasidenoe sdjouiag the Victoria Brewery. 'rtoRtonrAt vwy sictire" s&aike.; The lady screamed oat tovtbs ser+snt-girl to -fetch the child, who 5? in an adjaimijg iQQny snd takeitout of the bwss, while ahe tan for' her hudiaad. The girt, bowsvef, did not distort) the dnld, whomshecaiiridet^mno immediate dst^er, fortbeenemy, i arrrived octbe of d wortc bmding over tbe ^aaa^ed remaiss ot a — l -r : si«lnv whMi. jretnriijr to undemwig tbe chopfsog tomeoesopemdoa. .-.'ilWtiCi^.^g At waa this—A. tfart the privj^eof be granted according to beadbemg first taken into umor states that the trouble the ladies is that they can't set totbedoor. ptijf Evouug Sam writes: Titqataid did not receive the rites of his church. Ned Kelly did!" Tbe Central Board of Health (says the World) has rsccaved a report' from Mr Wataoo, ct Bombila. Kew 8outh Wales, who is alao pnblic vaconatar at Bendoc. en the Victorian aide, of die border, to the efiect that a short distance from there is a gold5dd called Cnigie, which ia popalated by Cfcisnw Oa%ie ia in daily mmmimiratniti with Sydney, and Dr Wataau feats that aniall-pox nay be iutrodaced to Victoria hy this channel The report haa been nfencd to the CUef Secretary for An actor at present in Melbourne is now (aaya tbe ff'orU) at work writing another drama on the "Kelly Gang." Tbe subscriptions to tbe Psrkes testimonial (says a Sydney tafrgi am in theHryw), notwillrttinding tbe previous refusal to aoeant it, are stiU going oa, and have nesny readied £3000. It is the intention of the cornmHfr-e to settle the money on Ladv Partes. ' lbs World aaya it is' not true that Sir Samuel Wilson hu bought the G teat Kastera A rumor {says a Sydney telegram ia too Herald) is current that &r; John Bobertson wHl rejoin the Ministry, snd set ss Colonial Secretsiy during Sir Henry Parkes* ab- Hoaar a iiea (according to the Maryborough Standard) are having a nne hillings inlliiyborough at owing to tbriwnpriiUoa aiiwsigst load ttsdrsmen. Pensioners an - ptweibially long iived. Tbe servsnts of Queen Charlotte still draw £130 Bs 4d bom thepublic funds, and £10 ia -paid to thoaevf Georga TTT Sir Garnet Wolsdeyhss written aletter ia wbich be says that sbont 00 per oenC of tbacrime in onr army is owing to drnnkeo^eaa, snd that wbea our men are removed fmm the temptation of intoncati^ liquor, crime is A special meeting ^ the BaHamt Mtaers" Association is onivoied tor Saturday evening, at half-put seven o'dodc, at the Mechanics' Tnatitntr, to the qaestionof voting a-sumof money to the bootmakers of Mmrs Whitten and iSon's CftahlishmeBtnowonstrike.' Iheberaefit of Mr CSiarieB Florence takes. pUoe at tbe Academy of Muoc thia evening,, snd in additioa to die' pcevioc^y arranged programing Frofeaaor Kice will give an bis iMVilcries, in^nJmi. the- Kstie King cabinet ghost scene. We are mformwd by the secretory of the Ballarat District licensed Victuallers' Ama- ciation that there is every probability of the Victoria United Aeaoristion holding their annaal picnic at tiie Botanical Gardens, Ballarat, this year. So mnch ia bong said aboet the advantages of Ballarat for such excursions, that we should l>ot be at all surprised if it became the dud centre bf attraction during the snmmw | We direct attention fa>an advertisement elsewhere of a concert to be hdd in the town ball, Sebastopol, in aid of tbe building fond of Zion Welsh Coagngational CbuidC A fineprogramme haa been prepared fay the choir, under the leadership of Mr J. Harris; snd the singers wiD be kindly assisted by tbe leading vocaliats from Baliant. Mr D. W. Davis' song, ""The midshipmite," has programme. Mr D. M. Banes, M.L.A., will set aa<. ^airman. We are requested to draw attention to the sale of crockery, furniture; aad pictures, at die Mechanics' today, a twdre o'clock, by Messrs Tunbridge and Co. The Rev. A. B. Edgar wiU kctare on " William Haclem, the fStualist and Bevivaliat," in the Wedeyan Church, BjiMtqh street this evening, commencing at eight o'dock. ,T3iere w31 b» singing by tbe choir; sad a collection en behalf of the Young Men's Christisn Asaociatias. Tie teaches .and'senior scholars of the Baptist Sunday School are summoned by advertisement to meet this evening at halfpast seven. fhe Gty Brest Band will perform tbe following selection of music in ths Sturt street rotunds, weather permitting, to-night, at eight o'dock:— Qaickstep, "Wee dog's march ;" polka, " Bnrlington;" valie, "Conrt beauties;" edeetuo. "The harp tbst once;", quickstep, "little blue eyes; march, "Hydnpaten;" achottadie, "Fashionable;" gallop, "Bora;* God save the Queto." Oar readers'will remember that the benefit to the widow cf Stewart M'Auley will take, dace this evening in the Alfred HalL Amostenjciyabteand varied programme has been arranged, and the <%ject being in every way worthy, we trust that the entertainment will be laig^ypstoonised. It will be sees by our advertising oolnmna that Meeam Oobb sad On. have made their nsusl summer amngemorfs for conveying visitors to Lome daily. Passengers may be ooked at tbe office in Ballarat, and conveynces will ran daily between Winchelsea and Imrnr. Members of lbs Ballarat Commercial dab fll hava sa opportnmty this evening of ' toecelebrated lliardiat, who will give an exhibition at the ab- rooma, <nominrncmg at eight o'dock. 