TIGER-LILY;' in three parts. part li. -(CONTINUED.) Horton. remained where Lily had left, him for perhaps a quarter of an hour. An old woman admitted him to the house, and , he went into the sick-room. LilyO'Connell was sitting by the cradle of the youngest child, who lay across her lap. She greeted . him with a bow, and averted her head, but the glimpse he had of her face showed him that it was not only pale, but drawn as if with physical pain. As he was about to leave his patient's side, he looked toward her again, and his eyes fell upon the arm which supported the child's head. About the close, black sleeve a handkerchief, stained with blood, was tightly bound. He went over to the corner where she was sitting. " Will you come into the room ?" he said. " I would like to give you some directions about the medicine." She gave him a quick upward glance, arose, laid the baby in the arms of the old woman, and followed him mutely into the adjoining room, where a light was burning on the table, and stood before him waiting for him to speak. " You are hurt," he said, taking the bandaged harm in his hand. " That fellow has wounded you." " I suppose he meant to kill me," she answered, leaning with the disengaged arm against the table. Horton unbound the handkerchief. The blood was oozing from a deep, flesh —-cut below the elbow. With skilful fingers he ripped open the sleeve and turned it back from the fair round ..arm. Then, with the appliances the countrydoctor has always at hand, he dressed the wound. When he had finished Lily drew the ...sleeve down and fastened it over the bandage. Horton looked into her face. She was deadly pale, and her hands, which had \- touched his once or twice during the opera tion, were like ice. " You are weak and unstrung. You . . Jiave lost a great deal of blood. Sit down, . Miss O'Connell." She did so, and there was a little silence. ""The young man's nerves were still thrill- < ing with the excitement of the last hour. For the moment this girl — sitting there before him, this fair girl with her hard, cruel destiny — filled him completely. " What are you going to do ? " he asked, at length, " Do ? " she repeated. " Nothing." " You will let this villain escape justice ? " . lie said. " You will take no measures to protect yourself?" Lily raised her head. A look of intense bitterness swept across her face. " I shall not do anythiner." she said. Horton, you have always been good -fto me. As far back as I can remember, -you have been my friend. I want you to -promise me not to speak of what has hap!- pened to-night." Horton bit his lips in perplexity. " I do not think I have any right to make such, a, promise," he said,, after a little, pause. "This was| an attempt at murder." She rose and. came close to him. " You must promise me. _ Do you not .see ?" she went oh; passionately.' "If I were any one else, it. would be different — do you not understand? To have my name dragged before the public — I could not bear it! I would rather he killed me outright!" > Dr. Horton walked the floor excitedly. "It is a terrible thing," he said. / "I can not blame you, but it does, not seem right. Think the matter over. Perhaps you will feel differently. In the meantime'::! will do nothing without your consent.". "Thank you, Dr. Morton," she said. A call came from the sick room, and she turned away. .. - Soon after Dr. Horton left the house. Next day Commcraw's shop, remained closed, and it was discovered that he had fled;fromtown. 'Numerous debts and em barrassments which came to light suffi ciently accounted for, his departure, and -wefe-also ample guarantee against his re turn. In this way the question which had vexed Dr. Horton'smind.wasunexpcctedly .settled. ' . He did not see Lily O'Connell for .several days, but met her at last on the streets in such a way that she could! not \--vvclkavoid'him." ; V""; : . "It goes against; . my sense of -justice that that scoundrel should escape so easily," lie said, after having made pro fessional inquiries after the wounded arm, "'but at least you will, how be safe," and, ..touchingliis. hat. respectfully, .he - turned to Jgaveher.C: At;thh't'instaht)Miss Fairfield's phaeton dashed round the corner. The -occupant drew the reins slightly and re garded the two with a flash of the turquoise eyes; then, bowing coldly, she gave her horse a touch of the whip and dashed on again. ' When , Horton appeared at Mrs. Fair field's that evening, however, Florence received him -with unusual sweetness, and when chidednplayfully ; for the coldness of Iter greeting on,, the street replied only with a ripple of. silvery, laughter. The next morning rain was falling steadily, but- it did nbt :" prevent Miss Fairfield from appearing in Miss Bullins's shop, taut and trim in her blue flannel suit, the shining yellow hair and delicate , rose-tinted face finely relieved against the black velvet lining of her hat She found Lily O'Connell in attendance and the shop , otherwise unoccupied, as she had .expected. She was very gracious. She l»ught- Avith-her— arparcelcPntaming" costly linen vand laces; which she wished made into mysterious garments after the imported models enclosed. J " My dresses will be made in. Boston," she explained, with a conscious blush, " but I want these things made under my own supervision-— and i.wjint you to tndcc them." '' . What was it in her crisp clear tones which gave the common words so subtle an effect? The two girls looked each other full in the face for a moment, Miss Fairfield was first to look away. "You do your work so beautifully, you know," she added, with a very sweet smile. There was nothing more to say, yet she sauntered about the shop a while, looking at the goods displayed, or out into the rainy street. "I am sorry to see youlooking sobadly," she said, at last, turning her eyes suddenly upon the pale face behind the counter. ' But I don't wonder, either. It is natural you should take it hard. " Again the grey eyes met the blue in in the mute encounter. " I don't think I know what you mean," said Lily, her fingers tightening upon the laces she was folding. Miss Fairfield raised her silken eye brows. "Oh, of course," she went on, sympathetically, " of course you don't like to talk about it, but I am sure you are not in the least to blame. It was shameful of Commeraw to go off in the way he did. I am really sorry for you. Good- morning!" A moment later when she was ontside.a low laugh broke from her lips. It had been very well done— even better then she had meant to do it. The new minister, a susceptible young man, meeting her at this moment, thought he had never seen his fair parishioner looking so charming. Just after he was equally struck by another face, framed in reddish- golden ihair, which was gazing out ' from the milliner's window at the murky sky. Its set, hopeless expression startled him. " What a remarkable face!" he reflected. " It is that girl whose voice I noticed the other evening." And, being a well-mean ing young man, he mentally added, "I really must speak with her next con ference." Summer passed tranquilly away, autumn ran its brief, glowing course ; and in No vember, when the days were getting to wards their shortest and dreariest, some thing happened which startled Ridgemont out of the even tenor of its way. The small-pox broke out among the opera tives in the paper-mill, and spread so rapidly during the first days as to produce a universal panic. The streets were almost deserted ; houses were darkened, as if by closed shutters one might shut out the fatal guest. Those who were compelled to go about, or whose social instinct overcame their fear, walked the streets with a subdued and stealthy air, as if on the look-out for an ambushed foe. The village, loafers were fewer in number, and their hilarity was forced and spasmodic. Jokes of a personal nature still circulated feebly, but seemed to have lost their point and savour, and the laughter" which followed had a hollow ring. Mr. Hanniford was visibly de pressed, and the sallies which his position as local humourist compelled him to utter were of a ghastly description. He still endeavoured to enliven his labours with his favourite ditty, but it had lost per ceptibility in force and spirit. Mr. Jackson, the postmaster, bore him self with a dignified composure truly admirable, going fishing more persistently and smoking more incessantly than ever. " What you want, boys," he remarked, with great earnestness, to. the few faithful retainers' whom the potent spell of ginger- pop rendered insensible to other consider ations — " what you want is to take plenty of exercise in-, the open' air,, and -smoke freely. Tobacco, is a great— a — prophy lactic." , ' Meetings' of .citizens wercheld, and all the usual sanitary means . adopted and put into execution. An uninhabited farm house, whose rightful' owner was in some unknown part, of the world, -was chosen for hospital us'cs,. and' thither" "all victims of the disease were carried at once. From the beginning Dr. Horton had been most prompt and active in suggesting pruden tial measures, and in seeing them carried out. By universal consent he was invested with full. powers. Dr. Starkey, the only other physician, on the ground of faiiing health, willingly submitted to the situation. The young physician's - entire energies were aroused. He vforked indefatigably, sparing neither strength nor pocket ; for among the victims were several heads of families, whose sickness; — and,, in a few- cases, whose death— left want-and misery behind them. . One of the greatest obstacles encounter ed was the. saircity„ofjiureM,;m«4pJji@se :espdndirig it'o';the"cair- becoming -victims in a few days. : Two men only— veteran soldiers--were equal to the occasion,! and acted in'multifarious capacities— as drivers of the ambulance, housekeepers,: cooks, nurses, undertakers, and grave-diggers. On the evening when the certainty of the outbreak was established, Dr. Horton, after a day of excessive labour, went round to Mrs. Fairfield's. It was a dark, rainy evening, and" the house seemed strangely cheerless and silent. . A faint light shone from one upper wihdpw, and he fancied, as he reached the steps, that he saw a girlish' figure leaning against the window-sash.'' The housemaid who .ad mitted him, after a second ring, did so with a hesitating and constrained air, eyed him askance as she set her lamp upon the parlour table, and retreated hastily. , > - He was kept waiting, too, as it seemed to him; an unnecessarily long time. -' He was tired and a little unstrung. He was in that mood when the touch iof„ a_warm, tender JiancTTs Balm and cor<K&l; at once, and . the delay : fretted liimT VHe'abuld hear "muffled footfalls over his head, and the murmur of voices, as he wandered about the room, taking s up various small articles in a'.listless . way, . to throw them down impatiently again ; pulling about i the toos& sheets of taqsici'oo the Tplano, and. wondering why?j- lovely a dteature > as Florence need to be so scrupulously : exact about her toilet, with an impatient i lover chafing and fretting not twenty paces i away. Bot at last there was a sound of \- descending footsteps, a rustling of skirts, and the door opened to admit— Mrs. Fair- : field. She, at all events, had not been spending die precious moments at her toilet-table. Something must have thrown her off her guard. She was negligent in her attire, and certain nameless signs of the blighting touch of Time were allowed to appear, it may be safely asserted for the first time, to the eyes of mortal man. She was also flustered in manner, and, after giving Dr. Horton- the tips of her cold fingers, retreated to the remotest corner of the room, and sank into an easy-chair. He noticed as she swept by him that her person exhaled camphor like a furrier's shop. " It's dreadful, isn't it ?" she murmured, plaintively, holding a handkerchief satu rated with that drug before her face. " Perfectly dreadful !" Dr. Horton was at first puzzled, and then, as the meaning of her remark came to him, a good deal amused. He had not felt like laughing all day, but now he was obliged to smile, in the palm of his hand, at the small agitated countenance of his : future mother-in-law, seen for the first time without " war-paint or feathers." " It is certainly a misfortune," he said, reassuringly ; " but it is not wise to become excited. The disease is confined at present to the lower part of the town, arid, with the precautions which are to be taken, it will hardly spread beyond it." Mrs. Fairfield shook her head incredu lously. "There's no telling," she murmured, sniffing at her handkerchief with a mourn ful air. . : 1 "I have only a few moments to stay," the young man said, after a slight pause. " I have to attend a citizen's meeting. Is not Florence well ?" " Y-yes, she is well," came in hesitating and muffled accents from behind the hand kerchief. " She is not ill, but she is terribly upset by the state of things, poor child ! She has stick a horror of disease ! Why, she can't bear to come near me when I have one of my sick headaches. So sensitive, you know. So " A light had gradually been breaking upon Horton's mind. He coloured, and stepped forward a little. He had not been asked to sit down, and was still in overcoat and gloves. " I think," he said, slowly, looking Mrs. Fairfield full in the face — " I suppose I know what you mean. Florence will not come down. She is afraid to — to see me." Mrs. Fairfield fidgeted in her chair, and a red spot burned in her sallow cheek. " You must not think strange of it, Roger, slie began. "You know how deli cately organised Florence is. So nervous and excitable. And it. would be such a misfortune — with her -complexion !" > Dr. Horton took one or two turns across the room. He was not apt to speak on impulse, and he waited now. He stopped before a portrait of Florence, which hung over the piano. , The tender' face looked out upon him with the soft, beguiling smile about the small, curved lips, which had become so dear, to him. - Above it was a bunch of gorgeous sumac, which he had gathered for her one heavenly day, not' long: ago ; and- on the piano-rack stood the song -'she had taught him to 'J3elciyq.,thc',' all the world. " Du bist wie eine Blume, So schon, so hold, so rein." He looked at the face again. She was "like' a flower." ;How' could he have found it iri his heart, to ;blamc her, even by the rcmotesLthought.?. .y " I'm' sure," came':the: plaintive voice again,- " you oughtV'not to. blame her. I think it's perfectly natural." — Dr. Horton -turned towards her, with a cheerful 'smile. "Yes, it is quite natural., Of course I have taken every precaution ; but it was wrong: of me" to come without finding out- how she felt. Tell -her I will not come again until "he 'paused, . with an un- ' pleasant feeling in liis tliroat— ' " until she wishes me to come." "Well-. I am sure,". said Mrs. Fairficd, rising with an alacrity which : betrayed how great was. her relief, " you must know what a trial it is to her, Roger. The poor girl feels so badly. You are not angry ? " giving her-.hand,'! but 'holding the cam phorated handkerchief between them. " No," Dr.: Horton- said, taking the re luctant fingers a "moment, " not at-, all angry." He went a, way into the outer darkness, walking'a little heavily. The house door shut behind him with-a harsh, inhospitable clang, and as he went down the steps the wind blew a naked, dripping woodbine spray -sharply against , his cheek, giving hirri a curiously unpleasant thrill. When he was part way down the walk, he looked back, and saw to his surprise, the parlour windows standing open, and Mrs. Fairfield flitting about like an under sized arid ' elderly' ghost. At the upper -window- the girlish figure was still visible, the face pressed against the pane. His heart bounded at the sight, and then sank with a sense tf remoteness and loss for which; a moment later, lie chidcd himself bitterly. ; Mrs. Fairfield waited only until she believed!: Roger, wasoff .the grounds, when she threw open all tlie windows in the room, sprinkled everything liberally with carbolic acid, and went up to her daughter. She found Florence standing at the -window,- where she-had lcft her. "What did he say?" she asked, with out lookiri'gfOtfhd. P.W " t - ' " Oh,' he was very. Reasonable," Mrs. Fairfield answered,: seizing the camphor- bottle froiji the, bureau/' "very, indeed; He said it1: was wrong in him to have' come under' such circumstances, and lie would not come again until the danger was over. Roger always was so sensible." Tears rolled from the girl's eyes down over her blue cashmere wrapper, and she bit her lips to keep back the sobs which threatened to break out. " Hannah says three more cases were reported to-night," said her mother, re entering after a short absence. An exclamation escaped the girl's lips, and she wrung her fingers nervously. "We'd better go, hadn't we?" said Mrs. Fairfield. "No!" cried the girl. "Yes! Oh, I don't know. I don't know ! " and she threw herself , upon the bed, crying hysterically. The evil news being corroborated by the milkman next morning, led to another conference between mother and daughter, the result of which was that the following notes awaited Dr. Horton on his return from an exhausting day's work : — "My Dearest Roger, — Do not be too much hurt or shocked to hear that mother and I have left town on the 3.30 train. We think it best. It is hard, of course ; but the separation will be easier than if we were in the same place. I assure you, dear Roger, it pains me to go, dreadfully; but I cannot bear such a strain upon my nerves. Do, dearest, take care of your self— though, of course, you won't take the disease. Doctors never do, I believe. I don't see why, I'm sure.", "Oh, how I wish you had settled in Boston, or some large place, where your practice would have -.been among first- class people only. ThoSfe»low mill people are always breaking uut with some horrid thing or other. It is too bad. We are going to stay with Aunt Kitty, in Boston. She has been wanting me to spend the winter with her. She is very gay, but of course, dearest, I shall have no interest in anything. Of course you will write. — Your own, as ever, "f. f." Dr. Horton read this letter twice before opening the other, which was from Mrs. Fairfield herself, and ran as follows ; — "My dear Roger, — I am sure you will not blame me for taking our darling Flossie out of harm's way, nor her for going. As I told her last night, you always were so sensible. The poor child has been in such a state, you've no idea ! We feel real anxious about you. Do take every precaution, for Flossie's sake, though they say doctors never take diseases. Do wear a camphor-bag some where about you. I always did wish you had chosen the law — it is so much nicer. Of course Flossie will expect letters, but don't you think you had better soak the paper and envelopes in carbolic acid beforehand ? They say its very effica cious. — " Yours affectionately, " Mrs. A; Fairfield. " T-S. — You have no idea how the darling child's spirits have risen since we began packing. She is quite another creature. _ "A. F." Dr. Horton smiled as he read, but as he put both notes away in his desk his face became grave and sad again. " It is perfectly natural," he said to himself, as he went down to his lonely tea. " Perfectly so, and I am glad she is gone. But " The sentence ended in a sigh. (To be continued. ) 