WEST AUSTRALIAN. ViGilANs et Audax PERTH, TUESDAY, NOV. 1, 1881. These are times when dullness reigns supreme; when every topic is flat and stale ; when even the ghosts of former interests are laid ; when the public mind is unreceptive of the interests to come ; when everything wearies, everything pain, and everything seems unprofitable and used up. Such a time we have been passing through of late-a time during which the Fenian searches been a perfect godsend, affording as it has done some little relief to the otherwise dull routine of conversation, and enlivening the haughtiness boredom with which everyone in the capital has been afflicted. It is easy, however, for those who are in perfect safety to make light of dangers which, whether imaginary or real, they know cannot touch themselves, and to be merry over the anxieties of others less fortunately circumstanced. Fear in the one case does not stimulate imagination ; common sense accordingly prevails, and the possibility of a Fenian attack seems utterly remote and visionary. But when a man is unfortunately <> conscious of the fact that, however remote and improbable, such an event, if it took place, would find him in a very awkward plight, and that to awake and find his house tumbling about his head through the action of an unexpected bomb would not be altogether outside the bounds of possibilities-imagination naturally obtains full swing and the mind accepts conclusions which in calmer moments would be set aside as on the face of them absurd. So far, however, as Fremantle is concerned, in the event of the arrival of a hostile vessel able to shell the town, the only real danger would seem to lie in a probably abortive attempt to meet it. This was one of the reasons advanced for not agreeing to Sir Habbt God's plan for establishing such a naval volunteer force as would, in his opinion, have answered for ordinary purposes of protection. Unless it is perfectly certain that resistance can be effectually made it is infinitely safer to make no resistance at all, and " Calmly to wait the coming ill The best endeavour to be still" What effectual resistance could, with the means now at disposal, be made against a vessel prepared to shell the port, it is difficult to see. Fremantle would be fairly fixed, and would probably find that wisdom lay in the avoidance of any attempt to display a warlike attitude. There is comfort in the thought that a small force, especially of undisciplined marauders, would not be able to do much outside the range of their rejecting shells-we may safely trust our volunteers for that. But this knowledge is, of course, a very poor consolation for Fremantle. When this Register creates excitement has had time to subside, we shall probably come to the conclusion that to the dullness of the times alone can be attributed the fact that any excitement arose at all. That dulness the Fencing Bill has served to lighten in the country, as witness our issue of the day ; but even that has scarcely aroused the interest which it should. The evil day or the good day ac- cording to the point of view from which the measure is regarded having been, for the time, being, put off, no great excitement on the subject need be expected until the near approach of action again arouses those concerned to push their policy or to guard their rights. Karri remains as a subject occupying the public mind in one part of the colony at least-rousing much excitement and hostile feeling. But beyond the timber districts this topic will not 'take.' In those districts, however, judging from the number of letters we receive upon the subject, the interest taken must be very keen. As far as we can judge, the friends and enemies of karri seem pretty equally divided-the friends, naturally, being chiefly located to the South, while the hostile camp appears to have its head quarters about Bunbury. This karri contest is really one of great importance to the colony. For, if karri is a worthless timber, the shipment of it indiscriminately with jarrah, which seems to have been carried on of late may do much very seriously to injure the jarrah trade. Whereas, if it is a valuable and durable timber and no proof has been given as yet that it is not-the country is, of course, by so much the richer in natural resources. We say that no proof has been given that karri is not a durable timber, because, if the mere fact that rotten karri may be found even a good deal of rotten karri-were sufficient to condemn it, then jarrah would he self-condemned as Well, for, certainly, any amount of rotten jarrah is procurable without much difficulty, as everybody knows. In passing we might remark that the decay of the karri log at Flinder's Bay as reported by Mr. Howard and Mr. Tomb strongly supports the round, as opposed to the square, mile theory. So also do reports, lately to hand, concerning certain decayed telegraph posts, which at present require renewal. In the case of the log it would appear that decay was the result of a crack giving access to the heartwood, while in the case of the telegraph posts we hear that such is nearly always found to be the rule also. It will be remembered that the advocates of round piles have based their advocacy upon the ground that this is so, and that it is therefore imprudent to slice off large portions of that outer covering which protects a part of the timber which will not resist attack. The friends of karri have a good opportunity now of proving what they have advanced in favour of the timberman opportunity which they certainly should not lose. Karri from the corduroy road which has been mentioned, from a bridge, where it is said to have stood the test of durability very well, and from any other situations where it has been found to possess qualities upon which its friends have based their opinions of its worth should be sent to the approaching International Exhibition, so that the ocular demonstration may be given, which is so very much more convincing than any amount of written assertion. The controversy has gone to far-the matter having even been taken up by the South Australian Govern- ment that it should be worth while to do this. The opening of this Exhibition, shortly preceded as it will be by the Agricultural Society's gathering, may, we trust, permanently break up the ' silly sea- son we are now enduring, and put an end to the present eventless monotony of existence. 