[?] WHAT AG-RE EMENT HATH THE T EMPLE OF GOD WITH IDOLS? WHEREFORE COME' OUT FROM AMONG THEM, AND BE YE SEPARATE, SAITH THE LORD. ' ' ' ; (To the Editor of the Protestant Standard!) Deab Sie,— -Permit me, through tho columns of your religious paper, to address this letter to' both clergy and laity. When I refer to the Apostolic praotice of preaching the Gospol, thoy- did so in its entirety ; they did so, by drawing a line of demarcation, pointing out the erroneous teaching of heathenism, and the pure touching of theiGospel. ; The Apostle Paul, in his. address to the elders of Epliesus, says, "Wherefore I take you to-rocord this day, that I am pure from , the blood of; all men. For I have not shunned to declare unto you all the. counsel of God." Acts xx. 20; 26, 27. , Now tho Apostle's , teaching, ! n our Lord's, was in accordance with Raul's ; lie not only taught them that Jesus Christ was their Rodehmer, but also that that faith should. , be a sanctified faithin him, and that was unto obedience and that' possessing these: gracious principles'its' consequence was: tb! rejoice in the Lord always';' if their knowledge is 'only that Ohriat:;is';thel redeemer of mankind,- and 'goos no farther,! I ask- what good will that .do, toithoir ummortal . souls ? Christ as one , Redeemer- is ithe, foundation! of; , all our 'liopes,i but to - call- Christ i the redeemor. of; mankind i is- -within the-;- ronoh:i of the natural unsanotified. mind. : Savingly,, it can only be,, " No man; can' call Christ .the. Lord \but by, ; the Holy Ghost. If tho work is .begun -by ; Him, it . will go on step by step till it oiids in the perfect Christian.'', Add to, your, faith1 virtue, khowlpdgei temperance, patience, - godliness, ' brotherly, kind-' ness, ! to brotiierly kindness, charity. '"If ye do these' things' !ye shall' never .fall,"' " But lie that lacketh , these things is -blind." . " Being con fident of this very;' thing,' that he which hath' begun ' a 1 good! work in you will perform it unto the days of Jesus ' Christ." : " Elect according to the fore knowledge of God, through sancltfication of the Spirit unto obedience and sprinkling of the blood of ; Jesus Christ.", Then what constitutes ; a genuine and faithful , Christian is, by being sane-, tified by the Spirit, which inclines the redeemed to be obedient to all bis Mastorls commands. Are not thoreforo God's commands to bo obediently attended to, without any intermission ? The Sabbath - breaker, adulterer, the . idolater, the covetous, in a word, the. worldling, all consider themselves Christians, allowing themselves to be disobedient to what God has commanded. Our blessed Lord has solemnly commanded, ' " Do this in remembrance of me." ' Aro not those who turn their backs with disdain on that command guilty of unfaithfulness, and yet they 1 believe that Christ died for sinners.- " His name shall be called - Jesus, for he will- save his people from their sins." Professing Christians must be taught that Jesus ChriBt died to atoue for the transgres sions of men, but to make that shedding of- blood efficacious to . forgiveness of sinB, they ; must be sanctified, otherwise they, will live ..and die in- diBobedienco, in the rejection, of God's commands. "Grow in grace and in tho knowledge of the Lord." Unless this! growth is pointed out and insisted on as necessary to form the Christian character, attendant on our churches wilfleavo with the formal belief, that' notwithstanding that they "despise' the Lord's ; Supper, break-' the Sabhath; are oovetous, hateful and hating one another; 'yet believe that they are' Christians going' on -the way to' heaven ; true Christians " are. created anew in Jesus Christ,; with good works:" There is a total renovation of soul imparted by tho Holy Spirit; a new bias to their, inclinations, -.enjoyments,- and; their Bocial happi- ness. Tho world is not hugged or embraced, they live loose to the world and its enticements, . for their . treasure !is in, heaven. ; Attendants at , .public worship should be taught; these things, from the pulpit. The difference between ' the doctrines of the' Romish Church and the Bible' ought to bo publicly taught in our churches. We 'ought to be taught to follow the :ione and' ;abhdr£'tho other.'1 There are many 'who neithor understand 'nor care' to understand what life' the Christian - should live. Even -in Sunday schools the difference between Rome \ and the Bible, ftlinnlrl hn.riYnlnined. " I am, yours truly,- THOMAS O'DELL. ; Morpeth, August 17th, 1880. (To the Editors of the Protestant Standard.) Sib,— Your anonymous correspondent who in last week's issue inveighs against certain doings at our recent Bazaar hero, has, I allow, a porfoot right to exercjse his particular genius in that di- ; - reotion, and who he may bo is neither '.hero, nor there ns affecting the truth or falsity of his alle- ; gations ; but ivhsn he subscribes .himsolf ' anti- humbug, 'I like, to' feel sure in dealing with him . that h'e ia trud to his name and not a inero mako- beliovo, as tboro is reason to fear. Ho would . imitate it is' trhe the strain of art incensed Roman . Catholic, and! J otherwise palm himsolf upon us as such, but I venture to assort that ho is nothing of tho kind ; nor is he a! Wesloyan; nor any thing in fiiot but one of; those rabid- individuals to bo -mot with sometimes-' whose opinions 'are 'always --vory - - strong, and who judgo it to.be their speoial' voca tion to show; up- all abuses and put every ono . straight. - . )' My conviotion is based on reasons -that are. only ' confirmed by internal, evidence of his letter.; ; , A i Roman Catholic would probably, have contented : himself with showing that Protostants and even > - Wesleyans if you plooso, aro. doing tho.vory things, you have so strongly denounced as peouliar to his , Ohuroh. But the sensibilities of this -writor are altogether" too fine for a Roman Ontholid. ,. The shook which ho sustains at the sight of our Bazaar pructices is a' little unnatural. His soul . 'revolts too piously at tho clamorous: bosiogemont - \- ho encounters to go in- for that with -.which- ono so ! ' totally disagrees.' And then his allusions to mothers in Israel; Sunday School Superintendents- ' , : and . Teachers taken with'the. whole and viewed . from my standpoint makes tlio mask; appear; too . gauzy, and one is reminded of- an .ancient : exela- ; mation slightly transposed. " Tho. hands are tho r hands of Esau, bht the voico is Jacob's." .. I- think Sir, if your correspondent had suppressed . tho prefix of his signaturo it would, have more truly described, I will not say himsolf, but at any rate ono of his performances. I admit that his statement as to our rafiling.is true ; and thereby wo have broken a connexional rule :fo'r! which I may have to give account else where. But Anti-liumbug rattles on1 apaco nmd lots his words fly at random when ho- talks of the openly avowed' intuition of-tho Catholics to violate the la'w of the'-land; and- compares this- with our more surroptious way of doing.it/ -I deny that; wo have broken any law of tlio land, nor have we the least intuition; of doing so i n either a secret or plain manner. But neither, sir, are wo willing to. admit that !we have been guilty, of any immorality; , . Wo ro-. sortod to no, mean unfair ways. We attaciied no fictitious value to.articlos. ; Wo. descended to. no trickery to secure! both tlio money and a roversidn - to ourselves"'" of half - the things rafllocl. Our manner was honost and straightforward through out, and our. exhibits realised not noorly tlioir value. And' oh.th'o question of raffling .itself, is there no latitude of opinion allowable ? Can there ho no two questions about _ it ? Is this - practice,- - ; under whatever cirouniBtances, fairly to bo'charac- iterized as- pure - essential gambling ? - Surely its ;gambling feature does -not - consist' in the ohanco i element involved ;. for then much logitimuto speou- 7lation must come under .that designation? !t rcannotlioin the method by which tho ohanco is 'j determined, viz., by tho drawing .of lots. Some thing like this I find even countenanced in Iltwn. The land of C'ahaan: was 'divided in such way. '.God appointed.it several times for- tho '.deteeiion ; of guilty persons', and otherwise sanctioned its use. . Tho objectionable '.''element cannot bo its ., tendency to envioh one person by tlio comparative '" 'impoverishment of the. rest. That must' have i booh 'a' natural-result even of the' Jewish 'lottory, '-' and occurs, daily in honest transactions. Nor do I tliihk'it', can bo1 fairly said -that -a- number of - i woll-conducted persons met ut a Bazaar,' and drawing! lots -for some simple article having a com mercial value, for which they have equally- sub scribed, ia in very essence; and - spirit. --the -same - thing as sitting down to cards, dice, or fan-tan — . . whatever, that .may bo— to, ;play for nothing but each others money. To me tho parallel, is, faint, and certainly vcy many strictly conscientious and .intelligent; persons— some of the host and most Bonsible Christians, who. in point, of moral perception, are quite as clear as " anti-Iiumbug'|— havb 'rufllbd iit Baziuir's witli no idoa that tlioy were committirig an immorality. It" is true Lhero are cithers' ivho have scruples on the subject which are to be respected.' ; But those scruples do1 not . make it an evil, save to themselves. Nor would -it bo so ; essentially - because everybody held - it - as : such. Different notions prevail at different times. ; MaeauloyJs'ays Succeeding , generations change the fashions of their morals with the fashion of , their hats.and their ooaphes, : and wonder at tlio . depravity, of their ancestors. . Yours truly, , ALFRED SWIFT. Young, Aug. 30, 1881. 