THE INSTALLATION OF DR. J. M. GTJNBON, A8 A KNIGHP OF ST. GBEGOBY THE GREAT. On Sunday afternoon. August 21, a ceremony interesting to most people and of the greatest importance to our Boman Oatholio fellow colonists was performed at St. Francis Xaviei's Ctttedral, when Dr. J. M.Gunjon, who has for tbe lest twenty-five years been a out promi nent and active member of the Boman Catholic Church in this province, was solemnly in stalled as a Enight oC the Order of St. Gregory the Great. Abont txo months ago, wben replying to an address of welccme which was presented to him on his return from a visit to Borne and Great Britain, His Lordship the Bishop, Dr. Reynolds, 6tated that Hie Holiness the Pope had manifested the most affectionate interest in his people in South Ausrralia, and that his blessing had not betn cocficed to words ; that at his Lordship's request His Holiness had nominated Dr.Gunson, who had beem Each a faithful servaat of tbe church for over a quarter of a century, a Enight of the Order of St. Gregory the Great. He then impressed upon these present the high character of the distinction conferred, and its value as a proof that His Holiness in the midst of all his cares was not unmindful of his children in this colony. It may be mentioned that the order has up to the present time been conferred on only fifty-one gentlemen, and that besides Dr. Gonson, who is the forty-ninth reci pient, there are but four other gentlemen in the colonies who enjoy the distinction. A large number of persons assembled in the Cathedral to witness the ceremonial, wbich on the whole was of a very imposing chuaoter, A few of the front seats were reserved for the members of the Hibernian Society, a number of whom appeared in regatia, and Mr*. Gunson and one of her sons were accommodated with chairs. Dr Qnnson, who was seated nearly opposite the Bishop's throne, was attended by Mr. Malcolm H. Davies as squire, and his sons John and Wo, Gunson as pages. At 3 o'clock His Lord chip the Bishop accompanied by the Very Rev. Vicar-General and a number of other members of the clergy, and attended by the Rev. Fathers Boper and Ooonan as ministers, proceeded to the altar, the choir siog ing ' Laudate pueii domine.' His Lordship took bis seat on his throne, and wag vested prepara tory to the installation. He then took his seat in front of the altar, and the declaration of Pope Leo XIII. creating Or. Gnnson a Kniehtof St. Gregory the Great, was read by Father jtoper. The sword was blessed by His Lordship, and prayers were recited asking that the wearer of tbe sword might have strength and courage in the defence of faith and justice; that he might have an increase of faith, of hope, and of charity; and that he might not unjustly injure any one, bnt always defend that which was jnst SDd right and faithfully fulfil hia doty. The sword was then sprinkled with holy water, and His Lordship gave the sword unsheathed to tbe Knight, and said, ' Receive this sword in the same of the Father, ot the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, and ase it in thy own defence, and in the defence of the Catholic church, for the conf asion of the enemies of tbe Gross of Christ, and of the enemies of the Christian Faith ; and, as far as human frailty will permit, unjustly injure no man with it— which may He grant, who with tte Father and the Holy Ghost lives and reigns, God for ever and ever.' Replacing the ewucd in the scabbard His Lorkship girt it on Cfle knight, saying, 'Gird thy loin* rightly with this tby sword and know that tbe Saints, not by sword, bnt by faitb, vanquished kingdoms.' The cross of the crder was th«n fixed on the breast of the Enight, end te having made three passes with the sword and wipea it on his left arm, His Lordship gave him the kiss of peace, saying, ' Peace be with tbee.' Taking the sword in bis right hand, His Lordship thjioe gave the Enight the accolade, saying, 'Be a peace ful Knight; firm, faithfoj, and derated to God;' and afterwards, 'Arise from the slumber of unrighteousness, be watchful in the faith of Christ, and be of good repute.' After some farther devotional exercise His Lordship resumed his seat on his throne, the Knight being seated on his right band, and the Very Rev. Prior Butler preached a discourse, which was listened to with the greatest attention. Ttte discourse was as follows : — 'Esto Miles pacifictis, sti-enuus, Jidelis, et Deo devotus.'— 'It may appear strange to behold here to-day the band consecrated for peace offerings and blessings bestowing on toe dis tinguished gentleman whom we have met to honor, tbe symbol of his knightly honor. Whence does the Catholic Ohnrch derive her right to confer each turners, and above all what has she to do with the sword? Is not tier mission bnt to preach and keep entirely within the sanotuary ? These may be the thoughts of msnyregaiding the ceremony we are witnessing to- day within the walls of this sacred edifice. A complete answer to such, as well as a vindica tion of her action, will be found in tbe con sideration of— Lg What was the mighty work which the oburch had to accomplish in the world. 2. How she acquitted herself of tbe task. It is not necessary, nor is it my intention, to enter into a critical examination of the right of the Popes or of the church to csnfer hoaors and to inflict punishments. It will be sufficient should it be shown that there existed no other power that has done so much for civilization, art, law, science, learning, and all that consti tutes the greatest good of sooiety ; and toat from inherent right, from tbe prescription of sgcp, from the admission of all civilised countries, she has the best claim to single out three of her children who have been distin guished above their fellows, and place on their brows the laurel of victory or gird them with the sword of honor. What, then, was this great work wbich the church had to accomplish ? We speak not here of her divine mission to preach and administer the sacraments, but of that mis sion to civilise, elevate, and refine men ; to teach them correct principles of right ; to give laws and constitutions ; to enconrage learning and patro nise art ; to shield the defenceless ; to help the weak ; to withstand the tyrant and oppressor ; to be the bulwark of Christendom and the saviour of humanity. The great KomanEmpire reached the summit of its power wben Chris tianity entered on her glorious career. From the Tigris to tbe Pillars of HeronJes, atid from the burning sands of Nnmidia to the frozen forests along tbe Baltic, tbe imperial s-ray of the mighty empire was acknowledged. But in the very meridian of its greatness there were not wanting signB of its decay. Fierce hordes, too, were gathering on its frontiers who, in successive waves of invasior-,swept over the various regions of Europe and engulfed in a crimson tide pagan art and civilization. Vandals, Goths, frank*, Allmanni, Hnna, Borgundiuia, Lombards, Slavi, Normans. Bulgarian*, again and again rushed onwards inoountleaanomMra ; towns and cities were given to tbe flames ; the miserable inhabitants were swept into captivity or slaughtered in defending their homes. The out lying parts of the empire first experienced the rude shock. England in 419 was invaded by the Saxons, and in a century barbarism ruled there from Kent to Caledonia; Spain in 466 fell under the power of the Visigoths, Gaul in 481 under the f ranfca, and Italy in 493 under tbe Oiter gotbs. From the fifth to the ninth century Europe became a prey to all the evils of famine, pestilence, barbarism, bloodshed, ignorance, and crime. 1 here was but one small spot where learning ut eeenre and religion held peicef ul sway; away in the green island of the West, the island of saints, of poetry, and of tang. Who was to bring order out of this wild chaos, light from ont tbe gloom of such darkness ? Who could tame the wild passions oi Vandal and Han, and turn the savage warsong of xhe VikiBgs into hymns of peace? There was bat one power that had the will and the means to effect Bach a change, and that power was the Catholic Gbnrcb. The Holy Pontiffs who (at in the chair of St. Peter were the men who civilised these terrible savages. Not alone did her Ito face Attila, the scourge of God, -and obtain peace and favor for the people, bat the Popes sent forth their missionaries to evangelise theBe warriors, before whom these warriors were scattered like chaff, and the empire went down amidst carnage and fire. Aboat the ninth century a new Christian empire begins to emerge from tbe scattered and discordant elements which lay around. Charlemagne ia crowned Emperer by Pope Leo III. in 800, and modern Europe begins its career. The law of the church is taken a« the basis of the law in every country in Europe. From the ninth to the fourteenth ceutnry the Oatholic Ohnrch was the great power in Europe, and what of good did she not accomplish ? Learning was restored. Then were established theUniversities of Europe, Asj-, Borne, Bologna, Paris, Oxford, Cambridge, Salamanca, and by express command of tbe Popes. Then were thote cathedral schools en dowed and founded, which have survived even to this day. Ignorance and prejudice may attempt to call tbece ages dark; but measure them by their works, and see if ignorance and superstition mark these. Were the buons at Bonnymede led on by a Pope's legate ignorant of the grand principles of liberty and law? Were tfaoie ages dark which have given to Europe imperishable monument* of highest art ? Stand before one of those grand cathedrals of this period, examine its minutest details, the harmony of all its parts; its ponderous yet graceful towers; its soaring spires; its buttresses hang in mid-air. Enter through that majestic porch ; look along these pillared walli ; see that grand -Bd fretted roof; those muUioned windows which stain in a thousand tints the tesselated pavement. Behold that altar, witii ita varied marbles ; its exquisite and delicate wcrkmancbip. Hear that burst of glorious melody, *ud the swelling tones of tbe organ, and then tell me if the m-nds which designed and the hands that executed tfcesewtre the slaves of ignorance and super stition. In the ninth century the feudal system took its lite. 'With all its lanlti, it bu done nmch for humanity and religion; it bound all the members of a State together in a com munity of interest and protection. Tbe poor man aeived, and in torn was defended by his lord, wbo bimself was bound to theTLiBg, while over all was the Common Father of Obrirten fieBD, -wfcoee authority wae acknowledged, and whose decrees were obeyed in every land. War and plunder had been the only trade of tbe fietce nations wbich had settled in Central and Sonthtta Europe. Bat the Catholic Chorea taught the warrior to draw his sword only in defence of the widow and the orphan, to shield the weak and defend the right, as is said in the prajeri with which the blcsEcs ber knightly tons. Chivalry then vat tfce consecration of all that was brave, acd holy in war. It was the church tbat inspired the lofty Drinciples of justice and humanity which gave to the fcrim profession of aimc its poetry and romance. * Bate pacificas,' be gentle as a lamb, was tbe exhortation of the church— take for your model that greatest of mortals, the mother of God. Let her pitying and IoviDg icokB ever be present before you. Do cot close jour ear to the cry of distress. Honor woman because Mary jonr queen istbe mother of vcur Redeemer. Tee worship of the Blessed Virgin has done more to soften the stem manner of men, to elevate and refine their feelings, to U-ach them to do great and noole things than any other fotm of devotion, and this is certified to even br the enemies cf the church. Be strenuous (y.rcuius) saya the church. At the call of iiut\, when justice has to be upheld and its Molaror* puui--ned : wben the cry of tbe orphan and widow is rnired ; orben the oppressor ol God's poar, or His c'jurch is to be withstood ; then ruth forth strong in right. Heed not tbe opposing forces, bat wiih thy trusty biade strike for right, for liberty, and for God. Be faithful (Jidelu) to all. Let thy word be sacred as thy cause is holy. Faithful to her to whom yon have plighted your knightly vow; faithful to your friend ; faithful to your King, whether on the tested field or in the council hall. Et Vto detolm— devoted to Gcd. Yon are not a mer cenary to iell joor sword to the highest bidder. You are God's servant. Let jour virtues shine forth tterj, and be the Christian knight satis peur et tans reproche. ' Seethe bright examples of Christian chivalry in the Cid ot Spain and Bajard of France — men the very flower of heroic virtae. See, too, tbe benign influence, of tbe church in the in stitution of the Trace of God. She ooald not entirely prevent bloodshed, but she lessened its evils, and gave a breathing time for peace and calm reflection. From Wednesday to Monday morning duriDg Lent and Advent, and for two week* after Christmas and Easter it was not lawful to' avenge any injury, and the heaviest centnres of the church fell on the man that dared to violate this Truce ef God. Such was the great Christian republic mainly created and iostered by the Catholic Church. She had res cued it from the darkness of barbarism, held aloft the lamp of learning, mitigated the horrors of war, and fostered tbe grntle arts of agrical tore acd peaoe when the very existence of Enrope was again endangered and the black cloud of lQcoranoe and fanaticism rose threaten ingly above its horizon. In the seventh century, 63J2, Mahomet, the cameldriver of Mecca, pro claimed his mission of bloodshed and licentious ness, dubbed himself a prophei, and auforled tbe standard of ignorance and rapine. The teeming hordes of the desert, the wandering tribes ol Tartary, and the swarthy children of the tun came rolling like lava over the Battera Empire. In ten years Syria, Meso potamia, Persia, Egypt, and Lybia were rent from the Empire of Constantinople, acknow ledged the impostor, and worshipped at Mecca. A c&ntory; did not elspse till the whole xioitb of Africa was added to the Oalipfesfce, and bis standard even waved in triumph over the walls of Granada. There was a time when Asia Minor and Alexandria were the home oE learniLg and the granary of Europe. What have tbey become under the blighting inui ence of Mohammedan rule ?.Ignorance supreme, sqnalor, poverty, rapine, last, and fanatioism — are not these the corses which lie so heavy on the richest and loveliest land which the son shines open. Where now are those highly culti vated minds that stored up the learning of anti quity in the library of Alexandria? Gone, like the precious manuscripts themselves, to feed the flames kindled by brutal ignorance. This was the diecd danger that menaced Europe now that she was rescued from bar barism, and was putting forth ber energies of mind and hand under the wise and fostering; care of tke Popes of Borne. They it was who, seeing the gathering storm, sounded forth the alarm. Urban II. summoned the Power* of Europe. He pointed' ont tbe danger, be de scribed the sufferings of their feUow-Ohristians nndcr tbe Mohammedan yoke, and in language of batting eloquence asked them to drive back the foe, rescue the holy plaoes from their de secrating grasp, free their enslaved brethren, and fight for right and freedem and for God. At that voice ten thousand swords leap from their scabbards, and seventy times ten thousand go forth against the foe; the Gross on their shoulder and 'God wills it' as their battle cry. For two centuries did Europe send forth its chivaliy to contend against the fiery valour 6f Saracen and Moor. Then were performed feats of arms and heroic virtues which shall live for ever enshrined in story. Godfrey de Boullion, Tancred, Robert of England, St. Louif eof France, areEnighti ttaupeur tt tans re proche, who, gentle in peace, were lions in the field, whose good swords were ever need to punish injustice, strike down tyranny, guard tte weak, terrify the infidel, and right the oppressed. The Crusades saved Europe from barbarism, they gave aa impetus to commerce, they taught navigation and geography, they prepared the way for discovery, they bronght borne many relics of ancient letters, they strengthened the brotherhood of nations by mirgUcg men of different countries in tbe same enterprise, they afforded a vent for tbe paat-up valor of Europe and thus relieved it of a dis turbing element, and they gave to the world those military orders which were the embodi ment of the spirit of the age and the genius of Christianity. ' In the year 1048 some Ne&politan; merchants fonnded at Jerosalema hospice for the reception of pilgrims, and this they placed under the care of some religious men who boond them selves by vow to attend to the sick and defend the pilgrims to the holy plaoes. The saintly Bishop of Puy drew up a rale for their guidance. Thus the Knights of St. John of Jerusalem, or the 'Hospitallers,' as they were called, were the mailed warriors of Holy Church. So, too, were the Knights Templars, Knights Teutonic, and those other religious and military orders of tbe day. It was the Ohnrch which blessed their swords and placed the pennon in their maU- olad hand, and with words of benison, which weimar to-day, said, ' Esto Miles pacificus, ttreiuau, fidtlis et D*o devotus.' Let the enemies of God alone feel the keen edge ot that «word which is ever to defend the right. Let -your virtue be aa unsullied as the white mantle toat covers you. Be faithful to doty and devoted to God . And true thote noble knights were fat the vows they had taken. In reading their history the mind seems to revel rather in tbe enaisona of fancy than in tbe records of baman achieve ments. Take their defence of the Island of Shodes, 1480. Mahomet II, determined to destroy this outpost of Europe, which had long defied his power and marred hia schemes of conquest, With a fleet of 160 vessels and 100,000 soldiers he landed on the island, then held by the Knights of St. John, under the commander Peter d'Anbuisop. For three montha, day and night, did this invading anny batter at the walls with heavy ordnance, and storm the breaches made ; bnt the Grand 'Master and his knights were ever at the post of danger. Han j of the Moslems devoted themselves to his destruction, bnt his keen blade and powerfol arm sent them to bite the dust. Maddened by tbe resistance of so few a number the terrible Bashaw led on his troops for one last assault. The Janiuaries leap into tbe breach, but d'AnbnssoD, though wounded, stands -there like the fabled god of war. A host in himself he inspires his knights with fresh ardor. The foe is driven back, and they fly to their -stups, amazed and terrified, whilst tbe wounded knights proceeded to the church to give .glory to tbe Lot d of Hosts. Ot «ee again a similar defence at Malta, where bat 600 wounded -a-ad famished warriora repel 40,000 Moslems under the bravest of their Sultans, SolimanXL It ia no figure of speech to say their valor aaveflEa rope from Mohammedanism. And who but the Catholic Church armed their strong right hand and blessed their knightly vows ? .The Oatholic Church— bas ahe tbe right to confer honors on her children ? She placed the Orown of Umpire on tbe brows of Oharlemagne ; she confronted AttUa;che withstood a tyrant Johnof England, and a Henry IV. of Germany ; she haded the force of Christendom against the hordes of Asia ; she adorned the escutcheons of kingly races with tl eir proudest mottos ; ahe passed judg ment en tbe highest, reproved vioe, rewarded virtue, encouraged learning, and ennobled man in every age. Has the Oatholio Ohsreb power to confer honors ? Let the prescrip tion of a thousand years and more, the testi mony of every civilized nation of Earope, the sacrifices ahe has made for society, answer. To her by excellence belongs the power to ennoble her sons, and single them oat foe their deeds of merit. And dearly have ever been prised the marks of her honor— proudly ber chivalry of merit ranks where right is re spected and virtue admired. And in the instal lation ef tbe noble Knight, Sir John Miobanl Gnnson, the Pope keeps np his traditional role of universal patron of worth and excellence. It is ni t for me to speak here the praises of Sir Gnnton. He has ever been a faithful son of Holy Chtuch, a distinguished scholar and gentleman, a good citisen, and a loyal subject. It is because be represents in his person the Catholicity of this young bat growing nation, that onr Holy Father wishes to give youa pledge of bis affection and a mark of hia lore. SeXells; jou to-day tbat you are a peace- loving people, tbat jou are fttrennoat in the .cause of right-ana mtreUul to thedistrecEed. To this I can well testify wren the loved land of most amongst u« lay helpless in the grip of famine. Ton people ' of Australia, withoat distinction of nee ot trad, cane generously forward to alleviate her aUUess- £68,CCO went from Australia to .Ire land as tbe moot munificent testimony of: her cbcrity and mercy. Our Holy Father wishes to ccXDpllnent you people of Sooth Australia It i* in vain for f ooliab men to decry this chtneb, the rpoute of Christ, until man ean blot ont tbe ucoidt of. tte past, and ©over with a pail of eblivieu tie brilliaut deeds of Catholicity. Until tte works of Hiciiael Angela, tbe poetry o{ DtLte, tbe pbiloopby of Aquiues, tbe j labors of Francis Xnvier, the learning of Benedict, tbe deeds of Bayard, d' Aubusson, and M. Louis. Until these are forgotten and tte monuments of their glory destroyed the Catholic Church must ever be the highest power -n earth, wboferewards are the tokens of otnire mi lit, and whose gift! are unsullied by injustice cr wroDg. Long m»y the noble Kuigtt wear tbe atrord with which he is girded to- day. If tbe days of chivalry are no more, still tbe came or greater foes stand armed ?gainst God ai»d His Church, and these foes ?re ju»t as dangerous to civilizationand morality as Moslem or Hon. We need not be reminded to wbateicewosmenarebroughtby the immoral and materialists teaching of the present time. Ice; may be read in tte lurid flames of the butniigTnillcrits. They cm be heard in the murderous explosion of the acsassia'd miae — in the pLrttsied passion of depraved mobs — ia tbe cefilicg publications of a wicked literature — in tbe unloosing tbe bonds of paternal control, and tte licentiousness of youth. These are aorsa of tbe evils cf modern thought and society. Therefore it ia necessary to hive in evtry country men distinguished by their abilities and position— peaceful knights, cul tivating tbe works of tbe understanding, stren uous ia every cood for the advancement of religicu and morality— faithfal in tbe dis charge of their duty— and above all devoted to God and His Church. And it i* meet and proper that that Church should bonor suoh men, and seed them forth in her came and with her blessing to fight the battles of tbe Lord— not with the sword of the flesh, but aimed with the shield of faith, and pro tected frith the breastplate of justice, that they may be shining light* by their good example and doughty defenders of truth and justice. Axii?, then, noble knight, aud go forth to this contest; with God's blessing on your stainless ebield. Long may you wear those blushing boxo;s with which our Holy Father crowns you; exd may you ever be a 'knight peaceful, strenuous, faithful, and devoted to God.'11 At (be end of the discourse the choir sang the ' Te Eeum/' and tbe ceremoDy was brought to a conclusion. ^^^^_______^^_ 