Eiama Agricultural Show. [BY TELEGKAMI.J K.IAMA, Wednesday. The annual show of the Kiama Agricultural Associa tion opened this morning, under most favourable circumstances. The weather, although rain threatened through the day, was pleasant, and the attendance on the picturesque showground at the Blow Hole Point ?was very large, not fewer than 2000 being on the ground. The steamer which sailed from theBe were Mr. J. Farncll and Dr. Tarrant, members of the Legislative Assembly, and several judges of stock, The arrangements were fairly complete, and the judging commenced shortly after 10 a.m. The association now numbers about 220 members, and several improvements have been effected on the ground. The pavilion was well filled with horticultural and dairy produce, and a large space was devoted to exhibits of glassware and china, from I. Webb and Son. There were about forty exhibits of butter, and the condensed milk factory had a stand of their tins, recently prepared for export. There were about 180 horses shown, draught horses being a strong feature. Some first-class coach ing stock were paraded, and a few good bloods. The cattle classes excelled all former years. 430 head of dairy cattle were present, and 90 shorthorns. Messrs. Antill and Peato placed some good Ayrahires, the principal exhibits of farming and dairy implements and vehicles were Dwyer, Brothers'. The judges were entertained tat lunch on the ground. The judging of hackneys, carriage horses, and ponies takes place to morrow. There will be strong competition for the ladies' hack prize. In all about 1500 exhibits were on the ground. The dinner, in connection with the chow, takes place this evening. The principal prize takers in shorthorn cattle were Messrs.* 'W. R. and N. Bindmarsh, in Ayrshires ; Messrs. Antill and Peate in dairy cattle. The following were the principal prize takers: — Best bull of any age, G. Tate ; best two-year old bull, P. Quinn; best yearling, Cole Brothers ; best cow, any age, H. Dudgeon ; best heifer, two years old, W. James; best vear Jing heifer, W. Miller ; best pen six heifere (the President's Prize), N. Harper ; best bull, over two years old, on ground, J. M. Antill, Ayrshire ; best dairy bull, any age, G. M. Antill ; best dairy heifer, under 3 years, W. * James ; best pen of 6 cows, W' James ; best pen of 6 dairy cows, under h years, Cole, Brothers ; best pen of dairy heifers, over 2 years. W. and J. James ; best boll calf, J. M. Antill ,* best heifer calf, H. Dudgeon. In butter classes, T. Brown, James Jobnstone, and H. Fredericks were the principal prize takers. Broughton Village school took two first prizes for needlework and drawing. KIAMA, Thursday. The second day of the Kiama show proved fine. The attendance was over 2000, The principal business of the day was the parading of the hackney classes, and it ?was generally admitted by visitors that the display made was the grandestevet seen in the colony. Sixteen paraded for the best level-paced hackney, and after con siderable trouble, the judges, Messrs. Yeo, Greaves, and Badgery, awarded the places at follows :— M- Love's chestnut gelding, first; W. and J. Buchanan's Gentlike, second; B, Gordon's Blackie highly commended j T, Love's and E. Tate's horses, were commended. Out of an entry of thirteen, after some clever jumping, E. H. Weston's Kyogle took the prize for jumpers, J. Calverfs bay being second. la the pony class Seymour took first, Weston second. Eight single buggy horses paraded, a well-paced lot, the best unmistakably being G. Somerville's Trump Card gelding; J. G. Johnston took second place, -with a neat mare. The ring was surrounded by an immense crowd, to witness the parade of hackneys ridden by ladies j of these a score appeared, an excellent lot of hacks, more than three-fourths of them being of superior quality. The prizes fell as follows :— W. C. Craig's chestnut, first ; W. and J. Buchanan's Darkle second j Tate, Brothers' Gay Lad, third ; R. Gor don's Darkie, fourth ; G. Couch's Shamrock, fifth ; T. Woods' Last Trial, sixth ; and Cole, Brothers' Darkie, seventh. There were several special prizes awarded in this class. The prize for the best lady rider was awarded to Mrs. W. J. Dawes. The 6how dinner, last night, was a complete success. About eighty sat down, the president of the association, Mr. D. L. Dymock, being the chairman, with Dr.* Tarrant and Mr. J. S. Farnell, Ms.L.A., in the first places of honour. These gentlemen responded to the toast of the Parliament. Dr. Tarrant said that the rail way ceremonies at Albury and Dubbo had kept many members of the Legislature away from Eiama ; but he was happy to have a gentleman so well respected in the district as Mr. Farnell with him. He knew that had a railway - existed several visitors from the metropolis would have come. Mr. Farnell stated that he had not come to the district to make a speech, he had selected the trip to Kiama as preferable to going to Albury or Dubbo. It was not his first visit to Kiama. As far as Parliamen tary affairs were concerned, he feared he was becoming worn out. He could not say much of the Parliament, as he had not had the opportunity yet to gauge the members, worth ; but he knew that in Dr. Tarrant Kiama had an honest member. (Cheers.) He could say that he had not come down to see the Kiama ghost, and he might ex plain that he was satisfied to be laid on the shelf, and would sit and support the present Govern ment so long as their measures deserved that support ; perhaps until old Henry and old Jack died he would never be afforded a chance to take the reins. As far as office was concerned, he had at least compelled those who followed him in power to pass many useful measures. He feared much that in a Government honesty did not suit He had voted against the Illawarra railway, because at the time the measure was before the House he did not think the district of the south should have that which was denied to other parts ; but now he felt that Ilia warn should, like the ftorth, have a railway, and he should support both lines, as ordinary roads should give place to rail ways, and he could not see why the coast district should be neglected while far-away places, South and West, were favoured. In responding to the toast, 'Success to the Kiama Association,' the President said that after this show, he was happy to say, the association would have at least £600 to its credit. 