Irish M.P.’s on the Situation. MR. 'I'. I'. DVdNNOIl, M.I\ At a meeliny lii'M in (ilasyow on the loth I >e c('iuI icr. under t he. auspices of t lie A n! i-( 'oercion Association, t.ono people beiny present, n n<l Mi'. .Iolill h’oryiison in t lie chair, M r. '1'. I’. O’t'onnor. M.P., who was received with yrcat enthusiasm, said that at this mo ment. as t liny were aware, a. i ria 1 was pending in Ireland, Now lie proposed to const inite another tribunal, and to put these criminals on their trial he fore, them : lie proposed to make that, meet iny to-niyht a jury het'ore whom Mr. Par nell and his col leagues would he tried, and he proposed to lay he I'o re I hem the charges of crime and wrony w hich t hev were supposed to have eommiiled nyainst the interests of their country. Ilaviny referred to the stale of affairs duri ny t he recent period of famine, and compared it, with that of 17. Mr. O't'onnor said---The t iovern ment. with Mr. (dadsloiie n,l their head, said that that was a shockiny state of thiuys wliicti reipiircii a reined''. They tried to re ined v it and failed. They had IN.()!)(» people threatened with death : the tlovermnent had t ried to save them and fa i led. \\\ ere t lie leaders of the present movement yoiny to allow them to perish .' f I .oud cheers, a ml cries ot "No ’) J'he only dilferenee hot ween the two epochs 'was not a difference in distress, was not an increase in the merer ot the landlords, was not tut increase in the power of the (lovernment to stay the hands of the landlords ; the only difference was that the Irish people had relied on themselves, and the Trish people had a noble leader worthy of t he yrea.t cause (loud and pt olonyi d eheer iny). What, then, was th" crime of Parnell and the Land J.eayue ((.'larrs, and cries of “ No crime.’’) His crime was that lie saved ten. twenty, perhaps a hundred thousand of Ids fellow-countrymen from death (loud cheers). His crime was, that he had stayed and rendered powerless the omnipotent arm of the relentless tyrant. His crime was. that he had raised and roused a spirit which would never die( loud cheers). He told them,his countrymen and countrywomen that, much as they knew of what was going on in Ireland, they had not yet grasped one-half oi the mitrhlv chancre (cheers). 11 ewould just tell them a little incident which oceured at Roseahilhom: of a thousand which lie heard during several visits he paid within the last two or three months to the county of Galway. A landlord look it into his head to evict some of the tenants (laughter). He had described to them two eviction scenes, winch took place also in the county of Galway, ami they knew' that in hoth these eases the evicted tenants went first to the skeleton walls, then to the ditch, and then either to the work house. or to the emigrant ship or the grave. The tenant then was a poor, helpless slave, and could only utter weak and impotent wailings against a relentless fate. Now, when the ten aids were turned out at Roseahill. they did not go to the workhosue. and they did not go to the ditch, and they did not go to tin; emigrant ship (cheers). They went to Father Goyne instead, and Father Goyne went to the hand League (cheers), and the Land League sent down some money, and with that money father Covnc built a house. He built a house just beside the land from which these people had been evicted, and he put the people into the house, and the people were there to this day (loud cheers), happy and comfortable, uttering no wan’d of menace and doing no deed of violence, but looking down on the landlord and looking down on their holding, and telling the landlord that they were not going away (loud cheers;. Putting the two scenes beside one another, did they not show them the mighty change which had come over the country.' (Cheers.) Did they not show them that the change which had taken place within the last venr and a half was not. a small change, was nut. a shallow change, but a change that went down to tlu; profuiindcsi deptlis of national life (cheers). He called that house at Kos eahill the tomb of Irish landlordism, and he told whomsoever it might concern that while, he had that scene in his mind he could say "Do what you please—pour in ten or twenty or fifty thousand troops to Ireland—put Parnell and his colleagues on their trial—suspend the Habeas Corpus Act—do this, that, arid every thing that you can—all the mighty forces of this great, empire cannot restore life to the ghost of Irish landlordism ’ (laughter and prolonged cheering). Did they see the tenants going down on their knees now- and supplicating the landlords for God’s sake to reduce their rents. No. the tenants came now in bodies, marching and organised, some of them on their horses (laughter and cheers), and. they said In the landlords, not " For Gods sake reduce our rents” (laughter), but, "In the name, of Heaven and justice, we have reduced the rents ourselves (lauglit er and great cheering). '1 hey did not take oil’their lia.ts now. Now, when they met their landlords, they met them like man meet ing man. with iheir chests up, with their heads erect : tlicv had infused into their people a. spirit of manliness, a. spirit ot courage, a spirit ot in dependence and of sell reliance that nothing could ever make pass away I rout Irish hearts. He asked 1 hem, the jury, wlmm lu; had em panelled to-night—-What was (lu: crime of Par nell.’ (Cries of •• None.”) Was he a criminal (Giies of " No.”) Or rather were not he and his fellows the' saviours of the Irish people.1 (Pond and continued cheering.) He asked Knglishmen and Scotchmen who professed to be humane and liberal, what, was the highest tri tribunal lx‘foi e which a man could 1 >e I ried ! W as it not a I ii buna 1 i if his o w n count ry men ! And I lad not t he t ri bumil before w hidi M r. Pan id 1 had been tried a 1 ready declared that so long as there beat an Irish heart there would lu1 a ta.bema.de in which his name would be blessed (loud dicers). What, was this law under whie.li lie was being tried ! II was a law under which Mr. O'Connor emphatically declared not t he. meanest mediame in this great city or in any of the ot her eit ies in Scotland or Lnglaiid would be tried. And. u hat was t lie t ribuual before whom he was going to j,e tried.’ W ho wen: t lie judges to pronounce. without fear, favour, or aifeetioii, between the Queen and ('lia.rles Stewart Parnell . 1 he\ had a specimen ol (lie impart ialitv, o! the hoc d just in: ( hisses), of the want of prepossession, in that scoundrelly oral ion which was pronounced by Chief .Justice May a. few days ago. W'hat. did that prove but this—that, the judge in Ire land was not like the judge in Lnglamd and Scotland, a free and just man t ry ing t he ease, no matter how high w a.s I he patriot or how lowly was the defendant - impart ia lly. calmly, coolly, and as between man and man ; but the judge in I reland was a eonspira.t or. and a tool, and an ili st in men t in t lie hands ot t he ant liorit ies t hat pa id him his salary (cheers). What, them was Hie position of (he Libera! Ministry.’ Tlicir position was this—I hey were trying the highest, ot Irish men under a iaw under which they would not try the meanest of Englishmen or Scotchmen* they were trying the highest of Irishmen before a tribunal whose polluted judgment would not condemn the smallest or meanest man in this great eitv ; and therefore the irresistible eon elusion was this, that they could try the highest Irishmen under a law and before a tribunal under which they would not dare to try the meanest Englishman or Scotchman (cheers). That was what f hoy called, lie supposed, equal laws between England and Ireland: that was what they called a n-tj'unr, of justice between England and Ireland: that was what they ealied a message of peace to the Irish people (cheers). Was it the case that English and Scotch Liberals had sympathy for Bulgarians, Jor Montenegrins, for (irecks, for Zulus, lor Afghans, but had not a 'word of sympathy (or their Irish fellow- subjects.’ (Loud cheers.) ‘•Oil, yes.” answered their English and. Scotch. Liberal friends, ■‘'out then there are these shock- ■ ing outrages (laughter)-—these terrible outrages, and these wicked ami inflammatory speeches (laughter). lie was talking to a Scotch Liberal the other day on this question, and he asked, ■■ How many murders have, there been within the present year.1" and the gentleman said, "Well, 1 would only go bark In Ihe last seven, weeks, and there was a, murder a week.' That was seven murders in seven weeks—that "'as pretty good (laughter), but he heard another Liberal who was talking about the out nines, and he was asking how many there were, and he said there were ten a day (laughter). Then that highly distinguished Conservative leader, Lord It. Churchill ( hisses and groans), gave his ver sion of the business, and 11is statement was that there never wen: such scenes of anarchy and disorder since the days of'US. Mr. O'Connor liked a good strong statement like that. It put one at one's ease (laughter):" and it, gave one something to get hold of (laughter). It: was dis tress and eviction that followed upon distress that caused the crime. They laid the distress and t lie evict ion in '-lb, '47, '4-S, and '4'.h and the consequence was that, they counted crimes, not. by the dozen or the score, but- bv upwards of hundreds ; and in 1S7N. 1S7!( and 1.SS0 they hail also the distress : they had .also, to some extent, the eviction, and the crime was such that the}' could count it. upon the lingers of one hand (load cheers), What was the reason of the vast, and enormous, and gigantic decrease in crime .’ The reason was that evic tion caused crime, and what arrested eviction, arrested crime. The Land League arrested evic tion. And more than (hat : in INK!, Lb-17. 1N4S, there' was. as was said by an able speaker, in the hands of the landlord the single, weapon of the crowbar, in the hands of the tenant the single and terrible weapon of the blunderbuss: but: now tile tenant had a far safer, securer, and more powerful instrument in combined, open, and tranquil organ Isa t ion. And let them mark what, was the change 1 hey had made in Ireland. It was a great social upheaval, and a mighty, mag nificent, ami irrevocable revolution in the rela tions between the tenants and the landlords of I reland (cheers). The revolutionaries of France restored the laud of France to the people of France, but that mighty and great, work wn.s done at the saeritiee of an ocean of blood and an ocean of human still'ering. But. they also had. restored the land of it country to the people of it, country: and they have therefore made as mighty a change as the revolutionaries of Franco ; and compare the mighty change they had made with {.he smallness of cost at which it had been purchased, and ho thought they tv on Id agree with him that never in 1 he history of mankind had, at: so small a cost, been purchased so large1, so mighty, and so great a revolution as the revolu tion that had created in Ireland (cheers). Well, they could a third to Laugh at t hose calumnies ; they could live down these calumnies. 'I'hey could afford also to laugh at Slate prosecutions, at. movements of troops and armed police. The people had already reaped t lie victory, and the only thing left to be done, was for the State to sanction by law the conquest the good arms and stout hearts of the peasantry had already achieved (loud cheers). Therefore he said there was not an Irishman or an Irishwoman who ought not to bless the day that, now shone above them. There was in>t an Irishman or Irish woman t hat ought not to be glad that they had lived into this great time. He told them all they were living in an heroic, age lor the Irish people (loud cheers.) The change t hat had been made, within the last eighteen months was t lie greatest, change ever made in their history, but yester ,1a v the Irish people-—the Irish nat ion —-was so mean that none would do her honour : to-day the Irish nation win so strong 'hat no one could dare to do her ill ; but yesterday and the Irish nation could have been compared to a crouching slave in chains, in rags, and with eyes dim witli the tears of centuries ; to-day ihe slave had leaped to her foot, I ho bonds were cast, aside, I la rags had changed into robes of light, the tall blood of new birth coursed through till her veins, and she gaznl with the steady regunl of' the eagle on the dazzling dawn of a new day of peace, prosperity, and freedom (loud and long con tinued cheering). 