I 'LA Jib h 'J-'* LR "Who may dare To name thins; by their real names? "-Faust. There are live and dead languages; the I I l;ui"u;ure of flow-el's and of the eye. The last ° • --i peculiar in some respccts, more 1 -"'n.v of winking—a mention^ _ ^ "^'lted oupeeially in a iViCKeu .... practice eoisfiiicd to iii6H; iUnl seldom au^f hy wonioii-. They, Mijs;. lilaj- ICivd rogiiish, irtefty twinkles iii their eyfe; but they inust not—nay, dare not; wink. But nien can wink as often as they please, and the worst that will be said about them is that "they are rude—very rude." Winking is the easiest thing in the ivorld, and there are such, lots of ways of doing it; too. How nlUch sohie of theiii irieaii! . Wiiolb sentences pages; they -are easily read social };elegrah}s of tlie simplest character. Society itself often winks at what Certain persons db, biit unless these certain persons are well to do the chances are society will refuse to pl- eterid its Unidntiss. A. godd dpa.1 depends oli the sensitiveness of individuals. If they do not aire what society thinks about them, or their doings, society wilL wink a good deal; but if they are tliin-skinne'd and only nl^derately well-oft' their actions both before aiid^behhid tlie curtain will , be thoroughly criticised and e^aminedi. The only legiti mate winks are the ptoverbial forty. Which inost.pe'ople can take at aiiy time without in fringing the moral code, The horse, as copybooks tell us, is a noble animal, but I fear horse-i-acing can scarcely be considered a noble sport. If it does not come within the scope of the Society, for Preven tion of Cruelty to Animals .it approaches closely to the line thereof. Cock and bull fighting are said to be interesting but de moralising exhibitions ; and donkey racing is stated to be too slow for average mortals, but horse racing is Appetising to "the multi tude-, perhaps because it is not over burdened with ethics. I never could see any sport in twenty or thirty equine favorites being Hogged to within several inches of their lives to satisfy the taste, whims> and'luorjllity of certain perverted minds ; and I never coiild understand why horses that people have keen foolish enough to place all their money on, can be righteously " scratched " at the supreme moment when expectation is on the tip too to sco what they can accomplish: Of course, people Can do what they like with their own, .and there is no moral or social obligation in racing. That maxim ia as old as the hills, but it is built Upon the supposed honesty and manliness of tlie owners of race horses. "Who supports racing! If the public did not do so, how many proprietors would collect together to see their horses run, for u paltry stake, the course devoid of other spectators ? Vamty of vanities, all is vanity. Tlie truth is (and it has never been told before) that if it were not for tlie 2>atronage and countenance (and countenances also) of tlie dear ladies, horse racing would become extinct. 'J hey have made what it it is by their sweet presences^ graceful smiles, and pretty dresses. (You bet !) The population of the globe (legitimate and otherwise) will some day be a serious matter of consideration. I am not a politi cal economist, but I think, nevertheless, something should be (lone to prevent ti wholesale increase of perpeUirti pauperis:ii. If it were not for tlvo harrowing news we oc casionally receive regarding 100,000 nieii being killed and wounded (and their wivbS becoming mostly widows); lialf-it-ciozen cities swallowed up by earthquakes or volcanoes: immense districts devastated by epidemics or plagiics, besides disasters at sea, there would be a literal crowding out for want of space on some portions of this earth's surface. Heaven only knows it is hard enough to ob tain daily bread, as things at present are; what it will be when there is more competi tion, it would be difficult to guijss: Though the rich and the poor meet together, and the Lord is the makef of them all, still the poor must suffer the most. To a certain extent they are to be pitied ; to a certain extent they are not; Very often they iilarry when they have no business to do so, and rear families When those families would be better non-existent. 1 feel I am skating on the vely thinnest ice in dealing properly with this question. It has been discussed in for bidden pamphlets, and out of them. It is quite as hard to elucidate, as the Social i Evil, or many other evils ; for surgery is not permitted by the State to deal with it. Turkey and some other uncivilized Eastern countries have to a certain degree placed a check on indiscriminate increase ; and in Brazil, the soldiery, or rather a large propor tion of them, are carefully selected from the families of carefully selected strong muscular persons. Ihere is no gainsaying this, and however unjialateable it may seem at first sight, it is certainly an improvement to the pigmy race we ourselves are dwindling down to. Our men and women collectively are not models of human clay. In fact, painters ! and senators in Victoria can scarcely obtain models ; the women being particularly petite. Their children still more so petite It is a common thing to see a very big man united to a very small woman. There should be a standard and a medium. Under the Empire, the city, streets and buildings of Paris were built according to established principles, and modified as much as possible to accord with those principles, and a generally harmonious design. It is a lasting pity, that sometliing cannot be effected in the same way, in dealing with the increase of population. Men and women of weak unhealthy physiques- should not be permitted to marry; unless under a heavy line. As it is, their good sense is trusted to, and we see the results daily. With reference to dispensing with the marriage ceremony if people will go that far, there is no remedy but to let them have their own way; and to occasionally pray for them. I verily believe tlmt) tlie representative lady mid gGiitlGinun of the period are as unlike Adam and Eve as chalk and cheese, or black (which must on the human chess' board give way) to white. Angels are of two kinds ; those who have wings and those who haven't. The first class, I have never been privileged to see I do not know whether I ever shall, but it has often puzzled me to think, who ever furnished them with wings. Now I may as well tell the truth at once. I do not beiieve in angels' wings, and I never did. I do not believe in ; ghosts, and I am more inclined to think that I if any class deserves to be believed in as | possessing wings, it is ghosts. They dis appear so quickly, they come and go with such marvellous rapidity that they must have some strong motive power to send them along. They seem also to thrive better in cold countries where there are ruined castles, and | little to eat, for ghosts would, live for centuries where angels or other men would starve. Shakspeare is one of the few dramatists who ever introduced them into plays. . Actors are fond of seeing them once a week; managers don't care so much. Their visits are like those of angels,: few and far between. ' ; Spitting, strange to say, reIievesiJie.sens.es and stomach onmaiiy" Occasions. ! If a foul wind passes your way, spitting will help you to get rid of its unpleasantness. If you are annoyed ; by charitable beggars . (I mean beggars for charity),' it is a peculiar parallel ism that a good " swear " will vastly relieve your mind. Of course, an indulgence in strong language is very reprehensible, al though at times effective and useful. I have known bullocks that would not move without aii oath, but then they had not been properly educated or trained; indeed, the romantic expressions that cattle arid horses. could lepeat if they were gifted with the power of speech, would astonish everybody. Even parrots occasionally startle tlie serenity of v e l egulated families, but they are no worse lan lunian beings who can remember a wicked expression or "shady" story, but can quote Scripture for their own purposes, like a certain august personage is said to be' awe to do. The story of pretty housekeepers for our Arcadian friends, will bear developement. The last place we heard from was "Western Australia, hut now intelligence is received from the widely distant colony of Queensland in the latitudes of which there is a town called Downsville. Further inland, there is a hot and arid region known as the Die Man Tina, and here on a cattle station dwells Snraggs^ the owner. Intending to ~"",T>ev on business, he° left "A Downsville travfel <h£ fftr a9 his hbuselcee'peir change, . till he returned: The IMfo drfe'SSfe'd Iiku v.. most perfect' lady of tlirit ioWH; was 66YS- , fortably located at the. principal hotel. A brief period elapsed, and the day at length arrived on which Charlie Spraggs was due by steamer. With a party of jovial friends, he proceeded to,the hotel, bent on continuing a card party, intcH'iipted by the termination of the voyage. The waiter ttild hiirt tha!t his room was " number nine." " Conie tiiij fihi fellows," lie.cried gaily, and they all ran upstairs iii Single file, he himself going first: but as he opened the door he fell into the arnig of—iiot MbrpheuS—but his dainty littl6 libusekeeper, AvliG was' tmaware ttf the presence of others oh the scGiic, • . Charlie dear," she said, "Tin so glad you've come; Ive been so lonely without you. AY hen are we going back!" Now, I may as well tell yotij reader, . by. way of a, postscript, that Charlie liiUl to explain to his friends that the little woman had accidentia mistaken Mm for hsr brother, who had been, expefctecf -:(sg Cliarlie said, and lie would not tell a lie) from Sydney by the same steamer, but failed to arrive. "You see," said Spraggs, "she's very short sighted, poor tiling, and liast aken me for her brother before. Deuced unplea sant." But those boon" companions, on thinking the matter over, very much doubt the coincidence of two Charlies . being, Dromio-like. the counter-nart of one another.' Do .yon l. CYNIC. 