? GBAVEYARD SUPERSTITIONS. IT is seldom that one hears now-a-days of the observance of the quaint funeral customs which formerly existed in many an English country village, the old- world notions which gave rise to them having died out, owing, perhaps, to the introduction of railways and school boards. Thus, in the north of England it was cu toinary, only a few yt ars ago, to carry " the dead with the sun" to the grave—a practice corresponding with the Highland usage of making " the deazil," or walking three times round a person according to the course of the tun. On one occasion, in the village of Stranton, near West Hartlepool, the vicar was standing at the churchyard gate, awaiting the arrival of tbe funeral procession, when, much to his surprise, the entire group, who had come within a few yards of him, suddenly turned back, and marched round the churchyard wall, thus traversing its west, north, and east boundaries. On inquiring the reason of this extraordinary procedure, one of the mourners quickly replied, "Why, ye wad no hae them carry the dead again the sun; the dead maun ay go wi' the sun." This is not unlike a Welsh custom mentioned by | Pennant, who tells us that, when a corpse was conveyed to the churchyard from any part of the town, great care was always taken that it should bo carried the whole distance on the right-band side of the road. Erom time immemorial there has bsen a strong feding of repugnance among th6 inhabitants of rural parishes to burial " without the sanctuary." This does not mean io uacoast'crc^d groua-;, but on fuo nurcn si us uf the church, or in a remote comer of tha churchyard. The origin of this prtjudics io said to have been tne notion that the northern part was thai which was appropriated tc vne iutermout of unbaptised i-itaxus, excommunicated persona, or such as had laid vioitnt hands upon themselves. Uence it was popularly known as " the wrong side of tha church." lu many parishes, therefore, this spo& remained unoccupied, while the remaining portion of the churchyard was crowded. White, in his "History of Skiborne," alluding to thiseuperstivion, gays that as most people wished to be bariea on the eoum eidu ol the churchyard, it became i;ucu a mass of mortality that no person could be interred " without disturbing or displacing the bones of his ancestors." Great attention has generally been paid, also, to the position of the grave, Ihe popular one being from east to west, while mat from north to south has been considered no» only dishonourable, but unlucky. A curious surviving custom at Welsh funerals is termed the "parEon's penny." After reading the burial service in the church, the clergyman stands behind a table while a psalm is being sung. In tbe meantime each of the mourners places a piece of money on the table for his acceptance. This ceremony is regarded as a token of respect to the deceased, a'though it was, no doubt, originally intended io compensate the clergyman ior praying for the soul ot' the departed. In some Welsh parishes, alto, a similar custom, called " spade- money," is kept up. After the corpse has been committed to its restingplaeft, the grave-digger presents hi3 spade j receptacle for donations, these offerings, which often amount to a goodly sum, being regarded as bis perquisite. In Yorkshire, at the funerals of che rich in former days, it was customary to hand " burnt wine'* to the company in a silver flagon, out of which everyone drank. This beverage seems to have been a heated preparation of port wiue, with sugar and spice, and should any remain, it was sent round m the ^ flagon to the houses of friends for distribution. This, of course, was a species ot funeral feast, called, in the north of England, an "arval"'—a lingering survival cf tbe offerings that originally were made to the ghost of the deceased. Among the superstitions that still cling to the cuarchyard may be mentioned one that has existed from the most remote period, and which has invested it with an atmosphete of dread—it having been generally supposed that they are iiaunfced by spectres and apparitions. Indeed, it has been truly pointed out by Mr. Tylor that through all the changes of religious thought, trom first to last, in the course of Jiuman history, the hovering ghosts of the dead make the midnight buriai-giound a, place where men's flesh creeps with t.;ror.-^-H arper's Weekly. 