332L>X.S32$r XtittS fl CHAPTER XIV.-CoNXINUKD. ?" A'DjiEAM/miBB-I am talking of a dream. I Hart'-1 made 'iipmy mind tlint I would say nothing toyou about it: and I hoped I should not seo | you until the dreadful impiersion made upon me had worn off." ' " Might not see me I What havq X to do. with this droam of yours ? \ Am I concerned jpjlt' '*; ^ Mostdoeply concerned, miss. Oh ! don't ' laugh ; you would not laugh, if you know what the droam was " ... y My, good woman, you may tell mo your dreani'^ith'"tlib most perfect safety," eaid Ellen, rather scornfully. ' " I am not in the loast degree, superstitious." " Nor X, "miss-nor fearsome ; though I have 8eeii; B0me strange sights in my past life";" but I was-nevor reckoned one to give way, nor should, X now, but the memory of this dream haunt's'mo. X cannot shako it off." "What was- it, Mrs. Bradstock ?" eaid Ellon. " Tell me ?" - ''You won't be angry, miss; you won't ber vexed with me. whatever I may say?" .^iNot ' I, my, good 'woman. Tell me at OD'fiOiV', '.!».» >? - {.{Well; thoD,'miss, I dreamt you and I were walking,together. along a lonely oom mon, 1 and tbatr we were both dying,of hunger jbut'you were the weaker of the two, and L{could,iscarcely drag- oua leg after the otlfeiy and were so faint and ill. I did my best to support and cheer -you up, and I was telling you of an inn thut,there was a little way off, wbioh I knew, where wo could get some;bread and milk, and. something to support lifeV but you asked, if we, must buy it, and I said 'yesj':. and uhen iyou told me you had no money, and I knew the people at the inn were hard and cruel, and would not give it us without moiioy, and I: was nearly as done asy you were. Just at ihot moment I heard the f trotting >of a horse coming nearer ' and nearer, andipresently I looked round, and saw a horseman hurrying towards us'. When ho oame close.along side, hO/fjumped off his horse,, and1 went straight to you.'' I could not see his face, for his cap,was pulled down over his eyes ; nor his figure, for he was wrapped in a large cloalfijibut in one hand ho held u large bog, filled with gold pieces, as one could hear whenhe rattled.itand this he,pressed into yourCtwo- hands, and, leaving it there, mounted his horse;-and rode awoyl" Mrs. Bradstock paused> for1, brea'h, and Ellen said, with a laugh; "There is not much harm; so far, to have a bag of gold pressod upon-"youj and, cannot be looked upon 'as an evil; oven' by. you, .Mrs. Brad stock." "No, miss, it was after that. I' was so glad at your having- money, ai>d of our being able to buy all we'wanted ut the inu, that I rushed up to you directly .'the horsa man had gone, and took you by tbo arm, and hurriefl -youon, oyer; to the house ; but just as wG1'got th'erevthere--came out from the door, the,figure of a man whom I knew very well' in-days'gbno by,.only. d ressod, not as usual, but in grave-clothes: '? I have seen many dreadful looks... on that man's face looks of rage, of sin, aud drunken fury';; but I never saw" onything so dreadful as tlio look of revenge with which ho pointed up to the horseman, .and.then pointod to tho bag, which yo'u still carried-in your hand ; and when'I followed liis glance,-and, looking down at yourjian'd; X _ do not'.know liow it was, but the .bag was gone, and -your hands .were ooverbil with blood,, which saeined to bo flowing from-'a" wound in the man's chest, and I shrieked out, Land awoko;'' ' ' " Yoiir alarm about me, was quite unneces sary, my good Mrs. Bradstock,1' said Ellen,' with a smiled' *" I see nbthing in that farrago of ghosts, and horsemen, and money, and blood, but; the consequence of an indigestion, or something of'that kind. . I assure you, so far as I apa^oncernod, l am not tho last dis turbed byUtsyiar,ratibn.''« - ? v " You^clo notrknowpthe man, miss," said Mrs. Bradstock} in a faint voice. "'Which man-tho horseman or tho gentle man in his grave clothes.?" said Ellen, still laughing.,,,i.1,ltNo:;o;I knew'rieithor of them, and hope never to,make.their acquaintance," "You laugh," said ,'Mrs."''Bradstock. <<YouhavGJlneverjknown,trouBle."' - ? "I would ''not'' say lhaV* said Ellen,, gently. " TheiOnp thing, is>.oortain-I;have no faith in-dro'a'ms,'noVmust you- have, Mrs. Bradstocki'-.'^Y'ou must shako off thainolan eholy impression jwhioli ypur last night's bad rost seems to'^hWomade upon you, and be.| yourself again.vifllwill oome and,see you to morrow, andihope to find you'quito recovered. Now, goodi night.',' ( ' , As she w.alkedj'down the road towards 'the villago, sli'e^.'sa^ynai poflt- ohaise-and:pair, ad vancing rapidly, to'theihouee. . As it passed, she saw tbatthor'6 was a gentleman inside. The horses were pulled upthe door' thrown open ; a man'sprung out, ond rushed' to her. It wos Erank.ijv >:.> Oh-aptebi XV:'" ON tho second'day after,that on which they liad hold .their '^firsts,frioadlyconversation; General Diokensonj walked'into Miv Pent weazlo's room at the.hotel, and, lighting'up his oigor, .r'equisst'bd^thoi favour of! a few minutes'talk1 with'that gentleman.:' .. ? - "I had*kbeenupxpooti'n'g:tho pleasure of seeing you before this, with roferon'oe.'to that liltle trip in the Mohican for. a coupje of friends aud yourself, which was.touched upon the other night," said,tho General, aeriten-' tiously. LhiiU. Mr. Pontweazlo was porfootly-aware of this. He had seen from .the first-or ut all events from the time a " cousideralion" was mentioned-that tlio gentlomnn mnnnt busi ness, and hoV.waB-^tbo' mubh'ra mail 'of ,the world not to jknow.-tbat'his own game would bo host played^ by oxliibitin'g no'over-anxiety in tho matter, by suffering, himself to -be" sought after, rather,than giving himBolf tho trouble to aoo,k,1rvpj,pom'8o.he.said nothing of this to liis 'nowly-found acquaintance, oontenting himself byedcolariug that though ho had beon much Wcupiod, .iho'isubjoot'had boon constantly in his mind. ?;> " Well," said tho Goneral;'1 smiling; -" as I undorstand ypu.'J.o bo still!'. agreeable,' that is all I want j but thero is noiitne'tb.'be lost now. I oxpoct:thoMohicaniwiIl b'eeignallod this aftornoonj and ns Leonard Has a'kind of hankering after flfe^,York,^ho -will'want to bo put throu'gh({thore at..onco ;: and <we shall probably sinift'so'soon aB he has taken'-' stock, and had a littlorland'-rpsli Two passengers, I think, ypri/fsa'idiybuS- would wish mo to tako ?" ',v < <% - ' . " Two, for certain." t> i. . - ~ " q-ti t --i 'jU-i1 } "Nrfed scarcoly a«;lc if you ar<» one of theia ?" said tbo GrmersU, whusp siitiBler eye begaa to roll nbout .after its usuil Hifrni ficaiicn of ex}ir«f<eioii. " Turoblo'l to that directly you mon!i mod it, ih iiifjh don't'quite sto ni}' way clear au to t!io why, unions it is muslin, which, at your time ot life, is not too likely." .. (To he continued)? 