HOME AMD FOREIGN. IRELAND. THE STATE TRIALS. SCENES IN COURT. THE FOUETH DAY. The following is taken from the Freeman of Saturday, 1st Jauuary : — Yesterday having been the last day of the old year, the worst enemy of the Attorney General cannot say that his opening speech occupied two years in delivery, for, at the witching hour of noon yesterday, the learned gentleman perorated and sat down. His own endurance was visibly coming to an end, as well as the endurance of his listeners. His voice was feebler and huskier, and there was none of the fine frenzy to which he rose upon the second day, when thundering against murder and fraud. Gossip had it that a hint from Mr. Biggar had something to do with abbreviating the proceedings. The hon. member for Cavan, it appears, who sat in front of Kv. Law, benignantly smiling, dropped a friendly suggestion that an hour of reckoning might come, when the the bill for this trial turned up on the estimates. But, of course, such things have no influence upon cclestibus animis. At all events, the Attor ney-General, having marshalled together the heads of his arraignment, and having once more trotted forth 'the marked man with the black cloud over him,' glided into a peaceful, solemn, dull, and doctrinairish peroration. All classes are agreed, he said, that security for the tenant is wanting, and that a peasant proprietary, honestly brought about, would be a proper thing ; only the traversers are going a mis chievous, visionary, and impracticable way about it. He did not, however, altogether despair of them. Looking hard the while at Mr. Parnell, who sat directly facing him, as moveless and inscrutable as a statue, he hinted, not obscurely, a hope that, when order and prosperity has rcturnedjto this^dis tracted land, his great abilities might yet be used in the service of his country in ways which her Majesty's Attorney-General could approve. Kindly said ; but, as a mere ques tion of dialectics, isn't there some screw loose in an argument which one day exhibits a man as a veiled incitcr to assassination and dishonesty, and the next prophesies for him a useful career in the service of his country, after the few years in gaol which Mr. Law proposes by way of apprenticeship P There was no applause in court when the Attorney-General sat down, which was surprising, for it was certainly the most exhilarating moment of the trial. Then a witness-chair was hoisted on the table, and after the witness-chair a witness, a. rather florid-faced, comfortable-looking, burly, middle-aged English gentleman, Mills by name. Mr. Mills is one of Gurney's corps of shorthand writers, and appears.to.be one of the principal experts imported from England', to attend the laud meetings, as official repor ter, when the Irish shorthand writers had repudiated the office. He apparently followed Mr. Parnell throughout the entire campaign during the recess, from the opening meeting at Ennis to the great demonstration at Watcrford. He came upon the table armed with a black bag full of shorthaud notes, and an armful of the written transcripts of the same, and gave his evidence with the perfect coolness, dullness, and regularity of an automaton. Talk about the Attorney General being occasionally wearisome, his dullest passages were cakes and ale with what was coming. People actually began to look back regretfully upon the fleshpots of Egypt — the Attorney-General's flashes of fire and energy, the old familiar catch-phrases, his fiery declamation of the Land League anthem — when they found themselves handed over for the rest of the day to Mr. Mills and the Solicitor-General. The Solicitor-General is a terribly serious man, who loves not idle jests, and he had a witness with no more imagination than a dictionary ; and what both of them had to do was to begin at the beginning of each of the traversers' speeches at every meeting, and read them right through, and then submit to a cross-examination in reference to every separate report and speech. Mr. Mills plodded through his task manfully, but iu a dry, hard, metallic English accent, never pausing to discrimi nate the grave from the gay, the jokes from denunciations, in his monotonous chant, and delivering the most impassioned passages with the same business-like impartiality as if they were no many bales of dry goods. To make matters worse, he spoke low, and was seated with his back turned to the press gal lery, with the result that neither the re porters behind him, nor, we are afraid, the jurors before him, were very much the wiser of what he was saying. If other witnesses speak as indistinctly, or if their position be not altered, the complaint uttered a, few days ago, and, which the Attorney-General for his part so promptly redressed, will recur with more force than ever. Four hours' talk at a land meeting, with banner and band and stirring sights is sometimes as much as) a patriot can bear at a time ; but what is to be said of a month's talk crammed together and delivered in a close criminal court in the stylo in which school boys read their lesson books P Thereby hangs a tale. Mr. Peter O'Brien Q.C., who iis counsel for Mr. T. D. Sullivan, M.P., in 'cross-examining Mr. Mills about a meeting held in Parsonsfcown, at which Mr. Sullivau spoke, preferred to read out his client's speech himself rather than let the witness read it to him. Mr. O'Brien has a rich, clear, racy voice, and made every sentence of tho speech tell with such effect, after the dreary' litanies of iho witness, that the Solicitor General interposed to suggest that the wit ness ought to be allowed to read the speech himself. Of course he got nothing but a' laugh for his pains, and Mr. O'Brien pro ceeded to make the court ring like a Land League meeting, with a capital little speech . of Mr. Sullivan's, proposing avote of thunks to tho parish priest, but inviting Protestant and Catholic alike to their ranks. But what narticularlv tickled the audience was Mr. Sullivan's appeal to the shopkeepers of tho . I towns to prevent the extermination of the I people, reminding them that ' bullocks don't § wear breeches.' A very palpable hit for the I traversers was the ruling that the Bishop of i Ossory's letter to the Kilkenny meeting, sug- 1 gesting that in some cases landlords owe I restitution to the tenants, instead of- the I tenants owing them rent, might be admitted I as evidence. The attempt to bring in evidence I a speech of Mr. W. IT. O'Sullivan's, show- 1 ing that ' Voices— Shoot them' haunted Mr. I Gibson's great Orange meeting in the Ulster I Hall, as well as Mr. Parnell's in tho South I and West, was not equally successful, not- I withstanding Mr. Macdonogh's tremendous 1 announcement that it was against law to I refuse to admit every word spoken from I beginning to end of the agitation ! It was I some such prospect as this, of having to listen 1 to some thirty odd thousand speeches on tho I land question, that drove Mr. Justice Pitz- 1 gerald ' to hint that, if this sort of I thing was to go on, it was about time he I should begin look out for a substi- I tute to go circuit during the March assizes! i Mr. Parnell followed the witness's report of 1 his speeches by reference to a reprint of the I Freeman reports which was briefed to the | traversers' counsel. Mr. Mills's accuracy I was not, however, questioned in any impor- 1 tant particular. Mr. Macdonogh wooed him, I on cross-examination, with his sweetest smile, I but he really had nothing to say outside his 1 notebooks, except that he was courteously I treated, and did not require police protection 1 at tlie meetings. The court, having indus- I triously sat until half-past five o'clock, ad- I journed, with universal assent, over New I .Year's Day, to Monday, a holiday which I gives judges, counsel, traversers, newspaper I readers, and newspaper-writers some prospect i of a happy New Year. _ 1 TIIE FIFTH DAY. ' I The following, is taken from the Freeman I of Tuesday : — - I „ Interest in the proceedings in the Court of 1 Q,uccn's Bench, or rather in the present stage' ? 1 of, thorn, was at low- water mark' yesterday. I The. only entertainment to be had in the, I court was to, listen to a shorthand writer] I pumping out stale speeches all day long. I The public patronage was proportionately. I limited. When the judges sat, two entire I hemicyclcs of the barristers' benches were ab- I Holutely empty. A. roving sub-inspector of I constabulary was the first to appear in them, I looking as lonely as a pelican. The public I gallery Ijalsoj^yawned perceptibly, and even I the traversers' seats had gaps in them. Mr. I Macdonogh himself, marvellous to tell, was E not in his place at the head of his' forces. 1 He rose on the horizon a few minutes after- 1 wards, however, with a Happy New Year i expression of countenance —an expression I which was not, indeed, shared by many in I court. The gruesome weather of the last I 4'orcr /Iqttq hnA linidp i f-« *rir»fr.ilTIS ? t.llftTfl Wfl.S fl, H very respectable chorus of bronchial coughs, one of the jurors appeared in a heavy white mu/fler, one was ^sneezing industriously, and Mr. Parnell himself had to yield to an attack of cold to the extent of wearing a dark-purple turban in court during the day. M. Charles Russell, Q.C., M.P., stood behind the judges on the bench for a couple of hours, and went away evidently quite satiated. Mr. Ion Trant Hamilton, M.P., and his wife, and a number of other ladies, also looked in, and, in the course of an hour's stay listened to Land League speeches enough to raise tlie root off the Constitutional' Club with horror. Another conspicuous figure upon the Crown side was the Chief of the Constabulary Detective Department (Mr. French), who took up a position of observation facing the traversers. Talking of the police, what is the meaning of posting four huge policemen in the front of the public gallery, with thoir backs towards the judges, and their eyes turned like mitrailleuses upon the unoffend ing persons iii the gallery P Is it thai; there is any reason to suppose that the clergynoi and unwarlike young ladies that there do congregate may bring 'an infernal machine in their pockets along with their luncheon P Architecturally speakiug, there is nothing to be objected to in the bade elevation of those tremondotis Metropolitans, asoxhibitcd daily to the wonder and delight oi: the judges ; but the attitude cannot be very comfortable either to the men or to the unbloodthirsty people Whom it appears to be their business to keep an eye upon. The vexed question throughout yesterday was, how much of the proceedings of the land meetings are to be brought in evidence beside the passages indicated by the Crown. On Tuesday, it will be remembered, Mr. Macdonogh protested it would be illegal to exclude a single syllable of all the ocean of speech that has flowed over Ireland those eighteen months past. At the sitting of the court yesterday, Mr. Justice Fitzgerald, to all appearance, coufessed that Mr. Mac donogh was not far wrong. At least, the modified ruling of the court was in favour of admitting the speeches of others besides the traversers, so far as they qualified anything said by the traversers, or illustrated the character of a meeting ; and as counsel for traversers must necessarily be tho- judges whether any particular speech is likely to .have that effect, the ruling practically leaves it within their discretion to ransack the whole report?, even to the votes of thanks to the chairmen. At the same time, it is left open to the Crown counsel to quote the speeches of third parties in support of their view of ? the in criminated speeches. Such a discretion, should it turn to indiscretion, would simply open up a vista of months of weary chatter ; and, in the interests of both parties, for the purpose of saving both public and private expense, Judge Fitzgerald made an appeal to the humanity of the learned gentlemen not to misuse their power. So the matter rested for the moment, but in a little time a speccli from Mr. Sexton, M.P., at Oulart, came under discussion, and Mr. Nolan (Mr. Sexton's counsel), not being satisied that the passages relied on by the Crown gave a fair representation of his client's sentiments, insisted upon having the speech read from beginning to end. Now, indubitably Mr. Sexton's speech was long. It covered some twelve folio pages of print, and discussed a great variety of topics ; and both the court aud Crown counsel began to fidget. Mr. Nolan, however, considered it his duty not to take the hint, and calmly invited the wit ness to begin a recitation of the speech to the men of Oulart, which occupied him rather more than half-an-hour. Judge Fitz gerald remonstrated, a little tartly, to no effect ; he hinted that a great deal of what was being shovelled out to the jury was mere ' rigmarole' ; and when this had no effect informed Mr. M'Donogh that, if. this were persisted in, the court would only have to sit from ten till six. Mr. M'Doncgh, for his part, appeared to have just as strong an objection as his lordship to an all-night sitting or an all-day sitting, and was chafing somewhat impatiently himself. He did something very like repudiating Mr. Nolan's action, and, as to what the jury were listening to, did not characterise it as ' stuff ' in such a manner as to indicate that he meant it. Mr. Nolan made no response, but quietly directed the witness to proceed with the reading of the speech to its close. When this eventful operation was concluded, it was time for luncheon, and in dismissing the jury for half an hour, Judge Fitz gerald significantly warned them to make the best use they could of that time, for the court meant to sit until six. o'clock. The jurors, having duly consoled themselves in the coffee-room during the allotted space, returned resigned to their fate. Mr. Macdonogh, however, had an announcement to make which cleared the air. He had consulted with his colleagues, who had a thorough ap preciation of the value of the time of the court and of the public. He declared, also, on behalf of the traversers that they had the fullest confidence in this tribunal. Now, what he was empowered to offer was this — that counsel for the traversers, in order to save time, would not insist upon the reading of the full speeches of the traversers, nor, unless for some special reason, travel into the speeches of others, if the Crown would supply them with full copies of the speeches in reference to which the witness was being examined, in order that they might be able to judge wether the passages marked out by the Crown reflected fairly the meaning of the speakers. Heretofore the Crown only sup plied the traversers with the full transcript of the shorthand writer's notes upon the morning following the examination, and the absurdity of furnishing the evidence of a witness wJio had been cross-examined the previous day was fairly dwelt upon. The Attorney- General resisted any concession upon the subject, and (translating the language of the law) told the traversers' counsel to fire away, and read all the speeches thej^ wanted; but Judge Fitzgerald thought Mr. Macdo nogh's application a fair one. He could only ' suggest' that what M'r. Macdonogh wanted should be given; but his lordship's 'sugges- tion' was meekly accepted by the learned Attorney. 80 the transcripts were ami cably shoved across to the traversers' counsel, there was a general haiser de I' amourette, and all. went dully as a funeral bell for the rest of the day. Two moro of Gurney's corps of shorthand writers were under examination during the day. They had nothing to do but fco practise elocution by reading the l'eports the livelong day ; and gentlemen of the hieroglyphic art do not usually shine in that line. On« of them, an elderly gentlemen named Harry, delivered the most revolutionary sentiments in the tone of :i sleek drawing room cleric reading out a thanksgiving at a iVf.ay meeting. Not one satisfactory laugh, occurred during the day. Once, while the speeches at the Riversville meeting were in course of: recita tion there was .some promise of better things in this respect, for the meeting was called to denounce ' IVIurty Hynes,' and Murty Hynes has been raised to immortality by. Mr. T. I). Sullivan in a certain famous lay, in which the poet relates how that excellent person sur rendered a farm at the instance of' the noble Land League,' who — ' dent a man fco Murty To reason out the caso ?' aud, in consideration of Murty's appreciation of logic, calls for ' Three cheers for the Land .League, and nine for Murty Hynes.' 13 ut what cared Mr. Harry for humour or poetry P Murty Hynes 'a yellow primrose was to him, and nothing more;' and he passed on to the Oulart meeting or the Carrickon Shannon meeting as unemotionally as he might from ' sixthly ' to 'seventhly ' in a dull sermon. The grotesque thing about the whole procedure was that here, in the Court of Queen's Bench, a series of Land League meetings, as it were, should be held with her Majesty's judges in the chair, and specimen after specimen of the oratory that inflamed the country received with perfect gravity,, in the very penetralia, of British power. But the speeches in Mr. Harry's mouth were rather the ghosts of speeches dead and gone ; the war-drum throbbed no longer;,, the, ban ners were gone, and the ' prolouged cheering' that sounded over the Cannaught hills had not life enough to walce up an old, gentleman who was snoring in the gallery. . 