THE MERCURY MONDAY MORNING, JAN. 31, 1881, The Intercolonial Conference of January, 1881, is a thing of the past, and like its predecessors, has left no substantial memorial of its delibera- tions. The members evidently felt there was a want of reality in the proceedings. They were oppressed by the conviction that in their indi- vidual position as representing their respective Colonies, and in their deliberations as a Con- ference, there was so much of a tentative cha- racter as to forbid practical results, and the only impression which the Conforence has left is that the gentlemen present have been in- dulging in a sort of dilettante statesmanship. Even had the Conference met under moro pro- mising circumstances, and with moro advanced ideas as to its powers, the iaolated position Victoria took up would havo precluded tho pos- sibility of combined notion, except on the assumption that all tho other Colonies should surrender the principles which have guided their fiscal policy, nnd accept as the basis nf any united action the protectionist policy of Victoria. Though Mr. Berry affected to think such abandonment of principio on tho part of tho other Colonies pos- sible, ho could hardly havo expected that States and statesmen would put asido the traditions of a political life as they would an old glove. Ho was evidently playing a game, trying to overawe where ho could not expect to convince, and ho, perhaps of all the representatives at the Con- ference, carried his point. On the question of a uniform tariff and Customs union there was no insuporablo difference among the other Colonies represented, and had the delegates deliberated with a sincere desire to arrive at an arrange- ment, and with a determination to Bink minor differences in order to attain a common good, the first step might have been taken towards such a practical confederation as would havo put an end to tho internecine dissension which, in fiscal matters, leaves each Colony to regard its neareat neighbour as a foreign State, and to build up barrierain tho shape of duties on imported produce and manufacture. But tho other Colonie8 had not tho courage of their opinions. They were de- terred from turning thoir concord to account by the awe in which they stood of thoir big brother Victoria. The Premier of that Colony had, boforo leaving for the Conference, stated publicly that Victoria was indifferent to any action on tho part of tho other Colonies which did not embrace Victoria ; nay, was likely to bo the profiter, while tho other Colonies would suffer by cutting themselves off from the trade of Victoria. It was a foolish, silly boast but was in keeping with the self sufficiency by which Mr. Berry, failing to take a fairly comprehonsivo grasp of any subject, has crippled the trade and commorco of Victoria, while fancying that its industrial and com morcial interests were being advanced. But either by properly gauging the minds of the timid delegates with whom he was associated, or by a lucky hit, Mr. Berry's little bit of gasconade had the effect of putting a complete curb on the independence of the Conference. The delegates unable to accept Mr. Berry's protection policy, or to convinco him of the soundness of their free trade faith, agreed to givo the question the go-by. Thoro was much discussion ovon formulated into motions, but as i tho King of France marched up tim hill | with twenty thousand men and thon marched down ngain, tho Conferonco resolved and did nothing. They wore afraid to assort their con- victions against Mr. Berry's determination not to hear reason, and ho 1ms probably left the Con- ference with a higher idea of his own import- ance than oven in those halcyon days when with the mob of Victoria ho was a god. Pre- suming on tho doferonco paid him in Sydney, ho was liberal with his advico that the other Colonies should accept tho fiscal policy of Victoria, but resented as a piece of impertinent presumption the suggestion that Victoria should assent to discussing a Customs policy on tho tariff of Now South Wales. But he was not alone in seeking for himself an exemption from the rules of conduct lie would havo others obsorve. The Sydney Morning Herald complained that though published in the city in which tho Conference waB sitting, it lind to go to the Melbourne Argils for any detailed information as to tho proceedings of tho Conference, and, adopting an injured air, it re-published in Sydney what had been pub- lished in Melbourne) of what had been done in Sydney. Either desirous of curbing the liberty of action of tho other delegates, or of disarming tho wrath of the leading journal of his own Colony, Sir Henry Parkxs, the Promier of New South Wales, so far forgetting himself in his notions of his own self-importance, or presuming on the immunity with which ho thought ho could snub the delegates of the other ColonieB, issued a circular to the delegates complaining of what ho wns pleased to consider a breach of privilege on the part of some of them in giving information to certain newspapers. This impertinence was resented, and in tho course of the discussion, it carno out that Sir Henry Parkes had himself done what ho condemned in others. The offence was one of degree. Sir Henry supplied the brief information on which the Sydney Morning Herald was ablo to furnish meagre paragraphs, while some ablor or less lazy correspondent had supplied tho Melbourne Argus with a full telegraphic summary of each day's proceedings. Tho discussion on tho circular of the Premier of Now South Wales, " ended in a bit of chaff," but not the less was Sir Henry Parkes' conduct an evidence of that over-bearing demeanour which some inflated Ministers aro silly enough to adopt towards Colonies and Ministers whom thoy regard their inforiors. Even if, as Sir Henry Parkes said at the picnic givon by the Mayor of Sydney to the delogatos, " his Government wore not jealous of any other Colony, but desired abovo all things to stretch out the right hand of good fellowship to them in a broad and liberal spirit, and to soo thom advance as one united Australia," thero were not wanting evidences of that patronising oondescension which1 ia, perhaps, more irritating than would be a direct wrong. There has long been a growing conviction that between Now South Wales and Victoria there has been steady struggle for premier position among the Colonies, and the result of the Conference teaches one great lesson, and that is that if a "one united Aus- tralia " is really" contemplated, it ib but as a means to an end, the absorption of the Aus- tralasian ColonicB in Victoria or in New South Wales. These two Colonies ¡ire the players, and there is too much reason to four that the j' regard the other Colonies as their shuttlecocks and battledores. Though except as a matter of history, the fact may have littlo bearing on tho questions at issue, still it is a fact to be kept in remembrance that the recent Intercolonial Conference at which delegates from each Colony in the Australasian group were present, nroso out of a Conference attended by representatives of only New South Wales, South Australia, and Victoria, and con- vened for the purpose of attempting some general understanding on the vexatious imports existing in Customs duties charged on goods passing from any one of these three Colonies into another over the dividing or border line, and which eventuated in an agreement between Now South Wales and South Australia, Victoiia retaining a position of unyielding isolation. But it may enablo our readers to arrive at a moro just appreciation of the labours of the later and more comprehensive Conference to which the three Colonies named asked the rest of tho group, if we enumerate tho subjects on which the former Conference desired the views of the other Colonies in the Conference which has just brought its labours to a conclusion. The invitation asked an interchange of ideas on the following subjects, viz. : (1.) Federation. (2.) Military and Naval De- fences. (3.) Bordor Customs Duties, (&.) In- tercolonial Free Trade. (5.) Court of Appeal. (6.) Intercolonial Legislation. (7.) Railway Ex- tension. (8.) Railway Tariff. (9.) Telegraphs. (10.) Postal Matters. (11.) Patents. (12.) Chinese (13.) Vino Diseases ; und (14)Disease of Stock. As wo said when anticipating the Conference :-" Three of these subjects havo fromgeographical causes no interest for Tasmania or Now Zoaland. Neither of the Island Colonies can do moro than express an unconcerned opinion regarding Border Customs Duties, Rail- way Extension, and Vino Diseases. Thevosations of Border Customs affect at the present moment New South Wales, South Australia, and Victoria. Ultimately Queensland must be drawn into the vortex unless a reasonable system of border treaty is agreed to, or a uniform tariff is esta- blished to which all the Colonies shall be parties. This is within tho range of possibility, and this >s all which can be Baid ;" and more than most persons would say after reading such reports of the proceedings of the late Conference as have been made public. It doo3 not appear that tho subject of Bordor Customs Duties was once brought under consideration. Tho same may bo said of Vino Diseases and of Diseases of Stock. The last-named subject is of importance to all the Colonies, but whoever was responsible for placing it on the programme accepted also the responsibility of not moving in it, except in the shape of an indefinite recommendation made at the last moment, and as if an after thought. The ques- tion of Railway Extension was alone applic- able to the continental Colonies, and a brief discussion showed that the ideas of the mover, Mr. Morgan, one of the South Australian delegates, wore rather crude. New South Wales could not see its way to incurring the expense of railway construction through country not suitable for tho purpose. Thus was speedly disposed of the question of "Railway Extension," and with it "Railway Tariffs. " The questions of " Telegraphs" and " Postal Mattors" were also among . the slaughtered innocents of the Conference, and to the very simple proposition that Patents obtained in one Colony sliould be applicable to all the Conforenco could not bco its way, so that virtually eight out of the fourteen subjects set down for discussion were not touched on. There remained therefore only Federation ; Military Defences ; Intercolonial Freetrado ¡ Court of Appeal ¡ Intercolonial Legis- lation, and the Immigration of Chinese. The federation of the Colonies in the more comprehensive and legitimate moaning of the expression was not made the subject of discus- sion, but several debates arose on the proposal for the creation of a Federal Council. On this subject the reports of the proceedings of the Conference aro vague and indefinite, indeed that would seem to have been characteristic of the proceedings themselves, for wo read that on "A Bill for the creation of the Federal Council" having been submitted, " a very long discussion took placo over its general principles, and thero seemed to be con- siderable difference of opinion on its main fea- tures. The objections raisod wore, in fact, so strong that the Bill is not likoly to be assented I to in its present form." Whether this is matter of regret or satisfaction, is a subject in which we aro not in a position to offer an opinion. Our information is too meagre. To the action, or rather non- action of tho Conference on the question of Intercolonial Freetrade, wo havo briefly adverted abovo. As it has been on ovory previous occasion, it has on the present, been loft over for future consideration, and this will go on ad infinitnm unless two or more of the Colonies take the matter into their own hands, and make Buch a beginning as will compel the others to follow thoir example. The Imperial Par- liament some years ago passed an Act to enable any two or more Colonies to establish freetrado in their respective products ond manufactures ; and under that statute, and an Act passed by its own LogisUturo, Tasmania made advances, and with considerable prospects of success, to Victoria, South Australia, Queensland, and New Zealand. But the curse of Colonial adminis tration, changes of Government, put a atop to tho négociations, and since 1875 no attempt has beon made to renew them. An opportunity now presents itself to tho present Government of taking up tho lost threads of négociation. If only an arrangement with one Colony could bo made, the " middle wall of partition " would be effectually thrown down, and intercolonial free trado follow as a matter of course. On the question of Defences some very wide claims to Imperial aid were put forth ; but on an amend- ment moved by the Premier of Tasmania, the Conference resolved that while tho Colonios are willing to undertake their own defence by land, the naval defences of theso Colonies, which are at present inadequate, should bo increased, and become the exclusive charge of tho Imperial Government. The broad principle affirming the expediency of "an Australian Court of Appoal " open to suitors who are dissatisfied with the decisions of thoir respective Supreme Courts, met with the general approval of the Conference. But tho proposal is likely to break down in matter of detail. Colonists will not willingly assont to forfeiting tho right of appeal to Her Majesty in Privy Council. If the pro- posed Court of Appeal is intended to bo any- thing moro than an intermediate step, its pre- tensions will dofoat its purpose. As an inter- mediato Court, and claiming respect for its decisions, the very highost talont must be made available. That infers a largo annual cost, a branch of the subject with which the Conference did not trouble itself. Other practical diffi- culties in dotail may be left for discussion when the Bill for the establishment of tho Court of Appeal is before our local Parliament. The deliberations of the Conference on subjocts of Intercolonial legislation wera apparently con- tradictory. Much stress was in each Colony placed on the proposed extended powors which would follow into any Colony in which ho might seek impunity from his obligation, the deserting husband or parent ; and it was with satisfaction j that we read, " most of the other resolutions passed in Melbourne, such a« those for the ' arrest of oftbndöis of one Culuiij in anuthei by anticipating wai rants by tolcgrami, for the re- covery of debts and damages originating in any Colony in any other, and for tho apprehension of men deserting their wives and children, woro ro-aflirmed ;" but wo afterwards road that on tho recommendation of a Committee to whom was referred the preparation of tho necessary Bills, " the Bill for tho recovery of debts and damages was postponed jiiiecfic." The only othor subject of general importanco dealt with was tho immigration of Chinese, which some of the Colonies, notably Victoria, would altogether exclude. But in tin's, as in othor matters of Victorian enlightenment, the Colonies as a whole wore not prepared to givo in thoir adhorenco, and the Conference has made a sort of protest against tho introduction of Chineso "in largo numbors," an clastic expression that may mean anything or nothing, but which, in any sonso it may be taken, is not at this advanced period of the nineteenth century, creditable to tho Colonies as British communities. Summary for Europe.-Our fortnightly Sum- mary will bo fouud on the fourth pago. Vice-Regal. - His Excellency the Acting Governor. Sir Henry Lefroy, accompanied by Captain Hussey, private secretary, paid a visit to i he French transport ship Finistère at noon on Saturday. Tho yards were manned in honour of the visit, and as His Excellency left the vessel the white ensign of the British navy waved from the top of the foremast, and a vice-regal saluto was tired. The Hon. the Premier.-Mr. Giblin, who arrived in Launceston yesterday per the sicamor Flinders, from Melbourne, carno on with a number of other friends to Hobart by a special train which arrived here last night at 10 o'clock, or about an hour later than that of the week-day arrival of the express train. The special was also to bring on the mails. It is to bo hoped that the Premier will not rest till ho has secured for the public the conveni- ence extended to himself. What eau bo done in ono instance can bo done in all. What considera- tion can be extended to a Ministor of tho Crown should bo extended to the people. Intercolonial Mails.-The Post Office au- thorities Lavo informed us that the maila which arrived in Launceston yesterday (Sunday) will bu brought on by the ordinary train this morning (Monday), and a window doliveJy of the letters will take place at the General Post Offico at or about 7-13 o'clock this evening. Since the »novo was written we leam that a special train was to arrive last night, by which it was expected the mails would bo forwarded, in which ciso tho deli- very will take place at the usual hour this morning. Legal Examinations.-From further informa- tion placed at our disposal in connection with the recent legal examinations under the Barristers and Attornoj8 Act-the marks having been made up to Saturday morning-wo aro enabled to state that Mr. M. J. C. Allport has pasaed a very ereditahlo examination, gotting 852 marks out of tho possible 1,200. His best paper was conveyancing, and he succeeded in satisfying the examinera in every sub- ject. Mr. Allport takes 11th place on the list of those who have passed similar examinations, but as wo have stated on former occasions this list is not altogether reliable as a reference, the time for the examination having been extended of lato years from two to three days, while the papers set vary also in difficulty-a stato of things which is of course natural and unavoidable. Mr. Allport is the third of his name on the Supreme Court roll, his grandfather, the founder of the present firm, his late respeoted father, Mr. Morton Allport, aud his unole, Mr. Curzon Allport (of the firm of Roberts and Allport, to which Mr. M. J. C. Allport ia still articled), having all bean admitted in years gone by, and gaining high reputations, which the new comer will no doubt work hard to sustain in his own season. Mr. Walter Croft, tho second successful candidate, hails from the office of Mr. J. Powoll, of Launccstoo, and his papers are also con- sidered very creditable by the examinera, though he takes a lower place than his companion. City Council.—The following is the business for consideration at the meeting this afternoon :—Re- ports from the various committees as follows, viz.:— Public Works : On petition for repairs to Queen- street ; on application of Mr. John Gellie to sur- render a plot of land 13ft. wide along Queen-street, on certain conditions ; on application of Mr. John Semple for permission to erect a signboard in Liverpool-street ; on representation of Mrs. Lacy as to an escape of water, stated from a Corporation main. Waterworks : On application of Mr. J. G. Shield for extension of the main to Mary and Arthur streets ; on petition for a water supply at New Town. Lighting : On application of Mr. A. Luckmann, requesting the Council to rescind a former decision relating to a gas lamp pedestal. Orders of the Day : Further consideration of report on petition for alteration in the angles of certain streets at Battery Point, the adoption of which was proposed by Mr. Alderman Maher, and seconded by Mr. Alderman Seabrook at the last meeting. The Domain Improvement.-For some months past prison labour has been employed from time to time, as opportunity offered, in effecting improve- ments in the Queen's Domain. Some of theae havo been noticed in our columns already, and wo are now enabled, through the courtesy of the Sheriff, Mr. John Swan, to give the details of the work done. Mr. Swan has placed at our disposal a re- turn whioh shows tho number of days on which men were employed, the number of men employed on each day, and the work on whioh they were engaged. The largest of the works undertaken and carried, so far aa it haa gone, to a successful poiut, waa the levelling down of the old quarry, which waa, in its former state, not only a great eyesore, but also a source of danger to children who might be playing on the public recreation ground. In altering it to its present condition a gang of about 30 men was employed for 282 days, or nearly all the working days of a yoar, and the effects of this organised effort is tho formation of a level earthy slope, on which it is intended to plant shrubs and plants, forming a garden, whioh will bo enclosed with a moro ornamental fence, and will, without doubt, be' as favourite a resort of invalids and visitors as Franklin Square is uow, with the addi- tional advantage of being outside the town. Another vory important work was accomplished by placing a number of men to clear away the loose stones and largo fixed boulders from parts of the Domain very much frequoutod at all times by the public, and at stated periods the rendezvous of large orowds of pleasure-seekers. The Regatta giound has, by the labour of 19 men for 19J days, been in this way made much less dan- gerous to the ordinary pedestrian and the throng of persons who will be upon it a week hence. So, too, around the battery-on the slope down to the rail- way line, on the river side, and on tho northern side, on what is now known to footballers and cricketers as "Tho Battery ground"-men have been put to work removing stones, and nearly 250 tons in all, soma loose, somo firmly embedded in tho earth in huge blocks, havo been carted away, making the surfneo much less likely to cause broken arms and heads to votaries of the oval or tho willow. Six mon were also told off, and worked for five days recently in removing fallen trees after the disastrous gale in Decembor last. Road-making has had its share of attention. In forming a good road across tho uneven approach to the bridge over the railway line, and in mending that on the other side down to tho Baths, 30 men wero employed for a day and a half with very good result, while five mon havo been working for 103 days in topping and repair- ing the lower roads, which wero beginning to need such a helping hand very badly. Two other little works may also bo included in the recent opera- tions-9 mon employed for a day and a hslf in clearing ground behind the Inspector's office, and 10 men for two days in clearing rubbish away to tho old quarry. The whole of theso works havo been carried out by prison labour by the order of the Sheriff, and the way in which the great public recreation ground will bo improved by them ontitlo him to the warmest thanks of the public. It is intended to continue to employ the prisoners in similar ways when practicable. It in cheering to know that, from the diminution of prisoners in tho house of correction and gaol, thore has very fre- quently boen some difficulty ia filling np the quarry gangs of late. The Charge against P. 0. Peterson.-On the resumption of tho hearing, at the City Police Court on Saturday morning, of the chargo against the man Cleary of disturbing the peace early on the previous morning, the evidence adduced, which is given fully elsewhere, adequately justified the ad- journment, which was granted by tho Police Magistrate ; the man's statement being so far cor- roborated by witnesses who, if of low character, were evidently witnesses of truth, as to secure his discharge, and the constable's evidence boing so seriously contradioted as to render an enquiry into his conduct imperativo. The revelations respeotiug the City of Norwich publichonse aro simply dis- graceful, and show, as tho Polico Magistrate said, how muoh promises at licensing meetings aro worth. Despito the conditions under which the license was grantod, the verbal bonds of the solicitor and agent for the proprietors of the house being given that the tonant would bo ohanged, and the charaotor of the house ohanged with lum ; de- spite the fact that the licenso was withheld until half at least of this bond had been complied with things have now returned, acoording to the state- ment of the Superintendent of Police on Saturday, to their old state ; housos, residents, and the scenes enacted are as vile as ever-in the words of our Chief Justice, oft quoted before, "a disgrace to civilisation." Are we powerless against such a state of things ? Tennis.-All tennis players and cricketers will be glad to see the name of Mr. R. D. Walker onoe more in the list of our visitors. His brother, Mr. J. D. Walker, accompanies him, and we need not tell any cricketer of the esteem in whioh his name is held in the great English cricket world, Mr. Weld-Blundell has also arrived, and we may, we ' think, predict a lively season for our tennis club. liirATitr Bo\ vl-Tin* f,iene1I pcrfoimancos of Mi C H Loako, tho trajee linn, vv ere gi v en al tho Ihialre Rojal on Satin da) evening vthen the programme was nn admirablo one, embricing four Botn of tho Three Guardsmen, the closet scono of Hamlet, and a recital of tho " Sc\tn Ai.es of Man " Despite tho luclemcnc) of tho wea Hit thero «as a much larger attciidunco than ia umally to bo obtained on a Saturday evening Iho frequent applause which was acconledMr Led othiounhont tho evening showed how hrmi) ho had established himself as a favourite At the close of the per formalices Mr I eako carno before tho footlights and was received with much enthusiasm Hie applause having subsided, he said ho was very glad to meet them »gain that night on the occasion of his farewell appearance He behoved that ho stated tho other evening that ho would make oomo remarks with regard to tho gentleman who had recently maligned Ins profession in tho papers Ho did uot intend to say much, because thero was not much for lum to reply to When those gentlemen wrote upon tho stago they wero writing upon a subject which they knew nothing about (Applause ) Now, ho ha 1 nothing to do with Christianity Ho had no issues whatever with religion He lovorcd its precepts and honoured its disciples Ho regarded the sincero and true Christian as one of the noblest works of God -(applause)-but when he carno to Ins hearth, and to his home, ho had no right to say stoud by for I am holier than thou (Chcors ) One of thoBO gentleman to whom he alluded, who w roto one or two good Latin expressions, and somo very bad English, asked the question, why it was acti esses wore despised by theatre gocrB ' Tor the life of him he could not toll him, and he did not believe the questioner could tell why Tor the question assumed as a fact, what was not a faat As far as he was concerned, he should be sorry to learn that ho was despised by thoao good people in this cam munity who took lum by the hand and said they vv ere very glad to seo him (Applause) He did not believe that they wero the hypoorites, the writer would represent them to ho And let him tell them about a little inoidont which occurred some j ears siuoe A gteat number of them will probably remember Jefferson (Hear, hear) He was a man and a gentleman, every inch of him Adeaconof aohuroli walked two miles Ihroueh a »now storm to visit Mr Jefferson Now, if that deacon despised Mr Jefferson and his class, why should ho take all that trouble ' 1 hen, ho reinen bered that when Mrs Warner was on her deathbed, oui gicat and good Queen Victoria sent her carnago every day to take her out for an airing (Cheers ) And thoso vi ero tho people who wero despised by the community at largo1 No, the) weru not Ho know of ladies in his profession whom this man would havo been proud to call his sister or his mother He had nothing to say against the writer in question, but in tho language of a great and good man, Abraham Lincoln, would recommend linn to show charity to all, and mnlico to none (Great applause ) To night Mr AVybert Rcove, who, as an author, and also as an actor, has achieved much success elsewhere, will mike bia first appearance, bustainmg Count Fosco m Wilkie Collina' drama of the Woman m White Kettfn, hie PilNisr-We understand that negooiitions have been opened with Ketten, the celebrated pianist, now making tbn tour of New ¿ealand Ile has consented to pay Hobait a visit, conditional on a guarantee of a certain sum being given, and an effort is being mads to raise tho amount by subscnption It is to be hoped it will be successful, as every lover of music would, we feel assured, be delighted to listen to the playing of so accomplished a performer Sin Archibald Michies ¿ccroRF - This oven nig there is likely to be a largo mid len co at the Town Hall, where Sir Archibald Miehio, Q C , late Agent General for Victoria, will lecture on " Ghosts and Apparitions " His Excellency Sir Henry j Lefroy will preside The proceedings begin at 8 o'clook. Cricketers'BazaarEnteutainment -Notwith- standing that the variety of public amusements and numerous social gatherings at the present season offer so many counter attractions, we are pleased to learn that tho Children's Pmafin e entertainment, to tako placo to morrow evening, at the Tasmanian Hall, in aid of tho Cricketers' Bazaar, promises to become a great success, owing to the energy and activity exhibited by members of the committee in disposing of tickets, the sale of which no doubt has beenassisted by tho very fa\ourableimprossioulcft on the public mind by the youthful amateurs at their late performances By au inadv crtoncy the price of tickets has been inserted in advertisement 2s, instead of one and two , a limited number only, how ev or, remain for disposal and may ,bo obtained at Mesbrs Wileh's and Mr Hood's Garrison Athlliic Si ours -In another column will be found the programme of theso sports, which aro to take place on Saturday afternoon next, on the upper cricket ground It comprises 15 events, including soma novelties, such as a tug of war, a bucket race, a cask and cart contest, a raco for blue jackets, a raco for marines, a single stick coûtent, and an ambulanco race The sports will bo under the patronage ot His Excellency the Administrator of the Government, Commodoro Wilson and the officers of Hor Majesty's ships, and the Commandant and officers of the Local Torces By kind permission of the officers, the Baud of II M ? Wolv ereno will play during the afternoon, and tho Artillory and lliflo Bands will also play selections In order to make tho affair as popular as possible, the committee havo fixed tho price of admission nt sixpenco, and already a considerable number of tickets have bann disposod of Should tho weather Drovo favourable, a very large attend- ance may bo expected, especially as the committee have secured the patronage and co operation of our naval visitors, and wo have co doubt the sports will bo a great success HoiiARi Kfoattv. -A mcetuigof the regatta com- mittee was held at the Bird in hand Hotel on Satur day evening Present Messrs 0 Dowdell (enan man) W J Watchorn, J G Turner, A E llisby, J Alitchell T Bennison, D MacMilIan, J Hoyle, and J O'Boylo (hou secretary) fbe Hon Secretary reported that ho, with Mr JIacMil'au, had visited tho war vessels Wolverene, 1 mistcrc, and Europa that afternoon with reference to the races and the boats for tho flotilla Commander Watson, of the Wolverene, renewed his assurances of assistance to the committee, and informed the deputation that the steam pinnace w ould bo placed by Commodoro Wilson at tho disposal of His 1 xcellonoy Sir Henry Lefroy, and suite, to convoy them to tbo regatta ground with the flotilla J ho officers of the TiniBtbre also expressed their vv îllingness to assist the committee with boats for tho races and flotilla On board tho Europa tho offloors wero entertaining a private party, and the deputation had no opportunity of conferring with them It is to bo hoped that hor departuro will not toko placo till after the regatta, and that her boats will be entered for some of tho races The following four races were decided upon for boals belonging to tho ships of war_Sailing race for all classes of boats, cutters rowing, gigs, all classes of boats rowing togother, £4g waa voted as pn?e money for the above races \Ir W J Watchorn has aery kindly placed the s s Minx at the com mittce's disposal for the conveyance of tho Artillery Baud, which will leave tho Monarch pier at 9 o'clock sharp on regatta morning Tho appointment of judges and umpire was doferrod till the next meet ing ihe finances are Btill m a very unsatisfactory condition It is very gratifying to learn from the reports of tho various deputations that have waited upon Commander Watson that he is taking such a lively interest m the affairs ot the regatta and has the spirit of a truo sportsman in him When the Hying squadron was hero in 1870 this gentleman was a lieutenant on tho flagship, H M S Liverpool, and was a very active member of the squadron regatta committee YACHT RACE.-A race for second-class yachts took place under the auspices of the Derwent Yacht Club on Saturday afternoon, and resulted in the Aida proving the victor, winning by 10sec. The other competitors were the Kittiwake (second), and the Mischief (third). The winning boat is owned by Mr. E. H. Pearce. The Weather.-On Saturday evoning there was another chango, a spell of sultry weather being suc- ceeded in tho evening by a smart downpour of rain. There were also showers of raia at intervals during the night and during yesterday, The chango would ho welcomed, for rain was much required, though had it been accompanied hy loss coldness it would have been more acceptable, Mr. Brough Smyth_The Madras Mail atatea that Mr. Brough Smyth, who m»y D0 regarded aa tho pioneer of the gold mining industry in the Wynaad, rotu'rned to Madras from England on Monday, 26th December, and Was to leave for the Wynaad on Wednesday. ¿e wjn remain there a month, _ and then proceed on his mission to Australia, where he will recruit a aeleot body of miners, and take them to India, A meeting of the committee of tbo Balfe Memorial Fund is to bo held at the All Nations' Hotel this evening, at 8 o'clock. The steamer Monarch is to m&ko; an excursion to New Norfolk on Wednesday. St. Loon's Circus will perform at Campbell Town to-night and to-morrow night. An abstract of the Sorell Parochial Association Fund is advertised to-day, Tho total receipts was £1C0. A meeting of members of the Hobart Chess Club is to bo held at the Mechanics' Institute this evening, at 8 o'clock. A Court to revise the list of electors for Brighton is to be hold at the Police Office, Pontville, on February 11. The Executive Committee of the Ragged School Association meets at the Bible Dapût to-morrow after- noon, at 4 o'clock. This morning, at 11 o'clock, a Court to revise the list of electors of Queenborough will bo held at the Clarendon Hotel, Sandy Bay, Miss Whiteside will give lessons in cookery at the Alliance Rooms this evening, TheBeason for Kangaroo hunting begins to-day. Valuable Discovery ros rat Baib.-If your hail Is turning grey or white, or falling off, nsa " Tha Mexican Hair Kenower," for it vi# pontwely relton in every case Grey or White hair to ita origin«! colour, without leaving the disagreeable «nell of moat " Re- storers." It make* the hair onAnninglr beautiful, as well u promoting the growth of the hair on bald apota, where the glands ara not decayed. Ask yow Chemist for " The Mixkjah Bah RaOTWll." Sold by chemists and perfumers every »here at !b, 6d, per bottle. Wholesale depot removed to 33, Fardagdon Road, London, i . ' 