The anual sitting of the Avoca eou.rt for the licensing of hawkers will be held ou Monday next. The Avoca Shire Council will hold their ordinary monthly meeting at Moonambel to-morrow. We have heard serious complaints respecting the damage done to St. John's Church, ami to the windows and other property at the old State School, by boys who, according to all accounts, are old enough to know better. The trustees of the property have borne the loss and annoyance for a long time rather than lake legal proceedings against the sons of towns people, but tbej7 are determined not to bear it any longer, and boys who damage either property in future will be prosecuted. Notices have becu issued ofloruj a reward for iiiformatiou which will procure, a courictiou. Applications under the Land Act ap proved: — For new licenses — Geo. Coul- . thard, Thos. Hanley, W. Hogau, James Mulcahy, W. Peacock, AY. Ruiiiliy, Thos. Shunny, Landsborougii ; T. E. lYmning- ton, D. Pennington, James Raeburn, Na varre ; James McVipar, Glenlogie ; G. Cartwright, H. De Jersey, Gleumona ; Antonio Fabret-to, Wareek ; Henry Xaye, Avoca ; Alfred Smith, Bung Bong. For alteration of terms— Eliza Boag, Natte , Yallock. The weather has been excessively hot and disagreeable for some days past, with a north wiud and clouds of dust, which in creased in intensity until yesterday after noon at three o'clock, when a welcome change took place. At the time named the sky became overcast, with accompanying lightning, thunder, and other signs of at mospheric disturbance, but no rain fell in Avoca, the storm blowing off to the east ward. At Bung Bong, however, there was a smart shower of a few minutes' duration, and we hear that there was a heavy down pour at Maryborough. Rain is very much desired, by the miners especially, and without it the crushing operations at the Monte battery will soon be brought to a standstill. Mr J. F. Paten sold yesterday, on be half of the mortgagee, I21f acres of land at Rathscar, lately occupied by Mr Jona than Reed. Also, to close accounts in the estate of the late ; Ann Golsworthy, 52 acres of land with crop at Bung Bong. Mr James Brown was the purchaser of the Gleumona property, and Mrs Eliza beth Mann bought that at Bung Bong, satisfactory prices being realised in each instance. A large snake came to an untimely end a few days ago. It essa3Ted to pass over the line before an approaching train, but the engine was loo quick for it and cut it in two. Soreral snakes have also been killed ; in the harvest field within the last week. New rates for the carriage of live stock on the railways appear in the Gazette. It will bo remember that wheu Air Bent visited Avoca a few weeks ago lie promised that a platform should be erected at the i railway station for tho loadiug of firewood. ! We have not heard that anything has yet ! been done in the matter, and would ad- : vise the wood-carters to enlist Air Laug- j don's services to jog his memory. ! The anniversary of the Wesleyan Sab- ' bath School at Avoca was celebrated on | Sunday last by special sermons preached i in the church by Mr S. Guthbert, a native 1 of Avoca now resident at Goldsborough. ! Mr Cuthbert, although a young man, lias already made for himself a mime as a lay | preacher, and the announcement that he ! would officiate was therefore suffi- 1 cient to fill the church. A tea meeting iu : connection with the event took place in the | schoolroom last evening, for the purpose of ! raising funds for the support of the school, , but tho attendance was not so large as j might have been expected considering the ! merits of the institution tc bo benefited, j We are pleased to hear, however, that the school closed the last year in a fairly good j financial position, aud that the maintenance | expenses are not heavy. At the after-meet'- ! ing, held iu'the church, Air J. Porter, of | Homebush, look the chair, and interesting addresses were delivered by the Rev. J. Rattray, the Rev. AX. Bullas, aud AL ssrs I Guthbert and Richards. Some very excel- i lent selections pf music were performed during the evening by the choir, Miss A. Snell presiding at the harmonium, and the proceedings closed with a collection and the usqal vqtes pf thauksj " \- A meeting of persons 'desirous of holdipg a race meeting at Avoca on New Year ra day is called fbr Monday evening next at the Victoria Hotel. ' i , . A notice it- another cqlumti intimates that the Nightingale Serf-naders will give a performance at the - Victoria Theatre on Friday evening. The company have been well appreciated in all the peighbo.ring. towns, and are said tp giye a thoroughly good performance. The company is a large one, and includes H. L% Feuillade and other well-known performers. Mr. G. R. Hall, dentist from Melbourne, will visit Avoca to-morrow and may be consulted at the Avoca Hotel. At the annual, licensing court, yesterday, Sergeant Shanklin did not allow the ap plicants to forget the existence of the poor box, a and fair suni was collected. It was noticed, however,- that tho Chinamen showed the greatest amount of liberality, Ah Moon, of the Avoca Lead and Ah Yiug, of Percydale, giving 10s each, none of the other donations exceeding 5s each. Mr Martiu MeKeuna, one of the candidates for the North Western Province election, paid a visit to Avoca yesterday iu Company with Air Armstrong of the Kyneton Guardian. Afost of the voters iu the township were interviewed, aud pro mises of support were obtained. A great fire has occurred at Glasgow. Damage £50,000. An Orange Lodge has been blown up by dynamite. Supposed to be the work of the Land League. Sara Bernhardt has been mobbed at Odessa, and only escaped violence by throwing lier jewels to. her assailants, A rising of the Turcomans against Rus sian rule is expected. A six days' bicycle tournament is being run iu Alelbourne. The first mile was douo in four minutes. The incoming mail steamer Carthage ar rived at Albany yesterday afternoon, and has been detained in quarantine on account of a case of scarlatina having occurred o.n board. A house at Ballarat bad a narrow escape from being burned down on Saturday through the carelessness of a girl in de positing the ashes from, the fireplace in a dangerous position. Guiteaq, the murderer of General Gar field, has a sister in a madhouse. Measles are prevalent at Beaufort. The English Eleven play Parraniatta on Wednesday aud Thursday. An attempt to acclimatise skylarks in the Clarence district has proved success ful. Early maize on the Northern rivers looks well, and holders of last year's crops are disposed to look for higher prices even than offered. Ten Bulgarians havo been massacred in cold blood by orders of a Turkish com mander. Fighting has taken place amongst the chiefs in Zululand. The Times thinks that the Australian colonies are borrowing money too fre quently. It is the intention of the Commissioner of Railways to have the Fliudcrs-street sta tion lighted up by electricity. The order for the- work is now in the hands of the Electric Lighting Company. A little uirl, four years old, was badly scalded at Coburg ou Thursda- by falling into a boiler of hot water. Messenger beat J. C. Lay cock in a sculling match for £50 aside on the Par raniatta River on Saturday. There is a good wheat harvest at Benalla. The racehorse Fleur de Sys. hast been drowned in the Alurray. The Protos has arrived from Londou with a cargo of frozen fish. A monument is to be erected iq London in honor of President Garfield. O.ver 100 ships wrecked on British coast during last week through violent hurri canes. It is stated that the Education Com mission will be the costliest board of in quiry ever appointed in the colony. Air Barr, ALL. A., has a chronic' down" upou reporters. The thermometer stood at 100 degrees at Bourke last week. The polling for tho Filzroy election takes place to-day. The candidates are Air Blackett and the Hon. R. D. Reid. The barque Scotlaud, from Geelong for the United Kingdom with a cargo of wheat, and now 230 days out, has been posted as missing at Lloyd's. Prompt action has been taken by the Customs officer to prevent a threatened ex plosion of dynamite. A consignment of the explosive, valued at £500, on board the hulk Empire, was found on Friday to be ex uding glycerine, in which state it is highly daugerous, and after examination by Air, Cosmo Newberry it was ordered be re moved in a barge to the Bay, to be exploded in deep water. London cablegrams of Friday state that preliminary steps are being taken in connec tion with tho new Victorian loan for £4,000,000, which it is expected will be placed on the market at au early date. A day's later cable news relates the singular theft- of the body of the late Earl of Craw ford from the family mausoleum at Aber deen, the presumed object of the body- snatchers being a ransom from the deceased nobleman's relatives. In a letter addressed by the Ameer of Afghanistan to the Arice- roy of India, the Ameer acknowledges the friendly offices of the British Government, and expresses the intention of consulting the Viceroy prior to taking any steps with regard tu the foreign relations of Afghan istan. The Scotch farmers are agitating for land law reform. At a meeting held at Aber deen on Thursday, and which was attended by no less than 40,000 farming delegates from all parts of Scotland, resolutions j were passed demanding extensive altera tions in the existing land laws, with greater security of tenure. A cruel practical joke is reported to have been played upon a youth who recently visited some country relatives in tho AVagga Wagga district. lie was takeu out opos sum-shooting by some of his young friends, who had previously arranged that one of their number should climb a tree and per sonate a ghost by covering himself with a sheet. Suddenly the alarm was given, and the conspirators decamped in feigned alurm, but soon recovering their courage, they per suaded their young guest to fire at the ghost, having previously taken the precau tion to sec that his gun was only loaded with powder. The ghost descending from the tree, approached the party, and so ter rified the lad that he became insensible, and was fully six weeks before ho regained his customary health. — Artfus. AYe have heard it stated (says the IVor/d) on what we believe. to be reliable authority, that it is not Sir C. G. Duffy's intention to return to tho colony. Alost probabl' bis recent matrimonial alliance in the mother country has iuduced this determination. Sir Charles is in his 66th year, and the second Lady Duffy, but third wife, in her 22nd year. The Clarence people sent £40 to the widow of Captain Tucker, washed over board from the steamer Rich mond , between A! e 1 bourne' aud Sydney, d uring September gales, The South Australian Register has been | shqwn'a letter received by iv gentleman in' Adelaide from a correspondent in Sydney, who gives some interesting details of the results of a practical attempt at breeding ostriches for profit. The writer says : — " I haye for the last two years been engaged in this new industry in New 1 Sovtth AAralos, with most excellent results, having now on my farm 13 birds, including two pairs of three-and- half-years-old breeding birds. Last year I got 10 chicks opt of 12 eggs hatched naturally, as I am not an advocate of incubating birds for breeding purposes." The writer is of opinion that after once securing a flock of birds the work of ostrich-farming will yield exceedingly lucrative returns in even Australia, he find ing a ready market for all the feathers lie can raise, the price varying frqm £2 to £33 per lb. weight of feathers. He advises that if birds be selected at the Cape, moun tain-bred or Karoo birds should be clioson, and states his intention of at some later period turning six pairs of birds loose ou the lliverina plains, where he feels sure they would thrive well. He strongly objects to sending birds by sailing vessels, instancing some losses of his own, which he imputes to the fact that the birds were sent by sailing ship instead of by steamer. TheAIinister of Public Instruction in tends (says the Telegraph) to take action to secure the gradual exclusion of children under six years of ago from the State- schools of the colony. A circular will probably be issued in a few days, aud the steps to be taken will be notified by public advertisement before any action is taken. It is imt intended so far as we ean learn, to intcrefere with the children of tender years who at present figure upou the rolls, but to prevent the admission of others iu tho future. It is doubtless very repre hensible that mere babies in arms should be sent to school, but considering that the arrangements for the teaching of the infant classes — children from four to six — are very complete, there is much to be said in favour of a broader line being drawn. It is stated that children who enter early are more susceptible to teaching influences, and consequently are discharged earlier than those who enter at a more advanced age, and further, that a family the more readily attends school when the older children can look after the younger ones at school, failing which they are kept at home to look after them there. At Aluddy Creek, Hamilton way, some noteworthy whale bones, fossilized, were recently discovered, Under the heading " Malapropos Inter jections" the JTi/nefoii Guardian naarates : — " Sometimes unintentionally, an inter jection may present an awkward turn, and a meaning by no means designed. An in stance of this occurred at a late mining celebration. AArhilst the champagne was flowing the chairmau of the company pro posed the gentleman who took the main share in floating it in very complimentary terms. AATaxiug eloquent he said that there was little merit in floating a company where there was plenty of gold, but their friend had riie credit of being able to float a company where there was 110 gold at all. " That's the kind of man we want for this district," interjected the mining manager with much earnestness. An old colonist, who has returned from doiug tiie trip to England, which is now so common, (ells me (writes the Melbourne correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator) that the report of Lord Charles Scott's cap ture by a Melbourne belle, while here in command of the Bacchante, lias created some little stir among fashionable English materfamilias. A certain Duchess is re ported to have said, " Uniph, an Australian girl ; won't there be souie difficulty in get ting her to keep her clothes on during the hot weather?"' An extraordinary case of sticking up has been reported by the Blackwood police. It appears that two men at 2 a.m. on Friday forcibly entered the house of Airs. Foster, iu Barry's Reef, dragged her out of bed, and presenting two revolvers at her threatened to shoot her if she did not give them all the money she had in the house. Airs Foster, who was much alarmed, handed them £10 in single notes on the London Chartered Bank at Gordons. The ruffians thou broke opon some boxes which ; they found in the house, and carried away several articles of weariug apparel. Be fore leaviug they threatened Mrs Foster with all sorts of penalties if she gave in formation against them. The following is the description of the men ; — About 30 years of age, 5 feet 10 inches in height, fresh compleotiou, dark hair and moustache, rather good-looking, and wore moleskin trousers. The singular part of ihc descrip tion is that the men are exactly alike, with out the least difference in height, com plexion or dress. The matter is receiving the attention of the local police. A sensatioual case of small-pox is ro- ported at AAoolloomooloo. N.S.AY., where a chance discovery was made that five chil dren were all very severely afflicted, and were living in a house adjoining quaran tined premises, occupied by a family named Haj-es, in Plunkett-strcet. One of the children was in a very bad state. The house wss occupied by a milkman named Cooke, who up to tho morning of the dis covery had been engaged- daily in deliver ing milk to many families in the neighbor hood. AVhen the discovery was made the house was quaratined, Cooke being gbseut on his daily business. A sad death from snake-bito occurred recently at Lancefield. A four- year-old boy of 'AIr. Thompson, a porter of Lance field Junction railway- station, was playing with a toy wheel in tho kitchen, when it rolled through a hole in tho floor. On putting his hand down to recover the toy, the lit tlo fellow was heard to utter a cry of pain, but it was not till he began to grow pale and feeble that his parents suspected snake-bite. To coufirra tho assumption, some hot water was poured through the hole in the floor, when a largo tiger snake was discovered. Air. Thompson, without further delay, secured a horse and trap, and drove his child rapidly to Dr. Phipp's residence at Romsey, where the patient received the usual restoratives, under which ho appeared to partially revive. Qn the road home, however, the poor little fellow became gradually worse, and died in his farther's arms. AA'hen tho melan choly event became known, universal sympathy was expressed for Air. and Airs. Thompson in their sad loss. Drs. Phipps and Leggatt certified that death was caused by snake-poisoning, and therefore an in quest was not held. An interesting incident in the lifo of Captain Ross, of the Loch Rannoch, is re lated by the. Geelong Times. Some years ago lie was chief officer of a fine ship trad ing between Liverpool aud New York, aud in a gale of wind was washed overboard in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. The ship was hove to and search was made for hours.- The ship proceeded on her voyage, all on board lamenting the loss of the chief officer. ' The ship ultimately arrived at her destination/and there, standing ou the quay, was Air Ross watching his ship coming up. As soon as she was moored alongside he walked .aboard, shook hands with the captain aod his brother officers, ancl explained that he had been picked up by one -of the ocean steamers. This is a good adventure. 