?. HERE AND THERE. By TnisTLB. An important reaction is setting in in Ire land regarding Mr. Q-ladstonn's policy. Publio opinion is evidently veering round in :his favour, and! there'- is abundant evidario'e that an honest desire oxiatB in the minds>of many to give his land poljoy a fair trial. The pastor (1 letter .of the, Roman, Otithuiio Aiohbiahiip of Dublin, the meeting I held at, .Paraonstown,'JEing'a Oouaty, an.d fcho :still more!important meeting of 200 magistrates in Cork, all tend clearly to show this desir able result. Whilst suffering under' the' surgeon's knife,.no one feels iriolinedjto bless the haud that iufliots the pain, but it is ab surd to .blame; it as the uause of tho disoasn. pan anyone oohsoientibusly say (Ireland" would' hftvo f.»rod much better supposing the Tories';had- been in power? I fanby tbey .vrould have fared much worse! Opinions, arrived at out of Ireland,^ with'biU'duB'khow lefdge of the local diroumstances on both sides, are,not of much aoitount, and -it-, seems; to me when the impartial' historian records the events of, the present day, thon and otily then will the People's'William get adequate; justioe dope to him;' Vhm , '; [?>;(/H '%'i -? : -K # * 'J The Bulletin will not ask for subscribers,, but maJte peoplo take-thopaper. ^Wqil^nll: I can say is, that' if they do as th&y; did iu Gbulbnm on- Wednesday, thoy are bound'to! succeed'in- making folks*take thoir-weekly. doso. The day waB hot and- uncomfortable;! Enter on tne scene presentable young man, decidedly looking up to1 snuff. Introduces himself aa- the canvasser >'for tho, Sydney Bulletin,' and,opqns;|bo baU by modes'tly-;ro.' questing the Bumt;-of ^l^ 'ai yoBr'slaubaoiiipR: tioa iQ advaQuo//Als p,oli(oly informed that.a] Ml jsfiMw loe«l na«av<>ndor toguh r'y supplies Jns pro prietor's brilliiint rubbuh. " All," ncp.itjds .his puahiog young nun, " ho only mukes a i'l. profit out of if, and ho can't let you h«ve th*j paper on Thursday afternoon. Now if you Kive mn the order, I'll j>et unlimited broad and cheese out of it, and besides it will do me lots of go»d." This sort of thing laa'od for about.* quarter of mi hour, when decided hoarseness Batting i" and otliar symptoms of exhaustion, the distressing in terview was brought to a close by the boss charitably forking out the noble sum of three colonial Riherta, being- one quarter's subscription in advance. The young man {rraeofullv retired with profuse thaults, and the cu: ain £ 1. it If the descriptive reporter of the Sydney Moraine; Herald did not spend much, money on the Chip, ho spent a lot of adjectives and eloquence. In fact he took a positive plunger in this direotion. Hear him on the dresses. They were " artistic, poetical, ex pressive, and suggestive ; their colours were infinite in kind, degree and tone, but with few exceptions moat agreeably harmonious." He'goes on to say that thoy were soft, bland, tender, and even when the pitch, was hiVh it tv ia well balanced. Ho then compares ib'era with everything under the "Bun, human or divine, runs amuok over the distracting love liness of the beauties' tootsies and shoes, and finally winds himself up over the uunniugly wrought eilken hossn (sic), which were of indescribable beauty also. It is to be hoped the ladies, were not improper when they allowed thtV coithatic cuss to inspect their " hosen." If he don't get his sjrew raised ovflr thts lot, my advii e to him is to cut Fair fax & Co. and bflcomo a young lion oo the London Daily Telegraph. They will appre ciate him,. > . * ' # A report wns generally current that the world was to close'its account ajjd turn the business up this week. The report it appears did not emanate from you', but from an Italian prophet. The process of " busting " was to commence on Wednesday, Nov, 2, when all the fishes were to give up the ghost. As half- a-dozen to my knowledge ware olivo and kicking this morning, the first part of the programme falls through. .Tho grand finale was to take place on the 15th instant, . but as it is announced that the Wollongong raoos corno off oil the 16th, it can be easily understood that the sporting proclivities of tho archangel in charge have prevailed on him to defer the date. When Dr. Cumming prophesied this sort of thing some consider able timn since, he was rush enough to name the following year as the exact li us of ful filment. Yet, Btrauge to Bjy, bo took a lease of hia house in London at that very dato for 19 .years. This- same man was a native of the canny town of Abordeeu, nnd ns^ an instance of his remarkable presence of mind, it is worth while to relate the follow ing anecdotePaying a visit to his native nitv, he was on tho point of returning to London, when on the deck of thesie.imor be 'met an English Rrnudee. Dr. John had economically utilized his own father, a decent shoemaker, to fetch his luggage dowD, and whilst talking to ray noble lord, Cum I tning, senior, appeared on tho suunw with a trunk nn his back.... "All right, John," says (ho prophetio: .divine, "put tho box down there, and hero's a shilling, for your trouble." ? * *? ' As the last par, relates to ,f the oioth," it may not be mnl apropos to tell the following story about . the late Samuel Wilbetforce, Bishop of Winchester, whom the witty Lord Westbury, Chancellor of England, cliaroo tort2'iH in the House of Lords a3 "oily, subtle and ponaoeous." Hence-his nom de plume of Soapv Sam. Visiting the. Queen ooe day at Windsor, he had to wait in the ante- room some, time for an audience. Whilst there, the Princess Beatrice; then a smart little girl came tripping in, and duly made friends with his lordship. When the ice had thawed a little, she looked upon the pielnte'a face with an ,aroh. expression, and said, "I know something you don't know." "Eh," says his lordship, " what is that ?" " Oh! I mus'n't tell you," replied the Prin cess. But you iust," says the Bishop, ..?V you have whetted my curiosity, fl'nd I will, have it."^ " All right," says Beatrice, " I'll tell you.if you promiso not to tell any one else, .'Do you: know what mamma says ?" " No I don't," said Samuel. " Well, mamma says, you will never be Archbishop of Can terbury 1" Tableau, . ,". ' A neighbouring squatter, much respeoted, was once on a visit to Sydney. He ,is not a olaHsioal scholar, nor doe's'he' mean'to write a dictionary ; moreover hetdid not,pick up » alight knowledge, of Frdnhh' i'a tlie'Mal-illa Gardens of Paris,; Entering a Frenoh Cafe the waiter immediately; faood ^him,with the bill of faro. This was in Frenoh," and to him it might as well have been Hebrew or Hottentot slang.' Not wishing to show his ignorance however, he boldly drew the wai ter's attention t°the:longest name'ot 'helot (,pommes.de terra Jricdssfos) "arid 'baked for " some of that." ; ,He felt small when a plate of fried potatoes was'' placed before him. Moral: Laurn -'Fronchi and' murder it as soon as possible. .< ,?.. v;, Wo wish Mr.1 liavley would prevent those person (living'; in houses in1 Clifford-street from''oredting.'a nuisance in* the lane at the rear.of .their tenements. The;, s trench aris ing from masses of decomposed vegetables ifeci, lis abominable, and. unless active 8{r\ps are taken, some contagious .disease' the result. Some people do their/utmost^b engender 'the'. gorms; of.'disea^e, and it is necessary that their unclean habits should be nippod;in the bud.. j ; : i ^ w/ ' The.rideVguh at MuHgee4 fired a'salute to tlie' Wolverine sailors. Tho gun nnfortu nato burstr blowing the thumb off the gun ner ??? and ^seriously ; inj uring > bis .^assistant. Truly;,it; may.be said officiousneM over ;balanci:d common'sense in this matter, and it . may .bo Vafoiysaidthattho'tars would have:. been:f plonsnd with 'their,^.reoepfion \vitbout: the foolish idea of - saluting them ? irdm apop-gun.. ?' 1" , ! >? ./iV'A.-o,offiper'.of! high ; standing/in'the police force severely rebuked a constdbl^e in Mar ket-street some, yonrs ago, for Jowering ,the '>prestige of the forco/^y driving the same kind of-.animals' t?,the; pound*,thpt the police on Wednesday were ordered to do. t. {The,New , Yorkv/Tribune, says" Mr, Sheyitoli, who is^'in" ohnrge1'" of the alleged Hartmann, asserts lithat '.thp^wprld will be startled by tho events^ within the next two months.1 ' Matiorsiv which ihuvebeon matur ing there are,now ripe;'-and' the^result will bo ofi Jiv'oly -iat'ereat, tt»/etvorybody; . :V' 