SPARKS. IT is amusing to see a clam putting on the airs of an ostrich ;-yet such side- splitters may be seen, or heard of, weekly. Sold again, my pippin ; sharp as you are you fail to see everything, ami haste to trumpet your own moleishness. Shall I bring the old SAINT round for your inspection ? That bully blusterer-old Boreas, was round some, Saturday and Sunday. " My eyes, Bill, what tiles and chimney pots around ona heads were flying!" Certain sportsmen (?) seem to take their gruel with an evident dislike ; because they j lose five bob upon Laycock, they call him a rogue, and contend that Mickey Rush (more power to him) had no right to win. A fowl proceeding was heard at the Temple of Justice on Tuesday ; "twas a game affair, but there was no crowing ;. and though a hen was in it there was hardly a ghost of a cackle. Poor Steve, after having secured a new coat, and had a cleaning-up during his last incarceration, is now again a victim-to what, shall we say,-luck, or misfortune ? Anyhow he'll get fed for three months, that's more than he was sure of outside. There's something in Orangeisni after all. It is that unnatural love for their enemies ; can't understand it, 'taint human any way. Human nature is human nature still. " Young man," said an urchin of eleven summers to me, "pass them 'ere sorsage rolls, please !" I did so with a withering look, though my vanity prevented me telling that I waa nearly half a cent. A wrinkle foi- Bandmaster GaBaZ^T" Ashton's BRASS Band. Oh!! \ Fll take my Alfred Davey that T sawvfc* v; the tea-fight the other night, a b »y--jpe^X real live boy-eat ll sausage roUs^i»mids of cake, mixed ; 15 jam tarts, 6 saf^wridruesA 7 sugared jam triangular sometliing^'aiiff l \ piece of bread aud butter ; to moisten which \ he passed Iiis cup along 5 times. I like to \ be exact, that's why I emphasised ¿he * boj * \ After reading the statements of Dr. CInne % and constable Cook, who can believe that ^ ' the Russian government of N. S. Wales is competent to hold office another day ?, The weakest cusses out could ruu a.small-pox scare better than Parkesisnoseoff and Co. The Bulletin thinks, " This is indeed a wicked, world, and tlve sooner it is fenced in and whitewashed, the better for .all con- cerned." There's something in that. It is pleasing to know from such ah authority as Dr. Barry, that,' according to his belief-a man's religion, or irreligión, doesn't send him to h- new version-; one feels more cheerful now. Vorcax. 