BEFORE THE CURTAIN". The Gaiety has re opened. During the past few weeks, when this 'popular house was t emporar- ily closed to the general public, and whenitspatrons were only a bevy of busy work men of all kinds, wonderful al ter ations and improvements were effected. The theatre was always a pretty one, but now it is superlatively beautiful, and nothing towards making it attractive, that taste could devise or money accomplish, has been left undone. On Friday Mr. Punch had the pleasure of inspecting these improvements, and on Saturday this comfortable little theatre was opened by the production of G. R. Sims' comedy, ' Mother-in-Law,' and a burlesque by Byron, entitled ' The Corsican Brothers.' The former is a smartly-written and most amusing play, and comprises a number of scenes which are irresistibly comical and mirth inspiring, The burlesque is also very funny, and laughter is the general order of the evening. Mr. Dampier sustains good parts in both of these productions, and he has gathered about him a most complete and admirable little company. Miss Amie Adere is the leading lady. She has already created a very favourable impression. In consequence of the great and deserved success Mr. L. M. Bayless has found the Quintette Club met with, that enterprising manager has prolonged their series of concerts at the Masonic Hall, whereat the heart of Punch, as of all other lovers of the beautiful in music, muchly rejoiceth. Every member of this clever band of players is an artist of high reputation, and the performance of each one is well worth studying. As a natural outcome of this the effect of their united work is superb. The last concert of the series is announced to be given to-morrow evening. Mr. Maccabe is drawing a long and prosperous season at the School of Arts to a close. To signalise the termination of his engagement here, that popular actor has arranged two matinee performances. The first of these took place successfully last Satur day, and the second will be given to-morrow. Punch regrets Mr. Maccabe's departure hence, but wishes him similar prosperity in Melbourne, the next scene of his performances. The patrons of the Victoria Hall have had provided for their entertainment an additionally attractive programme. The comicalities of Mr. D'Arcy Eead's jovial band of ghosts are undeniable, and laughter is the immediate effect of witnessing their antics. Mr. Frank Cates, so well known and so popular as an actor in the ranks of the late London Comedy Company, is to take a benefit at the Masonic Hall on Monday evening The same night Mr. W. J. Wilson will commence what Mr. Punch hopes will be a prosperous season at the Opera House. His opening performance will be provided by the favourite Montague Turner Opera Company, who are to begin with ' Faust.' At the Hippodrome a great variety of amusements have been given, terminating by some interesting exhibitions of fisticuffs by Mr. Larry Foley, the Australian Champion, on Wednesday night. La Fille du Tambour Major ' with Mr. Kelly as Monthabor is the present attraction at the Theatre Eoyal, but important alterations are in view. Mr. Walter Reynolds is an acquisition at the ' Queen's,' and his original plays have found favour. Why are the Solicitors in Sydney like Nuns ? Because they have an Abbot at their head, and are kept apart from the wig-ged world. 