BREVITIES. TEA-MEETING and Concert to-night at the Mechaniics'. The !and sale held by Sanids and Belcher this morning vas well attended, and lively competition.,took place for' the various pro perties offered. Insolvency. -. Compulsory sequestration: Richard Binnie and Son, Sydney, wholesale saddlers, versus William Anderson, Bungen dore, saddler; rule returnable 6th October. A 'coffin vwas tound in the -bush at Rook wood on Sunday last;'minus the body. Various disasters are reported from the coast as :a result of the recent boisterouis weather. ' 'Two boys were sent on board of the Vernon by the Sydney Magistrates on Mon day last for pocket-picking. Serve them right. 'The Yass Cricket Club have decided to accept the challenge from Goulburn to play on the 9th of November. Tin has been discovered at Westby's Pulli top station, between Wagga and Germanton. It is rumoured that the Melbourne Argus is going to publish an evening edition. 2800 acres of land were selected at Lis more last week. An acre and a-half of land was sold in Bathurst last Saturday for -56o. The Parliament of New Zealand was pro rogued on Saturday last. The South Australian Jockey Club races Saturday last resulted as follows :-Hurdles \- New Zealand, ; Derby- Topaz, r ; Spring Handicap- Vagabond, i; Steeple chase - Clifton, i; Holdfast . Handicap,. Bolbon, i. The affair passed off successfully. Latest advices from London state that sugar has-fallen 6d per cwt. i8o oz. of retorted gold has been gained from eighty-eight tons of quartz at Hill End last week. The wool sales at present proceeding in London are well attended, and prices are firm. ,870o,oo 00 quarters of wheat are afloat for Great Britain at present. A severe storm has occurred in the North of England,. doing much damage. The value of the imports at the port of Sydney for the week ending September 57 amount to .277,000. The Sydney people are raising funds for the temporary relief of the Leichardt.family. Stock are in low condition in the various districts around Goulburr. On Saturday last -several private rifle matches took place at the Goulburn butts. Captain Blackshaw Won the principal prize. The wholesale grocery store of Messrs. Tillock and Co's, together with its contents, were destroyed by fire in Sydney on.Monday. The adjacent buildings narrowly escaped destruction. During the voyage of the immigrant ship, the Nineveh, the dull routine of events was relieved to some extent by joltes, more or less serious, practised by some of the young female imm grants on ech other. In one case however the resnlt turned out very serious indeed. Duriog the qui t hours of the night one of the girls, wrapped in a white shoeet, passed fr ,ui one bunk to snotller and aroused the sleoping inmates by pret?ndmug to be a ghost. The shock in one instance was so severe that the poor girl lost her reason, and bad to be placed under medical care. She was examined on the arrival of the ship here and certified to be insane, and was sent to Gladesvillo The following is the telegram received at the Treasury on Monday morning from the Quaraoti>e StrattEo u " O bhthd th6 hbbital snip FarhBa's OIr. F. Southcott slept but little last night; he is weaker and much exhausted this morning. The cugh and difficult expectora'irn are a severe comi plication. His condition is critical in the extreme. In the hospital enclosure, Miss Trevoe is doing tolerably well, Miss I indsay is better, and the others are doing well, and are in a most satisfactsry condition." 