THE GRAND NAVAL REVIEW. We are men of peace ; and are not skilled sufficiently , in the science and - art of war, to follow the intricacies of the attack and defence, on Tuesday, exemplified by land and sea forces before the eyes of the citizens. It certainly was a .most imposing spectacle, and was intended to illustrate the almost certainty of success of an attack by a hostile fleet, should it once pass the defences at the Heads. The amazing number of spectators, and their order and good conduct was perhaps as astonishing to the Naval visitors, as the thunder of the guns and the rapidity and arrangement of the boat attack were to the Cits.. . Fifteen thousand spectators were perhaps never before so picturesquely ordered in so Bplendid a panorama, and the sham fight which they witnessed, of course set off to the utmost the. glory of the picture : nor could any, piece of water and. land in the world have presented a more magnificent theatre for such a display. The larrikin element , was altogether , absent. There wasi; of. course,, a good deal of wholesome merriment. . It was only the few more thought ful ! ones who ' could not forget what the operations were intended to represent — namely, the hopeless, nature of any resistance on our part, against; an enemy who could get so near us; and therefore the necessity of keeping strong guard at the Heads, not only by batteries which, may bepassed perhaps with some damage, or by night, . or in a fog : but also as we were advised .long since, by a floating defender — a ship of war which might move as required, and preserve us from despair, when the land batteries were passed. Our youngest P.D., evidently had no such thoughts. His ideas were lively about the present, for when he heard the wise folk ex plaining that a portion of the defending force : was on the Alert, he gave his opinion "aloud, that " if only a portion were on the alert they would be surprised and defeated." . For our P.D. is very sharp in his way. France In 1880.— Evangelical Christendom. has gathered out for us the following interesting items concerning France in 1880. — The assassia Blanqui commenced in 1880 a paper called, " Neither God nor Master," To believe nothing is the natural recoil of believing everything. Authority, and not reason, breeds hypocrisy, and the hypocrites when awakened rush over into infidelity. The result of Popery in France is to have divided society into two — those who have found out the cheats of the priest, and who therefore hate all religion ; and then those who are still the blind followers of the priests, and who believe everything. Blanqui, in his infidel publication, appealed to the former, and hoped to win the attention of the latter. But atheism can only go so far ; when the only religion seen is Popery, and the only illus trations of it are the crafty, cunning, and immoral priests of Popery. Atheism is easy, and credulity is easy, for both may easily subsist together — the' one the recoil, and the other the refuge. But Blanqui had a short career.; while he was shouting out, " No God, no Master, " the finger of God was laid upon him, and he expired by apoplexy ! — While looking at the expelled Jesuits and asking which are the "orders " that are allowed to remain in the country, we are told that there are ten monastic communities authorised ; — their names are suggestive of hypocricy and absurdity : — "The Brethren of Christian doetrine, those of Antoine, those of the Holy Viaticum ; those of Mary, the Little Friars of Mary, the missionaries of St Lazarus ! the priests of the Holy Ghost, those of the holy heart of Mary, those of St. Sulpice, the Foreign Misssons. — Thereareforty-nine monastic communities of women, duly authorised.— -The festival of the " Reformation" has been held in all the Protestant Churches in France ; and the story of the sufferings of their forefathers has been told to the French children for the first time since the fearful days of the dragonades, and the revocation of the Edict of Nantes, when the Huguenots so bravely fought and suffered for true religion against the Papacy. The recital will have a lasting effect on the rising generation. Would it be any wonder if, in the liberty of the present time, thoughts of reprisals were to come into the mind of the descendants of the perse cuted? But there are no such thoughts. The only revenge which is taken is, to scatter through France leaflets of the truth ! This however is the result, — thousands and thousands of both old and young, who were ignorant of Protestant ism and had only heard of it as an accursed heresy, see it in contrast with that false and tyrannical and bloody, religion which has so long dominated in France, and robbed it of its true glory.— Through the influence and work of that wonderonsly devoted woman reformer, Josephine Butler, tho Municipal - Council .of Paris have passed a resolution to abolish legalised Prostitution at the end of 1882. This will be a greater social reform in France than has been accomplished for many a day. The priests never could have ventured to propose such a reform ! On the contrary, those houses of ill-fame, which are carried on in such fine style, and under the surveillance of the public, have always been useful to the Holy St. Peters. But, a noble- hearted woman, pitying her sex, and demanding that women shall be emancipated from the fearful and brutal bondage in which she is now held, has pleaded for liberty ; and got it. Of course there will be prostitution still, but it; will not have legal sanction and authorisation.; It will not be licensed and regulated by the State. . It will not be reckoned among the trades. ; It would be well, if the reforming authorities would look narrowly to the sources of prostitu- tion. What of the confessional? What of procurers and procuresses? What of compelling, seducers either to marry their victims, or to' pay such a penalty as would make such villany a costly article? — Simultaneously with, the resolve that France shall have a public and secular system of education, free from the control of the priests and their clerical agents, the French Government are quite alive to the necessity of securing that all facilities shall be afforded for the teaching of religion in the schools on the Sutiday, by all who are willing and earnest to undertake this work. Sunday school work is a new thing in France but it is a thing which the French Government thoroughly understand and value. Their determination is to give earnest workers, all assistance in carrying it out effeotually. How remarkable that the voluntary efforts of Sunday school teachers, both male and female, should be so highly appreciated in anti-Sab batarian lands, as to bo invited and encouraged ; while hero, in Sydney,' for example, where some thousands of Sabbath school teachers weekly engage in their voluntary labour, so little is it thought of and appreciated, that the most effectual hindrances are thrown in tho way of its success. Museum and library open ing, garden opening, and train and tram running, are unquestionably the most effectual means of destroying Sunday school work. Of course the elder scholars, and even the little ones prefer Sunday pleasuring and travelling to learning les sons and school discipline. No wonder ; for the unthankful parents so little value the work that is being done far their children, that they make it a reward for good behaviour during the week to take their children on the Sunday for an afternoon trip or a Sunday stroletothe museum ; but if :they have been " naughty " during . the week, .they are punished by being sent to school! Such are the immediate effects— the infidel effects —of Sunday desecration. But of course the anti- Sabbatarians, will be glad to know that the Sunday school children so early begin to love liberty and hate religion ! — A noble witness : At one of the violent infidel meetings in France, preceding the late municipal elections in Paris, in which the clerical party suffered so heavily, there were great female orators who denounced everything with reference to God and religion. Louise Michael and another virago, both famous platform infidels, held forth and denied all belief in God, by ironically, referring to "our holy Mother Church." As. these women were announced to speak, many other women went to listen, out of curiosity. When the viragoes had delivered their, orations, a modest woman rose in the middle of the hall, and asked permission to speak. She was invited to go up to the platform. She wept, and she began by boldly saying, " My name is Mdlle.. Morgan ; you will not accuse me of clericalism. I am a Protestant, and my ancestors . were burned by the Catholics, but I declare unto you that it is a mere chimera to seek for liberty without God !" She was hooted, of course, and returned to her seat amid the laughing of the infidels ; but she was a brave sister who. uttered so brief and noble a testimony, on -behalf of true religion and true liberty! — While so much earnest work has been going on in France during 1880, the enemy has not ; been idle ; and the fruits of irreligion, in what used to be called the religious country of Catholic France, have been growing; a pace. Twenty- two political duels, are reported as having beenfought. Men who fear not God seldom regard man. False honour and false religion go together. Cowardliness and false bravery — or disregard of life —are quite consistent with each other. It is not to be wondered at that murder and cruelty should be looked upon as nothing where life and its duties, life and its issues, life and its future, are not understood. The extension of light reveuls the darkness ; and "whatsoever makes manifest is light." Items from Belgium.— As the bishops and priests obedient to them have been making serious charges against the Government respect ing state schools, a parliamentary enquiry was ordered. The following account, with the speech by the minister for the interior will be read with interest "The inquiry which our Parliament is instituting as to the situation of affairs be tween the State schools and the clergy, as well as with regard to the agitation which has been caused by the new law, is not yet at an end. But already one can judge of the sad spirit which animates the'Romish clergy. JIT. fiolin- Jaequemyns, Minister of the- Interior, in a speech lately delivered at Ghent, expressed himself as follows respecting the results of this inquiry : ' It shows us how men, who, if they busied them selves solely about Church matters, might be excellent priests — how these very men become not only bad priests, but bad citizens, when they allow themselves to be overcome by the frenzy for power. It shows us to what a degree the moral sense may be obliterated in these' men, who should preach the highest and purest morality — that of the Gospel. It shows us the priest, the minister of charity and peace, preaching the rebellion of children against their parentB, sowing discord in families ; it shows him to us exciting the populace against , poor schoolmasters and schoolmistresses, whose only crime is the fulfilment of their functions ; finally it shows us the priest forgetting his high mission and launching into quite a contrary direction. dishonouring bis ministry by the employment of violence and calumny soiling his sacerdotal robe by contact with worldly interests. ' This judg- sevcre though it appear, is not exaggerated. — Protestantism advancing and Popery receding. It is pleasant to read of such facts as the follow ing in so Popish a country as Belgium. Surely the foundations are being destroyed, when the Belgians are so readily coming over to the Gos pel," ! Some time ago the Popish Church might have boasted of Belgium as securely chained to the Pope's chariot as the darkest part of South America ; but the light which has been darting over the continent has penetrated even the well- guarded regions of Belguim. Popery boasts now of a few effete and fashionabie aristocracy in England . passing over to the " Church " and of a . few dishonest .ritualists, who have all along been, Papists ! at their heart; throwing off. their mask; bat these converts are no indication of the feeling of the nation. J The movement in Belgium, and France; and Italy, and Spain which we have from : time to : time been noticing, is a sure index that the people are falling away from Rome, There are thousands of cases like' the following yet in store " At Charleroi is -one of several facts which shows' what progress the work of .evangelization has made in this country. Thirty-nine years ago there-were but a few Protestants in the district of Charleroi. To-day there exists a flourishing church, that ofJumel-Courcclles,wbich has a common origin with that of Charleroi, and which numbers more than 700 members, including child ren,' The church of Gharleroi has 1240 members. The place of worship built for. the latter church in 1850, and holding 400 persons, had become too small. On November lsi we inatujurated a new building, with accomodation /or .1000 person s. A the morning service 1800 persons' thronged the chapel to hear an eloquent discourse from the Rev. Dri De Pressense, of Paris. Four hun dred people were unable to obtain admittance; At the afternoon service 1200 to 1500 persoES listened again attentively to a stirring discourse by M. Cacheux, pastor at Lize-Seraing. This day was one of triump for the Gospel in the- Charleroi district."— Such wonderful progress like this is worth noticing as true success;'-'' What Nest ?— A significant indication of thc times is afforded by the. memorial of the Dean of St. Paul's, and others of the clergy, ad dressed to .the Primate, ; and appealing, to his. judgment on the point, whether some concession to the Ritualistic clergy, might not be made, or some compromise with them effected .by. autho-! rity, hereby they might be released from the imperative obligation resting on them to! obey the law as it stands, which they find so galling and offensive. Such, however surprising,, is the purport of the. memorial. Dean Church .appa rently, has,, till now,, never realized the truth that the clergy of a Church, established by law, must be subject to the law by which, and to the conditions under which, that Church is eBtab- liahcdand endowed. As ministers of a national Church, they are bound by national authority ; and if conscience should step in, and make obedience impossible, they must, if they would be faithful to . its dictates, resign their national position. . This lesson Dean Church, and his : friends, have, as yet, had no necessity to learn ; and their perception of the need for others learii- : ing.it, forced upon them by rooent events, fills them with sorrow and dismay. Meanwhile, it is affirmed that a Bill will shortly he introduced by the Primate, with a view to some extent of: carrying into effect the desires of the Dean, and . of others like-minded with himself, by affording relief in various matters to the tender consciences of the Ritualists, and enabling the more mode-" rate amongst thetn to remain within the pale of the Church of England, without coming into un seemly collision with the law, or tho judgments of regularly constituted courts, whether ecclesi astical or lay. This will indeed be a. new point-: of departure in tho controversy, and the. event is awaited with the utmost interest by all con cerned. ' ' Good. News-— Last May certain resolutions, were drawn up at a meeting in London, under ,the presidency of Bishop Perry, by representa tives of several Evangelical Conferences, to the effect, that, under tho circumstances of the Church, of England, it was desirable to establish more communication between existing clerical and lay associations, formed and conducted on evangeli cal principles. Last month, on the day follow ing the Islington clerical meeting, the first meet ing of the "Clerical and Lay Associations' Union," was held at tho Cannon-street Hotel, at which a large number of elorical and lay re presentatives and friends were present. The' meeting was presided over by Lord Middleton, Chairman of one of tho South-eastern Confer ences, supported by Bishop Perry, the Dean of Ripon, Canons Hoare and Money, Archdeacon Bardsley, and many other well-tried evangeli cals. Papers were read on — " Reasons for United Action," by Archdeacon Bardsley, of Liverpool; and on "The method of United Action," by Canon Hoare, followed by discus sion. In both papers pointod reference was made to the loud call for such unity of action given by the appearance in that morning's papers of the Ritualistic list of grievances, signed by Dean Church and others. So earnest and practical was the tono of the meeting that in the afternoon, after the formal appointment of a Central Committee of Vigilance for the year, the meeting considered in what way the Union could beat and most promptly carry ont the very purpose of its constitution, by meeting the Ritualistic manifesto with, a Btrong wide spread counter-expression of Protestant Evan gelical faith, calculated to steady the .wavering :r amongst both clergy and laity, and to Bupport tire hands of the bishops in tho difficult task which lay before them. Archdeacon Bardsley, _ in the course of his address, alluding to the atti tude which was now being adopted by the Ritualists, wanted a compromise, but they might' as well cry for the moon. It soemed as though it were supposed that the Evangelicals would accent a compromise, and allow the use of semi- Romish services in the Church of England, pro vided a plain service was also given at another hour of the day. What the Doan of St. Paul's wanted was — not a compromise, bat a surren der ; and when this thing was thoroughly under stood, he was sure that churchmen in the north of England would meet, in their hundreds and in their thousands, and raise such a protest that the bishops would see that it was futile, even to discuss the proposition now made by the Ritua lists. Thev wero told, that if some amicable arrangement were not arrived at, disestablish ment would inevitably ensue. Well, much as they valued the advantages of an Established - Church, establishment might be bought too dearly. It should bo always .remembered that the bishops had no power to barter away the principles of the Reformation, for the sake of a false peace. Just as soldiers, on occasions, spiked their guns and blew up the fortress rather than suffer the enemy to occupy their position, so must churchmen even risk disestablishment rather than allow1 blasphemous fables and dan gerous dootrines to be openly taught in the Pro- " testant Church of England. 