CHAPTER XV. THE MOONLIGHT. It was a still frosty night, with' a fall moon. When she reached her chamber Letty walked mechanically to the window, and there stood, with the candle in her hand, looking carelessly out, nor taking any pleasure in the great night. The window looked out oh an open grassy yard, where were a few large ricks of wheat, shining yellow in the cold far-off moon. Between the moon and the earth hang a faint mist, which the thin clonds of her breath seemed to mingle with and augment. There lay her life—out of doors —dark and dall—all the summer faded from it —all its atmosphere a growing fog! She would never see Tom again! It was six weeks since she saw him last. He must have ceased to thiuk of her by this time. And if he did not think of ber again she wonld be far off, nobody knew where. Something struck the window with a slight, sharp claDg. It was winter, and there were no motbs or other insects flying. What conld it be ? She put her face close to the pane, and looked out. There was a man in the shadow of one of the ricks! He had his hat off, and was beckoning to her. It could be nobody bat Tom 1 The thought sent to her heart a pang of mingled pleasure and pain. Clearly he wanted to speak to her. How gladly she would! But then would come again all the titrable of conscious deceit. How was she to bear that all over again? Still, if she was going to be turned out of the house so soon, what would it matter? If her annt was going to compel her to be her own mistress, where was the harm if she began it a few days sooner? "What did it matteranybow what she did ? But she dared not speak to him! Mrs.Wardour's ears were aB sharp as her eyes. The very sonud of her own voice in the moonlight would terrify her. _ She opened the lattice softly, and, gently shaking her head—she dared not shake it vigorously—was on the point of closing it again, wbeD, making frantic signs of entreaty, the man stepped into the moonlight, and it was plainly Tom, It was too dreadful. He might be seen at any moment. She shook her head again, in a way she meant and he understood.to mean she dare not. He fell on his knees and laid his hands together like one praying. Her heart interpreted the gesture as indicating that he was in tronble,and that therefore he begged her to go to him. With sudden resolve she nodded acquiescence, and left the window. Her room was in a little wing projecting from the back of the house, over the kitchen. The servants' rooms were in another part, but Letty forgot a tiny window in one of them, which looked also upon the ricks. There was a back stair to the kitcheB, and in the kitchen a door to the farmyard. She stole down the stair, and opened the door with absolute noise lessness, In a moment more she had etolen on tiptoe round the corner, and was creeping like a ghost amoDg the ricks. Hot even a rustle betrayed her as she came up to Tom from behind. He still knelt where she had left him, looking np to her window, which gleamed like a dead eye in the moonlight. She stood for a moment, afraid to move, lest she should startle him, and he should call out, for the slightest noise about the place would bring Godfrey down. The nezt moment, however, Tom, aware , of her presence, sprang to his fett, and taming, bounded to her, and took her in his arms. Still possessed by the one terror of making a noise, she did not object even by a contrary motion, and when he took her hand to lead her away out of sight of the house she yielded ht once. When they were safe in the field behind the hedge— "Why did you make me come dowD, Tom ?" she whispered, half choked with fear, looking np in his face, which was radiant in the moon shine. " Because I could not bear it one day longer," he answered. "All tbis time I have been breaking my heart to get a word with you, and never seeing yon except at church, and there you would never even look at me. It is crnel of you, Letty. I know you could manage it if you liked, well enough. Why should yon try me so?" " Do speak a little lower, Tom—sound goes so far at night!~ I didn't know you would want to see me like that," she answered, looking up in his face with a pleased smile. "Didn't know!" repeated Tom. "I want nothing else, thiDk of nothing else, dream ot nothing else. Oh, the delight of having you here all alone to myself at last! You darling Letty!" "But I must go directly, Tom. I have no business to be out of the house at this time of the night. _ If you hadn't made me think, you were in some trouble, I daredn't have come." " And ain't I in trouble enough—trouble that nothing but your coming could get me out of ? To love yonr very shadow, and not be able to get a peep even of that, except in ohurch, where all the time of the service I'm raging inside like a wild beast in cage— ain't that trouble enough to make you come to me ?" * Letty's heart leaped up. He loved her then! Love, real love, was what it meant! It was Paradise! Anything might come that would! She would be afraid of nothing any more They might say or do to her what they pleased—she did not care a straw, if he loved her—really loved ber! And he did! he did! She was going to have him all to her own self, and nobody was to have any right to meddle with her more! " I did'nt know you loved me, Tom!" she Baid simply, with a little gasp. "And I don't know yet whether you love me," returned Tom. " Of course, if you love me," answered Letty, as if everybody must give back love for love. Tom took her again in his arms, and Letty was in greater blisB then she had ever dreamed passible. Prom being a nobody in the world, she might now queen it to the top of her modest bent; from being looked down on by everybody, she had the whole earth under her feet; from being utterly friendless, she had the heart of Tom Helmer for her own! Yet even then, elud ing the barriers of Tom's arms, shot to her heart, sharp as an arrow, the thought that she was forsaking Cousin Godfrey. She did not attempt to explain it to herself; she was in too great confusion, even if sbe had been capable of the necessary analysis. It came, probably, of what her annt had told her concern ing her cousin's opinion of Tom. Often and often sinae, Bhe said to. herself that of course Cousin Godfrey was mistaken, and quite wrong in not liking Tom; she was sure he would like him if he knew him as she did !— and yet to act against his opinion, and that never uttered to herself, cost her this sharp pang, and not a few that followed! To soften it for the moment, however, came the vaguely, sadly reproachful feeling, that, seeing they were about to Bend her out into the world to earn her bread, they had no more any right to make such demands upon her loyalty to them, _ as should exclude the closest and only satisfying friend she had—one who would not turn her awBy, but wanted to have her for ever. That Godfrey knew nothing of his mother's design, she did not once suspect. " Now, Tom, you have seen me, and spoken to me, and I must go," said Letty. " Oh, Letty !" cried Tom reproachfully, " now when we understand each other? Would you leave me in the very moment of my supremest bliss ? That would be mockery, Letty! That is the way my dreams serve me always. But surely you are no dream! Perhaps I am dream ing, and shall wake to find myself alone! I never was so happy in my life, and you want to leave me all alone in the midnight, with the moon to comfort me! Do as you like, Letty !— I won't leave the place till the morning. I will go hack to the rickyard, and lie under your window all night." The idea of Tom out on the cold ground, while she was warm in bed, was too much for Lettys childish heart. Had she known Tom better, she would not have been afraid: she wonld have known that he would indeed do as he had said—so far; that he would lie down under her window, and there remain, even to the very moment when he began to feel miserable, and a mome nt longer, but not more than two; that then he would get up, and, with a last look, start home for bed. " I will stop a little while, Tom," she offered, " if you promise to go home as soon as I leave you." Tom promised. They went wandering along the farm lanes, and Tom made love to her, as the phrase is—in bis case, alas! a phrase only too correct. I do not say, or wish understood, that he did not love her—with such love as lay in the immediate power of his development; but being a sort of a poet, such as a man may be who loves the form of beauty, but not the iudwelling power of it, that is, the truth, he made love to her— I fashioned forms of love, and offered them to ! her; and she accepted them, and found the words of them very dear and very lovely. For neither had she got far enough, with all God- 1 frey's endeavours for her development, to leve aright the ring of the true gold, and therefore was not able to„ distinguish the doll sound of the gilt brass Tom offered her. Poor fellow ? it was all he had. But compassion itself can hardly urge that as a reason for accepting it for genuine. What rubbish most girls will take for poetry, aud with it heap up impassably their door to the garden of delights! what French polish they will take for refinement! what merest French gallantry for love! what French sentiment for passion! what commonest passion they will take for devotion—passion that has little to do with their beauty even, still less with the individuality of it, and nothing at all with their loveliness! In justice to Tom I must add, however, that he aho took not a little rubbish for poetry, much centiment for pathos, and all passion for love. He was no intentional deceiver; he was so self-deceived, that, being himself a decep tion, he could be nothing bat a deceiver—at once the moBt complete and the most pardonable, and perhaps the moBt dangerous of deceivers. With all his fine talk of love, to which he now gave full flow, it was characteristic of him that although he saw Letty without hat or cloak, just becanse he was himself warmly clad, be never thought of her being cold, until the arm he had thrown round her waist felt her shiver. Thereupon he was kind, and would have insisted that she should go in and get a shawl, had she not positively refused to go in and come out again. Then he would have had her put on bis coat, that sbe might be able to stay a little longer; but she prevailed on him to let her go. He brought her to the nearest point not within sight of any of the windows, and there leaving her, set ont at a rapid pace for the inn. where he had pnt np his mare. When Tom was gone, and the bare night, a diffused conscience, all abont her, Letty, with a strange fear at her heart, like one in a churchyard, with the ghost-honr at hand, and feeling like "a guilty thing surprised," although she had done nothing wrong in its mere eelf, stole back to the door of the kitchen, longing for the shelter of her own room, as never exile for his fatherland. She had left the door an inch ajar that she might ran the less risk of making a noise in opening it; hut ere she reached it, the moon shining full upon it, she saw plainly, and her heart turned sick, when she saw, that it was closed. Between cold and terror she shuddered from head to foot, and stood staring. Becovering a little, she said (o herself some draught must have blown it to. If so, there was much danger that the noise bad been heard; but in any case there was no time to lose. Bhe glided swiftly to it. She lifted the latch softly — hut, horror of horrors, in vain. The door was locked. She was shnt ont. She mast lie, or confess. And what lie would serve ? Poor Letty! And yet, for all her dismay, her terror, her despair that night, in her innocence she never once thought of the worst danger in which Bhe stood! The least perilous, where no safe way was left, would now have been to let the simple truth appear; Letty ought immediately to have knocked at the door, and should that have proved unavailing, to have broken her aunt's window even, to gain hearing and admittance. But that was just the kind of action of which, truthful as was ber nature, poor Letty, both by constitution and training, was incapable — human opposition, superior anger, condemna tion, sbe dared not encounter. Sbe sank, more than half fainting, upon the doorstep. The moment she came to herself apprehen sion changed into active dread, rnsbed into uncontrollable terror. She sprang to her feet' and, the worst thing she conld do, fled like the wind after Tom — now indeed, she imagined, her only refuge! She knew where he had pnt np his horse, and knew he oonld hardly take any other way than the footpath to Testbridge. He conld not be more than a few yards ahead of ber, she thought. Presently she heard him whistling, she was sore, as he walked leisurely along, bat she conld not see him. The way was mostly between hedges until it reached the common: there she would catch sight of him, for, notwithstanding the gauzy mist, the moon gave plenty of light. On she went swiftly, still fancying at intervals she heard in front of her his whistle, and even his step oh the hard-frozen path. In her eager anxiety to overtake him she felt neither the chilling air nor the fears of the night and the loneliness. Dismay was behind her, and hope before her. On and on abe ran. Bnt when, with now failing breath, she reached the common, and saw it lie to bare and wide in tho moonlight, with the little hat standing on its edge, like a ghas'Iy lodge to nowhere, with gaping black holes for door and window, then indeed the horror of her deserted condition, and the terrors of the night, began to crash their wey into her soai. What might not be larking in that rain, ready to wake at the lightest rustle, and, at sight of a fleeing girl, start out in pnrsnit, and catch her by tbe hair that now streamed behind her! And there was the hawthorn, so old and grotesquely contorted, always brioging to mind a frightful German print at the head of a poem called "The Haunted Heath," in one of her oonsin Godfrey's books! It was like an old miser, decrepit with age, pursned and nnable to ran! Miserable as was her real condition, it was rendered yet more pitiful by these terrors of tbe imagination. The distant bowl of a dog which the moon would not let sleep, the muffled low of a cow from a shippen, and a certain strange sound, coming again and again, which she could not account for, all turned to things nnnatural, therefore frightful. Faintly, once or twice, she tried to persnade herself that it was only a horrible dream from which she would wake in safety; but it would not do; it was, alas! all too real hard, killing fact! Anyhow, dream or fact, there was no turning; on to the end she must go. * More frightful than all possible dangers, most frightful thing of all, was the old house she had left, standing silent iu the midst, holding her room inside it empty, the candle burning away in the face of the moon. Across the common she glided away like a swift wraith, and again into the shadow of the hedges. There seems to be a hope as well as a courage born of despair—immortal, yet inconstant chil dren of a death-doomed aire: both were now departing. If Tom had come this way, she mnst, she thought, have overtaken him long before now. But perhaps she had fainted outright, and lain longer than she knew at the kitchen door, and when she started to follow him Tom was already at home! Alas, alas, she was lost utterly! The footpath came to an end, and she was on the high road. There was the inn where Tom generally put np. It was silent as the grave. The clang of a horseshoe striking a stone came through the frosty air from far along the road, heart sank into the depths of the infinite sea that encircles the soul, and, for the second time that night, Death passing by gave her an alms of comfort, and she lay insensible on the border of the same highway along which Tom, on his bay mare, went singing home. 