Amusements. ? Victobia HAti.— Mr. Df Astoy Beatt's Ghost and; Spectroscope eutartainmeut continues to draw large and appreciative audiences. The entertainment ooiMrtnoes with a metrioal feraion by Hf. GarMV: Waloh, of thftfeiiy tal* of 'i beauty and the Beast, cleverly adapted to brine into due prominence the apectroabopio effects. '^Beauty audth* Beaet'^ *s followed by the 'Water Nymphs,' after Olaaae Lorraine's famous picture. Graeefal, f air j-like forms are seen floating in transparently blue water to an accompaniment Vf aweetly-*endered vocal music. The entertainment concludes with » monologue 'The Haunted Housef'rin which Mr. D* Arty Bead plays most excellently the speaking part. The piece abounds iu ludicrous situations, and is brought to a close amidst roan of laughter, by tno appearance of the whole army of ghog.ts, fantastically revolving 'and oapering im mid-air. 'The entertainment is thoroughly- laughable thoronghont and', will v&U; rep&y; a visit. ; -. . .'' . ' tj QnBEN'8 The atbb?— 'Borneo and. Juliet was played oa Wednesday sight, Mr. Dewhurst sustain ing the character of ; the enamoured hero and Miss : Marian Willis that of the heroine. Mr. Dewhurst's Borneo, is certainly noi'an ideal. one, but there is much to admire in it. 11 the stalwart figure of that gentleman searcely realised that of tho youthful Borneo, it, at all -events, prt?anted aucha likeness of a gay and gallaut oavaliet e.s any maiden xaigbt be pardoned for falling in love with. Mr. pewhurst's performance throughout was very spirited, but perhaps he was mosi.cucoessful ia those scenes in which the tragio, ratber taan she tender, passions have to be exhibited. As for instance, in the 'frenzied outbursts when Uomeo learus fro* Friar Lawrence that th« former is sentenced to banishment' for the death of Tybalt, Mr. Dewkuret was particu larly effective. The soene at the tomb wag likewise rendered with great force and pathoB. Miss Marian 'Willis's Juliet displayed much grace and feeling, and a very intelligent conception ef the requirements of the character. The remainder of the cast wae of aver aea merit. To-night the performance at this house will be for the benefit Of the family of the late J. Booty. Mr. Dawhnret is to enact the trial scone from the 'Merchant of Venice,*' and a drama, entitled ' Time ana the Hour,' will be presented by thn members of the Lytton Dramatic CoMpany. An address, written for the occasion by Mr. Richmond Thatcher, is to be epoken by. Mr. J, H. Rainford. Iheatee Koy&l.; — At the Theatre Boy al.' Ma dame iTayart ' is drawing, capitaj audiences, and appears likely to do so for some time. School, of As- is. — Mr. Maoabe keeps his visitors at the School of Arts far removed from ' dull care.' e« the title of his entertainment indicates. A. visit to thiB plaae will please any one and bring roars of laughter from the most stoical. Mr. Maoabe's »tudy of the street musieiau is beyond description, indeed it is. too, dreadfully real. Tee Opbba. House. — Messrs. Kelly and Leon's Company, at tho Opera House, continue their pretty little opera called 'Patinitza,' in which Mus Wan genheim takes the leading role, while Messrs. Kelly and Bctlton sing the baritone and tenor portions respectively. The Highlands of Scotland. — Yesterday evening, at St.. Sceohen's Churah, tha Rev. Dr. Steel gave his second lecture on his ''Tour through the Highlands of Scotland' to a large ana attentive amdienca. Fifty really Beautiful lantern views added no little to the evening's enjoyment. The leoture itself was restate with interesting historical remiHieceooes and humorous stories, and was most favourably recei««d. During the evening a collec tion was made iu aid of the library of the Sabbath 'school, whioh amounted to .£5, bring £4 9a lees! than tha proceeds of the lecture on Monday evening. I Gaiett Theatre.— It WR8«tatfd yesterday that 'this popular place of amusement had come nuder the tolo lenseealiip of Mr. John Solomon. This statement was premature. Arrangements were en tered into yesterday; by which Mr.'-L. -M, Bayless, tbe well-known enterprennewt, takes, »ole charge of tbe theatre aB lessee under a lone lease. With Mr. Bayloss will, of course, be aesoeiated, his talented wife (Miss Mary Gladstane\\. who, we understand, will act as directress. It may be mentioned that the successful organisation of tbe Montague-Turner Opera Company wae chiefly due to that lady's far seeing judgment. Mr. Bayless is effecting extensive improvements in the theatre; and will reopen itoa. Saturday, October 8, Mr. Alfred Danipier being en caged as Drinoioal. 