HEWS IN BRIEF. Temora has produced a hogget weighing j 120oz. / . :-v :: A matrimonial agency has been opened in Sydney. ' ' v " ' The population of Switzerlandnowhomb&s; 2.890.000. ' . The sale bf " H.M.S. Pinafore" has reached 200,000 copies. ' The week's export of coals from Newcastle totals 28,361 tons. , - . Small-pox is raging in Honolulu, brought there from Canton. The streets of Hull are now lighted by the Siemens electric system. An important strike of water has been made in a Temora claim at 190ft. Lannceston is undergoing a mining fever of almost Sandhurst intensity. The Rev. C. H. Spurgeon contemplates visiting Australia for health. A new Wesleyan Church at Blenheim, N.Z., has been burnt to the ground. ' A platypus was found inside an eight-foot black snake killed at Burrowa. The statue of Spinoza at the Hague is.the first effigy of a Jew ever erected. Suicides are greatly on the increase in the large cities of the United States. \- The winter prospects for Queensland stock are generally considered favourable. There are a thousand Roman Catholic Maories in the diocese of Wellington. Mauritius sugar prospects are . considered 30 per cent, better this season than last. Joubert, the commander of the revolted Boers, was formerly a clerk in Melbourne. The Duke of Manchester left Sydney on Tuesday by the Wakatipu for Wellington. Gold has been found tin considerable quantity in the lode of a Cornish copper mine. After passing the censorship, " Endymion" is to be translated into four Bussian dialects. A portion of an enormous Mastodon has been found at Chicago in excavating a sewer. A.young Austrian woman drowned herself in the Danube because she was growing too fat. . To detect forgery, the Bank of France has adopted the camera in preference to chemical tests. The youngest son hf the . manager of the Union Bank at Geelong has died from typhoid fever. Cablegrams record the death of Sir Charles Beed, M.P., chairman of the London School Board. Mr. B. H. Budd, of Victoria, has attained the degree of M.A. at the Cambridge Uni versity. At Bevolver Point, Cooktown, two China men found a piece of quartz containing 50oz. of gold. A New Zealand paper terms a brother of the Press " a bilious corresponding loco- griph." The population of Berlin 'has doubled during the last twenty yeaTS, and now numbers 1,118,630. For the week ending 18th March, fonr Gympie mines declared dividends amounting to £4,890. A tomato weighing 16oz. has been grown in the garden of the Bank of Australasia at Casterton. Three miles of book-cases, 8ft. high., in the British Museum, are lighted by an electric dome light. Scientists calculate the duration of a lightning flash at less than the millionth part of a second. The Adelaide Exhibition opens on 21st July for one month. The business people are -in strong opposition. A Queensland tramway company has been formed, under influential auspices, with a capital of £60,000. Two cricket-fielders at Onehunga, N.Z., collided when .after the same ball, and one had five ribs broken. The hearing of the insolvency ease , of the captain of the Australian Eleven is reported in the Sydney papers. Whilst lighting a public-house lamp at Moama a man fell off the small ladder, and was killed on the spot. Large flocks of Blue Mountain parrots are destroying the grapes in the Great "Vestern vineyards near Stawell. The New York Herald impressively warns American heiresses against marrying broken- down English noblemen. The proprietor of a new slicing machine at Sandhurst guarantees to Cut up edibles for 700 people in two hours. With the exception of .Turkey, the blood.of Marie Stuart flows in.: the veins of every reigning family in Europe. Longfellow's poem, " The Building of the Ship,'' has been set to music by Barnett, and met with critical approval. A large amount of capital is being invested' in real estate in New South Wales— £150,000 hy one Sydney firm alone. The Queensland Meat Export Company have purchased the Lake's Creek works at Bockhampton for £12,500. The natives of the South Sea Islands have contributed £1,600 to the funds of the New South Wales Bible Society. For a brutal assault, the Sandhurst P.M. sentenced three young larrikins to three months', with hard labour. The total New South Wales revenue for tha first quarter thiB year is £1,393,246, showing a net increase of £464,675. Sir Morton Peto lias devoted part of the fortune he received with his wife to the pay ment of his former creditors. » A married member of the Municipal Coun cil of Amiens has been exfeensively forging the notes of the Bank of France. Norway has its deadlbck. Ministers cannot sit in Parliament, and a bill to enable them has been vetoed by the king. Arthur Sullivan's "Martyrs of Anfioch" is favourably criticised as being a valuable ad dition to English lyric music. Forty-two persons died in England last year, each ieaifing property fiver £100, 0Q0; j and three exceeding a million. ! j A quartz specimen taken from the Last Chance claim, May town, Queensland, weighs 500oz., and is nearly half gold. London consumes 450,600 tons of bread annually; value, at 7d. the quartern loaf, £21,875 daily, £7,320,000 yearly. Smart-looking, half -male-costumed foot- women are, in some fashionable households, superseding the London footman. The Maories have subscribed £400 to de fray the cost of a native " embassy " to lay their grievances before the Queen. A scene in " Mannikin," a play running at Paris, consists of Worth's dressing room, with an exhibition of costumes a la mode. In Ireland last year 850,000 acres were under potatoes. The average produce, tf or the last ten years was 3 tons per acre. A settler on the Endeavour River, Queens land, has a thousand cocoanut tress in full growth, and purposes further planting. An old cannon, in use forty years ago, has been found at Newcastle, N.S.W., 35ft. belpw the surface, embedded in coal clinkers. The first consignment of frozen meat from Orange by he Orient line will be- ready in May, and will be on squatters' account. For maliciously killing eight bullocks at Tarn worth, New South Wales, an offender was sentenced to eight years' hard labour. Tasmania is in the London market for a three million 4 per cent, loan, and Fiji for a 4 1 per cent, loan of a million and a half The Prince of Wales drives about in a hahdsome private hansom, having a lumi nous clock in the centre of the splashboard. The Executive Committee of the Exhibi tion have sent 200 free passes for the use of the inmates of the Immigrants' Aid Society. i Lazy Jemmy, the South Australian abo riginal awaiting trial for felonious assault, was found dead at Wirrega, hanging from a tree. The New Zealand Government have effected savings to the extent of £252,000 on the year, and will be able to make both ends meet. An American suicide rang the bell at the Paris Morgue, handed in his name and ad dress, and instantly shot himself through the heart., f The Queen has purchased a quadricycle for the princesses at Osborne, a favourite means of locomotion with the ladies of the Isle of Wight The Irish Land Leaguers have started a Radical London newspaper, to educate England up to Home Rule and Irish land reform. The annual income of Great Britain is two thousand millions sterling, and two hundred millions are yearly added to the British capital. Mr. B. W. Emerson M'lvor, the agricultural chemist, is in New Zealand, reporting on the White Island sulphur as a supply for chemical manures. D.'C. F. Moody, of A. T. Clark whipping notoriety, has entered himself as a competitor in the six days' go-as-you-please match at Adelaide. Several of the leading metropolitan hotels use water brought in tanks from Mount M&cedon; and Ballarat, and sold at a penny per gallon. New Zealand is looking up, having garnered a magnificent harvest in splendid weather. The new property-tax realised £125,000 the first week. A party of twenty labourers, with waggons, removed the furniture of Lord Aylesford from Pakenham-hall, under a bill of sale held by a money-lender. The dreaded rinderpest is raging virulently in Batavia. Colonial stockholders are pressing preventive measures on their several Governments. The Deputy Postmaster-General officially reports that for telegraphy and general post- office work five young men are equal to ten young women. The Hon. G. F. Blclier, M.L.C., liberally treated the forty. Sunday scholars of St. Mark's, Kensington, to the Exhibition, pay ing all expenses. The Apollo Candle Company treated 120 employes and their wives to the Exhibition, paying expenses, and not deducting the holi day from earnings. Two Spanish ladies of title were recently found insensible In their closed carriage at Madrid, overcome by the perfume of natural flowers in their hair. At the Inverell dinner, the Duke of Man chester expressed an opinion that Australian wine would soon compete successfully with the wines of Europe. Last year, 40,680 persons were employed in the United States in the manufacture of agricultural implements, an eight-fold in crease in thirty years. The German Crown Princess, Mary of England, exceeds by five years half. the allotted span of human life. As Mr. M'Kean says, " Tempus fugit" Baltimore city is supplied with 500 million gallons of water from Lake Montibello reser voir, covering 60 acres, and running through ' seven miles of tunnels. At Queeriscliff, on Friday, a three-year-old child, sitting' with her father at breakfast, was fatally choked by a small piece of ham sticking in her throat. Through not turning off the gas in his' sleeping room, a cigar" manufacturer in Garlton w£is found insensible, and lies in danger in the hospital. A smart man — very smart — has been round the poorer suburbs correcting errors in the census papors as a Government official, and charging a shilling fee. A Supreme Court case disclosed the owner ship of a notorious hotel at Kapunda to Vest in the SocRety for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts. The wardrobe of the late Duchess of Suther land (sold recently under the hammer) in cluded 500 shawls, 600 pairs of silk stockings, and 2,000 pairs ofgloves. Catharine Warren, alias Mrs. Wilkio, who totally shot Mr. Nortbh, P.M., at Dubho, has been let off with manslaughter, gnd three years', half with hard labour. Bev. J. E. Tenntoon Woods, the New South Wgles beologtot.exressBsthe . opirnon; that the uew Burrum coalfield will proye per- manent and equal to Newcastle.! K : At the Courtesey Cirbus, New Ybrk, a, lion, tamer in five minutes was torn tq. pieces by & tiger before the spectators; could shoot the enraged .beast with their revolvers. . \ , , Warrnambool horsebreaiker, only got three months' for nearly hanging his wife by hauling her up to a rafter with a rope round her neck till she became insensible. Typhoid fever prevails at Geelong. If the sanitary Cleanliness of the town mqre nearly approached the godliness /of the people, the fever-fiend would have fewer victims. . Fifteen years ago the stumps were standing m Queen street, Brisbane. Fifteen days ago the Government sold the land in building allotments at £141 per foot frontage. A short-sighted fish -hawker at Beaufor drove his cart at night over a perambulator killing the infantile occupant, and drove on» thinking he had only run over a goat. A Sydney Morning Herald proof-reader named Dawson, from Melbourne, was by a shunting engine whilst crossing the Bed- fern railway station on his way home. Drawn by fourteen bullocks, a Daylesford - spar is progressing towards the Kingston mines, 80ft. long, 2ft. diameter at butt, 1ft. at small end, and straight as an arrow. The Orakei Maori Parliament has requested the Government to publish the New Zealand Hansard in Maori as well as English, so that the natives may know what is being done. Omitting the first £500 exempt, the taxable value of New' Zealand property totals sixty millions, Which, at a penny in the pound, will yield a property tax of £250,000. The mining manager of a quartz mine at Eaglehawk has been fined four guineas and a guinea costs for storing. blasting powder and ithofraeteur in one of the levels of the mine. The leading branch of the Sydney Free Public Library circulated 37,321 books last year, and tbe reading-room, which is open on Sundays and week days, had 134,462 visitors. An insolvent butcher has been arrested for burning down the Temora Herald office, the proprietor being the agent of the official assignee, and having charge of the insolvent's books. Mr. Cecil Balfour, the late owner of the Redgauntlefc yacht,, sold to a Melbourne owner, was thrown from his horse on the Liverpool Plains, New South Wales, and killed. L Estrange, the Sydney aeronaut, has wisely given up ballooning, and has been presented with a gold watch and chain, value £70, in commemoration of his late adventurous escape. The recent census shows the United States population to be nearly double that of England. la fiEty years, at the same rate of increase, the population will number 200 million. Following the English practice, the names and addresses of offenders convicted of getting out of carriages whilst trains are in motion will be posted in future on the Victorian Railways. The Commissioner of Customs has inflicted penalties in the silk smuggling case amounting to £2,499, being three times the value of the goods, in addition to the 25 per cent. duty. The New South Wales Government purpos e bringing in a bill for the suppression of lar - rikinism. Judging from journalistic record.1!, all the Australasian colonies mi'ght very we 11 follow suit. . ' . The Postmaster- General is completing sji arrangement with the Melbourne Omnibus Company for the telegraph messengers «n duty to ride in the 'buses on the variolas lines of route. . " f An information has been laid in the. lj&w; courts against the Mount Garobier Tofwn Council for illegally contracting the Tofrn- hall loan. Councils now-a- days have to mind their p's and q's. . f The Times of India astronomer predicts the appearance of two immense cometi in April or Junfi, which will extend over a foprth of the heavens, and eclipse the brilliancy of the noonday sun. / . The Ballarat Fire Brigade have had 'A suc cessful trial with the steam fire-engine pur chased from the Exhibition, the engine throwing a stream of water to the top of the tower, 90ft. high. / A box containing 500 cigars, landed at Williamstown from R.M.S. Brinqlisi, on reaching Melbourne in bond was found to be empty. A Customs inquiry has failed to dis cover the pilferer. / An aged hottle- washer, residing. at! Hotham, was attacked by a donkey in a Flemington paddock, and bitten so severely /about the face and body as to render his condition in the hospital critical. Presumably because he was not nominated for President, General Ulysses Grant declined to attend the new President's inauguration, thereby not exactly showing the wisdom pf his classical namesake. Under the impression that he would be fined £20 for sleeping- from home on. the census night, a Sandhurst miner working at Heafcheote travelle p. thirty miles to repose under the domestic! roof. . An Irish " Boycotted"" landlord attended a dinner party armcld with a Winchester re peating rifle and ;a five-chaiabered revolver, whilst his wife carried a second revolver, and his daughter a Derringer. , In the appeal cfase of the Victoria Racing Glub v. the Borough of Essendon and Flemington, the municipal TO>lne of the Flemington racecourse was reduced by Judge Cope from £2,000 to £300. -v The New ZeaHand Government a bonus of £500 foif three years for the first 100 tons of cane shgar refined in the cbfony, and also a 'bouu-js for the , v of sporting and blasting powder. Captain R.- W. Iporne, one of the first com- , missioners on thd Victorian goldfields, died on Thursday at art advanced age. ,v $hb de- ceased gentleman pas ah Indian and served in the campaign of 1640-1. . ; - - _ The Glasgow £ lerald states th&t; .a Bell- . Coleman refrigert tiiig I lOQft; broad, r i'-fi-- .r — ".V" ii'r'iMMM-waai of meal & dSyRas been made toythe ordsrof theNewBouth Wales Government. Germany has sustained a loss, in a mili- i tary mniMj by the death of .General Van Goebens, who was looked - upon as the suc cessor cd Baron Von Moltke when the. aged strategist should pay the inevitable debt. After fearful sufferings in the hush, four men reached the Mount Browne diggings in the last stage of exhaurtion, and are not expected to recover. They killed their horses for the blood, and afterwards opened their own veins. In " Our Australian Gousins," Mr. James Inglis" states that Australian women are "more generally pleasing, more lovely in feature, and mom graceful in figure, than English women." Oh l what a statement ! A male assistant-teacher at the St. Hilda State school, aged twenty seven, and pre viously life temperate, imbibed too freely when visiting the Exhibition with the scholars, and was found drowned in the Yarra. Itondon has its Cleopatra's Needle on the Thames Embankment. New York has beaten the Britisher by importing and erecting an Egyptian obelisk in the CentralPark, weighing 253 tons— 34 tons in excess of the Cleopatra. The new Pres toman printing-machine at the South Australian Advertiser office was started by the Governor on Thursday. The machine is thp. only one of the kind in the colonies, and will print 12,000 papers per j hour. \ M. Kowalski's lyric drama, " Vercingetorix," was successfully produced on Thursday, before a large audience, numbering 7,000, at the Garden Palace, Sydney, Madame Boema's rendering of her part being specially com mended. An experimental field of rice grown on the hanks of the Bellinger River, Queensland, looks well, and is considered a great success. The stalks are 4ft. long, the blossoms 1ft., and the crop will be ready for harvesting in a fortnight. A Russian giant, 7ft. 5in. high, formerly in the Emperor's body- guard in the Turkish war, is exhibited at -Paris, with the Princess Paulina, a Dutch dwarf, 14in. high, standing in the palm of the giant's hand, realising Gulliver in reality. Florence Hoeking, seven years and eleven months old, State scholar at No. 877, Sand hurst, daughter of the head teacher, obtained the fall number of nine passes in the fifth \- class, and is the youngest Victorian who has passed the standard. The leader of a desperate gang of Illinois horsestealers has been discovered in Lizzie Barton, aged seventeen, in appearance an in nocent-looking backwoods girl, but who has been actively engaged in horse-lifting since she was ten years old. Tha Empress of Japan has presented the Empress of Germany with two Japanese dogs, the only live specimens in Europe. The dogs resemble the King Charles breed, have black heads, hair long and white, with black spots, and feed mostly on rice. Some of the Gympie quartz mines are proving real Aladdin's lamps to the lucky shareholders. Five tons and a half of stone from the " Who'd-a-thought-ifc " claim yielded 161oz. of gold, and 131 tons from the Golden Crown gave 2,140oz. A Dunedin miscreant jammed the points of the Peninsular and Ocean Beach tramway with large stones to " half-cock," to upset a passenger train. Fortunately the watchful eyes of the engineer saw the obstruction, and the train was stopped in time. Mr. G. Ashcroft, manager of the Welling ton railway, has patented a new quart 7. crush ing and gold-saving machine, wlich is claimed to save 20 per cent, more gol-1, at 50 per cent, less cost; the motor, steam or Ahorse power, or a couple of men. In the Cambridge district, a Maori of one jnbe stole the wife of a Maori of another tribe. Both tribes met prepared for fight, bat the offending tribe raised a peace-offering pip of dead and live stock, which was ulti- mately accepted 111 ueu ui i>ue luiiawaj. The Cobar copper mine is situated in the rheart of the back country, 100 miles south of JBourke and 120 miles east of Wilcannia. The company employs 650 men, and spends £1,800 in weekly wages. Rich copper lodes are being opened up in other parts of the district. The " domestic difficulty" still obtains in Sydney. At the Immigration Depot on Thursday, seventy-eight mistresses inter viewed seventeen new -chum servant- girls, and, in obedience to the law of supply and demand, high wages, prospectivefollowers, and Sundays- out formed items in the bond. Sulphate of quinine is now used in large quantities. South American bark is inferior in quality ; East Indian is better, but limited in quantity. An effort is being made to introduce the cultivation of the chincona into Fiji, experts considering the climate and soil favourable for the production of a superior bark. The board appointed to inquire into the removal of Mr. Neal from the Industrial Schools and Reformatories Department have reported that the charges brought against that officer are entirely unfounded, and advise further inquiry into the motives of those making the charges, by whom he was super seded. A painful interment scene occurred at the Rochester Cemetery recently. The coffin jammed tight when half-wav down the too small grave, the trappings had to be torn off the coffin to9 extricate it, and the minister and relatives had to wait until the grave was enlarged before the interment could be con cluded. Mormon missionaries have been trying to convert the New Zeaknders. The Maoris listened patiently ; thea drily replied that so /nany white religions had been pressed on f,h,rir notice as to realty puzzle their choice. The white replies, to Mormon arguments assume the shape of thowers Gf rotten vege tables anjl other unsaviury missiles, necessi tating nndibale digit- At Gardiner Hew York county, the good-looking se"ventem-year-old" niece of a well-to-do farmer elqped with a stalwart vonng negto of twsny-one, in her uncle's employ, but fafled .tipnd a minister who wrald marry tbemJmm anextra-sharp darkey thought of &«gdng jhs damsel's whitefatifl mth burnt ; A NewZealand company, with a oapital of | £20,000, is being formed at /Wellington, for exploring and colonising portions of New Guinea and opening up a trade. The new : company is originating from, the favourable ) report of the returned adventurers of a | similar expedition which sailed two years ! since in the barque Courier. ! The British exhibitors have presented Sir ! Herbert Sandford, their commissioner, with a | draft on London for £300 for him to iriyestin j a souvenir to his own taste. acknowledging the gift, Sir Herbert intimated he should | expend the sum in commissioning colonial artists in London to paint' some of the finest j views of Australian scenery. j A fifteen-year-old stage-struck damsel wrote ; to the -manager of the Sydney Theatre Royal I in orthography rivalling the spelling of a 1 Yankee humburist, requesting employment: as ! an actress, in return for food and clothing, as j she could not agree with her sisters. She ! describes herself as having "a tol-lol voice," and being " by berth " a lady. The crowd surrounding the shop of the Swanston street fishmonger evidenced the curiosity felt in the frozen fish. The novel sight of fresh Scotch salmon and English torbot and soles evoked the pleasures of memory in the middle-aged and old, hut the general verdict of young Victoria was that the frozen-out-of -all- shape strangers didn't look so much, after alL The New South Wales Ministry omitting the town and district of Grafton from the new railway scheme, the local paper appeared in mourning, advertised for " an honest Govern ment," and excited public meetings talk of annexation to Queensland. The Northern Argus also advocates Boycotting the Sydney merchants and dealing with Melbourne in stead. Great is the anger of the Graftonians. The Maryborough Advertiser's leading article claims first rank for the local larrikin whose nightly occupation is to" cut the fire-bell rope, burst open schools, smash corporation lamps, brealrchurch windows, and cement-up key holes." The leader writer thinks that if a pickled specimen qf the genus had been sent to the Exhibition, even a New York hoodlum would have stood no chance of taking first prize. Sir Thomas Hesketh, an English baronet, has married Miss Sharon, daughter of a wealthy botelkeeper at San Francisco. An Arabian Nights' extravagance characterised the wedding ceremony ; humming birds of gorgeous plumage flitted through Camellias and choice exotics in the floral chapel ; cham pagne flowed like water, and twenty columns in the 'Frisco daily journals hardly sufficed to describe the event. The Governor complains to the Central Board of Health that the stench from the Yarra makes Government-house uninhabitable South Yarra residents aver that the stench complained of arises from the Mlmongery at the foot of Yarra street, and not from the river. The Charon of Brander's Ferry aseerts that the river does smell, and he ought to know; whilst the ghost of Hamlet's father would scent the perfume of the " Corporation tip " much easier than the morning air. This provides for three points of the compass, so perhaps the most correct conclusion is that Government-house, in its elevation, enjoys a good all-round stink. In addition to falling ont with the Press, Herr Bandmann has quarelled with Reynolds, actor and manager of the Christehnrch Theatre. The Herr posted playbills with his own name in large, and the actor-manager's in small type. The manager tore down the bills and posted fresh ones, with the names and types reversed. The Herr re-posted fresh bills over the manager's, and rival billstickers were busy all day long destroying each other's work, ending at last in a free fight. But the Herr " bested" the manager at night, by obtaining a medical certificate that he was too excited by the fray to play the part an nounced, and changing the performance to " The Lady of Lyons." What a Teutonic temper the Herr must be blessed with. 