CELEBRITIES AT HOME- THIS EARL OF DENBIGH AT NEWN HAM PADDOX, It has been eald tbat tbo history of England is tbe history af lie great famillos. Probably tbero Is ns muoh truth In tbe saying as oould bo reasonably expected In so sweeplug a pro noelllon. Certainly the career of a raon hi tho Felldlngp.nho fur six oenturiea have flgnred ootivoly In tbo uatloual aunale, affords a valuables example and illustration of tho viols sltudes through wbloh our oountry has passed without Eulntiuu of bistorloal continuity, It la In tho tirno of Henry III, that wo first hear ot them, Aooording to Dugdalo, the Count of H&palmrtf; of tbo period having boon reduced to gr>nt poverty by tho oppression of tho Emperor Rmtolpb, our ol nla sons entered Into tho aorvlco ef the English monarob, from whom bo rco&lvod; ' coneidsrablo support in rents und fees lying in sundry places. From wbloh it would appear that tbo dlatlngnlabod but fmpoouniouB German Serenities, who In theBQ latter dayo seek suocor nt tho Oouet of this country from time to time, may, at all ovonte, appoal to venerable precedent. The naturalised Hapoburg soon distinguished blm- soil aa n good Englishman, nud assumed tbo surn&ms; of Felldlng, from tbo domlotou ol Rbintildlng, to whioh bis father laid claim His son married an heiress, and his grandson did likewlao, tboroby acquiring Nownbam Paddox, wbfob baa ever stuoo been tho clutf nest of tho family. Indeed, tha tu felix Austria nube appears tu bavo beon as oboilahed a tradition of tho yonngor I brcnob of the Hapoburga as of tbo olaor Heiresses and coheiresses !n' long Rnoeesslon, bruucht iporeaso of wealth and fnlluonoe to tbe FrUdiuge; nor do thuir fortunes appear to have suffered muoh from tbo olvil commotions through wblob, like tbo rest of tho world.tbey passed during centuries of tarbulonoe They took tbeir full share, indeed, In any fighting which happened to be going on, but wltbout any bigoted tenacity as to side. Tbus wo find tbo bead of the bouse falling at Towkos ! bory, a stout Eitnor.strlnn, - while bis 1 fucocspnr bold a chief ooinmaml nndor E Iward IV nt Stoke. Befdro the Civil Wars broke out In Charles I.s,rolgntheybndatBiQHd tbe pooraga In the person of the first Eri of Deuhigb, wbo bad married a sister of the Duko of Bucking ham, James I.'s 'Stceulo,' nod who, a devoted Royalist, loet his lifo in tbe Kicp'u cause, His eldest son was as aetlvo on tbo ParlUmontary side, so that tbo family stood to win In any oveut, Tbo third Earl, who wn? the nsphsw of the seoond, was already Ewl of Diomond when tbe Denbigh title fell to blm ; anil from tbat time those honors, as woll as tbo ccuntsblp of Hapsburv, which stands first la tbo Latin style— Ombss de Hap»bnrg, Denbigh ot Desmond — havo deoended regularly through a succession ot county magnates, It Is not, however, from any of theeo tbrloo noblo lords that the namo of Feilding bas received its ohlef dlstinotion, The renown which has rondered it ono of tbo most UluttrouB in tbe llteraturo of Eogland was derived from a poor consfo, wbo in the last ocntury okod out whet ho calls r.u looomo of IifiOO a year of the dirtiest monoy in Englrud,' whioh be rcoelved as Juatloo of the Pence for Westminster and Middlesex, by using bis Inimitable peu So depict the obarootoro and eonnea ot contemporary life. 'Oar Immortal- Feilding,' Gibbon write, 1 was of the youngfr branch of the Earls of Denbigh, who drow tftalr origin from tbo Counts of IXapsburg. Tha sucoessora of Charles V. may disdain tbeir brotbron ol Eag land, bat tbe romance of Tom Jones, tbat exqnlsito picture of humor and manners, will ontllvo the palaoa of tbo Esonrlal and the Tmnurial eaela of Austria.' At the risk of spoiling the great historian's rhetoric, it should be addsd tbat tbe successors of Charles V. do not dledaln their brethren of England. Tbo relations between tho Imoarlal Austrian homo and tbe lorda of Nownbsim are cf a cbaraoior which may be justly tormed cordial. It bao not been the present Lord Denbigh's lot to oohiove renown either as a warrior or . a writer of books. But ho has passed through on ordeal whlob la a not less eeveie tcet of a man's quriltlea than the martial or tbo literary life. Burn luto aa age of ecoleeisBllonl oontrovcray nud theological dis putatloi), be found himself In early manhood deeply involved in the strife of tougues. It Ib a etrlfo from which low (sane without greater oe less deterioration of ok&rnotar.; If a man la loyal to bis oonviotlons, and follows them to tbe tud, he Is extremely apt to adopt a rbada- msntbine touo towards thoeo who have lagged behl&d;'bim, and to euffer a diminution in his charity proportionate to tha addition to his faitb On tbo otber hand, If he shrinks from tho conclusions to. whioh ho (a logically led, tho lurking consciousness of moral oowardloo is likely enough to paralyse his energies for good dating tha rest of bis aaroer It is Lord Don blgh'a happiness, even by tho confession of tboeewbo most widely differ from him, to have pissed through the conflict of opinion with 'hand unstained and unoorrnptod heart' He was an undergraduato ot Cambridge, when, as Viscount Feilding, be first aamu undor the IniludDoe of tbe movement whlob, originated at the sister university by Mr Newman aud . Mr Keble, issued in tbe tracts for tbe Times and tbe commotion of 2S45. Bat bio more pnblio Bh«ro In It was confined to its later stapes. Perhaps the onlmlnatlng moment ot his Pasoylsm was In 1S50, when tho great gatboricg to protest against tbo Gorham judgment wss held In St Martin's Hall, and tbe number of .applicants lor admission being in excess of tbe c&pnoity; of tbat edifice, Lord Folldtng was told off as 'a safe man' to bo tho obalrman of a oupplcmentaiy meetlng'at the Freemasons' Tavern. It was there tbat ho dfaooursed of the duty of sticking to the sblp so long as two planks of ber,beld together. He soon made up his mind apparently that even auob a modioum of seaworthiness was wanting to the national communion ; foe it was only a few months after this oration that tbo safe man who had delivered it w«b received Into ' the bark of Petes,' His 1 porvorelon' was a nlne«dnyQ' wonder and exuolsed a judicloas public to an extent wblob It is fdiflionlt to realise lu thsaa times, Tbe gieatbulk|of fchepeoplo ofltbisoonntry probaby bavejoo bettor oplnion|of Popery tban tbey had then, But tbe submission of a mon of position to the Oatbollo Church bas cossed to be aooountod bmouBtrous phenomenon. People bavo got used to it ; and now a peer— ovon an Under, Beoretary of State In a Conservative Admlnia tratlon, like Lord Bury— may beoomo a Papist and exolte no astonishment and little oom« ment, It was otherwise thirty years ago; and tbe man who bad the courage of his opinions, It those opinions happened to bo ot a Oatbollo type,' knew well that something Ilka eoolal reprobation and political outlawry awaited blm. So it oestalnly was In tho oase of Lord Den» blgb, and an unhappy phrase with wbloh be was qiedttid added materially to his diffi cullies, He was reported to have annonncsd tbat he was' an Englishman if you please, bnt ,a Catholic first. What really happened was this. He was addressing o publlo meeting in .wblob there was a large Hibernian element, and enjoined bis hearers to remember tbat whether they were Englishmen or Irishmen tbey were Oathollos first ; perhaps a not wholly unnecessary reminder to patriots wbo oreapt to display a tendenoy to assassiaatlon, arson, and mutilation of oattle,— praotloes which, whether patrlotlo or not, rtooordiog to the Parnelllto conception ot patriotism, are plainly forbidden by. . tho Oatholto religion Buttne.pbraBO'OatnolIo first' clave to Lord Denbigh, together with the gloss put - upon It by Exeter Holt, that be Is an Englfsbman a very Jong way after, His neighbors at Newnham Paddox, and his friends of &U; .orceds, or as it may ohanoe, ol no creed, whom be delights to gather under his boopltable roof tbere,- wonld by no means ondorsa this dictum, Lord Denbigh's borne Is a typical Eigllsb country bousp, and Its owner 1?, In every fibre of blm, nn English gentleman, a bold rider across oonntry, an oxoollent shot, keenly Interested In tbe affairs of his country, and In all the occupations and duties wbloh centre round the ancient seat of his fimlly.Tha home Iteelf ts a modern pile and bat recently been in part rebuilt. Adjoining It Is the beautiful little Catholic obapei, ono of tbe est works of poor Mr Wyott, and -one of his beat, Conspicuous among tbe artlstlo treaaurea accumulated fta the bouse by many generations are the magnificent Vandykes wbloh all the World went to sea at Burlington Honso a low wlnleia ago ; and bis visitors find In Lord Denbigh a most aooompllihed and Indefatigable raconteur, ready to toll them all abont the pictures, and seasoning bis narrative with pfqnant anecdote, orbola pan, or harrowing ghost story. One of tbe moat blgbly«pifzed relloa of the past at Newnham Is a amall ring, containing the miniature set In diamonds of Obarlea I. It was given by tbe King on tbe soafiold at Whltelaw to Sir Baall Fbrebraoe, and oame to tbe honse of Denbigh through bl« daughter, ooe ol tbe many heiresses whose poueatloni have passed into the Feilding family. The name Faddox waa bestowed npon tbe place, at Dog dale con jectures, by raaaon of a Utile ;park formerly thero, as 'de like' Whatew may bave tea fonuitly thfliPi the- pHtfiMolb tlmbersd park Is by no- means flttle, pA, , through it you como to tho vIIIsbp „t 8a,Qtf every eide Is evidonoe of tbo oonaid'sJIii 011 tbslsmlly nt tho grant hoasote?? " nnlRhbots. Lord Denbigh Is not onn-i.t00' pbllantbropists nhoso atdot tor good 18 ratos on platforms. Foremost as If. ho, ®p0' bien In overy publlo undottoklng tot tl.» " motion of tho tollgioua nnd seoulnt beiLF.") thoeo wbo ehare his faith, ho bnn 0 raludful of tho dutloa nnd rn.on»|Miir" nttnohlng to hlo position aa nn Eogllah li 5' lptd. And peoplo ot Ml rollgloua bellofa llvo npon his property oan toll ot miinv ? o£ thoughtful klndncaa, ot mony s f:ienHlo« 1 helpful wotd, wbloh lio aud tho gtuolous I"- devolod lady with whom ho la 'yokod In o oxorolao of noble deed, hovo probably lorn? forRotten, hut which will live la -.Tl","! memotua and fruitful rsnulta -f— .uJL '""nl passed Away.- -Tbo World. URva 