THE MYSTERY OF MAJOR MOLINEUX Br MARCUS CLARKE. CHAPTER IY. In another instant- 1 -was at the head1 of ' the stairs, but paused in my, onward flight, for the sounds issued from the room occupied by Beatrice and her mother. Mrs. Rochford was lying on the floor senseless. Ringing the bell furiously, I raised her to her bed, and, with the assistance of the old woman, whom the cries of the un ~ nappy lady, not' less than my im portunate summons, had brought to Ihe spot, I succeeded in restoring her to consciousness.- Her first words were ' Ia.it gone T ' What %' I asked. ' The white face at the window !' said, Mrs. Rochford. ' That im ploring, maddened face !' '?'What can she mean?' I asked Mary. Pennithorne, ®but the old woman, moping and mowing, made no reply. ' 'See,' madam,' I said, flinging wide the lattice, 'the storm, has passed, and with it the cause of your alarm. Some leafy branchlot carried by the wind, perhaps even, .some more wrathful- gust than usual, has, while - rousing you from sleep, given form to a passing dream; Look, the sky is almost cloudless.' And, in truth, the tempest , had, during the time we had been occupying ourselves with the fright- j ened- woman, quite passed away. The. scene - was one of exquisite peacefjilnessvThe clouds had almost withdrawn, and the wet trees Bparkled in the;beams of a glorious \- moon, which- rode high in a- serene heaven. - All felt the influence of the :i8cene. ..-Beatrice,,; sunk in her stupor, alone was ignorant alike of Hounds and sights ; but her mother composed.- herself, with a, smile at her former fears, and, as I sought'my oomfortable couch, I felt that science and sentiment alike bid me laugh at -the. ungrateful fancies which an ' atmosphere surcharged with elec tricity could breed in. a brain nsually so cool as mine. The excitement of the day caused me. to sleep longer, than my wont, and it was nearly eight o'clock when I awoke. I discovered by the hot, water jug, with its carefully . placed towel, that the rude valetage of Bagally had already been exer cised in my chamber, and, before I had completed my- toilette, the old servant introduced himself with the compliments of his master, and in formation that breakfast would be ; ready for ub in half-an-hour. r^.;. Captain Rochford thad already arrived, and with him I visited the siok room. .Beatrice was still in sensible, but Mrs. Rochford was up and dressed. Rochford laughed *t her story of the ghost, and, gathering courage from my asBur . Mice that the patient was progress ing favourably, we went down to breakfast in something like good spirits. * . Major Moliheux.received us with more -than courtesy. He lamented the accident, but trusted that the skill of a surgeon so well known as myself, and the careful attention of a mother so devoted as Mrs. Roch ford, would soon restore his fair guest to her wonted health. . ' I'm- afraid/' he said, as he as , sisted us to the dish before, him, 'that my poor house is. but a' gloomy place for a convalescent, and I truBt that Miss Rochford's convalescence may be early. Such as are the resources of the place* however — command them. I re gret that I was unable to render you any personal assistance yester day, but I must compensate for my enforced' neglect- by. devoting toy self to all your services during the next few days.' The language was of the politest, but there was no mistaking its meaning. Rochford and I looked at each other. It was quite evident that Major Molineux did not desire that we should pass another Thurs day under -his roof. ' I trust that Miss Rochford may be able to travel to her own home before this day week,' said I, some what pointedly. 'In the mean time, let me thank you for the courtesy with, which we were re ceived, and especially for the hospi tality of last night.' The hand with which the Major was lifting the tea-cup to his lips trembled slightly, but he said, merely, 'It was a wild night — a night of storms. I trust you were not. disturbed.' ' I was most terribly disturbed,' said Mrs. Rochford — I think I have said that she was not a woman of much force of character, or quick ness of apprehension — ' I had the most shocking dreams. A white face at the window — ' ' Nonsense, Mary,' interrupted Rochford ; ' you were nervous.' ' There is no one in the house butmyselfandthe two servants,' said the Major, who had completely re gained his composure, ' and lam sure neither of them would have the temerity to disturb your slum bers. Pray,' he, added, turning in stiff condescension to old Bagally, 'have you been amusing yourself by terrifying my guests ?' The old man seemed dumb cf ri r»W-n T-T a f ri ml f n snf-n.k. but words failed him. Lifting up his hands with a gesture of terror, he made for the door, and,'iturniiig as he went, displayed again that wolf like savagery of aspect, the which I had observed on the previous night. 'A curious fellow,' said Major Molineux,' cracking the shell of his egg, ' but faithful. An old convict, of course; I have touched some tender chord, perhaps.' Perhaps he had, for Dame Pen nithorne waited hpon us during the rest of the meal, and even brought the Major his oigar-case when we found ourselves in the dilapidated but spacious verandah, prepared to seek the solace which, in those days, was supposedtolie in Manilla tobacco. ^ The conversation, of course, was of the accident and its results. The prospects of the patient's recovery the punishment to be meted out to the self-indulgent bullock- driver, the , qu ality of Sultan's temper, and [the equestrian skill of Miss Roch ford, were all debated in turn. A learned discussion was held upon fracture of the skull, and I was compelled to illustrate as best I might the operation of the trephine. At last exhausted with surgery, and convinced that he was thoroughly competent to treat a similar case should he ever meet with one, Rochford betook himself to visit the scene of the accident, and left me alone with our host. Major Molineux seemed uneasy. He got up and paced the broken tiles of the piazza floor, talked of twenty things in a breath, and flung away his half-consumed cigar, only to light another an instant after. ' You are restless this morning,' I said, willing to gain, if I could, some information' concerning the mysterious seclusion of yesterday. 'Did you not sleep well ?' ' Oh, yes,' returned the Major, indifferently, ' I slept well enough,' and then he fixed his eyes on the wall behind me with that strange stare of which I- have already spoken,, and -wiped from his brow some large beads of sweat which had suddenly appeared there. 'I seldom, sleep very soundly.' ' Indigestion, I suspect,' I con tinued, in a careless tone. ' A man who eats enough for two people at nl-innt. -midnictV-+. n.nn sp.arf.filv wonder if he suffers from nightmare.' With a visible effort my inter locutor withdrewliis gaze from space, and looked me in the eyes. ' Then you saw Bagally with the tray,' said he. 'I am ashamed of my voracious appetite,' he added, with an attempt at a smile, ' and try to laugh myself ' out of my gluttony by demonstrating to my actual vision that I do, in fact, partake of a double portion of food.' ? ' Your notionvis ingenious, but I fear that you will never effect ? a cure by its means. Let me feel your pulse.' He gave me his wrist. The hand was hot and dry, the pulse full and bounding. ' I will write you a little prescription which may do you good. Give me a sheet of paper,' and I led the way to the library. 'There,', said I,. folding the sheet; ' though' I saw Wood ville and Sowerby on your shelve . I doubt if you are fully acquainte svith the virtues of the lily tribe.' 'You have been among my books, then,' said the Major, looking round. ' I have, and am surprised to find so excellent a collection of works in — pardon me for saying it — so unexpected a place.' 'Books are my only com panions,' said Major Molineux, and, as he spoke, he scanned the table a little nervously, as though to see which of the volumes had attracted my attention. Determined to penetrate the secret which I was now convinced existed, I pressed my advantage. 'I see that you study the higher mathe matics. This calculation on the variation of parameters is not made by a school-boy, while here' — and I ?lifted from the table a sheet of paper — 'is something headed, 'Pro bability that ' an event observed seve ral times in succession depends upon a\ cause, which facilitates its repro duction,' in which the calculation is made by finding the equation of the logarithmic curve.' Major Molineux changed colour, and took the paper from my hands-. ' I did not know that I had left the records of my folly thus carelessly exposed,' said he. ' The fact is that I have always been, a lover of anything which approaches an exact science, and the calculation of probabilities is a fascinating' sub ject. I am foolishly fond of it,' and, as he spoke, he tore the paper into pieces and flung them into the basket at his feet. I ' Some men say that mathema tiAmnn nrp. mad' T snirl ' Tf f.Vna lie so, you have the antidote as well as the bane, for seldom have I seen, even in the libraries of my professional brethren, so .fine a collection of works on Mental Dis ease as that which I examined last night.' I had gone too far for his patience. 'Doctor Fayre,' said he, ' you are my guest, and my house is at your disposal so long as the illness of my old friend's daughter compels you to remain in it ; but let me re mind you that, an old man who lives by choice a recluse may have sought such seclusion, in order that he might be spared these very com ments upon his private tastes which you have just been pleased1 to make,' and, bowing stiffly, he left ;the room. j CHAPTER V.. He did not appear that day, nor at breakfast the next morning. I felt that I deserved the reproach which his . absence conveyed, and was angry with myself for having so far permitted my curiosity to outrun my discretion. But the more l reflected upon the circum stances of the case, the more con vinced did I become that Castle I Stuart held within its walls, some, mystery of mind or body upon the : like of which it was not given to man to frequently look-; and, despite the Major's rebuff and my own .self-consciousness, I resolved not ;to abandon my. quest. In pur suance of this resolution- 1 saun ?tered out into the garden the next .afternoon, thinking to fall in with 'the old servant. I was not dis appointed. I found him standing in a little glade, or opening in the brushwood, staring* with all his might at the upper windows of the house. ' What interests you ?' I cried, taking a guinea from my pocket. ' Can you not spare time for a little friendly chat ?'? He looked nervously about him, pocketed the gold piece, and, point ing to a coarse patch of verdure at his feet, whispered : ' It was here he did it.' ' Did what ?' I asked. ' Cut his throat,', said the old man, ' and they buried him here, with a stake through his heart. But that can't hold him.' 'What do you mean, man?' I asked, exneriencing a fresh access of horror at this hideous and un expected story. 'Who is buried here ?' ' Savary,the forger ; him as found his wife gone as well, as his liberty. This was where he saw them walk ing. The Capttfin was a handsome man, and Mrs. Savary had been a beauty, they say. She died mad for all that,' and he laughed the discordant laugh of one whose ex perience of life has been- of the sort to make him rejoice in others' woe., ' What was the Ca,ptain's name ?' 'Tremaine. He was the Major's brother-in-law. ffe's dead too, and Savary will soon see them all out.' ' Does his ghost walk, then ?' I asked, attempting a laugh ; but the day was cloudy, and a cold wind seemed on a sudden to chill me. ' Ask Mrs. Rochford. She saw him last , night. Listen. Two years ago I waa sitting -up with the' old hag in the kitchen, when I heard the door-bell. It was blow ing a storm like it was last night, and the wind went shrieking round the house as if it wanted to get in and tear us. It was the Major's Thursday, and I daren't go near him for my soul. I crept to the door, thinking some traveller had got out of his track, for no one who knew us would come to Castle Stuart ; but before I could open it there was an awful screech, and something went whirling round the house like a pack of dogs. I heard them bellowing and grunting in the back, and ran upstairs to look. I looked out of that window' — -he pointed to the room where Mrs. Rochford had slept the night before — ' and I saw something like a herd of huge swine on Savary's grave, rooting, and snarling, and slavering in it, and then I slammed to the window, for some awful thing with a white face was there trying to save itself from those hellish' beasts. The noise continued for five or six minutes, and then the sky cleared like it did last night, and I saw no more.' 'You have a cheerful imagina tion, my friend,' said I; 'but, pray, do you couple this delectable story with your master's day of seclusion ?' Once more the ugly look came into his face. ' Nay, I knew nothing of that; and it's no busi ness of yours either, though you are a doctor. Doctors cannot cure Major Molineux's complaint.' ' Then you think that he„is ill ?' ' Not I ; he's well enough.' ' Look ye, Bagally,' I said, de tuimmeu. lu uiy u. jluou uuiujuo, 'you are too sensible a man to believe this nonsense about ghosts, and suicides, and hunted souls. I am a doctor ; I shall be here some days. I may be able to do your master good. Tell me' — and I exhibited another guinea — 'what is the mystery -in- connection with Major Molineux ?' ' He is possessed by a devil,' said Bagally; and then, as if he had said too much, made for the house with grotesque, uneven strides, and left me standing in the coarse grass that sprang from the dishonoured grave where the sui cide lay with a stake through hi? heart. (To be continued.) 