WINNING SOULS. .1 THE ALL-DAY CONFERENCE. [Concluded) THE JOY OF WINNING BOULB. This topic was opened by Dr.Moxey. He said:— We have been hearing of the obligation to win souls, and surely the main reason why a soul won to Christ is kept in life is that it may be a winner of other souls. Now, one great joy consists in finding this obligation {which at first perhaps we may obey as a duty) become a valued privilege, and then a real joy. We have also been hearing of the hindrances to soul-winning. And here, many of us doubtless can recall times when they seemed insuperable. But when we honestly asked our God to remove the stumbling-blocks, and expected their removal, then we can also recall seasons of much joy in finding that He answered our prayer. Then as to qualifications, of which we have yet to hear, there is a wondrous joy in finding ourselves progressing in knowledge and in grace as we engage faithfully in God's work. The essential qualifications for successful soul- winning are of themselves joy-bringers. They are (1) consecration, (2) faith, (3) study of the Word. These three may, however, be fulfilled and yet lead to a comparatively useless life, because a selfish one. I have known earnest Christians whose mission seemed to be to go from one holiness convention to another, but who had no heart for evangelistic work. I am persuaded that if we want joy here, and our Master's "Well done I" there, we must make soul-winning the special aim and <objcct of those qualifications. Were I asked to give a recipe for an even, happy Christian life, I would say, " Work for Jesus by winning souls, and make soul-winners your companions." I never met a man or woman whom God was using in winning souls, an unhappy Christian; but I have met many unhappy Christians who were not workers for souls. Do you say," We can't all be soul-winners ?" " Then I reply, " as God insists on it that we all should be so, you throw the blame of yonr assumed inability on Him." Oh, friend, every redeemed soul is one in an almighty firm of soul-winners, the senior partner of which is the Infinite and Eternal God! But the joy of joys in soul-winning is the joy it gives to Jesus. Only to think that each fresh soul that is bom anew is another drop in the cup of the Redeemer's joy I Oh, loving Master, how kind of Thee to grant to me a privilege the archangel might envy me of I Give me, my Saviour, grace to appreciate it, zeal to pursue it, and humility to endure it. The last joy I would mention is the joy of the promised reward. Although, doubtless, the love of Christ constraining us is the grand incentive to this blessed work, yet God forbid that any of us should seem to undervalue the reward God promises to him who winneth souls. But it^may be asked, Who gains this reward ? I love not to hear a Christian worker talk too much about his " spiritual children." I fear such a one is apt to think there is only one reward for each soul he is privileged to point to Christ, and that he i3 to be the happy recipient. The Lord has lots of stars and crowns, and conld give a thousand for every blood-bought soul, and yet be as rich as before. That boy you spoke to last night had a father praying at home for him, a companion who brought him to the meeting, a Christian woman who sat next to him and induced him to remain for conversation, and a young convert who noticed him sitting and got you to speak to him. Then the words of one of the Gospel songs convicted him of sin, the words of the preacher convinced him that there was no salvation outside of Christ, his minister was present and was praying for his flock, his^ Sabbath-school teacher was there silently interceding* for his class, a hundred Christians were lifting their souls to God, crying for the Spirit's converting power to be manifested. Are you to be the only one of all these who is to get a star ? and is that dead mother who dedicated her boy to the Lord to lose her reward ? or that old grandmother who has been praying for him ever since he was born ? Nay, verily I let us, as Christian workers, be humble while we rejoice, and be deeply grateful that we have been honored to be one of the many links in that marvellous chain by which the Father draws the soul to Christ. The Rev. W. Park (Presbyterian), speaking on the same topic, called attention to three passages of Scripture. 1\. 1 John L 4: Knowing about Jesus. Herein is the root of the joy. 2. John iii. 29: •« My joy." Decrease of self; increase of Christ. 3. 1 Thess. ii. 19: Joy in being used in bringing souls to Jesus. The first is like the sap to the tree; it is the life of the Christian worker. The second is like the foliage. The third is the successful fruitage. A major, with his wife and ten children, sailed for South America many years ago in the ship Arrow. The vessel was wrecked; but he was congratulating himself in being able to get his wife, himself, and children into a boat alongside. He had lowered four children into the boat, when a sudden lurch of the vessel him headlong iuto the boat among them, leaving his wife and the other six children in the ill-fated ship, from which the boat soon drifted out of sight. Not long after it was picked up by a passing ship. He shrieked out, even before be got within speaking distance, to find if his rescuers knew aught of the lost ones. Hardly content with their negative, he rushed on deck to satisfy himself. A few days after another ship was descried, and a signal told of survivors of the wreck being on board. The two vessels came close alongside, but ere communication was complete, the yearning husband and father had gained the deck; and what was his joy to find his wife and 6ix children saved and unhurt! That is the kind of zeal we want in seeking the lost; that, the kind of joy in finding them saved. QUALIFICATIONS FOB SOUL-WINNING. This subject was opened by the Rev. Dr. Knox (Presbyterian). He said the qualifications required were:—1. Your own faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. What right have you or I to speak about Jesus till we know Him ? David said, " I believed, therefore have I spoken." So with the Apostles in Acts iv. The first thing to be settled by the worker, whatever he be, is, " Am I in a right relation to the Lord Jesus Christ ?" Why are so many of our church members so slow to speak ? In nine cases out of ten they know they have no right to do so. They have not yet settled the question of their own salvation, and hence there is no freedom. 2\. The presence and power of the Holy Spirit in your own heart. Read the first ten chapters of Acts, and you will find men mown down like grass by unlearned men of no social influence or standing. Why ? The preacher was filled with the Holy Spirit. Ask the Father in the name of the Lord Jesus, and you will get this power. 3. The knowledge of the subtlety of the devil. He resists us at every step the moment we take sides with JeBus. But we are not ignorant of his devices. 4- Be familiar with the Word, so as to bring forward the pure light of the Gospel. 6. Have sympathy with the mind of Christ. Convey to the inquirer that you.love his soul. This will give you a wonderful power. 6. Have faith that expects a blessing. Believe through and through His words, «'Lo, I am with you alway,"—that is, when you are presenting Hi9. truth in His spirit. Oh! for an expectant faith in every worker for the Master. The Rev. Mr. Paton: " He that winneth souls is wise." Do not let anyone here, then, omit to ask God to use him or her in doing so. 1. We want the baptism of the Holy Ghost and of fire. Mr. Williamson spoke of a white-heat. We want it; but we want more than the heat—we want fire. It is easy, however, to talk ; are we .willing to be filled with the Spirit of God ? Are you willing to give up that selfishness, that laziness, self-seeking, that vanity, that worldliness? 2. A second qualification is knowing the worth of one soul. Theoretically, we all accept the statement that it is of more value than the whole world, Practically, we do not believe it. Were I offered a million .sterling to walk barefoot to Cork, I expect I would start ofi at once to do it. Would I or anyone here do it to win one BOUI? Apply this test to yourselyes, brother and sister. ; A minister yearning " to be better " seeped to hear these words whispered to him—" My jStrength is as free as my blood." Let us realize this glorious fact, and then put ourselves behind it. Whe* Mr. Moody came to this town, I was talking to. a young man one day on fhe top of a street car, as to the explanation of his success. Said the young man, " Mr. Moody really believes Christ likeB to save bad people; other people don't—that's his success." Friends, wlat are you doing for Christ ? Are you praying for anybody. I knew a man who commenced praying for three people. Two were saved; the third was an infidel, and he had prayed nine years for him. I, for one,, believe that nine years' prayers do not go for nothing. Do you ask people to come to the preaching ? A neighbor asked the keeper of a public-house in Dromaya, where my church is, to come and hear Mr. Williainson give an address. Nobody else thought of asking!him; but he went, and found Christ. What is more, he gave up his business, and there has not been a drijiking-shop in Dromara since. It is not opportunities,^ but grace to take advantage of them, that we need. May God make as more willing and obedient! Rev. Mr. Riddell (Episcopal): I would tabulate these qualifications thus:—1. A desire to win souls. This implies a belief in souls being lost, a love for souls, and a love for Him who died to save them. Christ's question to Peter, before He tommissioned him to win souls, was, "Lovest tbouime?" 2. A thorough knowledge of the methods and forces in the winning of souls—the operator being the Holy Spirit, and the instrument the Word. 3, Reliance on those methods and those forces. Thus Wil the Christian worker be saved from timidity and doubt on the one band, and vainglory and self-confidence on the other; and thus also will be driven to pray, and pray, and pray. Major Whittle followed on, and closed the meeting with an address that was, as Dr. Knox observed in The IFitaess, really overpowering. He said:—Brethren, we want a band like the Pentecost band. We have everything we require in the churches in the way of machinery, learned professors, eloquent ministers. The church courts are well administered, the churches are well kept up, everything Is done decently and in order. But more is needed. And now what do we need ? We need men and women baptised with the Spirit of God. What is the Church here for ? If you would be a Christian worker, win souls, and live the life God means you to live, you must know that you are bora again. Ton have to get past John iii. 30, " He that believeth on the Son hath eternal life," and then you will have the desire to win souls. I have just had this earnest request for prayer handed to me. It is from a young girl, converted" at these meetings, yearning for the soul of her mother. She longs for her mother to get what she knows she has. Are you living aright? How are you conducting your business ? Could you let the Lord Jesus audit your accounts and adjudicate on all your dealings? How is your home-life? How can you expect your prayers to be answered if you are not consecrated to God? Brethren, we are not winning many souls among business men in Belfast. This is an incontestable fact. What is the reason ? Because those business men who profess to be Christians have not a clean record; their business transactions will not bear the light. Thus is our loving Master wounded in the house of His professed friends! Are they friends at all? Christian sisters, let me speak to you with all gentleness, yet faithfully. Oh! get rid of the wretched trammels of the fashion and follies, the society and amusements, of the God-hating, Christ-dishonouring women of the world. Is there to be no distinction between you and them? Are your Lord's enemies to be your friends ? Is their homage to the god of this world to be imitated by you ? Then get rid of the enslaving man-fearing spirit. Get through about thinking of your reputation. Be instant in season, out of season; always ready, like soldiers on guard, or firemen at their post. And to this end be always in communion with your Heavenly Father. A man once came to my office in Chicago, when I was in business, to inquire the price of some brass. He kept talking in an. aimless kind of way, and nothing came of it. I met his wife a few days after. "Did my husband call on you?" she asked. "Yes." " What did you say to him ? " " Well, we got talking about some brass." " Brass! " cried the woman, " why, that was only an excuse 1 he's anxiouB* about his soul, and hoped you would speak to him." I felt deeply rebuked, and I made up my mind that I would never let another such case go away without a word about his soul, whether he introduced brass ot anything else. A man was once dying, and sent for a minister to pray with him. "I sent for you," said the man, " because you were the means of my conversion. Many years ago, when you were quite a young man, I met you on the street and asked my way. I was in a hurry, and fearful of losing a moment's time by following a wrong direction. You showed me the way, and then said, 'If you are as anxious to find the way to heaven, friend, you won't miss it.' These words never left me till I found the way." That minister had been filled with the Spirit, consecrated to God, and so these simple words went home. Let us as workers ever pray for a deep conviction of sin, and that we may see it in our own heart. Oh! the conceit. Oh! the vanity. Oh! the pride—the miserable ensy and self-consciousness of us all. To a man who was praising him, another 6aid, " Don't you be putting sparks of hell into my inflammable heart!" Brethren, whatever folly you may be guilty of, oh! never flatter a maa whom God is using in His work. Let us also exalt the Blood. What is it that gives the light—at what point does it stream into the anxious soul? When he sees the Blood. "I see it!" he exclaimB; " Christ bore the'penalty of my Bin." Lastly, use the Word. Make inquirers read it themselves. When I am dealing with an anxious soul, I turn the book towards him. Remember, a seeking soul does not wan hear you speak; he wants to hear God. 