A GRAPE FROM A THORN.' BY JAMES PAYN. Author op "Lost Sin Massinoderd." Chatter XLI.— A Party- op Four. To Ella the rcticenco of Aunt Esther with respect to Mr. Ilcyton's character was almost ob significant as her revelations ; it was a subject she evidently avoided as being a vory distasteful one, and yet whon pressed Bbe spoke her mind upon it. She had left him at first to make his own way with her niece, and so long as ho had failod in it would liavo boen well content to keep silence ; but no sooner had he gamed her ear and appeared to bo gaining her good opinion than Aunt Esther had stepped in with her noto of warning. Ella did not dispute her relative's wisdom in this, and far less her good intentions ; but upon tho whole, social life at the castlo, with her only two companions at daggers drawn, did not promise to be very cheerful, and she almost regretted having volunteered to corao out of her rotiroment boforo thcro was neod for it. She looked forward to this daily dinner party of three, with thoir services of Bilver gilt, with anything but pleasure, and would have preferred a dinner of herbs on wooden platters with a little friendly feeling. Her apprehonsions on this score, as happens to us in so many cuses (whioh is meant no doubt to be sot on tho per contra side of our many disappointments), proved to be groundless ; for on the very next day, when she was abont to prepare for dinner, Miss Birt burst in upon her in a state of breathless excitement with tho news that they would not be three that day at dinner, sinco his Highness himself would join the party. " Such a thing, my dear, has notoccurrcd," she panted, " sinco I have been at the castle." " I am glad to hear he is coming," said Ella. " Now I am so glad to hear you're glad," con tinued the old lady. "I was so afraid that it might make yen nervous. There is really, how ever, nothing to bo afraid of ; ' you have only to be liko yourself,' as ha says, ' and you're sure to please.' " " Who says ?" inquired Ella, laying down her pencil (which was now almost always in her fingers when she was not deep in porspoetivo), and staring at her aunt in unfeigned Burprise. " Oh, well, perhaps I shouldn't have mentioned it ; but his Highness was talking about you and your singing, and so on, and praising tho natural ness of it." " It certainly is not artificial," said Ella, smil ing. " for I have had too little teaching ; ho must bo very easily pleased." " By some people, porliaps, my dear, but not generally ; even Mr. Hcyton, though he certainly does his very best, docs not always succeed in that." "I Should liko to sco him at it," said Ella, smiling. " At what, my dear ?" "Trying to ploaso his Highness. Mr. Heylon on his best behavior must bo an interesting spec tacle." "Ho does not interest mo," said Aunt Esther, drily. " No ; that is because yon are used to him. Boar papa used to say that everybody was inte resting for five minutes. I am not so clever, and theroforo I don't find out people so quickly." " It will take you a very long timo to find out Mr. Hoyton, my dear," said Aunt Esther, gravely. ' "Then tho pleasure will last me all the longer," returned Ella, smiling. " What a strange girl you are," said the old lady, musing- "But I am delighted to see you sochocrful." " Yes ; with my father but a week dead," said Ella, bitterly, "I must seem a strango girl in deed to most people — ono without a heart lor ono thing. Thero, don't mind me, Aunt Esther ; I know what you would say. It is bettor thua than to lot nature take her way ; besides, poor folks, as you yourself admittod, cannot indulgo in tho luxury of grief." " You have forgotten the best reason of all, Ella ; wo agreed, you know, that to show a brave face to tho world would he the best way to ploaso thoso who have left you alono in it." "Thank you, dear Aunt Esther, you are as wise as you are kind. It is indeed well to rcmomber what yon lmvo just said. Oply, whon you see mo talking and laughing you will rocol- lect that for all that I liavo not forgotten " "Ella, Ella, pray do not give way cried Aunt Esthor, earnestly. " I don't call you ' my dar ling' for foar it should mako you worse, but I feel for you. Oh yes, for I know what it is." " Life is very very bard," sobbed the girl. " Yes, at times it soemB too hard. Yet it is not only in heaven that Qod wipes away our tears." " It was only for a moment, Aunt Esther ; I am hotter now. Has the first gong gone ?" " Yes, deary. Lot mo put some ettu tie Cologne upon your sponge. Thero, now nobody will know —at least nobody of any consoquencc." " That is a vory modest speech," said Ella, with a gratoful smile. AlUW1r<aorvoS<r>Cial arianKemoatawith tho author. " Oh, I did not moan myself, my dear ; though it is quite true I am a person of no consequence. I meant that you would not doeeivo Mr. Hoyton. Ho has tho eyes of a lynx. Now, I wouldn't have his Highness know that you had been crying for a good deal." " Why not !" " Woil, because it would make him so sorry ; it is his particular wish that yon should bo happy at Barton." 1 "That is vory kind of him," said Ella ; but she could not help thinking that his good wishes were not of the same sort sho had been used to at Wellington. Perhaps it was bitterness of spirit that made her rofusc to believe in tho good feelings of groat folks of all kinds, but it seemed to her that she was wanted to be happy for an other's sake, and not her own : that sho might mako herself more agreeable tohim,orbc in better voice for singing. Dependence was new to her, but in time no doubt, she reflected, "I shall come to understand things, and to seo that sorrow or illness are out of place in one of my position, and put people of real consequence to inconvenience." Or, on tho other hand, would she ncvor learn this distasteful lesson, but yearn all her life for sympathy and friendship upon equal terms? There aro two ways by which the human charac ter may be moulded : ono by the gradual means of time and use, and another by a sudden plunge into the furnace of adversity. In this latter, however, there is some danger (of heart-break) in tho cooling process. The dinner-tablo at Barton, always ample for its guests, had an addition that evening of a pecu liar character. At one end there was a piece of elevated table-land, laid for a singlo porson, which placed tho othors, as it wero, below the 3alt. Hero his Highness took his seat with a sort of curved bow to tho rest of the company, as though ho was just making their acquaint ance, though, as a matter of fact, ho had seen two-thirds of them a dozen times in the day. Ella, as it happened, ho had not seen, and ho at once addressed to her an inquiry after her health. He spoke in a low voice, as though the matter were a secret between them, so that her reply, which was somewhat in her usual tone, had almost the air of a breach of confidence. Whether from that imitation which is said to be tho sinccrcst form of flattory, or from a notion of reverence, it was tho fashion at Barton to Bpeak in hushed tones in his Higkness's presence, which gave to tho remarks indulged in a certain import ance that they wonld otherwise, perhaps, have sometimes lacked. Shut out as they were from tho external world, the tenants of the castle had, as a rule, no everyday topics to discourso upon, while philosophy and literature were not en couraged. It was this absence of genoral conver sation perhaps which gavo Ella the opportunity of noting certain little facts which otherwise might have escaped her observation. Ono was that their host was helped first, liko a Prince of tho Blood, and her aunt and herself afterwards ; another was that though he paid her but little colloquial attention, his eyes wero as difficult to avoid as Mr. Heyton's had been on the .pre vions day. Their glanco was not so intelli gent as the Secretary's, but it was gontlo and kindly, and tho eyes were vory fine eyes. On re marking subsequently on this to Aunt Esther that lady replied, "My dear, you may well say that; such eyes were never seen in man or bird but the eagle and Prince Charlie." An observation so un characteristic of tho speaker that Ella at once set it down as his Highncss's own, though it was so only by adoption ; the historical or natural- historical parallel having originally bcensuggested to him by Mr. Heyton. If his Highncss's eyes took those eagle flights in her direction, the Secretary kept his lynx eyes upon his Highness. Not a look, not a word, not a movoment of his auguBt master escaped him. And when tho solemn silence became too oppres sive even for his master's mood, Mr. Heyton's musical voice was lifted up as though a fountain (of oil) had boon suddenly set flowing. "There has beona curious discovery, sir, at Wallington to-day, where some workmen have been excavating." His Highness lifted his brows perhaps n hair's- breadtb. If tho Secretary had said "Tho weather is fine at Wallington," he could not have evinced a more profound indifference. " It was at the Ultramarine, where Miss Josce- line has been staying." " Indeed !" observed his Highness, in a tone that seemed to Bay, " Why did you not say that at first, blockhead?" " Yes ; in a part of the building which I believe is called tho Prior's Houso, is it not ?" And the Secretary appealed to Ella with so swift a side glance that his eyes hardly left bis patron's face. "Indeed, I havo reason to know it," she re plied ; " it was there a dear little child in whom I was interested had a serious illness." " Miss Joseelino has emitted to add, sir, that sho nursed him through it," observed tho Secre tary. "Ho must havo been a happy boy," observed his Highness. " Oh, woman — what aro the lines, Hoyton ?" Tho speaker in his turn, though ad dressing tho Secretary, kopt his eyes fixed on his fair neighbor. Mr. Hcyton supplied tho linos as in duty bound ; he was not only, as his master admitted, his right hand, hut also his library of reference. " Well, sir, under the Prior's house has boon discovered a skoloton with a long Spanish cloak, which, however, moulded away on boing oxposed to tbo air." " A Spanish cloak !" ejaculated Ella with excitement ; " that is most curious. Tho poor child was terrified by somo apparition of that nature ; and indeed I saw it, or thought I saw it, myself." " Happy apparition 1" ejaculated his Highness. " That is to say," ho added with gravity, " if tho vision was recinrocal. Bo you really mean that you saw o-ghost, Miss Joseelino ?" "Indeed, sir, I thought I saw something," said Ella, with difficulty restraining her emotion, though she felt it so ill-timed. " Bat of course one doss not boliovc in ghosts." "Well, I would not say that," roturnod His Highness, "only at the Ultramarino ono would scarcely havo supposed anyono of sufficient im portance, though to bo sure thero havo been Priors of noble lincago. You sco it is only the oldest families.who have ghosts." The poaitivoncss and gravity with which ho onuneiated this amazing theory would under any other circuinstancos have tickled Ella's sonso of humor ; but as it was, she only bowed her head, which, though she did not know it, was tho wisest thing sho could havo done. Respectful submis sion was a thing his Highness greatly preferred to nrgumont, or even conviction. " It has always struck mo as remarkable," pursued the secretary, with a solemnity that would have excited suspicion in any breast save that of his patron, " that in the House of Stuart there is no well-authcntioatcd record of a spiritual visita tion. One would havo thought that, with such a history, and distinguished by such melancholy events— Mary Queen of Scots and Charles I., for oxamplc— (for an instant his eyes met Eila's with such an expression of drollery that if he had added " both with thoir heads under their arms," it would only have seemed what might havo been expected) — there would have been gliosis." His Highness shook his head as it in doubt upon this point. Upon the whole he seemed to feel it might be n distinction in the case of the very highest family not to he haunted. "It is curious," continued tho Secrofary, " and adds a great weight of testimony to the in cident, that Miss Joseclino's little companion should have seen tho figure in question. Children always have a greater insight into the spiritual world than grown people. " " Or rather," put in Miss Birt, irritatod as usual by tho Secretary's veiled ridicule of thoir common patron, and especially at the annoyance, or ovon alarm, which the topic was evidently causing her niece, "should we not simply say that children are inoro easily frightened than grown persons." "That scarcely goes to tho root of the matter, madam," returned tho Secretary; "or, indeed, if it means anything, would suggest that thcro were no snch things as ghosts at all, which is contrary to the views his Highness has been so good as to express to us. I havo myself known an instauco of a child, not indeed a ghost-seer, but who was the undoubted instru ment of spiritual agency." His glance, like a casting- net, took in both Ella and his patron as it inquired whether ho should proceed. His Highness nodded, carelessly enough ; but Ella, interested because of Davey's strango experience and ooger for light upon it, murmured, "Pray toll us." " A lady of my acquaintance had three chil dren, tho youngest of whom was a girl of six. She was of a melancholy, thoagh by no means of a morose disposition, and vory thoughtful for her years. Her air and manner also were what we call in a child ' old-fashioned,' but other wise there was nothing to distinguish her from othor children. Ono morn ing, while sitting by her mother's side with her doll in her arms, sho suddenly observed, 1 Mamma, I should like to put my doll in mourn ing.' " ' That is a strango idea, Kitty, but I will ask Janotogetyou somo black calico at tho shop.' And she did so. Kitty was her mother's favorite child, either because she was the youngest and most delicate, or because her reticenoe and quiet ways did not recommend her to other people, who preferred her sisters Georgia and Nellie. She generally got -what she asked for. A few days after this poor Goorgio got a sore throat, which turned out to be diptheria, and was dead in a few days. Her parents wero inconsolable, and their loss made thorn doubly anxious for thoso thatromained to them, especially Kitty, who showed premonitory symptoms of consumption, and for whose Bake the family removed to tho seaside, where, howovcr, she gathered littlo strength. Six months afterwards she remarked in her quiet way that Dolly's dress was getting sadly the worse for wear, and that sho must have a new suit of mourning. '"Mourning? Why mourning, my dear,' re plied her mothor. ' How is it you are so fond of dressing it in black ?' " ' Oh, it must bo black,' said Kitty ; ' mine is not a gay doll, and dislikes going into society.' " On tho first day that Dolly hod hor now dress tried on a dreadful accident happened. Nellio, running too near tho edge of the cliff, fell over it, and was picked up mortally hurt. She never spoke again, and died in a few hours. Then all tho affection of her parents centred in Kitty. For a time she seemed to mend a little, as if respon sive to their tender care ; but after a few months sho grew worse than ever. As her mother hung over her littlo bed ono morning, sho perceived that her doll, from which she soldorn parted, and nevorwhon shoslopt, was dressed in a now suit of black. The recolloctian of the child's lost two requests, followed by such sad fatalities, recurred to her with painful force, and Kitty seemed to read it in her eyes. " 1 1 am vory sorry, mamma," sho whispered, ' but I was obliged to do it. I was afraid that you wouldn't lot Dolly have her new mourning, so I got Jane to buy it for her.' "The noxt morning Kitty was found lying dead with hor dumb favorite clasped in her arms." "I really think, Mr. Heyton, that you need not toll us such distressing stories," observed Miss Birt, with irritation. "You havo quite fright ened Miss Josccline." "No, indcod,"8aid Ella. "It was very foolish of ma if I looked frightened." "I am sure Miss Josccline is mnch too sen sible," observed his Highness confidently, " to be frightoned about a rag doU." "Just so — an Aunt Sally ; if I may bo cxcusod tho vulgarism," put in tho Secretary. " Aunt who ?" inquired his Highness sharply It had suddonly struck him (forgetting that Mr. Heyton know, or should know, nothing abaut it) that the Secretary was making some contemptuous reference to the relationship betweon Ella and Miss Birt. " Aunt Sally is tho amuscmont of tho lower classes on tho racecourse, sir," oxplaincd the Secretary. " Then the lower classes ought to bo nshamcd of' themselves," was the unexpected rejoindor. " Hor sex and ago should bo a protection to her. In tho sonso that ovary soldier, ys said to bo a gentleman, ovcry woman is a lady, and should bo treated as such." And with another sweeping inclination of his head to tho company his High ness Toso, whereat tho company stood up (just as gentlemen rise whon ladies leave the room), and remained standing till the door of Iub private apartments had closed behind him. Chapter XLII. — Tiie Commission. It was curious, considering what we know of our heroine, to'find horthechampion of a pcrsonago like Mr. Heyton, but so vehement was Miss Birt against the Secretary when the two ladies wero alone together that evening, that Ella felt com pelled to say a word or two in his favor, which unfortunately only added fuel to flame. " It was my duty, my dear," said MiBS Birt, "to havo told you from the first that Mr. Hoyton was a very dangorouB man, and 1 neglected it." "But indcod, Aunt Esther," smiled Ella, "you havo made up for that omission since." " Well, I only hope that it iB not too late, my dear— that's all." And the good lady Bighed and shook her head, liko a medical man called into a rival's case. " Too late ! what do you mean, Aunt Esther ? Mr. Hcyton is certainly more interesting than I expected, but that is not saying vory much." " I must say you seemed very much absorbed by his conversation, my dear." To this Ella scarcely knew what to say : tho fact is, she had felt the Socretaiy's conversation to be a considerable rcliof to the dnlness of the dinner party ; his droll story especially had, per force, struck her. The supernatural (if well handled) is attractive to all who aro not philoso phers or very commonplace people ; indeed the narrative in question had excited even Aunt Esther to tho extent of curdling her blood, only her dislike of the raconteur was such that she would not have owned to having experienced a ray of interest in anything ho said for millions. To Ella, however the prevision of the unlucky Kitty seemed to have some association with littlo Davcy. She did not actually accede to Mr. Heyton's theory, that the young were ondowed with spiritual insight ; but what had been found in tho excavations at tho Prior's house, coupled with the child's experience (and indeed with her own ), staggered her not a little. Nay, though she knew such an idea must originate in her own norvouB and abnormal mental condition, she had a sort of apprehension that in Davey's case, as in Kitty's, tho incident might foreshadow his early death. In that case how desolate would the old man be without his child ! Her pity would have been greater, or more complete had not tho thought of him reminded her of her father's mis placed hope. Thence her thoughts wandered once more to forbiddonground — tothofriendsshe would never seo again (and one of them, alas, so dear, so dear), from which she had to recall them as it were with a dead lift. It was injudicious, she bitterly reflected, in Aunt Esther, had she but known, to attempt to stifle in her any interest, no matter in whom or what, which might help to lead her from tho contemplation of tho past. At tho samo timo sho was conscions that it was only love and tenderness which suggested such a course of action. - " My dear Aunt Esther," she said, calling up a smile, " I do assure you Mr. Heyton's conversa tion does not 'absorb' me. But I do not feel . (perhaps as you say, because I do not know him us well as you do) an aversion to him as a fellow- guest. To my mind be shows bottor in company than in a tSle-ii-tctc. I told you I wanted to see him on his best behavior." " And pretty behavior it was," put in Aunt Esthor. " Did yon not see, not once nor twice, but all through his talc, how, even when pretend ing to bo most humble, he strove to mako hiB Highness ridiculous ; how he played npon his weaknesses, and exaggerated them by comment feigned to be sympathetic ; how in every way, in short, ho strove to represent him, in your eyes, in an unfavorable light ?" "There was certainly some satire in his speech occasionally," admitted Ella, " which, considering their mutual positions, was unbecoming. But it must be allowed that his Ilighness's ideas are a temptation to persons given to cynicism." "Thero you seo," cried her companion bitterly, " ho has effected his object. You aro already beginning to regard his Highness through Mr. Heyton's spectacles." " Which aro certainly not rose-colored," added Ella, laughing. No, they are not. I could tell you what color they are if it were worth while." Here sho stopped, trembling and greatly aggitated. " My dear aunt," said Ella gravely, "pray be lieve that nothing Mr. Heyton may say will ever makeme ungrateful to the master of thi3 house." " That is spoken like yourself, dear, and the longer yon lire hero the more reason you will have to speak and think well of him ; that is, I think so—I beliove so," sho added hastily. " Even now But no matter. I do not wish to be his partisan ; you will judgo for yourself." Aunt Esther's doubts wero oven a greater puzzle to Ella than her convictions. That she dislikod the Secretary very heartily was to be ac counted for by his own conduct to her, as well as his feelings towards thoir common patron ; but her "I think so— I believe so," whon speak ing of his Highness, was tho first sign of confi dence sho hud given in that quarter. Sho seemed to pcrccivo tho impression she had thus given, for she continued, with great earnestness, "My dear, you are very young, and I am not tho wisest of advisors ; it is possiblo you may know more of the world than I, who have lived so little in it. Let us say no moro about it, but leavo matters in higher hands." And with that she wished her niece " Good night," and left her to her books as usual. 