'''A Gho3t Siobt. Once upon a time there-lived a maiden in SalAt'AndreWs,'.: a- beautiful JCantuliaii named ; Pemigewasset McKirohenthumbach; theloveli Mt flower that ever grew in " the sunshine and ,showers, chaste as Diana,-true as Penelope; the violets paled in fhebluedf her eyes, ana pearls sold-^MMSMotiduohoice inthepools-when- ahe liiiled | irory whitolVrasjher broad, high brow, - f<* she didn't comb her-bangs down into' her ejjeaiikSthe-foretop of a-Shetland pony,-and: tic semi-occasional fogs of h'er nativelatld kept down tho ijrbcltles.atia tlio'tan.) She wore good i^^-and, moved, in the highest circles j she ibroidered Eerowtv. number ; one: and fa-half ccasins, and was the-belle of the singiog [ooh Her father owned more acres of sprace 1 pine hmdstKanhe- couldcountinamonth; ^fcot^ jt^ont'eiiungh Bhip's ,hneet in. a day tobuifdaumf^Sl^sha^wdl^^scEoamers, and was rich and proud'.1 ' Hit sat in the best pew in the churcE,,and7re*Bponded louder and .edn^bhied'smaUw'tbaa'any otbSr member of thb'fbpi&^^tidp^'md'^Wes^^thebther ■ m^itin'tlv^igjpe doWn" frpintKe uj^river country; ■ -with a load of pelts. He -wits a mighty Edhterf ; and every year he eapturoTby trapping, shoot v* Ing, and" swindling the" mnthtored Indians snoitgh ftfrs to. control thamaricti; and- haoras' • a mowing monopoly.,: ;Ho,worea jdng hat, and ■ a shirt tjiat b.ution'ed.bpEina, .an'dhung his . watch chain milaide his 'coat'. , ^'He "was 'mashed euPemigowaasetintbe first'minOgi He was a \- lonely man, he said. He took her hand in his, and eSiffth's" fwinfiid.-Bdnie 'Sar'taaid^nito^go with him and stay in tlio north woods about nine m6tith's'in!We'-year,'hhd'help Mm skin \- beamsy-and- mink^-and otte^-and fox, and cer-; tain varieties of oats and bears, and cook for himdhidhripuim to bsmboorle.the'Tndians out of their pelts, odd pack'the furs", for him, and ■-. .-hclp.biin dawn the river with tlieum? Would. \- she fly mlK hijnP ,Sha shook ,lier ,wealth'of -:golden hair and "told tho'himtier-Ue-was away off his base,hndi Bhe-wouldSeeliim. for-der be fore she'd gp. Straightway tlio Michilima chinac led fijbr- to bet father,' and; fold the \- umpire ,t^4t' no '^lad'bocn' gut out' on; a ford. The olitnum Eent' fii/E rows upon tEeiroboUious cannot bear to thihk of it,' sh'o said. -' Jdnt you are very' deer to me,' pat in her lover. 1 That's «:t wheke the gaiello coines id,' sighed the maidenj ■■■ "I'm afraid you're lion tome.' '.Make'ermine,' the lover saidi - And the old'man said he would, and called fPr'some mink and paper to draw up tlio settlement. "Hut Femigowossct siflply Siid'i 'Thou art so near and'yet so fur,' and"left'the'rodm'. There was' Another.1 A ydiithAilhaild^lmari,' with a straw hat and wide \- . trousers, ysnda broad collar . with anchors worked orf it in »liite tEread,'and lovoly yacht club buttons—George Augustus Saskatchewan. Ho was a daisy. Ho played on tho mouth organ and danced tho'racket divinely, knew all the new songs of tho street, got nine hundred dollars a yearandjspenteve^r cont of it on his clothes. And wlfen tho'old'man found gut the pwfrimis 'attachment, there1 wis a eirono; ' But the bravo girl stuck to George, and said if tho old- mandidn'tliko George ho'needn't marry hhnj bit as-for'har, she was his hairpin (or words to that effect)', and that was tho kind of a girl sb'eiwas." And'inasmuch at it was not plcaiantfor Georgo to visit Pomigewassot at \f tho house, as ho! didn't feel abli to feed her father's dog three, times a week out' of his soanty salary and sensitive legs, these devoted young people used to wander olear out of tho laue,.ai .and meet when tho moon was full, and when it.wasjgbbous, and whon.it was half, and whenihwanbdiinioltlio last qunrter, ahd when there wasn't even enongh moon to oxcuso a gas coimpanyv" And'so dne.nighl, while lie bent his head' to gase into tho lmppy face that was" nesfled-'against his breast, tnere was a moving shadow.', by. tho rook that'was not oast by the hemlocks, the cold, cruel glitter of steel' in - tho star-light, and the heart throbbing so warmly beneath tho cheek of tho girl wasatill, and she held her lover in hcrarint.only to see the love light < in hU -dear' oyes die out in the glass j Stare of death. A mocking laugh, from, a-.voioe she knew and hated'jaWofhn herVspil.''; .'Itap pearbd. .that "thb tojebted rijal, Piertoppiili T."; MichiUm^hiaab,'bad, taken , a ' bowie-knife two inches mdohud'a footand ii-lialf long, and ^pped'Ueorge forlaudabla pus,penetrating tlio perihelion at the hase .of tHo cardiac :upolhcgui by A Iatoral incision, bearing squ'-wesl. halt, west, ■ through the; metacarpal phalanges in apogoo with the basb of tho fifth rib. The t cqcjierous Michilimacliinnc lied to the north wood, and in,tho following month ato himself hp with .a wild bear, and tho Indians gobbled up: all. his : skins,", Femigewosst got her to a nunnerjr, and followed her lover to tho summer land in a few months.' The stern parent hav ing bit oft a little more stock: than he could masticate, went on 'change to unload one,: day, and got canght on a falling market and skinned alive.. And to this day, when! the: bell :• in the castle tolls thehour of midnight, two ghostly figures wander down the lane with, the skating rink glide affected by ghosts, and in the shadow of- this - rock the ilody ghost, on lier bonded knees/lifts her clasped hands in the passionate eloquence of a voiceless appeal to the glittering stars.whi'eher shadowy figure bends above'tho' prostrate phantom';stretched before her, stain ing the crushed ferns with tlin crimson nnrrmit. o£ a lire. ■Burdette'in Hawkey e.' To steal a ride on an elevated railway would be highway robbery. : ' ' Many a man who thinks himself, B great'gun is nothing bnt» big bore. : ; ■ "Itosa landowners understand' jdst enough abont farming to know how to 'raise* l.th6ir rents." ; ; ' ,' A lawybb asked a woman in the witness box herbage, andflhe. promptly replied, ' I acid milk for. yon" to 'drink when-a baby, and I. haven't got my pay. yet".' ' * the president. 1 PATBicxdam'e to the morgne to claim a lost ] relative, ' Has he .any peculiarity by which be can be 'recognised ?' - asked' theguardian-. 1 ICes; he is dumb,' Said Bsown, 'Smith;won't have so soft a thing as he has had.' ' I.don't know,' replied Bqbinson: ' he'll hare a soft .thing so. long as he'doesn't lose his head.'. t | A Michigan journal says: 'In this Sta'o etiquette permits a bride to be married withoui gloves, becanAothat is the way shd handles the gdqom after marriage!*' Wf/j-tV, ;.{r .1.;:, ,y" ! idejf 'said' 'sin' indnstHons oiergymaoi ! from the man who ilwayahaaa half .'hour to spare, for he ia sure to 'drop in and use np a half hptir that belongs to somebody'else'.* ': ] Bt'iixxsa man:' fYobvagabondIYon send. ■ ^n,word that-yon Wo aid soe me on businoes, andwhehl ;'aak" what your, business'. is,' you beg!' Yagabonid: 'But you", forget,'..sir, begging ilimy business J'' j -I* being claimsd by one of; the sterner, sex that man was made first and' lord.,of .oreation, I the question wasasked by |tn. idignant boanty, [ how.longhe;remainedlord .of- creation. 'Till he got a info,'wasthe reply. Firr vagabond-^ * Sebhere,''• John,''h'o'w do I yon stand op. the question of the revival of, the. inoom# tax -Behind Vagabond?* 'Welt',' Jooj if the Government will provide me with the in oome,. I fron't, mind^theii taxing, it.', i Authobs shonld bo more careful to write I their MS. clearly. One thought he wrote,' See the pale martyr in his sheet of fire.'. But the | printer put it ' in bis shirt on fire." The poet martyr has never been heard of ainoe. ; ; t I nbvbb,' said'Lord Allen, ' pnt, my * razors into hot water, as I' find that- it injures 'the | temper of tho blade.'; 'I shonld think so;'sald Bogors the poet. 'Where is. the blade'who would not be ont"of temper when pluugod into hot water?' . A yohrig'wife lately lost her husband, wlo was about seventy, years old. ' But howdidyou' ever happen to marry a; man of that ago?' asked: one of her •friebds. 'Why,' said the yonng widow!' yon see I only bad tho oboicu betwoen two old men, and, of course, I took the oldest.' A obstlbsian having engaged a. brioklayer.lo mako aotno repairs in his cellBr, ordered tho ale to. be removed boforo the bricklHyer com menced his'Wortl,..' Qa, I'm not afraid of a barrel of ale,'air,', said the man. '.I presume not,' said the gentleman, ' but I think a barrel of ad# would rnnat yonr approabb.' ; A stout is told of a certain Oornishman who, even on the occasion of his wife's funeral, un able to resist a feeling of impatienoe'af having to, prooeed for a considerable distance at the regulation paee of about half a mile an hour, murmured to his nearest neighbour, '.Dear dear, this it making a toil of a pleasure!' Ficthu Avpaius.—Another 'movement' announced, and another 'pan;' the forme* I nuder the name of the latter—a united effort at | the regeneration of the Ottoman Empire, en titled ' Fanislsmism.' Opinions may differ a< I to Pansnglioshism,and Panslavism mayor may not prosperbut there can be little 'question that Panislamism is a pan pretty euro of going [ to pot.—futich.. A OBNTLiwAN of the Civil Bervioe at Ban goon reoently applied, it is said, for leave on urgent private affairs, end the Government granted.the leave on his explaining that he wished to marry. On the expiration' of bis leave he returned, still" unmarried, ard the secretary wrote asking for an explanation of snoh oondnot on the part of the gentleman. The reply was as follows:—"Sir,—I have tho 'honour to inform yon; in answer to yonr No! B.': 23 of the ;21st April last, tbat, on taking leave, I fully intended to marry; bat on my arrival in England'I foniid the lady in question entertained frivolous objections to my personal appearance.. I have, the hoaoor to be," sir, yota obedient " | . A Ul Tbvmb.—'PapaWrangoV- the patri airchalField.MarahaU who'died in'Berlin, full1 pf'y^ll;andbbnonn^w&^heJvar7 Incarnation' oi ihat: penaribiu:iliH{&e8a; tbat Baa for cenr tnries'past bedh a* leading 'Prussian' character istic. A comical illustration of his economical peculiarities lately came' to light at Wiesbaden, where a famous military hospital exists, founded chiefly by army subscriptions, every officer in the German forces having contributed one day's pay to the original cost of its construction. ' l:npn Wrangel' visitod this institution in the summer of 1872 and carefully inspected its every detail, but emitted, npon Tearing, the customary formality of depositing some pecuni ary offering in its collection box, A fortnight later,. , however, i the! hospital director re ceived a large but'not very heavy-packet,• aocompanied by Blotter from his1; Excellency,1 htating that the packet in question- contained a gift for.the infirmary, bnt most not, be opened Until after the.death; of the illustrious giver. . ;No mention was made of the value of the pre sont; but the- hospital authorities. jumped to the conclusion, chiefly baBed on the lightness of the parcel, that it contained securities, or possi bly .bank notes, to a considerable amount. Some short time ago the packet was formally, oponed in tho presonce of suverai army pffio.rs-; invited to> witness the i ceremony, which, was prefaced by an oration expatiating npon the generosity of the'deoeased Field-Marshal, 'the hospital's' noble behefaotor.' The seals wore brokenfirs t one paper' covering, then another, removed, and so on, till qoile a hillock of! wrappers aroso upon the table. At last came a cardboard case, and 'inside, it a photograph of PapBWrahgel's' favourite writing table in his Btndy at Beriin.l' The photograph was not oven framed.' • ' ' j Air Akbbican Game.—On h Michigan central train the other day, was a paisenger' who had dost his right arm. Soon after the Irain steamed 'out of /Detroit he began talking with.'those 'around him with'regard to the political candi dates, Claiming to have served nnder both. This - led some one to ask him how and where he'lost his arm*, and horoplied, 'It -was dbnein the WilderneBs. Wewere charging the enemy's liue. A ballet, struck iny arm, crushed'the hone, land I fell nnconscions: When'I was restorod to - consciousness I was in the hands of the Confede iatcs—indeed, a-soldier was going through my pockets. ' - When he ■ discovered1 that X was alive he was about to bayonet me,: bnt a oor poral sprang forward, knocked the wretch down, and saved my life.' While he was tel ling this, a man wi h big left arm gone had risen from hisst-at and'come nearer, and,-as the 'other finished, he bent forward and said, ' I am that very corporal!I-remember the incident hs if ft.happened only yesterday.:; I -had you 'conveyed to an.old.log.barn over, on the right.'. ■ Yes, .yea;, let\ua, embrace 1, , Thank :Hoaven that. I have, found, you. out! How came you hereP' ' X have been ,to Detroit to be treated, for cancer, but'there is no longer, any! hope. Iam.gqing home to gq to ,.a .poor house, and there and . my , days. I haven't , a cent.;"pr*.!.*.a;, friend.:, [-' And .1: am . going, 16 the pcorhouse" as. well,' replied, tha other.; I T Kbva Mn*nmni.?fin • fttwl. no f am n(mni]«ta 11 have bouamption;. and, aal.am penniless, I must go,and-die..among pauperis.'** Then. I mas t go j and ^die , among paupers.;; T,heu. theyombfaqed'agamand.Veemed'tp%bep. One bajjsenger up half a dollar, ana passed hit. hat^ a'nd'in fiive'minuties a collristiba'amouhtingi to S'dbtlahSSO cbnts was' divided; between; tbepi:; Everybody'said' it'/was "a** shame; and ari'old; man seemed \niling to'adopt them both if they' would; go"'on*:'t6**Illinois.' ' But'' th'ejt didn't;; they, got off at Dearborn;' and.it waa a quarter of an ; hoar ' afterwards; that", a . commercial' traveller dared make1 the statement that both men lived in'Detroit,'that' bbth'hadTo'st'their arms by accident, and that both had played the same game over and over on every railroad in tho State.—Taper. | Shuvich op Soskk—A Bervioe of song entitled 'f Burt's Joy" waa given on Friday week at the South Biisb-ino Baptist Ohapol, by the Petrie Torruco Choir, under tho leadership of Mr. Gregory, when- a very pleasant ovehing was spent; r At ita'oloso a hearty vote of thanks wus accorded to Mr.' Gregory land choir, i The Weather ik Octoheb.—The following is a ' summary' by' the Government Meteoro logical Observer of the weather in Brisbane during October" The weather has been coolor than usual during the month, the mean shade temperature, 69 3 dogs.,' being1:8 degs. under tho average of this month for the pre vioos ten years, und 2 6 dogs, nnder the aver ago of the previous three years. The highest reading - in. shade; 90 dogs., was on the 2nd; the lowest on grass, 47 dogs., was on the morn ing of the 6th. .'The mean barom trio reading, 30-044 inches, is -019 inch under the average of the month;. the highest reading, 30-301, was at 9 a.m. on the 29th; and the loweBt,29-648 inches,at 3 p.m. on the 18th. Bain (which varies much in quantity during this; month) fell , on six days;, the total fall, 1-17 inches, being 1T7, inches nnder the average of the month for the previous ten.years, „The..greatest fall during, twenty-four hours, -90 inch, was on the 26th; The total rainfall for; the year 1881, to 31st Oetober,was 25*20 inches on 98 days." • ! Thb iate StoiiM;—The storm on the !nlght of'Thursdajr, 29th'October (says' the ffeelorig Aiverfiter}, will long be remembered in the Little Biver distriot by sheep-farmers. The Small holders, who were caught in the middle of shearing, have unstained losses whioh though appearing insignificant to that of their largor brethren, are comparatively heavier, their losses ranging generally 20 to'70 sheep each. On the. IViday and Saturday followiug, thesoeha on the plains was ia desolate one. Wherever a wall or other , breakwind afforded tho leaBt shelter, there would he seen the dead shoep by the score. 'In corners of paddocks ex posed to tho fury ot tho storm might be seen uotually heaps of dead caroases, the biting blast forcing the sheep one oh top of the other, and, ho dohbt, soores Were thus smothered. Num bers of Mr. Bullivant's sheep were drowned from a similar'canso. The stock fled with the blast until'thoriver was reached, and the fore, most were forced into the water by the preuuro of .others behind.. -"Xtoar large' owner# have lost 3,608'sheep."1 i.ijo:--.. l.;; , -o 