SECRET AS THE GRAVE. A Biography, A.D. 1665—1723, I. The times were out of joint. " If one look unto the land behold eoxrow and darkness." A treacherous debauchee sat on the throne, false, fleeting, peijured ,l leering with bleared eyes at everything nnrA Qnrl nnn/1 Tiinf laAMnn mnn k.1ntH MUW gvuu. LU(k« imiutg naD itl&CU; up by the courtiers and passed on to the commonalty of the realm. Perish all virtue, freedom of thought, and worship ; but, God save the King. The nation noouiuuAj uuvuuvmiu U1UUE vrivli excess of liberty to work its own sweet will, and with the licence to do every thing save establish a Conventicle, or contravene the Thirty-nine Articles. One prophet there was — a Samson who shook the temple of Mammon, and the light of whoBe eyeB had been quenched in manhood, bat whose fiery soul burned in the dark. He lifted his still beautiful; orbs to heaven and uttered a parable against the backsliding of the age ; then dying, poured out hiB soul in undying song. Another voice was at hand to cry aloud and spare not, even with the trumpet of the Archangel. It needed not the despairing shriek of the fanatic along her streets, " There is wrath gone out from the Lord, the plague is begun." For, in the modern Babylon people were hurrying to and fro, silent and far apart; and at intervals there appeared vprlffon An wait Ulra fA " Uona Meue " of old, the awful sentence, " Lord have mercy upon us," encircling the image of the cross. Truly the times were out of joint in 1665. There was brought to a quiet country church for baptism " Edward, infant son of Thomas and Margaret B , of Mersbam, Gent." Ho venerable font lent its hoary sanction to the sacred rite, for two years afterwards occurs the entry in the Parish Book, "Payd Master Gower and Mason Epps ye sum of one shilling aud ninepence for bringing ye auld font from ye Lodge forstall. Re- payring ye same at ye base, eightpence." The parents of Edward were fairly well to do, having an estate of seven hundred acres or more, and living in a picturesque manor house, now divided into cottages, but little altered durine the last two hundred years. It is a high-roofed, half- timbered dwelling of a style frequently seen in Kent, tbe first floor projecting on stout oak joists, and haviDg odd corners covered with ivy, with broad- based chimneys, snggeBtive of secret chambers, and an old-fashioned earden, overran with simple flo wersand herbs, snch as Shakespeare speaks of, and where many a Puritan posy has been gathered. Eveu now the sweet scent of the lavender and the moss-rose comes back to me like the breath of a purer life from the Eden of childhood, and I sigh to think how soon all the dear earthly flowers have faded for evermore. The gronnd rises to the north and west, and a long stretch of moorland widens to the south, through which passes a sluggish stream, formerly the hauut of the bustard and the suipe. At the time of which I write, Thomas B , Gent., .had been obliged to part with some of his broad acres Whilst yet a lad of sixteen he had ac-» companledhis father, an old Boyalist, to the wars, and the estate was deeply mortgaged in the King's service ; but there still remained a moiety sufficient to enable him to sleep in the ancestral home, and to send his eldest son, Edward, to the University. " He cannot trust hie way with the sword," said Mr. Thomas B , to a neighbour, " for in these dangerous days no man knows his enemy ; little heed is taken to my suit at Court ; therefore the lad must be content with this small patrimony and his uncle's promise of preferment." "Walk circumspectly, and remember her that bare you," observed his mother, the stately Margaret, as yonng Edward mounted his horse. An old serving-man £ 11 — j AM AMAJ.I.AH 1 Lb J Jl. iuuuwcu uu gftuubuei wiiiii liuge eauuie- bags. Thus equipped he entered Oxford in 1681. Edward B , witnessed stirring scenes in Oxford between 1685 and 1688. The troublous times were revived. Heads of houses trembled, and the city was divided in its allegiance ; whilst the reformed faith was 10 jeopardy. Already a strange ritual had begun to appear in college chapels, for a new king arose, at the best a fool, at the worst a bigot, whose only virtue was obstinacy. He attempted to govern, that was a mistake ; afterwards to coerce, and that was fatal. He fled to France. "The wicked flee when no man pursueth." He fled with out hindrance, and was forgotten with out effort. Thus England's great danger passed. In 1688, Edward B ......, having graduated, left the university and turned his footsteps eagerly homewards. His father, though scarcely sixty years old, was alike broken in health and fortune from that " hope deferred " which adheres to the promise of princes ; a promise which the Merry Monarch gave so grace- fully and broke so persistently, to many others besides the gentlemen of Kent. His wife Margaret, then forty-eight years old, bore up bravely, finding abundant occupation and interest in household duties, and in the management (and manage them she did) of her three sons, Edward, William, and John. Dame Margaret welcomed the return of her first-born gladly, for beneath that stately mien there throbbed a loving heart. For five years she had scarcely seen Edward. The stripling had become a man, with the high forehead of his father, and those blue, dreamy eyes which had not looked out of the family face since old John B ..... died, two gene- rations before. He had much to tell them, especially about London. The city was well-nigh rebuilt. The cathedral was to be the finest int he world. he had been hoisted in a bucket to the timbers of the dome, aun saw the King riding below no larger than an emmet: and Millington, the bookseller, had shown him a missal used by King James. Moreover, he had seen the Primate, and had been assured that, upon sending letters of testimony, be might present himself for ordination three months hence. That was a joyful evening at the lonely manor. One or two -neighbours came at frrar, and the hostess bid them taste the new foreign drink called tea, or lay, a pound of which bad been bouvht at Dover for forty-five shillings, Edward was made much of, and his younger brothers were allowed to sit with their arfgte, Etch their fetfcer wascheerfnl, and remembered an old English song composed by John Baldwinne. And what a sapper was laid at seven, served on good honest pewter, with flagons of silver gilt Surely no viands could be more tempting than the spiced brawn, the streaky sirloin, and the golden ale. And when all was quiet one observance was not forgotten. The thoughtful mother took the heavy Bible, " A gift to our dear Margaret on her marriage day," and read alond about one who was dead and is alive again, who was lost and is found. Tko kol In aA 1.L a v 1 n e a . uwo vi iiue vase catneorai at uan- terbnry shonld have made glad music in the qaaint city ; for the morning was fair, and there were bright frees gathered at the southern portal, waiting for the ordination held by my Lord Archbishop. But it was the season of Lent, and from three sonorous voices only in the lofty tower came the solemn refrain, "Bend your hearts." To pass into the building from the fresh, free air outBide was to pass into the chill silence of a vaulted sepulchre. There are few traces of recent desecration and disaster, bnt the Temple of the Lord seemed uncared for and deserted ; and the very atmosphere heavy with the weight of woe, which had fallen fifty years before from a murdered Archbishop. As young Edward B passed up the nave to take his place among the candidates, his chief ancestor, the Chan cellor, was seen in his heavy robes resting nlfi ItAQll -All klo kanJ anJ nomnn vnint. — 6®""© WAOt" fully upon so comely a scion of his race. Boyalist and Roundhead had passed ; the keen eyes of the restless Land had scanned the recumbent figure ; but the tread of their hurrying feet had not broken his long rest. Nor was his spirit moved for a moment, as his kinsman ap proached in the full tide of that life which he had laid down nearly eighty years before, and the old Chancellor gazed wistfully after him. The service was well-nigh as cold as the effigy ; the sermon, passionless like those stony eyes, and soon the deep undertone of the organ ceased to tremble in the vaulted roof; and the vast cathedral was left to the awful memories of the past. In the following year the promise of preferment from Uncle John was fulfilled. The Beverend William Sale, who had been placed in the living of S in 1686, fonnd it convenient to resign ; and, on the third of July, 1690, Edward £ was inducted. The occasion was pleasant and genial, like the Beason. Looking from the large window of the guest chamber, Edward saw the graceful spire of the little church breaking the outline of the highland to the North. The church was his own ; the parishioners were his flock. He was happy at the prospect of much quiet usefulness ; happy also in the remembrance that the expectations of the family had not been disappointed. Leaving the invalid father seated near the beehives in the garden, Dame Margaret and her boys walked to S Church, some of the grey stones of which had been fashioned by pious haDds in the twelfth century. Here, in the half- timbered porch, he was met by tbe Vicar of Ashford, the Beverend Samuel Warren. After a little formality, Edward took the attenuated key, and unlocking the low massive door entered the belfry. At the instigation of the then Primate, who had issued searching articles of inquiry, the four bells had beeu recast by Joseph Hatch, in 1636 j and the young Rector now sounded such a wild alarum on the great tenor bell, that though the wind was contrary, its vigorous note smote the ear of his fond father one mile away, causing him to murmur with delight, " that is my Edward !" The income arising from the living was inconsiderable. Unhappily the Act of 1612 directed Church lands to be sold for State purposes, reserving a decent moinfAnanAA fnr flip minister . anii. AS the Commisioners were empowered to begin with the property of those whose adherence to the Stuarts had been most manifest, the B family, as patrons of S , again suffered for their loyalty. Forty-eight acres of excellent glebe, each parcel of land carefully described in the Terrier I have before me, were disposed of ; leaving, as if in irony, a few paltry fragments scattered in obscure corners j over the parish, scarcely amounting to a dozen acres in all Nor did the rectorial tithe, over an area of eight hundred and thirty-two acres, prodace much. Wheat was then at forty-one shillings per quarter (afterwards it leapt to sixty shillings), and the difficulty and vexation of claiming tithe in kind from a dis affected people often caused the young minister fn Rfar flifl llfltld. Apart from, the Court Lodge and a dilapidated mansion called Swanton, the families of a few sturdy yeomen and their helpers formed the population. These men well sustained the old reput ation of the county — " Invicta." They were a tall, stalwart race, smooth speaking, and of gentle manners, not wakefal to offend, nor willing to forgive. " Ye have angels' feces, bnt Heaven knows your hearts." There was also an encampment of gipsies; residents they might also be called, occupying a. strip of waste land north-east of the chnrch ; and these famish an element of romance in the life of Edward B — . For it happened, four years after his induction — that is, in 1691 — a shadow fell upon the quiet household at Mers bam by the death of the invalid father ; and, as the estate was burdened, the widow Margaret rather decidedly set before her eldest son, Edward, the desir ability of securing a lady of fortune for a wife. " Thou art twenty-nine," said she, "and Mildred Hall is twenty-seven. I know she will favour thy affection, an d I will sneak to her mother on tfav be- half.'? Edward, being somewhat vexed by bis mo-her's importunity, left the house, although it was dusk, and walked towards S . He was startled by seeing a dim light in the church ; and more so when, pausing in the porch, he found that some kind of service wa3 going on within. An old man who had been ejected from a neighbouring ricarage thirty-two years before was pleading for the faithful in prayer. His feeble voice, tremnlous with excitement, was heard bewailing the wickedness of the times. ""Tbon hast smitten the city with pestilence, j and purged it with fire. and yet it is as SodfiUM, eons men within it "Where be our rulers ? They have eyes and see not ; putting the people into the priests' offices that they may eat a piece of bread. Bnt," added he, " If the minister here be chosen of the Lord, grant that he may have more understanding than all his teachers." Presently the speaker preach ed from the text, " Gather my saints together unto me, those that have made a covenant with me by sacrifice ;" and the discourse, like the ancient roll of the prophet, was full " of lamentation, and mourning, and woe. This ended, Luke Jffilvey, the aged Ulerke, wno naa received no unction, he said, since Master Howe went away, gave out the opening verse of the little known Puritan hymn— "The mighty Lord ie still abroad, Bnt He is all asleep ; Fair David's son doth sheath his aword. And none the city keep ; The eneoy aronnd hath roared While Oana's ohildren weep." With a wild fervour the voices gather ed strength, and, like a funeral dirge, the solemn cadence passed over the quiet resting-places of the dead, until the con cluding wordB seemed shouted to the deep sleepers : — " Awake ! awake ! put on thy mail. Smite Ahab hip and thigh, And let the ministers ot Baal Thy red right hand deecry. Awake ! awake ! the nations quail; Thy ohosen ceaee to cry." One voice there was singularly sweet and clear. More than once had Edward heard that voice during his own minis- trations ; ana aiterwaras its ecno naa thrilled his soul, and left a yearning there. Strange that it was to be the solitary music of his after-life. n. The voice belonged to Lena. No other name was known to the handsome girl who came with the gipsy tribe from Canterbury six years before. It was re ported that her parents were distressed Huguenots, who died soon after their flight ; and a foreign idiom somewhat favoured this idea. At any rate, Lena seemed quite happy, being a favourite with her swarthy companions, and re garded with admiration by the yonths in the parish. And no wonder ; for her face was not likely to be forgotten. Who could look into those dark, lustrouB eyes, and not look avain i Who could hear that silverv laugh loosed from its portal of shining pearls, and not tarry ; or see that fair form flitting from tent to tent, withont some thonght of gentle gladness ? Often had Edward B noticed her at work, dip ping rnBhes for candles under the awning of Narna, the mother of the tribe, and stayed to talk with her, well pleased with her ready reference to the deep truths of religion, and at her fiery protest at any oppression or wrong. The girl had passed to womanhood, and he knew it not. To him she was still the winning child, the day's delight, as he visited the rough homes of his flock ; but now the tone of her voice in the old chnrch startled him with the conscious ness that interest and sympathy had merged into & deeper feeling, and the difference between them was not one of years only. He took no notice of tbe secret gather ing in the church, for the usnal Snnday service was well attended, aud he trusted that time would reconcile all his people to " the powera that be ; " yet many an evening when the stars came forth, and the last meal was spread, might the solitary figure of the y< >ung Rector be seen pacing to and fro beneath the venerable yews in the churchyard, within a few yards of the encampment ; and when her voice arose like the voice of an aogel, at times it bore him aloft to Paradise, aud at times it laid him, in desire, low with the white-robed sleepers at his feet. To Lena he revealed nothing. He seemed so mnch older now, and she so artless ; yet he could not assume the familiarity of yesterday. She wondered at his gravity and sought for the cause, even to the extent of confessing her uiiusuuance at sue meeuug. wneu ne put aside that, and sighed, she sought the more to please ; and at length he left her with a strangesenseof comfort in his heart. His mother had tact. Seeing that her cherished plans must be put aside for the present, she ceased to plead on behalf of Mildred Hall, who shortly married William Edolph's son, of Ashford. Meanwhile Edward was perplexed. Should he take his mother into his con fidence ? She was still his guide, and her affection was strong, but would it bear so severe a strain as an admission of love for one of obscure birth, and dowerless ? He dared not put it to the test What if be explained all to Lena. A generous impulse might induce her to meet his declaration with a warmth enkindled by a sense of esteem or gratitude, rather than any deeper feeliDg. And yet, catching at stray words, the straws perhaps or despair, a gleam of hope had passed into a belief that she cared for him more than for any other. He was soon disappointed ; and in this way. For some weeks he had observed amongst his congregation a young man, apparently serious and attentive, seated next to Hannah, the maid at tbe Court Lodge. At this he was glad, for he knew him as James Conveney, or Coney, a wild youth from an adjoining parish, whose manner of life was questionable, and whose fierce passion had made many to fear 'him. In strength and stature as of A nalr, with handsGme features, and eyes quelling and searching, bis speech was soft and persuasive, as if at variance with his stera nature. Alas ! it was the tongue that drew the unwary into his net One day he stopped Edward. " Master B said he, " we want to be put up in the church." "Exactly," replied Edward, smiling, "to be married. I expected as much, my friend, by seeing yon both together so often. Let me see, I think your sweet heart's name is Hannah " <( kin I in mv T /Irtn'f want her." " Well, then, who may it be ? " ex claimed Edward, amused at the mistake. " I don't know the name, leastways not all of it" " Does she live in the parish f " : " Tea ; yon know that." " What is she called f " "Lena." For a moment Edward B— felt giddy, and his breath Laboured, and then a sudden chill fell -onhis heart, like the chilliness of the grave. Recovering bis self possession, although his free was .white and his- hand shook, he made a note of the banns, and then hurried home. Home the place hod changed. The enk griffin at the front depjytbs ' cognizance of his family, thrust out its forked tongue ; and the proud peacock on the garden wall hissed defiance ; and the sonnd of his brothers' innocent mirth in the old rooms seem to mock him. Why was he born ? Why had he lived 1 Surely the life beyond was less bitter ; the long sleep in the darkness more sweet. And then a gentler feeling came to the rescne, freed by a torrent of tears. After all, who was to blame ? She had never really shown her love 1 He had not betrayed his own. She was free to chose ; but had she chosen well 1 Ah 1 could he save her from harm ? No ! it must not be thought of. One course alone remained for him as his father's son. He must suffer and be silent. And thus he braced himself for the dnll routine of daily duty. The wound was concealed, and none snspected it It bled inwardly, and therefore was the more dangerous. He assumed his wonted cheerfulness. At the humble marriage be performed the ceremony. The huge timbers of the roof crossed their brawny .arms, beholding in admiration, for comelier twain had never passed beneath since they fell to the woodman's stroke four hundred years before. The minister joined their hands, whilst his own trembled ; and then, in a voice deepened by the struggle within, followed the irrevocable words, " Let no man put asunder." The effort was over. The old church was left to silence. Edward alone re- mained. A large white owl, startled by the bells, ghost-like, floated up and down the nave. The noon-day sun crimsoned the Norman pier through fragments of ancient glass. What if her white soul should thus be stained I And theo came a cloud and a shadow, and the bright promise of the day was overcast. Three years passed. Old Narna was dead, but, as she lay dying something she whispered to Edward which wrung his manly heart. Fresh faces appeared in the encampment, whilst James Coney and Lena lived in a solitary cottage, still standing, in the centre of the parish, from which were heard sad sounds at night Yet no one songht the cause ; for the man had grown morose and surly, and and his right arm was strong. To Lena, Edward B was almost ueierentiai, ana never otnerwisetnan as a faithful pastor. There was always adelay in gaining admittance to the cottage, and notwithstanding her engaging welcome, he felt that the stern husband wished him away — although he soon had occasion to wish otherwise. For a succession of bad harvests from 1690 to 1699 had more than trebled the price of bread. Wages had fallen to six shillings a week. The yeomen of S were in despair. Their dependants were mixing acorns, bark from the trees, and roots to satisfy their huDger. Discontent was fierce : the prisons were full, and a spirit of mischief was abroad. Again the times were out of joint. Edward B had been over to Ashford to take counsel with Mr. Irby and Mr. Randolph about relieving the necessitons, and was returning at night across the Bushy field, when his horse floundered in a dyke. Making for the nearest cottage, which was Coney's, the darkness increasing and a strong wind bloving in his face, a sudden dip in the land caused him to fall headlong. Before he could get up, several sheep rushed past There was a scuffle, and a smothered oath ; and he heard Coney exclain, " Hold on, Jack, here's the knife." The position of Edward was perilous. To reveal himself would be fetal ; for his pistols were iu the saddle-bag, and the risk of discovery would make the men desperate. He remembered Narna's dying words, aud for a moment his tongue clave to the roof of his mouth. The next be was creeping stealthily back to the dyke, where, luckily, the horse had ex tricated itself from the mud ; and he at once rode home, determined to say nothing about the matter. That night he dreamed that he saw Lena, fair and free as in the old happy time, bounding to meet him with childish glee ; but, ere he could clasp her hand, she fell forward, something was in the way. He tried to reach her, aud the effort awoke him. Then came the Bubtle thought, as the serpent hissed of yore, " Why not plnck the fruit ? This man's life is in your hand : the law demands it. You take it not ; afterwards " But Edward crossed his brow with alarm. No such thought could rest within. He knew from whence it came, and he crashed it. Yet further was he sorely tried. For James Coney had made many enemies. In the parish, sheepstealing had become frequent, and men watched. TllfiV wprfl Tint at hand nvflpniolif ichan Edward B heard the straggle ; but, at early day, certain traces led them to the lonely cottage, where they fonnd a sheep-skin seemingly fresh. This was enough for their purpose. Mr. Robert Honywood, of Kingsnorth, was in duced to order his apprehension ; Coney was hurried to Ashford, and he soon lay at Maidstone, waiting his trial His wife was in despair. Remember ing one who had always shown great kindness and sympathy, she came to her faithful pastor and tearfully entreated him (betrayiDg her nationality by her gestures) to speak ou behalf of her husband. " I know," she pleaded, " that James has shown scant courtesy to his betters, but he is so shy, and likes keeping to himself ; aud he told me that Master Rogers had given him the sheep for trap ping a vixen, and" — with a burst of passionate energy — " Oh ! what would my life be without him ! " "Can nothing be done, Edward ? " said his- mother, who was standing by. She had recently lost her second son, William, tbe iov of the honsehold, and her heart responded to another's grief. What could Edward do 1 James Coney's virtues had long been of the negative kind ;-and there was the adverse evidence of that dark night " Weil," reasoned the compassionate rector, " I might have been mistaken. I did not see anybody ; and, by St George, T am not at all sure about the voice : therefore, assuming the man to be in nocent, my direct duty is to endeavour to save his life."- Sir Nicholas Toke, of Godinton, held a good position, and had recently been sheriff of the county. Edward B- rode over and saw him, and several other influential justices ; and it was arranged (bnt certain evidence should be submitted to the court which might turn the scales of justice in Coney's favour. But even his well-wishers shook their heads. His antecedents were not favourable. There were six hundred offences punishable with death, and sheep-stealing was one ; and, at a time when agricultural interests were depressed beyond measure, the judges were not always careful to consider the evidence in a man's favour. Seven teen years before, three witches had been burned at Bideford ; why suffer a eheep- stealer to live when mutton was twopence a pound ? Toe suspense was trying to a man so sensitive as Edward B . " If he be hanged I shall think I have not exerted myself half enough," he thought. The Lent assizes were over ; the postal service could not be relied upon, and the news came that Coney was condemned with a string of others. With' a heavy heart Edward walked to the cottage, bnt found there, to his glad surprise, that the report was false. James was already at the door, a free man, and apparently grateful for his minister's intercession, although he did not say so. After ; this escape it was supposed that he joined some wreckers on the neighbouring coast, as he appeared seldom at home, until his death, wnich was brought about by that terrific storm in 1703, so long remembered in England as making many women widows, and children fatherless : and which is so well described by Edward B in a letter to Mr. jxnaicuouii, men aoroaa : — " On Friday, being the 26th day of November, at midnight, so great a tempest" passed over the face of heaven as no man ever heard the like. The wind, which bad raged more or less all the day, strengthened at the dip of the moon, and now swelled into so mighty a fury that our house swayed as it were a door ; and we fell upon our knees in the oak parlor feariDg that the end of all things was at hand. Here our alarum was made worse by a rush of bricks down the chimney, which fell with such sudden force as to smite in twain the thick fire- back of iron, whereon are royal arms ; a misshapen which made my mother be token some further division of this kingdom. There was a pause in the hurricane ; but, about three of the clock, the blast returned most violent : and. when I looked forth, holding by the knotted alder, the darkness was pierced by etrange flashes of light ; albeit I heard no thunder by reason of the dreadfnl roaring of the wind ; and this, with the shrieks of our poorer neighbours, and the pitiful lowing of the cattle, which crowded at our doors, well-nigh astonied and overthrew me. Thank God ! the tempest broke with the day, and none of my parishonera perished, save Samuel Alcock, who was struck with so dire a sweat of fear and trembling, that no man could stay him, but kept calling out, 4 Mercy ! mercy ! day of doom,' until he verily yielded up the ghost for fright." Edward B did not then know that another parishoner was "done to death " by .this mighty tempest, and now lay mangled and motionless on the sands at Deal. James Coney and his comrades had noticed with cruel satisfaction the rising of the great storm. As the darkness deepened, lights flickered about the Goodwins, and a large vessel, having on board Admiral Beaumont and a crew of three hundred souls, was seen hugging the shore. There were men more pitiless than the fierce elements ; and these watched and waited, as the vultures watch and wait on the sheltered rock until the battle throws down their prey. On that Saturday morning they saw the tumultuous sea laden with spoil. Some of it was going out with the tide. Who would venture to bring it back ? Coney and his mates knew not fear. They were the first to enter a boat : but for once they measured not the force against them. The storm died hard, struggling with a giant's strength ; and before they had pulled a dozen strokes they felt its fury. Tn Hi A flhfamnl' fn rnfnrn O Iinna ntana UVSVUIJH ww 1 v VUI li Q uugo Wave engulfed them. For a few seconds they kept afloat, and might even have survived, bad they not beeu battered aDd crushed by the whirl of heavy chests aud bales of merchandise. One of the bodies came ashore. At first it was thought, being entangled in wreckage, that it belonged to the ill-feted gun ship of Admiral Beaumont ; but a Deal boatman recog nised his lodger Coney, not so much by the features as by the outline of a rabbit ingrained on the left arm. These tidings reached the lonely cottage on the Monday night, and Lena, scarcely realizing her bitter bereavement, hastened to the coast and brought back the body of her beloved for burial. It was placed on trestles in the belfry. That afternoon, when the stir caused by itsj arrival had subsided, and the at- tenaants naa lerc, Jtawara qnietly enterea the old church. These events had greatly moved him. He reverently approached the coffin, and, bending over the remains almost unconsciously thought aloud ; " Is this the end. A few days and full of trouble. Alas ! when thou wert leaving this chnrch nine years ago, I deemed thee the happiest of men ; now, a misshapen mass, wrapped in a woollen shroud. How art thou fallen ? And yet without the lamp of knowledge to guide thee, how could it be otherwise ? Thou didst but follow the instincts of thy kind — passion leading the way, judgment limping afterwards. Surely," sobbed Edward, now quite overcome, " there is mercy for thee, therefore shalt thou be feared." " Mercy," whispered a plaintive voice beside him (Lena had entered unper- ceived). " Oh, yes ! I know whom I have believed ; and then he was so hand some, so brave, so fond of me," added she, weeping bitterly. For a space there was deep silence, and their tears gathered fest. The evening shadows began to fell in that ancient belfrv over the livinv and thn dead a mournful emblem of tbe shadow which has long since passed upon all ; but, from the lancet window (spared when other images were defaced), there still beamed resplendent the patroness of the church, the Virgin with the Holy Infent in her . arms; and the young widow, looking up through her tears, interpreted once aeain the lettere of void " For JTe hath regarded the lowliness of His hand maiden." A few mornings afterwards Mrs. ' B- - — remarked, "I have been to visit Lena, and seeing that she hath now no support I have offered her the post of serving-maid here." "And did she accept it T" enquired Edward, " Accept it ! why truly she did, and declared that no one divined her sorrow like ourselves." "Mother, it must not be." "And wherefore, Edward!" adding somewhat coldly, " I thought you wished to serve Lena ; and I know she has the highest regard for you." Edward was a poor hand at excuses, bnt he at length satisfied his mother (whose only wish was to help the widow) by proposing that Lena should encceed Mercy Usher, recently dead, in taking charge of the church and washing the snrplice, at the usual salary ; living in the cottage on the glebe rent free. His feelings towards her were little changed. With the deep sense of duty and chival- ricfortitudeby which he was sustained, he had schooled his heart to regard her after marriage as a being beautifol indeed, and expressive of joy, but with whom he could have no other than epiritual con cern. Well had he born his part, although the struggle had drawn upon his years. But now the barrier was broken by ber severe sorrow and solitude, aud his strong love, graced by womanly tendernesss, turned freely, though silently, towards her. How deeply, therefore, was he grieved when, npon her removal to the glebe cottage, Lena seemed to grow reserved and timid, and unlike herself. He did not know until long afterwards what idle rumour had whispered in her ear, that tbe minister held her not worthy to attend npon hia mother, and she half believed what ehe feared. He thonght " perhaps it is the hidden grief which alters thus the mind," and he strove the more earnestly to Interest her, and to bring back the old cheerful greeting and the look which assured a welcome. In this he succeeded after mnch weary waiting. Lena was now twenty-eight years old, still possessing " the unhappy gift of beauty.'? She had never been like her humbler neighbours, and good nature alone preserved her from their envy. i In her homely dress she always looked a lady of the land, and sometimes when Edward B walked to the cottage, certain lines of a book which he had lately bought crossed his mind - — "When I approach Her loveliness, no absolute she seems, And in neraelt complete, bo well to know Her own, that what ehe wills to do or s>y Seems wisest, virtaoneeet, dieoreetest, beet ; All hieber knowledge in her presence falls Degraded." Years passed. To Lena that sharp separation from him she loved so well had lost its sting. The sorrow had been mellowed by 8unlight, the night had slowly given way to dawn. The rector had become middle-aged, but Lena was in the flower of womanhood. Aud now Edward noticed with a thrill of pleasure, like that of earlier years, that the tender chords of his own heart had met with responsive sympathy. Lena testified her affection in many ways for him. For this he had waited long, very long, and almost without hope, so that the sweet knowledge carried him fee back, and he felt the buoyancy of youth. They talked of their marriage. Edward's face was shaded for a moment " My mother is nearly fourscore, aud drooping fast," he Baid ; " we need not wait long for the old home." He stood yet in awe of the stately Margaret, and knew that the pride of birth would cause her to say "Nay." He himself well understood that feeling, b'nt Ms hesitation was suddenly removed. An enquiry appeared in the Spectator relating to the disappearance of a girl from Canterbury iD, or about, the year 1688\. The details were such that Edward immediately communicated with the family of De la Manr, and the discovery was made that the quondam gipsy girl was none other than the destitute orphan of French refugees, bearing a name (D'Arcy) ever dis tinguished since the wars of King Henry of Navarre. Edward at once told the good news to his ailing mother, and declared his. intentions with respect to Lena. To his surprise she answered, " My son, I have long known your inclination. A mother's eyes reach to the heart, and when you dissembled about Lena being serving-maid I guessed the truth, aud was sad ; but now I wish for the marriage, for John will take the near- hand honse, and wed Margaret ; leaving you here all alone when I am gone. " Three months later, when the golden grain was first felling to the sickle, aud the lark soared above the earth with a song of freedom as from the spirit land, Margaret B came to her grave " in a full age, like a shock of corn cometh in his season," and the deep vault in Mersham Church received another inmate. Afterwards, when thedays of mourning were past, tne nappiest or all days seemed at hand for Edward B . The wed ding was fixed, the familiar roams were adorned for another mistress : all things were ready. Lena had just returned from a visit to her newly discovered relations in Canterbury, and Edward hastened to the cottage to complete the arrangements for the wedding. I picture them ou that last evening al most iu awe of their great happiness, so strange and tempest-tossed had been their lonely life. She, with sprightly eagerness, plan ning a hundred things to throw the future into snnlight, he, with thoughtful mien, answered wisely, content to hear her voice. He left early, and on the morrow, on the way to ask his friend Mr. Peter Norwood to marry them, called at the cottage. Lena had been awake all night, aud was depressed in spirits, and very poorly. Edward attributed this to previous excitement. A little rest and all would be well. Leaving Sarah Home to minister to her wants, he came home ; but the large old rooms increased his loneliness, and he shortly returned to the cottaee. Liftine the catch of the road gate, a thoughtless boy, eager with the news, rnBhed np to him. " Master Andrews, the 'pothecary, 'a bin, and says as how her's struck with the felling sick ness." It was too true. At that time there was neither preventive nor remedy, and the treatment prescribed fostered the disease. Edward conld onlv see her onc£ and then she brightened Mb distress by imploring him to speak on behalf of her husband, James Coney. Only her former life -crossed - lier memory. The poor swollen head was foil of fancies. She; was a child prattling in front of Narna's tent, and wearing a chain of daisies. ' " Ah, those pretty bells," dapping her htwflsj "we must go to chnrch; we must go " — and then she paused, gating fixedly upwards, and the hands dropped. She was dead. Edward B was calm, but it was the calm that closes on the passions and hopes of life. For him the sun had set. He bore the great grief manfully, and read, I believe, the service at the grave, for I trace his trembling hand in the burial entry "1719, Nov. 4th. Ye Widow Coveney, of this parish." Bnt the blow had struck home. Without any apparent disease, save debility, prematurely old and worn with the waves of sorrow ever beating against his heart, he passed out of life. Four years afterwards the stately yews in the old churchyard waved their dark arms with woe ; the last leaves fluttered down to the mossy graves at the bidding of an autumnal wind, and the great tenor bell, which Edward had sounded so joyously thirty-three years before, tolled solemnly, for they bore his body from the quiet aucestral home to a quieter home beneath the chancel pavement, " the house ap pointed for all living." 