THEATRE ROYAL. MR. w. n. leake's benefit. I It is no small triumph to record for Mr. W. H. Leake and the admirable all- round company now staying with us, that for nearly four hours last evening they succeeded in captivating the attention of one of the largest audiences that has filled the building this season, and in giving general satisfaction to everybody present. The play Mr. Leake, chose for his benefit performance was the time - honoured Shakspearian tragedy, Hamlet, himself in the principal character naturally, and playgoers, 0110 and all, will be very glad to have seen him in it, as it stamps him in a more forcible way than anything else he has done here as an actor of great merit. The rendering was essentially that of a scholar, and if sometimes partaking a little too much of the core rather than the stage, such a blemish is not an altogether unwelcome one in the present day, when the very opposite has to be so often pointed out. Mr. Leak's is a fine, but rather a sad Hamlet, some of the lighter parts receiving but scant recognition, and the pocket handkerchief being brought too much into play. His soliloquies were wolldc-livered-a littloslowperhaps, In the Play score, and that with his mother in her closet, he excelled most, and was really very fine; indeed, these scenes may he pointed to as the chef damages in the whole rendering, which was one on which we heartily congratulate Mr Leake, our exceptions being taken in a kindly spirit. The fact that they can be pointed out will mark the interest which the rendering excited. Some little touches of action, now to us, such as the wearing of the pictures of the King (which might have been carried in conformity with modern practice into the closet scene), the sitting down to compose the promised lines after the line, " The play's the thing," etc., and others of a kindred character, added much to the attractiveness of the tragedy. The company, as we have already hinted, supported Mr. Leake in a thoroughly conscientious, painstaking, and artistic manner, nothing being left undone that would be likely to enhance the success. From a long list, too long to go through at so late an hour, we may instance as especial in merit Miss Austoad's Gertrude, Miss Fischer's Ophelia (which, if not all it might have been, was a surprise as emanating from so young an actress), Mr. W. G. Carey's Ghost, and Mr. O'Brien's Horatio. Down to the smallest parts everything was carefully done, and it was indeed in small things that the care of the management was most visible. Mr. Leake was recalled after every act, and at the close he and roses the audience in a very felicitious little speech of thanks and farewell, concluding with an intimation that he had been some what annoyed at some strictures on his profession, and would reply to them to- night. He appears again to-night, for the last time, the excellent programme being given in the advertisement in another column, MR. WYBERT REEVE. On Monday evening Mr. Wybert Reeve will make his first appearance in Hobart as Count Fosco in The woman in White. Mr. Reeve was born in London, 1831, and entered the dramatic profession at Bradford, Yorkshire, in [1848, playing the part of Frederick in The Wonder. Afterwards he joined the York circuit, appearing in various juvenile leading parts, is Azael, Sir T. Clifford, etc. In 1912, at Plymouth, he produced his first dramatic piece, a farce, entitled An Australian Jloax. In 1855 he joined the Bath and Bristol company. The same year he wrote and produced a farce entitled, Supper Gratis, acted during the summer months in Mr. lloxby'a circuit. In 1837 Mr. Reeve became a member of the Theatre Royal, Manchester, company, with whom he acted for four consecutive seasons, as light and eccentric comedian. During this engagement, he produced a comedietta entitled A Match for a Mother-in-Law, and was also part author of the successful pantomime 011 titled Blue Beard. On leaving Manchester to enter upon the management of the Cardiff, and subsequently of the Swansea and Ryde Theatres, Mr. Reeve was presented with a testimonial by his professional colleagues of the Theatre Royal in 1862 he managed the Theatre Royal, Sheffield, under the leadership of Mr. Charles Pitt, a position which Mr. Reeves resigned in 1868, for the pur pose of opening the New South Shields Theatre. In 1867 he became lessee of the Theatre Royal, Sugar borough, of which, however, he has now (1870) ceased to be proprietor. At Sheffield he produced Pike O'Callaghan, an Irish two and piece, which was afterwards played in London at the Surrey Theatre ; a three-act comedy, Not So Bad After All and the th leo successful pantomime entitled 77ia Dragon of Wantley, Robinson Crusoe, and Little Red Riding Hood, of which pieces he is author. He made his first appearance on the London stage, October 1869, at the Lyceum Theatre, as John Mildmay in Still Waters Run Deep, " Mr. Reeve possesses the necessary qualifications to render his assumption of John Mildmay essentially popular-a pleasing physique, deep sonorous voice, distinct enunciation, gentlemanly self-possession of no common order, and a thorough knowledge of stage business ; all are brought to bear in his representation, the result being a genuine and well deserved success."-[SlumlarU, October 1869.) Subsequently Mr. Reeve produced and appeared in his comedies of inferior Last, and A'oi So flail After All at the Charing Cross Theatre, with success. In 1871 (after playing in the provinces) he returns I to London and appeared at the Olympic Theatre as Walter.Hanwright, on the production of Wilkie Collins'' play The Woman in White. Shortly afterwards, during Mr. George Vining's dances, Mr. Reeve sustained the part of F0300 in the same play, and so satisfactorily, that he has since performed this character more than fifteen hundred times in various cities of the United King- born, Camilla, and the United States of America, and, more recently (1878-9) in the Australian colonies. His performance of this part in New York was noticed in the following terms in the New York Tribune:-" Mr. Reeve's intellect is, manifestly, of an alert order, compact, vital, sympathetic, and fed by a vigorous imagination. His voice is fresh and bright ; his individuality is unique and pleasing ; his burning is notably refined and very agreeable. He used no stage tricks to entrap attention, line, in a mood of quiet power and skilful precision, he embodied the character and lived it out through its experience. He had not been five minutes on the stage before, the presence was felt of an original nature, and a dramatic artist of the boat r-uhool-bee.iuao the school of simplicity." Mr. Wybert Reeve is a member of the Dramatic Authors' Society. He has written, among other pieces, Never Reckon Your Chkkeni, etc., a farce performed at the Olympic Theatre, and received with much favour; Parted, a four-act comedy-drama The Better Angel, a form not play and a piece of entitled I Love You ; and he has also produced dr.uintÍ3ntioi.s of George Gash and Are A'iiwi', the latter made at the request of Mr. Wilkie Collins (the author (if the novel). 