_ II0MM. P ARTNERS : A TRUE STORY. BY A COUNTRY ATTORNEY. CHAPTER XII.— (Co, ilin ued.\ Hum ! | thought [Puffy ; ' this is very polite ; too infernally polite, altogether ; she must suspoot something* j at all evonta/.it is | oloar the game* is up with her.'* 'Mr. Jaffy tvm uneasy. He got up and examined his^ ledger, but, apparently, found nothing satisfactory in tho shape of a solution of. iiis amioulty, for he'shut.^the book, with o* slam and a muttered curse. li That cursed account of Brown's must be squared some how,' he muttered ; 11 but ^ ^onL'fc know. Thero is not one of the other oustomers of tho bank that will look at such a rotten investment. My only t10.?0 wa9 ^rs* Hardgrove, and she has failed me. ? It^ is too bad. There must bo some oursed friend or another who has ad vised her against it. Hang her ! I thought sho would ;;have trusted/ me, and to go and take some sneaking- outsider's, advice about it ! 'Well, one never can depend upon those infernal women ; ' and Mr. Puffy i stamped his foot, and oursed Mrs. fiard grovoj as if he really had good grounds for thinkingthathejhad suffered aporsonal wrong, because that lady would not allow herself to be Swindled by him. Mr. Puffy waa, un questionably, in a fix. He required £2000 to square Brown's account ; and ho had only about £1000 of his own to do it with. This amount was as rtiucb as /he could raise, by Btraining, to the ? utmost, his resources of a legitimate nature. The most of tho money he had made was invested in somo fabu lously rioh quartz reef, which had not, as yet, dono any good ; and tho shares of which wero, at present, almost valueless, from a variety of causes, inoidental lo quartz reefing. 41 To be gravelled for a paltry £1000,' he n-roaned ifc is enough to moke a man dishonest. Mr. Puffy Was UIlCOtlRmnna'n'f fin vino- nnv. thing funny here. Ho really meant itt Ho was ? iij such an awful funk, that ho really thought that honesty and his own Balvation, out of this 'this particular difficulty were synonymous tenns. _ This^ is often the way with men of intense practicalness, They think themselves the hub of creation, , and have not sufficient imagination to picture the result of any aotion except in the light of their own interests. But amidst the sombre cogitations of the unhappy banker^ a ray of light seemed ' at length to struggle through the mental darkness. An idea had evidently struck him, % for he left the .bank, C and, putting on his ?. most degagi air, strolled' leisurely into the ^Commercial Hotel. After haying a drink with the landlord, Mr. Slogging, and discussing tho weather, ?, PriG0 of fat stook, the inorease of -the rabbit plague, &o.;, &o.;, he said, oasually : ' By the way, Sloggins, do you remember my mentioning to you about having made a sort of puzzle on a bit of paper iu Hooky'a ? office the other day ?' ' Oh I yes, distinctly,' said Sloggins* l u-Dec you cioa fc remembor wluit it was, and what it was done on.' ' Bet you drinks I do — come!' 'Well, what was.it ?' 'Is it abetf' ' Oh, yes.' ' You marked,' said Sloggins, slowly, as he proceeded to illuatrato the matter with a bit of penoil on the margin of the Shottm Advertiser, 'you marked on ono of Hooky's gomjeaor^nofo ^ ^ forma the date, thus: Woll, by Jove !' said Puffy, « I thought you wouldn't havo remembered it.' t The drinks were brought in,- and, after a little more general conversation, Mr, 'Puffy left. ^ He returned to the bank with a satisfied air, and about. 10 -d'dook that ? night he strolled, down- in the direction- of Hooky's office. , What took place between theso two ' worthies will appear further on. . CHAPTER XIII. When Jim Walker bddo adiou to Mrs. Hardgrove; or rather, ' aa' ho said, himself (wlion ho gallantly kisBod her hand in part ing) an revoir, it was liia intention to return i in a very short time, to oneo more bask in the smiles of his mistress. In tho moan time he requested his friond Parchmont, to arrango some of his papors, _ arid pay all his accounts, and generally make preparations for his approaomng doparture. Thus it happohod that Parchmont was in Walkor's ofllco on tho night that Mr. Puffy trasi in searoh of Hooky. Ho had just ? ' finished his work whon the clock struck cloven. Whon ho put tho light out ho mado for tho door, at tho same timo fooling in his pocket for the key. ? As tho key was not in his pooket, it. is noodless to say that ho soarcliod in vain. He thon soughtfor a matoh, \- but found to his disgust that ho had not got. -one. Then commanded a painful quest, in tho.dark, for the key whioh ho had a sort of improssion, was on tho' table among some , papers. Turning round, ho made a beo line . for tho chair ho had just vacated, with a step ' as confident and assured as if ho wero strol ling round tho Eastern Market, under tho six electric lights which illuminato that paradiso \- ? of cheap Johns. ' ? It is worthy of remark that/ under Buoh circumstances, one invariably goes in a aireo , tion diametrically opposite to that which ono intonds to go. Mr. Parchmont was convinced that tho table, with tho koy on it, lay about ^ jiorth-east by north. ?As a matter of course, ho marched boldly sou-sou-weBt by half south ;. and coming , plump on to the Btand which hold the .copy ing press; knocked it' and- tho wator bottle * over, with a crash - that made ' Mrs. Brown, ? who was slooping soundly noxt door, jump up ? , ' in bod with her hair standing von end, under tho impression that tho -Kollys wore about. Jtr. Parchmont waa not inuoh giyen to pro ? lonity, but ho felt en irrojiutiblo impulso to swear. It is duo to liiin, howevor, to say that ho compromised tho matter by simply ejaculating : 'thunder!' Parchment ? stood for a moment to collect his thoughts, wliilo ho rubbod his _ bump o£ locality, to obtain an inspiration as to his whereabouts. He had a vague idea that w{iou ho was sitting at tho table tho window was in front of him, and tho copying press to his right. Ho . was not quite sure about this, but boing of a buoyant and impulsive nature, ho acted upon his improssion as if it wore a certainty. ' It is very clear,' Baid ho, ' that if the copying press is hero, tho table must bo over there.' This was, no doubt, a perfeotly corroet inference to'make, and if tho promiBos had been faultless, tho deduction would havo had tho logical appositeneas of a truo syllogism. ' I am here,' said Mr. Parch mont ' therefore tho tablo must bo ,ovor thoro.' Tho major premise was correct, but tho minor was evidently imperfect, for tho conclusion of tho syllogism landed Mr. Parchment's hoad through . ono of the window panes. For tho first timo durin' this trying scone Tom Parchment used a very big D, but under tho oiroumstances, he may plead justification. Whilo his head was outside, and he felt the invigonating offeots of tho cool Sloouinian nijilit air. Tom had serious thoughts of ending his difficulties by shouting, ore rotunda : — ' Ring- thp alarm-bell. Murder and treason I Banquo aud Donalbain !' but reflecting that the room was only about fifteen feet Bquare, ho determined to mako anothor offort to find that koy — or, at least, tho tablo. To guard against any further mishaps, ho determined to circumnavigate the room, in order to fix tho positions of the door and window and any other, land mark that would be useful. Aecprdinglv ho put his hand carefully along lie wall, und felt his way round to the left, Knocking ovor a olook and an ink-bottlo in his progress. Thus cautiously advancing, he hiid nearly completed tho oirouit of the room when a fresh catastrophe happened. Ho had' forgotten all about the oopying press until ho was forcibly reminded of its exist ence by tumbling over it a second time where the floor had been -rendered slippery by tho upsetting of the water- bottle. As he fell this tijno, he begau a series of foroible remarks, and making a wild grab at the wall to Bave himself, he Bucceeded iu bringing down on the top of his head a map of tho world whioh adorned the offioe. It must have been a very rotton map, for Tom's hoad went right throngh it, and came out about tho Sarprasua Sea, in the North Atlantio Ocean, somewhere botween the Gulf of Moxioo and tho .Straits of Gib raltar. In the interests of truth wo must nOw acknowledge, that Tom's aversion to strong language fairly : broke i down. Ho swore, as the Frenoh say, long and large. Whilo his head was still through the map he reaohod ouMbis loft hand, and blasphemed right down tho American continent from Aldska in tho North, to Cape Horn in tho south ;? then stretohing out his right hand he distributed a stream of mild profanity, from. Siberia right through the Desert of Gobi, aoroas Chinese Tartary, over tho Phillipino Islands, New Guinea, Queensland, Now South Wales and as he finished at Mel bourne his hand struok — the key he was looking for, whioh was in the door all the timo. Now this adventure of Tom Palrohment, although it was very annoying at tho time, turned out, as it happened, a vory fortunate circumstanoe. If it had not been for tho delay thus oausedho would have been out of Walker's office a quarter of an hour before. As it was he was just preparing to go out when he heard the familiar voice of Puffy outside talking to someone, who it turned out was Hooky. They were going into Hooky's office and a kind of instinct told Parchment that this mysterious conjunction of two suoh bright particular stars boded evil ' to somebody. Ho therefore remained perfectly quiet, and presently he heard tho striking of a matoh, whilo a stream of light broke through a ventilator in the wall , between the two offices, whioh had hithorto been concealed by the map, tho downfall of whioh had been tho cause of so ' much ouraing. Tom Paroliment was the bouI of honour,- but he considered himself quite justified in ondeavouring to find out what tho two oorispirators wero about ; he therefore used tho knowledge of looality acquired by h is late investigations to put bis back under the table, and, after the expenditure of an infinite deal of patienoe, iio plaood it, noiselessly, olose against the wall, underneath the ventilator ; and, mounting upon it, he could look into the next room, and see and hear all that was going on. ' CHAPTER XIV. Tom Paeoiiment, from his. coigne of rentage, could boo distinctly everything in Sooky's ofllco. It was very evidont that thoro was an uncomfortable foeling of con straint betweon tho two mon. Silas Hooky had the appearance of a man who antioipated an impending ovil j whilo Puffy was attempt ing to assume the r6le of one perfectly at his ease, whilo ho was constrainedly norrous, and spasmodically jolly — or at least loud. ' You will pardon me, Mr. Puffy,' said tho lawyer; ' if I fail to understand the drift of your remarks whioh, to say the least, are iu questionable taste.' ' You don't liko them,' said Puffy, drily. ' I don't like them, and I don't under stand them,' retorted Hooky, savagolyj ' and let mo toll you, oiico for all, that I mil not submit to this assumption of superiority on your part, which I look upon as an importinenoo.' ' Lardy dah 1' said Puffy. There was a savage gleam in tho lawyer's eyes, as he half rose from his.chair, apparently with the intention of seizing his companion by the throat. Howovor,- he conquered his impulso, and sat down again j but tho banker loBfc his nonchalant air, arid his colour at the same time. Ho had- evi dently gone too far, and he appeared to oome to the conclusion that Hooky was not a man to be trifled with. Tho men wero taking eaoh other's measure.' , After a moment's silence the lawyer said, ' If you will oeaso your hints and innuendoes, and state plainly what you want me to do, it will, porhapa, be better for both of ub.' ' I only want you to do, for our mutual benefit, what you have already done for yoni own,' said Pufiy. ' That is— f interjeoted the lawyer, im patiently. ' Forge I' Baid Puffy, in a low tone. -; Oh 1' exolaimed Hooky, 'you do me too mnoh honour,' arid he leant bask in hia ohair with tho easy air of a man who had jnst discovered the point of a joke whioh had hitherto esoap'ed nim. ' And so von think that among my mani fold aooomplishments I am fool enongh to inolttdo that of the forger, eh F' 'Look hijre, Hooky, let us ' drop this and come to business,' said the banker, shortly. 'Prooeed, my friend,- prooeed,' aaid Hooky ; ' unfold your soheme to the atten tive, ears of yours trnly. I admire your impertinonoe.: I always know you wore a rogue. I am oonsoioug that I am not immaoulato myself: but I did not think before that you wero a fool; and I was oertainly unaware that I had given you reason to think that I was one. But go on, go on, I am all attention. Whose, namo am I to forgo, pray, for our mutual benofit, ha ! ha! very good! for oar' mutual benofit, ho I. ho !—' what ft ooiaor of : phrases, yog. ate, Puffy.'. ' V ? Thebankorbit his lip impatiently, while j tho lawyer was indulging in his untimely merriment — whioh had a somewhat false ring about it. Hooky langhed, but the l.-iughter was forced. It did not spring spontaneously from a joound heart, or ' a tickled imagination. It was a stago langh, and oarried with it hardly ovon tho ghost of merriment. Suoh as it was, however, the lawyer suddenly coasod his assumed mirth, and bringing hiB jaws togo'thor with a snap, turned an onquiringlook upon his companion. ' What do you mean by saying, oriuniouat ing rather, that I havo oommitted forgery,' he suddenly enquired. ? 'J simply moan,' replied tho banker, ' that I know you havo dono it ; that I oan prove you havo dono it ; but tbat I think it will suit mo bettor. to work with you, rather than against you.' 'In other words,' said Hooky, 'you think you have a hold on mo, and that you will graciously permit mo to become your oaf's-paw.' ' Wo shallsharo equally,' said the banker. ' In tho profits ?' queried Hooky. - Tho banker nodded assent. ' And the risks f' persisted the lawyer. . Paffy smiled in a deprecating fashion, that ho had acquired by lont; linbit of doing .unpleasant things in as pleasant a mannor as poBsiblo. ' Supposing I refuse,' said Hooky. ' I should explain to you, that it would bo hotter to reconsider your vii tuous resolu tion,' said Puffy. 'Well then explain at once, fori emphati cally dpcline to commit a orinia for tho sako of onriohing you.' ? ' And yourself,' interjected Puffy. ' Possibly,' said Hooky, but let me (hear your reasons for supposing that I am oapablo of the crime, in the results of whioh you are willing to sharo.', ' I know, for instance, that you forged John Thorn's name to a promissory noto for £500.' . 'And supposing I said- you lied in making such a statement — what then?' ' Then, I should simply say that your ob servation was more vigorous than oorreot,' roplied Puffy — 'but let mo explain;' and, hereupon'^ Puffy unfoldod to tho lawyer tho means by whioh ho had become possessed of his secret. Hooky listened to 'the narration with a.oountenance in which the varying shadeB of oontemptuona incredulity gave way to tho conviction gradually forced upon him, that the ohain of ovidenoo wus complete. However, he.waa not a man to yield without a struggle. He returned onco more to the ohorgo. ' All this may be perfeotly correct,' Baid he ; ' and yet, as I deny tho charge, it may only tend to prove that I havo been the viotim of a base conspiracy. What was to prevent you from making tnoso hieroglyphics upon whioh you plaoo so muoh stress, after the bill came into your hands as woll as before it left my office ?' 'Certainly, thero is something iu that; aud, if it wore only a question of your oath against mine, I suppose tho ono is as good, or as bad as the othor ; but the whole sur roundings of tho caso are shady, and tho transaction will not bear investigation ; more over, I can bring a witness to prove that before the bill was known to bo in existence, I had made these marks upon a blank form in your offioe.' . ' {To he continued.) 