THE ABDUCTED. 'Was it that Mina was a fine lady, with nothing to do, and Phoebe a poor man's wife, up early and late, and seldom able to sit down for half an hour idle from morning till night. But on those rare occasions, when Phoebe's work was done, the hearth swept, the little kitchen tidied up, and the kettle, with its 'singing for the million,' on the bright fire, when Jack's tea was set out, and the hot cake was baked and buttered, and Phoebe could sit down for a few minutes, then an agonising grief, a passionate regret, a haunt ling memory, and a thousand distracting fears about the little one who had been 'the angel by the hearth,' the little friend, help, companion, daughter, would send the hot, gushing tears from Phoebe's clear hazel eyes, and a spasm would con tract her throat, and a tempest agitate her motherly bosom, and she would throw her clean, white apron over her head and face and indulge herself in the luxury of 'a regular good cry.' And Jack, when he came in and found 'the missus troubling,' knew it was about Mary, and did not presume to scold or reproach her, as he would have done his first weak-spirited wife, but tried to com fort her, and took her in his arms and praised and blessed her for the good wife she had been to him, and wiped her eyes and pillowed her head on his broad breast in its fustian jacket, and prophesied that no real harm could come to such an angel as little Mary; and when at that name Phoebe burst out weeping and sobbing afresh, poor Jack, sob bing too, would say, ' You've got me left, Phoebe, darling wife! so don't fret and, mourn as one with out hope. Dont'ee., or I might be tooked bad, and die like Jerry Giles; that 'ud be worse still, wouldn't it, Phoebe ? Am I not more to thee than many daughters ?' And Phoebe would kiss him, and hug him up, and tel him he was more to her than all the world, and dry her eyes and try to smile, and then they would spend a happy evening together, Phoebe mending Jack's clothes, and Jack reading to her out of the Bible such parts as he thought most likely to comfort her in the great grief which he knew lay at the bottom of her heart as it did of his. His choice, poor fellow, was not a very wise one. It often renewed the grief it sought to heal; but he did his best, and poor Phoebe loved him and blessed him in her honest heart. Mary was all the dearer to this simple couple, because they had had no child born to them since that first infant, whose place had been so provi dentially supplied by the foundling from Wood hurst Court. Mina, pale, wan, shadowy, was once more able to get about, and often did she avail herself of this return of strength to call at Phoebe's cottage when Jack was at work. Then, in spite of all the prohibitions Phoebe had received from Miss Tabby, Aunt Bussel, and Aunt Lackaday, and even from Woodhurst of Woodhurst himself, she would allow Mina to lead her gradually and adroitly to talk of the virtues and beauty of little Mary. Every little anecdote of the angel-child's truth, tenderness, early piety, docility, and handy, helping ways, would be poured into Mina's willing ear. And then the rich heiress of Woodhurst Court, and the poor cottager, Phoebe Mayflower, would mingle their tears, and exchange opinions and conjectures as to what could have prompted any one to carry off the little helpless, friendless, penniless girl, and who it could have been, and how it was effected. Phoebe had had her mother, a very superstitious old Welsh woman, staying on a visit to her, and this aged gossip, who had been an under-house- maid at the Court in her girlhood (that is to say, in the time of the father of the present Woodhurst of Woodhurst Court, and before the smash, and that father's downfall), was well up in all the ghostly traditions of the place; and she, after she had heard the whole story of Mary's strange arrival at the Court, and her more strange abduc tion from the cottage, and had slept upon it, and dreamed about it (after a good hot potation), announced it as her opinion that Mary had been spirited away, and that the Ghost of the Blue Chamber was at the bottom of it all. Mina had no patience with what she considered gross superstition and senile folly, but Phoebe and Jack were not so incredulous. Jack even went so far as to declare that one night, as he had occasion to go round to the Haunted Wing, to look for a seedman's bill which he thought he had dropped while pruning a westena that grew against the wall, he had suddenly raised his eyes to the window of the Blue Chamber! and had seen not only a light, but the figure of the Ghost of the Blue Chamber, with his long, curly hair, pale, frowning face, old court-suit, and gash across his throat, standing at that very window, looking at the moon, which said ' Jack.' 'How I got home I never knew, but I know I set off as if my ver 'life wor at stake, and that when I got home to Phoebe here, as she can tell you, all in a cold sweat, and shaking in every limb, she said, says she to me, "Why. Joe, you looks for all the world as if you had seem a ghost," and she worn't far out, and I holds with mother-in- lor, and I does begin to think that little Mary has been sperited away, and that the Ghost of the Blue Chamber is at the bottom of it.' Ladybird was very sorry when she heard of the mysterious disappearance of Mary, and she felt deeply for poor Mina in her double grief— that of the loss of her early friend, Oswald Egerton, whom Ladybird suspected she loved, and of her little protege, to whom she was so much attached. Ladybird, too, as a mother, trembled at the thought that her own and only darling, her little Frank, might have been carried off instead of Mary, and constant and vigilant was the watch the young mother kept over her heart's darling. Gaspar Mountjoy was now an almost constant visitor at Woodhurst, not always staying at the Court, but dividing his time between that place and a small villa he had taken at Woodhurstville, for that was the pretentious name now given to that little inlet of the sea about half a mile from Woodhurst Court, and where at one time only one fishing-hut was seen. Sea-air, sea- bathing, and entire seclusion, for the pursuit of his studies, were the motives Gaspar Mountjoy gave for taking this little bachelor abode. But he had other and greater reasons, which Aunt Bussel, with that want of tact which springs from the want of delicacy and good feel ing, was resolved to discover! and as Wood hurst of Woodhurst had obtained Mr. Bussel an appointment in London, and therefore their visits to the Court were 'few and far be tween,' she resolved, while she was on the spot, to make the best of her time, and not, as she said, 'let the grass grow under her feet.' Old Bussel was more fat, more meek, more good- natured, and more henpecked than when first we introduced him to our readers. Mrs. Bussel was thinner, more angular, more shrill, and more of a vixen than ever. Mrs. Lackaday was a more confirmed sloth, and now lived entirely at Woodhurst Court, where nothing roused, disturbed, or discomposed her but the pranks of little Frank, Ladybird's beautiful, spoilt, petted boy, who had inherited the laughing eyes, golden locks, and captivating mouth of Lady bird herself. Mrs. Bussel, who was a great spy and a great scandal-monger, had always had a notion that Gaspar Mountjoy was in love with Ladybird, and she told her sister Lackaday that, though Lady bird had, out of a spirit of contradiction married Mr. Morris, yet she thought she was very much disposed to flirt with Gaspar now she was a married woman, and added, that she had accepted some very handsome presents, which it would have been more dutiful in Gaspar to have presented to his aunts. Mrs. Lackaday rather liked gossip and scandal — very idle people generally do — and she listened and nodded while Mrs. Bussel vowed that she was resolved to get at the rights of it, and put Mr. Morris on his guard; but all was hushed up directly Aunt Tabby made her appearance, for Aunt Tabby was one of those dear, Christian women, who not only say no ill, and do no ill, but think no ill of their neighbours. Woodhurst of Woodhurst was become very fond of the society of his nephew Gaspar Mountjoy, and Gaspar knew exactly how to make himself agree ably to his uncle. Not only was he by this time a junior partner in the great City firm, of which Mr. Woodhurst was the head, and was able to consult with him, advise, speculate, and talk overscbemes for converting thousands into tens of thousands, but Gaspar had made a close study of heraldry. He was an antiquarian, an archaeologist, an historian, and had actually commenced a history of the Woodhurst family from the beginning, be fore ,the landing of the Romans, down to the present time. There was another thing in Gaspar Mountjoy which pleased old Woodhurst, and that was the devoted attention and kindness he lavished on Mina. Woodhurst of Woodhurst had always believed, in common with, all other members of the family, that Gaspar had been in love with Ladybird, and he thought that had he himself been the cousin of the two beauties, the smiles and frolic-graces of Ladybird would have captivated him much more than the pale and melancholy beauty of the silent Mina; but this very preference, which Mr. Wood- hurst believed Gaspar felt for his lovely cousin, made him value and admire still more the untiring devotion of his conduct to the suffering, sorrowing Mina. Mournful and melancholy as Mina was, her father felt she would have been ten times more so but for the attentions of her gifted Gaspar, who had always some new story, some beautiful poem to read, some exquisite drawing to show her, or would patiently beg and pray till he induced her to ride, drive, or walk with him. At all hours Gaspar was at Mina's service, and could Mr. Woodhurst have forgotten the earl, who had kept up a friendly and most interesting cor respondence with him, he could almost have wished — but no, Gaspar was a hunchback,— lame too; his father was only an illegitimate scion of the House of Mountjoy. No, that would never have done for his queen-like Mina; and who could tell? The earl was still single. There was a talk of his coming home! Mina had survived the death of Oswald Egerton. Certainly life and reason had at one time been despaired of, but she had survived — she had not lost her sweet senses. Gaspar had been a brother, more than brother to her. He had compelled her to turn from the past, and to admit new thoughts, new images into her wounded heart and distracted mind. Who could tell, might he not, after all, see a coronet on her brow! Might he not, after all, hail his Mina Countess of Beaudesert! CHAPTER XVI. The called me blue-eyed Mary When friends and fortune smiled. But, ah, how fortunes vary, I'm now called Sorrow's child. — OLD BALLAD. We Sust now turn to Mary, and inquire what has really befallen that beloved, loving, and lovely little girl, and what truth there was in the various surmises and guesses concerning her. In the first place, then, the London detective, Meadows, was so far right that she had been carried off in a sleep unusually sound even for a child of her tender years, and that, too, by a woman, who had been secreted during a great part of the day, and some hours of the night, in the large dark closet in Mary's little room. So far, the detective Meadows was right, and Jack Mayflower was wrong. The Ghost of the Blue Boom had nothing at all to do with it. Again, the detective was right in his suggestion that the window was opened solely to mislead. The woman who had narrowly observed the simple fastening of the cottage-door by day had waited till Phoebe and her husband were fast asleep — fast asleep, as those are who rise early and work hard — she had then thrust Mary's neat little bundle of clothes into a very large bag, popped in her small hobnailed-shoes and stockings, wrapped the little sleeping cherub in a large cloak (all by the light of the full moon that streamed into the little room), and then she had hurried down-stairs, out of the little garden-gate, up a green lane, and to a wild corner of the furze- tufted common, where a mugger's cart awaited her. Two ill-looking men hailed her with, the words, 'Hollo! Moonlight Meg, have yon nabbed the kid?' 'All's safe, it's under my cloak,' said Moonlight Meg. 'Why don't ye dowse the glim? Has Daisy had a good feed? Lend a hand here, whilst I gets into the van with the child, and then push along a good 'un. Don't spare Daisy. If we catch the up-train, all's safe, and you and Mad Mike can come back to your old station for a few days, and no one know you've ever stirred.' 'When are we to handle the shiners, Meg?' asked Jawing Jem. 'Not till we are on board the Sairey Sands with the kid,' said Moonlight Meg. 'We're to have the half then, and the other half when we lands at Sydney.' 'But wouldn't he have paid double if we'd put the kid out 'o the way for him entirely? asked Jem.' 'Very like he might, but I hadn't the heart to do it. She've got a look 'o my poor little dear Bessie; and she gave the childer all her little dinner that she was taking to the school with her, and went without herself!' 'And so,' said Jawing Jem, 'by giving away her dinner she've saved her bacon. Well, it's no odds to me; it's your job, this is, not mine. So if you makes a mull of it, it's your look-out; — and now, I don't want to put your monkey up, old gal, quite t'other; this may be a good spec., but let me give you one word of advice. Till you've got the kid safe on board the Sairey Sands, don't you let a drop o' liquor pass your lips. If you puts a thief in your mouth to steal away your brains, as I heard a feller they called a temp'ranee orator say, this scheme 'll be knocked on the 'ead, just like so many others, through the same think.' 'You hold your jaw, can't you?' said Meg. 'You're a fine one to preach, you are — you as is dead drunk half your time, and screwed t'other. I knows what I'm about. I shan't touch a drop till all's safe.' 'I'd have made short work of it,' said Jem; 'and there would have been no fear of nothink. A knock on the head, a heavy stone or two round the neck, and a pitch into that ere river, and the chances are you never heard no more of she.' 'But I think she'll be very useful to us in many ways; she'll be company, and if we bring her up handy, she'll be a great help in them forrin parts,' said Moonlight Meg. 'Don't she sleep unnatural sound?' asked Jaw ing Jem. 'Don't she? I should think she do. I took care o' that. I give her a lollypop that I knew would keep her eyes closed till we got to Lunnun at least.' While thus speaking Moonlight Meg had slipped on Mary's clothes, and over all had put a ragged, worn, old stuff coat. ' Don't you mean to clip the little filly's mane?' said the man. 'No, I'll tuck 'em up, and hide 'era under this old bonnet; but they're so like my poor Bessie's, I can't cut 'em off — so that's just what it is.' ' But I can,' said the man, seizing Mary's long golden curls with one hand, and a large coarse pair of shears-like scissors Meg wore, with the other. 'You touch 'em if you dare!' said the woman, snatching away the scissors, and hitting him a heavy blow on the head with them. 'Mind what you're about, or I'll tache ye,' growled the man. At this moment the mugger's van, or covered cart, stopped. 'Here we are, close upon the station,' said Mad Mike, who had been driving. 'Meg, you'd better get out here. I'll go with you, and get you a third-class ticket, and then you can slip in unbeknown, and, onst in Lunnun, you can slip out unbeknown too. So, if there's any in quiries at this here station when the kid's missed, nothing will be found out.' Mad Mike got the ticket, and the woman clambered up into a third-class carriage with Mary still fast asleep under her cloak. The muggers' covered cart returned across the moonlit common to its old station at the end of the green lane. The train went rapidly on. The moonlight began to wane, the air grew very cold, the esy was dark. It is always cold and dark just before dawn. By degrees there came out a few faint streaks of light in the east; they spread into a vast expanse of light grey, which, by degrees, deepened into 'celestial, rosy red;' then this red veil seemed to be withdrawn, and golden and orange hangings to shroud the chambers of the sun; presently they, too, were drawn aside, and the golden God of Day — the glorious sun — looked forth upon a sleeping world. Everything seemed bright and smiling in the floods of yellow light. The lark sprang up into the sunny sky. The daisies looked with their yellow faces from out of their white- frilled night-caps. Every spire was turned to gold — every hill-top wore a topaz crown. The cocks began to crow, the sheep to bleat, the cattle to low, the ducks to cackle, and the geese to hiss. Blue smoke began to issue from cottage chimneys, dogs to bark, labourers to go forth to their toil, and the moon, pale, worn, shrunken, and out of place, appeared like an actress by daylight, and hid herself away. Yes, it was morning, and in spite of the strong opiate which Moonlight Meg had administered to Mary, in the shape of a lollypop, as she came home from school, the child, accustomed to rise with the sun and the lark, stirred, rubbed her eyes, moved uneasily, murmured the words mammy and daddy, and then went off again into a deep, opiatic sleep. On went the swift train — on, on, on! — some times through dark tunnels, smelling like vaults, not very pleasant to those with bad consciences and engaged in dark deeds like Moonlight Meg, then emerging into fresh scenes of pastoral beauty, green hills or rich lowlands, across blue moors and past hamlets, where the little cottages seemed to gather round the old time-worn church, with its spire pointing to heaven, like children kneeling around an old grandsire who was telling of the better land to which he was pointing and hastening. Moonlight Meg, as the morning wore on, grew very hungry and very ' dry' to use her own ex pression, but she never stirred from the corner she had chosen, nor exchanged a word with any fellow traveller. At length, towards noon, the beautiful country was exchanged for an almost continuous array of houses or building grounds, the air had lost its balmy freshness, wild flowers, and the milky breath of cows no longer perfumed it. A smell of mortar, gas, smoke tainted the breeze; on one side huge breweries sent up their clouds of dense steam redolent cf malt and hops; on the other, manufactories of different kinds blackened the sky with their smoke. Moonlight Meg beheld a dark mass in the dis tance, from which a dense vapour seemed to rise; by degrees countless spires grew distinct to her sight; the square, dark towers of old Westminster Abbey, the glittering pinnacles of the Houses of Parliament, the dome of St. Paul's, and hundreds of other churches became brightly visible. The train glides into a stupendous archway, vaulted, lofty, magnificent. Moonlight Meg and Mary have reached the Paddiagton Station. 