STRAY LEAVES. BY " THE GLEANED." "A uoble SÍUI expands above a little chaff." CODJI. THE Richmond Wesleyan Church is to be renovated-" a consummation devoutly to bo wished." THINGS were kinder seething at the Orange spree. Kentish fire predominated. IT is rumoured that we are likely to have a Protestant hall erected in our midst. It is to be hoped that the new edifice will be built according, to modern architecture-and with strict attention to acoustics. A good hall would be a blessing-if more than a score of people desire to enter one of the local halls at present, the paint has to be scraped off the walls in order to admit them. " Hang out your banners on the outward walls, the cry is still they come I" That's all very well-but hang it all, it's tinio we had something fresh in tbe shape of banners to lead ns on to glory. That gorgeous affair, having for its emblem " Long life to His Excellency," and executed by the oever-to be- forgotten Louis Lind, should for a spell be laid aside in lavender. We are not ones to hanker after new faces, but when anything confronts us at every turn, it is but natural that we should sigh for a change This ban ner does duty at all our shows-orange, benevolent, holy, and otherwise. THEBE ore ghosts down Wiseman's way. At any rate, there are »pirils-if ons moy judge by the balderdash that weekly appears in tbe Sausage-wrapper. SOME Colo yachtsmen were practising for the ensuing Hawkesbury Regatta on Sunday. The craft sped nlong quite marvellously, and w."B beautiful to behold-" skimming the water as a thing of life "-when suddenly she disappeared, leaving her crew floundering on the surfneo of the limpid stream, whose shimmering r.heen doth oft our hearts re joice. The shipwrecked mariners then pro ceeded to reach the beautiful shore-and as the clipper would not carry them o'er thu main, they reversed the order of things, and earned her-by main strength, hy jabers 1 l'on a genuine, pre-eminent, double breasted parody on the English language, commend nie to the report of the Oddfellows' banquet in lust week's Sausage- wrapper, lt if. the very acme of all that is distracting. (Jon Terpsichorean votaries are having a good time; fcv . THE circus people hare been rendering I things cheerful throughout the district this week. IF there is oue tbin¿ that more than, another retards our -perigrinations, it's. a packing-case. Our sidewalks abqnnd with them. They may act well as tip-top orna ments to embellish business-premises, or they may do very well for . the rag and famish'to exercise their deviltry, upon-but whep they" bar the way of pious persons who Beek for a' glorious hereafter they are truly . heart rending. Tarantera I WE are on the ere of the sudatory period. Throw up your hats. JEMMY Ashton's triumphal entry into Windsor on Wednesday caused a thrill to pervade the frame of every man, woman, aud magistrate this Bide of Paradise. Bob Bernard's jovial face was wreathed in smiles ; and the veteran, the hero of a hundred episodes, looked hale and hearty. THE Tyudall agony still ou. A party who 1 doesn't even know the first law of composi tion, and who has the faintest idea possible of his mother tongue, had the effrontery to condemn in his unmitigated rag the other day the effusion of our poet laureate. Idiot (we hurl it back) you are not .lt to tie his shoe- strings-he is a gentleman hy birth and education ; and a compo. of the first water. As we once before observed-" a wasp may sting a noble horse, the horse may wince, but still remains a horse." ÏHE fruit trees are blooming. Anodynes ate looming in the distance. UABROTTV CYRUS'S Windsor scribbler is getting facetious. Poor old buffer-we are truly sorry for him-we hope he won't have it long. SNAKES are around-so, look out. " THE Owls " still merit their exalted title. Tais week our hearts have been gladdened by the appearance in our midst of a circus ; a circus, mind you, not a one-horse show. The spirited proprietor, Mr. James Ashtou, is to be congratulated for introducing to us an entertainment of such high oider. It has been the custom hitherto for tin-pot show men to clap big priceB upon the bills, and to lower them immediately the crowd murmured. Respectable showmon will uot do this. Mr. Ashton says that his show is worth the advertised prices, and knowing this he will not deviate from his general rule if he doesn't get three people in. Regarding the per formance, it is par excelleifce. Young Mr. James Ashton, ns a bare-back rider is un rivalled. We recollect seeing Melville in this branch of the profession, but Mr. Ash ton, in our estimation, is far superior to bim ; in fact, he is the best we have seen, and we have seen them all. The voltigeurs are immense- Mr. Ashton also shines here ; bot you cau't put him astray in the arena. The Japs are good-real good. Little Master Ashton promises to be a star in the equestrian art. The petite MÍSB Ashton bids fair to become a talented equestrienne. Professor Pearce's dogs and monkeys are trained to perfection. The Btilt-fako,'though old, is a masterly performance. The ground and lofty tumbling is up to the mark. The inimitable Bob Bernard officiated as side splitter, in his proverbial ^ood taste. On each appearance here, everybody was satisfied with the bill of fare- and left for home radiant with joy. Lr you at any time desire to accelerate your movements whilst promenading, judt place one heel upon a pieco of orange rind, and if you dou't shoot out in twenty-five horse power comet fashion, call me the North Pole. But there is muck danger attached to this mode of locomotion-this being thus, let us beseech all orange-worriers-..io cast the peel into the gutters instead of upon the pavements-unless they desire to see an in quest or two. Doo poisoning is still epidemic. Ha ! TUE Timor was a source of much delight to the rag and famish whilst the circus was around. THE talent Btruck for a reduction in the prices of admission tp the circus on Wednes day night, and when - the thing wouldn't cums off they commenced to hurl personal remarks around. Allez houp la! ANOTHER war-Larry Foley's Novice aid Tho Tiger went for each other in Crowley's paddock on Thursday morning-amidst great excitement. it was a t-lnshing mill-The lig;r took the Novice down in one round and a-half. The wood-crowned heights around wore thronged with spectators, who watched tho encotin er with breathless interent. DENNY ESO. um IS has purchased the pub. known as the Hawkesbury Hotel, lt is ru moured that he is now in tr.-aty for Orion's belt. 