[?] Bx "Anxctto." Sheridan Knowles's fine play, " Virginias, was produced at the Theatre Royal on Satur day, Mr. Ffarlnna taking the' title role. The story of the hapless Virginia is one of. the most sadly interesting to ue louna in xne pages of classic history. It deals with some | of the most powerful of human emotions, j and appeals in the strongest maimer to the j best sympathies of an audience. Hence the j commonplace character of much of the j dialogue iB lost sight of in the interest of the ; story, whilst here and there are to be found j soattered gems of the purest poetry, which go far to redeem the other portions of the play, j Mr. Harkins is to be complimented on bis j representation of Virginias. In the earlier ; home scenes with Virginia, as the affectionate j father, proud and happy in the love ef his j beantifol child, hiB acting was simple, un- j affected, and truthful, and in striking eon- j trast with its energy and force in the camp i scene, where he first learns from Lnoius of j Virginia's danger. In the trial scene, before the tyrant Appius, at the Forum, Mr. Harkins j was effective and impressive ; and in the later, soenes he gave an effective and touohing representation of the mad Virginias, search- ing for the daughter wnom ins Dere« reason had forgotten he himself had sacrificed fib save her honour. The large audience showed their appreciation of the rendition by recalling Mr. Harkins at the end of each act. Pretty Alice Deorwyn, in the white simple robe of a Roman maiden, made a charming Virginia, and looked the character to the life, besides acting throughout with taste and discrimina tion. As her lover, Ioilius, Mr. Appleton played with his usual care and effectiveness. Mr. Jones gave a sufficiently ragged representa tion of the crabbed, though brave and honest, centurion, Dentatus ; and Mr. Douglas, as the tyrant Appius, deserved and obtained the detestation of the audience. Miss Flora Anstead played the small part of Servia, Virginia's nurse, commendably, and the rest of the characters were fairly represented. The play was well dressed and mounted, and the scenery, by Mr. John Hennings and assistants, was both striking and beautiful. On ThursdayandFriday Mr. Harking appeared as Shylock in "The Merchant of Venice." To-night (Saturday) the fourth change of character will be made, ' Macbeth" being cast for the occasion. Mr. Harkins will terminate ou season on r riaay, cne zain current. Herr Bandmann played Hamlet at the Opera-house on Saturday eveniog, with Miss Louise Beaudet as Ophelia, and Mr. Fairolough as the Ghost. Herr Bandmann has been before the public as, Hamlet for the last twenty-five years, and the leading critics in England, Germany, and America having set their s<-al to his performance as of the first order, his delineation has taken its place among the classical tra ditions of the English stage. As a conception of Shakspere's ideal, the repre sentation on Saturday evening was scholarly, keen, and accurate; but, through severe hoarseness, the actor could not always give dae effect to the physical execution of his intellectual conception. Nevertheless, the total result was such as to please Ghaka perean students. Of Miss Beaudet's Ophelia £ must speak in terms of unqualified praise, I have soarcety e\er aceu the part so well played b$tore At the close of the mad scene ; qhe was greeted with a storm of applause. An apology was made for her before the curtain ' rose, and the indulgence of the audience was craved, because she had been suffering from severe hoarseness. This, however, djdnot mar the perfection of her acting. Mr. Fair- slough spoke the part of the Ghost with deliberate' and careful enunoiatioc, and Mr. Cathcart made a fair Laertes, but the best of the subsidiary- charac ters wax the Polonius of Mr. Musgzave. A - funeral dirge was sung at Ophelia's grave, but it was badly done. The play was given again on Monday night, and was worth seeing as a standard type of what playgoers for the last twenty years have regarded as a scholarly conception of the Danish Prince. On Tuesday and Wednesday evenings, " Romeo and Juliet' ' was presented i on Thursday, " East Lynne ' and last night Miss Louise Beaudet took her benefit. The juvenile " Tambour Major" is still running its successful length at the Bijoti Theatre. All the children have got into an even groove of excellence. The opera sparkle . throughout with the light and pretty mqety and bright faces of the yonng performers, and culminates enthusiastically with, the entrance of the juvenile pageant, to. the stirring strains" of their own military band. There is no lack of spirit, ine whole entertainment being bright with animation and vivacity quite wonderful when we consider the youth of the actors, and through the whole company, from the dignified and stately abbess in the cloisters to the abandon of the tiny drummer-boy, there is an amount of spontaneity which indicates something more than mere training, and speaks well for the intelligence of the spjritely corps which Mrs. Lewis has got under her control. The Novelty Theatre, which has been christened anew" Hudson's Theatre," was re opened on Saturday evening by a very clever , band of performers, under the leadership of 'Mr. T. Hudson. For some couple1 of years the company has been travelling the pro vinces, the other colonies, and has penetrate as far as India, everywhere gaining opinions from their audiences, qud, even better than these, experience 'and knowledge of how l& plea Andthow to triake the ohm jbihM>io$i perfectly harmonious, so that the ehterieroru&xit; goes like a piece o! clockwork. The theatre was crowded on Saturday, and many persons had to stand throughout the performance. The oompany numbers about a dozen, and includes half a dozen young ladies attired in picturesque cos tumes, who are all clever in their re spective lines. Misses Burton, Norton, and Maven are agreeable and expressive ballad singers, the former having a oontralto voice of no mean compass. Miss V. de Gay is an accomplished violinist, and her siste$ S resides at " the piano with great skil. he opening portion of the entertainment was after the minstrel fype, with the excep tion that only th? corner . men, Messrs. 'HQd&on; (bones) »ad Holly (tambourine), ware M "cork." » A meely- arranged gramme was got through, Mr. Bromlby officiating as interlocutor. Amongst. other j itemsoh the prbgatnthe, I ; may specialty hote a violin and piano duet by the sistersl De Gay, Hudson and Holly's terpsiohoreao 1 feats, and a triple American sand jig- by | Messrs. H. and E. Ward and Cottier. Mr. I Forrester introduced his successful polyphonic entertainment to the entire satisfaction of the j audience, who throughout the evening were j liberal with their applause. The performance | concluded with a most amusing burlesque. It is tp be hoped the company will have a steady run. 1 Mr. F. Maccabe, the well-known ventrilo- J | quist .mimic, vocalist, and character de- j ; lineator, and whose entertainment, " Begone, I I Dull Care," is next to " Pinafore," " Our j | Boys," and one or two other such cosmopqli- I tan works, more within the knowledge <of I theatre-goers than any other, will make his first j appearance in this city at the Town-hall this | (Saturday) evening. Whether the full effect I of his talented delineations will be manifested in a building of such dimensions as the Town- I hall is a matter to me of some doubt ; but, in j any case, he will subsequently take lip bis j quarters at St. George's-hall, where I mil engage he will be seen to the same advantage as at home and in the United States. It "must be remembered that in his particular | line, Mr. Maccabe stands unrivalled. j 