OUR FORTNIGH'ILY SUMMARY. Our Fortnightly SGummary for Iransmis. lion lo Europe by the English Mail per R.M.SS. Brindisi, which closes at 8"30 a.m. on Tuesday, 15th March, will be published ono MONDAY MORNING. Persons requiring copies will oblige by forwarding orders. MINISTERIAL.- We understand that the Hon.C.O'Reilly, Minister ofLands,does not for intend to return to Launceston after com.- of pleting his trip through the North-Eastern districts. He was to reach Fingal yester- lee day, and intends to visit the new tin field, to near Ben Lomond, and will catch the ex- th press at the Corners this afternoon, and we proceed to Hobart. DISTRIBUTIoN o0 AWARDS AT TIlE 1MEL- ths BOURNE ExuzsrrITIO. - The Tasmanian M Commissioners have received special in- so vitations to be present at the ceremony of th the distribution of awards at the Mel- wl bourne International Exhibition on Tues- " day, 22nd inst. nt ACCIDENT.-A lad named Albert Tan- w cock was taken to the General Hospital tl yesterday, suffering from a broken arm. bt The boy is a resident of -Nine-Mile fo Springs, and on the previous day fell over a log there and sustained the injury men- F tioned. The arm was set, and he left \7 the institution. m DEATII AT THE HOSPITAL.- A man sl named William Jones died at the Hospi- e' tal a few days ago from the effects of ni injuries received at Piper River. The be deceased was employed at the Bangor e' Slate Quarry, and whilst crossing the log \ which is used as a bridge over the Piper, ci he slipped and fell into the river. He T felt none the worse for the accident for it some days and came up to town, when o he became ill and was admitted to the sa General Hospital, and died three days as after he had entered the institution. C The cause of death is described as peri tonitis. D A DoLL SIIow.-A rather novel idea i in the way of exhibitions is a doll show, c which was opened in Melbourne on Tues day by his Excellency the Governor. It C was held in the Town Hall, and was in s aid of the funds for the Asylum and f, School for the Blind, and the Essendon ii and Flemington -Institute. The dolls n shown were models of characters in v history,romance and life, and prizes were b r offered up to as high as £25 for the best I group, and also prizes for individual i figures, models of dolls' houses and dolls' , furniture. The best exhibits, which were t e in wax, were " Othello and Desdemona," v " Marie Antoinette," "The Duchess of a Gainsborough " (declared to be a splendid a exhibit), and " Queen Elizabeth," but a o the prize-takers altogether only form ac small proportion of the exhibitors, who a were exceedingly numerous, and whose f works of art, as .a rule, were very credit- f able. The show has proved a great 1 success so far, and it is expected the e returns will be very satisfactory. e THE COofMISSIONER'S MOVEMENTS.- I The Commissioner of Goldfields, Bernard Shaw, Esq., will leave town on Monday for Nine-Mile Springs, where he will give instructions to the surveyor about e laying out the new township of Lefroy. i He then proceeds to George Town where the usual monthly Court of Requests and Petty Sessions will be held on Tuesday. I On Wednesday Mr Shaw goes to Beacons field, where he will hold a Court of Gold Sfields and the monthly Court of Requests 11 and Petty Sessions. e MEDICAL.-We understand that Dr. e Lavington Grey Thompson, who returned to his native town about three months ago o with very high testimonials from Eng- 1 land, has been appointed Surgeon Super intendent of the General Hospital at ,I Ipswich, Queensland. Ipswich is situate it about 20 miles west of Brisbane, on the o River Bremer, and is the second town in ,t the colony, possessing a population of :r nearly 10,000. Dr. Thompson has had 3 more than one offer to commence practice r in Tasmania, but prefers to obtain a few d years' experience in a larger colony before e settling down here. t RECEIVED.-The Illustrated Australian a News contains sketches representing r the recent torpedo accident at Queens n cliff, views at the Botanic Gardens, St. n Valentine's day at Melbourne Post-office, 0 the Warrnambool potato harvest, etc. An imaginative sketch, " The Ghost Track," by S. T. Gill, representing a d bushman who has lost his way, is an ex d ceedingly good one, but the engraving 3- showing Arthur's Pass, on the road ? from Christchurch to Hokitika, N.Z., a fails to convey an adequate idea of the , magestic grandeur of the scene. Tickle's r. Colonial Export Journal and Trade Re ;h view is also to hand. CAMPBELL TowN RACE.--In the list of nominations for the Flying Handicap, ie published in our issue of yesterday, the 70 name of Mr C. S. Agnew's b g Pyrrhus was omitted. of THE LEADING TowEss.-The members Id of the Marine Board, accompanied by le Captain Barwood, made a visit of inspec us tion to the Heads on Thursday in the le steam-tug Tamar. On arrival there the Wardens decided upon a new leading be line for vessels entering the Heads, in It lieu of the one at present marked by the to towers. The new course, we understand, or will take vessels much further to the Seastwardof the Hebe reef than does the e present one. Full particulars of the pro n posed alteration will no doubt be made or public at the next meeting of the Board. It is to be hoped while the subject is under the consideration of the Board, to that advantage will be taken of the oppor ly tunity to urge the erection of a stone beacon on the Hebe reef. \- CHILDREo'S FEAsT.-The annual feast of of the children of the Church of the on Apostles will be held in the People's ill Park on Thursday next, the children he marching to the Park in procession from a. the church. A charge will be made to visitors. BAZAAR AT ELLESMERE.-A bazaar will r be held at Ellesmere, Scottsdale, from do Thursday to Saturday next, the proceeds r to be in aid of a fund for building a si-. Roman Catholic Church. ie MIDLAND AORICULTURAL ASSOCTATION. -We have received from the secretary of the Midland Agricultural Association, Mr ay Chas. Archer, a copy of the rules and regulations and financial statement for in 1880, which shows the Society to be in a an very satisfactory position. It is the of oldest Society in the colony, having been he formed on 19th September, 1838, and ut now numbers 108 members on the roll. n- The receipts for 1880, including a balance rn of £28 19s Od from previous year, were ds £340 14s 9d, and the expenditure, in ed cluding £132 paid in prize-money, he £263 ls 7d, leaving a balance to credit of S£77 13s 2d. N.T. RIFLE AssocrAT?o,--The four on teenth comupetition for the Association trophy takes place on Monday. Squads have been drawn as under :-6 30 am.. SChas. Peart, J. H. Room, C. Irvine, J. SGurr, W. G. Baird; 4-15 p.m.-W. H unt, J. Coulter, J. Boag, G. Peart; ts 5-30 p.m.-W. Mosey, WV. H. Dodery, J. W. Bradshaw. n Tu McISSiNco LINK Srow.--To-day is a the last appearance of the "Missing ste Link," the performing pig and talking Sdog, in Launceston, as Mr Fritz leaves on e Monday for a tour of the western dis let tricts. e- BISHlOPSBOUNE RACEs. - The pro. nt gramme for the Bishopabourne Races, which will be'held on tihe 24th inst., ap pear in another column. There are five Sevents-Maiden Plate, Hack Race, Trot ting MIatch, Enfield Purse, and Novl er Race. Entries close on 21st inst., and ' weights will be declared on day of race. S NoIRTTHERN HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY. - Prizetakers at the recent show can ob. intia their nrie-.money on appHication. ST. JoseaP's BAND.-This band per formed musical selections in the grounds ha of the General Hospital last evening. eel TASMANIANS ABRoAD.-It will doubt- pi, less be gratifying to northern cricketers tu to hear of the doings of a Tasmanian in of the land of apteryx and earthquakes-- pl we refer of course to New Zealand. In th a late match, Canterbury v. Otago, when ki the former won easily in one innings, re Mr George Watson (brotherof Mr I. Wat- gl son, secretary to the L. C. Club) made lu the fine score oT 175, at the conclusion of it; which he was most enthusiastibally si "shouldered" off the field. We also si1 notice that our old friend Mr E. Fuller G was about as usual with his bowling, in a the second innings taking three of the gl best wickets for ten runs. We hope be- w fore long to hear more of their doings. in ReLIaGOUs.-The subjects of the Rev. bh F. Sinden's discourses at the Primitive Is Methodist Church, Frederick-street, to- el morrow, will be in the morning, " Friend- k ship, human and Divine," and in the fc evening, " Consideration of God's good- is ness."-The usual People's Meeting will b; be held in the Oddfellows' Hall to-morrow evening.-The anniversary services of the y Wesleyan Church, at Scottsdale, will be celebrated to-morrow, when Mr John ie Thomason will preach morning and even- ti ing. The annual tea meeting will be held h on Tuesday.-The Rev. It. William- fi son, of Perth, will conduct a children's a service at the Baptist Chapel, Blackwood n Creek, to-morrow afternoon. t CONaREGATIONAL UNIoN.--The annual meetings in connection with this body d will be held in Launceston next week, h commencing on Monday. THE SEVERE WINTER IN ENGLAND - a Our readers may form some idea of the n severity of the recent winter in England a from'the description given in the follow- t I ing extract from a letter received this 3 mail by a lady in town. Her sister, t writing to her, says :-" The weather has been more severe since I wrote to you. a t The snow still lies on the ground, where I it has been for a fortnight, a most un usual thing-as you know-for this part of the world (Devonshire). Last 'Inesday week, the 18th, it snowed tremendously, and being. urged by a strong wind, the I snow drifted and blocked the Plymouth I t and Devonport loats, so that there was t quite a water famine. Soldiers and civilians were sent out to clear them, and I for some time made no headway, for as fast as they cleared them, the drifts i t blocked them again, but the wind sub- i siding the men were able to work, and by Monday evening water was once more in \- Plymouth. You may imagine how the I dearth had been felt, when I tell you that I Y St. Andrew's bells were set ringing when .1 the water flowed into the reservoirs. t Before that people who had wells gave to those who had none, and many bought. ? Men with barrels of water in donkey L carts came to the door selling it at 8d a gallon, but we were supplied owing to Mrs. --'s care, and by melting snow for \- cleaning purposes. This morning a great s wagon with a huge thing containing water, drawn by two horses, has been in the square to see if people want water, for in d many cases the pipes had burst . o The letter I received from H. --- this morning, written yesterday, is the first I received from her so quickly. For ten t days last week a letter from her (distant ;e only about seven hours by train) took a four days to reach me. Their mail cart n was snowed up in a village two miles from sf them. A road close to them was filled d with snow; and when a path was cut in it a the snow was found to be 12 feet deep. v E -- had his hat frozen to his head." e TUE EDUCATION BOARD IN VICTORIA. The board of inspectors appointed by Major Smith to consider the best way of g making appointments in the Educational department free from political influence, and of assessing salaries upon a fair scale, e, has (says the Aragus) sent in its report. The reduction of the "highest incomes" paid to female teachers is recommended, a and also the adoption of a rule " that a female is to receive one-fifth less than mi Ig male teacher in a corresponding position." d The appointment of an independent board ' is recommended to carry out the regula e tions under which it is proposed that s teachers shall in future be promoted. THE "RING" IN TROUBLE.-An ox st tremely dejected trio were on board the Cotopaxi, which arrived in Melbourne on ie Monday (says the Bendigo Independent.) 13 They were " Jack" and "Barney" Thomp son, and Richmond Thatcher. They rs speak of heavy losses on Triclkett, adding thab Trickett himself ventared all lie had _ on the B.anlan race, and when he saw the e latter winning his money so easily, Le Trickett " went as pale as a corpse" and lost heart. .n STEvENSON AND SONS. -In the Victorian e Assembly on Tuesday (says the+ Argus), d, Mr Bowman made an "explanatiot" with he regard to Messrs Stevenson and Sons. oe He would have replied, to their letter, in o- which they denied his statement that the le firm bribed magistrates to adjudicate in d. their case, but that the letter appeared in is the Argus, and he does not know whether d, he is expected to reply to the firm or the ir- paper. If Mlessrs Stevenson will ask for a no select committee to incuire into the sub. ject, Mr Bowman says he will support the st miotion. Orhe will supply information as he to what he meant on Thursday, if the a's resident members of the firm will make a en statutory declaration that they derived no im profit from thle Custom.house frauds. to Incidentally Mr Bowman mentioned that he considers " touting for magistrates and ill treating them" equivalent to bribery. in TiE TORIPEDO ACCIDENT.-The funeral ds of Gunner Groves and Able Seaman a Hunter took place on 7th inst. (says the Age.) The remains, which had been N. removed to the Williamstown morgue, of were placed on two field gun carriages dr and drawn to the local cemetery by their ad comrades. The funeral procession, which or was one of the largest over seen in WVil a liamstown, was headed by a firing party, he with arms reversed, followed by the bands en belonging to the Cerberus and the local ad VolunteeorArtillery playing theoDead March 11\. in Saul. The men and officers from the cc Italian, German and French war ships re now lying in the Bay, and the men from n- the Corberus, together with the Volunteer y, Artillery, formed a cortege that occupied of the entire length of the principal street. The business places on the line of route i. were all closed, and crowds of spectators on thronged the footpaths. On reaching the ds cemetery the bodies were interred with \- the usual naval honours, the Rev. Canon 3\. Sergeant reading the burial service. V. EDUCATION IN AMERICA.-In every ; way our American consins are munificent J. supporters of education. A Bill hlas just passed the Senate by a great majority is which provides for setting apart as an ng educational fund the net proceeds of the ng sales of public lands, and of patents, the on income of which, at the rate of 4 per cent is- interest, is to he distributed among the States in aid of popular education; and for the first ten years thl apportionment o. is to be made in proportion to the num r bsr of the population of ten years old P" and upward who cannot read and write. veO This is to give an advantage to tile States t- in which there is now the most illiteracy 'rI -that is, the Southern States. The mn [ nificent gifts to the cause of education during the last ten years, in thie establish \- ment and endowment of institutions of ub. learning form a brilliant page in thle his tory of the United States, ELECTRIC RESISTANCE OF GLAss.-It has long been ascertained (states Engin eering) that the electric resistance of a piece of glass diminishes as the tempera ture is raised ; but the recent experiments of Mr Thomas Gray, demonstrator in physics .and instructor in telegraphy at the Imperial Engineering College of To kio, Japan, have elicited the fact that the resistance varies more slowly when the glass is cooling than when it is being heated, and that a piece of glass may have its resistance greatly increased by being slowly raised to a high temperature and slowly cooled. There seems, in Mr Gray's opinion, to be what may be called a permanent change in the quality of the glass, which takes place co-incidentally with a temporary or quasi- elastic change in the quality. The result has a practical bearing, for it shows that a loss of insu lating power on the part of glass stems, or electro- meter jars, etc., may be cured by keeping the glass at a high temperature for a considerable time, a treatment which is sometimes adopted in the case of a badly-insulating ebonite or hard rubber. TUE SWEETS OF' OFFICE.-The New York correspondent of the Argus writes : -The president elect, General Garfield, is beginning to taste the sweets of his triumph. The office-seekers are after him. He likens himself, with considerable feeling, though with very bad rhetoric, to an alligator on whlose vitals 10,000 ich neumons are gnawing. He is called upon to intervene in all sorts of political quarrels, and to assuage the pain of the disappointed with promises of gifts from his own hand. Although his predecessor, the actual incumbent, is a republican, and 'there are none of the ordinary political motives for changes in the service, such as exist when one party follows another, the siege laid to General Garfield's quiet country home is in reality something terrible. Except in the Internal Revenue department, comparatively a small one, almost all the comissions in our civil ser vice fall in in four years, and every man who was active in the recent canvass looks for his reward to the allotment of these offices. In this predicament it is hoped that General Garfield will seek refuge in the enforcement of the principle of com petitive examinatons for admission and promotion in the service. This principle, which has worked so well in Great Britain, has been introduced in the Customs ser vice in this city with excellent effect. It would' be a complete and wholesome revolution if it could be applied through out the country. A very strong move ment is on foot, with9its head quarters in e New, York to obtain from Congress legislation making this system obligatory. A PHOTOoRAPnIC FEAT.-The Roya1 Engineer photographers have recently performed a clever feat. It was deter mined lately by the military authorities to endeavour to "stalk" a ballon in the air with a view to discover how far an enemy's fire would be dangerous to the aeronaut. With this view one of the war balloons was sent up near Dungeness some weeks ago, of course with no occupant in the car, and a military photographer was instruc ted to depict the result of the experiment in his camera. The latter was so far successful that he at any rate managed to get an impression of the bursting shell and collapsing balloon upon his plate. The balloon was permitted to rise to a height of 800 feet, and the photograph was stationed with the cannon-or, rather howitzer-at a range of no less than 2000 1 yards. A shell was burst so cleverly in t front of the balloon that it sank, as " groviously wounded almost as Cmesar, with 25 wounds in its body. The photograph \- shows the wounded balloon still in mid air, and the burst shell about 200 yards ,f on its left.. SA CO.otPLETE SELL.-The following little affair happened on the Yass race , course on 2nd inst. A commercial traveller (says the Courier) was looking on at the operations proceeding at a wheel of fortune. He was urgently pressed by its a owner to give him a turn. Reply : "Cant; a I'm dead broke !" Montd : "I'll advance you a £ on your watch-chain." Commer d cial (taking his watch out and hesitatingly unfastening the chain) : "A £ seems very t little to give for it." Montd : "I'll make it two," and threw down the brace of bank notes. Commercial (handing over a the massive albert): "Thank you ; good n day ; I gave 3s Gd for it at the Melbourne .) Exhibition last week." We need a- scarcely add that "blessings" were freely y uttered for somebody for a good many g minutes after the transaction was com d pleted. o A LADY PStEACHER.-The following , telegraphic item from Grahams Gd town, near Auckland, appears. in a late issue of the Otago Daily Times n (New Zealand) ;-Mrs Hampton, the ), evangelist preacher, is creating great ox h citement oil the Thames. Her service . last evening in the open air was attended n by 3000 persons. All the churches, with e the exception of the Roman Catholic and n Church of England, were closed. The n speaker has a wonderful command of r language, speaking at times one hour e and a half, and never hesitating for a a word. Many persons, especially women, b. at each service were calling out excitedly, to and throwing themselves at the feet of as the speaker." le Ma GLADSTONE.-The physical con a dition of the Prime Minister, it is said, so gives some anxiety to his nearest friends s. and to his medical adviser. Vigorous, at unwearied, and eager for the discharge td of his high duties as Mr Gladstone always shows himself, he still seems to bear with al less power of resistance than heretofore n tmhe cares of Government and the vicissi tudes of the weather, and would better in consult the wishes of innumerable friends , if Ihe would seek to spare himself more. es There is reason to believe (says the Eutro _h r praslncil) that Dr. Andrew Clark looks h with some.concern, on the Premier's be i- half, to the excitements and labours im pending in the House of Commons in Is conection with the Irish questions; and I the rumours which have had currency in h regard to the possible elevation of the e Premier to the peerage, with a compara a tively quiet seat in the Upper House, m find their explanation in these domestic r solicitudes. It need not be pointed out, d however, what urgent exigencies of State, apart from any personal considerations, a would oppose themselves to a serious , entertainment of thle idea which has thus e been broached. Mr Gladstone, in a letter h to the secretary of the Midlothian Liberal An ssocistion, has given his unqualified denial to the above rumour. y "Never borrow trouble," said a hus t band to hIis wife, " Oh, let her borrow t it if she can," exclaimed the next-door y neighbour ; " she never returns anything, n you know." o TRY DAWsoN's CELEBRATED CHUDLEIGC to BUTTERr in Gib tins, hermetically sealed. Very at suitable for Prospectors, Miners, etc.-Advt. ie FALSE Ii5PR55sIoN.-It is generally supposed .d by physicians and he people generally that dys It pepsia cannot invariably be cured, but we are . pleased to say th:tt Green's August Flower has id never, to our knowledlge, failed to cure dyspep sia and liver cominplailnt in all its forms, such as Ssour stonmach, costiveness, sick headache, pal p iitation of the heart, indigestion, had taste in y the mouth, &c.; Out of tthe 50,000dozen bottles 1\. sold last year, not a single failuro was reported, n but thousands of complimentary lettorercceived from druggists of wonderful cures. Three doses w1- I ill relieve any case. Tvry it. Sample bottles of Gd, regular sizoe 3s Gd. For sale by L. FAIR \- I ToHmNE & SON, chemists, Launoeston, sole agents for 'Taamaia,--Advt 