AMUSEMENTS. Tiiuatre Roy at,. — The London Opera Comiqua aoason, which has certainly beon one of the moat successful over given in the colonieo, ic drawing to a close, and in a couple of woeka, it i3 announced, the company will tako their de parture. Ar, wao tho cnoo with tho other operas produced undor Mr. Muogrovo's manage ment, ' Madame Favarfa ' haa proved a groat attraction, for evory performance iiao boon v/itucBsori by vorj largo audiences. Tho iiuiiii! :il' ' Madame Favart ' is bright and sparkling, and tho plot air unusually trood ouo, whilo tho librotto ia very cleverlv written. Misa Pattio Lavcrno appears with. greater success in this opera than in any other j and Miss Nellie Stewart, Mr. Harwood, Mr. Bronnir, Mr. Wallace, Mr. Mervin, and the other artistes engaged are all excellent in their respec tive parts. Of the mounting wo cannot speak too highly, and the scenery is aa pretty aa it is correct. VicTOMA HatjTi. — Mr. D'Arcy Read's charm ing little entertainment at this charming little theatre has boon very liberally patronized during tho past few weeks. We do not wonder at this, for the entertainment, which pommeucos with the extravaganza, ' Beauty and the Boaat,' and con eludes with a laughable sketch entitled the ' Haunted Houoe,' beoidoo being a novelty here, ia very amusing, and just long enough to make the audience wish for more. Thia elasa of amuse ment ha3 a poculiar charm for children, and no greater treat could be given to any youngatei* than to take him to see Mr. D'Arcy Read and his jolly, sprightly ghosts. Opera. House. — Tho Kolly and Leon Opera Company scored a genuine aucceao with their new opera ' Fatinitza,' and large audiences assembled to witness the performance of Suppe'a line work each night. The opera was givon on Monday night for the last time, under vice-regal patronage. All-England Eleven. — Now that the row ing matches are over, wo are to have another dose of cricket. The English team which is now on the way to Australia via America consisto of Midwinter, Barlow, Pilling, Shrewsbury, Sbaws Ullyctt, Bates, Lockwood, Peate, Sclby, Lilly white, and Barnes or Gilbert. They play the New South Wulea team in Sydney on the 9th8 10th, and 12th December ; and tho Victorian team in Melbourne on the 16th, 17th, and 19th of tho same month. Presentation to Laycock.— On Friday even ing, 23rd ult., tho final meeting of the Laycock Testimonial Committee wao held, at Hunt's In° tornational Hotel, Mr. D. O'Connor, M.P., in the chair. Mr. Hunt read a list of moneys re ceived, amounting to £416 12s, and also a state ment of the expenditure incurred — £108 18s ldfl and then tho chairman on behalf of the sub scribers presented Mr. Laycock -with an address and the amount collected. Mr, Laycock in re turning thanks aaid : In all hio career in boafc racing he had never faced the flag with any other intention but to van if he could. He wenfc to England and did tho best he could there ; and lie thought the hardest thing he had had to beai? was that ho should be stamped hero and hear his name bandied about as a swindler. Four dayo out of the week before he pulled Mr. Rush he was sick ; but ho thought even fchon he could win it, and he tried hio best to do bo, but failed. Ha waa very pleased that after lie had recovered ha was able to win tho Walkov Whioky race, and also to beat Mr. Rush. In his race with Rush he had lost £300, so that he could not have had any intovest in pulling as he did, Finn in G-EOitdE-STiiEET. — On Sunday night Messrs. Tillock and Co. 'a wholesale grocery store6 together with its contonts, was totally destroyed by fire. Tho building was constructed of iron, wood, and stone, and situated between Mr. J. Ryan's saddlery and harness establishment in (3-eorge-atreet and several build inga belonging to Mr. P. S. Larkin, tho licensee of the Prince of Wales ' Hotel, at tho corner of Greorgo and Little G-ipps-streot. , Between the hotel and Mossro. Tillock'a woro Mr. Lavbin'a wine and spirit store, Mr. J. T. Osmond's homoeopathic pharmacy, and Mr. T. Poole's drapery establishment. Tho fire broke out in the second floor about 10 o'clock, and tho place waa soon in flames. Beforo tho lapse of many minutes tho placo v/aa surrounded by firo engines, ands aftor a couple of hours' hard work the fire wass extinguished. An examination of the adjaoont buildings showed that thoy had all suffered damage, principally by water. Messrs. Tillook'a store was tho property of Mr. T. H. Bolger. The stock was insured for £10,500, that amount being distributed aa follows : — Sun, £1000 ; Q,ueen0 £1000 ,- Liverpool and London and G-lobe, £1500 j Northern, £3000 ; New Zealand, £1000 ; Auq tralian Mutual, £1000 ; Commercial Union £1000 ; and National, £1000. Tho loss of tho occupiers and the other shops are covered by in ourance. Mb. George Dovmoe hno boon appointed Engineer of Tramway Rolling ctock. On Friday, tho 16th ult., Mr. G. A. Suttor left hie rooidonco at Bankotown, and on returning the following day found tho houoo burned to the ground. No ono v/aa loft in charge, and the fire is supposed to bo tho work of- an inoondiary. ' ...'-??? . , ?- 