THE ABDUCTED. The house was very old — built entirely of wood, and full of dry-rot. The narrow staircase was in a blaze. The landlord and landlady had rushed out into the street, shrieking for help. 'You, my men,' said Inspector Wily, 'go for the engines. Do all you can to get the fire under. Meadows, I'll help you to drag the prisoner along. It we stay here we shall be burnt to death. See, the cowardly brute is quite insensible, partly from terror, partly from liquor.' 'But what's to be done with the little girl?' said Meadows. 'I fear she's burnt to death by this time,' said Wily; 'but our duty is to guard the prisoner. Lend a hand; let's drag him along. In a few moments the flames will be at the door.' Detective Meadows and Inspector Wily lifted, shoved, and dragged the drunken Jem between them out of the house, just as part of it fell in. 'Let's go round,' said Meadows, 'and see if the flames are bursting out of the garret windows.' They did so, having first secured the handcuffed Jem by a rope to a staple in a post. At one of the garret windows a little figure was seen clinging to the bars, the lurid glare within making her delicate form and terrified attitude fearfully distinct. 'Ten guineas — twenty guineas for a ladder!' cried the tall gentleman who was still on the esplanade. In a moment a ladder was brought. 'A hundred guineas,' said the gentleman, 'for any man who'll run up that ladder and save that child!' All hung back. 'The old house'll fall in,' said one. 'What's the good of a hundred guineas if you're burned alive?' said another. 'Fools! Cowards !' cried the stranger. 'Give me the ladder— hold it fast.' He ascended it, white burning rafters and showers of sparks fell around him. He has reached the window, the bars are getting hot; with, one strong wrench he plucks them out of the wood- work. The little, shrieking girl, Mary, throws herself into his extended arms. He wraps his cloak arouad her, and descends the ladder, just as the roof falls in with a tremendous crash. The spectators, and among them the men who had objected to ascend the ladder, huzzaed lustily as the stranger came down with Mary unhurt in his arms. ' You are not burnt, my little one, I hope,' said he, 'but you must have been almost frightened to death, I fear?' 'I was at first, sir,' said Mary; 'but I thought if I prayed to God with all my heart and soul and strength He would save me, and you see He sent you to bring me away. But oh, sir, Where's Moon light Meg?' This was a question which no one could answer. All the other inmates of the 'Jolly Tar' were safe, but Moonlight Meg was not to be seen. 'We must go to the nearest hotel,' said the stranger, 'to decide on what is to be done with the prisoner, and then I can get a cloak and hat for the little girl. I shall lose no time in convey ing her to her friends.' 'The prisoner, my lord, must be taken before a magistrate the first thing this morning,' said In spector Wily. 'He, of course, will commit him for trial.' 'Well, you can see to that,' said the grave and gallant stranger, in whom the reader has, doubt less, recognised Mina's devoted lover, the Earl of Beaudesert. 'Yes, my lord, we'll see to it,' said Inspector Wily, and they reached the Royal Hotel as he spoke, and entered it together. The landlady was only too delighted to have it in her power to oblige an earl. She took upon herself to wash and dress Mary and fit her to accompany his lordship. When Mary re-appeared, all traces of smoke and dust had vanished. She was beautifully clean and neat, her hair hung down in its long, glossy, golden curls. She was dressed very prettily in the clothes of the landlady's little daughter, about the same age and size as Mary. The dawn was breaking now, and the earl had ordered breakfast, more for the good of the house than because anyone wanted to eat or drink, but yet Mary was glad of the tea placed before her. She heard with delight that she was going— really going— to Woodhurst and to Miss Mine, and that she would soon see Charley and Dr. Linden, and Daddy and Mammy Mayflower, and perhaps, in time, Daddy Toddles; but Mary's kind heart was ill at ease, and tears would gush forth as she thought of Moonlight Meg. Just at this time a waiter came in to say that a woman was below — Meg by name — who begged to be allowed to see the young lady and his lord ship. Mary danced for joy when she saw Meg— Moon- light Meg — black, bruised, her hair and clothes burnt, but alive and able to explain that, when first tbe fire broke out, she had vainly tried to open the door into Mary's room, and then had made her way through the flames, up a ladder and trap-door, and on to the leads, and had got into an adjoining house, and escaped into a yard, where a watch-dog had caught her by the leg, and held her till some one came and set her free. She did not add that it was she who, tippling in bed, with a lighted candle by her side, had set the curtains, and hence the house, on fire — yet such was the case. Meg's great object was to beg Jawing Jem off, and Mary pleaded too; but the earl was firm, and at a hint that she ought to be taken into custody, too, on the same charge, Meg hurried away. In a few minutes the landlord came in to say that his lordship had only time to drive to the station, and that a fly was at the door. Into this fly the earl handed Mary, her eyes bright with happiness, her cheeks rosy with hope and joy. Even the earl thought he had never seen so lovely a little Psyche. All had been liberally paid, from landlord and landlady down to boots, who had cleaned Mary's little shoes. All were full of bows and curtsies' Poor little wanderer! Not so long ago the beaten, ill-used drudge of the second Mrs. Toddles, and a few hours since trembling at the scowl of Moon light Meg, and now an earl holds thy little hand, and seats thee by his side in a first- class carriage, and talks to thee, and smiles on thee, and calls thee Mary, and blesses thee because thou art dear to her he adores, and because through thee his happiness is to be accelerated by six weeks. On, on they speed, and at length the earl, seeing Mary's eyelids droop, made her a bed of his cloak, and she fell fast asleep, and did not wake till the train stopped, and he lifted her out into a broug ham; and by this time the shades of evening were closing in, and the sun was setting red and radiant in the west, and they drove through green lanes and across commons, and up hills and down vales, and at last they entered a park, and Mary felt as if in some dream she had seen that avenue, and those deer, and that old grey Gothic building, and that arched entrance. The carriage stops, the earl catches Mary in his arms, rushes past the astonished footman into the drawing-room, where a lovely lady is seated in the recess of a window-seat, gazing at the sunset. 'Mina — my love— my affianced!' he cried, 'I have redeemed my pledge! Mina, here she is! Here is Mary!' Mina started to her feet — gazed at the child earnestly for a moment, while she put back the long golden curls, and scanning the little features, exclaimed, 'Tis she ! O'h yea, 'tis indeed Mary! Give her to me — let me clasp her to my heart, dear Beaudesert !' Even he was not prepared for the wild sobs, the tears, the burst of ecstacy with which Mina caught Mary to her bosom and blessed and kissed her again and again. 'Mina at length, remembering her lover, said, 'Forgive me, Beaudesert, and remember that it is you who have procured me the rapture of this meeting.' And again she folded Mary in her arms. 'When will my turn come?' said the earl. Mina put Mary gently down, and he folded her to his heart, saying, 'Mina, I am overpaid, and in a fortnight from this time you will be, Mina, my wife, my own, through time and through eternity!' 'Yes, Beaudesert, on that day I will be yours, and try to merit a love that I now prize more than words can tell! Oh, that I had always done so!' CHAPTER XXXVIII, A love a secret sorrow here, -A grief I'll ne'er impart; -o' breathes no sigh, it sheds no tear. But it consumes my heart.— Sheridan. Alas! Alas! what, then, is this secret sorrow that sits so heavily on poor Mina's heart? It is not, now, that she does not love the earl ; for, strange to say, the man for whom at one time she felt nothing but indifference, tinged with aversion, is, now that she knows him better, and that Oswald is no more, become inexpressibly dear to her strange, inscrutable heart. She loves him with that strong love a woman, no longer in the fitful April, but in the steady summer of life, feels for a man whose confidence and tenderness wins her gratitude, and whose integrity of heart and true nobility of soul compel her respect and esteem; one, too, on whose strong good sense and sound judgement she can rely, and whose solid powers of mind can direct her lighter, brighter fancy, and more impulsive, but not more generous and Christian nature. No; it is not now that she does not love Beau desert. Enthusiastic and imaginative as she is, she is in danger of running into the opposite extreme, and of loving him too wildly and too well. It cannot be a delicate and romantic scruple con nected with, the fact that, while she knows she is the first and only idol of her Beaudesert's heart, he is only the second choice, the second love of hers! That reflection might sadden her for a moment occasionally, but it would not account for the tempest of agony that shakes her soul to the centre — for that is no secret to her present beloved — of that Beaudesert was fully aware when he first proposed to her, now ten years ago. She refused him then, on the plea that she loved another. That other was the idol of her youthful fancy; but Beaudesert is the deliberate choice of her riper judgment, of her woman-heart. Nay, more, so en tirely have the noble, heroic, devoted, and Christian virtues of the earl won Mina's respect and esteem — so entirely, too, have his sweet sym pathies and true kindess excited her gratitude, and his character, in unfolding' proved the realisation of her beau ideal — that, in direct contradiction to all that maximists and novelists have said, Mina loved Beaudesert with an intensity and consistent devotion, and a passionate desire for his entire ap probation and full confidence and esteem, wich formed no part of her rash and girlish love for Oswald Egerton. Why, then, does she look so deadly pale? Why, in the solitude of her own chamber, does she weep so bitterly, and wring her hands and say, 'Oh, Beaudesert! good, great, noble lover. What if I were to tell him all? Would he love me still — would he wed me still? Alas ! I dare not risk it. If be ceased to love me now, I should die. And my father, whose whole heart is set on this marriage; my father, so long disappointed in me ? No, no ! I dare not risk it. If I am true to myself, and keep my own councel, who shall betray me ? And it is better so for all parties. Nothing crushes the heart like the fall of an idol. Nothing makes life so dreary as the cure of our delusions, and I will be to thee, oh, my affianced one! all a wife can be to comfort and love! Ah, what is this that gnaws at my heart's core ? What are these fears, these sor rows? Oh, that I had no secret from thee, Beaude sert! Never, never, canst thou know — alas! the time may even come when thou wilt doubt it — how great a love I bear thee! And thou hast risked thy noble life to save Mary's! How can I ever re pay thee? I will go to her bedside, and pray that every blessing may attend our union, dearest; that no distrust, doubt, suspicion, or revelation of any kind may spring up in our breasts to disunite them. I will pray that my fatal secret may live and die in a bosom now thine only, thine always thine for ever.' Alas ! how much wiser would it have been, before linking her fate with that of Beaudesert, if Mina Woodhurst had revealed to him the secret which now, as a wife's or husband's secret ever must do, stands as a barrier of adamant between hearts that love. Want of confidence in her father has poisoned her girlhood; but her father was ever stern, harsh, exacting, filling her young heart with awe and dread, rather than with love and trust. It is not easy for a daughter to be frank with such a father; but her affianced lord, her noble, kind, devoted Beaudesert, a secret from him is treason, Mina. And yet she is resolved to go to the altar with that secret unconfessed, and try, in the con templation of her coming happiness, to forget its dark existence. She took her lamp and stole to the little room where Mary was to sleep. Phoebe Mayflower and her husband, who had heard the news of Mary's re turn, had been up to the Court to see her. They had left the house. She was in bed when they ar rived, and had just fallen asleep. The room adjoined that little boudoir in which Mina and Aunt Tabby had seen what seemed to them to be the Ghost of the Blue Chamber; the game balcony spread from window to window. Mina knelt down by Mary's bed and prayed. The bed stood before the window. Mina put aside the curtains to look out at the night. As she did so her lamp went out, and in the moonlight she saw, apparently looking frowningly in upon her and on the sleeping child, the hand raised as in menance, and the red gash across the bare throat — the same apparition she had seen twice before. 'The Ghost of the Blue Chamber!' skrieked Mina, just as Aunt Tabby, who was in the adjoining room, came in with her candle to ask Mina to come and sit with her for half- an-hour before going to bed. Ming closed the shutters, let fall the curtains, and kissed the fair brow of Mary, and followed Aunt Tabby to the next room. CHAPTER XXXI. But thou art yet less fair than pale Pale! 'tis but a bride's sweet sorrow! Fling over her the silver veil, That cheek will look more bright to-morrow. L. E. L. Merrily rang the village balls, and very early where the school-children up and busy strewing with flowers the path from Woodhurst Court to the parish church. 'It was Mina's wedding-day. A bright, soft, autumnal morning it was, indeed. The sun shining through a soft mist like a bride through her veil, and dewdrops glistening on all the shrubs and flowers like happy tears on the cheek of beauty, a breeze, gentle as the sigh of a loving woman's breast, just waving the willow's green tresses. The wedding, by Mina's earnest desire, was to be as quiet and private as possible. But the earl would not avail himself of the privilege his rank gave him of being married by special licence, as Mina seemed to wish, in the drawing-room of Woodhurst Court. Beaudesert had a great reverence for his church, and no marriage not solemnised in a church would have satisfied him. Ladybird's husband, now the Vicar of Wood hurst, was to perform the ceremony. Neither the earl nor his bride had any wish to figure in the papers as married 'by the Lord Bishop of - , assisted by the Dean - and the very Rev. the Archdeacon of -.' Mina had but one bridesmaid— her bridegroom's unmarried sister, Lady Serena Hauteville. Lady Serena was present because her brother, to whom she was devotedly attached, wished her to be so; but the match was not exactly what she thought Beaudesert ought to have made. She did not see Mina with his eye. To her, Mina seemed a cold, statue-like beauty, incapable of loving Beaudesert as she thought he ought to be loved, and, moreover, his inferior in all respects. There was no very cordial feeling between Lady Serena and the bride. No other guest (not resident at the Court), except Ladybird and her husband, was invited to the ceremony or to the breakfast— which had not been entrusted to Gunter, or any other London artiste, but was planned by Aunt Tabby, and executed by the Woodhurst cook and the confectioner at Wells. We have said there were no guests but the vicar and his wife Ladybird, but yet one other had been invited by Mr. Woodhurst, and had promised, if possible, to be present. This was Gaspar Mount joy, who, the very day before the wedding, had re ported himself at the office as returned from New York, and had come upon Mr. Woodhurst just as he was giving his last orders to a clerk before setting off for Woodhurst. Mary was all in white, flitting about the old Court like a spirit of joy, admired, beloved, and petted by everybody, even by Mr. Woodhurst, who, seeing that she was so great a favotuite of the earl's, discovered a thousand charms, beauties, and merits in her. Aunt Bussel, too, who had ever held her in supreme contempt and positive aversion, now praised her to the skies. And old Bussel, much more meek, fat, and henpecked than ever, took her on his huge knee, and told her an interminable fairy-tale out of his own rather confused head. Weddings are proverbially dull and dreary affairs to all but the principals, and too often, alas, to them also. On the present occasion the wedding was unusually solemn and gloomy within the Court, although without there was a merry village fete. But in the bride's home, owing to the absence of the customary lovely bevy of brides maids and their gallant bridesmen, and to the fact that the bride herself— thirty-two- was the youngest woman present (Ladybird being a few months her senior), it was unusually gloomy. Mina had risen very early, but yet the party had been some time assembled, and the earl had become very impatient before she made her appearance. But when she did enter the drawing-room arm in arm with Lady Serena, and Mary holding one of her hands, her stately, queen-like, and exquisite beauty caused all present to utter exclamations of admiration and delight, and the earl to hurry to her side, his heart too full for words. An orange wreath encircled her brow, a veil — his gift — was thrown over her head, her face, and her whole form. A beautiful flush animated her cheeks and gave new lustre to her eyes. She was, in truth, radiantly beautiful as a bride. The earl was pale and silent with intense emotion, and all the party who attended Mina to church and who met at the breakfast-table in the old Hall, were very solemn-looking , and (except the bridegroom, whose eyes, after the ceremony, sparkled with delight, though his cheek was pale with the sense of new and delightiful responsibili ties, and Woodhurst of Woodhurst, who was yet too intensely gratified to be very gay) the guests looked much more as if they had met to celebrate a funeral than a wedding. Mrs. Lackaday was always dolorous. Aunt Tabby, who loved her niece devotedly, could not part with her, even for a castle, without many tears. Mrs. Bussel, who did not think she had been made enough of on this great occasion, and whom Woodhurst of Woodhurst had certainly tried to keep in the background a little, was very sulky and snappish, and more than ever tyrannical and overbearing to poor old Bussel. Indeed, while he was, with a thorough knowledge of the subject as a retired pickle-seller, forcing on the earl's attention some very choice pickled mushrooms, which he had himself in secret prepared for his niece's wedding breakfast, and was, in his eloquent lore, on the subject of pickling, revealing his in tense intimacy with the art, Mrs. Bussel, who was seated, alas! very near him, stamped so heavily upon the bunion he had on one os his great toes, and accompanied this sudden torture with so vicious a pinch beneath the table-cloth, that old Bussel, taken quite by surprise, started to his feet, gave aloud howl, and dropping the glass jar of pickled mushrooms in the surprise and the double anguish and agony of his bunion and his secret pinch, let the whole highly-seasoned and dark coloured contents of the pickle- jar fall on the new glace many-flounced, richly-worked, wick glace silk, dress and mantle which Mrs. Bussel had pur chased in Regent-street expressly for Mina's wedding. Otfthe dismay, the terror, the horror of old Bussel, and the fury of Mrs. Bussel, no pen can convey the faintest idea. He, poor fellow, stood in a state almost ft catalepsy; his fat hands, his mild, lighteyes raised, and the little white fleecy hair that surrounded his large ear, and was sprinkled, on the shining organs of benevolence and veneration that appeared at the top of his bald head, literally standing on end. While he stood thus transfixed, livid and damp with terror, Mrs. Bussel started to her feet, and in her ungovernable rage at the destruction of her pink glace, forgetting the presence of the earl and of every one save the hapless delinquent, had caught, hold of his arm and begun with her clenched fist to pummel him unmercifully, gasping out the while, 'Beast, brute — low-bred, awkward beast; but I'll make you pay for it, fool, dolt, idiot — yes, if I sell the very coat off your back, I will!' Mr. Woodhurst was intensely annoyed, for he saw an involuntary smile curve the handsome, well-bred lip of his noble son-in-law, and going round to Mrs. Bussell, he said, whispering in her ear, 'You disgrace yourself; you disgrace me, madam! Leave the room and change your dress. Do you forget where you are, and in whose presence you are sitting? Allow me,' and he forcibly handed her from the table, and out of the room. She always yielded to a will stronger than her own, though she was such a termagant when she met with a patient, enduring spirit, like old Bussel's. She was no sooner gone than Bussel sank into his chair, wiped the perspiration, from his forehead, threw himself back in his seat, unbuttoned his huge white waistcoat, and burst into tears — such large tears, that the kind-hearted earl, much touched, as soon as Bussel had wiped them away, said, 'Mr. Bussel, a glass of champagne with you; I cannot but feel that your kindness to me was the cause of this disaster, which it is therefore my duty to repair, and which, as I am just enlisted under petticoat government is a lesson and a warning to me. Lady Beaudesert'— (Lady Beaudesert! Ah! how old Woodhurst of Woodhurst trembled and crimsoned with pride and joy at hearing that title for the first time !)— 'Lady Beaudesert and myself, the first day we shop together in Paris, will replace this spoilt dress with the handsomest substitute the best magasin des modes in Paris can furnish. Will you step to Mrs. Bussel, dear sir, and tell her so, with her new nephew's love and duty ?' 'I— me— step to— Mrs. Bussel— sir— my lord - to my wife— in her present— excited— state— Oh, pray— excuse me — my lord — I cannot,' and he trembled violently. 'I will be the bearer of your message myself Beaudesert,' said Mr. Woodhurst, and he left the room. To the great surprise of old Bussel, he returned in a few minutes -with a polite message of thanks from Mrs. Bussel to his lordship, and a premise that she would reappear almost immediately. This she did, in a dress borrowed from Mina's elegant wardrobe, and taking her place all smiles, she thanked the earl for his promise, and it was not till the conversation, became animated and general that, in the buzz, she contrived to hiss in Bussel's ear, 'Stupid beast, I'll make you pay for this.' CHAPTER XL. And is it thu— is all forgot— That hour of moonlight and of dreaming? That first fond dream of early love, Half oi lite's worldiness redeeming! — L.E.L. The wedding-breakfast was over. The bride had retired to change her dress. The travelling- carriage and four waited at the entrance of Wood hurst Court. The villagers have crowded into the park to admire the beautiiul new coronetted carriage, with all its elegant and luxuriant appliances. The four grays are snorting and paw ing the ground. The postilious are in blue satin jackets, with huge favours; the outriders wear the new Beaudesert liveries, and they, too, have white favours fluttering in the breeze. Mina, having changed her bridal-dress of white satin and Brussels lace for a peach-coloured moire and a costly white cashmere, and her orange- wreath and lace veil for a white bonnet with peach-coloured plumes, has retired for a moment into a sort of little oratory, formed by a turret in the building, and which makes a part of her dressing-room. Here it had always been her habit to pray, and hither she repairs to thank her Father in Heaven for the happy fate that seems to be in store for her at last, and to implore Him to make her worthy of her husband's love. In this small turret-chamber there was but little furniture, nothing, in short, but a table, on which stood a Bible and a Prayer-book, a copy of the 'Christian Year,' Jeremy Taylors 'Holy Living and Dying,' and writing materials. A looking-glass was let into the panels, and as Mina entered, she glanced with excusable pleasure at the lovely face and form the mirror reflected. A note, in a well-known hands, was on the table it caught her eye at once — the ink scarcely dry. It was directed to herself, and as she took it up and broke the seal, a shudder passed over her frame, a hand of ice seamed laid upon her heart, and the face the mirror reflected, as she read the note, was positively livid with terror and dismay. The lines that have so shaken the late blushing, radiant bride, were as follows: — 'Mina,— You have deceived me! you said you could never love again. You implied— nay, you asserted— that no affection stronger or warmer than that you promised me should ever link you to any man. On the faith of this assurance I left England. I return to find you married to one you formerly re jected, and I am coldly invited to come as a guest to nuptials that make life for me a sunless waste! I have seen you— vain, false, fickle woman— in your bridal robes! I have seen love, passionate love, for another in those dark, haunting eyes, that smiled while mine dropped such scalding tears; and you think to go hence a happy bride, quite un mindful of the past, living only in a future of pomp, splendour, and-love! You dare to do this! False to the dead! false to the living! in human to me, whom you trample in the dust, a smile on your haughty lip the while. But I, the trodden worm, can yet turn and sting you! I know your secret! and you are in my power! Ah! woman of the cold and cruel nature, once so wildly worshipped, and now the object of such burning vengeance, how feel you now! Am I not already half avenged? That cheek is pale enough now. Yes, listen, I am here! I am in this house! I must see you ere you leave it as Countess of Beaudesert. Refuse me, and you leave it not at all with him! But you dare not refuse— nay, I forbid you even to delay. I await you in the Blue Chamber. There we shall not be disturbed. You will find the key on the table where you found this letter. Dismiss your maid on any pre text you will. I will not detain you long; but beware how you trifle with one whom the know ledge of your secret has made your master. 'G.M.' Poor Mina! wretched bride! miserable victim Of a system of concealment, what terror, what languish is thine! But there is no time for delay or discussion even with thy own wildly-beating heatt. Go thou must, and that quickly. But before Mina went to this dread rendezvous, after having sent her maid to tell Phoebe May flower that the Countess of Beaudesert widhed to speak with her, Mina, all scared and tortured as she was, yet found time for one fervent prayer to Heaven for strength and guidance; and then she seized the key, passed through several deserted rooms (for all the servants were feasting and mak ing merry in their own hall), and pale and cold as a marble statue, Mina reached the Haunted Wing, unlocked the door, sped along the corridor, and stood in the dressing- room or light-closet that ad joined the Blue Chamber— that very spot where she had seen the ghost of her murdered ancestor, as she believed, step from his frame and unveil for her the past, present, and future. Timidly Mina glanced towards the glass parti tion-door, and the portrait that hung on the opposite wall of the inner room (the Blue Chamber). The glass doors were thrown open; the portrait was in its place, grim, pale, and ghastly as ever, with the mournful eyes that seemed to seek and follow hers, and the crimson gash across the throat! Gaspar, too, was there, seated at a table, his arms thrown wildly upon that table, and his face buried in them. Mina beholding him so motionless, thought he slept. He was in a travalling-dress, booted, spurred, and splashed with mud, and in one hasty glance she saw that his thick hair was matted and shaggy, and that a few threads of silver began to | betray the constant heat of his brain and fever of his spirit. 'Gaspar Mountjoy,' she said, in a hollow voice, which she tried to render firm, 'I am here! What do you want with me?' He started, raised his head, and turned sharply round, and Mina was shocked to see how sorrow and burning passion had worn and sharpened his features — how ghastly pale he was, and what a fierce and wolfish expression shot from his eyes. He arose and went towards her. 'It is well you are here, Lady Beaudesert,' he said, bitterly, and added, in a sepulchral voice, 'I wished to put your obedience and sense of my power to the test. That is all I require of you now. The time is not yet come for aught more! When it is, I shall send for you again.' 'And what if I refuse to obey a power you assume, but which I in no way recognise?' 'What if you do this, rash woman!' he almost shouted. 'Why, then I know your secret, and you can guess what follows.' 'What secret, Gaspar ?' faltered Mina. 'Ha! ha! ha! Ask your conscience! Ask your heart! Ask the past! And then defy or disobey me, if you dare I sent for you to tell you this, and — yes, I will own it — once more to feast my eyes on the unforgotten beauty of that haunting face. I do not mean to trample your new honours in the dust, Mina — to break your proud father's heart. Your father has been kind to me always from boyhood — kind, though he did not think the limping cripple worthy of thy vaunted beauty; and though ambition is the ruling passion of his heart, he has often been very kind, very trusting. For his sake I spare you yet awhile, and I will not bring his grey hairs with - sorrow to the grave. No! Lst him rejoice in the desire accomplished, so eweet to the soul. Let him revel in the realised hope — the ambition crowned! My turn will come! shall come! Enough for me at present to feel, and you to know, that 1 could turn all this joy into tears, this glory to shame, this rapture to wailing! Enough for me, the despised, rejected hunchback cripple, to feel that there is a secret of your heart known to mine, and hidden from your proud earl, who fancies you so entirely his. Go, now, and be all love and mirth, if you can, and when I come to see you, Countess of Beaudesert, Let your ladyship see that she welcomes her poor, deformed cousin. How beautiful you are, Mina! Fairer even than in my dreams.' . 'Farewell, Gaspar!' said Mina. 'Let us shake hands.' 'No, Mina, no! Thy lightest touch sets my whole frame on fire. Go!' and he glanced fiercely upon her. 'Think you I can touch the hand of her I have so madly loved, and drop it like yon aristocrat! Think you I could, as he did, amuse myself with baubles when she I adored scorned and rejected me? No! All or nothing! That hand must be mine for ever or never. No, not for one wild instant, woman. Go!' Mina, terrified, seared, bewildered, hurried back to her room, and in a few minutes Phoebe May flower, all blushes, smiles, white ribbons, and 'My Lady's,' came up, and Mina talked long and earnestly with her about Mary, explained to her that she feared the dear child, who was evidently the object of some mysterious agency and design, would not be safe at Phoebe's cottage, but that she was to stay at Woodhurst Court until the earl and herself returned to claim her and take her to Beau desert Castle. Mina arranged that Phoebe should often come and visit Mary at the Court during her absence. This settled, the bride hurried down- stairs, and took a fond leave of Aunt Tabby, her father, and old Bussel, his wife, Mrs. Lackaday, the vicar, and Ladybird, and last, but not least, Lady Serena. She then fervently embraced Mary, and gave her into Aunt Tabby's special care. Then came kind farewells to old servants, school children, villagers, and then the earl came proudly forward and banded her into the travelling- carriage. Away they go. The postilions do not spare the four splendid greys. They are soon out of sight of Woodhurst Court and the yearning eyes that watched them. They are gone — gone on that journey whose goal is the grave. His arm is round her waist — her head is on his shoulder. Oh, that she had no saccet from him, or that she had courage to reveal it. Meanwhile, from the window of the Blue Chamber, Gaspar, pale with jealous rage, watches them till they are out of sight. Secretly and stealthily as he came, he leaves the Court. Ere long he is at the station. He enters the telegraph- office. He sends a telegram to a Captain Jinks. It is worded thus:— 'In C -- W --, as agreed, about 8 p.m. You 6 — he 4. Do it, and you're made.' The wires were disengaged, and an answer came at once— 'Consider it done.' A fiendish glare lighted Gaspar's eyes as he hurried away and was soon lost to view. THE TREATMENT OF INFLUENZA. — It iS of great importance to have the room Cool aNd properly ven tilated. In a common cold the patient is best in bed and in a warm room ; but in influenza, if the patient isnot too ill, it is better to get him out of bed after the third day, and place him on a sofa. Draughts and chills must be avoided, on account of the risk of in flammation of the lungs. As there is usually com plete loss of appetite it is a difficult matter to get him to take much nourishment. Solid food may have to be abstained from in bad eases for two or three days. Should beef tea be given it should not be very hot, as it is apt to increase the headache and anguor. Plenty of milk should be given, alone or mixed with sodawater, as may be most palatable to the patient. Cold drinks, orange and lemon juice, cream of tartar water, raspberry vinegar, weak citrateoef potash, citrio acid and water flavoured with sugar, barley water with lemon juice, infusion of mallows, and so on, should be given ab libitum, and when there is much fever they should be iced. Weak cold white wine whey often proves grateful. In the way of stimulants, clares or hock, with seltzer water, is useful; but in the case of old people suffering greatly from debility it is usually necessary to give part wine or brandy. As soon as the fever begins to subside, the patient should be encouraged to take solid food, although at first there may be little or no appetite. The air of the sick room should be kept moist by means of the steam of a kettle placed on the nob, or by putting boiling water into flat, shallow vessels. The inhalation of hot steam several times a day from a suitable inhaler may prove useful, and the addition of ten or twenty drops of chloreform into the water may subdue the violence of the cough. Great anxiety was felt recently for the inhabitants of Blaneford. According to a Portsmouth paper, a heavy fall of snow took place there, "covering the ground to the death of three or four miles." 