THESPIAN GLEANINGS. Tho Taylor-Gnmngton troupe — Stray Leaves— are making a goodly harvest by allow ing in the "shearing sheds" in the Bourke dis trict of Now South Wales. Gyo and Mapleson havo become oncratic Siamese twins." A glorious season of music in London will bo tho result. J. L. Toole opens his Folly by wisely re viving tho Upper Crust. Amy Sedgowick announces her farowoll at -the Criterion. - Littlo Joo has hesitation in visiting tho ! colonies of Australia, she having proved a splendid actress in America, and is afraid of being treated as a spoiled child in tho Antipodean metropolis of our juvouilo con- . tinent. ' oomo oi tuo comic songs sang, or rather howled forth, at tho London Music Hall aro, to say tho least, totally unfit for publication. -Herbert Reeves, son of the great invitcr to Como iuto tho Garden, is said to havo a better tonor voice than his warbling parent. If so, his songs will bo V too altogether blondod with incomparablo oxcollcneo." Some publisher or auothor keops an oyo on tho youth's debut. Herbert Standing, of the Criterion, is said to bo the most handsome man on the stago. liis friends say nothiug about his persoual ap pearance at homo. Miss Fanny Josephs is' about to try her third venture asAIamigorcss. The " Home of tho Romantic " is said to bo the Royalty. Tho Last Days of .Pompeii, with Irving as Arbaces, and E. Terry as Nydia, Tlie Blind Girlj will bo one of Irviug's ventures after Christmas." Mnddison Alorton, tho author of Box and CoXj and nearly a hundred roaring farces, is in his ninetieth year, and in quite tho reverse of comfortable circumstances. A small theatre opened' at Clapliam and called the "Band Box " ha3 proved a failure. Jefferson, our " Rip," has beon announced to appoar inn now creation in Now York this fall. „ The title is Too Clover by Half, Hutohings and Romor, the musical pub lishers of Conduit street, Regonts. have made a littlo fortuno out of an original song by Patti. She sang it for the first timo in a Swiss village at a concert given for the bonofit of local charities. It is called, simply, "Thou." > Tho _ Voices Family are now called tho Amphibious Morryinakors, for they live, act ond dispel care all the year round between America and Great Britain, niid koep the pas- songors amused during the oceanic transit. Maccabe, tho great Frederick Maccabo, mado his "first appearaupo in London, with Anderson, the Wizard of. tho -North. - Now Brooms, Byron's latest . comedy, is . said to be his best. fiftlarion Toriw lias severed hor connection with Air and Airs Bancroft, of tho Hayraarkeb Theatre. A piece called The Murderer in tlio Brigh ton Express, apropos of tho Balcolm tragedy, for which Lofroy. has boon sotitouced to. death, has beon condemnod by tho Lord Chamberlain. Pantomime is waking up. Our thoatres in Alclbourno aro throwing out their ground bait for reliable male "supers" and industrious and good-looking ballet girls. liico, the mind reader, has fairly astonished tho natives in tho backwoods- He thinks of interviowing Alelboumo somobimo before Christinas,. D'Arcy Road's Ghost still walks in Sydnoy, much to tho delight of the audienco and the company. Temora is painfully rushed by the sous and daughters of Thespis, The jovial diggers do not throw nuggets to Tom, Dick and Harry, Thoy know the true ring. Aladamo Scott Siddons has beon most enthusiastically received in India, Sho simply roads and leaves the rest of the work to tlio money takers. 