A CHAPTER IN REAL LIFE. STORY OF A MAD DOG. A summer seldom passes that the cry of 4 Mad dog !' is not heard in some direction or another; and many and stringent are the police regulations put in force to guard against the perils of hydrophobia. More than one unhappy dog, innocent of anything except fright or thirst, panic at being hunted, or having lost his way or his master, has fallen a victim to mistaken zeal. One day during last summer, ,a pedlar woman walking along the road observed a dog belonging to the. neighbourhood trotting calmly before her. She knew who was his owner and also that the animal was not far from home. A grassy nana was beside tne tootpatn, and in mis bank was a wasp's nest. The dog in pass ing it must have disturbed the insects, which flew out upon him, clustering about his head, and stinging him about the ears, eyes, and nostrils. The poor animal, frightened and in pain, sprang forward, rushing on with wild contortions of agony. A policeman coming up at the moment, saw him fly past, his tongue hanging out, his eyes protruded. Mad dog !' he cried, and the poor beast wa3 shot dead before the screaming woman, run ning breathlessly to the rescue, could explain what she had seen. 4 And a sore pity it was,' she said. 'As honest and faithful and as handsome a dog as ever stepped before its own tail. Not so mad, indeed, as the man that was in such a hurry to shoot him.' Of all the changes which modern and more enlightened times have brought about, there is none happier than that affecting the treat ment of sufferers attacked with hydrophobia. The writer of this is old enough to remember bygone tragedies connected with those victims, that make one shudder. There was no hope for the unfortunates. Death was the doom ; and at the first symptoms, the hapless human victims were ruthlessly destroyed ; suffocation between leacaer-Deas tne usual moae i jxu occurrence in humble Irish life, remembered still in the parish where it took plaee, and for the truth of which many can vouch, will illus trate painfully the above. The narrative will be best given in the words of ons of the family present at the time. Myself was in the house when it all hap pened, being fiist-cousia to Mrs Ryan, the mistress. A comfortable farm it was, and she well to do ; with, cows and other stock in plenty, and good land. Ryan had been dead some years, and she managed it all ; a clever, brisk, stirring woman. iShe'd been up and out in her dairy at three o'clock in the sum mer mornings, to get the butter off the churn in the cool of the day ; and then away with her across the fields to visit the cattle and oversee the labourers at their work. Many a smart young fellow would have been proud to help her, and right glad to step into Ryan's shoes if he was let. For she was pleasant to look at ; as comely as she was industrious ; tidy and trim, and wonderful at making and laying by money. But though she had a gay word for them all, and was blithe and cheery as the day, they soon found that coming courting to the winsome young widow was only wasting their time. She wouldn't listen to man or mortal. Her whole heart and life were bound up in her one child — a lovely boy. It was easy to see by the look that would come into her face, and the light and the love in her eyes as they followed him wherever he went, that she hadn't a thought to give to any besides. He was the entire world to her. Jcivery penny sue cuuiu uxa&e; vi smyc « o .u. him ; and late and early she worked to keep all things about the farm in the best order against he was old enough to take it up. A fine handsome child- he was ; merry as a bird, full of spirits and fun. He doted on his mother, and maybe she wasn't proud or him ! jfevery one loved him, even the dumb animals, he was so good-natured and kindly — joyous and bright like sunshine in the house. There's something in the young and their ways that the heart warms to, natural. As time wore on, young Ryan grew to be handy and helpful about the place, and knowledgeable concerning farm business. He was rising, sixteen years old,- a good scholar, and a fine well-grown active lad, when there came a wonderful hot summer, and rumours were rife about mad dogs saen going through the country, and of the terrible mischief they did. Cows were bitten, and pigs ; Christians were attacked, and a neighbouring farmer lost I two valuable horses, that went mad after 1 being bitten, and had to be destroyed. People were everywhere in dread and on the watch. AO One morning just after the hay wis gathered in and safe, herself and the b v were together in the yard, working awsr s busy as bees. They were seldom asuwlrr now ; for he had done with schooling. Yrri they always kept one another company ju-t . like a pair of comrades. There was cal t nineteen years difference between the ag-.i of the two. Talking merrily they were over their work, and laughing — he was full of his jokes — when a man came tearing into the yard, crying out that a mad dog was in the place, and was making straight for the field the cows were in. Quick as lightning the boy caught up a pitchfork and away with him like a shot to the field. Ffia mother flew after him, shrieking out to him to stop, and shouting to the men to follow. But he wan as light of foot and nimble as the deer ; and before ever a one could overtake him, -he had come up with the dog. The great animal faced savagely round upon the lad when ho made at him with the pitchfork, and bit an d tore with fury. But the brave boy grappled w ita mm, ana naa mm pinnea to the ground by the time the men came up and gave the finishing stroke. 4 Now, mother dear,' he cried in glee, 4 the cows are safe! Another minute and the brute would have been into them 1' But the poor mother wasn't heeding the cows, when her darling son, for whom shed have given all she was worth in the wide world, was there before her eyes all bloody and covered with foam from the beiai's mouth. She washed and bathed the bites, the boy laughing at her the while, and say ing, they were nothing. And nothing there was for a time. But what all dreaded and were looking: out for m trembling, came at last. He knew if himself, the poor fellow ! It was pitiful to see how he strove and fought manfully against it ; and forced him self to drink, when even the sight of water or any liquid was unbearable. He'd try and try to swallow, though it strangled him. No use, he couldn't get down a drop ; and tho convulsions were dreadful. At length ho grew violent, and went raving mad alto gether ; and hand and foot they had to tin him, to prevent his doing himself or others a mischief. The doctor came ; but what could he do? He was a good-natured man, and gave many a sixpence and shilling to those he knew needed nourishment more than .drugs; but no one thought much of his physicking. People said he had but the one medicine, and that he gave it to all alike, no matter what ailed them. Not that there was any harm in that, for it stands to reason that what would do good to one Christian couldn't be bad for another. When any of the quality were siek. they sent right away off to the city for the grand doctor there ; but our parish man was good enough for the poor. Anyhow, not all the doctors in creation could be of any use to the dear young master. There was but the one thing for him — his doom was sealed. And now the question was, how it was to be done. Three ways were spoken of. To smother him between two feather-beds ; or else carry him down te tho river and drown him ; or to open a vein and let him bleed away to death. The mother wouldn't hear of the smothering. When it was proposed to her, you'd think she'd go oub of her senses. Indeed, for the matter of that, it was much ... the same whatever plan was talked of ; they couldn't drag consent oat of her to any of thenf. God help her! 'twas a cruel strait to be in. At Ion? laBt and after much debate, it was settledth&t; a vein should be opened ; and when it was done, the poor fellow — laid upon a bed of Btraw in an out house in the yard — was left to die ! Oh, but that was the day of woe! The misery of it, and the despair of the distracted mother/ if I was talking, till doomsday I couldn't describe. Her neighbours and cousins and the lad's uncles flocked in, and were all gathered round her in the best parlour, striving to comfort her. They made strong tea, in hopes to get her to swallow some. They tried to raise her heart, telling her of the grand funeral he'd have — hundreds and hundreds coming to it from far and near — the handsomest coffin money could buy, real oak, with brass ornaments; and such a wake as was never seen in the country before ; no expense spared ! But you might as well talk to the dead in the clay. She didn't hear a word, but sat there without tear or moan — only her mouth working with the agony within— just a froze-up, stony image of Despair ! And you'd hardly know her, she was so changed. The bright smooth comely face all drawn and wrinkled like an old crone's, and ghastly pale. Sure it was no wonder, when all she loved upon earth was dripping out his young life within a stone's- throw of her. When they saw it was of no use, they let the poor woman alone. A gloomy silence fell upon the sorrowful company as they sat- there waiting— waiting for the end. Tha minutes seemed like hours. There was no stir except when now and then some one would whisper under his breath about the dying boy ; how pleasant he was, and gaj i how generous and open-handed he'd been. But no matter how sorrowful the house, or what woe and misery are within the walls, the business of life outside must go on. So when milking-time came, Kitty M4Cabe the dairy- woman — though the heart in her body was breaking — slipped out to call the milk mrls and see to the cows. Cominc back through the yard when the milking was done, she had to pass by the outhouse where they had laid the boy ; and for the life of her, she couldn't help stopping to try and listen how it was with him, and whether he was in heaven yet. There was no sound. Strict orders had beer? given that no one was to go in; but the door was not locked, and. she thought she'd just give it a small ehove and take one look. It was an old erazy door, contrairy and ill-fitting ; and at the first push it gave a great skreek and made so sharp a noise that she was frightened, and tried to pull it back again. The sight, : oo, of the blood trickling upon- the floor made her giddy and sick. 4 Is that you, Kitty M'Cabe?' came in a weak faint whisper from the far end. j Her heart leaped up at the voice she never \ thought, to hear again. 4 Ay is it,my hfef my darlin' ! jewel o' the world !'- -and ; pushed in, never heeding .the ©rderav®g0lo$!$|| i it, or the trouble and disgrace she was briOgw 1 ing on herself. f i = .v O Kitty, Pm lost with the thirst I Have you any milk?' 4 To be sure I have, darlint — lashins !' and she ran and filled a 'jugful. He drained it every drop, and then he called for more. 4 Pm better now, but weak as water. Untie me, Kitty, and FIT try to sit up. Don't be afraid. Some more milk now; it is doing me good.' He struggled up, and leaned the poor white face against her shoulder while she put the jug to his lips. They were pale as a corpse's ; as if every drop of his blood had run out. The milk seemed to revive him. She thought he'd never stop drinking. After a while he said : Go now, Kitty, and tell my mother Pm well— quite well. Something has cured me. Or stop ! I'll try and go myself if I'm able. She wont be frightened, will she, and think it's my ghost ?' 1 Heart's darlln' 1— 'tis clean wild with the %joy she'll be J But stay, jewel, till I've bound me handkerchief tight over against the cruel cut. There now, masther dear.' 'Beach me over that big stick in the corner, and I'll lean down upon you, Kitty, and make shift somehow to creep along and supported by the woman, he began with feeble footsteps to totter across the yard. Boused by a cry from one of the company, his mother looked np, and caught sight of the boy helped past the window. Staggering blindly in, he fell into her outstretched arms ; and as they closed convulsively round his half- fainting form, and 6he held him folded to her breast — fast locked and strained to her — all who were present and looked on knew that she would never part him more. And she never did. From that day out, sign ©r symptom of the madness never ap peared ; though he was long in recovering his strength, and had to be nursed and tended like an infant. He had, you see, hied such a power, that it was the world's work to bring him to. When the doctor fixed up the cut, he was a'mosfc gone. A minute more, and 'twould have been too late. The doctor said that all the poison of the dog's bite had flowed away out of him with the blood ; but what did he know ? Anyhow, there wasn't a healthier or a handsomer or a finer man than himself in the whole barony when he came to his full age ; over six feet in his stocking vamps, and broad-shouldered in proportion. But it was remarked by every one that his mother was never the same after that terrible day when he was laid in the out- hoase to die. — Chambers's Journal. 