YOUNG IRELAND A FRAGMENT OF IRISH HISTORY. BY SIR CHARLES GAVAN DUFFY, K.C.M.G. CHAPTER 5 .—TEACHING OF THE "NATION"— (continued). While these dangerous novelties excited the alarm of the Irish Government and the wrath of the Tory press, there was another potentate before whom their recep- tion was doubtful. O'Connell had imposed on his party a discipline which rivalled military or ecclesiastical rule in its strict ness. He had jealously reserved to himself the initiative in opinion and action, and maintained it by a constant censorship of he press. The young men knew this well, •nd cheerfully accepted him as the leader from whom the word of command and the plan of the campaign would emanate. But they too were giving their lives to the national cause, and must preserve their individual freedom and self- respect or the liberty they hoped to win would be only a name. Davis had a profound admiration , for O'Connell's ability, and a courteous and watchful consideration for his simplest wishes, far more scrupulous than that of the young men who were Catholics. He would have allowed no personal object to 'draw him into a controversy with the national leader; but he knew that it was in vain to hope for the help of the I'rotes.tant middle classes if nationalists were required to accept and echo all the individual •opinions of O'Connell, some of which twere mere personal animosities inherited from the feuds of the Catholic struggle. It was agreed among us that the object for which the Nation was established would be unattainable if we did not insist «m the right to advocate our individual opinions in our own journal upon all questions not fundamental to the existence of a Repeal party. It was not certain, :and seemed scarcely probable at that time, that the Nation could exist on these terms; «o journal had hitherto maintained itself in the confidence of the people without the support of O'Connell; bat it was obvious that for the ends in view it was not worth while maintaining it in existence on other terms. The content on this point was not long 4rferred. The new school of historical lilstature in France, and the daring politics «f the opposition under Louis Philippe, were male texts for lessons of hope and self reliane*, renewed from time to time. In the era of Uoche and young General Bonaparte, Trasce had been the asylum of , banished Irish insurgents; and the i reproach of belonging to a French party in dreland meant to imply a party conspiring for a foreign invasion ; and though in truth ! t V« hope of French assistance had for noax ** a generation died out of practical politics «f dwindled into a vague tradition J^Boney" %"*• ***^ * pleasant and familiar to the c.*" [** «? W* r***"*-, The TW, press imau^ 1**61* ™** - l!* m<" US Jere again w.^f^^y? "J 7.^!' party."—a French party associated witl all the mysterious horrors which that phrase suggested to loyal and timid persons. The Nation replied that it was as dis graceful to Irishmen to belong to a British party as to a French party; that for their part, the writers of that journal repudiated both factions. But if the charge meant that they desired to make Irishmen familiar with the historical literature of France, which had recently produced Thierry's admirable book upon England and De Beau mont's matchless book upon Ireland; to make Inland proud of her friendship, intimate with her condition, her history and her heart, their crime was still greater, for they desired open ports for knowledge and charity between Ireland and all the world outward and inward, prohibiting only what was immoral or slavish. France bad opened her schools and her camps to Irishman, sent them military aid in their contests tor liberty, vindicated Ireland through her great historians and orators, and on the other hand half a million ot Irish soldiers had died in her service; why should Ireland not hare friendship with France P* The traditions of the O'ConneU agita tions, however, were hostile to such sym pathy ', and Mr. John O'ConneU took occa sion, from the potential tribune of the Corn Exchange, which he occupied in his father's temporary absence, to raise a note of alarm. When the journal was only two months in existence he complained that the Nation proposed to increase our intimacy with a country whose first revelation won by blood and crime had done more damage to the cause of liberty than any despot. It was a significant symptom of the progress of the new ideas that, instead of silent acquiescence, which used to be the habit, this objection was immediately confronted. A young barristerf, wfc<> had hitherto been a silent member, replied that these were not the opinions of the Irish people; they had memorable obliga tions to France which they would not repudiate; and they eagerly desired the aid of her universal language in making their chums familiar to Europe. If Mr. JehnO'ConneUs horror of revolutions won by the sword induced him to reject this aid, ought he not, the orator demanded, on the like ground reject the dollars of Americans who had won their liberty with the same objectionable instrument ? A more formidable censor soon appeared however. Before the journal had reach* d its twentieth number O'Connell complair .ed from the same tribune that the Xatien waB praising writers not entitled to be pn feed, men like Dr. Maginn," Father Prout,'," and Maxwell, who were Tories, while it ab stained from the praise of writers If fe e Stai JUkver, worthy of applause. O'Cjountlis btmtTidutd of a literary man was such a one as Lover, who wrote charming songs in bis own name, and successful party squibs under the rose. But the author of « Handy Andy " and the * Essay on Irish Hajlada," who pandered to English pre judice by tt* 1"^ the stage Irishman as his hero, and treating street and stage songs as tii* authentic ballads of tue country, was odious to the young men; and as respects the others they had taught the doctrine that we were bound to recognise the genius of Irishmen irrespective of their politics. The Editor in the next number defended himndf on the express ground that as he had taken some part in the proceedings of the Association at an earlier hour on the same day, it. might other wise seem that be was present and did not maw tain his opinion then and there aa be would have been bound to do. He denied that Irish writers were to be refused due applause because they were Tories or because they bad assailed O'Con nell. *' We (be said) who want to make Ireland a nation, ought to be eager to trumpet the fame of all men of genius who share Tour Wood; every ooeof them affords anew argument why our country should 4 not continue a province." O'ConneU re * aewed the controversy with some asperity; but the Nation respectfully but equivocally declined to accept his judgment as decisive upon literary questions, or to narrow instead of widening the basis of the • During the time of tiiis French scare Davis wrote to lUMen-" Tbe paper.. selling finely. The authorships this week run. thus— * War ultaKmi warty.' by J. ?■ Murray; • Redaction If RawtaW the 'Faugh m Baltok,' by Duffy ; ™Tfa? no Vtttt '«- flteU* •* *2T''£?s •«• G?v«.' by myself. . . . The Mml v£v*U aar by-and-by we kave Hoofce* ghost or^hs MMal Guard In the ha* oSoejbut devil may care— * • Foes of Freedom, FaMyk a Ballagh: " t Andrew Ruaaell Stritch ; at the time an otmaaionsi cormspondent of the Nation, but sjtnc oos of Us regular oouteibuton. national party. This was but a straw on the wind, but at that time the con troversy was watched with lively interest. It was a more perilous experiment when the journalists became critics in their turn. O'Connell, who in Parliament was accus tomed to treat his opponents in debate with the deference and courtesy which render criticism effective, sometimes fell foul of them in the Corn Exchange in language of insufferable coarseness, lie had adopted this system in the Catholic agitation to en courage a people long enslaved, by abating the inordinate awe which they entertained for efficial authority. Hut this policy was singularly unsuitable to a national move ment which took conciliation for its motto, ana* aimed to win the support of all sec tions of the people. The Nation separated itself from this practice almost from the outstart "We dislike {Davis wrote)* the whole system of false disparajemenr. The Irish people will never be led to act the manly part which liberty requires of them by being told that' the Duke,' that gallant soldier and most able general, is a scream ing- coward and doting corporal." The English Chartists at this time were in general Repealers, but Repealers who dis liked O'Connell. They had accepted as leader Mr. Feargus O'Connor, a boisterous Irish barrister connected by birth with one of the leading men of '98, and who was proud of his hereditary principles. He had been a Repeal member in 1832, and had quarrelled with O'Connell on the method of conducting the agitation, lost his seat in consequence, and finding himself chut out from an Irish career sought an English one. The Chartists embraced his prejudices against O'Connftll, and O'ConneU returned their aversion and abuse with interest. Not from dislike to their principles, for he had been associated with Joseph Hume in framing the profession of opinions known as the Charter from wjhif-h they derived their name, but from dislike to their leader. Davis, who recognised in the English democracy a grow ing power with no interest hostile to ours, and which might become our ally, recom mended the Repealers to come to a good understanding with them;f malting no mare account of O'ConnelTs personal quarrel, where a national object was in view, than he would have made in such a case of any personal feeling or interest of bis owd,\ In another direction a more protracted controversy sprang op. O'Connell was passionately opposed to the Poor Law system, and desired to ace it abolished. It was undoubtedly open to serious objections; but it appeared to us that though the exist ing law was not wisely planned or gene rously administered it was better than the absence of all relief in a country suffering from chronic famine, and where the largest proprietors were absentees. It was more over die sole legislative recognition of the duties atd liabilities of property. Dillon ! accordingly debated and combated O'Con nelTs opinions from time to time, and in sisted that the law ought not to be abo lished but amended. All these controversies and remonstrances were conducted with the moat watchful courtesy and forbearance; and the points of difference were insignificant compared to the points of agreement; but OConnell was little accustomed to criticism within his own party. He had been often shame fully assailed, and often shamefully de fended, but a just discriminating judgment on his policy was so rare as to perplex hi jo. He instructed Mr. O'Neil Daunt to Inform me that he had been privately warned that the writers of the Nation were con spiring against him. He disbelieved the story, be said, but the suspicion would J spread if we were not more cautious. In truth the writers of the Nation were no more conspiring against him than the leaders of a Parliamentary Opposition are conspiring to change the dynasty. They had plans of reform and modifications of policy in view which they expected to be adopted under the legitimate pleasure of opinion, but adopted with the assent of O ConnelL None knew better than they did that it was only on such conditions in the last resort that they could be adopted. They loyally accepted bis leadership and constantly taught and practised the .duty of discipline, and that in all essentials the leader must lead. But they desired a con stitutional not a despotic method of government. In the General Committee, where im portant business was considered before it was submitted to the Association, the same class of differences arose. The working committee consisted of about twenty mem bers, augmented by .the occasional attend ance of\ men of note froav, the provinces. O'ConneiFsimmediate lieutenants were his son John, O'Neil Daunt, and at rare inter vals his eldest son Maurice. Maurice O'Connell in bis youth possessed many of the most engaging qualities of a Monster gentleman. He wwgaj,frsaik, courageous, fond of enjoyment, with agreeable talents for society, and talents for literature and politics sufficient to be notable. To the first Repeal agitation he tad brought a genuine enthusiasm, and he was the dar ling of the young men of the national party in 1833. With such gifts and attainments he was well qualified to adorn the station to which his father's genius had raised him; and men predicted: a happy and successful career for the heir of Darrynane. But an ill-assorted marri≥ made a total wreck of hu home and of itfs Ufa, and he did not find in public labors thd solace for private cares they sometimes afford. Mr. John O'CooneU bore slight resemblance dither to his father or his brother. When nature accumulates in a great man the force ordinarily distributed through seven! generations, she generally rt coups heiself by ascanij allowance to bis iauTOdiate successors, and && ?n? .of DCc vnnelTs distinguishing quafitte "was w berite?d by his favorite sen. Bis figure' was [nsignu.'tt&nt; and bis capacity madiactaV But he had steady industry, an easy and not unplet'sing address, and a certain sub dued sen** of humor which is not an nneommon attribute of feeble natures. Had his p*th lain among the by ways of life he might hare been happy and perhaps nsefuL But a public career by the side of his father led him into an arror which often betrays ordinary persons who associate habitually with men of powerful will; he believed that he could himself do what he saw daily done with such ease. He was seized with a desire to succeed bis father as tribune -of the people, without any <we of the rare gifts which the great agitator possessed for the office. The ambition of strong and generous natures begets emulation; the ambition of toe weak is apt to degenerate into envy; and in Mr. John O'Connell it was the root of many ~VAs/a?*,No. 34. t MdinL. No. S and No. 32. j J English Onartism at that tune umbered in its ranks several men who have sines won a respectable position in art literature or the practical bosueaa of lib. It failed not because its mm were wholly wr ing; most of them bare been since accomplished; but because it fell under the control «f a nu ao incompetent for the d&ce; of leader a* Mr. Fasrgos O'Connor. Mr. tfOonnftr fa the hero of a story which de serves to outlive bis political aeoierementtf. Bm father, Boger O'Connor, was tried for rob bing a mail coach with th« assistance of bis aMS The object of this adventure was pro bably to get posMMsioa <* P?U'tiaal document*, bat the Government thought proper to treat the KfflaSTxsss?rss nsbownTawusTtae pssweagaw by bwter ing £TJEd .a bis age andtofirsntie.. « Yob are SThard on mOMr. guard. - Why, my good £"•?• *™ mmt£l know me." -Of «m«e 140, your honor-why should not I? It was I that baa charge of the mail thmt night" i public disasters. Mr. Daunt was allied to • O'ConneU by sympathy, and foUowed him , cheerfully but* not slavishly. He was k i country gentleman of a moderate heredi tary estate and considerable literary cul ! tur?. It was said of him by a sarcastic ' critic* that be " built a big Gothic castle . and wrote a small controversial novel;" but -. he replied good-humoredly that it was the ' novel that was capacious and the castle piminutive, and that he was the author \ only of the former production. He was a , man of practical ability, exact method, and considerable information, and with these , qualities, being honest and public spirited, he would have made an invaluable head of a public department. But in a country i where an official career was reserved for Unionists he was thrown upon literature' for the employment of his leisure, and for1 this pursuit his gifts were less suitable. Mr. Daunt was tall and good-looking, with' the bearing of a courteous gentleman, but was too cold to be popular, and too much of a utilitarian to be acceptable to enthu siasts. John Grayt as the conductor of the sole daily paper in the national interest (for the. Morning Register merged in the Freeman's Journal about this time) held a position of influence and authority, and his lively in-> teilect and great activity impelled himtd take a constant part in the business of thei committee. His ancestors were Orangey men, transplanted from Ulster to Con-f naught in the interest of Protestant ascen dancy, but he had been a feilow- etudent with Davis and Dillon in the University j and with Mr. Torrens McCuUagh, who became bis brother-in-law, and probably more than either of the others, inilusnced his opinions in the direction they finally took. All these men except O'ConneU were in the flush of manhood, but he bad beside him also one of his old adherents and comrades of an earlier generation, Tom Steele. When the Catholics were struggling for Emancipation a young Protestant of CromweUian descent, whose enthusiasm fca* liberty had lead him to volunteer among the Spanish revolutionists under Mina. joined the Catholic Association and became a steadfast personal adherent of O'ConneU. Wherever there was a local despot to be faced, ora popular tumult to bequeUed, there he insisted was his poet. Themannerinwuich he had thrown himself into these services was impressive and dashing, and if it was also a little exaggerated and fantastic, popular audiences do not dislike melo drama. But time had dealt rudely with the aged agitator; he was now sorely dila pidated in mind and body, and peculiarities which were pleasant fopperies in a young man had become painful. He wore a faded undress uniform which had once been blue, but had ceased to be of any appreciable color, and spoke a language which could only be matched in the romances of knight-errantry. O'Connell had named him in sport his " Head Pacificator," and to per form what he supposed to be the functions of this imaginary office was the business of his life. There was a story founded on his idea of pacification which amused Dublin dinner tables in those days. After his quarrel with Mr. PurceU, OWmneti on some Occasion expressed his intention of letting bygones be tygones if PurceU would only become a Repealer. "Liberator," ex claimed Steele; M you may forgive him if you think fit, but I solemnly warn you that, as' Head Pacificator,' I can never for give him!" Such was Tom Steele in 1842, fad it required a lively sense of his former serf j&ss; to listen to him with patience in a : •ttfUnctf where ihe fortunes of a country wet H at stsJkj?, haranguing in language fit for the "?WJ* ?f Garagantoa.?: Ajiother ott??wi adherent of O'Connell was a voungeT ??d more serviceable man. Thomas' Matthew Q*Tf &? Secretary the Association, possessed fwsikable powers of organising and eapenntending work and practical ability generally. O'ConneU discovered him i* fhe Trades Political Union, marked his capacity, cad transferred him to a place where there was more opportunity for its exercise. He seldom spoke in the Association or its com mittees, but be possessed a talent rarer in Ireland than the gift of speech—be might be counted upon for seeing done efficiently and silently whatever was ordered. The leastreputable of O'ConneU'B personal staff, and the one whose connection was perhaps most damaging to him, was Richard Barrett, editor of the Pilot. Mr. Barrett was brother of gtpnard Barrett, who at the beginning of the century had attained some reputation as author of a political satire "All the Talents "§ and a burlesque novel, * The Heroine.'' Kichard, lite his brother, began life as a Tory journalist, and dis tinguished htmsslf by yimknce against the Catholics; bujt in tie find he took service undertheCatholicAfi?oeutisn. {twasMhe Pilot the public fetters of O'ConneU first ap peared, the majority of them being addressed directly to "My dear Barrett" and it was this preference whjch alone sustained the journal in a poor and preparious existence. Mr. Barrett bad considerable ability ?>d a store of inexact and undigested information. In private he was a genial companion And general " good feUow," but whatever con victions he had at any time held were long extinct, and his word carried no authority with friend or enemy. His newspaper some one said was like a torpid viper, which only awoke to inflict a wound. When there was no enemy of O'ConneU's to chastise it was edited in so random a manner that then nave sometimes appeared two articles in a number taking conuadictory -views of the same question. To read the MS. or even the proofs of his contributors, was a task for which he had seldom industry; but if the eat-'o-nine-tails was in demand Richard was himself again. |1 • Haddjn's - Ir*t&n4; and Its Batata." tln later times Sir John Gray and mcmbe* Ot pariiameatfor fthecity of Kilkaniy. t 4. stele apeoi?oen «f his style will probabl Moftsutlb? wafer. Mr. Steele rose and ex •bused,•• 1? H?f*pe fif «tts*d te«W, •*& ia the prolong of a?y august fr<end OX&maen;, the moral Begsnsrator.wpo taaflwpGded to me the sanctified duties of bjs Qaad Faei£fia|or, I eater and record my most solemn protest against tha doctrine jest promulgated by the American who hasnow addressed ua. . . Let u« always act on the gorgeous principle of COonnA." Benetl Association, June 9, 1843. § «on all the Talents vent your venal spleen. Want your defence, let misery b? your screen. 1' " KagUab Bards and Scotch Reviewers" U Do roa remember O'Oonncdl telling us the inoideota of bis fint reJatjoiM with Barrett ? B. had written U him several times, proposing to beeouM 7lm adheijs?i; CfOoobdl Cor some tuts took no notice, but at length wrote to say tbalgfset tfrar—"f •oodiutad their negotia tions by protocols, bat aa he was not a great statesman be preferoed doing business face to face. Barrett then called «poo him, and, added o*o, we aeon arranged oar again. . Yon then said,"And a precious bad bargain you got." "Saving your prssenes," said Dan, *devU • worse; bat be was of use at the lime."— frivol* JVoU, penesme. (To be continued.) Throat Affbctioks Ain>'.Hfi > WBEffres.— all •offering from irritation of tue throat and hoaraeaeM will be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use of "Bromta Uroncbja) Troches." These famous " lozenges" are now sold by most reepecUbU chemists in this eonntry at U. lfcL per bus People troubled with a "hacking cough," a 'eltgbt cold," or bronchial aifeetfona, caaoot try them tow mod, as similar troubles, if allowed o progress, result in aerions Pulmonary and Astbmttto Bffsstjmns. gee that the words <• Brown's Bronchial Trashes" areon the Govern ment Stamp around each box.—Prepared by JoHM I. Bbowm & Sons, Boston, VS., European depot removed to 33, Farringdoa-raad, London. flftjato 