STRAY LEAVES. BY « THE GLEANER." ^ "A noble soul expands above a little chaff." CODJI. <$r/B ÖEVIL wasiádvised to join the Gröod Templar brothèrliood the other day. He became very wrath, considering himself grossly insulted. SERMOKS are pperatiDg^st^ow ^e/sifecv tual soporifics. ';? Somnolence^ ^fljecjfced of otherwise, is the latest Kohbj OT ow-roii.- - WE had a curlew the Qtter âigjbnt somez body else owns him now. The first eve of bis, sojourn...with us be went, in for a good time. In the " silent midnight hour he began to. chaont « loveifitty.1 ffis plamtivV ululations, which were as evanescent as a long beer before a toper, brought around state of estuation, and it we had only hit them with, the bricks, &c;, the demonstration would have been postponed until 'the mil lenium, C*V*i ..?-* ARCHIE YtiwiMn has ralten by storm, and holds captive, the hearts of several of our circean lassies. Tis the climacteric of Charley Strange. ARCHIE, Johnny Gough's tiger, is fre quently taken for a "squattah." JOHN HT HoiibBN now dons an Oxford hat. Much is the Admiration theredfl THE cricketers of Parramatta, were too much for the Windsor team on Saturday last. -What with "hard luck" and the absence of the liest men, they didn't stand . the ghost of La chance. THE Sackville and Enfield clubs met \ on Saturday. The Sackville team came off victorious. ; THE Good Templars are in fever heat. '? They intend to \ enetrate to the bowels of, the earth, in order to ascertain the where abouts of. the person, who " let the cat out of the bag." Of course, everybody knows who informed us of the little fake-but the majority are hurling indignities at the^ head of a young lady member of the lodge. Why is this thus / Is this the boasted viriüty.öf the. Templars '! Why should-this : young girl's assertions ue impugned. We ' can bear out her denial. ; and though the: Good Templars are a few we are some. It might he conducive to their well-being it! they let the matter drop. Oim TOMMY had a birthday the other day. The comps wish he had one every . FROM occurrences frequently brought to' light, I opine that, a policeman stationed at Riverstone wouldn't be at all an unnecessary cviL. PLENTY biz at the Windsor Police Court on Tuew'ay.^ The Fancy lent a ;karm to' "-viii tile turmoil aiid. strife have wilded. \ THE aroma around some of our by-ways aud alleys is really exhilarating. . lt sur passes ottar. of roses-that is, in producing nausea. Verily, we are a contented people. WE had shipping in galore in port this week. The jolly tars made things lively. Many had. to " peel off " and buoy their clippers o'er the shoals. But the. dredge is coming-so is-now, that'll do ! FRANK ROSA bid £20,000 for Punch's Hotel, Sydney, tho other «lay. So he says.' GREAT was the grief in the House of the gay Muleteer the other evening. The fleet footed mule was afflicted with an illness of an alarming character.. The medical faculty was . well represented, and a thousand and one remedies, from a barrel of yeast to a chaw of tobacco, were prescribed to pull her through. Solicitous parties caused a per petual din around the locality. What the disciples of iEsculapius could not do, nature and a strong constitution accomplished. Lobster , is once more to the fore. THE latest fashion out has been imported into Richmond from Brumagem. The style is for ladies to walk the fields of May bare legged, holding in each hand a pot of XXX. MILES'S BOY says he knows two cusses who lately made the price ot a watch at a quadrille, party. He doesn't state how, though. To BE seen alive in Richmond, a brown horse, warranted to carry two outside pas sengers. THE Good Tipplers of Richmond have dropped on to a proselyte, in tJie shape of a vivacious lady, who^was-W^nt to get out side of " tangle," Jbut whojaow chants in the lodge-room^.^^Jljpsanna^mosj High," and hawks arom^iÀB^^apers. ALIMENTARY .parties.: Jiad a good time this week. Tne&dny; will be memorable tor its production of pancakes. ASH WEDNESDAY brought to the post hordes of tub-thumpers. 