MR LEAKES LIFE- Whon a man's Impalsee powerfully and In- etlnotlvely org© blm to ono vooatlon, euooose may be predloted. Nature's instincts speak truer than parental hopes. To this all power ful oonsolousnesB of- a special mlsilon Is primarily duo tho appearanoe of Mr W. H. Leake In Melbourao. Like our old aud still lamontod friend, Charles Vlncont, bo was educated for the Church. Like hliu, ho re- nounced it, and followed the promptings of hlswifh. Born In London, ainld the peaceful surrounding of tho nferiot religious disripllno of tho household of his father, a Wesloyau minister, he was conveyed to Amorlqn when but fivo yeareold; subsequently returned to England ; at tho ago of eleven was schooled at Gheetor for tbreo years ; apprenticed to Messrs Corbott, of Gray's Inn road, en- glnoers ; served his articles ; roorossed to America In 1852 ; pursued his business thoro ; ana toen, as ma la.uer a hie tinvols on tho hard, iron rood, and com- menocd to otndy for tho ministry at a Now York college, his two brothers hating adopted tbo tamo profoieloo. Bnt tho .logo (over bad alroady gripped blm, and his mind refused to settle down to the framing of sermon., or his voioo attcnc itsolf to tho moderated "hoeannah" of tho hymnal of tho groat founder of " Methodism." So, in 1837, ho joined tbo mighty company of tho " pro'r," aa a raw recrnlt, and ho carried tho one-sided banner with muoh roepeotfnl re. gard to tho concealment of its hypoority ; delivered hie stage missives with so mnob of tho air debonnnlra ; oonenmod paeto banquets with enota a punctilious aspeot of enjoyment ; announced the non-existent carriage or the arriving visitor with euoh discrimina tion, that he attracidd attention, and epcodlly began to " pose and go It alone." Quitting Buffalo, bo migrated to New York, alter playing a short engagement at Biltlmore, and in tho former oity bo bad the good fortune to meet with Edwin Forrest nt the time when bis style was undorgoing transmu tation. and porceptibly dropping from tho high pitch of doolamatlon once doomed essential to the lower, yet more natural, key of tho modern eohool, With Forrest ho travelled for thrco years, from lSlil to 1SG3 InclOBlvo, playing sxrao nenvy uusiuesi, e.g., tbe Ghost in Hamlet, Isgo, Macdnff, Rich mond, Appius Oiaudins etc., eto,, and the training thus noquired soon enabled him to assume tho loading roles In other parts of the States. During this period ho beaamn asrociatod with James Anderson — the old seboni Boanerges — whose arrival in this oity wbb codnoldent with thnt of Walter Mont gomery. and with Davenport, Charlotte Ccshmnn, Dillon, Booth, and others ol the American eohool who have achieved European notoriety. Subsequently ho supported Miss Loulie Pomeroy in a tour In the Statre j closed bla American experiences for tbe present at Cincinnati ; thenoe prooteded via San FioocIeco to Sydney, whore ho had a good run for eight weeks ; , afterwards amused blm.elf by a short season at Little Hotart for a fortnight, and finally attained Melbourne, Intending, if bis style succeeds with tbe critical audiences ol Australia's metropolis to tbenco telle ship to England, in wbiob coun try be has not up to the prosont time pot- formed. Like most experienced leading men, MrLsxka bos dabbled in authorship, and - tbe seoond character he person&tee; in Melbourne, after the conclusion of tbe run of Bartlsy Campbell's ploy, My Partner, will be that of D'Arta;- nan, in his own dramatisation of Dumas' Three Marketeers.. He will also allow us to sample his quality as a Shakesperlan actor in Hamlit, and may poseibly play tbe tmnl round after Easier. On Saturday he make, bis debut ae Joe Saunders, in the drama of My Partner, whioh 8 r ne of those geno rkt tehee of the life of the miners' camps In the Ga'.lfornlaa Sferr.v, which natnrally remind us of Bret Unrte's Two Men of Sandv Bar. The plot is rimpir, tho story being that of two men who quarrel for the usual reason— aad, In consequence, part in anger ; the one, Singleton, taking his share of their mutually corned gold with him, For his " nuggets and dnst," he is mnrdeied, Suspiolon lays its heavy hand on his former pnrtaor, whom circumstantial evidence convict-, and only by the accidental discovery of tho ahlrt of tho roxl murderer in an abandoned shaft is Joe saved from tho death penalty. The plot holds together well, tho action mores eleadlly, and two of the scenes eze.t that thrilling effect wbiob pleases the lover of sensation, and makes h|m feel satisfied tbat his nerve, havo been agitated correspondingly with tho prioe paid for admission. In style. Mr Leake is an actor ol tho sub dued echool— tho modern Feohtorlan. Ha lovts to truet for his effect- to low-voiced nntcre. He abjnreo rant, though at times infilling muoh passionate force into his favourite assumptions. Ho plays Riohelten —which some consider hi. best impersona tion—after the school of Talbot or Montgomery In this Talbot must havo precedence. Chang ing popular taste haB taught him to avoid the iond-mouthed declamation which was the vogne in bis youth; and If the exigencies o the time and tho increasing craving for novelty have led him to ropoxe more upon the lower heights of the drams, and leave the Alps ol Shakespeare lees trodden, it is not for want of vonoration for the master or stndent-Iiko ap- preciation of him, His appoaranee will, there fore, bo anticipated with interest, for trained actors grow yearly rarer. 