SPOTS. AND. BLOTS. ANL OLD CIRCUS CLOWN. In that county fitly called "the G arden of England." I had determined to spend my holiday. In one of my favourite walks I frequently passed a pretty, old fashioned, well-kept cottage, which even a lover of Londoneould not fail to admire. I had often noticed an old man working in the garden, and pottering over some favourite plant, but I had no idea that he was an old circus clown till- we drew to gether through me. noticing that he was particularly fond of children. He would sometimes spend half an hour at a time walking through the garden with my lit tle girl,. telling her the names of the flowers, and showing generally a very intelligent interest in the habits and culture of his plants. All the children in the village loved Ben Jarvis-he had such a kind, genial way with him; and where children lead in this respect, we hard-grained seniors may safely follow. "And you thought I was a born gar dener, sir,l did you?" he said, with a hoarse chuckle. "Lor' bless you. I've been among tents and sawdust all my life, and travelled hundreds of milesewith our circus and wild beast show. We had a taking lot of animals too, what with lions, elephants, and camels--to say nothing of the monkeys. Seem fond of children ? I am fond of them. I can't help feeling soft as a babby when they come prattling about me, with their in nocent eyes shining up into mine. Yet curious thing, sir, I never took particular notice of children till I took charge of Daisy, my chum Joe Sando's little lass. " How was that, do you say ? It's a true story, and if you've time I'll tell it you. "Joe Sando and me was chums in the profession-the twin Apollos we called ourselves. You smile, sir, at that ; but, mind, I wasn't old and cranky-boned then, nor so awful ugly either; and Joe -he was a picture of handsomeness, and as fine a fellow as I ever saw-we were always just like brothers." And Ben's voice grew hoarse, and his eye misty, at the recollection, while his sudden turning away, it struck me, was not altogether in the interest of the flower over which he bent. "Joe and me never had a quarrel for all the years we were together, and that's saying a deal in that knock-about life where there's more jealousy and envy than anyone would believb that's not been in it; He got married to a beautiful woman and clever, but that made no' difference in ear friendship, though in my heart I never quite liked the choice he'd made. Joe's wife was too beautiful-' like some o' them red-cheeked apples of mine along there, which are the very first that the birds make a dab at with their beaks. "I soon saw how things were going, and Joe saw it too, though nothing but sad looks ever passed between us; and one day, when we were changing our town, she didn't turn up. She'd bolted with a swell, and we never clapped eyes on her again. At first Joe would not elieve it, until I found a letter she had eft for him, showing she never had a woman's heart. ' Well, that was the first thing that broke his spirit' says I, when she bolted. 'Don't fret, Joe; she's not worth it.' But it's easier to tell a man to orget his wife than it is for him to do so. I said, 'It's a good thing she's left Daisy o us '-that was his little girl, just urned seven; but Joe only shook his sad. At first, I thought he would have one out of his mind ; but, even with our reatest sorrow, you know what time does, nd so it did with Joe; but that sorrow hanged him, and he used to vent his ill emper upon a nasty-tempered lioness we ad-a snappish minx that would have ua'rrelled with her own' shadow. Juba e called her, and I was her keeper. " In our circus we had to turn our suds to any kind of work. I do believe cople would not come in such numbers ow to sec a procession a quarter of a ile long come into a town as they did, ears ago, to see our little lot when it rrived. Well, Juba couldn'i frighten e with her growls and her great white eth, but nobody else would have truisted emselves inside the bars of the caravan ge. The two lions used to draw just th their roaring. The old lion we called him Falstaffe-was get ng wheezy and consumptive, but was ery fond of me-used to feed out of my and, and lick my face, and lay his paw a my shoulder when I went in to clean ut his cage; but Juba was young and avage; so we'd two compartments to her age, and used to pop her into one, and en let down a slide while we c-eaned at the other-just to prevent mistakes, on know. Well, this was the one Joe elighted in teasing, making faces at her, nd calling her all sorts of names, just as she'd been the wife that ran away. Of orse, he did it at a respectable distance om the bars of her cage, where there asn't a ghost of a chance of her making quick claw at him, but it was a foolish ag to do, for them beasts has mere in eir heads than folks believe, and can sep up spite for years, and never foret ho did 'em wrong. But for all I spoke him, and warned him, Joe wouldn't eep away from her cage. "About this time we came to a tidy Ille town, where we were sure of a onth's good business at any time. Joe d me were favorites there, and on the ght of our benefit the public let us know in the best way they could,' for a ammed house wouldn't- hold all i that me. We got to the place all right, only t the old lion, Palstaffe, got a tremien. us bad coldon tlie way,-and coughed, d was so ill, that the ' vet' said he ouldn't lire many days. I nursed himn a child, and when he couldn't hold his head even, he'd look at' me that teful, and lick my hand so, that the ars came into my eyes. : I loved that d lion. "Circus people aint slothfullie- a-beds, d one morning very early, though I'd en up nursing old Palsiafre long after performance, I went the round of 'the · ' ' '' r animals to see that everything was right and in doing so had to cross the circus. The place was sort of dark, but, I don't know how it was, the minute I got inside the door I 'stood still as if my heart had - scented a kind of danger Tcouldn't see. Then I looked away up on' the gallery seats, and saw two shining things, like small red lamps. There was a growl at the same minute I spotted 'em, and my heart gave a jump so that I thought it had been in my mouth, for I saw at once that Juba had got out of. her cage.. The show of fear with. wild beasts .is fatal, so I picked up a whip,: and, cracking it, made for the galleryas fast as I could scranible. "'Why, you okdacious minx! How dare you break oa-t of your cage without 1 my leave? ' I cried; and she, cowered downdat once, for she'd always been afraid of me from the time when I'd to get that left hand of mine out of her teeth by striking heron the head, I laid the whip about her hide in tine style, I tell you, and drove her down the seats to her cage, and in at the bars she'd broken, and pull ing up the slide shut her in the inner com partment before I noticed that her'mouth and teeth were soaking with blood. "'What have yim been up to, you brute?' I cried to ner, making a drive at her ugly head thro.igh the bars. 'Some of the dogs or monkeys have suffered, I suppose, and you won't need any dinner to-day. Wait till the governor comes in; and see what he'll say to you.' Some more of the company came in just then, and we traced the drops of blood right up to the gallery, and then I picked up something like a jacket and a scarf. The light wasn't good, but it was strong enough for me to see that the jacket and the scarf belonged to Joe. Some of them had to hold me up, for my legs gave way under me. They searched further, and behind the seats they found part of the dead body of Joe Sindo, my best and faithful chum. However he'd got in there, and how Juba had broken her bars and got out, I never knew; but I expect Juba had been out most of the night, and had wolfed up Joe when he wandered in in the early morning, maybe to tease her. While they were holding my hands and saying all sorts of kind, soothing things to me, I remembered about little Daisy, that never was a dozen yards from her father's side, no matter where he went. I thought the worst. Perhaps the father had been killed in defending his child, and that he had not succeeded. "' Where's the child ?' I shouted out, sort o' crazed-like. '.Where's. Daisy?' Nobody had seen her, and they triedr to make me believe it was all right, till some one ran to her lodging and said she'dgone out with her father and had not been seen since. Then I tore through the place, looking everywhere, and shouting for her, till at last I notices a white thing like a child's frock behind one of the seats. I staggered over to it, and looking down I saw her lying with her eyes closed, and the mark of a broad red tongue on her pure forehead. I screamed out that she was dead, but she wasn't. She was lying there fast asleep, or maybe in a faint from fright. There was a terrific rumpus in the towni when it got known that one of the lions had killed and eaten a man. In the afternoon the guv'ndr came to me, and said he, ' Ben, depend upon it the authorities will insist on the lion being shot that killed Sando. Let's put them on to old Patstaffe. See see?' and then he nudges.ne kind of sly like in the ribs. "' What do you mean?' I said, not taking him up. "' Oh, Falstaffe won't live a week---he can scarce lift his head, and every breath seems a trouble to draw; but Juba's worth a lump of money any day-youn and strong, and likely to live. I can t afford to lose her. We'll put old Fal staffe'out of pain and say notlbing about it.' "Dash me if I could see -it ! It gave my heart an awful pull, I tell you, to think of poor old Falstaffe being shot for the offence of a brute like Juba; but what could I do ? It was as much as my bread was worth to speak out. In the afternoon in comes the Superintendent of Police. He had a long conversation with the governor, and I heard him, say,' You had better have that done before you'are told to. It will help to get you out of the trouble.' On passing the lions I saw the governor 'point at Falstaffe. Juba was asleep, and so looked quite small and innocent-like, while poor old Falstaffe seemed to sniff danger, for he-lifted' his great head and gave a kind'of 'a growl. And be looked that noble-like, facing us all in his old age and weakness. - The guv'nor said, 'If you stop a minute you shall see it done.' ''hen he loaded agun, and comes up to me and. puts it in my hand, saying, 'Ben, you know I told you I should have the liun shot, and-you're up to the ways of. the brutes; just you do the job so's to give the least pain.' But just then the poor old brute gets his affec tionate eye on me-kind of half surprised. like he looked-and :I droppedd the gun like as it had burned me. 'I'll die first' I shouts out afore 'em 'all'; and the?s, like a babyas I Iwas, I-covered pimy?'eyes' and cried.- That was the last lokI got at poor old Falstaffe, for, in a minute, there was a shot, and I started to see him roll over dead in the bottom of his cage, with the, last look of his glazing eyes; fixed, -?reproachful-like, on me.-.- YonuI woulddn't believe me, sir, but I never felt. sodown.hearted and- lneso'ein: my life as I did then-losing my chrin and iny old lion all-in a breath as yoybi:dgbitsay,i and knowing allthe time ilit:at at abhe devilF Juba watlite vagabofid 'tisift 0oghti to have suffered. S" All the company, out.d ~respeet, at tended the funeral. , H?w unlhke'.was that procession to the one when we entered i the town. The little church on the nill side, standing surrounded iby its grave- I yard, was soon reached. What a?'qiee t i resting-pliicc, -I thought;' for poor 'Joe. Under the shade of awillow-tree te Ifm rs' Shad been duig, and I; feeliug w'es~y acid heart- sick; wished it had been my resbting -place too. ' By the side of poor J9e'sagrave I promised to take. care of Daisy, and every honest man knows what such a pro mise means.: I kept my word. S"We left the town a few days after the -funeral- not because our business had fallen off, for that was better than ever ; and'I believe if we could "have owned to the fact that the public were looking at the animal that rcalTlykilled Joe, instead of at its mate, we should have done better stilL. ":I took in hand to bring up Daisy, and be. her father in :place of him that was gone. Up to that time I never took much notice of children- they wasn't much to my taste; ;but Daisy' soon changed all that.: She was so sweet, and loving, and tender; and so beautiful, too, that every body said it was plain that she' wasn't long for this world. Ha ! ha! ha! It's me that knows better now. I.watched that child, and. looked after her till she pulled me right away from my loneliness and sorrow. She grew up calling me "Father," and I never stopped her; itr was sort of nice to hear her say it. I never tired of training her' and bringing her on. She was soon able to go into-the ring on horseback with the guv'nor, who was a splendid horseman, and then she was starred in the bills as " The Little Fairy'; and she was that, and nothing else. I told the guv'nor that if an acci dent should happen to her in the ring in his hands I'd be nigh killing him; but he only laughed and said, 'You think she's a dolt, Ben; she couldn't hurt herself no more than a butterfly falling from a tree.' And he was right. How my heart used to swell with pride when she went through her performance. Then I thought of the future. Was my Daisy to grow up and to be knocked about in the profession after I was old or dead? Not if I knowed it. Most of the appren tices in our circus knew nothing beyond their ring training, but every town we went to I claps Daisy into the best school in the place; so she grew up a reg'lar young lady. Thinks I, if she's to be in a different sphere, people won't laugh at her for an ignoramus-rather she'll make em open their eyes. One season when s'e was down Manchester way, playing at the Onion Fair, a young gent saw her and lost his heart straight away. He could do nothing but came in to every performance, and gaze at her and ap. plaud; and he never noticed me in the ring, though I was watching him all the time, and reading him like a book. I knew what was his.trouble, cos I'd had it myself when I was young, only, the poor girl died and I never troubled with ano -ther. But one night he had a talk with me. ' Now, look here,' I said, when he'd gone over his story, 'love's .11 very well, you know; but you don't mean to say you'd marry a common circus girlP' 'She's not 'a common circus.girl!' he said, proud and eloquent-like, and I was, shut up for a minute. Tell you, he scored one there. His prospects were good-too good, I thought;' for I feared the fate that had overtaken her mother. Well, time went on and we changed our town, and then I thought he would forget her; bautno, letters came from him often, and very nice letters they were. " When Daisy sent her first letter in reply, I posted it. It looked so neat, and read so well, that I said to myself, ' Ben, old man, you're getting value for the girl's schooling ;' and I was. At last it was arranged that she should leave the circus, and I remember the governor say ing, lie; 'hoped the ring she was changing' for would suit her as well as the one she was leaving;' but it had not come to that yet. She stayed with my married sister in London, and went to school for more than a year. She had grown very pretty -a little like her mother was' when he married her, but a more home-looking girl, and she loves me like her father. On the day they were married I felt my promise had been so far kept to my old feiend. "Did I ever hear anything of her mother ? Well, I did hear that the fel low who took her away behaved shame fully to her, and that she died abroad. " Well, they did marry, and very happy they are. The little home I've got I owe to Daisy's husband, and most of the comforts I enjoy with it; but when I tell him so he says, 'No, no, Ben-think what I owe to you in a true and loving little wife.' They wanted me to settle with them, but I wouldn't.. " ' No, Daisy, dear,' I said, ' I'll love you till you die, the same asif Ihad been 'your own father; but I'educated you'for a different sphere, and I'll come and see you sometimes, but it wouldn't do for me to bring shame.on yo'; and nothing they could say would put me. off .the' notion. I see them often. .That was them you saw in my garden yesterday, and the lady as kissed me at the gate was Daisy." 