.LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. 3Jeli- OvK'. — We are unavoidably com pelled to hold over the second part of Mr. Townspnd's-ertJcle on ' Flnoifo anil droughts, and how to .guard agaiuBt them.'' iLisT 3Teae's Wrecks. — The Gazette pnb \- lisliea the following particulars of wrecks ?wliich have occurred on the coast of New South Wales daring the year 1880 :— The ?number of vessels wrecked was 18 ; tonnage, ;3,816 ; lives lost, A1-; value of property ?lost, £21,210, besides -2 cargoes of coals, , -value not known. MAGISTERIAL INQUIRY.— In the absence of the district coroner (J. O. Dodd, Esq.), N. Connolly, Esq., J.P., held an inquiry on Saturday last, at Rockford, Teesdale, the residence of Mr. Matthew Dwyer, touching the death of Michael Gerruguty, who died suddenly on Friday evening, April 1st. From the evidence it appeared that the deceased, who had been ailing some months, left Sydney about a week previous, accompanied by his aunt and a young man, his cousin. He arrived at Rockford a few days afterwards, where, it was hoped, the change of air would benefit him. Soon after his arrival his friends sent to Dr. Smith, Carcoar, for some medicine which seemed to relieve him, and no unusual symptoms appeared on the day he died. He sat up all day, and retired to bed about 11 o'clock at night with his cousin who occupied the same room. About half past 11 his cousin called out, "Mother, I think Michael is dying." Mr. Dwyer at once hurried into the room and found he was just expiring. He was quite dead when his aunt reached the room. We understand that no hopes were entertained of his recovery when he left Sydney. He was the last of a large family who all succumbed to that terrible disease consumption, and, at the time of his death, was little under 21 years of age. Had he survived he would have inherited £6000. Though born of Irish parents he was a native of Sydney, where he was buried on Monday last. J.aks SAt«.— 'flie Gazette notifies that a sale «f 'Crown Irtnd will take place at Cuwra. ?on W'einesSay next, Ajwil 18. ? Incendiarjsm. — A well attended meeting was held at Orange last Thursday week, the ?Mayor being in ^l»e ?cna'iv, for the' purpose of expressing detestation at the recent act of incondiavistn'on'lho property of James Dal ton, flftd to 'consider the best steps to be taken to give pt action! pxpi-ession to the feeling of at liorrence of a crime so cowardly and dastardly. It was decided that a (and should be raised to supplement the mvrard offered by Mr. Dalton for the conviction of the outrage. — ftcho. Ctow&v.; — Eigkteen selections, ( flVernglng over 130 «cres each, were selected at tho Cowra Land Office last Thursday w-eefe. The total area selected was 2471 acres 2 roods, tl« ?cash receipts for the same being 25 per cent, deposit, taken by Mr. Simpson, tbo local land agent, which amounted to £617 17s. 61— Ad- vices were 'received here lately that. Cowra grown wheat had i«attse4 (lie highest price at Mort's produce Rules, where the greater portion of thf season fe «rep has bees 4iaposn£ of. — EcJio. Amkeican Cihcub. — The American Circus gave an entertainment on Saturday evening last, but owing to the slieitnesB of the notice gicen, the auflience wafi not large. The feats of the Wnlhalla Brothers, and Barlow's dogs and monkey were nrst-clasti, and taken as a whole, the cirens is well worthy of .patronage. The Sotctherh A.tkhjs. — ^We were pleased to observe that -tlio above journal is now Wng -issueS us a -J«tfy paper, winch foot plainly sliows that there is some pluck in: tbe new proprietary. We Unist they w:M Teceive the support then.1 ?ventnte merits. ! ?Goveunhkwt Contracts. — The following tenders for the supply-of forage 'Tor the police liave been accepted -. — Blayney, M. F. M'jl loy and Co. ; 'Cunowindra, Heaton Brothers'; ?Carcoar, H. McOunam^ Trunkey Creek, J. B'a3e. : BLBCTOKAti Xist. — The -0HBette notifies that a meeting of Har Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting in -and tor the Police Dis trict of Cowra, -for the pui pose of revising tire ^Electoral iist fer the Cowra portion -rf the'Carcoar Electorate, -will be holden at the Police Office, Cowra, on Tuesday, the l©tk ?day of May next, at noon. Notice of claims and oljectioaR must be lodged with the under signed on «r before the fl&th; day of April next. DECEASE. — Mr. W. H. Oakes, of the well known firm of R. and W. Oakes, died at his residence, Oaklands, near Bathurst, on Tues- day last, at the age of 50 years. The im- mediate cause of the deceased's death was rheumatism, from which he had been a great sufferer for years. MANSLAUGHTER.— Catherine Warren, alias Wilkie, was charged at the Dubbo Circuit Court, before Judge Dowling, on Tuesday last, with the murder of Mr. J. O. Norton, Police Magistrate of Dubbo, in November last. After hearing the evidence, the jury retired and after two hours' deliberation, found the prisoner guilty of manslaughter. She was then sentenced to three years and six months hard labour in Darlinghurst Gaol. Mrs. Wilkie appeared to feel her position keenly, and staggered as she left the Court. MURDER.— On Monday last at the Bathurst Police Court, before the P.M., Annie Dow- ton, Emma Dowton, and Thomas Field were charged with the wilful murder of the illegiti- mate female child of Emma Dowton. It appears that the infant was born in Septem- ber last, and immediately after birth was placed in a sack, and concealed in a log fence. After hearing the evidence, which disclosed a fearful state of immorality amongst all concerned, the Bench committed Emma Dow- ton and Thomas Field for trial for murder, but discharged Annie Dowton. THE LATE THOMAS CARLYLE. — The Lon- don correspondent of the S. M. Herald, writing on Janaary 24ths says —"A great man has passed away from us. The funeral of Thomas Carlyle took place yesterday (Jan. 23) in the quiet, rural kirkyard of Ecclefechan, near Dumfries. His remains rest not among heroes and sages, but with those of his nearest kin. Very few besides his own family attended his obsequies, and only the wreaths thrown on his coffin relieved the grave formality of an ordinary Scotch funeral. He would himself have said that it was best thus. He had warred through life on pomps and vanities, and he needed not to make hollow truce wilh them in his death. This is not the place for weighing or measuring the influence of his writings on the men of the present century, but few will question that it was an influence for good. The foe of all shams, the worshiper of all heroic action or suffering, the prophet of self-denial and earnest work, ever longing to sse, not the triumph of this or that syetem, but "the right man in the right place '' — his praise will be that he left the thoughts and aims of his readers nobler than he found them." Railwav Exteksiok. — We-cull-tlte follow ing from our esteemed ?contemporary, the Cowra Freo Prwi — ' In ?view -of the great victory wliich has been achieved by our re presentatives in the House on -tbe Murnim burraU to Blaynev railway extension vote, ?we 'think that it is our bonnden d-nty as a comrounity to recognize the great importance oF tiievesult as effecting this district by hol ding a *dernorwfcrartion of some kind in honour of the event, ,«n9-et4be same time testify to those gentlemen who-hsve fought so well and nobly In our behalf our apreeiation of their ?worth. We certainly liave -the iprivilge of possessing gentlemen as [Parliamentary re jpresentotives who are- both -enengettc in t4ieir actions and assiduous in att-enfling to the -re- qnrrerofints of ihe district;; an9 when wefiuS that they have sotfaithfully fulfilled their pro mises en Hie main question 'in 'the past, we can conscientiously accord ftiem some little en couragement, and by so doing stimulate 'them to still porsevtire in watching our interest £n ?theifubure. We at all events make the Bug- ?? gestion with ithe bope tbat it will be acted . ?upon.' We lihoronglily endorse 4V»e fipnti merits eicprgssed in the foregoing, and would suggest that tlie-eevetal 'Ruilwfty lieafnea in ifcl)efliBtrlot-dho«ld *ottf6r together as t« the atkis&I-ility; of currying nut- 1 lie demonstration [ proposed by cuvcouteinporeiy, Wa are well aware, that- there liftve 'been several active workers in the cause whose services should tie acknowledged, and'atm coufiJant th«t the feelings of the dintriot will be unnntmous in suitably acknowledging theii serviooe Land Selbctiows.— The followiug selec tions were made at the local Land office on Thursday Just : — R. H. Kenyon, 40 acres, county of Oeorgiana, parish of Jeremy ; The Commercial B.inking Co. of Sydney, 40 acres, county oF Bathurat, pariah of Clarendon. Professor Rice's Entertainment, — This gentleman, whose wonderful powers of mind reading we had tht pleasure fit witnessing a few months back, gave another interesting entertainment in the Academy of Music, on Wednesday evening irtBt. Sinco his former visit, in conjunction with Lieutenant Colville, Professor Rice has been compeJleS to take a rest of six: months, but we are pleased to -state that his rest has done him a great deal of good, and that lus entertainment is, if possiblr, mucli more wondeiful than Id's previous onn. In addition to ltis wonderful mind reading powers, Professor Rice gives an oxposg of B|»iritualism, in which lw clearly demonstrates the fallacy of the belief that npiritiial agency bus any power to assist in the performance of any wonders usually ascribed to other tlian liuman ability, Tlie notice given of tlio entertainment was so very short that few were aware «tf th* cir cumstancn, but 19ioso pvesent wore li^Uly delighted with what they saw. «The leading ^townsmen were present, unfl tiy the Profes sor's wish, tfeeiight «f aiipaiticle tlwy liked, and in almost every instance he took them to tlie ol'jnct of their thoughts. He also as tonished the auflience by produoing wine and water from the same 'jug, and in the -materialisation scene in which the Professor was aecurely bound by the neck in a cabinet, while ghosts were seen (Sitting «bont the stage, ringing bells, Ac, one ghost dropping a bell rather close to the Committeeaian, he dearly demonstrated the 'fact that it was all done without the aid of spirira. The most wonSerfifl jiart of the affair was that upon ?die cabinet being opened frofessor 'Bice was seen securely tied round rim neck, the rope feeing passed^thrsugh two iirflesin the-cabinet and tastfinefl -ontside. A number of Kleigbt oT hand tricks were also peiformea. We are pleased to say that he will give another still more wonderful exhibition of -lris -abHity on Monday evening next, when 'it is to be hoped ite will have a crowded lioase. We cannot too strongly advise ?fliose who have not Mflierto seen tli-- Professor -not to miss the ?opportunity afforded them, and those who tiave seea him wii! do well to wttn «s the re ?malader oT his startling ^eaU. We might ?mention the fact that Professor Rice intended giving an -entertaiflment vn Thursday even ing, tat he generously wdivefl his privilege in favour of tbe Coarck of -EngJand iBjzusr Committee. OBITUARY. — The numerous friends of Mr. J. Edwards, resident manager of the Brown's Creek Gold Mining Co, will learn with regret that he has sustained a serious family bereavement in the loss of his daughter, Miss Edwards, who succumbed to a long and trying illness on Sunday last. The cause of death was consumption. Her remains were interred in the Blayney cemetery on Monday last, when a vast concourse of persons followed her remains to their last resting place. In token of respect to the deceased lady, and those whe are left behind to mourn her loss, every place of business, including the Company's works at Brown's Creek, was closed on the day of the funeral. Much sympathy is expressed with Mr. Edwards and family in their bereavement. / — — — _______ 