OUR HOME LETTER. POLITICAL. The only event in connection with political matters since the mail left has been the election for East Melbourne. It was a tame affair, the contest being between Mr Walsh, a political nonentity, stamped, with the Conservative brand, and Mr Nathaniel Levi, a man of no better calibre, whom the Government, by some awkward mistake, took under its wing. Ministers might have known that the time is not 3'et when East Melbourne can be won to the liberal side in politics. The Jewish element which prevails there is Conservative almost to a man, and, although Mr Levi is an Israelite,he is not regarded by his people quite as a man in whom there is " no guile." He had no chance against the influence of Mr Zox, the other sitting Hebrew member, who has always had the constituency well in hand. The Bismarckian days are not yet in this country when Jews, as Jews, are discount able, ergo East Melbourne by its Israeli tish votes counts for something in a "Vic torian parliament; for so much, in fact, that the recent election won under its in fluence may even upset the present Government,and put a Conservative team in power. Parliament reassembles to-day, and the piece de resistance of the session will be the Reform Bill. Everything at this moment is so calm, politically, that it might be said -"Yes; the Reform Billis sure to pass; perhaps by a narrow majority, but it will pass." We think otherwise. It is quite | true that there is no organisation on the part of the Opposition, but in this country, and in Australian political assemblies generally, we are quicker of action than they are in the old world centres. We believe that the debate on the Reform 'Bill will engender strong antagonistic po litical feeling ; that the Government will be most in danger from the radical sec tion of the House; and that the second reading will either bring about a politi cal crisis, or that, in committee, the bill will be so amended that it will not have the ghost of a chance of passing the Council. We have not the least interest in the matter. We place ourselves beyond it. The Constitutional question has been so played with, and made such a stalking horse of, that we regard it in much the same light as the harlequinade to a Christmas pantomime. There is not one atom of sincerity in the whole business ! 