i TUE FEBRUARY MAGAZINES. j We havo received copies of English magazines for the month of February. The Contemjiorary Review contains the usual number of articles, although some of thom havo not a very wido iutorest. Georgo Eliot's memory is dignified by the premier position being given to an article on her moral influenco, written by " One who know her." The Duke of Argyle contributes his sixth article on "Tho Unity onf Nature ;" which ia followed by an article by Mr. R. S. Poole, on " The Variorum Biblo and the Westminster revision." Lioutonant-Colonel Butler, writing on tho Boers and the Transvaal, gives an exceedingly interesting history of the Dutch settling in South Africa, and complains that the Boers have not received the attoution at the hands of the Government they deserved. Ile criticises the South African policy of Great Britain, saying that wave after wave of conflict has followed the annex- ation of the Transvaal, and that " not only have more natives been annihilated in pursuance of a policy which avowed protection to the natives to bo one of its special claims to public estimation than had-allen in half a cen- tury provious, but the animosities which were asleep during a quarter of a century of quiet are aroused to bitter waltof illness, and a blow has been struck against the possi- bility of fusion between English and Dutch, or oven of friendship and political confederation, which will take more time to efface than tke present generation has before it." Mr. John Rae writes "The Socialists of the Chair," an article having reference to a group of young professors of politisai economy who displayed unde- fined sympathy with the Socialist agitations of Las- salle and Yon Schweitzer, and wrote of wrongs of tho working classes and evils of industrial systems with a flow of omotion thought more befitting their years ' than their positions. The Irish question occupies a i subordinate position in the number, as though interest in it wore subsiding; but opportunities aro given to [ iii. J. A. F'arrer to write on " The failure of free Contract in Ireland," and to Mr. Sydney C. Buxton to introduce "Arguments for and against tho P's." Madame Pfeiffer writes a fine article on " Woman's Claim," although some of the assumptions upon which she argues in favour of women having equal rights with men will, no doubt, be challenged. Still, the writer puts woman's case fairly, and concludes with this passage :-" The place of a people in tho scale of human development is determined by the condition of its women : it would be a meet crown to a long career of freedom if the country of which it is the chosen home, should be the first among nations to yield that which no one of them in the end may be able to with- hold." The Rev. Mr. Haweis, one of tho most intrepid investigators of Church policy, contributes a remarkable article on " Freedom of Thought in the Church of England." lu it ho says, "The national Church has tried narrowing re- form from within; let her now try the widening reform from within. Indeed, it is her only chance o. survival at all. Tho past policy of exclusion and ex- cision' is suicidal. Already much of the life-blood is gone-two thousand of the best clergy in the seven- teenth century, the Wesleyan and others, to the ranks of Dissent in the eighteenth-tho High Church to Rome in the nineteenth- and now the exodus of the Broad Church is openly recommended. Yet there ia hardly a dissenting sect which, at first, was not anxious to como to terms with the Church, had the Church been willing to como to terms with it." Mr. Herbert Spencer contributos a paper on " Professor Green's explanations concerning psycho- logy," which the writer apologetically conceives to bo an infliction on the reader, and which certainly is of littlo interest just now. Tho final article, " Some Recent Books,'' doak with literarv productions of 1880. In Macmillan's Magazine, " The Portrait of a Lady" is continued as far as the twentieth chaper. Mr. George Saintsbury contributes an article on Etienne Dolet, the Lyonese printer and scholar of the early part of the 16th century, who has been described in a work by Mr. R. C. Christie, M.A., as the martyr of the Renaissance. Mr. II. H. Almond writes on athletics and education in a very interesting manner; and he is followed by Mr. A. J. Evans, who contributos his second paper on " Christmas and Ancestor Worship in the Black Moun- tains." The remaining articles are " Mr. Frank Buck- land," by Mr. Spencor Walpole ; " The Settlement of Rugby, Tennessee," by Mr. Thomas Hughes ; a short criticism by Lady Pollock on tho Poet Laureate's tragedy, " The Cup ; " and Mr. Urquhart A. Forbes' proposals for the prevention of floods. Temple Bar is full of good roading matter, and, as usual, is printed with most engaging clearness. Chap- ters -1, 5, aud 0 of " Kith and Kin " appear, and aro followed by Mr. Henry Coxwell's ideas on ballooning for Arctic objects, and Lady Jackson's biography of of Pierre-Augustin Caron de Beaumarchais. Lady Lindsay writes "Poor Miss Brackenridge," and then como " Shelley," by R. C. Seaton," " A Peep at the Moghrebins and Tangier," and "At Munich in 1880," i written anonymously, some poetry, and finally a con- tinuation of Mrs. Alexander's " The Freres." In Cornhill tho articles are excellently diversified. They consist of " George Eliot," " The origin of Lon- don," " Oxford Honours," "Holiday Customs in Italy," and " Voltaire and Shakespeare." Mr. It. C. Stevenson and Mr. Austin Dobson contribute some poetry; and the stories " Love the Debt," and " A Grapo from a a Thorn," aro continued. Wo have also received a number of the Magazines for January. ,In Tinsley's, "Strawberry Loaves," "Sceptre and Ring," and " Amaranth's Mystery," are continued. The number also contains considerable quantities of light literaturo and poetry. Mr. G. B. Smith writes on "Poe'sLife and Work," Mr. Hal Louther on "Dra | matio Critics as actors," and Miss Ellen Crump on | '* Feminine forces." Blackwood contains "Benvenuto Cellini "-an auto- biography ; part III. of *' The private secretary ; '' " Before and after the Ballot; " "The Bishop astray; ' " On some of Sha'iespearo's female characters," by ono ?»rho has impersonated thom ; " Tho Seer "-a talo by Rudolph Lindau ; somo poetry, and " The Ministry of Misery." Temple Bar contains continuations of " Kith and Kin" and " The Frdres," and besides a fair quantity of poetry, articles on " Lord Edward Fitzgerald ; " " Death and burial in Spain ; " "Illousoha," a shadow of Russian Life ; " Suvvarrow :" .' Episodes of the Napoleonic ora; " and " Saint Beuve." Tho subjects in iYctse-r's have boen very carefully selected. The one which perhaps will be most dili- gently conäidored just now is " Tho Emperor Alex- ander's reforms," which 0. Ii. treats of. In this number of the magazine " A Oultiuo Ghost; or Win throp's adventure,'' is commenced. It is followed by *' Tho prophetic power of poetry," by J. 0. Shairp, professor of poetry at Oxford; " Prehistoric scienco on fete j " a biography of Admiral Codrington, who died in 1877; "Folk Lullabies," by Evelyn Car- rington ; " Tho Last Chapter of Irish History," by tho lion. G. C. Brodrick ; " "Ourldoals," by Lady Gre- ville ; " "A Plea for Dull Boys," by an Oxford Tutor ; and "Rumout'3." In The Gentleman's Magazine, Mr. Justin M'Carthy commoncos " Tho Comot of a Season ;" and Mr. R. A. Proctor enlarges learnedly upon the "Fifteen " puzzle ; and these gentlemen aro followed by tho member of the Chiltern Hundreds on " Tho Discrownod Jingo ; " Hod spinner on " A Cattle Station ; " Alex. C. Ewald, F.S. A., on " Tholnvinciblo Ariiwda;" Andrew Wilson.F.R.S.E., on' "Some Animal Biographies," and other writers. Cornhill is largely devoted to romaneo, tho majority of its pagos being occupied by '. A Grapo nom a Thorn;'' "Fina'a Aunt," and "Lovo tho Dobt." The intermediate contents aro "Tho moral elcmont in literaturo ; " " Yagabondngo and Pedostrianism ; " " In tho hoart of tho Highlands,'' and some poetry. Tho following aro tho contents of tho Quartorly Review:-"Lifoof Lord Campbell, Chancellor of Eng- land ; " " Tho resources of California ; " " The Hie and vvorlt3 of Lord Bolingbroke;" "On tho practicability of establishing a close time for indigenous animals; " " Endymion ; " " Tho manifold witness for Christ; " " The foundations of faith ; " "A history of our own timo ; " " Reports on the employment of women under various Governments; "" Ecclesiastical judgments of tho Privy Council, " and a short statement concerning tho confiscation of impiovements in Iroland. Some of tho articles nro divided under i-overal heads, The articles in tho Edinburgh Review aro on Memoirs of Prince Mottornioli ; tho Warships and navio9 of thn world ; Jacquos d'Artoreld ; Endymion ¡ an introduc- tion to the philosophy of religion ; L'Italie actuelle ; the Militia and brigado depot system ; a dictionary of musio and museums ; invasion of the Crimea (Kings lake) ; and tho land (mention ürelaud), divided under four heads, 