THE MYSTERY Oi' MAJOR MOLINEUX BY MARCUS CLARKE. CHAPTER IV. another instant I was at tho hftad of tho stair», but paused in my onward flight,, for the &oniul;* issued ii'oiU the lOoUl oCcHiplud by I Beatrice and her mot her. id.i'5. Iluchfora' was lying on the floor senseless. Hinging the hell furiously, 1 raided her to her bed, aad, with tho assistance of tho old wom&n.; whom t!u* of thu im uappy lady, not le-a than my im portunate summon*, had brought, to who fipor, I succeeded in restoring oer to conscioiiimoM. Her first words were : "Is it gona V " Whit (' I asked. " The TV hi to tVioo at tho vrindow !" said Mrs. iioehiord. "That im ploring, maddened irv-oo ! " What mu she nu%m > ' I asked Mary Pennifciunne, hut the old woman, liiuninL; and mowim', made i , 1 " ° no reply. "Sec, mr.dam,:i I said, Hinging wide the lattice, " the storm has passed, and'with it the can.se of your alarm. Home leafy branehlut carried by tho wind, pr.rhap.s ovun some more* Yfratiifui gust than usual, lias, while rousing you from sleep, given form to a parsing dream, Look, tho sky ia ai mo.it cloud less.1' And, in truth, the tempest had, during the time wo had been occupying ourselves with the fright ened woman, qui if. passed away. The scene was one of exquisite pe&CeluliieSS.; i he cloildd had flllilu.it withdrawn, and the wot trees sparkled in the begins of a glorious moon, which rode high in a .serene heaven. All felt the inlluenee of the scene. Beatrice, niiuk in her stupor, alone was ignorant alike of sounds and sights ; but her mother composed herself with a .smile at her for mar tears, and, as I nought, my comfortable couch, I felt that science and sentiment alike bid me laugh &t; the ungrateful fancies which an atmosphere surcharged with elec tricity could breed in a brain usually ro cool as mine. The excitement of the day caused me to sleep lunger thau my wont, and it was nearly eight o'clock when I awoke. X discovered by the hot water jug. with ii.-> carefully placed tomd, that the rude vale!age of B&gally; had already been exer cised in my chamber, and, before I had completed my toilette, the old servant introduced himself with the compliments of bis master, and in formation thut breakfast would be ready for us in half-an-hour. ? Captain llochford had already arrived, and with him I visited the sick room, Beatrice was still in sensible, but Mrs. Bochford was np and dressed. llochford laughed \t her story of the ghost, and, gathering courage from my assur ance that the patient was progress ing favourably, we went down to breakfast in something like good spirits. Major Molineux received us with mora than courtesy. He lamented the accident, hut trusted that the skill of a surgeon so well known as mjselt, and the careful attention of a mother so devoted as Mrs. i{oeh ford, vv. uld soon restore his fair guest to Lor wonted health. 14 I'm afr.dd," he said, as he as aisted us to the dish before him, "that my poo.- house is but a gloomy place io. n convalescent, and I trust that :\5.ss Rochford's convalescence may be early. Such as are the resources of the place, however-command them. I re gret that I was unable to render you any personal assistance yester | day, but I must oompensate for my enforced neglect by devoting my | self to all jour eeirices during the I next few days." | The language was of the politest, but there was no mistaking its mt riTiing. Hochford f\ud I looked at each oilier. It was quite evident that Major Molineux did not desire tlifit wo should i>a.sa another Thurs day under his roof. " i h uia that Miss Rochford may be abb: to travel to her own home before tliis day week," said I, some what y.ointedly. "In the mean j time, lei mo tbank yon for the ! courtesy with which we wero re i t i ve<], and especially for the hospi tal; :v of la.st, night." The lii.ini with which the Major was lining the tea-cup to his lips trembled slightly, but he said, merely, "It \va^ a wild night-a ni^ht of :>thi ins. 1 trust you were not disturbed," "I vra.T ijin.-.t terribly disturbed," said Mrs. K.u'bfuni -- t think I have said thru. she was not. a woman of much i\iire. of character, or quick ness Cif -" I had the niOit bhui:kiiii_; fhearns. A. white face at the ?window-" " Noiisciiat:, Mary," interrupted Rochford : " you were, nervous." " Tbci u is n<> one in the house but myself and thetwo .servants," said the Major, v.ho laid eoiiijdeLely re gained bis r.rmposure, -i and i am sure neither oi them would have the temerity to disturb slum bers. Pray,' be added, finning in stitt condescension to old have ijt'ii beuh amusing Yours el I by tt'-rrityin;: mv quests I liU old hi:th suuiiiuil duiilb .stn.-iif-n. iti: tried !r> sp^nk, bu? words tailed him. up hi.-, hands with a i.-rr-f.ure of terror, in; made lui' the tli>(»i', alld, tUmi'iiL-' ftS lift "-11 eiit, displayed Uifitill ti I i 11 wolf like SfiV;i^ei'y 1)1 USpei t, 11i0 whleh I llnd obser i"ed t'li tlltj prCVIuUS night, A cunous 1 t i 1 (i*v, siVnl Major Molinaix,'" cracking the bUc-1 i of his opf/, " hut faithful. An obi convict, of course. 1 have touched some tender (,h(H'ii, perhaps." Perhaps iit: had, fni' Poil nithorne waited upon us during the rest. of tlm meal, and even brought llu: A[.1 j> 11 hiS O'li/fir-ttllSe wheil V.'C found O i t !>.i i if> HI the ii 11 ,t j >111.»t <?(] l)Ut bpai.iOlis Vt:i ftilll.'.h, pi'epaled tO seek 111ft solarv. which, in those (lay.), was fcUjipo«t:.U»> liu in Manilla tobmvo. The fonvt:isation, of course, was of tlit; {it'CldcUt Mid l! S reMlitS. I he pi'OSpeCtn Oj file paiieilt S 1'e CO VC i'y the puiii.-hiiii iil u"» lit: meted out, to the ;sclt ? iiiilu 1 iiciit builock-dnver, the (jiiaiitynt Sultan's temper, and thy 0(| 1 it:n» riii11 skill Of Miria Hocll ford, were all debated m turn. A learned dineu^Mon was held upon fracture of tin: .skull, and I was compelled to illustrate as best I miu'ht tlie operation of the trephine. At. last exhai^ted with surgery, and convinced that lie was thoroughly competent to treat a similar case should he ever meet .with one, itoehford betook himself to visit the scene of the accident, and left me alone with our host. Major Molineux seemed uneasy. He got up and paced the broken tiles of the piazza lloor, talked of twenty things in a breath, and tlung away his half- consumed cigar, «<nly t;» light another an instant alter. 4> You uro restless this morning," I said, williog to gain, if I could, some information concerning the mysterious seclusion of yesterday. " Did you not slot:p well ?" " Oh, yes," returned the Major, inditlVi-i-ntly, " I slept well enough," ami dun lie fixed his eyes on the wall behinil me with that strange stare of vdiieli I have already >pokr,ii, iiiitl wiped from his brow some iav^e beads of sweat which had viiibk-.nly appeared there. "I sebUun sleep very soundly." " Indigestion, I suspect," I con tinued, in a careless tone. "A man who eats enough for two people at about midnight can scarcely wonder if lie sutFers from nightmare." With a visible effort my inter locutor withdrew his gaze from space, and looked me in the eyes. .' Then you saw Bagally with the tvay, said he. "I am ashamed of my voracious appetite," he added, with an attempt at a smile, "and try to laugh myself out of my gluttony by demonstrating to my actual vision that I do, in fact, partake of a double portion of food." .... * "i our notion is ingenious, but I fear thjit you will never effect a eure by its means. Let me feel your pulse," He gave me his wrist. The hand was hot and dry,, the pulse full and bounding. . "I will write you a little prescription which may do you good. Give me a sheet of paper," and I led the way to the library. "There" said I, folding the sheet; "though I saw Wood \- ? ? JWM ville and Sowerby on your shelve I doubt if yon are fally aequainte with the virtnes of the lily tribe." " Yon have been among my books, then," said the Major, looking round. "I have, and am surprised to find so excellent a collection of works in-pardon me for saying it -so unexpected a place." " Books are my only com panions," said Major Molineux, and, as he spoke, he scanned the table a little nervously, as though to see which of the volumes had attracted ray attention. Determined to penetrate the secret which I was now convinced existed, I pressed my advantage. "I see that you study the higher mathe matics. This calculation on the variation of parameters is not made by a school-boy, while here"-and I lifted from the table a sheet of paper-"is something headed,' Pro bability that an event observed tcve ral time* in succession (Upends upon a cause which facilitates its repro duction," in which the calculation is made by finding the equation of the logarithmic ourve." Major Molineux changed colour, and took the paper from my hands. " 1 did not know that I had left the records of my folly thus carelessly exposed," said he. " The fact is that I have always been a lover of anything which approaches an exact Hcien co, and the calculation of probabilities is a fascinating sub ject. I am foolishly fond of it," and, an he spoke, ho tore the paper into pieces and flung thorn into the basket at his feet. " Some men say that mathema ticians are mad," I said. "If this in* so, yon have the antidote as well as the banc, for seldom have I alien, even hi Urn libmnes of my professional brothren, so line a collection of works on Mental Dis ease as that which I examined last night." I. hful gone too far for his patience. "Doctor Fayre," said lie, "you five my guest, and my hou.su is at your disposal so long us the illness of my old friend's daughter compels you to remain in it,; 1ml hit. me re mind you that an old man who lives by choice a recluse may have i sought such seclusion, in order that he might be spared these very com ments upon bis private tastes which you have just been pleased to make," and, bowing stiftly, ho left tho room. 