AMUSEMENTS. The Theatre Roynl was very largely attended last night, and the opera " La Fille du Tambour Major "' was performed entirely to the satisfaction of tho nndienee. Miss Lavcrne's sprightly vivacity exercises tno most inspiriting lnuucnce, anil the capital acting of Mr. Mcrvin, together with the bnmourons performances of Messrs. Harwood and Wallace, form a most attractive entertainment. The same programme will be repeated this evening, " Mother-in-Law" and the mirth-provoking bur lesque " The Corsican Brothers," constitute what is certain to become n very popular entertainment nt the Gaiety Theatre. The first-named is a farcical comedy bristling with very funny incidents, anil written in a bright and amusing style. Moreover, it is capitally playeJ, every one of those engaged in its representation doing his or her utmost to attain success. The bnrlcsqno is similarly laugh able, and both pieces deserve to remain tbo attrac tion at this house for some time to come. Mr. W. J. Wilson announces the rc-opening of tbo Opera House next Mondny, and then under wbat promises to bo most nnspicious circumstances. Tho lessee hns secured tho fnvourito Montague- Turner Opera Troupe, nnd they will make their re-appearance in Sydney nt this house in " Faust," following up with "Lucia di Lammermoor" and " II Trovatoro." The following was the programme presented to the patrons of tho Masonic Hall lost night : — Overture to Raymond, by Abroisc I homns j the aria " Le Crcdule," from Donizetti's " Betly," Miss Cora Miller ; quartette in B flat, op. 18, Beethoven (<i Al legro, b Adagio) ; second fantaisiu for clarincttc, Ryan, Thomas ltyan ; ballad nnd polonaise (solo for violin), Yieuxtouips, Isidor Sobniizler ; scherzo from the Scotch symphony, Mendelssohn, arranged for quintette ; fantasie for violoncello on " O Cnra Memoria," Servais, Frederick Gicsc; song, " It was a dream," Cowen, Miss Cora R. Miller; potpourri composed on popular airs, Ryan, nv ranged for quintette. Many of these selections have on previous occasions been most success fully rendered by the Quintette Club, and their repetition last night was very keenly appreciated, In response to an encore Miss Miller had to sing Reading's ballad, " The Little Mountain Maid," and this she did with very fine effect. Applnuse throughout tho evening was frequent and pro longed, and several renditions were demanded. The tenth concert of the series will bo given this evening. Mr. Walter Reynolds has scored an emphatic success at the Queen's Theatre with his new drama, " Ould Erin," nnd last night tho audience was a 'very extensive one, nnd the play, which is excep tionally clever, was enthusiastically received. Tbo plot is well defined, and abounds with very telling situations, nnd tho author has employed admirable dialogue to assist the effect. 1'iic characters nrc skilfully drawn, nnd the work is creditably placed upon the stage. The parts are entrusted to capable hands, and throughout nothing occurs to mar the complete success of tho production. " Ould Erin" is likely to have n long and pros perous career. On Mondny next Mr, Frank Catcs, one of tlio most prominent members of the late London Comedy Company, is to take a benefit at the Masonic Hall under very distinguished patronngc. The last nights of Mr. Maccnbc's season at the School of Arts are now announced, The effect of this notification lias been, if anything, to add to the already lurgc audiences to whom " Begone Dull Care " lias been presented. Tbo ball last night was filled, and tbe entertainment was capi tally received. It will be repeated this evening. Mr. D'Arcy Read and his comical ghosts last night afforded unqualified amusement lo a large audience at tho Victoria Hall. _ The giant, magnetic lady, and dwarf were inter viewed throughout yesterday by a number of visitors to tlio vestibule of tlio late Victoria Theatre. They will be on exhibition to-dny nnd this evening. There was a very large attendance at tlio Hippodrome last night. The females' 24-Uours go- as-you-pleaie contest was concluded. Miss Clark accomplished 87 miles 9 laps ; Mis3 Anderson, 79 miles 3 laps ; Miss Stella, G9 miles G laps ; Miss Archer, GO miles 13 laps ; Miss Willis, 59 miles, 9 laps ; Misses Wallace and Walker, 40 miles ; Miss Nicholls, 33 miles I lap ; Miss O'Brien, 32 miles 1 lap. The Kanaka go-as-you- please, 3 miles, was won by Orange Cowrie, in less than half nn hour ; Charlie Circus, second. To-dny the boys tinder 10 start at 9 o'clock ; tiicrc will be a 7-liours go-as- you-please nt 2 o'clock ; and Mr, L. Foley ex hibits at night. 