A BATCH OF VALENTINES. Mount Barker to L—. 8—. Cease sighing, swains; my troth I'll plight— My band in wedlock join, 'With one who is a " Stirling" Knight, With heaps of " Stirling" coin. North Adelaide to C—. P—. I one time loved a Blyth gazelle. But when I came to know it well, It wandered from my side, and you My " Peacock," now forsake me too. My course to thy shore will I steer. And my pinnace is floating love's pennant You've a house ready furnished I hear, So I prithee, dear, make me its " Tennant.' IV. Stanley to " Charles,-his friend. Bear Charley, I've heard the remark That your thinking of " cutting" your Stanley; Thus to keep an old friend in the dark, Is, 'pon honour, Sir, very Un-Mannly. One might as well hope to engrave the ten commandments upon the surface of a dnck pond as ezpeot to make a mark npon the mind of the stereotyped ^domestic. In her case the saying, " What goes in at one ear comes out at another" holds good. A very green importation from the •'Green Isle" lately took servioe at a bouse in one of the suburbs, and demanded 12s. a week although she confessed to almost utter igno rance of honse-work except that of the very mechanical order. As the girl's apartment and the kitchen were detached from the house, Bridget used to have the key of the baok door given her on the family retiring, with instruc tions to look the back door from the outside, so that she might be able to enter in the early morning without disturbing the family. She accordingly used to bear off the key every night after supper, and lock the door in a most audible fashion—these creatures never can do anything quietly. One morning the master happened to be up before Bridget, and going on* the front door went ronnd to the back to awaken the snoring damsel, when, to his astonishment, he found the key in the back door. On Bridget being ques tioned, she said she thought it qnite sufficient to look the door without removing the key ! And for weeks the family had been re posing in bliisful ignorance that a burglar might comfortably unlock the door and let him self into the house at any time between 11 at night and 6 in the morning,- the bey staring him in the face, as it were. Luckily burglars are rare in Adelaide, but if it is true that oppor tunity makes the thief Bridget had certainly gone the right way to work to demoralize stray visitants to the premises. The alleged finding of Leiohardt's remains by a Queensland settler, and the snspicions indis position of that settler to trot ont the proofs of his discovery recalls to mind a strangely parallel case which happened in Sonth Australia not many years ago. The facts are these. A person, claiming to bear the name of one of the oldest and most respected of Adelaide residents, telegraphed to the city from a station in the North that be had in his explorations come npon traces of Leiohardt, and was on his way down with relios of that long-lost traveller—relios which he described aa 8kuthorpe has done. The movements south ward of this lucky explorer were watched with keen interest, and his arrival at successive townships was duly recorded by the Press. In course of time he reached the Uodern Athens, where be seemed disposed to linger, and one of tie Adelaide newspapers, more enterprising than its fellows, sent np a " special' to inter view him. The "special" found his man, and shepherded him with jealous care. He comforted him with flagons, and sought to win his heart by treating him to free admissions to the best entertainments that Gawler could afford. He even prevailed on him to go to the police station and oonfide in the excellent aeijeant in charge. To him, as to the " special," he deolared unhesitatingly that what he said was true—that he had portions of a saddle which could be identified as Leichardrt, to say nothing of fiagments of a diary, and other interesting remains. For three days the un fortunate newspaper man dogged his steps, and then was recalled to town. Other means were subsequently tried to bring to light the precious fragments, but the man protested that he'must hand them over to the Commis sioner of Grown Lands himself. He never did hand them over, for the simple reason that he never had possessed them, but before many days has pasted be himself was handed over to the police on a charge of horse-stealing. A muMfe was produced in Court, and, although It was not Leichardt's, it helped to secure the con viotion of the offender. " The talebearer la as bad as the talemaker."—Mrs. Candour, THE FROGS. Aristophanes Adapted. (Xanthias—The Proprietor of the latest addition to the Adelaide newspaper Press.) (jEocuo—The Editor of do.) XatUhias—Yes; but the fun of gossiping! JSacus—By Jove, I don't know any thing more ex quisite. Xanihias—By Jove, the god of families. And when you hear through keyholes, eh! the master's secrets. jEacus—Glorious! Of course you go and tell your friends? Xanthias—Ot course I do. By Jove, 'tis then I know the height of happiness. . yEacus—Pbtebns Apollo! Give me your right band, my paL Let us embrace, for we are cronies suitable. "Wanted, five active young men, as agents; pay 50s. to good live men, so." So runs an unique advertisement in an Adelaide paper. It seems to be the unfortunate fate of dead men that their services are in very little request except to medical students and spiritualists. The ehief qualification possessed by dead men appears to be comprised in the statement that they " tell no tales." Professor Pepper certainly makes a good thing out of his propensity for "going down among the dead men," but his ghost is a patent one, and out of its own par ticular line is of little account. The advertise ment wants "good live men,"not even half dead ones would suit. They must be alive; and perhaps—kicking. As the elections are coming on, it might be just as well to intimate to intending candidates that we want "good live men" for the service of the country, not defunct dnmmies, or dead and alive dolts, but the real genuine com bination of man, mnscle, and brain. We have had a good many would-be legislators who, politically speaking, though dead enough, were only walking about to save faneral expenses. Some of them have been so intellectually inani mate that they ought to have been consigned to the coffin of private life long ago. Woolpax, like many of his class, had been reduced to temporary straits by the pressure of bad seasons and low prices, but his prospects were improving, and all he wanted was an advance of a few thousands to tide him over his difficulties. He applied to his banker for the accommodation, and as in duty bound the banker sent an officer to see what kind of security the applicant could offer. Woolpax looked at the dapper town man, whose hands had never been hardened by labour or skin tanned by exposure to the broiling suns of the Far North, and promptly resolved npon his course. Ail the sheep, . he said, were out on the run, and having given private instructions to his shepherd, he set out with his visitor on a tour of inspection. It wss not long before they came upon a flook of a few hundred sheep, whioh was passed in review before the Bank official. This done, Woolpax led the way to another part of the run, and by-and-by another flock was encountered. This was re peated some, four or five times, but all at once it struck even the inexperienced clerk that there was one sheep — a black one — which reappeared in every flock. He called Woolpax's attention to the peculiarity, and that worthy, with a great laugh, complimented him on his acuteneas. " Ton are quite right," he said, " it is the same, but the truth is that fellow has an absurd habit of ran ning about from flock to flook. We have tried to oure him, but could never succeed." The clerk pocketed the compliment, sent in a favourable report, and in due time Woolpax, who had adroitly managed by sending his sheep here and there across country to make his one small flock appear £like half a dozen flocks, received his advance. It is very amusing to note the conflict be tween precept and practice at country Show dinners, where Wapstraw and his political representative meet npon a common plat form. It seems to be the invariable rule for MP. guests at these Show dinners to magnanimously announce their intention to abstain from politics, whioh is as the breath of their nostrils. But they go no further than the mere stereotyped formula. No sooner are the "nsual loyal and patriotic toasts honoured" than the local representative or other MP. who responds to the toast of "The Parliament," launches into a catalogue of what he would have done if he had not abstained; what he would do if he got the chance, and what he could do, If he possessed the power. Wanning to his work he varnishes or sandpapers the existing Government according to his lights and whioh side of the House he is on. He fairly perspires politios, and patriotic sentiments exude from him, as it were, like gum from a wattle. Then the shallow pretext of not talking politics at an agricul tural meeting is cut to the winds, and politics such as they are, crowd out anything like local matter, farming experiences, agri cultural tit bits, or such like appropriate items. 