Observance of Sunday in Old Times. (Liverpool Paper, January 15. At a meeting of the Historic Society, on Thursday, January 13, M. W. E. A. Axon read an interesting and instructive paper on " Sunday in Lancashire and Cheshire." In the course of his address, Mr. Axon said The Sundays of the olden time differed very considerably from those of the present day. In Yorkshire, at Christmastide, the people danced in the churches, crying " Tole ! yole ! vote!" and that the Lancashire folk were equally fond of such observances we know from Drayton. On ordinary Sundays, after attendance at church, archery was enjoined upon all but the higher classes. In Elizabeth's" reign, the aldermen, justices, sheriffs, and leave men of Chester met in the Inner Pentice every Sunday for a shot or a drinking. As date as 1657 the Mayor sat for the administration of justice. In this he followed the example of the higher courts, which before the time of Edward VI. sat on Sundays. Elections were not postponed if the date fell upon Sunday. Sunday was not unusually selected for the performance of the mystery and miracle plays. The mysteries were more or less explanatory of the " mysteries " of the Christian faith, whilst the miracle plays showed forth the lives of saints and martyrs. Originally intended as part of the education of the monks, they were at first acted in church, and chiefly by the younger brothers. They became popular, and the vernacular was used instead of Latin, and stages were erected especially for the use of the actors. The Chester plays were acted not by clerics, but by members of the trading guilds. The tanners showed the Fall of Lucifer; the drapers, the Creation and the Murder of Abel ; the watermen told the Story of the Flood ; the barbers and wax chandlers played the Sacrifice of Abraham; the cappers and Knendrapers performed Balaam and his ABS, " and set it out lively ;" the wrights had for topic the legend of Octavian ; the slaters exhibited the birth of Christ ; the painters and glaziers showed the Herald Angels appearing to the Shepherds ; the vintners acted the part of the Wise Men of the East ; the mercers showed the Babe in the Manger ; the goldsmiths made " comely showed " of the Slaughter of the Innocents ; the smiths played Christ in the Temple ; the butchers exhibited the story of the Temptations ; the glovers had as subject the raising of Lazarus ; the corviBors showed the entry of Christ into Jerusalem ; the bakers set forth the last supper to the fletchers, bow yers, coopers, stringers, and ironmongers was assigned the representations of the sufferings and death of Jesus to the cooks fell the harrowing of hell ; the skinners performed the Resurrection ; the saddlers and of musterers showed the appearance of Emmaus; the tailors showed forth the mystery of the ascension ; the fishmongers had the pages of the Holy Ghost to perform; after which the sherman acted the Coming of Antichrist, whose overthrow shown by the dyers and " hewsters;" after which the weavers came on in the last scene of all the world's history, when good and bad alike come to Doomsday. Weever says that Corpus Christi plays were acted at Preston, Lancaster, and Kendal and from another source we mean of one Kendal man who, in reply fit the discourse about Jesus of a Puritan clergyman, said, " Oh, sir, I think I heard of that man you speak of once in a play at Kendal called Corpus Christ>'play, where there was a man on a tree, and blood run down." In the early history of the stage the plays were acted on Sundays only, after 1579 on all days indiscriminately. On one Sunday in 1589 at Knowsley the rector of Standish preached in the morning, the Queen's players acted in the afternoon, and the Earl of Essex's " men at night. In 1579 the Earl of Derby, the Bishop of Chester, and the Earl of Huntington, who were Ecclesiastical Commissioners, issued a proclamation at Manchester against pipers and minstrels, bull-baiting and bear baiting on the Sabbath. Ten years later we have complaints of the existence of wakes, fairs, markets, bear baits, bull-baits, Wales, May games, resorting to alehouse in time of divine service, piping and dancing, hunting, and all manner of unlawful gaming. The doctrine of the " Sab- bath," which prohibited alike work and Recreation on the Sunday, was now gaining ground. James I had no sympathy with this growing tendency. In 1917 he was at Houghton Tower, and representations were made to him that the old amusements were being forbidden. The King expressed his mind freely in favour of amusements for " servants and other inferior people," and consulted with Bishop Morton, who drew up a document which, with a few regal alterations, was issued a year later as a royal proclamation in 1848, and was usually known as the " Book of Sports." This gave liberty after the close of the church service for lawful recreation such as dancing, either men or women, archery for men, leaping, vaulting, or any other such harmless recreation, May games, "Whitsun ales, morris dances, Maypole rush bearing, &c.; After a partial prohibition in 1625, the " Book of Sports was reissued in 1633, and the ministers who refused to read it were severely dealt with by Land, who was unconsciously paving the way for his own downfall. It was not for long that the lads of Chowbent had leave to dance their hornpipe or the meals men their " cop," for Puritanism was fast gaining ground. in the unsympathetic days of the Restoration, the Puritan element was strong enough to cause laws for the better observance of the Sunday. The Lancashire folk, however, were fond of amusement. In many places the old ecclesiastical festivals were yet observed. At Eccles the wakes still began on the Sunday. At Gorton it ended on the day when the morris dancers attended the chapel, where an " appropriate sermon was preached. In Eccles was held the first artisan botanical society of which any record has been preserved. The members met on the Sunday evening for the prosecution of that science. Its descendants in various parts of Lancashire and Cheshire are still flourishing. In 1797 the Manchester alehouse keepers were warned that they would endanger their licences if they allowed mountebanks, bull baiting, horse-racing, or tippling on the Lord's day." The last quarter of the 18th. century saw the rise of Sunday schools, which nowhere received greater extension than in Lancashire and Cheshire. The only remaining point of importance in the history of Sunday in Lancashire and Cheshire is the decline within recent years of the Sabbatarian spirit, and the rapid growth of sympathy with the proposals of the Sunday Society. This has been conspicuously proved by the action of Manchester and Wigan in opening their libraries and picture galleries on the Sunday, and by the refusal of the Corporation of Oldham to accept the gift of a library that was clogged with the condition that it should not be opened on that day. The licence of the middle ages has for tuately passed away, and the Sabbatarianism of the 17th century is fast following it. The future, we may hope, will bring us a Sunday equally removed from extravagance and from bitterness, a day sacred to worship, to education, and to recreation-a day whose high thought and inspiration shall permeate the entire week. 