[?] ?;- t!!,T-',T;!, ''M^^w^skiS\m!.t'\, ,.':'*''' \ ?^Tjl'nEfacothat Beemod to' bo tho blankest! \- atidi i barronest thorp . Tras i that ??; of ?' ^Eiohard i Traeoy. Ho eat four seats from tho front 'of ttho):gran'd«8tand,' and tho slight- shaddw' of paii»whiohhad'beon'upon,hini'fronv tho firat .'Bcoinod to haTo# deepened1 into 'bewilderment that carried a sonso of riiiii. Traooy's drawn .'featuros 'wbro tlid'so'of a mautWhd 'had staked! his last hope and sawit snatdhed away; : Tlioi ?last ory. and tho Host cheor of the ecdtliiug! (crowd aboToandbolow him was nil that liadj / entered ki^inind. It revorboratod through! f brain and1 thought with obhoea that' died; laKajVt^pL.swellqd; baqk again^-liko ? thoj -rT*^BfT,pf'iin.: organ poal, liko a diotantl j elonder cry, liko tl\o blare of a multitude. , Ilel . had i loot, and it was uoiwondor if his white! I bands trombled, or if, whou ho felt absontlyj ^fprLhia book, ho i could not, Jind it. . Tho; .^angourof voices, tho pooplo away bpf ore! ..him, the swooping courso that had holpod to: ,rLuin. him, invaded by eager , thousands,, 4iod: , wvay, and there was nothmgipreaonted in iits' 'Bfiad but blankncsa.. ,Ho lookod across thoj ., beautiful ^Spring iday,| over, tho, ruatlo-'and: .hqilownoaa of BUk.an^ laughtor, and nothing; jiprcaqntpd itself buj; u. groat.nuuib blank, with! a dim writiug upon it, that ho, know,, but' ., dared flof road:,, It was; n.Bontonco, of diagraco j 'mid social death.' .., Thorp ia i|ol,talo,pftoD.oiJ ...toldj thaiijtiu'a— iiot indeed .',by,i(pvelists, but) [,py pijery, npwspapor,;iii thp qountry. .In jihoiij .coliunns ^^s' ,tp, bo acpn, .wopk-, by wopk, tho /sump. slqi'y, of shamo, and, pin and brokenncasj ' always witli, the s^iu,o, .\\--oary, . surronndings j l.'Xra.cey, waVlikp. many another. Alpno .in tltc) world,' ho would havo beon bravo enough to i Btandup.and dofy it'. Ho would have linighodat ; its groedy qlampur and defied| its dishonour^ . ;';|aljle podbt i of honour^ Iftb.o.orave'ra..th'attp ??''innit soon meet werp ' all he' bad'tp thin,lc]'oi j' Hi) .would have laugliod n t tioir oyll o'yei^b'ut there wumprb. NptS'milesfrom'wh'erdho ea^ ' atood: the 'r6W-cdi(brod' Alfred 'Ootts'go with I'itBwidB 'verandah and its'po'aoo among tho ;BhadpWB iir the breathings of tho 'h'dney» 'Buoklee. There : ^puld be waffing for him I'thore on1 that 'evening a lady with revereBt 1 huir, and with u*o*3 that had never fulterod and a pridp always%entered in «thp lonoly 'looking man1 with theJdjHvrn'fabe four seata viiroui thofront of l^e^rand'ttana.' Beeidp fcerW Wflitia^ his ?yollow-iiaircdKiB'to w(fh her fair, patrioian fa,oo, and that raro omilo of welcqmo ho thought ao wiu mng. But for thpaq two figures, one so beautiful in tho oalm of the winter, and tho coming of tho twiiight, thu otlor'.HO bright in tho spring timo tl atlmd, coino waiting for the mellow h nnmor theronftor— tho ,path of orib going softly down to pqacd, tho path of tho other, going up among tho flowers towards happinoss and blos Hings— what noed to havo qarcd for all tho ruah and roar that wan around him with tho lorror that .wns within p Tl it morning; tho two fuocs wore tho pndo and joy of hiB lifo, but thoy 1 old a foar for him now worso than do ith, as ho sat thpro drawn and blank. Now then, Diok,' naid a young fellow, working towards him amongst tho seats and tho gay drosses with . exultation on his frosh face, ' tho oup ia ovor and you told me to como for you you know. I'vo won tho last swoop and Barbara gets the glovos. M'« Traeoy said I was never lucky. * Look thero,' disclosing a sovoroign and a orownrpieoo iu his hand, ' oome on I'm in miBto to tell Barbara. Why, DioV, what's the matter ? Aro you illf' andquiok conoorn oamo to tho BDPikoca faco as ho Iookoq at ins fribud. ', . . Traooy sat staring beforo him as unwitting of tho voice thut had Bpokon as of tho human figures bof oro him. Noithor tho pioturo of tho lawn with its unfolded trains and con trasts of dolour, nor the lnaasoa of lifo beyond, caught his oyo. Thoro was another pioturo boforo him 'and thoro was a purposo- in it not donsonant with the gaioty ami shoon of all olae beaido him, and' of tho bright day around and beyond him. ?'??'. - ? ??. The young fellow stooped low and spoko gravoly : 'I'eoplo would think you wore mad if thoy Baw your faco now. AVhatover it is ails you lot ub yot home, tho pooplo aro beginning to observo yon. Aro you strong enough to como P' .; : ' ' ? Traeoy aoomod to Bhivor and pull himself together. Ho quiotly buttoned up his opat, patiently and tremblingly returned tho book to his pookot and looked at his friend. ,' What wore you saying, Charley ?' !,,' That. you look as. if you wore very ill, as, if :you had tuffored some Buddon blow. The peoplo are beginning to staro at you, Diok. ,,Aro you strong . ocougU. to oomo homO;?',',, , : . ;.,:? ? ??....! , I Traoby ,pullod his hat loaf down ovor. hiij face; and roso. , ,' I don! t thiuk I.,ttm slrdug onough to go homb-^that.is not yet. Lotus try what a glaea of brandy will, do.' ? .]'[ I Jnau,hour,a rpturning, train, landed both on tho platform of tho railway station, and they, stood for,a while looking up and down ?the, empty streets, almost; qntiroly swept^ of ?lifpittud full pf;Bun and silence. . ;,. .'. '.', ,[.,!,'. Qivp imp, ypur.arm whilo wo walk, ,Oharipy^': Ho had not, spoken to his cpm' panion .since they left the course tillnow; and his voice was low and lovel and solemn^ j „ Charlpy looked and listened in.a frightened way. ,. Such pleasure as the day had brought him apppared to have gone ; suph successes as he had met with wore forgotten.. ..'.',.'.'..'' |i,,'f!,Tpu aBked me just now on, the grand stand if I felt strong enough to go home.' I mean n.whilo ago. How. long is it sinod P,^ ,i.',',Abuutan hour.;.' ,..',; ..;.... '? I Jr i' ^!,VTh'o'|hdur,s,travel.quiokly then ; I thought lniufortnuo mado thi)inHiijwt',tind thp speaker laughed' aimlpijsly . ^'{' I ,'w,a8, going itp my th'at I am^npt s,trpug enqugh.tOjgobciinei.and you , imiat g-^' witliout.'rhe^i I'niado an important 'engageinent.,.Biudp the |Oiip rado,. and. just ^orprp'youoameV' t'purp'qa()''fu'lHlling'|thajt : pngagem'enti.'Jfirst.' ,; ' '',' ' ' ''', '' ,' '' !l1'.' !'' ^barley; \s topped','' and1 jopko'd earnestly at ihp'spo'likeri'' '?''.' '.'.' ' '!''lr :'''' i:1 '''''' ' ' ' '/' LislbnV'wo'U drive'hoihp' and engage 'a i wholq'cab'tb'our two selyes, Di.ok. 'Listeuy'' and'he'shobk the mouey'in!hia!pboket.'''1'lIt i wpn't bd pi'travagaut on a 'day like this.11' ''' l'iThb''fiicq of '.thbjelder remained1 irapiiiisiVo, 'and' ? Oh'iirley's '? hand 'f bund its ! way \ to -his ''shoulder.'1''' -*!??! -!?-?*? .'n ?',?;: ?(?????i oil! : '!' '? iLook.|'a't''mej'Dick— lookrat ime' in:ithe | «yeB.*'' --i -I-'-'' ??--.«t-w-- ?-??- ? i.h. .rum: \- ''jSlf .' Triicoy looked nt tho speaker wearily for a'mbment,'as li suddbn look of expression ! and yearning came to hia f nee. He put. his I hund hastily bofoto his ? oyea j and stood, thus ; a moment beside his waitingf riend alono iu the ; still street, below, thesuh that was splashing the windows With gleam; and painting the j spireB, and stealing witji ? its. 'impartial .brightness to alloys that were dank with orgio. ,;?..'.!..?; ' ?': i ... ?. i; ? When he took his ; hand away, his faoo ' wore the expression; that his friend had first noticed, but thero was tondorness in his eyea. ! t i1! It's no use, Dick,' and there was a,: 'quiver of fear and affection on the sensitive! mouth ; ; ' you must oome with me. Dear ,'old Dick ! ; I oannbt go without you. You ' ?will como?' and tho speaker's hand oropt from the man's shoulder towards his faoo ?ina boyish, oarossing fashion. j ? iMr. Kiohard Traeoy said, loudly onough to; ?bo hoard, had anyono boon near them on thoi strcot, ' I will not go with you j my engago mont is a private one, and I intend to keep ?it: -Goodrbyo.' ,..-.,,. , ? , \ ? : Charley waa turning slowly in tbo direction of homo, but Traeoy hesitated, and camo back j hurriedly, with his hand - held out in aaluta- i tion.--,: '? ;i ????;. ?? .?'.' ?? , ;?: ;? ., ! -? 1'iGood-byo. God bleea you.' i] When Charley Forn 'walkod across tho | paddocks from tho omnibus towards the rest- j fulness of Alfrbd Cottage', the sun was grow-, ing yollow, and ' tho shadows ''longer. ! Thoj nbiso'of thoretuvnirigtraflio waa beginning to' drift up frdmtho road, just penetrating' thoj repose that was in the heavy brauohos of .tho! pines. Tho littlo' gardon and lawn woroj walled iii by hedge, blossomed 'with briar and ! rose. Behind it waB tho patchwork of ilowors, : nnd boyond tho 6ca; The 'cliu'k ahndc of oiio of the treea had strotchod away across thei path, uhd spanned tho.'graVol from itaroot to| tho vqrandah, whoro it was i mingling ? with1 tracery of croopora, 'whito with bloom, and' filled with f ragrahcci Whon ' ho opeiied tho' gatd ho saw tho afternoon's ; brightness on! Barbara's yollow hair, and near by a faco that; was gray and tranquil.' They wore watching^ 'the' sun spinning threads among the leaves,1 I and waiting for tho sound of footsteps. ; The calls of birds were around' thorn, striking' 1 through: tho 'wide, faint mdnotono of tho ' Boa.! ' ''Whqrbis Dick .?' asked Barbara, iiioet; ing : him , in tho flush of thd sunset.- '3d promised to return:' ?''' . ' ' ! Partly the sunlight, partly tho darker back ground of ' tho house .nnd the flowers that lived around it, made Charloy 'JFbrn fpr'gotj tho'quoatidn for tho questioner, and jot ho cbuld not, forget pntirely tho foreboding ho 'carried,, with liim when hd and Traeoy! Bopiivat'vd.' '.,..' ' ' ' . ' ?' ' ! V ' ; .'^Vhat a picture you woidd make if ydiii; portrait worotakon now, Barbara, in thd middlo of this sunspt, with that backgrou'ridi of flowers. How pciicpfulovprything Booms here.;. Tho duet is rising. 'on, the. road, not a1 quarto , of a inilo away; look at , it yonder with tho aun, colouring it/.jnto a golden'; inistj and hero ia. nothing but frcshnosa nnd,: green ness , and bloom. I won , fivc-and-fcwonty shillings, and you, havo won, tlio b1ovd3|. Look, and ho showed tho . girl tho inonoy , as he had shown itto horbrothor at tho, grand, , stand ? i ';.. '!' . ' , ' ?:'.?'? '?.. | ; ?: ' Wheref s BiAard, Chatloy f ' ?? . ,:. ] lira. Truuoy. was. standing near her daugh- . teiv andtiho question1 came so parncatly. out ?of tbf fine ehadd that it.silonccdtboapcakcif, ncoming to show. him tho faco ho hnd parted within tho omp(,y sunny strcot. ', Charley replied wilh'a how ejtproaaion aiid a somowhat unsteady voico: 'ilo told.ino ; in the city ho had a short privato ongago: I meiit. to keep.' ; ' . ' ' ' ! ,' A, ? short private ongagomont'? Ho' had. inono this inorning.' ,,...,;, ' I wont (« him immediately nf tor tho Oup ?was run,,and found him 8ittingstiiring,atthp. Flat as it ho, had dreamed a .urp'ani1 or. boon : stupefied with a blow— '*' , ,,, ? 'Then ho ia ill,, Charles' Fi)rh,,and, you : aro horc without him.' ; „,; .,,,,, , Charloy,folj.;spmothiiW.likp (i; gasp, in his throat as bo went on to Bay : ',. . 'I askod him at tho stand to come homo with mo, but' ho did not soom to hear for , (sprao ; timo, i ;- Aftor ai- poar- ing ' to think for a wliilo,' li'o roao and left with me for towiiv'- When thoro, ho said ho mado tho ongagompnt just aftor tho oup waa run, and, before 'I reached him, and ho must fulfil it.' -!'': '; ? ', '?'/-? The sound of L tho tri-flio on tho road had grown faint, tho day had deepened into twilight, tlio voices of .the birds had consod. Mrs. Traeoy moved' out from tho darkness of tho shade as ailbntly as tho shadows thorn; solves woro falling, and tho folda of her dark dross mingled and morgod witbV thoin, but her fuco : and wliito hair word as distinct in tho dusk U3 her voico was tliatiuct on tho silence. , . ' ' , ' ,.' . .'. . ' '. r' .. ,..''' , ' Did Bichiird say ho would coino homo P' 'Hosftid his ongagomont ^vaa.ashort one.' 'It is growing cold .'Barbara- ; go inside Mr. Forn, :and I can speak hero.' . ' , . , ; , Oharloy saw tho white figurcmoving away slowly nbovo tho sound of . walking upon the path, until tho - deepening, ..twilight hid it, and the quiot of tho finiahed day/rcatcd on both like ^listening pa.uso.,.., ,'n ,; , , ? , ? -, ? 'Now. tako your. timq,;Oharioy ; call upon your momoryi for overyuppisodo pf tho, day sinco you joined, myison, dndi toll; mo. all you know, anil .all ?thatXis.:in..iy.pur ^thoughts. Godholpmo; I f col ia foreboding of sorrow !V It might havo bconlithbi something of sup plication that' was : in'itho- lirni , voico ho had known so 'long'. -?tit- might bo that his own fear for' his friend ;was roused, but ho told what ho 'know brokenly,'! as 'if ho also felt thoro was a sorrow coming.' ? ' And, oh ! belibve inc,.Mrs:.:Trabby! I' put my hand; upon his shouldor as I used to do whon .1 wits a boy,Tmban y'oungor th m I mi ho o-ipl inc I Svith a ' stammer, 'and. the words I ,Baid wprbi'Dearold' 'Dicklcan'fc'golhoino ?ivitliouf! you ;'; ' Tliuii liq'an'B'ivorpd'shri'rp'ly ?'? and/ ' loudly',''' but' ' 'tliero ' wiis no'o'nb in . thd,1 strecfc.'ip/liea'ri] thiit his engagement '. ,wa3','priyati¥.' V .JHbr^v.dicpsonndcd ^brokqn'aiKi jlislnnt ?ih^tiiqn cjarkno's's' as she' s'pokd , again : .j' This Ss not likoiiiy. ao'n.' I do | not rp; .cognisOjliim^ \yhat 'else ? I am waiting and afraid.' ,. , I '.j'ljl^t'ur'u.dd, to, .iqavq,'a'ndhe turned, then caiu'oVback 'a fow, stops, ' holding .'p.uthislinnd.'.' , , ,' ji^prn .cpiild , , but Vjiist' he Iir' tile lady's , , |vd'icei'an'd'i'.lic'.kncw : if . tiiord' nad''been light ho .would hayo . 'seiiii' 'tears ' on hor face -?''':? '.'.Wihat did ho say-?'', '.' ?'.''' 'r t 'Ho ,'snid goqd byo,'and God bless1 ?JJOU.''',.' .';'|';'i. . . V '.' ?? 'In^a.mpmoht hor .palp'facq.'waa close, ^tdtbpspcakcrV, jind her Jian'ds' w'oro ihoiding.h'is., ' .' , ,'. .'..''dhiirliiy^'Fcrn, . fipr^'.yp'ur/'p.o'd'r . mpthpr'.s ' f ako , I ' ' liav'd ' 'watched 'oVor you aricl loved you '.noxt'-'W' liiy.;' own .'those lri.lirij'l'jbiira, ', ,' You( will do my .Wish' | ' 'hpSy as' you' always '.' ' have,1 my, eon .' ' Tdii ' .aro '.' my pjily ' ! 'and ' ?' bo' s i'J. dbpondoiicq. ' , This' ; n i g h t' y p u ? ,.mnat ';'gb back ''to town and. 'find ' Bioh'a'rd.'' Her band had found hia flhouldorl jua't iis his own had 'found and rested bri .her son's a fow hours beforo and with' like persuading.' 'Do riot return to Alfred Cottage without him.' ?' ' , ' ' i ' Fern, could not see thd face, but ho could! feel thd trdmbling hand. ' ; Thero was a pause j the' niloneo seemed boavior than before. 'Did you ovor khowj Diok to giimbloP' ' .,' ' ? ' : ? '? ?'' :; ? ! j , Charley felt 'tihb band : olpsp upon bis! shouldor, and ho know thp tone of boreayiriqnt j and fear that was. in thd ansWpr. ' : ' ! ' .'Yea.' ?.''', ;'; '? ;''!'-::'' ?? ? .; ? ?? | ; 'Do'not stay up,. Mrs. ' Traeoy. At any I hour of tbo night, or o£ thd day, whoh I!havel , found him, I .will return.' ' ' ' ' '''. : i ' Go ; sop, it is dark, the lights' ai'o sbiningi out from tho Bay, and from thd town.! Charley, .thoro is groat danger. 'I can : fool it, | as though I. know now whiit I shall know; hereafter. ' , Eoinomber tlioro itrp slooplcsa; oyes and niaybq d breaking heart at Alfred; Cpttago.' I can only ? pray'j tho friond of tho widow and, of tho fathqrlosa, He will holp you.' Tbd voice broke in1 sobs. ' He, put his ' Btrbng, young arm round horj gontly, 'rind -hold her hand; : as ' ho lod her ' to thd vorandah. H6 saw another jflgurd flitting lip boforo thom', arid when' 'ho brought j the widow to' ' tho da'rkor ' darkndsa,1 whore tho! climbing flowera woro, ' hor; 'daughter's' arms word waiting, and bbr,daughtor'8 vdipp spoke; 'brpvely.'' ' ' ', r 'I'., ' ''''? . ?' ?? -1 Tho ' day ' was woll '?' advanced towardB the' affdrnboti.whori Mr! Traeoy, looking ciiriously tirbd arid diiaty,' found his way to tho hotel,1 whbrd thp'gay and honourable nion aaspihblo who boldng -to the'.' sporting eirclo. The blooming weu'rora of blazing'stonea and hoavyi watch1 ehainB, and heavier facos— badnoss in bybsandspeech-^-hadhotydtcomo. Thoy word away ' UBing thoir motallic ponoils on thd sward, ' contemplating their wives in1 the, colours and silks they 'had1 pecked1 from pigeons,' arid othorwiBO bustling' and uggroa-f sivd with 'odds and luBty cursos. - Thoro word other palo and driiwn fdcoa, in tho' Stand in not a few soats of tho front, ; or from the ?front; Thoy Woro spattered many whores thoso^ drifts of fortunp withtlip iinathema of spoou lation on thom: i But tho sporting men, witli thoir books and bots, and buttered codes of 'Honour, wore in hugo form, exultant rod and ldud. Thoy had not' ybt ; returned from thoir harvest, and their hungering eyes woro still 'greedy ? above 'their figures. Tho counters' of tho 'hotel w^oro the honour 'libld'1 circle cdrigrogatad wcro silent when Traeoy 'enterodii - Thbihawka had! not ? flown : homeward y«t; ? to sjtripk , the odda tpi ihv- ft-llewii-£ ... da^j ;and ruffle ; thomsolyoa ? above tho; obanoos. Tho barmaids woro dressed and silent, .waiting for the irruption, nnd tho . waiters ; Baw Traooy walk wearily in towardB ono of thd privato roomB. Ho jpaunod for a mdmqnt, oamo baok to tho obuntor and drank Somo brandy, thon entered and olosbd !tho door. A waitor of Bupor natural observation drow a napkin through his hand and obsorvod , to a companion how lip thought 'tha't;'ord cove was hard hit.' Tfndy, olosd'd tho door quiotly behind him arid sat down, ' '.''? ??'? '?'?? ' ' Ho took a littlo phial from his pocket and pulled thd papor ,from it,1 on which was minted' a druggist's' warning of poison. Ho lookod at tbo liquid with a eot dospair iug fuoo. In a fow minutes ho would bo awayiovor tho threshold and into the gloom of tho unknown, wherowero tho sorrowful faces aghaat of bo many who had halted on tho highway to heaven. Then roso boforo him tho face of his mother. It camo to him I as ho had known it in tho p.ist, bright with ilifo nnd happiness, and fillod with a lovo for 1 him that was almost worship. Not bo long ago, it now Boomed to him, ho romombored that faco upon tho sands, when tho cloar sky lino ruled hia sight from tho distant lauds and tho far'eoaa sho^had told him of. As plainly then as on tho days that woro in those past years, camo boforo him tho greon of the pasture lands and tho sombre tints whero tho heath blossom gleamed, and tho great organ rooks. coh.omujjba.ok the* music of tho sda — thoro tlio tondbrf lice, with its light' that was all for him, with its mother's trust' and prido,' and tho wondering oyes of Barbara near. Theso followed him ; these wore drawing him bnok noross tho years into the times when tho days seemed so full of liopo aud love. Thoy iv oro in ovory piotnro that floated by ; thoy , werq with him in tho ovening timos when the saorcdncss of tho dying day clothed with golden blessing the, silent trees . and the distant mountains ; when the- sadness that is not sorrow fell upon him, mixed with hope for the future' and tlio coming days whon ho should go out for them' itt' tho aun-: riflo of lifo to discharge tho debt that had miido his bo happy, and bestowed upon it eo much that was bountiful and fair. While theso! thoughts were with him tho phial lay in hi.' palm, and' with them he drifted from the past into tho future. His mother's hair was white now; how would hor tranquil faoo look when she received the news ? Ho could picture tho hopelessness and tho deso I Auplni 1 tic rho tied stlat lcll I tl o l t rs cam bof c 1 iu tin. tro l I f the pnstuvo liuids nml tho sombre tnitt I wlioi-o tho hcith blossom gloimied, mid tho P gi-bat organ-rouks e'ehoiut; back tho muaic of I thoaoa. lation of it. How would ho bavo roturnod the blessings and the love ho bad enjoyed P Her son, afraid to meet his own work, ond ooward enough to seek death, found dead in a ' sporting' hotel, she wreokod of ovbry ? thing, and without tho consolation of the memory of him, that he was also about to. wreok. Her home, her means of living, her support gone, doubly widowed, and hopeless and lost. And Barbara, with her bright hair and noble face, toiling for the susten anco that be should havo toiled for, unpro- ' teoted, and trampled on' by the hurrying foot of tho striving world— -the rolined homoi gone, mother and sister adrift — where?! Mr. Kiohard Tracey raised his hand, and the; littlo; oryatal thing ho had spent bo long in trying to obtain was shiverod in fragments below the grate, while a porfumo as of ulmouds or of wattle blossom fillod tlio room. He had' no idea whether tho pictures which swam before him had occupied an hour or threp. Tho room was dark, and tho sounding, of feet and hum of voices from whioh oath and malediotion shot, bout against the door. . A thin lino of light eropt uudor it at the threshold from whoro tho voices wore, wrangling and jarring, whoro hoarse laughter shook thorn, emphasised with calls and jangling glasses. - From his window ho could sod tho oalin Btars and the quivering pathway tho mddii was making on the sea. The temptation had boon ovorooino, but tho trial ho' had dote'r'minod to avoid waa waiting, bitterer than over. Ho hadwrookod his homo, and in his recklessuose had thrown his mother's und sister's money to the greod that was ' surging oat beyond the lino of light ruled thoro at tho, door. Voices stopped at it and passed it !' disordered and triumphant nion rolled against it and Btaggorod on — past tho scone of u bittoror struggle than any on tho 'course that day'. ? Traooy listonod in a stupor of montal oxhauetion. A hand came out of tbo babol, fell upon tho linudlo, hosi-. tatod, and loft it. Shouts of angor and mocking vdicos oamo in across tho narrow lino of light. How long would thoy. and the llai'irig'pandolnbnium havo halted if ho had boon parripd out stark ? Such was tho world, or a part 'of lVon1 which ho contomplatod turning his mother and sister adWft. God help ;birn): ho' loaned ovor towtjrds thp window' 8ildritly, and; uhastonod by tho rest that wa3 in tho silvor night and tho beauty that waa in tho glitter o? tho distant Boa, ho ?prayed and wopti ?, ? ... ?? W ? ? ' In thero, sir, tho gent wojjt, but thati 1 woro .-in tho afternoon, '^id tho discrimin ating waiter, pointing to tuo door. ? ; '.And tho door that bad shut him wlth^hia thoughts so long, oponpd .wide and tbd glar'p ' and confusion tided in. Richard Traeoy was ovor by tho window, looking whito, boforo tho dim light- that mot tlio darkness. Charley1 Fern was on the threshold, looking bowilddrod and nervous. Ho had wandered ovorywbore ho could think of, and tho prcsont was his third visit to tho honour ablo circlo of sporting gontlcmon. Tho waiter slipped iii nimbly, und tho room becamo as bright as tho bur beyond. 1 .' Oh; Dick, I— I have been searching for you since oight o'clock, and Mrs. Traeoy is frightened and hpartbrokon, fearing that 'something hns happened. Thank God I have found you alivo and woll — that ia middling. Dick, lot us go homo.; I was getting afraid, too; it is past 'midnight.' ' , : ' Sit down, Chiirloy j I want to speak to you.' ....'.. . . ' Wait till wo got home, Dick. You look liko a ghost.' ,!?? . Mr. Traooy went on without hooding tho requpat:, .' I told you to-day I waa not strong enough to go home, and that I hnd an engagement to keep. I am scarcely strong enough to go homo oven now, and I havo not kept tho engagement I made. If it had boon fulfilled you would have found mo lying doud on that sofa. Do you seo those sparkling pieces of glass bolow the grato arid smell tho perf umo of almonds P I oast the temptation from me, Charley Fern, and did not commit auicido.' .- Tho palo, norveleas face, and tho unsteady boding of thp oyos, so altered his friend to Charley JVrn that ho scarcely knew him. . 'Did you ovor see a man weeping? If you had beon here an hour or hours ago, I cannot tell when, you would havo seen mo hero- wooping and praying. Oh ! tho trial will bp , terrible 1 and I urn not yet strong enough to go homo and disclose to them their misory.' ? ? , ' Their misery ?' ' ..'.-?,, . 'Thoir misery ; that thoy are penniless out casts and beggars, that tho old home, our'old homo Charley, is lost to us, that their shares in tho railway and the bank, are lost, that bill a aro unpaid, and that I — ' he struck his breast savagely with his open hand, ' whom they lookod to as their support have brought all this ruin and disgrace upon them. Look at mo woll Charley Fern, I have done it all.' 'But—' ' Ay, you would ask how I have dono it?' Seeking to retrieve losses under tho oursed epell of the gambling spirit, I plunged with m mother'f| and sister's money time after time and I tried to win it nil baok this Cup. He laughed and wiped the sweat from his forehead and his wet, brown hair. 'You stay with us till after the holidays, Charley, till aftor the holy Christmastido that used to be bo happy iu tho old house. It is your last Christ mas visit my dear old friend ; you will see us as of old no more. I am as strung as moat men and I can slave and toil, bur., oh! my mother und my sister, and tho dis grace of it. And all through me whom they trusted and honoured am! loved.' The faoe of Charley Fern was as white as tho speaker's now, but, for all bis whitonesd and hia fuar, he s lid slo wly and solemnly na if he had aged, ?' I shall see more of you than ever. What is to bo done earjuot, bo douo here Diok, let us go homo.' They rosp and wont out and as thoy crossed the brightly lighted place, shouldered and oursed at by drunken men wild with debauoh, the name Kiohard Tracey wns called hurriedly. He fiiltorod an instant, ' but his friend's arm was linked in hisi bearing him .away from tlio cries , , . and throes . of the j flfrivinir ftnn'r.n'nrso. ; ' Come on;'' whispered Charley ' Fern sternly between hia teeth, ' they havo eiveri us trial and sorrow eripugh. Y?at. m°ther is praying and watching arid waiting. Thduk^ God, you have esoapedand; that I have found you. Diok this is terrible.'. ? ' The light was filtering out from the 'win- dow upon the dark firs as Tracey and Fern Walked up to Alfred Cottage. Traoey onviod the repose that seemed all around, and half regretted that he too was not lying stilled from tho trouble that was ooming, and tho blank nnd prospeotlees future that was ao surely. sottling, down.; The door was opened gently, nnd the friends entered with tho manner of trespassers carrying some mbssage of sorrow. In tho widow a byes thoro was only a look of thankfulness. Aoroas hor old faoo ad beautiful with the seiil of years thero travelled an expression of intense relief, and the calmness that trial and shadows iu tbo past had wrought upon her oamo bnok. ?' .. ... 'You aro 'late, Richard ; your absence frightonod us, and Charloy hero kindly undortook to find you;' ? ' Tho words were uttored In tho lady's quietest tono and in her gentle way, but Fern caught the look of thankfulness and gratitude she gave him, and felt rewarded and proud, notwithstanding the oloud that was soon to break. . -? i ? ? Mre. Traooy lookoi for a moment keenly at her son's face, and rose hurriedly with a now expression on hers— an expression of firmness and of suffering. ' Will yon have anything to eat, Barbara has gone to bed P' The hand of Mrs. Traoey that restod on tho table 'was trembling, though eho looked bo oalm of manner and spoke bo quietly. There was fear in hor eyes, and the shadow of some returned pain on her faoo. - ''.' Mothorj' -said Traooy, disguising nothing of tho situation in voice or look or gesture. Tho loss disguised that his voico was pold, that bis eyes were hot and glitter ing, that his faoo was set and pitiless. ' Do you know what I am and what I have, dono P You do not know- rhow, oould you ? — that, I have been a traitor to you and to my sister, and.that I, whom you trusted and loved as— as. only a mother like you oan love, have ruined you both. You do not possess a farthing in the world, it is all gambled 'and gond ; and this homo '—he stopped for a moment with' tho light full on his blanched featuroB, and hold his hand out before him as pointing to it — ' is lost to you for evor. Do you quite oomprohend, mother, that tho son you loved , so, through i overy year arid hour of hk. lifo that be oan remember,. baa robljod, yo wand your daugh tor so completely that you may bo outcasts in the street to Imorrow, and that . from the sorrow , nnd misory of tho coming Christmas timo thero ia no escape ? That sdn has. beon for hours !to-day standing on tho vorgo of oternity. It jwas not tho fear of tho darkness that detained him. Doatb offorqd ?poaco, and the Igravo. would hido his Bhamo. It', was 'his imother'a face, as ho had known it years ago, , as ho knows it now, tha't'savod tho jWould-be ' suicide from tho.cro.wning act of treaohory.' j Mra^ Tr'aooy'H lips had' quivcr,od inord than. opco. .Tho rising and 'falling of. hor. broaH itold how tho words had reachdd'hor, but she jfelfc what her noil would say before ho. spoke. It was tho bearing of 'a, trial she had borne i boforo. Her husband's face ^wiis with her in ! the face of her' son,' tolling a liko, story thus ? pitilessly against himself. That was thirty J rears ago, and.together they had fought the oss and won the fight. ' Onbo boyond the chnsm, it was passed for over. The union of the struggle had united them oloser, and debponed their lovd'. Of tdnfrom tbe bright ness surrounding them thoy had looked baok to that time to see how strength and light' were revealed through darkness, and to acknowledge the guiding' hand,. ;t And Mrs. Ti-aqey lifted up her grand groy .face, 'bright and hopeful, and filled with i trongth and' yearning. ' ,-..?? 'Richard Traoey is my son, for whoml shall nover fool ashamed. He has orred, he has aimied, but tbe dangor has passed and: the trial has -begun. His mother is brave enough and strong onough still to faco mis fortuuo,. and her daughter '-—her voice shook nnd failed a moment, but she went on steadily— ' and her daughter isstrong:and brave too. The Christmas, days that are coming may find us- in distress, and their brightness may bo gloomed, but they will never find us in despair. My son has brought to me the gift of his life. ' All that I havo is thino.' ' , ?'.''.. Kichdrd Traeoy sat down silont with his unaltered face. There were tears in Charley Foru's eyes, but ho hid thom in tho shadow. That early morning, when tho moon had passed and tho only ; sound abroad was in great hushings of tho oonatant sea, Mm.' Tracey opened the door of her daughter's room and paine softly to her bed.-ido. : ' Diok ia back, mother. I could riot sleep till I heard his voice.' - ' '' ? ': ' Barbara, my child, we will sleep together and together await the light.: I / am grow ing old, and our night may be very long.' Thoro were the marks of tears and : of deeper lines below her wintry hair. ????'. ?? News of the illness of RibhardTraoey was conveyed to the office, but' it waanotsus 'pooted that he waa sick unto death of that portion of his pupt life which had;, ended with the contemplation of his dark!depart-,ure. He lingered for weeks on the border laud;in fever, uinongst the pictures that hud oome to liim iu the sporting h'tol and held him back from paaxing beyond the curtain into the shadows. The air that came, down softly from the hills to meet the. breathings of the sea, and the tender frngrancd and. freshness it oarrii'd from the flowers and thorforest, were tho blessings of tho day,|but the. durk neas of the coming storm was liugoring arid inevitable behind. His bb'mq, his rndthor .'and siater had never before' sepnipd so beauii- ful as now. The preciousneas pf'tho'huppir ness he had flung away1 '.with! '. reckless hands was never so'' oleac'l' ' before j Every figure that approBcn'e'd'iiijK.iniirhf. bo the bearer of the. ( first tiiliilgs^'df tho wreck, and his mothl^!'unfl J'SJUVis^ and , Charley Fern, knowing all,'w6r'c.'Jbrjiydi't]inn ho. If ho saw a lino or a/l(irkdiiii(g'tl\iiiiyit upon his mother's face, bjiftor. VpSra^dulgs swept him liko a storm ; itntt 'Vravp''Ohart.o^ had been busy gaining knowlodge'jiiyl; 'asking .'questions day by day for'hisi inforiiiatioii'. ' Oharloy had found a^co'ttn^uV^o'b.'aVl'loaifiicti that Tracoy's employers .'werq''fedling''thc want occasioned by his ab3eiiiii''^l)Vit.'.6f-:ali subjects thoro was no me'ntidu';6'f:tljd:-'Ktal; Oup day or its sorroundings: ?'iVs|llil3riiib'i.li'p'rl4 ; hand hnd supported him by tlip ^'ua'so'lmiiny i yours ago, hor arm supported, J'liimi.'n'iSw, 'b'ut moro than all her undaHiit'ed'b'diii'V'and 'Wop unshaken faith and . trusbV'.',1.' Tlip'' OliVistmiii souson.at least.was the t.iinq'fpr'tlitiiikfulntfss'i from it the gracb reached, bdr' that ''on'Ablcd her to keep hope and look put'sfeadily/'on'Mio trial. It was tho timo fdPhappincs* -'and grutitudo, for a gift that was greater tilah'nll that could be lost, Why'-'Silowfl' slioibjiino at a time when tho voices qC'fth'g'ols had swept the sky iu praise ubovo thofaiimbleBbthlulium and below tho Stars ? '3;' if-.vjq .« Jurl.l Ono day boforo tho gloamings' that 'were dazzling and shooting at them from tlie^waterii — ' If I nad but told you all,indth'oi',bofo'ro' tho ruin camo. If you but know lhyJfpar for'you and the contempt for. mysblf 'whon I looked at your pcnoof ul face so beimtif iU-to mo bolow the age it curries. To you1 .'Iyo'wo a second life.' ' ' ' -?'';??-'.' ' ' ^':i!l Ji-yj :,;..l,i'itl.v, 'X And- sho lookod i up'on' )him' i with: infinite :t8ndqrnes3: arid rprido, and iaaid;1 ''I amiglad toaob you moro bondf ul arid stronger for tho coming trouble Tho darkness of it ia nearly ovor, arid there will' coino soon 'the shining of! the : truo light.'' -, Hfere.J5B'Oharloy..-hurfyin'g! down from the house. uHo is troublPd by tho way bo walks, Richard. .: The lightness and buoyancy aeoin to have loft his figure.. (This is tho beginning of it,, my son/ be Strong. V:--l Charley looked at Mrs. Traeoy! with an air ,80 unmiatakeably embarrassed that the 'lady! walked away towards: tho cottage — maybe fori the last timo sho could call it .hers — and. as bIio walkod hor sight; was. blurred with tears,! and alone sho boro hor.burthon of tho tribula-t tion.' ; ?'. .??'-.,: '??? !-i. ,.-.-. i.-. '.:.' .-, iA ? . ? -i i.- ? -_? ! 'Dick.V spoko Charley, i.hurriodly looking -round. ' Do.you remember the night of-tho! Cup clay whon'.wo. walkod through-the, crowd of sporting men out of .the , hotel, jand. ono shouted out your name — a .tail, ''.handsome man-all aglitter with iatuds iand- chains,: and1 a flowing board ?.' .-,, ' ?:?.,; \t:, ;; ^\\-,_ ..,-;-, ,;ij ' I remember the night but dimly, .Ob'arloy, j1 but I recogniso,;the,,nian .youii.moan, J.ho' answored as a suspicion of, [tho old, 'blank came to his face. He mot mo in '? tho. .street^ ;to:dtvy, ; and; asked ;wb!or» you woro, and ho1 , seomod bo indignant, that you1 had not .callod! on him. Ho gnvd mo this .lpttor,ii which, he! said ho would liayp sent to you long ago,--bub that,,ho was, not, , cor.tain i of t-your ^atidrossl Novor mind, Dick, .., tho sooner! it ,iai over,-tlio bottor. Tb'oro is the letter.' ?-.- . . ,,.', \ . Charley, all hot. and lanxiousas'bp .was; stood for a moment irresolute, but ,whon bd saw tho sufforing on his friqnd'a faco, bo,,tooj walkod slowly., towards i.tbo.tc'qtt(igp.',''| (.Mr! Trucoy road— ; i, ., ,,-:,,;i \'-,.\, ? ,,;i'i ' j Sin, — Although that decision of.tbom I i... 1 stewards makos you- tho , winner, -I'vo.half !a mind not to pay. If you don't choose for ' to put' in an appearance ,' I'm -. — '? — - - if ; I- aui going to look aftor ,-yor, augar, and you ( thd heivvieat clincher of tho lot that I, havo got: Two-thirda of my Cup :pr,ofita .arpigoiio on thp aofteat thing I had, at'loust I tiio'ughkao,..an6t it would hpv boon, only PlutoraiViinsido. I nover knew a man too. — r. — proud to como for his coin yot, but you., il now send; you & oi'oss'chcqito for £3500,.,ttnd.'ploaso acknow; lodge receipt, prompt. I wouldn't hov gond to this trouble only wehov dono business bo' fore, whioh I hope is, not. thp last. .1,'ll.takd 10 to 1 on Oboron or 6 to 1 on Sponpor, that's short pnough.odda. ,I,,know aftor this you'll givo mo a lift to get my. baok round.-Tr-Yoursi &C;, -.' : .-. ? ??:'?.,';,; ?:? :, - . '.. , .- -? \- ; , ... ,.,;|J1OS1AII HBBDEBT. V.S. — I hear you hbviinoro bota of tho same sort out. Don't lose no mdro. time about getting tHrai in. The v fooliahor tho bot is the bitter, tlio luok sometimes. Don't touch Stockings, ho has gone crookvd, .. . ; ?,iv: ,,.,- , v- ?:,.,.,,,„ ,.,..i ;,J.H(, . ' Richard Traeoy turned giddy and sat down to think. In. tho vaguo whirl of his thoughts .ho romomborod thut as mutters hod turned .out owing to' tho stewards' deoision ho must bo ono of tho heaviest of the winners. Tho cloud hud no odonor fallen than it was lifted. I l'ho sorrow of tho trial hud beon passed ; through, and it had taught its own merciful jlossori. Tho' hand. -that; had brought him through tho darkest- passago of his lifo was ; full of gifts, and carried a warning nover to bo forgotten.. Behind tho dark Christmas ! cloud was brightness, nnd tho cloud was big ' ! with blessing. ' '' : ' ' Whon Traeoy cntorod tho cottage bis mother started 'in fear at his face, not, knowing what tbo chnngo meant. Tho. expression that had been gradually desorting him for ao long had roturnod, and tho look sho so well rcmombored in tho boy's faco on. the aands was back again to tho man onco moro. ' Richard, what — what is — your faco iv different. W,hat is tho happinesa and why the joy that have como to you.' Said Charley Forn, pleadingly, in tbo garden: ' You oalled :me your son that night, and J brought him baok. Let me have the right to call you mother.'' And Mrs. Tracey took hia fresh strong faoe iriher, wbito hands, drowit towards her, and. kiaaed, his. forehead., 'Charley, my. son,'; arid .thqre was great love and softness in her voioe,, {' my Christmas gift to you will be the greatest a mother can bestow. Bar bara ia yours,'. . .. 