ITEMS OP NEWS. The English Australian Company cleaned up for 113oz lGdwt gold. 'Dlvino service will bo conductbd lo-morrow in tho Wesloyan Church, by tho Bov. J. W. Crisp. A public meeting is to be held at Muckleford next Wednesday, for the purpose of forming a Farmers' Union. Mr M'Gregor, Mayor of Castlemaine, and Mr Teague, Mayor of Chewton, wore both sworn in as justices of the peace by the police magistrate yesterday morning. Routers' telegrams slate that owing to tho continuous rainfall in England great fears are entertained for the safety of the crops. There was a very brilliant affair at Edinburgh, when the Queen reviewed 40,000 Scotch volunteers. A young man named Thomas Jones got a severe cut on the big toe while cutting wood at Chinamans Creek, through the axe slipping. He was brought into the Hospital yesterday, where the wound was sewn up. A friendly game of football was played near Mr Collin's ground yesterday afternoon between the 1st Juniors and the 2nd and 3rd Juniors of the Grammar School club, which resulted in a victory for the former by 10 goals and 15 be- hinds to 1 goal and 2 behinds. Mr Josiah Mitchell, who is well-known in con nection with farming pursuit in Victoria, died at Skelsmergh Lodge, Kyneton, on Thursday. He had the management of the Experimental Farm, and was president of the Victoria Agricultural Society. The Hon. W. J. Clarke has presented another sum of £1,000 to the Trinity College, Melbourne. At the suggestion of the Bishop of Melbourne the money is to be applied to the foundation of a lay scholarship, to be open to all comers without restriction. The other day we published a paragraph show ing the injuries sustained by cattle during a rail way journey; and last evening we were informed by a local butcher that much meat is spoiled by bruises that cattle get in transit by rail. Con sidering the cruelty to the animals and the bad appearance of bruised meat to consumers, the Government ought to take measures to provide spring buffers to all cattle trucks. The monthly committee meeting of the Pio- neer and Old Resident Association was held last evening. Over one hundred gentlemen have paid in their subscriptions since the annual meet- ling, held, two months : ago. Several motions of | great int'erefcl to the association wore passed, and | Mr Hodgson agreed to reifi a pipor.on the occa sion of the quarterly meeting, ivhidti takes place, j noxt month. : The twelfth annual report of tho Mutual Life_ Association of Australasia ju:t issued to Clie" members, a copy of which has been placed in . our hands by , the- local agent, Mr Robort B. | Roden, iJ_jof a,-,very gratifying ohnraotor. In the number and amount of new policies, the in? crease of revenue,, the rapid accumulation1 of ' invested funds, and the (ate of interest realised, : there is evidence not 6nly of a steady and satis factory amount of business done during the year, ending 30th June, 1881 ; but that tbe operations .of the Association are conducted on. tho.sound- ; est principles of Life Assurance. The councillors of Prahrdn have boon dfs ienssing the legality of expending money on testi- monisls. One of that body had looked over the Local Government Act, but could find no clause to justify tho expenditure of the ratepayers' money, for such a purpose, and thd mayor ruled that the council had no power to Sanction the I .. ., ...... »l r; 1 ; . . c 1 1. ; 1 . ; . . .1 1 . ; _ L !UAoiimvu;u. - yuaai>iuua Ul una iklliu JIUVa ul> various limes crept up at our borough council, and iu the absence of an allowance being voted to itho ' mayor, latitude in expenditure of a repre sentative character has by general consent been concurred in. I There is a gatekeeper on the Victorian Rail- iways most attentive to his duties, but troubled with a slight dullness in hearing; and last night thiB infirmity gave rise to circumstance- which nearly frightened the poor hia'ii out df his wits, through the belief that he had seen .a phantom 'vehicle drive up to his gates, and suddenly dis appear.- He saw the approaching light while in his house, and waited till it got close to the gate, when he went out to let it through; but the venicie, ugnts ana an, naa vanisnea. JULe thought it strange, and returned to his houso musing over tho occurrence. Scarcely had he got seated when the light again appeared rapidly approiching the gate, and this time there could be no mhdake, for he saw a moving dark object ; but even as ho looked the light vanished, and left ndught save darkness visible. Thoughts of supernatural warnings and ghostly visitations took possession of the man, and were hardly dispelled by the assurance of a passer-by that the light belonged to a bicycle which was being noiselessly ridden up and down the road. ; The members of the Bioycio Club will not feel pleased at the manner in whioh the Council treated " th6l?lotter' by cooly consigning' it for - consideration in a month henco. Their intention is to get up sports similar in kind, to those su perintended by the Fire Brigade, but to diver sify them with such novelties as an obstruction unit utvu inuru uiuycuiig xn oruor iiiui u programme may bo arranged, discussed, and agreed upon, preparations entered into for carrying out the sports in good form, with ail tho requisites of entricB, handicapping and the like a good deal of timo is required for prepara tory measures, but if the Council delay one month before returning an answer then time will be wasted that could have boon otherwise usefully employed. It is Baid that no other Bocietios contemplate giving sports on the Prince of Wales' Birthday on 9th November, but if this atatemont be inaccurate then it oan be speedily contradicted. Everything needful to be known on thiB subject Bhould be learuod by next meet ing of tho Council, when there need not bo any vexatious delay in giving an answer to the Bicycle Club. _ If their wish be grantod, thoy are credited with having abundance of spirit to cater for a pleasant day's amusement. On Thursday evening a boy named Andrew Robb, nine years of ago, while collecting drift wood floating down the Murray, at Echuca, fell off a log on which he was standing, and before assistance could be rendered, the unfortunate lad was swept away by the strong stream, and drowned. His father is away working at Ander son's saw-mills, at Blakeville, near Ballan, and his mother is in extremely indigent circum stances. New Insolvent. — "William Dolphin, Guild ford, storekeeper and publican. Causes of in solvency Sickness, depression of trade, and inab'ifty ' 10' oolleot debts. Debts, L772 Cs';' assets, L400 10s Id ; deSojenoy, L371 14s lid, Mr H, 0, Thorburn, assignee, . Messrs G. V. Smith nild Joseph jokes aid candidates for tho sub-librdrianBhip iii the Public Library. \- George Trucman, porter at Clunos railway station, fractured his knao-cap by a fall on Tues day night. The oxports of whoat from Adelaide for thd past week liavo boon 490 tons, -aud of flour 4338 tons. A policoman named Mulcahy Blippcd ovor tho sido of tho wharf, at Echuca, at four o'clock 011 Thursday morning, whilst watching a suspicious personage, and brolro his collar-bono. A trial crushing on Thiirsdav of 20 tons from tho South Langridgo mino, Reody Creole, yielded 11 dwt to tho ton. This return will pay, as tlio reef is 3ft Gin thick, and the ground is easily .worked. Tlio sentonco of death passed upon tho man Marovitcli, who recently murdered his wifo at Port Augusta because ho believed her guilty of inGdolity, has been commuted to imprisonment for life. . I11 tho sad contingency of Gonornl Garfield's death, ho would be succeoded as President by General Chester A. Arthur, the present Vioo- President of. tl.ro United States, a woll-kuown lawyer and politician, and liko Gonornl Garliold, in his fiftieth year. Tlio attendance at tho Adclaido Exhibition during tho past month numborod 161,294. Com pared with the attendance at iho Exhibitions hold iii tho othor colonics, tho daily average is vory, 'high, being iii Sydney, 4597 ; Melbourne; 5325 ;, and Adolaido, 5974. An epidemic, resombling in its symptoms in- > flammation of tho lungs, is very prevalent atj Mount Perry, a mining town about 200 miles; north- wost of Brisbane. Seven of tho leading re-; sidents liavo died of tho diseaso within : the lastj few days. A man named John Williams, a labourer, 52' years of ago, who fell over a cliff at Sorrento 011 the evening of tho 16th inst., and sustained j a compound fracture of tho left leg, a fracturej of tho right thigh, and other injuries, and whoj was brought to Quoenscliff and conveyed to thai Geolong Hospital, died there on Thursday. | During the voyage of the s.s. Derwont from; Sydney, to Brisbnno, a seaman named Augustus! Dominick foil overboard near Seal Rocks. A; strong south- easterly gale was blowing, and; thoro was a heavy sea. A buoy was thrown to him, and the steamor cruised round tho spot, for three quarters of an hour, but without suc cess. j According to tho Gippsland Mercury Mr: Francis is stated to be ill at ease, and Mr Berry! is said to bo preparing for a coalition on some basis, but members generally seem to think thatj tlioro are only two alternatives, either to sup-| port the present. Ministry or to accept a general; election, which most of themisay will not result ; in anything. i A complaint has been made to tho Govern- ; ment that a patient in tho Sunbury Lunatic Asylum has died, owing to the neglect of " a warder who was in charge of hiin., A board will be appointed to inquire into the|trutli;pf this par ticular accusation, and advantajjo '.will! be taken "of the opportunity tomako'full-inquiries into the organisation and conduct as tho asylum at Sun- bury. Tho Ovons and Murray Advertiser reports that aii inquest was hold on August 22, at the court house, Albury, before Mr Maunsoll, district coro ner, on tho body of a man unknown, who was found. in tho Murray. He was dressed with two check shirts', flannel singlet, and drawers ; grey striped tweod trousers and vest, a blue sae cloth coat, and a pair of blucher boots. Ho was about 5ft 7 in or 8in in height. He had a grey shaggy beard and moustache, bald on tho top uf-the head, and dark hair, turning grey. The jury returned a_vol-dict of " FouBil drowned." The colebrati'on"of a diarabrid wedding, the sixtieth anniversary of a marriage, is/an unusual occurrenco anywhere. On Thursday evening, however, (writes the Bendigo Advertiser) at the Masonic Hall, a most enjoyable -ball marked that .happy epoch in tlio married lifo of Mr and Mrs Lewis Lewis, of Sandhurst. The united ages of this happy, long- inarriod couple makes a total of one hundred and seventy-eight years, Mr Lewis' agoibbing:98, and that of his wifo 80. Not only have thiey lived to see thoir grand-children, but tliair grdat grand children. > . \- One of tho inland revenue inspectors belong ing to the Customs Department has been,, for some 'time past, suspected of taking " tip1," and a rapid and unexpected visit of the Commis sioner of Customs on ' Thursday',- 'accompanied by: Mr Hammond, to tlio distriot, led to the: sus pected officer being caught nlmoBt flagrante de licto. As there, might be technical difficulties in obtaining a - conviction, arid for othor - reasons satisfactory to himself, Mr Graves has generously allowed the offender to send in his resignation, \- he (says the Telegraph) being suspended in, the 'meantime. v: Tho : Sydney Bulletin, records the following ' .amusing but solemn fact ' The Young Men's Improvement Society; Melbourne, met the other night;to' discuss— VVhioh is more advantageous, ithe single or the married state 1 ' The debate jWelit oh w;ith great spirit for about two hours, atid just as a speakor was making an impassioned oration in fdvdur of tho ' single stnto,' a lady in ,a red shawl, and galoshes, marched up to the' ;orator,afid exclaimed-— ' Honery ! I thought you' was at tho pub, but this 'ero's worsor. Conio )'omo you willan and support your family.' When he had dismally slouched out, tho chairman put -tlie question, and ' the single state' was carried nem. dis. ; " According to General Fiolding, tbe Trans continental lino will be about 200U milos in ex tent, the cost of construction being about L8, 000, 000, exclusive of loss of intorest until the lino could be made reproductive, whioh end the syndicate purpose to attain by settlement concurrent with construction. General Field ing goes on to say : — 1 The colony up to 31st December, 1879, had spent L5, 044,293 in rail ways, being an avcrago of L10,028 per mile. It ; was not fair to include in this the cost of the line over the Range — probably about L40, 000 per mile— but there was still a large margin be tween LIU, 000 and L4U00. Supposing that Money was raised at 4 per cent., the avorago 'oarnings of the railways showed only 2| to 3 por cent, interest on the capital bxponded. This would leave 1J por cent, loss 011 every mile 'con structed, or L50 per annum, tho gross total loss on tho whole railway being L 100,000 per year. A resident of Sandhurst this week received a letter from a friend of his who went to tho Mount Browuo diggings about fivo months ngo. Tho writer says that " the diggers aro protty avoll plsyed out, if nothing fresh is found. There have been some fair claims, but nothing to boast of, tho best giving only about H20 por man. Thoro are hundreds that liavo not paid for tho minors' food. This is, howovor, principally on account of there boing no water within nine miles. It is ono of the driest parts of tho colony. You can never depend on rain, even in tho rainy season from November to August. Some time ago tho people had a throe years' drought, with not onough raiiijo make tho grass spring. As for sinking for water, the men may havo to go 300ft or 400ft. It is what. I would call a good poor man's diggings if thore was plenty of wntor, tho samo as there is in Viotorin. A poor man would starve hero. Thoro is no permanency about the diggings, as tho gold is principally got in small ravines or gullies — vory shallow — bo that a rush doos not last abovo a couplo of months at tho outside. Thoro is no thing now boing found, so tho crowd will have to return homo, for thore is nothing to keep them here. Tlio oxpchso of working a quartz roof would, I think, tako from ID oz to 20 oz to tho ton to pay. There is no timber within from 60 to 100 miles from horo, qxcopt a little to bo found ; now and again in tho creeks. If -a' battery1 wol'6' oreotod.'tho cost for fifewodd would be something enormous. f j-: -'-It' ' y>' ; A dtuiikijii bullbbk-drtv'or, on thoTeraug road' iionr Mortlako, on Tuesday night, was thrown- down and trauiplod pn by his team, and was found by somo lads lying 011 tho road insonBiblo, and with several of his ribs brokon. An occontric old English gontloman in Lin colnshire, agod oighty- throo, oonvincod of tho approaching ond of tho world, has had an im mense balloon constructed for his own ospooial use, , and provisioned it for Ihrco years, from which lio hopes to witness tho destruction qf.thq earth without sharing tho. common fato of tlio earth, dwellers. It is roportod, says tho London Sportsman: of 7th July, that tlio following-will oonstitutb the team selected by Shaw ond Shrewsbury for a visit to Canada, United States, aud Australia :: — . Shaw, Shrewsbury, Midwinter, Ulybtt, Bates, Morely, Barnes, Lillywhito, Solby, Flowor, Pilling and Scotton. Hore is one for tho despised Australian savage that deserves recording : — In a Sydney journal it is stated that a gontlomah owning a stafioti near Bingora has for a wife a pure aboriginal, to whom ho was married according to tlie. rites of the Anglican Church, and that " she has a family of daughters, who so far as grace and nccomplish- monts aro concerned, would put to tlio blush tho daughters of many n fino Sydney lady." How is this for high in rospoet to " Iho lowest type of savages in tho scale, sir." Tlio Maryborough Advortisor slates tliatDr Jackson is not practising nt Flominglon, as pre viously statod, but nows has como to hand that lin ta rintu nntrnnnfl fin nflfllRtflflfc BUri'fiOrV tO A medical gontloman with n large connection ut \ViHiamstown. His timo is fully taken up from 9 a.m. until 9 p.m., and within n vory short time I10 has attended no loss than fivo different confinements, with fair success. Great olforts aro being mndo to chango the venue of bis trial for manslaughter over the Hilder mystery from Castlomaiue to Melbourne. The reasons to show cause why tho place of trial should bo al tered, are said to extend' over sixty sidos of foolscap. ; With reference to tho efficacy of the phos- pboriaed oats supplied by tho Government as. a rabbit poison, the East Charlton Tribuno pub lishes a letter from Mr J. R. Bundle, of Loag- hur, in which he states : — " Phosphorised oata are a most effectual poison for rabbits. We iinvt) utiuit lining iv sii iuib uiavuuu iui uuuuv iuui months, and I can say that whorever it has beon laid rabbits have been ceon lying dead in hun dreds. I, as secretary of an association formed for the purpose- of destroying rabbits, 'have every opportunity si-learning the value of pli03- phorisud oats as a rabbit poison. Tho oats wo have been using are supplied to our- association by the. Government, and mixed according to Captain Raymond's recipe." One of the difficulties timing from want of le gislation regarding mining on privato property has'just cropped up in the Ararat distriot. Tho Advertisor Btates that a Mrs Petorson, a dairy woman who owns some property on the margin of the Canton Lead, between the town and. the ranges, has a small paddook, to the odge of which a narrow-run of alluvial ground has been tracod. A miner recently put down a shaft close to the paddook fence, and the owner of the property has reason to believe that his drives have been extended under her land. It is, however, her dosire to;preserve the gold until such time as her son can put down: a Bliaft, arid; fur tliis purpose she is about to take steps to proyont the ground being undermined. Tho minor contends that I10 has the privilege of driving under tho land though:not of entering it to break the surface. The Bishop of Melbourne deliverod'tho fourth of- -his -series of lectures on the Gospel and City Lifo of .'Corinth at St. Paul's Cathedral on Wed nesday; Ho dwelt (says the Ago) specially on the remarkable spiritual gifts which betokened in tho apostolic ago the presonco and power of tho "Holy Ghost, arid in the abuse; by tlio Coriu- tliians.df. those gifts. jJ.Hg jpaintaitied that the capacity of theysoui-fpr qcstatid'couiiuuniun witii the unseen world may bo' illustrated from many quarters,, and was recognised even by heathen philosophers. Adducing the experiences recor ded in the -history of the VYesleyan and other revivals, lie held that, whatever of the merely physical may attend and obscure Buch manifesta tions, one thing was certain to the conscious ness of those who had been subjected thereto, thoy did open a hew heaven of truth and . joy, and divine lovo, which irradiatod life with un undying glory. Who, I10 asked, studying the lifo and character of St. Paul, could doubt for. a moment that the spirit which inspired it was divine, and that the direct ecstatic, communion : with tho Saviour of which he 1 poke was real and ipqtent. , But we do not believe in the Gospel : to-day because of those wonderful outward phe- ;noraena — the prophesying, the visions, and .the .gift of tongues — but iu spite of them. They jare difficulties, not witnesses to faith, and we ';ask where is the life that lies behind thorn — the jpower to turn lust into purity, impudence into .piety, and selfishness into love, to bind brother ;to brother, men to angels, earth to heaven; arid, :all ."..with golden chainsabout the feet -of God;"' 