WITHIN A YEAR. ' (IN TIIRKK'CHAFTKKS.) ClIAl'TEIl ll. 'Now, once for all, Katharine, I will not havo itl You are to.leavo Julian Vane alone. lt certainly is very provoking that Miss Crowoll should chooso to defer her visit for two weeks. I wish the girl would come and.look after her own lover.' The' speaker was Mrs Carew, tho morning after Dr. Vane's lecture on French heels. Katharine shrugged her. pretty shoulders at Mrs Carew's admonition,. ' I don't want Julian Vane,' she answered. ' Aliene Crowell is moro than welcomo to him. But now, 'Aunt Lena, I ask you was it my fault that ho went on his knees to me the first time he saw mel I told him you and Miss Amant wanted him immediately.' Mrs Carew smiled and sighed. ' What is it, Fly, that all men seo in you I can't find out. You are not so pretty V . No,' answered Fly, plaintively. ' Your face is brown, decidedly.' 'Yes,1'still more plaintively. 'And yet you ne vor como near anything in the shape of a man that ho doesn't give way at . once' : n i «¡i I foll thn beardod mon at a breath, :And tho youths that grow betweon,' ' sighed Mrs Carew sorrowfully. ' What did you say, Fly I' , 'Only two lines from Longfellow, Aunt Len/ answered Miss Carew, demurely. ' Havu you anything moro to say to me, Tautinotto)' ' No j only remombor I will not have you to flirt with Julian Vane, Ho is too good for you to interfere with.' . ' Ak, bah,' cried tho girl, and rushing from the room, came in contact with Dr. Vane. .' Miss Carew,' she exclaimed. ' I'm in disgrace,' she cried, 'sent to Coven- try; you must not speak to mo-- and it's all your fault. Another, time, Dr. Vane, allow my French heels to tako caro of themselves.' Julian was conscious of a whirlwind of whito niuslinj grey eyes, and brown hair, and then was left lamenting. "1/ Not very long after, as ho crossed tho large hall that ran tho entire length of th» houso, he was attracted by tho'sound of voices in tho eas- tern room. Pushing tho door cautiously open, be discovered Miss Carew on tho floor near the window, Reg by hor side, his yollow head in . dire confusion. Miss Carow was evidently" put ting the dogs through' their morning exercise, for'Spider, tho pug, lay on tho floor, his tail curled in nappy satisfaction at bis task done, while ¡bis'stubby black nose sniffed duintly at a bit of seedcake held out hy Ecg. Not so happy was Ruffler j his work was yet to como. . -' . :. 'Attontion,' cried Miss Carew, in comic imitation' of Boucicault os Conn. Ruffler raised his little fat body in mid-air, balancing himself unsteadily on his bnck logs, cooked ? one car jocosely, and waved his yellow paws languidly., ' Good doggie I' cried Miss Carew. ' Givo him somo cake, Rug.' ' Doód doggie,' echoed Reg, cooingly, hold- ing out tho cake temptingly. 'You may como in, Dr, Vano,' laughed Miss Carew.' ' I have finished my drill, and regained my temper.' Did,Mrs Carew scold youl' asked Vane wonderingly. She nodded hor head for answer, looking up at him from her scat on tho floor, tho sunlight catching her hair, brought out sudden goklon lights hidden before Vane felt a sudden thrill pans through him, 'What about 1' ' Oh, my ill-conduct, my extravagance in having silk stockings und French heels, when I own less thau nothing a year.' Thon with a sudden brilliant smile said, ' Dr. Vane, lot us play ' Duck on tho rock 1" . And what is ' Duck on tho rock V ' You don't know 1 Why, how your educa- tion has been neglected 1 Why ' Duok on tho rook' Í8 Reg's and my favourite pastime. It ia far ahead of polo, pallouo, lawn tennis, or aunt sally; it's less expensive, and docs not require much brain power. Como and bo initi- ated at once,' Sho sprang to her feet, caught up Spider by the tili), and vanished through the window, followed by. Vano, Reg, and Ruffler, Miss Carew led the way to a shady spot on tho. lawn, whence the silver Hudson was visible lying asleep in the summer sun, 'The first thing to do,' she said eui neatly, ' is to find a rook and. a duck, also some smaller stones not very eusy to find here, when Norton re- gards all-'sticks, stones, and rocka ashia ospe ciul cnemios. .Ab, what do 1 soo?-tho very thing j' and running round a largo spreading oak,'Miss Carew appeared, triumphantly draw ins Reg's garden cart full of atones. ' Yon will let Bobbins have these, won't you, Reg 1' she said, persuasively. 'Ess,' »aid Reg, rather regretfully. 'Now, Mr Vano, put this largest atone on the grass-so; that ia tho rock ; now this smal- ler pointed ono on tho top of that is our duck. You seo, wo aro each to tako a stone, stand off as fur as yon like, and aim nt tho duck, If you succeed in knocking it off, you must run ind get your stono and bo back at the houso before the duok is pluced iu position, or else you mitta unolhur shot until I havo failed. Of course, tho further awuy you send > the duel the better ehnnce you. havo of getting home in time, Wo will?> make Reg'duok'and-rod keeper; he ia.so slow he will give us a litth .moro leeway; und wu will moko' the'garni twenty-five points.' . , . ? ! > .= f And tho>prize, Miss Carew,' asked Vane. ' Oh, mako it what you 'choose ; but I shal win it, and as you aro a beginner, wo will'sa) place auxhommes.' "' '? Julian hurled his stono violently at tho tar get ; it sped on its way, but loft the duck sit- ting uninjured on the rook. *. .With a littlolow laugh, Miss Carow took hoi position; gavo a quick glauco over tho distance to be passed, bent down, and with n suddet movement sent her missive on its way ; the next moment thero was heard a sharp crack, the duck was spinning some roods off, and Miss Carew was 'flying over tho grass, rescuing hei stone, and buck again boforo poor Reg had mounted tho duck on its throne. 'Amid much luughtor and furious barking of tho dogs, thc game continued, and ut the end of fifteen minutes Vane had becomo an ardent ' admiret of 'duck on the rock' and his fair instruc- tor. During ono of their pauses for breath he said : ' Bob Lawronco is coming to stay with mc, and I want you to promise to bo good to him, Miss Carew. Bob is an awfully good follow, rich to no ond through his uncle's will, hut down on all womon. Ho will bring Banjo and Kentucky with him so wo might havo some jolly rides, if you liko.' Miss Carow was holding hor stono in her hand, ready for another shot. AB ho mentioned his, friend's name, a sudden shiver shook hor from hoad to foot, and it was well another voice than hms broke tho silence, or Vane must have noticed her confusion. ? ' Might ono inquiro tho nature of this amuse- ment V It was Misa Amant who stood bofo re thom, her drapery of finest muslin und billowy laco trailing behind her over tho grass; her golden hair, in which tho silvor was already mingling, parted over her bropd, well-shaped i head and brow in even waves, was gathered I in a heavy knot low in her neck. All tho merri- ment died out of the group as she spoke, , 'Miss Carew luis buen kindly teaching mo '.duck on tho rock,' said Julian, answering the questioning look in Misa Amaut's oyes. .'Indeed I' in her slow, measured way. ' Do you find it amusing, Miss Carew ?' ' ' Very,' answered tho girl, shortly. Then, with a wicked glimmer in her oyes, 'Its chief charm lies in,its hoing a classical game. You know it is truced buck to thu Greeks,' she went on, innocently. ' Helen introduced it into Troy aftor she wits taken captive, and she und Paris used to indulgo in it centuries ugo. Dr. Schliemann, in his lato discoveries, found one of the identical stones, bearing Helen's namo and the score, of thc gamo. It makes ono feel so learned, Miss Amant, to havo oven one's amusements date.back for ages.'. ' Yes, it must,' said Miss Amant, simply, unable to make up her mind as to Miss Care w's veracity. ' Luncheon ia ready, however. Shall we go in? Julian, are you coming?' .'No,' ho answered, his face crimson from suppressed laughter; 'I am to bring Bob Law- rence over this ovouing.' As tho two ladies moved away Miss Amnut a little ahead, ho seized Miss Carow'a hand. 'You aro a perfect duck,' he said, rapidly, and pressed the little brown hand to his lips. Then Reg, tho.dogs, and tho two women disappeared within tho door. .. . Somo boura later, ns Miss Carow came leisurely down the stairs, sho »VHS mot by Julian. ' How long you havo been ?' ho said orossly ; ' mid- Why, you look palo 1 A rp you ill ? 'No,' she answered j ' it's thc after effects of ' duck oil tho rook.' 'Como,' ho said, impatiently, '.I, want Bob' to see you.' : In another moment Miss Carow was in tho softly lighted drawing-room, and Julian Vano was mumbling out an introduction to some one. Sho ruiscd her oyes. What sho saw was a sligh t well-mado mun, with tho head and fnco of the young Antinous of tho Vatican como to lifo, only with an intensified languor and melan- cholia, in every feature. If tho sight was not a now ono to, her, sho made no sign ; not oven a ripple of colour puased over her fuce. . What ho saw was a slender girlish figure clad in somo soft thin black gatix.o, through which hor shoulders and arms gleamed dangerously, a !»reat hunch of Jucque roses at hor waist, it: mutinous 1 primroBO fuco,' soft brown hair, and, two wistful groy eyes. If to him the vision was I not a novelty, so, too, ho made no sign, and not a ghost of recognition echoed in his voico us ho remarked of his happiness of knowing Miss Carew. Tho ovoning passed rather tamely. Miss Amant had not forgiven Miss Carow'a classical impudence Miss Carow was sleepy, while Katharine seomcd to havo suddenly succumbed to a fit of depression, and sat idly in tho win- dow, with the moon shining upon hor, [licking hor rosea to bits. At linearly hour Vane and Lawrence loft. Aa Kuthiirino atood ut her dressing tablo that night, she took from her nook a slight gold chain, to which was fastened, a tiny folded square of silk paper. She touched it lov- ingly with her fingers, and finally put it to her lips. Whon sho foll asleep thore woro tears upon tho brown chcoks. 