OI5APTER X. WVHEN Gertrude Wentworth recovered from her swoon it was to find herself in her own room, with Dr. Malyon, ever kind and attentive, by her bedside. Weak and suffering as the poor child was, it required but little argument on the doctor's part to persuade her that what she had seen, or, as he phrased it, believed she had seen, in her father's room, was but a dream, a more delusion, arising from the nervous system having been overtaxed by anxiety and long watching. Rest, rest, was what Gertrude required, and rest she must have; indeed-and the doctor strongly emphasised these words without rest he would not answer for the confsequences; an opinion in which, as was usual with all Dr. Malyon's opinions, Dr. B"owlby unhesitatingly agreed. And so Gertrude was forbidden, for that day at least, to rise from her bed, while old Mrs. Bleek, tie housekeeper, willingly undertook to stay beside her, receiving and transmitting to her young charge the news from the baronet's room. The nurse from London wisely kept away; besides, her duties called her elsewhere; but it was from her that Mrs. Block received her reports, which were uniformly favorable to tihe state of health of the patient. Poor Mrs. Bleekl A piece of antiquity crumbling away-a colourless, characterless old woman, as thoroughly " faded out " as one of the myriad figures in the tapestry which rotted on the Weutworth walls, she regarded the progress of events around her through a pair of weak, watery eyes, too utterly feeble to be even astonished, caring for nothing, talking of nothing, but the grandeur of the Wentworths, and clinging to the " old house " with the instinct of a cat. Prepared to meet an opponent, Mrs. Prudence had found in the housekeeper a ready, because an unconscious, ally. The poor old soul succumbed at once before the irruption of " clever folk " from London, was ready at beck and call, happy to do anybody's bidding, as she glided about, a phantom of the past, her head always twisted over her shoulder, lacking, as Benjamin Darknoll would sneeringly say, " oven strength of mind enough to die." Her one fear was this same Benjamin Darknoll. In his presence she " faded out " still more, growing mentally- thinner and thinner, till metaphorically speaking she became a mere glimmer of a woman, like a figure on a magic-lantern slide. "An awful man is Benjamin Darknoll, my dear," she would say to her young mistress in those rare times when she permitted herself to talk of him at all, " and one that I wouldn't knowingly cross for a greatdeal, notwithstandinghis soft- speaking ways. His daughter, Mrs. Rockwood as is now, was one not easily to be faced when she was angered, but, lor' bless you, darling, I would rather have to do with her in her wrath than with her father, who never seems to get angry at all." In one of her hurried flittings from the door of Sir Hugh's room back to where Gertrude, overy greedy of news, was toeing her pretty head to and fro uneasily on the pillow, Mrs. Bleok encountered Benjamin Darknoll coming out of the shadow of the long corridor. A queer pair they were, this hunched old man with the thin white hair and stealthy tread; and this dim old woman, who seemed but a gliding shadow of other dim old women, who stitched and embroidered centuries ago the work now crumbling from the ancient walls. Both far advanced in years, yet how different in thought and feeling I-the man restless and eager beneath his quietude of manner, busy with the present and full of schemes for the future; the woman only brooding upon what has been-a nervous, spectral old lady, seemingly almost as impalpable to the touch as one of those chilly vapours that nestle over tombs. She was hurrying by, when Darknoll by a gesture stopped her. " Good evening, Mrs. Bleek. You come from Sir Hnugh's room ? " " Yes, Mr. Darknoll-that is to say, from the door of his room, Mrs. Prudence not permitting any one, and very properly too, I'm sure,'to cross the threshold." " Mrs. Prudence has no will of her own in tlioimattor," observed the old man, quietly. " She acts under the doctor's instructions. How is Sir Hugh ? " The housekeeper shook her head. " Nothing arouses him for more than a few minutes at a time from his terrible heavy sleep. He takes his drugs as quiet as any babe and then goes off again, sound as before. He asks for no one, not even for Miss Gertrude now." " And that is the message you are taking her ? " asked the old man in his softest voice. " Heaven forbid I " cried the housekeeper, with a start. "In her state it would be her death-the dear, loving thing I " Benjamin Darknoll had drawn nearer to her and was peering inquisitely into her face. "Her state! Is Miss Gertrude then so very ill ?" " Not ill, but suffering in mind as well as body, the darling I The doctor said a violent shock might have` the : worst consequences." "Ah," yes, I understand I ". said the old man, shaking his white head. "Her poor mother died of heart disease, if I remember right. Such things are too often heredi tary." He did not remember right,.as he was quickly remiiaded; for in touching upon the past'he had entered upon Mrs. Bleek's domain, and she was proceeding to give a cirdumstauntial account of the causes which had led to the late Lady Wentworth's demise, when Darknoll interrupted her. " There, there, the poor lady sleeps her last sleep I Let her rest! I fear Gertrude has her mother's nature-a weakly flower, whose life the first rough blast might wither. Poor child I " The words were kind; but though the voice was as usual so soft as to be almost caressing, there was but little pity in its tone. "Poor child I " he repeated; " she will. require careful tending I '" Whom the first shook may kill,'-these were your words, Mrs. Bleek ? " "They were Doctor Malyon's. , He seems a very clever man-Doctor Malyon." "A man of vast experience. His orders must be implicitly obeyed. You must let no one for the present have access to Miss Gertrude. Absolute repose for both father and daughter is necessary. Poor child I poor child I "-and as he had come out of the shadow so he was absorbed by it again as he walked on, leaving Mrs. Bleek to flit away on her errand more misty than ever. Arrived at Sir Hugh's room-door, Darknoll softly laid his knuckle against the panel. It was opened quickly and closed as noiselessly by Mrs. Prudence. " The same ?" was his whispered question. "No alteration ? " "No alteration as yet." " The girl must not see him again." Mrs. Prudence shrugged her shoulders. "It is, perhaps, better that she should not, though the result would be the same." " Who knows ? Affection has sharp eyes, and father and daughter love each other well. Love will sometimes work miracles, Mrs. Prudence." Mrs. Prudence shrugged her shoulders again. " Hate may do it, not love. If you had seen as many death-beds as I have, Mr. Darknoll, you'd know what, even in the last agony, hate can do; how lips, with the coldness of the grave upon them, would spend their last breath to curse ; how the hand already half clay would claw con vulsively at the pen that was to enrich, by one expiring stroke, some hospital or alms house, leaving kith or kin to die in the one or to be relieved by the other." Here the " nurse from London " laughed, or rather the muscles of her generally im movable face simulated a laughter that, though visible, made no sound. " Clarity I " she went on, for Darknoll, his head bent, his eyes searching the ground, did not immediately speak. "It would have a queer result, could one in quire how much of real charity there was behind the ' charitable donations' we see blazoned out on parchment, careen in brick, and set up in marble I Love of their species 1-pity for the fallen -above all, pity for poverty I Bahl I Hatred, malice, and all an-charitableness 1 They feed the poor's box, and keep 'good institutions' actively alive. And it's so throughout nature-all links in a chain I Look at the herbs in my shop-the same that yields a poison yields a cure I " "If Philip," said the old man, who had evidently not been listening to a word she was saying, " had again sought an inter view with Sir Hugh ? " "I believe the remaining strength still left the baronet, if any, would be exerted to put him from the room." Darknoll muttered something between his teeth, and turned away. Few things moved the strange old lodge-keeper out of his usual quiet. One thing always did so an unkind mention of Philip. "He must have sinned grievously, this young man," said Mrs. Prudence, her. keen red eyes watching closely the other's equally keen black ones. " His have been the foibles of youth." aunwured the lodge-keeper. " Prodigal of money he never sweated to earn; careless of those attentions which the selfishuess of old age requires ; ever in love with a neat ankle and a sparkling eye; bred up as one of the lilies who toil not, neither do they spin; gifted with but one knowledge of money-that it was made round, that he milht roll it away the faster." "A young man to be commended," smiled the cynical Mrs. Prudence. "There is no conceiving what an amount of good your light-gloved, delicate, spendthrift hands may do. When they shake the tree, all unbeknown to them the bread-fruit falls into the laps of a thousand others to whom such bread is life." " Philip will be rich enough in a day or two, when Sir Hugh dies," said Darknoll, somewhat impatiently and sulkily. He was turning away, when the woman laid a swift hand on his arm. " Are you sure of that ? " There was something in her voice that caused the lodge-keeper to turn upon her sharply. " What do you mean ? " " What you had best convey to Mr. Rock wood. I came here by his wish; I take my orders from him, and no other." " I have neither the wish nor the right to command," said the old man, in his smoothest voice and softest manner. "I also take my orders from Mr. Rockwood, who, as you know, is at the present speak ing a guest at my humble house. What is it that you wish me to convey to him ? " " That it is my belief-nay, I have almost a certainty-that a will has been written that a will exists." Benjamin Darknoll gave a gasp. Like the two augurs, the precious pair understood each other, but they didn't laugh aloud. "Exists I-where ? Impossible I " Mrs. Prudence gave her usual shrug of the shoulders. " As to the 'where,' that will be for others to discover. As-to its being possible, you are the best judge of that." ' But the reasons for your suspicion ? " "His continual muttering in his sleep about no need of lawyers- they are all knaves-but that he has taken care of that; that the wolves will be disappointed of their prey; and that, when he is gone, the lamb may turn and rend her pursuers." " I don't understand what he means by that," murmured Darknoll, with another gasp. But the two augurs, who did not laugh, understood each other perfectly. It is so hard, even with those who know us best, to shake off the habit of dissimulation. " The Wentworth estate is not entailed, I believe " " No." " It is in the power of Sir Hugh to leave it to you or me." "It was in his power to do so. A man not in his right mind can make no valid will." " Suppose the will was made and wit nessed before the accident. What then." They had long ago withdrawn from the threshold of the sick man's door, and amidst the gloom of the gathering shadows themselves, as they stood in the deep em brasure of a window, looking out upon ghostly tree and vanishing lawn. " I have been Sir Hugh's friend, adviser, and confidant for long, long years. He would never have made such a will without consulting me. A weak man- " Again the otherwise impassive counten ance of Mrs. Prudence rippled with a silent laugh. " You surprise me, Mr. Darknoll-a man of your experience I Why, of all men, the weak ones are the most dangerous-the least to be relied on. A weak man has the heart of a rabbit, but the cunning of the fox; and if his best friend should lean upon him, he breaks beneath him like a rotten stick. Do you know a man called Mild may? " How could he help knowing him ? "Another weak man, and rector of the parish. Mr. Mildmay cares for nothing, thinks of nothing, but his rod and line, and "-this with a sneer-" perhaps the poor of the parish." "Mildmay is the name. he constantly couples with the will. If a will exists, it is Mr. Mildmay who has witnessed it." "It is impossible I " exclaimed the old man, moved for the first time beyond self control. " The rector was in all things opposed to Sir Hugh." "And to Miss Gertrude ?" The question came upon Mr. Benjamin Darknoll like the sting of a wasp. The rector adored Miss Wentworth ; and it was in his house that she had found congenial society while her brother was playing billiards with the young squireens at the Wontworth Arms down in the village or busy on the nearest racecourse preparing a "book," or whilst the baronet himseli was whooping and holloaing, like a red-coated maniac, over hill and down dale after the brush of a fox. It was beneath the kind rector's roof that Gertrude had met his pupil Everard; and love, whose seeds are scattered by the winds of heaven, grew up between them like a flower. " Carry what I have told you to Matthew Rockwood. I repeat I am here as his servant, and it is only Matthew Rockwood I obey. To my mind the game is over and the gamesters sold." The lodge-keeper's eyes gleamed savagely as she turned almost contemptuously away, and, with a slight wave of the hand, re-passed the threshold of the room. A strange woman 1 A terrible warder, whether watching at the threshold of life, when baby eyes open with wonder on a new and cruel world, or whether standing by the dark portals of death. Yet with those who kneow this quiet little woman only in her double vocation of herbalist and nurse, Mrs. Prudence was beloved by some, respected by all. It would be a thing curious to know if when the French poisoner, Brinvilliers, passed from bed to bed in her daily round of the hospitols, testing, with tearful eyes or smiling face, her drugs upon the patients \- if any recognised in the beautiful, " charitable " lady but another and more terrible form of death, who, when those delicate hands arranged the linen of the bed, felt with instinctive shudder that the grave-clothes were being fastened about thnain, nr- that no tho l?h1u- and ?urpent-llke figure paused, bending over them with velvet touch and soothing words, that each touch was a fiendish test-each word a calculation to result in-death ? Of one thing we may be sure-that the withered old woman of the Warren cared no more for the " departing spirit " in the bed than she would have done for some frog in an aquarium, or than the great French chemist did for the dog that licked his hand beneath the knife. When Lacenaire, the murderer, was examined, the judge demanded from him a reason for his wholesale and often unremunerative cruelties. "The desire to kill I " was his reply. And the spirit of Lacenaire, this fiend assassin, dwelt in this little red-eyed woman, who on ordinary days sat in her shop, sorting her herbs and blinking, after the fashion of her namesake, in the sunlight. Malyon knew her well. These two things of evil had from natural affinity been drawn together. The man of science, the disappointed and bitter student of the world, had understood the woman thoroughly when he said, " I would trust her with anything -but my life." It was seldom that Daddy Darknoll's blood ran cold, but it did so as the little woman vanished once more, ghost-like, into the sick man's room. CHAPTER VI. It was with a heavy and troubled heart that Benjamin Darknoll took his way home across the park. Were all his plans to prove abortive, and Philip, the child of his blood, to be cast out shamed and a beggar ? The ambition he, an old, old man, had nourished for years, was it to crumble from him as the earth crumbles beneath the foot on the edge of a grave ? Years 1-the years had become days, hours, almost minutes, and the danger he had most feared was at hand. Still the old man held to his resolve, that one of his blood should rule where he had served-at Wentworth Abbey. "He promised me that," lie said, " when I threatened to expose him before his new wife in his own house. What I my daughter \- my handsome daughter wasn't good enough for him, this creature of clay, who has taken as much paiis to break his neck over a fence as a thief does to gain his promotion on a gallows I For a great wrong there must be a great right, and Philip shall yet be lord of this place, upon which my grandfather and his great-grand father were born." The evening had almost darkeped into night when Darknoll reached his home. And a very pleasant home it was, that cosy old lodge, with its ivied porch that rose into a sort of tower, with a great escutcheon of the Wentworths over the doorway, covered with drooping masses of wild hop, and, sweetest of creeping plants, the lady of the bower. A place it was for an artist to sketch, for a poet to visit, and afterwards to re-visit again and again in his dreams. Nothing, if judged by line and rule, was correct in form-in builder's form; but 0, the delicious "greenery," that wanton and exuberant beauty which held everything in a wild embrace. A curtain of verdure broken by twinkling windows, a forest of chimneys, and there we have, embosomed in a garden of flowers, the pleasant place that was once the home of Diana Darknoll. As the old man hurried across the park the shadowy deer rose up before him, and glancing through the fast-rising mist, passed swiftly away ; while tile myriad rabbits, still capering about, came to gaze at the intruder, showed their white scuts for a moment, and then disappeared in the ground like plump little fairies. Arrived at the lodge, he passed in at a side-wicket, exchanging a few words with a sunburnt fellow in a shabby velveteen coat, who was busy with a bill-hook trimming the hedges and cutting off the decayed branches of trees. " Any gentlemen here, Applethwaite ? " inquired Darknoll. The sunburnt man paused a moment to consider. He placed his bill-hook on a hedge, doffed his hat, and with an extremely greasy handkerchief wiped his forehead slowly. "Well, Mister Darnkoll, there be no denying that there be several persons here ; but when you come to the decision of gentlemen, why that calls for discussion." " Which it isn't worth my time or yours to go into," interrupted Darknoll, impatiently; adding, "is Mr. Philip here?" The sunburnt man finished wiping his head-a good broad head it was, full of natural sagacity-then cast the crumpled handkerchief into the crown of his hat and laughed aloud. " He be all here ; not a bit of him missing from the top of his head to the solo of his boots. And precious tight he is too-his boots and himself." " Drunk ? " asked Darlknoll, sharply. "Drunk I-well, that is also a question open to discussion. I've known a chap as would get drunk on a teaspoonful of liquor, while t'other chaps-myself to the fore always would empty a bucket and coom out smilin'. Thurst is a thing as is born with one-we takes to drink afore we takes to food." Darknoll eyed him keenly. " Get home and close the gate after you. You're better in bed than anywhere else, I think." The sunburnt man, Applethwaite, or Sandy Peter, as he was calledin the village, looked after his temporary employer with a grin that nearly cut his face in two, elongating itself, slowly but surely, from ear to ear. "Better in bed, am I, Daddy? Well, that's a matter as also admits of discus sion." He crossed to the other side of the hedge, and with much chuckling drew forth a gun and game-bag from under a heap of leaves. "Bed I-ah I " and he whistled cheerily. "What a mee-raculous thing in this world is different ideas I I've got mine and he's got his'n. I'm goin' out on the 'loose,' I am ; and 0 I "-here Mr. Applethwaite drew a long breath as he polished the lock of his gun with his coat-sleeve-" what splenda cious words they arel 'On the loose I' Look at me agoin' out like a roarin' lion seekin' what other people will devour I " Then placing two fingers to his mouth whistled shrilly. "Ah I here she comes I What, Rummager, old gal, come at last? There goes the church clock, dang it I I might have guessed as much. It's I as am before time, old wench, not you as is after it." As this to his mind was a matter that admitted of no discussion, he stooped down and tenderly caresssed the dog at his feet. She had come towards him sniffing through the long grass, and with as much, or perhaps with more, than human affection, thrust her cold black muzzle into his hand. A cross between the retriever and the Scotch colley was Rummager, well known to every inhabitant of Dripsey Bridge known and loved-greatly loved-but, we are sorry to say, not respected. The pet of all the village children, and of course daintily fed by many of their mothers, Sandy Peter's doggie would have been ultimately killed by kindness but for the thoughtful care of her master, who, knowing that much food requires an equal amount of exercise to promote digestion, took Rummager out for an airing generally at nightfall, and always-as his enemies said-in company with a gun and a game bag. " I'm off this job to-morrow," said Sandy Peter as he sat down, taking the beautiful black head of his dog between his strong hands and kissing it affectionately; "and to tell you the truth, Rummager, dear old gal, I'm not sorry for it. I never did like Daddy Darknoll, and I never shall. It's a hard thing to say, but when two such friends as you and me, Rummager, meets, there is no secrets atween us. I would sooner be a-chisselin' his tombstone as a-cuttin' down his trees-much sooner. His trees I " and the tall, strong fellow drew himself erect and looked around. "It's a precious queer world for a feller to be pitched into, when not only the birds of the air, but every leaf and blade of grass, has an owner I Here is Mr. Philip, whose father lies dying up at the Abbey, has been a-drinking himself blind at the Wentworth Arms. A wonderful arms it be, crammed wi' all the comical animals in creation, a-clawin' and a-grinnin' at each other, with the young heir to all their beauties a-making a hog of himself beneath 'em. Rummager, my darling " and he continued to caress his dog's head "you come of a good breed, you do, but I never yet saw you misbehave yourself aces of your family tree. Family tree I They talks a goodish lot about the family tree, but I finds oninwestigation " (investigation and discussion being weak points-he would have called them strong ones-on the part of Mr. Applethwaite) "that they mostly counts the upper branches and says nothing of the lower, which helps to build the parish stocks and fashion the three legged stools. I know who it was who taught me to think like that," he said, with a laugh; " it was young Mr. Everard Corbott, heaven bless him I for the noblest, finest spirited feller that ever snapped a trigger. 'Peter,' said he to me the day he left, ' you're as brave as a lion, and as true as steel; but you are one of those chaps as hasn't had their chances. You look after Miss Gertrude while I'm gone, and when I come back from India I'll fill your pockets with rupees; ' not that I know what those last things are, but sweets of some kind no doubt, for lie and she wero desperate hard on toffoy and brandy-balls; and so was you, Rummager, not lorgettirig myself, which I believes to have been the worst of all." Still busy with his gun, he was indulging in a hearty laugh at this saccharine remin iscence when Rummager rose to her feet and uttered a prolonged and very threaten ing growl. Mr. Applethwaite's gun disappeared as if by magic; and assuming a careless, jaunty manner, he plucked a dock-leaf, and pro ceeded, with the air of a Chesterfield, to dust his boots. A voice sounded from the adjacent field "hilloa I-anybody alive that side of the hedge ? " Not recognising the voice of the ques tioner, Sandy Peter, with a gesture toRum mager to keep quiet, continued to dust his boots. "Hilloa I can't you open your mouths ?" -a question this time accompanied by a shower of pebbles and dirt. Then, and not till then, Sandy Peter rose up in his wrath. "Is it at me or my dog that you are throwing your brains ? If you want a thrashing, take your courage in both hands and come over yourself, and you'll get it." The invitation was no sooner given than it was answered. With no slight exertion of strength, a man burst through the hedge, and swagger ing up, stood before his questionor. Rummager was on to him in a moment; but a kick from the new-comer's boot-heels sent her back to the side of her master, angry, snarling, but ready to renew the attack. "I don't know whether your tailor has over taken your measure," said Peter Applethwaite, angrily surveying the stranger. "But if you touch my dog again I'll save him the trouble, and malte you take it with as much clay at your back as, dug deep enough, would serve you for a grave I " " Don't talk too quick, yokel. Best look at me first; your eyes may have more sense than your mouth." The speaker was a muscular follow, bow legged, and strongly built, wearing the un dress of a groom. He looked at the sinewy but lank figure of Sandy Peter with a laugh. Peter eyed him carofully and curiously. "You'll know me again ?" was the stranger's question, growing impatient under the long survey. "Well," was Mr. Applethwaite's re joinder, "I don't know as I should be in clined to. Yours is not one of them faces as would be hung out as a signboard. I think, all things considerin', on seeing it, I should button up my pockets and go to another house." The beetle-browed, ruffianly-looking fel low seemed inclined to commence hostilities at once; but the intense placidity of Peter's manner puzzled him. " Who is your master here ? " Peter Applothwaito loohod Grot a2u0 un the ground, then up in the air, then all ....a. s:11 1,:t, .. ,O ,luowly UILk to hia questioner's face. "I can't find him. Can you ?" "For two pins I'd try." "'Twouldn't be worth the risk," retorted .Peter, " unless they was di'mund pins, the Kooinor and his twin brother, some such trifles-you couldn't afford td do it under." The fellow, still menacing attack, scowled fiercely at the dog. " That's a pretty cur you've got there to go about a-bitin' men's heels. How much do you reckon her life is worth ? " " Pretty nearly about the same vally as yourn. You touch her again, and I'll strike the balance." The two men were close together now, well-matched combatants - the one short and strong, the other lithe and muscular, hard, and spare of flesh. " I don't know who youlare, or what you are; but one thing I do know-that if you come through a hedge in that manner," pointing to the broken hedge, "without asking with your leave, or by your leave, to any one who may happen to be on the other side of it, I'll fling you back again, you blue-faced, undersized scoundrel, that I will." The allusion to the blue face was made to a scar, a huge scar, disfiguring a portion of the stranger's cheek; but the word "scoundrel," possibly as being too appro priate, aroused to the full extent the man's fury. His bulldog visage, blue mark and all, quivered with rage, and raising his hand he struck out fiercely. Alas I Mr. Powder Blue-for the reader must have recognised a disreputable ac quaintance-had reckoned without his host. A bully, a vulgar, hectoring aggressive. fol low, a strong body encasing a craven soul, yet one who, by dint of manner and mus cle, had ruled the roast in convict prison and London slum, he never dreamed of opposition among the r'rurals." His antagonist swerved aside, and the blow of Mr. 13Bradloy was expended on the empty air. A crushing retort came from the strong right arm of Peter, and as Powder Blue came stumbling forward, he felled him at a blow. It was rather a pleasant sight to see Mr. Bradley lying there among the ferns. H?e was very quiet, and, spread out upon the grass, looked very like death. Mr. Applethwaite however knew better. "Get up I " he said, delivering a not very gentle kick into the prostrate man's ribs. "You ain't good-looking when you are up; but you're better on your legs than on yourback." Powder Blue rose, sullkily enough. "I'll have your lifo for this I " The " free forester," as Peter was some times called in the village, replied to this threat by a laugh. " What I take a man's life because you're worsted in a fair stand-up fight I For cer tain sure, you never was born in our county. We gives and takes a licking in good part, and the harder the fist that has malloted us, the readier we are to shake it." Such were not the sentiments of Mr. Powder Blue. Mopping the blood from his face, lhe stood, and, lacking the congenial wall, fur tively shouldered a tree. "Look hero I" he said. " You don't know me, but you shall I I'll stake twenty pounds in any honest man's hands, and fight you for it I Will you do as much ?" Peter Applethwaito laughed outright. "I ? Why, man aloive, I never was possessed of twenty shillings in my life; but as you're strange in these parts, and don't know our ways, I'll thrash .you as often as you like for nothing I " Before the other man could make reply, which he was about to do in a very practical manner, a rider, who had approached un perceived by either, thrust his horse bo tween them. " What's the row here ? Up to some of your tricks, Bradley ? " And, leaping from the saddle, Matthew Rockwood tossed the reins to the now obsequiously attentive groom. "Or," and the lawyer turned sharply upon Applethwaiteo, "are you up to some of yours ? " "Well," replied Mr. Applethwaito, with his usual amusing grin, "I dunnut know what you mean by that, Mister Matthew; except p'r'aps in the way of a hare, or a rabbut, I hav'n't got much on my consci once, and I hope as you won't be troubled with a worse digestion." Rookwood was about to make an angry reply, when he caught sight of Darknoll, standing at the wicket, impatiently beckon ing. "You and I will settle accounts another day, Mr. Applothwaito." And Ro6kwood, followed by Bradley, who was leading the horse, strode away. Mr. Applothwaito's face was again divided by an excess of mirth. " Settle accounts I That's what you're up to I I've known you, Mister Rockwood, for nigh about my lifetime; and I know this, that when you come to settle accounts, it means ruin to somebody I " (I'o be contlimed.) 