RUPERT GODWIN. Br THE AUTHOR OP "LADY AUDLEY'S SECBET," " AURORA FLOYD," &C.; CHAPTER XXXIV. FEVER-STBICKEN. When tbe servant who had been in the habit of waiting upon Lionel Westford entered the young man's bedroom late at night, in order to close the shutters of the apartment, he found Lionel lying on the bed in the state of unconsciousness into which he had fallen The astonishment of the servant was very fc. . Several hours had passed since he had entered Lionel's sitting-room in order to prepare the table for dinner. He had then found the apartment empty, and the letter addressed to Miss Godwin lying on the table. He had taken that letter to Julia, and had been told by her that Mr. Wilton had left the Hall for an indefinite period, and that his services would therefore be no longer needed in the chintz-rooms at the end of the corridor. But now he found Lionel Westford lying on the bed, dressed in his walking clothes, and his hair damp and dishevelled. Lionel's face was turned towards the wall, and it never occurred to the man that he might possibly be ill. Only one idea entered his mind; and that was that the artist had been drinking somewhere during his absence from the Hall, and had returned intoxicated to fling himself dressed upon his bed. " If a servant did such a thing, he'd lose his situation," thought the man; "but I suppose your artist chaps can do what they please. Miss Godwin seems to have uncommon fancy for this one, but I don't know what she'll say when she hears of his goings-on." He left Lionel's room, and descended to the lower part of the house. Julia Godwin was seated in the drawing-room ; but she was not alone. Mrs. Melville was on guard as usual, with her eternal embroidery-frame before her, the very pattern of primeness and propriety. She had watched Julia narrowly since the coming of Lionel AVestford, and she by no means approved the young lady's evident liking for the artist. The man-servant entered the drawing-room and told the two ladies of Mr. Wilton's return. Nothing could exceed Mrs. Melville's indignation. " Returned!" she cxclaimed; " returned to the Hall without giving any notice of his return, or offering any explanation of his conduct, after writing a formal letter to Miss Godwin announcing his departure 1 I really never heard of such impertinence. What can he mean by such conduct ?" Julia said nothing. She had been cruelly wounded by the receipt of Lionel'6 cold-worded letter telling her of his departure, and she had been very silent throughout the afternoon and evening. She bent over her book so as to keep her face concealed from Mrs. Melville and the servant, and made no remark whatever. "Julia, my dear!" exclaimed Mrs. Melville, did you ever hear of such mingled audacity and ingratitude 1 I am really quite distressed upon your account, as this person is a kind of protege of yours. Are you not surprised, my love, and ore you not indignant at such insolence ?" Poor Julia was obliged to look up as she answered these energetic questions. " There may be some reason for his conduct, perhaps, Mrs. Melville," she said gently. "He may have changed his mind, and may have decided on returning to the Hall. He knew how much I wanted those pictures finished, and he may have been anxious to complete them." But, my dearest Julia, to return in such a manner, and to lie down in his clothes, just like some horrid intoxicated member of the working classes! O, it's really dreadful!" " That's about it, I think, mum," answered the servant, with an ill-concealed grin. " I fancy as how Mr. Wilton has took a little more than is good for him, and findinghimself queer, he come back here to sleep instead of going up to London by rail." " Intoxicated !" shrieked Mrs. Melville; " an intoxicated man has dared to enter this house! Go to Mrs. Beckson immediately, Thomas, and tell her to go to Mr. Wilton's apartment and order him to leave tbe Hall without a moment's delay. Not for an instant will I suffer an intoxicated person to pollute this house by his odious presence." " Stop, Mrs. Melville," said Julia; " we do not know that Mr. Wilton is intoxicated; and I should think irom what I have seen of his habits that such a thing is most unlikely. In any case, he must not be turned out of this house to-night. It is just possible that he may be ill. To-morrow morning will be quite soon enough for any investigation that you may wish to make; and unless I am very much l mistaken, Mr. Wilton will be able to give a satisfactory explanation of his conduct." "But, my darling Julia, I cannot really suffer an intoxicated person to—" " This is my father's house, Mrs. Melville and on this point I must bqg to have my own way." • ' Mis. Melville gave a dubious ; cough. : She felt that she was treading on dangerous ground. Julia Godwin was a spoiled child, andthe banker might be very apt to resent any offence against his darling. " Well, my sweetest Julia," murmured the widow meekly, "if you really wish'an intoxicated person to remain in the house—" " I merely wish to hear Mr. Wilton's own explanation of his conduct to-morrow morning," Julia answered quietly. " You can jgo, Thomas," she added, turning to the servant, who had lingered to see the result of this little battle between the two ladies. No more was said that night upon the subject of Lionel's return, but there was some little restraint between the two ladies all the; evening. Julia occupied herself with her book, which she affected to findintensely interesting; but Mrs. Melville could see by the subdued light of the reading-lamp that her face was very pale. " There is no doubt as to the state of her feelings," thought the widow; " the silly girl has fallen in love with this handsome adventurer. I must enlighten Mr. Godwin upon the subject the first time he comes to Wilmingdon." Early the next morning tbe two ladies were seated at breakfast in a prettily-furnished room opening into the garden. Julia was still pale and thoughtful; the window was still watchful of her charge—fearing that shemight be blamed for any foolish attachment formed by the banker's daughter, and might perhaps forfeit a most profitable and agreeable position. She tried to win Julia to talk in her usual cheerful and animated manner; but the girl was evidently preoccupied, and Mrs. Melville was obliged to abandon the attempt to sustain any conversation. They were still seated at the breakfast- table when a knock sounded on the door, which was opened the next moment to give admittance to the portly form of Mrs. Beckson, the housekeeper, who entered, curtseying with profound respect. "I am sure, ladies, I am very sorry to intrude upon you in the midst of your breakfasts, especially being the bearer of unpleasant news, as one may say, for of course illness is not pleasant, even when'relating to a stranger, thank Providence, and not a member of the family, but still a remarkably civil-spoken and genteel young man, who has no doubt seen better days, which is the case with so many of us, only it isn't our place to rebel against the ways of Providence; and I'm sure, Miss Godwin, and you too, Mrs. Melville, ma'am " Julia had risen, deathly pale, and trembling violently. She did not even make any attempt to conceal her agitation. For pity's sake, tell us what is the matter, Mrs. Beckson!" she exclaimed, interrupting the rapid flow of the housekeeper's speech. "Is Mr. Wil is any one ill?" Yes; it is Mr. Wilton, miss," answered Mrs. Beckson. "And I think I never, in the whole course of my life, see any one in such a raging fever." Mrs. Melville turned uneasily towards Julia; she expected that the girl would faint. But there was no weakness in Julia Godwin's nature; she had all a woman's tenderness, but more than a woman's courage and endurance. She resumed her seat, and betrayed no further emotion, except such anxiety as any woman might reasonably feel for a person residing beneath her father's roof. "'Have you sent for the doctor, Mrs. Beckson she asked very quietly. 0 yes, miss! I sent off immediately. William Jones, one of the stablemen, has ridden off to Hertford as fast as he can gallop; but, go as quick as he may, it must be some time before he can get back with Doctor Granger; and in the meantime I've told Thomas to get the poor young man into a nice warm bed, and to bathe his head with vinegar and water." " He is very ill, then i" said Julia. " Awful bad, miss! Since my poor cousin Caleb was took with the brain-fever that night last June twelvemonth, I never see any one half so bad—and this poor young man seems even worse than Caleb. When our Thomas went into the room this morning, he found Mr. Wilton sitting at the open window shivering just as if he'd shake to pieces, and yet in a burning fever all the time. And what's the strangest part of the whole business, he was raving about murder, and treachery, and stabbing, and euch-like, just for all the world like our Caleb." " Strange!" murmured Julia. It was strange. A kind of horror filled the girl's breast as she thought that this was the second person who had been .Stricken with sudden illness—with illness which reduced them from sanity to raving madness; and that the minds of both should dwell on the same dark and hideous subjects. " It is enough to make one superstitious," she exclaimed, -with a shudder; " it is enough to make one believe that there is really some truth in the ghastly stories the servants tell of those empty rooms in the northern wing." That morning was a sad one for Julia Godwin She wandered from room to room, trying to occupy herself, trying to distract her mind from the one subject upon which it. unceasingly brooded, but trying in vain. She could only think of the artist whom she knew as Lewis Wilton. He was illsuffering; in danger, perhaps. For the first time she discovered that this man, whom she had sought to benefit from an impulse of pure womanly compassion, had now become dearer to her than any other creature in the universe, except her father. A blush of shame dyed her face as the truth gradually revealed itself to her. To love one who had never sought her love to ]ove a stranger, whose station Was in the eyes of the world infinitely beneath her own —a stranger with whom she had become acquainted under such peculiar circumstances! What would the world say, should it ever know that Miss Godwin's charity had ended by her Ming in love with the object of her " Then, after some minutes of bitter and humiliating reflection, Julia's mind wandered back to those long afternoons in which she had wasted hours talking to the artist in the laurel-walk or beneath the solemn darkness of the spreading cedars. She remembered the low tones of his voice, the noble sentiments which had dropped, as if unconsciously spoken, from his lips. " The world might despise him because of his poverty," she thought; "but whatever his present position may be, I feel sure that he is a gentleman by birth and education." There was some comfort in this thought. There is no such torture for the heart of a proud woman as the idea that she has wasted her love upon one who is unworthy of her respect. " I am not so mean a wretch as to remember his poverty," thought Julia. " I know that he is noble-minded, generous-hearted, intellectual. What more can be needed to render him worthy of any woman's aifection V And then Julia Godwin bent her head with a modest gesture, and a tender smile illumined her countenance, as some good fairy's voice seemed to whisper gently in her ear, " Ah, Julia, and you know, too, that he loves you." Even at such a time as this J ulia Godwin could not repress the thrill of happiness that stirred her breast as the conviction that she was beloved by the young artist stole gradually upon her. But in the next moment the thought of his illness sent an icy chill through her heart. He was in danger; he might die. Men, as young and bright as he, had often been snatched suddenly away in the very morning of life. He might die, Julia threw down the book which she had been vainly trying to read, and went out through the French window on to the broad gravel walk in front of the house. Along this walk the doctor must come. Julia paced slowly up and down, waiting for his coming with extreme anxiety. Several times, almost in spite of herself, her eyes wandered upwards to the windows of the room in which she knew Lewis Wilton must belying. The Venetian shutters were closed; all was still. Mrs. Melville came out of the breaklast-room, and joined the anxious girl in her promenade up and down the gravel walk. Her presence tortured Julia, who found herself compelled to reply to all manner of commonplace observations at a time when her mind was distracted by secret anxiety. But the widow was not a person to be easily shaken off. She talked perpetually, and seemed as if she would not allow Julia to escape from her sight. At last the doctor's gig drove up to the door of the HalL Julia hurried forward to receive him. " My dear Mr. Granger," she said, " I wish you to tell me the exact truth with regard to the patient you are about to visit: for if there is any danger, I must write at once to my father." Her manner was so calm and collected that the 6uigeon was quite unable to guess the real state of her feelings. "My dear young lady, you are perfectly right," he replied; " if there is any danger, it will be better for you to write at once to Mr. Godwin. In any case you shall hear the truth directly I have seen this'young man." He entered the liouse. Julia remained without, still accompanied by Mrs. Melville An agony of suspense tortured the proud girl's heart during the interval that elapsed before the doctor returned. He was not long absent, yet the time seemed intolerably tedious. Every moment Julia ianbied she heard the surgeon's step in the hall; every moment she expected him to emeige from , the door. At last he came. He looked very grave, and Julia could see at the first glance that Mrs. Beckson had not exaggerated Lewis Wilton's illness. He is veiy ill ?" she said interrogatively. " Yes, my dear Miss Godwin; I am sorry to say the case is very serious. It seems to be rather a complicated case. There is rheumatic fever, evidently the result of exposure to cold and damp; and there seems to be some very great disorder of the brain, which must have been caused by mental excitement. I cannot imagine what has so upset the young man's mind; but the delirium is of an aggra vatedkind. I am afraid the servants must have frightened him with some of their stories about the haunted rooms in the northern wing, for his ravings all seem to relate to some story of a murder in one of the cellars under the deserted rooms." "That is very strange!" exclaimed Julia. I should have fancied Mr. Wilton was far too highly educated to be affected by any such foolish stories." " There is no accounting for this sort of thing. Superstition is not always to be controlled by education." " And you think there is danger, and that I ought to write to papa?" " I do indeed, Miss Godwin." "You will require further medical help, perhaps," said Julia. "Shall I ask papa to bring a physician from London ?" " No, Miss Godwin; I think there is no necessity for that. There is danger; but the case is not beyond the skill of an ordinary practitioner. If there should be any change in the aspect of the fever, I will ask for aid; as it is, care and watchfulness can alone help our patient." " Who is watching him now 1" "Mrs. Beckson and the servant, Thomas Morrison. He will need very careful watching ; for in those fevers in which the brain is affected there is sometimes danger of the patient doing himself some desperate injury. A man has been known to cut his throat—to jump out of a window. There is always a risk of some terrible catastrophe." Julia's face grew ashy white to the very lips. "For shame, Mr. Granger!" cried Mrs Melville indignantly; " you have quite unnerved my sweetest Julia." "Pray pardon me !" exclaimed the penitent doctor. " I should have remembered that I was talking to a sensitive young lady, and not to a brother surgeon. I hope you will forgive me, Miss Godwin." " You have no need of my forgiveness," Julia answered. " I asked you to tell me the truth, and I am very glad that you have done so. I will write to papa immediately." She had quite recovered herself by this time, and was able to speak with perfect composure. The surgeon took his leave, after promising to call again before dusk. Julia despatched a servant to the station at Hertford, with a message that was to be telegraphed to Mr. Godwin's London lodgings. The telegram was duly delivered: and at five o'clock that afternoon Rupert Godwin entered his daughter's morning-room. " Well, my dearest girl," he exclaimed, " what is all this melancholy business ? Your artistic protege seized with brain-fever, and you as much concerned about the matter as if your pet Skye terrier's valuable life was in danger. What is it, my darling?" He took his daughter in his arms and embraced her tenderly. Infamous as this man's life had been—hard, cruel, and remorseless though his nature was, he was at least sincere in his love for his beautiful daughter. And yet it was selfish affection, after all—such a love as a Sultan might feel for his favorite slave. She was a part of himself, an element of happiness in his life. Julia told her father the circumstances of the artist's departure from Wilmingdon, and his mysterious return the same evening. She told him all that had happened that day, and the opinion of the Hertford surgeon. " It is such a 6trange business altogether, papa," she said. " Mr. Granger fancies that Mr. Wilton's mind has been affected by some of the servants' stories about the northern wing. He has done nothing but rave about a murder committed in one of the cellars. Papa, papa !—what is the matter ?" Julia Godwin had ample cause for this exclamation, for the banker had started from her as suddenly as if a thunderbolt had fallen between him. What bolt from heaven could have been more appalling than the words just uttered by his daughter's innocent lips ? The father and daughter had been standing together near the ogen window. The afternoon twilight shone full on Rupert Godwin's face. Tyhen Julia looked at him, she saw that great beads of perspiration had started to his forehead. His face was livid; and convulsive trembling shook him in every limb. " Papa I" cried Julia, " for pity's sake speak to me; What is the matter ?" For some moments Rupert Godwin struggled > to speak; but his tongue clove to the roof of his mouth. I At last, with a terrible effort he spoke; but even then the words had a strange, confused sound, like those of a man only just recovering from a fit. j " It is nothing," he said, " only a physical affection. It is a kind of nervous fit that comes upon me suddenly now and then." " But, papa, it is very dreadful. You ought to consult a physician." " Pshaw, child ! I tell you it is nothing!" exclaimed the banker impatiently. " I will go upstairs and see this ailing protege of yours." There was an attempt at carelessness in the tone, but the banker's face had not lost its livid hue. He hurried from the room, and J ulia stood in the doorway looking after him, inexpressibly shocked and terrified by his manner. " Is it really a haunted house ?" she thought; " and does some dark shadow fall upon every one who enters it ?" CHAPTER XXXV. AN ALARMING DISCOVERY. Rupert Godwin's livid face was terrible to look upon, as he ascended the broad oak staircase that summer afternoon ; but by a most powerful effort of his iron will be contrived to control his countenance and assume a perfectly placid expression by the time he reached the end of the long corridor, out of which Lionel Westford's apartments opened. lie stopped for a few moments outside the door of the bedroom, with his hand upon his breast. He was trying to still the tumultuous throbbings of his heart. " This man knows my secret," he thought; " but how, how has he made the discovery ? He—a stranger, utterly uninterested in ferreting out the truth ? The fiends of hell must have meddled in the business. The doors were all locked and double-locked in the northern wing ; it is impossible, thereforequite impossible, tLat he can have penetrated to the cellar where—" Rupert Godwin did not finish the thought. He shuddered faintly, as if the end of that unspoken sentence were too hideous to be endured, even by his stony nature. " He cannot kuow," thought the banker " It must be some old story, which happens by a strange chance to be like the ghastly truth." His countenance was quite composed by this time. For many years, for the larger half of this man's lifetime, his face had been seldom other than a mask, beneath which he concealed his real feelings. He entered the sick-chamber. Thomas Morrison, the footman, was sitting near the window reading a newspaper; Mrs. Beckson was dozing in a comfortable arm-chair. The sick man was lying on a bed exactly opposite Rupert Godwin, as he entered the room. Never before had the banker, to his know ledge, seen his daughter's protege. Yet that white face lying on the pillow seemed strangely familiar to him. He tried in vain to think when and where he had seen a look which was now recalled to him by the expression of those pallid features. There was something very ghastly in the young man's appearance, for his head was bound with damp linen cloths, which entirely concealed his hair. Every now and then that weary head rolled restlessly round upon the pillow, and the pale parched lips muttered some indistinct words. Mrs. Beckson rose and curtsied respectfully to her employer. She offered him the easychair, from which she had risen, and the banker seated himself by the side of the bed. " Is your patient still delirious ?" he asked anxiously. " 0 yes, sir; just as bad as ever, as far as that goes; but more quiet like. His raving and going on was quite dreadful a few hours ago, but he's worn himself out at last, poor dear young gentleman, and now he's been lying there for an hour and more, just as you see, rolling his poor head about and muttering to himself." " What is it that he says in his delirium ?" asked the banker. His face was almost as fixed as a mask carved out of granite while he waited for an answer to his question. " Always the same thing—always the same thing, sir," said the housekeeper. " Something about a murder, and blood stains in the cellars under the "northern wing." " Have the servants been telling him any foolish ghost-story ?" ' O no, sir; that's next to impossible; for there is no story of a murder, nor anything whatever, connected with the cellars. They do say the northern wing is haunted; but the story they tell is only about the ghost of a young lady who died of a broken heart, on account of her lover being killed in the civil wars of the northern wing every New Year's Eve at twelve o'clock precisely." " Humph !" muttered the banker; " there is no accounting for the queer ideas that get into the brain of a delirious man. I suppose this young man has been reading a novel, and has mixed up the story with his knowledge of this house. He'll have some other fancy to-morrow, I daresay. You can leave him for the present, Mrs. Beckson; and you too, Morrison. I heard the bell ringing for tea in the servants' hall just as I came upstairs. I'll keep watch over your invalid." " You're very kind, sir; but I'm afraid you'll find it dreadfully wearing to hear him going on, always the same thing over and over again." Lionel Westford turned his head upon the pillow, and looked full at the banker, with bloodshot and dilated eyes. " Rupert Godwin !" he said, in low, distinct tones,--"Rupert Godwin—the murderer of—" He paused for a moment, and then, with a long moan ot anguish, he cried : " Oh, it is too hideous—too horrible! I cannot believe it!" " Now, isn't it dreadful to hear him, sir ?" exclaimed the housekeeper. " He's been going on in that foolish way for the last hour, mixing up your name with his mad fancies." " There is nothing strange in that," answered the banker coolly. " Delirious people always have these absurd fancies. This is not the first case of fever that I have seen." " And it isn't the first that I've seen either," returned Mrs. Beckson. " There was my cousin, Caleb Wildred, who was taken ill last year—last June twelvemonth; just after that strange gentleman came to the Hall: the night that Mr. Danielson was with you, as you may remember, sir. Caleb was just for all the world like this young gentleman; and what's the strangest part of the business is, that Caleb said exactly the same things. His talk was all about the murder, and a body thrown down the steps of one of the cellars in the northern wing." Once more, as in the drawing-room half an hour before, the banker was taken completely off his guard ; once again that iron nature was shaken ; the big drops of perspiration started to the livid brow; the strong limbs were seized with a sudden trembling. "Caleb said that;" he gasped. "Caleb Wildred?" " Yes, sir; he was always telling the same story; his talk was exactly like the gentleman's talk—the same words, as far as I can remember." " Where is he ?" cried Rupert Godwin. " Speak, woman!—where is he ?" He rose as if he would have rushed to find the old gardener that very moment; but in the next instant he recovered himself, and sat down again quietly by the side of the sickbed. " Bah !" he exclaimed; " I was almost beginning to think that there must be some meaning in these mad ravings, and that some dark deed has really been committed beneath my roof. But it is all nonsense. These two men must have heard the same story—some lying tradition of the past, no doubt. You may go, Mrs. Beckson ; I will remain with the invalid for half an hour, while you take your tea." The man-servant had already departed. Mrs. Beckson curtsied, and retired; but there was a puzzled expression on her honest countenance. She was surprised and bewildered by the banker's unusual conduct. For some time after the housekeeper's departure Rupert Godwin sat quite motionless, watching the pallid face of the sick man, and listening to those muttered words which were every now and then repeated in the same accents: " Rupert Godwin—the murderer—bloodstains on the stairs—blood in the cellar—cruel —treacherous!" Always the same words—the same broken sentences—again and again, again and again. The bloodshot eyes gazed at vacancy; but there was a fixed look of horror in them, as if the eyeballs had been struck with sudden rigidity while beholding some hideous sight. At last the banker rose from beside his bed, where he had seemed fixed as if by some unholy spell. Lionel Westford's clothes lay on a chair near the bed, and on the dressing-table were scattered a handkerchief, a bunch of keys, some letters and papers which had been taken from his pockets. The banker went over to the dressing-table, and examined the different objects lying there. His hand struck against a hard substance lying under a cambric handkerchief. He removed the handkerchief, and saw a gold locket attached to a chain of soft auburn hair. He opened the locket, and a frank manly face looked out at him with a confiding smile. It was the face of the brave, generoushearted sea-captain, Harley Westford. It was the £ace of the man whom Rupert Godwin had stabbed on the threshold of the •cellar-steps. , V CHAPTER XXXVI. ' DISCOMFITED. For some minutes Eupert Godwin stood "With the open miniature in his hand, gazing at the face of hie victim. , T At first a kind of stupor seemed to obscure his senses, and he could only stand motionless, staring blankly at that frank handsome countenance. His senses were confused by the suddenness of the shock. It was some time before he could reason calmly about what had happened. How had Harley Westford's miniature come to be lying there ? How had the sea-captain's likeness Mien into the possession of Julia Godwin's protege ? For some little time he stood with the picture still in his hand, wondering at the extraordinary chance which had brought it there. Then he set to work to examine the letters and papers, in the hope that tliey might give him some clue to the mystery. The first letter which he took up revealed the entire truth. It had been lying seal upwards, or Rupert Godwin could scarcely have failed to recognize the handwriting. It was the letter addressed to Lionel at the Post- office, Hertford, under the initials only. It was the letter which Clara "Westford had written to her son, telling him of her meeting with Gilbert Thornleigh, and setting him upon the track of his missing father. Rupert Godwin sank into the nearest chair, that terrible letter clenched tightly in his hand. " They are on my track," he muttered in a thick voice, for the muscles of his throat seemed paralyzed by agitation ; " they are on my track. How ain I to avoid them ?" He looked towards the bed. Never, perhaps, had a darker or more threatening face glowered above a helpless and unconscious invalid. " Only by wading deeper in crime." he said, this time with slow deliberate accents; " only by wading deeper." He thrust the letter into his breast pocket, and then sat brooding, with his face hidden in his hands. When he at last uncovered it, there was a strange look of determination in that ashen face. He walked to the side of the bed, and stood for some moments looking down at the sick man. " His son ?" he muttered; " his son! That was the likeness which sent a chill through my breast. But it is all a mystery still. How did he discover the secret of the cellar ? Did he come here on purpose to find out the truth ? No, that can scarcely be; for liis mother's letter is dated only two days back, and when she wrote that letter her suspicions were only just aroused. Ho matter; I dare not bewilder my brain by trying to solve these questions. I must act; they are on my track, and action alone can save me. Shall I fly 1 No, not while there is one inch of safe ground to fight for, amidst an ocean of peril. Flight is the first resource of the coward ; it is the last hope of the bold criminal. This young man knows my secret, somehow or other. What matters how, since he does know it i He and Caleb "Wildred have discovered the truth; bat as yet they have not denounced me, except in the ravings of delirium. Their tongues must be stopped." The housekeeper returned while Mr. Godwin was absorbed in these meditations. " You can resume your seat by the side of your patient, Mrs. Beckson," he said; " there has been no change. I shall remain at the Hall until this young man is out of danger; and I shall look into his room now and then, to see how he is going on. You need never be surprised by my coming. I am a light sleeper, and I daresay I shall look in once or twice in the course of the night." "I'm sure it's very kind of you, sir, to take such an interest in the poor young gentleman." «I think it's only natural that I should feel an interest in a sick man; common humanity demands as much," answered the banker coolly. "By the bye, you will be watching for a very long time. I hope you are wakeful ?" " O yes, sir, pretty wakeful." " You take something to keep you awake, I hope?" • "Well,sir, thank you, I've fust taken a cup of strong tea, and I may take another in the course of the evening." "Tea is not the thing. You should try coffee." ** Is coffee better than tea, sir ?" « Infinitely better. Til send you a strong cttp' of coffee by-and-by. I always take coffee after dinner." " To be sure, sir. Well, I "will take a cup, if you'll be so veiy kind as to send it." The banker went .to his room, changed his drots, which was dusty with, travelling, and bathed his head and face m cold water. ^Phen lie descejided to the dining-room, where Ip found Julia waiting for him. He dined with his daughter and her duenna- Julia was two entirely preoccupied by her own emotion to perceive the silence of her father; it seemed only natural to her that an air of gloom should pervade everything, while the man she loved lay suffering upstairs. But Mrs. Melville remarked the banker's abstracted manner, and wondered at it; she thought that he had perhaps discovered the secret of his daughter's affection for a penniless stranger. (2*o be continued.) 