THE REVISED VERSION OF THE NEW TESTAMENT. Yesterday wo gave an account of the proceedings of tho Rovision Company, and tho rules under which tho otnemeU- tions and corrections in tho tost of tho authorised version of tho Now Tostament had boon carried. Wo now proposo, founding our rotuarks upon tho Rov G. Yanco Smith's criticism, to discuss somo of tho now' readings which for tho future will displnco tho well-known texts learned by all who liavo froquontod Sunday schools. Mr Smith points out that although tho Rovision Company was directed to make as fow alterations as possiblo, tho contrary oourso has ap parently been taken, and that in num bers of instancos tho ofTuct has boon to weaken tho text and to ovorcliargo tho languago with unnecessary verbiage. One of tho worst instancos of this kind is in Matthew viii., IS, and parallel places, ' Thero shall bo tho weeping and gnash ing of teoth.' In referonco to this tho Rov G. Yanco Smith remarks: — Tee woeder Is that, with the strange z»al for literalisms which appears' to bars Anlmatid the rerlsers, they bars not bItco as hero nil the trtlclrs, ' tbj weeping oni the Rnr-.hlaj: o( the troth.' Tills wnniii have bien tso much; bnt the rendering lollowed Is slmoit ss an- justitinblo. Probably it war ndcpisd bocauss el the rehrseos to the end o( the world or age, which corns think may bo rs< Itrrid to In a previous vtrsc (r, 11), Grading tblr, still how la this shown by keeping tfas crtlcle before 1 weeping' ? In tmth, Ibe addition only -weakens the purest.. ' Weeping and gnaeblng ol teeth' la a terse and ictomatlo expreaalon, about the parp irt of which there aan bo no rairt.-kr, woetber It be roftrred to theceoond ormiog of Christ and the last tblngs, or whether it stand alone, withent ar.y mob reference, 1 Tbero shall be the weeping' le poor -tid feeble In oamptrlaon, There le, as ol's.rved before, too much ol this lltcrsl accuracy, t lading not to strength bnt to weakness, ar.d, In too many oeses, Impairing tho leltblulncee of tbo E ntllsb, rrgerded na tbo rsprceentatlre of the Greek, Jl- tt. r 11, G la u bad osse ol tola kind : 'N.-ltbrr east ycur p:n:l> before tbe eirloe,' Arc we to Enppesa that tbe nrltir had some dshnlte icimale In view, and was speaking, tin r fere, ol tbem ? Or In is not tbat In this preoopt be almply gonaibl'acs hy means o! I Us article, and so renders hi; pr-CEpi lu n sccss uufverstl In Its spirit 2 The critic takes oxooplion to tho use of such oxpressions as 'for to' bofore tho infinitive as being a simple vulgarism, and to the form 'to us- ward' nsboing clumsy. Again he says, with great truth, that such forms as 'Then fell she down straightway;' ' Neither wont I 'up to Jerusalem,' 'Thon departed Barnabas for to seek Paul,' are in accordance with a woll-known Gorman idiom, but hardly with good English usage in our day ; nor are they pleasant readings. Complaint is made of tho omission of the revisers to give marginal notes indicating where im portant portions of the authorised version have been quietly dropped out. For ox- amplo, in I John, v. 7, tho spurious words, 'llio Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost, and these threo are ono,' are struck out, but no notice of it is given to the reader. Several instancos of mis translation are given, ono of which the critic deals with thus : — Parsing on to tbs ntxt prgo ws oome to tb ' rfudirlog of Mat', II. 1, ' Bibold who men from the past onmo fci J-rrui»l»m' So in 11. 7\. In fcbla.case tbs reviaais havo preferred tbo ftltersntlve expressed by tfas worts 'nefowa possible' to that of 1 fitlfihfulafsj' (Raid 1) Tbe original here doea not mean 1 wiaj mia'at all! It Is tbo word msgfllintgi ot magiane, as the margin Infcrms u. But why not ptooi a word of snob dhtlocfc historical impori nud interest la tbe text? \Ya» it not ooe of tio ratio objtcts of tho teviishn to make corriotlor s of this kind ? The Attgfoas were & baq'a4 crlar among tho Persia) and other acolent O .lentil peoplis Taiy vara yr!est«, soothsay ra, nod inter pnt ra ot ditamp, and to have tbolr op piovsl cr reoog&etiou; was impirtant to the obar&ctev; or tucoesa ot any undrrutclog. Si three erect pitsonngas oorno seeking t:e child Jesus,' aud desire to worship him,1 tho grcfcteit aot of homage that tbey oould oHet him, To designate r.ucU man as merely 1 wtab' U to rob them of all their dUttaottao vslue, They were MagUna' whoso testimony to tie new-bom Christ wcu'd, io tbo cBllmatlon of all beht 15:ib, oncd 6»tall:sh bis M'sstanlo obfract.T, Tbie is no doubt whkt tho ev&Dgrdht; Ir.tande us to an- deritand la Ictrodaolog so par I- onlirly and ooref&Uy; tbo (aot of thslr vhlt t » Bathelem, Bat cur revisits have strangil/ loft ail tbta out of sight, F r some reus >o, beat known to thvasrivca, chsy have rabtioa out tho bistrlo coloring o! tho p-vtaugo, by pot'lng tbo riht word la tbe margin, whore It will not be read, rmJ fjo wroug one la the text, wbrre It will. Perhaps it will be thougl t that thU may have berndono oat of aooBidoratioa for igno rant renders who would only havabeon pnzzled by so tttouzo a «veH «v» ;\t«<au9, Bat toe ndrofssloD of & now word would havo bad an chylous advattage, It would have glva cooaelcn to euch readers to Inquire whet It men&f;, and so probably to extend tfcsir knowledge, At »ny rate, It would focm t) bo oo retsjnab'o to sabititu'o tbe tight word hr tbs won? one beto as to have changed tbe old familiar 'de puty' In aevtr-1 on.es Icto 'prooQDRul,' Acts xvllJ.lS, &3, It may ba noted, too, that In Acts xlJl. G, 8, t'oe word mngoa la reodercd after tbe Autbcrlsed by 'flcrorsr bo that tbe brrcnonlsing spirit, which ban led to Important ohnogea lu aevtrl iaatanccs, baa ber- bssn ofl its guard, end n word of comp»?ntlv ly vauo aud oolitiEss oharAOter has beu allind to represeit cue that Is very defisit? aod dfg- ticotlve, oa auah so, pcibaps, aa tbe w:rds ,publloso, cr 'pharlsee,' The following passage will bo road with interest, both on account of its historical value and because it leans in the direction of the views of such clergymen as Dr Bromby and others, who dolino f hell ' to be quite a different sort of place from what it is usually described. Ancther ptD«B70 i o the same neighborhood o- lis tor a fsw icm&rk; — rcs&a; ks agalo not of spprovM hut ui disBpprovsl ruU pioUet Mitt, v. 22, ' tbkli bo to danger uf the htll o' fire'— and so la two otbtr laitacce, lathe Authds d Vtrcloc, ' hell' la the rpndotinL' of two dlif-jrent wcrd. G:brnca nud Hr.dca, Tb latter of ehrso la t j bo no longer eo expromed, Bln'rop'.rnaan,, Ithloltby tlorsvicir- uunnrahted i tnd oo tho rovlef.d text will he enilcfccd by n n«w word — new at tevtrt to tte Bcghch Bible — tbs word Hndcpf wbioh will be f and ti oo- our eleven times, Th:s treatmsut of tho word, In ae mcoh aa It is ft proper name, la corieot ; but then Gehenna la a prapor ntma nls, Why, therefore, baa aot this b?en ra- talced, hot veogkr jd by tho ugly wcrd « bell' ? And 'utll of flfre' rosmt eapeolalJy objection" aki«, f- r two reasons : Best, only one kind of bell Is known to tbo Nw Tsatnmeat; wbllo this pbiaso suggests othsr bells of a difforoat nattir?, thus todlrfcfly and quite neodlesaly Impuitlcg Into the Oorlatlaa books the oon- Qoptlou ot certain Pagan mythologies, as to bolls ot a variety of kinds;— jeaondiy thi ad Jed words ' of fir-.' (or 'of t bra'), tra thsy more thau a Blmple Habr«lem ? If not, tbe maaalag of the cxpretfilon 'Gobonna of firs, Ms most crobably ' tbe bnrcloB Gehenna/ and no mcrt, Tner'tdcrmsy boo n similar form In Luke xvflh 6, ' judge of uiulghtoouaaeiF/ proporly Eoeliiberi by 'uurlghteoua judge/ Tho probability ot tals later pretattoa arises, from tbo n&loca; ot the c»Bg, Grbonna was tho r-amfi of a valley nsr Jecutalem. The word bp its Htbtew etymology m:ns vnlh'y of Hlr.com/ an ancient name found lu tbs Old Testament (2 Kings xxiil, 10, 2 C iroo, xxvilf, 3). In foimer times It had beau the pceoo ol Idolatrous ritea and of barnan sacri fices to tbo god Moloch, llanos to the lator Jiws it was o plnoo of abomination, and to ui&rk; its ohat.'icti r it waa defiled by tho various rtlUFO of tho city thero tfirowu aud kept hura< lug that It might bo continued. A verlt.iblo place of firo, doirrvlng ot ft t uamnaud reputa tion ! where amidst oorruutlag uiattois worms too mlgbt live, until tho 11 consuming tlimenl swallowed tbfiw np. Thus there was hero Uti rally an tige-endtulog fire, nil 'utiqufinoh- able firo'— a place ' wneto their worm dkth r.i-.t and tbe tire is not qnencbsd (Murk Ix. 13 4S.) It Is eary to nndorataad that, Grbouna being buoU a plaoo as Ihla, It would noooiuo the rspreesrtstlvr, in popular apccob, of thy place of pmdabraoat rveerved fir the wlokid and the uubollcvlnj, who Wore duotuod tu dss- truollcn nt tho hitAl judgment ou the a iming of the Meselab. The ungodly should be cist Into the burning Gbouna aud oonsnuid ; it does not appear that they were to be kept alive, burning for over, thla bain? a later addi tion to the anolsnt couorptlon. Tbo ideas »r- ajclated with tbo md!;cval bell— suoh as may be seen paluted on ibe wall of tbe Gampn Seuto at Pist— jre uchnowu to tbe Gospel, aud have only boon nddid to tbe origlml tikino In its modora form bjrJthe lively Imaglautlona ot apeaubttve rhcologlone, Io ctht r word', the rftpneflnin tiou of 1 Geheboa' by'b≪'«(s olenrly uujuitl- fiable, btcuug© Ihla terrible word now ruggeits ideas of hcrrar and inhery woloh have no foucdaliou lu New Testament usage, when duo regrrd In paid to tbo origin and hhtory ol tbe word Gehenna, It might bnveboeucx- poctrd that a b"dy of tovisora suoh as tbe Weolmlubter Cjuip.\oy would have boen able to raise themselves above the uspuli? ccnosptloDB of cur day, and would have glvenusarfudirlogcf tbow:rde in qusrthn wbieh was falr'y basod not upou tho long descended notions of tbe dnrkoit ages of mediaeval suprratltlcn, but upon the ju't hfs-crio»l oonsldrr tllons whloh are applioahl-j totbefcubjeoN Those who cxpeoted so muoh A3 tbla, it f< o pHy fcj tbiok, will be dhappolu- tsd; and eo It ii reserved fur a future rrvietun, 1? ever &uob; a thiug sbtll come to pssr, to do justice to words and thoughts v/hich, ia oon nectloc with this aubjret, have b.'en eo lung ruier.- presented— -lo the sore discredit, oitu maoy thoughtful mlns, of tbs Cisrhtlan G'.vpel, Wo Imvenotspnco for further commont, but wo feel sure that if tho great English divines can convince Christians that thero is no such establishment in tho futuro world as ( hell/ or that its horrors havo been unduly oxaggoratod, and that after all thoro may bo a refrigerating compart ment for tho comfort of those who may be cast there, thoy will console many anxious minds and banish much serious foreboding. 