DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. (From our own Correspondent.) HOLY WEEK IN ST. KILIAN's PRO- CATHEDRAL. The sacred ceremonies of Holy Week were carricd out in the pro-Cathedral with all the solemn grandeur of the magnificent ritual of Rome. On Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday evenings the Office of Tenebras was chanted by his Lordship, assisted by the priests of the diocese. The Bermon on Wednesday evening was preached by Father Kennedy, who delivered a very powerful discourse upon the sufferings and death of Our Blessed Redeemer. On Holy Thursday, Pontifical High Mass began at eight o'clock, at which the oils were consecrated by the Bishop, assisted by fourteen priests. At the conclusion of the Mass, the procession to the Altar of Repose moved in the following order :—The acolytes at either side of the sub-deacon, who carried the CrosB, the clergy, two and two, the sacred ministers, the Bishop, bearing the Most Adorable Sacrament under a chaste canopy ; the Pange lingua was sung by the choir during the procession. The Altar of the Blessed Sacrament was exquisitely arranged by the Sisters of Mercy. Much taste was noticeable in their selection of shades, and a very rich profusion of tapestry, flowers and lights. A beautiful antependium for the High Altar was also the handiwork of the Sisters of Mercy. The Moat Holy Sacrament remained all day for the adoration of the people who came to the church until evening. In the evening, Father Davy, of Benalla, delivered an eloquent sermon on the Institution and Real Presence of the Blessed Eucharist The rev. preacher handled his sacred subject in a very able manner for thirty minutes. The Mass of the Pre-sanctified was celebrated on Good Friday at eight o'olock. ,, „ The Pernio was sung by the Kev. Father Davy (representing our Blessed Lord), Rev. Father M'Gillicuddy (the crowd), Rev. Father O'Callaghan (the Evangelist.) The Bishop occupied the throne. The sermon on the Passion was preached in the evening by Father Henneberys=»fa>Tr«hoBe~<or his text— " And, bowing his head, he gave up the •ghost (St. John xix., 30). Father Hennebery preaohed for about an hour. In the course of his eloquent and moving sermon he depicted the humiliations of the Son of God, Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Chrkt, In His dying on the Cross for our salvation, The different stages of the Passion were pictured in all their dread reality. Jesus fell beneath the Cross—why? Because our sins were too heavy for Him to •bear; What was then the datyof alir •It wasto give up Bin and to love the •BaeredHeart of Jesus. . ',-"-'• J ' St. EalianVhas been crowded atevery service, during the week, but on Clood Friday evening the'sacred bmldingwasliteraUjpraminedfroi»>aU toyrall. Li fact,» was the largestcopgregation seen Lilian's, demonstrating in an "unmistakable manner that the stern necessity exists for a new church capable of seating some three or four thousand persons. •It is to be "hoped that, when our good Bishop begins this most desirable wont, his Lordship will be seconded nobly and generously by his attached people. . $he ceremonies of Holy Saturday began at seven o'clock. After the singing of the Prophecies, the blessing of.,thp Water, and the Litany of the Saints, Solemn High Mass was celebrated by the Bev. Dr. Reville, O.8.A. EASTER SUNDAY. 1 ; Easter Sunday was celebrated in the pro-Cathedral with much solemnity. As many as one thousand persons received Holy Communion on that day. The first Mass was celebrated by his Lordship, the second by Father Hennebery, and the third, a mi$sa cantata, by Dr. Backhaus. At each there were thronged congregations. The choir was present to its full strength. The Mass chosen was Haydn's No. 2. The soprano parts were ably taken by Mrs. Tamlyn ; Miss White, alto; Mr. Roberts, tenor ; and Mr. Macoboy, bass. The offertory piece, " Vidimte Paschali" (the composition of Dr. Backhaus), was done full justice to by Mr. and Mrs. Tamlyn. The solo, " Qui Tollis," was sung by Mr. Macoboy (bass) with much richness and volume. Mrs. Tamlyn presided at the organ in her usual masterly manner. In the evening Pontifical Vespers were sung by his Lordship, who bestowed the Papal Benediction on a crowded congregation. g , h i A GOOD SUGGESTION. A very good suggestion I heard the other day from Mr. Geo. Galway, a gentleman who takes a deep interest in the circulation of the Advocate, viz., that the manager of the journal get Father Hennebery's able address on the "Press," and also the remarks of the Sovereign Pontiffs on the same question, printed, and have them circulated through the colony. I think, the idea is wise and practicable. PROFANE. I cannot refrain from saying a word or two touching the irreligious manner in which the Wesleyans, Congregationalists, etc., conduct themselves, as bodies, on Good Friday. As this solemn day for Christians comes round, these people must have their inevitable picnics and other amusements. Now, in the name of common sense, is not this rather the way in which pagans, not Christians, should behave on a day like this, when such awful mysteries of religion are commemorated ? Most assuredly, yes. As I happened to pass through the street as cart-loads of children, with bands of music, and shouting, as children will on such occasions do, passed by, I thought they resembled, in a lively manner, the mob who clamoured for the blood of the adorable Son of God, Jesus Christ! Certainly, by such practices, proof is given that the faith of these people in the divinity of Our Lord is wofully weak and flickering. The production of the "Creation" on the same night in the theatre was a financial failure, so it is to he hoped we shall have no more theatres open in Sandhurst on Good Friday night. The Church of England, however, celebrates this day in a Christian spirit. 