Florence Treyor ; OR, DAYS OF YO REI A Romance pf the Southern Seas. , Boundless Incidents cf Mystery and Thrilling Excitement i CHAPTER I, BISE Oí THE CORTAIS, i 'Gracions goodness, what arness?' said: the girl. < And you, sir,' she added, ' of all, the gentlemen in the world to upset your ? glass 1 Asleep, no doubt. Well, it is very ' hot, so one need not be BO much Surprised. I must go and fetch things to sweep and1 wipe it np. ' ' Beg pardoo, sir,' said the girl, as she was performing that operation,-5 beg pardon, sir, but hare you seen Afr. Selwyn within 'the last quarter of an hour or so ?' ' What of Mn Selwyn, Susan ?* ' Well, sir, I think you ought to See him, if you have not. I don't believe anyone saw him come in by the baok door but me, and he lopked like a ghost.' I met'-him again as he was creeping np-stairs to his bed-room. 1 Susan,' says he, shaking, ' bring me a pint of brandy. I feel ill.'-* Shall I speak to Doctor Conway ?' says I. ' He is in the coffee-room.' 4 ¡No, no ; bring me the brandy,' says he again. Which I did, of course, and he took it in by just -opening his door wide enough to put his hand out. He shut it directly, and I heard him lock it.' Don't you think you had better see him, sir ? He is such a real gentleman, and I am sure he's very ill.' ' He does not wish, you say, to see me ; and I must not intrude myself upon him.' Mr. Conway ordered another glass of brandy and water, and lit a fresh cigar. Bnt those usually potent ministrants to a mind disturbed had lost their efficacy. Presently, to his great satisfaction, Mr. Spence came in alone. The surgeon related what had passed, and at once a like current of thought to that flowing through Mr. Conway's brain sprung up in Mr. Spence's mind. Mr. Spence had not diminished the surgeon's fears by sharing them. A doleful hour had passed away ; Mr. Spence was remarking, in a low tono, for the twentieth time, that he would not believe a gentleman like Mr. Selwyn, so gentle, courteous, possessed of such power to win the respect and good will of every onethatcame within his influence, had committed a crime which probably existed only in their own imaginations, when Captain Morton put in an appearance. He appeared to be in exuberant spirits, rang the bell, gave his orders, and then pulling out his watch, said, ' I wonder which is right, my watch or the coffee-room clock. The clock says five minutes to ten ; mine, ten exaotly. What say your watches, gentlemen ?' The reply from both was that the clock was right -it wanted five minutes and a half to ten. ' Thank you, gentlemen,' said Morton. ' I will set my ticker right ;' and he proceeded to do so. Captain Morton smoked and drank in silence for some time, though- the bright flashings of his eyes, and the introspective smile, so to speak, which played about his mouth, showed that his silence was neither sullen or taciturn. Presently he said, ' By the bye, Mr. Conway, have you seen my friend Roberts ? he-promised te meet me here this evening.' Mr. Conway said he had not seen Mr. Roberts on that or the previous day. ' Very odd I He is usually so punctual.' A few minutes afterwards, a Mr. Wilson, dressed in much the same first-class merchant seaman fashion as Captain Morton, entered, took a seat, rang the bell, and ordered spirits and water. Not the faintest sign or word of recognition passed between him and Cap tain Morton. ' Very strange that,' thought the surgeon. ' I hare seen them in familiar conversation with each other a dozen times at least.' Mr. Spence left, motioning Mr. Conway to follow him. .' Don't you think it rather strenge,' said Mr. Spence, as soon as they were outside the hotel, ' that Captain Morton should have so particularly called our attention to the time ?' ' That alone might not have struck me, but coupled with his non-recognition, by word or look, of Wilson, who came in soon after him, and with whom I can swear I bave seen him many times in familiar, and it seemed rollicking companionship-all this does give rise to queer conjectures. Well, time proves most things. Good night. Call carly to morrow morning, if you can without incon venience. lt would be well that we see Mr. Selwyn together. Wo could afterwards com pare notes. Good night o^ain.' Mr. Suenco did call carly the next morning, and found landlord, landlady, servents, and his friend the surgeon, in a Btate of bewilder ment. Mr. Selwyn had disappeared during tho night, and the door being so peculiarly fas tened that he could not let himself out in thc regular way, ho had torn and cut a sheet into strip», which ho had securely lied together, and by that moans descended into the back yard-egress from which was easily enough. ' Has he paid his bill?' asked Mr. Spence. ' Yes. There is no question of indebted ness in the matter. He has left on his dressing table considerably more than he could have supposed he owed, enclosed in a blank letter, addressed to thc landloid. This way, friend iSpence,' added Mr. Conway ; ' 1 have something for your private ear.' ' Listen, Mr. Speuce,' said the surgeon, as soon as they had gained tne privacy of an untenanted sitting-room. ' When Mr. Sel wyn came here, Bhont three weeks since, his whole luggage consisted of one carpet-ba^. lio had been compelled, it is believed, tu make a harried flight from London, He had but one snit of clothes-that on hie back ; and (be overcoat which he left in the coffee room.' ' That accounts for his anxiety to obtain possession of it,' said Mr. Spence. ' It would conceal the loss of ona of his coat tails J Good Heaven I what are we te think ?' . I cannot think at all. My mind is a chaos. Mr. Selwyn had ordered a consider able quantity of clothes, and the..tailor brought them here about half an boor since. Mr, Selwyn left more than enough to pay him,also. One's thoughts darken, terribly,' added the surgeon, 'whichever way we look at this strango affair. Shall we adjourn to the coffee-room ? I have not yet break fasted.' , . Nor I. M least, I have taken nothing «to speak of. We will order for two as we pass the bar.' . It is a true saying that the misfortunes and troubles of friends are borne with much pa tient equanimity. ' Both the surgeon and Mr. Spence were un questionably much concerned and alarmed for Mr. Selwyn; but they, nevertheless, made a hearty, breakfast. It was just cleared away, when Captain Morton entered the coffee-room, looking cheer ful, buoyant as ever. ' Good morning, gentlemen. Whet a fuss the people are making here about the disap pearance during the night of Mr. Selwyn, alias heaven knows what I he has most likely obtained money in the island nuder false pretence-fri m his friend Mr. Herbert, probably ; and detection of. the fraud had suddenly become imminent. That as how I reckon the matter up. Do . they allow smok ing here in a morning, I wonder.?' added the 0 tireless, easy-going seaman. . ? ? 1 I believe so, if no one is breakfasting, lunching, or dining. I cannot believe with yon that Mi. Selwyn has fled from a creditor ; at all events, not from an Isle of Wight «editor,' added the surgeon. ' Perhaps not. I neither know nor care. 1 only wish he had decamped before he, by some legerdemain or other, tricked me and Roberts out of nearly three thousand pounds. By the bye, have yon seen Roberts ? No ? Where can the man have got to 1 He had net slept at his lodgings. Never mind ; he'll turu up somewhere, I dare say. The demon usually takes care of his own 1' So saying, light-hearted Captain Morton sauntered to the window, humming a lively air. ' That man,' Baid Mr. Spence, ' has nothing on his mind.' ' Humph I I don't know,' replied the sur geon, in the same low tone. ' It strikes me to be acting-clever acting, too, but some what overdone. Certainly I am prejudiced ; that I admit.' Four days after the disappearance of Mr. Selwyn, the body of Roberts was found in a fissure of a cliff, not far from Black Gang Chine, on the back of the Wight. It had been evidently several days in the sea, which, daring a strong gale from the southward, had cast it ashere. The face was so eaten by fishes that the features could not be recognised, but the clothes and watch left no doubt as to its iden tity. Roberts had fallen or been cast over the cliff-there could be no doubt of that. But whether or not near the spot where the body was found could not be said, the currents at the back of the Wight setting east and west with great force. 