fntmolanial ? OUR VICTORIAN LETTER. [From oar own Correspondent, j Melbourne. August f?«1. ' Call no man happy until he ia daad.'' Sir Brjan O'Loghlen, however, whether happy or not, is at present basking in tha eun of such, prosperity as is commonly sup posed to confer happiues?. IIith°rto, whatever small personal or internal diffi culties have come in his path, he has to all outside seemmg naa everymin^ nia owa way. Successful in ousting: those wbs . contemned acd Jbated htm ; sent for by His Excellency; returned by his constituency in tne face of an organised acd virulent, opposition ; carrying every colleague ia o office with him, excepting the one whoso presence would have been a national offence, and a standing cause of war ; clearing one by one the somewhat formidable obstacles that besei his en trance to power ; applauded for hia success, apart altogether from the ques tion of bis merits; and double-banked within the entrenchments of office by tha friendships of those who support him, ani by the antagonistic jealousies of tha only two parties in the House — neither of which is directly represented in the Government; lie must feel that, whatever the measure of his achievement, his greatness has in no email part been thruet upon him, and that he is an exceptionally lucky personage. Tho Ministry are, to all intents and purposes, * scratch team, and some of them mar ba Eaid to be muffs. The Premier's political experience is not very extensive, and during the brief period that he held the chief position in the Cabinet, while Mr. Barry Was away on the notorious Embassy, he did some things which were so exquisitely simple that they were in the highest degree racy of the soil from which he sprung. Mr. Grant, the Minister of Education, and tha veteran pre-eminently of the lot, is, well — not exactly a disciple of that estimable and zealous propagandist Mr. Mathew Burnett. That is his weakness, and it 13 the mora emphatically to be noted, because other wife he is understood to be an honeat, amiable, and estimable man. The hon. Dr. L. L. Smith is, svi generis, ' Hone but himself can be his parallel.'' ' He, his capacious shirt-front, and his hoy denish, loose-hung, and strident voice ara the same ; they beloDg to the one indivi Eible entity, and that entity is ' tha doctor.' He is quite a wonderful person in his way — a man with a history. It ia said that Haydon, who might have become very celebrated as a painter, committed suicide in his early manhood out of sheer desperation at the spectacle of a brainless monstrosity like General Tom Thumb making his thousands sterling in a week, while he, the painter and genius, had to toil in comparative obscurity and poverty at his glorious work. If every supe rior genius in Victoria who has felt himself by comparison cheated and wronged by the facility with which the doctor has both earned money and spent it, had committed suicide in dis gust, there would have been an enormous number of suicides indeed. His more fa.3-1 tidions brethren in the profession call him a charlatan, hut the doctor says that is be cause he has the courage to advertise and the luck to make money, by which heleavea them in the lurch. Having a pachyderma tous skin he not only wins, but laughs also, in epite of the covert attempts which ara made from time to time to send him to Coventry. He is active, plucky, ambitious, unscrupulous, and for some purposes free with hifi money. If he is ever to be of any use to his collengues it will be only by beicg useful ; to he ornamental is entirely out of his power. I should thiuk thera never were so many colts in any Ministry formed within the memory of man. Graves, lioiton, Young, Burrowes, Madden, and Li. L. Smith are all Ministers for the first time. The debating power amongst them is very ftjeble. Dt. L. L. Smith has a vide tnoaUi which he opens to the utmost of its generous capacity, but [were sound does not carry conviction, excepting on the stump, and hardly there in these days. Sir Bryan O'Lcghlen makes bulls every now and again ; Mr. Grant talk* good sense, and to to open his mouth. If he and the doctor could 'but be compounded, and the two re made out of tbe compound with discrimi nation, it might be to the advantage of both. Bent knows how to keep his feet, hut he is so very outspoken that he makes this stand for all the graces and virtues at occe, and does not attempt to be neat. Ha can say what he has to say and have dona with it when that is all that is required, but he stumbles at argument, and anything like an involved statement leaves him and his auditory alike in a fog. He shines in interjections., and in that delicate andattic seasored repartee which is of the tu quojue order ; hut he does not at all consult his reputation when he is tempted to go beyond that. Mr. Burrowes has been in the House about fifteen year?, and like the shrewd man that he ip, has not .'attempted to speak as many times during the whole of that period. His flashes of silence are so protracted, tbat in this respect he stands almost if not quite alone in the House. His two main points are his strong common-sense, and his evident knowledge that while speech may y be silvern, silence is certainly golden. Gaun £on would have been anywhere but eating dust to-day, if be had only half the sensa of the new Minister of Mines in this respect. 3 here aie tome notable debaters who ara. enlisted on their behalf, so long as they walk straight, but amongst the Ministry themselves there is not a single good orator. Of Mr. Burrowee and Mr Young, it may be eaid — not meaning that they are devoid of thecommonfacility of speech — that they can not speak at all. In spite of all tb.K, however, they will be tolerated and even supported, so long as they confine themselves to tha honest administration of their several offices; and they are not the least bit likely to have recourse to sensational and heroic measures. The colocy has bad so much of that sort of fooling that it is played out for a decade at least. «, Mr. Bent was asked the other day by an inquisitive and uneasy protectionist, 'Are you not a freetrader ?' To which ha replied, ' I am for peace, progress, and pros perity.' Subsequently he was asked bj a freetrader, ' Are you a protectionist ?' and his reply still was, ' I am for peace, pro gress, and prosperity.' Our political creeds are in abeyarce^ for a while, and a truce is called to the wild lights which we have indulged in over abstractions. At this every one rejoices except a few professional poli ticians and inveterate grievance mongers. The unlooked-for death of Judge Stephen he s produced a very widespread feeling of regret and sorrow. He was an estitnabld mail, acd an able and, a highly conscien tious judge. He has left his mark on society, and bequeathed to it a good and praueworthy memory. As a private citizen his life was without stain, as a politician he was honest, straightforward, and hardwork ing, and during his brief active service as judge of the Sspreme Court ho has amply vindicated the choice of those who appointed him, and done his part well to sustain the high reputation of the bench in this colony. Bis political career was com paratively short, but he signalised it by elaborating and passing into law the Educa tion Act. During the time he held office he was both Attorney-General and Minister ? of Justice, and no man could well work harder than he in this double capacity. Old Sir George Stephen, hia father, disapproved of his work in one particular so utterly that he openly refused to vote for a candidate, whose general principles he approved of, on the avowed ground that ' You are in favor of my son's Godless measure, I'm told, and I won't vote for you.' But the con sensus of opinion on the question of the utility of the Education Act Tons directly contrary to the worthy old gentle man's judgment, and there are many who think that Mr. Wilberforce Stephen's life would not have been -without either service or renown if he had done nothing more than - establish the State education of the country 7 on a non-sectarian basis. Mr. Stephen , H comes of very (rood blood. Both hia father ^ J ' and grandfather were active participators in -r: the great national movement which ulti mately wiped out the foul blot of slavery from the fair escutcheon of Great Britain. Six George, the father, was the solicitor who was employed to prepare the case on the side of Queen Caroline in that great trial in -which the 'first gentleman of Europe'' tried to deprive his wife both of her character and her rights ; and for this, or some other service rendered to the party that espoused the cause of the traduced and injured queen, he was knighted. ? lie was related also to Leslie Stephen, the oloquentand philosophic, but slightly scep tical, writer, whose works are not un likely to take their place amongst the classics of the English tongue-, to Sir Alfred Stephen, the Chief Justice of New South ' Wales, and to Mr. George Milner St9phen, once Acting-Governor or South Australia, and now a peripatetic medical thaumatur gist, whoEe partial and illusory cures are caused by the evanescent and misleading effect of mesmeric influetcs. There are -those who say that this gentleman is not a true Stephen ; that he is a charlatan, and lias been a bit of a mountebank all his life. However that may be, it is certain that nothing was further than charlatanrie from the character of bia deceased relative of the Victorian bench, of regretted and honored memory. The vacancy in the Supreme C jurt ha3 been quickly filled up, as was necessary ; and filled to the satisfaction of all classes. Mr. Holroyd, as equity barrister, has stood for some time at the head of that branch of the profession in the colony. He is a keen and painstaking lawyer, and a m-sat able pleader. His general character, too, is unincpeachable, and he stands well with the piofession. There were those who, knowing Sir Bryan's predelicdon for a seat on the bench, thought that he might avail himoelf of his light, and leave the turbulent arena of politics toother competitors; but he has been better advised, and conse quently receives a good deal of kudos in some quarters for the readiness of his self abnegation and the promptitude and judg ment with which the judicial vacancy has been filled. So that the pressnt goad fortune of Sir Bryan has followed him in this also. The case of the Rev. Charles Strong is attracting some attention outside of church circles, as well as within. About six years ago he came from Scotland, the designate chiefly of Professor Laird, to take charge of the pulpit of Scots' Church, Cjilina street. He was the immediate successor of Mr. Stobbs, who was preceded by Mr. Menzies, who died while in the occu pancy of the pastorate. Mr. Strong belongs avowedly to the Broad Church school, and his reputation is fully up to his avowal in this respect, l'his is not the place for a discussion of theological science, but as a matter of -common report I may mention that this gentleman's theology is of the negative sort, in contradistinction to the well defined and positive standards of the denomination to which he belongs. 'Strong tells men how to live,'' said a Presbyterian minister to me, ' but he does not tell them how to get the power to do it ;' and another, ' Strong's heterodoxy does not lie so much in what he tays as in what he does not say.' The un formulated charge against him is that he teaches only half the gospel, and that half not the primary and essential but the secon- I . dary and related part ; that he teache3 the morality but not the essential life of religion, and in this he brings himself into conflict not only with the traditions and modes of ] his denomination, but also with the recog nised and authoritative standards to which he promised fealty in his ordination. The thing seems plain enough to an unpreju diced outsider. Mr. Strong wakens up to the fact that, like the rest of us, he has been etarted on his brief mundane j course, out of the profound and uaanswer- j leg silence, in a world where there are a j jtreat many things on all subjects that ' no j fellow can understand.' His lot is cast in { a condition of things which in coin-se of { time he finds himself to be out of sympathy ? with. But the world is wide. As an : honest man he is bound of co-irse to be ? faithful to himself, and 'reverence his con- ; scieLce as a king.' If he cannot do this - where he is he can eurely lind rao^n else- ! where to do it. His friends are trying to': work up a feeling in his favor on the ground ' of persecution, but there is really no ques- i tion of persecution whatsoever, unless it ha on his own side, His brethren say, in effect, j that lie is the persecutor, that he persecutes i the standards which he, in common with j them, is bound to defend ; and that they j stand up against this unnatural persecution j of his for the protection of that which they j at least hold to -be dearer than life. Mr. Strong is a Presbyterian minister under the sanction of a solemn compact ; that compiet he violates, and still claims to be a mini ster in the Presbyterian communion. He can stay and be at peace if he will respect the terms of his association, or lie can be at peace, doing whatsoever he will, j if he will but go elsewhere. The thin;? j that makes all the trouble is that he wants hia will on both sides of the question ; but lhat is a privilege reserved for few amongst moitals, and those for whom it is reserved are by eo means the most happy amongst mankind. A few days ago Mr. Strong announced that he should resign his con- j rectiou with the Presbyterian Church in i the coloDy. Thereupon a meeting of his \ congregation was held to express sympathy ! ?with him, and to induce him if possible to j charge his mind. He stated that he could ] not, change his mind, but would delay his | depitture to suit the convenience of his ! people. At that meeting he stated plainly i *nou{:h that he was Broad Church in a J -\ eTy recogiiieable senee ; he coald not agree j with ihe commonly-received interpretation ; of Scripture in some important respects; j and he could not subscribe to much of the i doctrice called orthodox in its present foim. His statement was bettered in a marked degree by the after utterances of a Mr. Stewart, who, by-the-way, is the lawyer of the denomination. This gentle ruan'e views were so strongly put that an up-eountjy presbytery has formulated its ubjections in a manner which will at ouce stow the action which will be taken, and the ground for such action : — 'At a meeting of the Caatlemtin Presbytery, held at Castlemaine, it was unanimously re solved that the following overture be forwarded to the meeting of the General Assembly, to be held in Melbourne in the second week of November: — 'The attention of the presbytary having been called to. the report of a apeeoh, ?aid to have been delivered by Mr. J. C See wart at a meeting of the congregation of 8oata' Church, Melbourne, wherein he is represented as having affirmed, most unwarrantably aad inao curately, 'thatin the Confession of Faith be f ooisd it stated that the world and aU thing* i therein, wtether visible or unrisible, were created in the space of aix days of twenty-four hour* each; that in order to satisfy the justioa of Gad millions upon millions of people bad been sent to eternal perdition simply became they sever knew of Christ; that ihere are elect and non-elect, and that tbe elect will be saved, whether they like it or not;, and that tbe non-elect, do what they can, can fit be saved ; that there is each a thing as the eternal damnation of infanta who havo never luptd a iisne ; and farther, tbat the men who pretend— and by necessary consequence, tbe ictn » bo profess— to maintain, asiert. and de- i if ud all tbe doctrines contained in the oanfes fcrsiou me dishonest men, the presbyterv ibtH- fcrereBolve that the assembly beovertured to take whatever steps way bo deemed necessary 1o vindicate our choroh against a misrepresen tation ef her doctrine* eo grots and unwar ranted, acd to defend her mioiiters from so wanton an attack on their intelligence aad honesty, inasmuch as, bat for such a vindication it might be naturally presumed, from Mr. StewsrtV position ai an elder of the church and her recognised law«ageBt. tbat his representa tions of her doctrines, and of the opinions and character of her ministers, are founded on tratb, and en information well authenticated.'' Mr. Stewart, being a Scotchman and a lawyer to boot, is more than likely to show considerable fight, but then he will have to hold his own. if he can, against Scotchmen, and when Greek meets Greek the tug of war is inevitable. In the mean time Mr. Stewart justifies himself by cer tain citations from the standards which, to the lay apprehension, appear net by any means wholly unlike the allegations which he made in his reported speech. The papers have been enlivened by a general and discursive criticism of the revised version of the New Testament. As a proof of the diversity of the light that falls on any subject to persons who occupy different standpoints, it may be noted that while the Bishop of Melbourne is confi dent that the new version will have the effect of giving an impetus to freedom and breadth in religious thought, Dr. Mac donald, of Emerald Hill, is of the opinion that the effect will be rather to confirm the views which have been taken in time past concerning the severity of the treat ment, and final fate of those who persist in wrong -doing. Poor Tyerman, the spiritist lecturer, whq certainly was but a scrry example of the worth of his theory, and who, by the way, most likely knows more about it all by this time, used to lecture on the devil, proving, to his own apparent satisfaction at least, that his eatanic majettv was an intrusive bogey, used by the priests to frighten the people and to keep them in degrading constraint and bondage. His lecture was generally brought to a close by the recital of a piece of doggerel Terse, which was evidently meant to be amusing, and the burden of which was 'tbe devil is dead.' A good deal of the press guerilla warfare on the general subject has centred upcu this dia bolical impereonage of evil, and great stress has been hud on the fact that the new version, following the Greek more closely, has in several instances transposed evil as an abstract noun into the concrete and per sonal idea of '?' the evil one.' Some philoso phers, so called, who, whatever they may do when a question of science is concerned, ac knowledge no authoritative textbook in questions of religion, are still of the opinion that the devil is dead, but the theologians appear to be agreed tha.t they have stronger statementary proof than ever that such is cot really the case. If the philosophers would only advance their argument a stage further, and prove satisfactorily that thera is no devilishness, it would no doubt be a great relief to us all. I have spoken from time to time of the new gas scheme now patented by the in ventor, Air. Dizon, I have forborne to say much that I might have said, because £ did not think it fair to advance opinions with out evidence in a case whore the material interests had already become large and widely distributed. Now, the whole thing has been blown upon in a way that makes reticence entirely unnecessary. Air. Dixon's specification of the materials out of which he evolved his gas, and which he was re quired to submit in order that he might secure his patent, was perplesingly ex teusive, and suggestively elaborate. There was a painstaking prouxity and precision about the description of the admixture of the multiplied ingredients which was too evidently intended to overbear and carry the vulgar imagination, and an appearance of scientific cleverness which might well sway the lay mind with wonderment, and silence the impertinence of any profane quibbler. There was such a load of ver biage, and such a piling on of knowing and scientific terms, tbat the whole looked very much like an affair that had been cooked. One who knows the originator intimately Eaid to me on the morning that these tangled and elaborate presentments ap peared, 'I wonder who got up this for Djxod r1 It is impossible he should have done it himself. It's all rot, and meant merely to mystify and gull the public.' Since then a company of scientific experts belonging to the ICoyal Society met and compared notes on the subject, and Mr. Cosmo Newbery having given mouth to to their prelections, the whole affair has been relegated by them with much scorn and ridicule, to the region of which Bag as is king. Still it would be premature to say that Mr. Dixon's gas is entirely blown out. Shares in the concern are still saleable, although they have dropped from 3oj. to [ 15s. The holders profess to ba confident j and satisfied. They say, 'Lit the scivuns j make merry as they will, every great prac- j tical discovery has had to make its way in spite of such. We have the gas, and we can produce the light. We will light the j world with it yet.'' Such a very heavy atmosphere of doubt, however, has baen j thrown around the whole affair that it is j a question if a shareholder, fatuous or i courageous enough could be found who I would not gladly exchange his scrip for I for what it cost him. The rather demon- ' st 3 alive confidence of the shareholders I is generally regarded as another form | of that peculiar 6ort of courage which ' takes to whistling when passing through : the sombre and ghost-crowded churchyard. ; Nevertheless, transactions in this scrip i under the verandah in MelbournsaTe re- j pcrted, although rarely, and at greatly : reduced figures. j The Ministry are to bring in a new Rail- : way Bill, and already the Commissioner is crowded with about a score or more of ? deputations daily, each showing the best i cause why a new line is indispensable in the ' particular district concerned. The traffic I on the Brighton Hue is very much crowded j at those limes when persons are coming and j ;rcirfr to business in Melbourne; and on i holiday occasions the carriage accommo- I dation is said to be quite insufficient. There ] is already a double line as far as Windsor, but from thence to Brighton the line is I single. It has been proposed to make : a double line all the way, but this would involve the building of several expensive bridges. An alternative proposal is now ' made that the St. Kilda lice shall be con tinued through the hill at St. Kilda by ' means of a tunnel, and carried on to Brighton ? by a route that will accommodate passen- ; pers who are not reached by the Brighton : line. Tenders are beJDg called for a new ! biidge across tbe Yarra at Swanston-street. ' A very painful sensation has been pro duced by the arrest of Mr. Is'dward James Age, accountant at the Lands Ollice^ for forgery. He is brother of Mr. Agsr, the commissioner of audit, and belongs to a i family well known and highly-respected in \ the colony during thB last twenty yean. ; There is a pathetic painfulness about the fact that it is said that it was his brother ' of the Audit Office who made the discovery which led to his apprehension. As an ! evidence of the misfortune of bearing a i tainted name it may be mentioned that a ; voung man has siijce been discharged from j one of tbe banks only because he was un- I fortunate enough to bear the same name as ! the defaulter. This certainly seems to be ' a very hard lot, with no slight spice of cruelty. 