OLD DRURY LANE. Mna. Edward Stirling, who has been for many years well known to the public as the stage-manager of Drury-lane, has published his fifty years' recollections as author, actor, and manager, under the title of Old Drury Lane (Chatto and Windus). Like all actors' biographies, these two volumes are brimful of entertainment. The author has a memory well stored with the traditions of the stage, and his own experiences as an actor, though he never reached to any eminence in the profession, will be found extremely interest ing, . lie writes in a terse, pointed style, almost too pregnant with matter, and tells a story wall. So full of good things indeed is his book, and so closely packed, that it is hard to detach any quotable passages. Here is a story of how a gentleman from Dublin expounded tableaux from the antique to a Liverpool audience :- " First Tableau ' Ajax defying the lightning; ' music. First Group--Exponent: ' A Jack defying of the lightning.' Second Group-' IIercules kill ing the Nemean lion.' Exponent: 'ller class killing a nameless lion.' (Considcr able merriment in front, accompanied with my anger at the wing, telling the exponent to come off. Not he !) Third Group ' Caius Marius sitting among the ruins of Carthage.' This was interpreted, 'Caus Morimes sitting on '-referring to the list 'I can't make out what lie sat upon, bedad !' House in a roar, down came the curtain, away ran the exponent, I after him." Of Macready, who was distinguished for his imperious manner andl vile temper, there are several laughable anecdotes. Once playing in Lear in the provinces, the property man being told in writing to pro vide a map for the opening scene, where Lear divides his kingdom, had read it mop. ".At night the tragedy commences; Mac ready, in fiull state on the throne, calls for his map, a super. noble, kneeling, presents the aged king a white curly mop. The astounded actor rushed off the stage, drag ging the unfortunate nobleman and his mop with him, actors and audience wild with delight." On another occasion, on his return from America, he was playing Ham let at the Princess's, Cooper being ghost. M1acready was very particular about his dead father's dress, always furnishing it himself. " In the scene where 1Hamlet follows his sire to the ramparts of Elsinoro Castle, at the moment when the spirit pro claims himself Hamlet's buried father, Cooper started and rubbed his neck, proceed ing, 'thy father's spirit, doomed fora certain time to-.' (Anotherjcrk of hisghostlyhead.) (Aside.)-' What the devil is it? ' Macready (groaning with rage), ' go on, sir.' 'I can't; I'm nate up alive by something,' wriggling and twisting his body. Audience laughing. Tragedian - ' Get off, sir.' Cooper - ' Where's the trap ? ' (to lead to sulphurous flames), feeling with his foot for it; descends, rubbing his back. ' 0, remember me.' Macready, in a towering passion, rushed to the green-room when the act-drop fell, demanding an explanation of John for his strange conduct. ' Ask the cockroaches in your infernal armour.' It was discovered on search to be swarming with cockroaches, never having been unpacked until that night since it was used in America." An Irish playbill of the Theatre Royal, Kilkenny, is quoted, iw-hich announces that on a certain date "will be performed, by desire and command of several respectable people in this learned matrapolish, the Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, originally wriitten and composed by the celebrated Dan Hayes of Limerick, and insarted in Shakspeare's works." Hamlet, it is an nounced, " will between the acts play several solos on the patent bagpipes, which play two tunes at the same time." Opheliia " will introduce several favourite airs in character, as the Lass of Richmond Hill, &c.; The parts of the King and Queen, by directions of the Rev. Father O'Callaghan, will be omitted, as too immoral for any stage." "The characters to be dressed in Roman shapes, and the value of the tickets as usual will be taken out if required in candles, bacon, soap, butter, cheese, potatoes, &c.;, as Mr. Kearns wishes in every particular to accommodate the public. N.B. - No smoking allowed or swearing. No person whatsoever will be admitted into the boxes without shoes or stockings." Some of the playbills which Mr. Stirling prints at large are curiosities in another kind, as showing how infinitely superiorwas the cast, even in ordinary pieces, in those palmy days of forty or fifty years ago than now, when a single star constitutes a company, with a bundle of sticks. In the cast of London Assurance at Convent-garden in 1841 there is not one name which is not famous among those of William Farren, James Anderson, Charles Matthews, Harley, F. Matthiews, Keeley, Meadows, W. I-I.- Payne, Mrs. Nesbitt, Madame Vestris, and Mrs. Keeley. What modern playbill can match this array of talent ? As a complete record of the stage of Old Drury, MIr. Stirling's book will be invaluable to fimutro historians of the English drama.-Mehlbourno Argus. 