The division-list of Thursday night throws an interesting light upon the state of parties in the House. Among the forty-one members that voted against the Government there wore no fewer than eight Liberals, namely, Messrs. Bolton, Fineliam, Gaunsou, Grant, Graves, M'Kean, L. L. Smith and Sir Bryan O'Loghler- Thoso men had not only been ardont supporters of tho Ministry almost up to the lost momont of thoir career in Parliament, but thoir avowod cause of disaffection Wft3 that Ministers had not been Liberal enough to please thom. Deduct them from tho total vote of tho Opposition, and there are left to Mr. Murray Smith exactly 33 followers against tho 38 who crossed tho floor with Mr. Berry. If wo draw tho sec tional lines that separate parties accord ing to principles, we should be entitled to add the 8 to Mr. Berry's clientele. The Liberals in the Houso by this mode of reckoning number 46, and Mr, Borry is th?ir only legitimate leader. Mr. Berry, therefore, is still at the head of tho strongest party; and though he cannot bring back tho mutineers to thoir allegiance, nobody else has such a strong moral and political claim upon them. - Mr. Murray Smith got their vote, it is true, but their principles must romain alien to him. Indeed, ho admitted as much, in almost as many words when he ownod to the private conviction that the " Liberal party would pro- " bably, in the main, govern the country " during his lifetime." It was not a very adroit confession at this particular time, for it means that Mr. Murray Smith is prepared to make a virtue of necessity, and swallow Liberalism holus-bolus if only ho can obtain office by tbe concession. It is as though ho had said to the wavorer3 whom ho enticed into his camp : " Don't " entertain any fear about your princi- " pits ; they are perfectly safe in the " keeping of a man of my elastic con- " science. Principles should be no ob- " stacle to men who are enlisted as we " are in a common cause against tho " occupants of the Treasury benches. " Are you protectionists ? I will put my " freo-trad.6 prejudices in my pocket. " Are you opposed to the Education "Act on .sectarian principles! It is " monstrous to let religious scruples in- " terfero with the success of our little " game. I recognise that my friends the " Conservatives aro in a hopeless jni- " nority in the country and in Parlia- "ment, while the Liboral strength is " increasing, and must continue to in- " crease year after yoar ; bat that " trifling difficulty is easily surmounted. " It will be only necessary to pretend " that there is no great difference after " all between Liberalism and Conser- " vatism, and tho thing in dono." Iu order to show that this is no moro travestio of Smitbism, we will let the Macbiavel of the Opposition speak for himself. After paying a reluctant tribute to the strength and endurance of Liboral principles, >.e is reported to havo added, " But after all was there any vory great' " fundamental difference which divided- " tho two political sidos of this country! " Putliiiff aside tho question of freo:trado " and protection, which in not novi before " the country, there was no great' "division." And as for tho- objootion that Sir' Bryan O'Logblen is a Roman Catholic, ancl declined to take office iu tho last Berry Administration if ' tho Education Act was not to bo altered to> WelviS?=rtteligious-'viewB, - '"(he " Smith) did not suppose that would " havo any weight with the people ol " this country." In these short utter ances, taken together, wo have tho Vrhole policy of tho Opposition pre sented to us at a glance. It is to bo strictly a policy of accommodation. That is to say, there is to be no policy at all, except suoh as can be made aubsorvient to tho immediate acquirement of office and pay. Tho Smitliian maw is not particular about its victuals; No morsel that tho Liberals will throw to him but what Smith will gulp it down. For every scruple of conscience ho has a ready answer. Is ho reminded that Mr. Francis was tho author of the edu cational system which Sir Bryan O'Loghlen is pledged to attack ; he replies that it is vory hard to object to a politician because of his religion. Or does tho long- neglected ghost of free- trade shako its admonishing finger at him ; ho retorts, " tho question is not " now before the country." Whether tho country will bo as easily satisfied as Mr. Murray Smith with this sort of casuistry remains to bo seen ; but we aro satisfied that oven tho moral sonso of his own party must shrink from a defence that can only bo characterised as a shameless abnegation of all prin ciple in politics. Either Mr. Smith is a freo-trader or ho is' not. If ho is ho cannot consistently under take to administer protection. To say that tho question is not before the country is a subtorfuge quito unworthy of a politician who makes an unusual pretence to tho qualities of straight forwardness and candor. Whose fault is it that it is not before the couutry ! and how can it ever bo before the country if its champions deliberately agree among themselves to keep it in tho back ground ! We arc fully aware that the excuso is a favorite one with Mr. Smith's party, but it is ono that can be justified on no moral or controversial grounds. What controversy would over be settled' by such reasoning, .wo should like to know 1 Or how would the cause oif truth evor gain the day if. its advocates were content to wait in- silenco till erroneous doctrines had lost their hold upon the public mind ! Every time that a free-trader administers a protectionist policy without a murmur ho becomes a consenting party to what . ho boliovoa to bo a damnable and do- ; structivo error ; and , to admit that ho does it for tho sake ef putting his party into powor is an acclamation of his offence. Wo know vory well that this vory simple lesson in morality will be utterly thrown away upon tho most sen-; sitivo Conservative conscience at the present moment. When tinman has tho long-covoted prize within his vory grasp, ho will not withdraw from it merely be cause he is remindod that tho claims of consistency forbid bis taking it. Tlio hunger of Mr. Smith and his party for office is tho hunger of long-enforced abstinence, sharpened by tho smell of tho dainty viands under their nose. For four yoars Conservatism has been drag ging out a starved and sickly existence under tho chilly shados of the Opposi tion bonchos. During that four years they have made tremendous efforts to retrieve their faded fortuno. Every year we were told that Liberalism was at its last gasp, and that neither Mr. Borry nor anybody olso could resuscitate it. All through that eventful period Mr. Borry lias been pilloried and abused as no other politician in any English- speaking community has ever been. The,' choicest garbage of Conservative rheto-j ric . hus been flung at his devoted head) and if his ears have not been cut off or his uoso slit, it is only bocause the bullies of the party shrank from carrying out the gentle hints given them by thoir leaders. And oven now, when something like a momentary success has rewarded thoir brutal oxortions, what do wo find 1 While preparing to depose Mr. Berry, they aro obliged to accopt the assistance of recreant Borryitea. The men who have given them their temporary triumph are Liberals, whose chief complaint with Mr. Berry is that ho has fallen short of their standard. Mr. Murray Smith, on Thursday night, not only admitted the impotence of Conservatism if loft to its own resources ; ho not only talkod tho broadest Liberalism, and accopted the Liberal vote, but he promised and vowed- that he would administer the affaira of tho country upon strictly Liberal principles. The transformation will be as thorough as his now allies shall de mand. In Opposition he is for ex tinguishing native industries) on tho Treasury benches ' ho is as good a pro tectionist as Mr. Berry himself. What more can anybody want 1 The Conser vatives are satisfied; why should the Liberals grumble 1 It has long been recognised that the United States offer the most fertile field for the study of novel social and industrial phenomena anywhere to be found. Tho vast extent of the country, its unrivalled natural re sources, and the high level of in telligence and enterprise of its inhabi tants, combined with tho laissez fairs policy of tho Government, have given groater scope for tho operations of capital, whother in tho' hands of in- dividuals or of companies, than can be found in tho smaller and more densely peopled countrios of the old world, whose more rigorous' and active- Governments have not yet learnt to abstain from interference in- tho wide fiold of industrial enterprise. The important question of to what extont it is desirable that Government should control business affairs has had much new light thrown upon it by recent transactions Qf tho great railway and telegraph owners of the United States, The latest exposition of the subject is contained in a remarkable article con tributed to a recent number of the Atlantic Monthly by Mr. H. D. Lloyd, entitled the "Story of a Great Mono- " poly." The writer commences by stating that more than any other class the groat railway proprietors havo developed tho resources of tho country, and at tho. samo time tested the strength of its in stitutions. He says — " The ovasion of " almost all taxes by the New York " Central Railroad has thrown upon the " people of New York State more than " a fair share of tho cost of government, " and illustrates some of tho methods by " which the rich ore making tho poor " poorer. . A lawsuit still " pending, though begun ten years ago, " by a citizen of Chicago, to recover tho " value of baggogo destroyed by tho " Pennsylvania railroad ; Judgo Bar-: " nard's midnight ordor for the Erie, "ring; the' surrender of its judicial " integrity by tho Supreme Courts oi Pennsylvania at the bidding of ":tho Pennsylvania railroad; the veto "by the Standard Oil Company, "of tho enactment of a law by tho " Pennsylvania legislature to carry out " tho provision of the constitution of -"'thcStatethat 'evory'one should hay#' equal rights on the railroads— theaa'l Hare a few of the many things that liavo | e bappenod to hill tho confidence of put ii citizens in the laws and the adminis- >' tration of justice." Tho writer then proceeds to tell the story of the last-, pained corporation, which absolutely pontrols, and has controlled for years, the production, manufacture, export and prices at home and abroad of the bnro.iane business, one of tho largest, pnd most important in tho States. After pottonand articles of food, potroleum is tho most valuable product of the country, which exported in 1873; 125,000,000 gallons to China and the East Indies alone. In 1877 tho foreign jfcrado in kerosene wp.s worth 61, 789-, 438 dollars. The Standard Oil Company commenced in tho early years of tho pivil war in a partnership botwoen two men named Samuel Andrews and John Rockefeller, ono of whom had been a day laborer in refineries, and tho ptber a bookkeeper in a town in Ohio. Now the company hps n' capital . nomi nally 3,500,000 dol., but really much more, and it divides among its share holders millions of dollars ovory year. It has rofineries at Cleveland, Baltimore and New York It has pcid works, glue factories, hard ware stores and barrel shops for supplying fts own wants. It buys 30,000 to 10,000 barrels of crude oil a day, at n . price fixed by itself, and makes special Contracts with tho railway companies for the transport of 13,000,000 or "(14,000, 000 barrels of oil- ft year. It Juis drawn it3 choquo for 1,000,000 dol. jto suppress a rival company. It fixes the price of koroseno from tirao to'tiine throughout, tho country, oxceptatNew York, wboro it appears all competition is not yet quite extinguished. It has driven into bankruptcy or out of busi ness nearly all its rivals. The wealth of. Rockefeller , is considered , little, if, at all inferior, to that of fVanderbilt, the " railway king." Every thing connected with the company is kept a profound secret, and the late New Yorkrailroadinvestigatingcommitteo had to confess its inability to loam anything p of this mysterious organisation, whose I" business and transactions are of such a "character that its members declined p giving a history or description lost f their testimony be used to convict them »'of crime." Whatis moat important, however, for us foconsideris tho means by which this com pany attained its extraordinary success. This, it appears, wasby conspiracy with tho railwaycompanies.' Mr. Simon Sterna, who appeared for tho New York merchants bafore the New York investigating committee, declared that the relations between the railways and the Standard Pil Company exhibited "tho most " shameless perversion of tho duties of "a common carrier to private ends that " has takon place in tho history of the; " world." It is impossible to give tliomaasi , of evidence broughtforwardby Mr. Lloyd, but it. amounts in tho main to this — the various railway proprietors carried the Standard Company's oil at a far lower rato than any one olse's, and' thus gradually crushed out all rivals, anid vir tually gavo a monopoly of tho oil "trade to the Standard. Vanderbilt, thodargest (railway proprietor in America, was ono of tho chief parties in these transactions, but the other railway owners showed the same disposition to join in .'the com bination. The most alarming feature in the whole business was that tho oil pro ducers and refiners who opposed tho Standard wore unable to obtain justice. Law suits wore brought to compel the railways to give equal rights of transport to alL But tho influence-, of the com pany extended to the whole machinery of law, from the Governor of Pennsyl vania and the State judges downwards. 'As a rosult of all this, the people of tho United States aro paying . on every gallon of oil consumed, a tax to the company of several times its value, and the los3 and injury to the commu nity, and especially tho working classes employed by the various oil producers who were ruined by the operations of tho Standard, culminated in tho greatest labor disturbances on record — tho strikes and riots of 1877. Moro ominous still is tho possibility .of tho railway owners building up similar monopolies in other (branches of business. The Now York Chamber of Commerce, in a report dated I5,th February, 1880-, used those significant words What has happened in the " case of the Standard Oil Company may f happen in other-lines of business. With " the favor of the managers of tho trunk " lines, what is to prevent commerce in " the rest of the groat staples from " being fnonopolised in a similar man- " ner 1 Already it is taking this course. " One or two firms in Baltimore, Phila- " delphia, New York and Boston, with I" thoir branch houses in the West, aro, "by the favor of tho railroads, fast f monopolising tjie export trade in "wheat, corn, cattlo and provisions, " driving their competitors to the wall " with absolute certainty, breaking down " and crushing out the energy and en- " terprise of the many for the benefit of " tho favored few." Tho moral of all -this is tolerably alenr. The United States Government ought never to have relinquished its control over the railways. No doubt, but for the action of private enter prise and capital, the .resources of the States could never have been de veloped as they have been by the system of granting enormous tracts of land for railway purposes to large capitalists. But' some means should have been adopted for securing a systematic supor- jvision over their proceedings, so as to secure that no special advantages are given to oiie person more than another. iRailwaysore notandcannot be on tho same footing as other property. They are the arteries of the social system, and any thing that tends to impede a free circu lation along them of tho country's pro ducts must necessarily be productive of evil consequences. In the United States, owing to circumstances that exist' no where else, there has grown up an exces sive" weakness of the executive govern- iraent, combined with an unparalleled de gree of commercial enterprise. As Mr. Lloyd says, "the forces of capital and in- " dustry have outgrown tho forces of our " Government. There is nobody richer " than Vanderbilt except the body of the " citizens, no corporation moro power- ful than the transcontinental railroad, "except the corporate sovereign at " Washington. Tho nation is tho engine f of the people. They must use it for " thoir industrial life, as they used it f in 1861 for their political life." The -V States have failed. Tho United States must succeed, or tho people will perish." . 