Eftr£RTA1AM£ttT& THE THEATRES, &c.; Beginning with Friday laBt, it ia to be Bet down that at the Theatre Royal there was a concert on that evening. The concert, as a matter of course, consisted of selections from what is known as Bacred music. There took part in the representation Signora Coy, Miss Christian, Signora Venosta, and Mies O'Brien, and Messrs. Mavor, Walshe, Furlong, and Moyle. Signor Zelman played the piano accompaniments, and Mr. Summers thoae on the organ. On the following night, namely, Saturday, Miss Pomeroy reappeared as Rosa lind. And of her performance of this cha racter it is to be recorded that in all of it that is good, and there is a great deal that is good in the highest degree, it was quite on the level of her former representation ; and in such particulars as you might have taken exception to when first you saw her play Rosalind, there were modifications in the direction of improvement of an extremely gratifying - kind. So that it iB evident Miss Pomeroy is not a finality actreBS, and doeB not consider that her efforts are unsusceptible of improvement Speaking of her efforts in the main, you might look long for a Rosalind that could distance hers. There were changes in the cast as com pared with the representation of the piece last November. Thus Mr. Holt played 'Touchstone with a very crisp and racy humour; and Mr. Holloway was the banished duke; and Mr. Jones gave a fairly dignified picture of the other duke; and Miss Docy Stewart enacted Audry with a dainty kind of of rusticity; and Miss Lena Ed win as Phoebe looked such a picture as you would like to put in a frame, and regard as the very type of sylvan prettiness; and Mr. Douglass came out not ill as Oliver, and there were other substitutions of lesser note. But the two :moet notable substitutions were the Jacques of Mr. Leake, and the Celia of Miss Kemble. •And of Mr. Leake it is only just to say that •he gave a most pleasingly philosophic inter pretation of the melancholy recluse. As compared with his '" Richard the Third " and •" Hamlet" it had surprisingly the advantage jot either of them, and his " Seven Ages" was delivered with a naturalness which gave but little room for caviL Miss Kemble's Celia stands out as one of the best of the inany representations we have had of the partih this city, where "As Ton Like It" has so many times been played. For, to begin with, she had taken particular pains to dress it with chronological exactness. This statement has reference more especially to the first dress Bhe wore. As the epoch, like the geography, of " As You Like It" is undetermined by any internal evidence, we are fairly entitled to fix it at thedate at whlchit was written, namely, in the year 1598, when rioh stiff brocades were greatly affected. Ac cordingly, Miss Kemble wore in the first act a drees of this material, and in the last act a white silk gown, but also very rich and stiff. Her forest dress was appropriately simple and countrified, so that her conformity with the necessities of costume, muBt be reckoned among the tribntea to her intelligence. But before all this merit of expressive garments, must be mentioned the bright intelligence of her manner, and the conformity of her manner to the significance of the character. She bent herself thoroughly to the situation, and was part of the picture, without ever au attempt to gain an advantage at the expense of the author. So that her Celia will stand out as a good example of what may be done with the character. ' On Tuesday night the play was "Romeo and Juliet," and Mr. Douglas played Rompo, but it was not Shakspeare's Romeo. Miss Anstead was the Nurse, and considering how well Miss Anstead can fit herself to any kind of character, it will surprise nobody to be told that she played it with the fulness of Shakspearian raciness. Mr. Jones's Friar . Lawrence was not the Friar Lawrence of Mr. Hoekins'; but it served well enough. Mr. Csesar'e Apothecary was well- intentioned, but that wps all. On Thursday night the play was " Cym beline," and you need not to be told how ad mirable a representation is that of Miss Pomeroy's Imogen. But seeing that Mr. Carey did not play Iachimo, nor Mr. Hoskins Belarius, you may readily conceive there was reason for regret. To-night " A Winter's Tale" is to he revived after some years' dis use, and wa are given to understand that par ticular preparations have been made to render its reproduction .signally effective. Miss Pomeroy plays the two parts of Hermione and Perdita, ; The Opera-house season ends to-night with the 101st representation of "LaFiile du Tambour Major," and on Monday night Mr. Thome's benefit is to take place, at which everybody is going to be present The programme is to include the new drama of "Tears," In which.Mr. Mervin and Miss Kemble will appear; the nautical drama of " The Waterman," with Mr. Brennir as Tom Tug; and Sheridan's " Critic." ; At the Rjjou, on Saturday night, the late Mr. Tom Taylor's play of "A Sister's Ppnance" was revived. You may haply have been, told that this is a new play, and accordingly the plot has been set forth circumstantially for you information. As a matter of fact " A Sister's Penance" was first played at ths Adelphi, London, in Novem ber, ' 1866, 4n4 It was produced at the pow disappeared Haymarket( in this city, on Oc tober 21, 1868, , It ran at that time only five nigfito,,, arid; that was quits as Ipng es.it « flimsy play, wjth /p* , jrgp$ 99 average hum#* \- ' U comprehend, especially when S pf th e npper circle ks*p up ng and stamping overhead, tfia* Jhgp.gJ^t every epqksn. ^rou can compm ly one of them, ana thatithe other one, by a trick, causes a misunder etandinR, whereby the loved one marries somebody else, and the discarded young man goes to India, whither he .is followed by the ; young person who has played the scurvy; trick. The true lovers are, however, finally: united, and the repentant Bister makes a sort' of consolation match. In India there isBome fighting, and the dark passages are further darkened by an Indian who has fallen in love with the intriguing Bister, and who tries vainly to poiBon his rival, and who, finding he haB failed, jumps down a precipice and breaks himself in pieceB. The interest of the' acting in this play is sustained by Mrs. Lewis and Mr. Ireland, re spectively aB the plotting Bister and the man to gain whom she plots. For Btrong and ex pressive feeling Mrs. Lewis in this part could not well be exceeded. So far as the character permitted her, she filled out its limits, and if the play itself had been Icbb obBcure, she; would have put it in a correspondingly vivid light. Nothing, however, was lacking on her | part to give it an effective conspicnonsnesB. And, in like manner, Mr. Ireland did his share of good effort to make the work en trusted to him tell. Mr. Phillips sustained the viilany with a proper pictnresqueness. Mr. Daniels showed over how large an area his ability is spread, by delineating with most becoming dignity an elderly military officer. And Mr. Joyce was seen to considerable ad vantage as a military medical officer; and Mr. Thorne aB a sheriff's officer, and sub sequently as a body-servant, relieved the seriouBneBB of the piece by mfiny flashes of quaint merriment. And in respect of qoaint merriment MisB Blanche Louis is to be men tioned with particular approval for the neatly sparkling fashion with which she played a very comely serving-woman. The arrangement of the iecond act was made pictorially expressive by Beveral items of characteristic appropriateness, Buch as only a management familiar with Indian life could introduce. On Monday next, at this theatre, Mr. F. Marshall makes his reappearance in Alel bonrne in a comedy by Mr. Burnand, en titled " Jeames," which was first played at the Gaiety, London, on the 26th of August, 1878\. Everybody, of course, will be delighted to see Mr. Marshall again. Miss Clara Stephenson appeared at the Princess's on Saturday night last in a drama having the tide of " The' Little Detective." This alBo is not new, as it was first given in Melbourne at the Haymarket on Sep tember 21, 1867, Miss Kate Denin being, 'the representative of the principal cha racter. As a play it is beneath notice, but its obvious purpose is to give an opportunity to the principal actress in it, to appear in several different cha racters, to wit, a young lady of lively dis position and a strong infusion of cariosity; a rustic yonng person of^he Audrey type; an | ancient party of the Gamp order ; a dapper little gentleman, and an Irish boy. All these Miss Stephenson played on Saturday night with overflowing spirit. The best of them was the Irish boy. She sang Beveral songs, which were encored with a dominant enthusiasm, and, in bri&, put herself on such excellent terms with the audience, that | it is only due to her to say that she has made already that Bort of progress in public estimation which warrants the prediction thatehe will stay a long time with us. For she possesses that sort of quality which is expressively denominated "go." Her liveli ness never flags, and, what is still better, she does not oveido it. Of the rest who played in this very haahy and trashy drama, Mr. Carey is to be men tioned with particnlar approval for the pains he took to make a part of limited dramatic value produce a strongly-marked effect. The ] character is that of a detective, or, as it is set j down in the bills, a " Bow-Btreet runner," ! this order of policeman being, as we know, , long ago extinct, whereby we may gauge either the antiquity of the play or the be. hindnesa of knowledge of the author. Mr,. Douglas did the viilany, and was finally shot, the shot causing him to leap out of a balcony in order to die nearer the footlights. MiBS Mortyne played an ill-need wife, whom her husband drowiiB. Immediately after the drowning her ghost rises ont of the water, and at asnbeequent period she has to do more ■ ghost business. It is altogether an un pleasant part to play, and one could not but feel Bony for Miss Mortyne. Of the test there is not mnch to say. The characters they played were about as good as the play itself, and the acting was on a corresponding leveL Onr old friend the Fakir is back at St George's Hall with his pleasantly varied entertainment He gives Us a little conjuring, a little music, a little illusion, a little jesting between whiles, the entranced lady, some ventriloquism, and finishes with the' most beautiful of beautiful things, the fairy: fountain. It is impossible not to be pleased with what one sees, and to go away after, seeingit contented, refreshed, and instructed., It is eminently a pleasant entertainment. Besides the co&cert; at thh Theatre Royal1 on Good Friday night, there have been other' concerts this Easter-tide. Thus at ihe ■ Town-hall on.Good Friday the Philharmonic \ Society performed; jSpobr's " Calvary." It, would be e&syto; say that (he performance^ was worthy of 'the work,'but it ,would -be that sort of ^eahe with which Jdftmlet lha conversation with Roeencrantz and Gtrilddh stern associates a; praotioe which DsVid, in < bis haste, charged: upon all tnbn. Perhaps, the Philharmpnic Society will reppat: j ■viry •• aojue df^jwithadiffft^gaat.;.) ^^ jOnMqnday.Atthe Town-hall,,MiuRoeina CarandinUs c^cert look place, , ; She «u assisted bjytt&i; Christian, Mfb.'tJatter/lQM' ,Davis—a very promising pupilof hers—Mr. SeKa^g^assesss etas'prtasipsl panists respectively, on the violonoello and piano. It wm an extremely agreeable oon< cert, pleasantly variejh and admirably atrt tained, It wee a concert toault all tn&tet;, and to disappoint nobody. And considering xvhat a deservedly rhi(»h place Miss C&randihf; holds inpublic iavour, it was only right that Buch a concert shonld be Bach a sucoess. - ^ On the same night Mr. Miranda's oopcert took place at the Athenroub. Theerecutantfc consisted for the most part of Mr. Miranda'fe pupils, and the way in which they acquitted themselves justified their introduction to the public, and testified to the good method of Mr. Miranda's teaching. Mr. and Mre. Miranda also took part in the performance, and that increasingly popular violinist, Mr. Weston, played a solo in his best manner, and Mr. Sykes supplied all that could be wished as accompanist. < 