THE FUNEEAL OF THE CZAR. St. Petebsbubo, 19th March. To-day, in accordance with the pro clamation of the mounted heralds, who had yesterday evening predicted theevent all over St Petersburg, the mortal re mams of the Emperor Alexander IL wens transferred from the chamber of death in the Winter Palace to the Cathedral of St Peter *nd Paul with the usual elaborate pomp and solemnity observable on such sad occasions. To describe in anything like detail the composition of the vast and imposing procession which for several hours to-day wound its slow aud melan choly way from the Winter Palace to the fortress would require at least five or six columns of your space, so I shall content myself by presenting you with the main features of the interminable cortege. Three cannon fired from the fortress hav ing directed the various mourners to get ready and take their places, a similar salvo about midday gave the signal to start, when the sable standard, bearing in white the initials of the tnurdered monarch, was unfurled over the fortress, the artillery began to fire off minute guns, and all the bells of the city began to toll. The whole route was lined by troops of the garrison, immediately behind whom the public were permitted to stand, but no gallery or platform for their conveni ence had been erected, and house-holders were only aUowed at their personal risk and peril to let their windows and balconies to strangers. The police had taken exceptional measures to preserve order, in the maintenance of which the pubiic, by handbills, were invited to co operate. In hundreds of thousands did the populace of all classes flock to the Neva quays, and every one had an aspect of mourning. Ail the houses and public buildings, too, showed the same amount of sable flags and drapery as when the Empress, not a year ago, was similarly conveyed from the Palace to the fortress. At twelve o'clock the cortege began to move, and it was near two before the iortress was reacnea, tne cannon nnng and the bells tolling all the time, and till the body of the deceased Emperor was deposited on. the catafalque prepared for it in the cathedral. The procession con sisted in all of thirteen sections, compris ing 172 groups or members. First, at the head of it rode a master of the ceremonies, followed by the private escort of the Emperor ; the mounted drummers and trumpeter of the Horse Guards, a mounted officer in uniform and deep mourning, a marshal of superior rank, with his baton, a squadron of his Majesty's Hussui-s of the Guard, four companies of the Guard Regiment of Pavlovsk, of the Grenadiers, the Engineers, and the Chasseurs of the Guard ; then another superior officer of the Imperial stable, followed by 40 liveried footmen, marching four abreast, eight lackeys and as many kitchen- men, like-wise in fours, and a corps of 20 pages, with their commander. At the Lead of the second section of the coiiteqe rode another master of the ceremonies leading up a baton-bearing marshal and tile Imperial standard with his. family arms, aud his Majesty's charger, flanked by two subaltern officers, -ind followed by two gruuiis. Then followed five standards, bearing respectively the arms of lclierkask, Armeuia, Kabarda., Ueorgia aud Karatalino, carried by mounted functionaries of the eighth class, and each of their horses led by two subaltern officers. Then came the third Bection of the lung procession, including fourteen other standards, also borne by mounted functionaries of the eighth class, and follon-ed by more chargers aud groouiB. After this, in similar order and array, came the fifth section, comprising the twenty -six standards of the other districts and provinces of Russia. Following these several banners came other emblems of Imperial power in the shape of the marine flag, carried by a naval captain in deep mourning, accompanied by two frigate captains, and then the great black and white silk standards with the Imperial arms, the former followed by a horse richly draped with sables, the drapery similarly blazoned, and the latter by a figure which attracted much attention — a knight in golden armor, mounted upon a gorgeously harnessed steed, carrying a drawn sword, and supposed to symbolise the bright and spotless character of the departed Sovereign. After him walked a man at arms in sable armor, with a drawn sword, and then the mourning standard of black silk, followed by a horse in drapery of the same hue, two glooms, with three officers of the Imperial stable. The sixtli section was headed by another lowed by a marshal of the rank of major general and the official of the sixth class, bearing the blazoned shields of Schleswig Holstein, Taurida, Siberia, Finland, Poland, Astrakan, Kasan, Novgorod, Vladimir, Kieff, and Moscow, with the grand escutcheon of the Empire preceded by four major-generals and carried by two such officers, assisted by two other superior ones— all in full-dress uniform and deep mourning. Then, similarly led as the other sections, walked representa tives of the three corporations of peasants, middle-class citizens, and merchants, with those of rural administration, and the mayor of St. Petersburg, followed by the civic secretary, and the Masters of the various trade guilds, carrying the symbols of their profession. Then the representatives of various zemstvos or provincial assemblies, of the nobility of the capital and the country, of the various courts of justice, with those of the various governments, &c.; These were followed, headed by a master of ceremonies as usual, by the Red Cross, the Economical and the Philanthropic Societies, by the office-bearers and pupils of the establish ments, under the Conseil de Tutelle Imperiale three abreast. Close upon these, in similar marching order, came marshals representing the Ministries of Posts and Telegraphs, Justice, Roads and Public Communication, and for the con trol of the Empire, with numerous officials from these departments, aud also from the various other ministries and high civil, legislative and administrative bodies and State orgrnisms and autocratic officialisms. The sablt. monotony was next relieved by a squadron of his Majesty's Cuirassiers of the Guard, two heralds, and four colonels carrying the four sworJs of the Empire reversed. Then followed a crowd of functionaries of the fourth class carrying on golden cushions the foreign decorations, orders and medals of the deceased Sovereign, 67 in number, and including all the proudest and most uiuwuiguwl-VU 1IUIIVU1O \J» WllQ WLMItVk 111 Cluistendom and even Mussulmandom — tlie Garter, the Black Eagle, the Golden Fleece, the Holy Ghost, the Elephant, and tjie Medjidie ; and after those came functionaries of the third class bearing his Majesty's seventeen other Russian orders and medals, comprising a golden one in memory of the emaucipatfon of the serfs and three others for the war of the years 1852, 1835 and 1856, the con- 1 quest of the Western Caucasus between 1659 and 1864, and the Turkish campaign of 1877-78. After these, in the care of functionaries of the second class came the crown of the kingdoms of Georgia, Jauris, Siberia, Poland, Astrakhan and Kazan, with the Imperial globe, sceptre and crown, followed by two masters and the Grand Master of the Ceremonies— all these order and insignia-bearing officials being flanked on each side by a battalion of cadet* from St Paul's Military School, marching in single file. The 13th section brought up a toper- carrying multitude of ecclesiastical persons, including the siogere of Saint Alexander Newsky and the cathedral of Notre Dame de Kazan, the clergy, the metropolitans of Novgorod and St Petersburg, the archdeacons and priests of the court, and the father con fessor of the deceased Emperor, and now at last appear* the gorgeously gut funeral car, drawn by eight horses, led by as many functionaries of the eighth class. On each corner sat four aides-de-camp of his late Majesty, the cords and tassels depending from the pall being held by eight generals and as many major generals, all in deep mourning, while at the aides of the car walked sixty liveried pageB, with burning torches. Immediately after the imposing State hearse thus escorted walked the Emperor Alexander III. in full-dress general's uniform of the Preobajenski Regiment of the Guard, looking sad and serious yet confident and composed. His Majesty being followed Viv the Ministers of his household, the Minister of War, and two or three generals of his suite, with all the members of the House present in St Petersburg, and including the Grand Dukes Vladimir, Alexis, Sergius, Paul, Constantine Sergius, Michaelovitsh, Dimitri, the three Nicholases, Peter, the two Michaels, George and Alexander — all on foot like His Majesty, with the following princes : — Roinanofisky, Leuchtenberg, Nicholas and George Maxnilianovitch Peter, Alexander, and Constantine of Oldenburg, and the Dukes George and Michael of Mecklenburg-Strelitz. Follow ing them walked the generals and aides de-camp of the Emperor, with the aides de-camp and suites of their Imperial Highnesses and the foreign Princes just mentioned, and then, preceded by a company of the grenadiers of tho palace, approached a stately mourning coach with the Empress and her children, accom panied by the Princess Marie Paulovna., wife of tlie Grand Duke wladimir, the windows of the carriage being flanked by two esquires at arms, and the rear being guarded by & couple of Cossacks. Almost similarly escorted drove in one mourning carriage the Grand Duchesses Alexanders Josephevna, daughter of the late Duke of Saxc-Alteiiburg and wife of the Grand Duke Constantine, Olga Fcodoroyna, a princess of Baden and wife of the Grand Duko Michael, with the Duchess of Edinburgh, and in another carriage the Princess Marie Maximilianovna, the Princess Koinanovsky, Duchess de Leuch tenberg, Therese Petrovna, the Princess Eugenie Maxmilianovna of Oldcnberg, and the Duchess Helene Georgievna of Mccklenberg-Strelitz. Following these came the Ladies of Honour attending on those Princesses, then tlie great Court officials, with chamberlains and gentlemen in-waiting. His late Majestj''s physicians and body servants, &c.; , five companies from as many regiments of the Guards, one buttery of Artillery, two squadroiiR of Cavalry, another battery of Horse Artil lery, and finally a squadron from the School of Cavalry Cadets. As tlie funeral car passed, all the troops along the line of route presented arms, while the bands of the various military contingents in the cortere played solemn music. On the hearse arriving at the entrance to the cathedral, in which places had been pre viously assigned, among others, to the Ambassadors, ministers, and other mem bers of the Diplomatic Corps, with their ladies, the pall was taken up by eight generals, while the Emperor, assisted by the Grand Dukes and Princes, lifted the coffin and bore it into the sacred pile, preceded oy tne metropolitan ana ciergy, and placed it on. the catafalque prepared for it, On each side of the cofiin-beareas marched six Grenadiers of the Palace without their arms, and six under-officcrs of the Guard Regiments whereof the deceased Czar was chief, with their helmets off. The steps of the catafalque being thus reached, thc; coffin-lid was taken off by eight aides- de-camp of the Emperor and laid upon a table covered with a silver cloth fringed with gold. On the upper estrade of the catafalque, on each side of the coffin, six captains of the Guard take their stand ; on the steps twelve pages ; at the foot sb many pupils from the military schools ; besides the columns supporting the canopy, four under-offi^ers of the Grenadiers of the Palace with grounded arms — all as a guard of honor ; while the entrance to the cathedral, outside and inside, is guarded by four sentinels. The coffin having been placed upon the catafalque, the Metropolitan, assisted by the superior clergy, commenced the solemn and im pressive service for the dead, in which all most fervently joined. St. Petersburg, 21st March. Enormous crowds are visiting the lying in State of the late Emperor's remains in the Fortress Church. The catafalque bearing the coffin stands in the centre of a raised platform in the form of a cross with seven steps on all sides. The plat form is covered with crimson cloth, aud the floor of the church with black cloth. A baldachin is supported above the plat form by four coIuninB, to which are attached the four ends of the cloth of gold, lined with ermine, that hangs sus pended over the bier. The huge crown shaped top of the baldachin is surmounted with white ostrich feathers. On the gold cloth of tlie canopy the Imperial arms draped in black crape are seen at intervals. Across the foot of the coffin is the gold mantle, edged with ermine. Four general aides-de-camp stand at each corner dose to the coffin, and several other officers and members of the military schools stand motionless around. One Grenadier of the palace is posted at the foot of the catafalque, which is towards the altar. At the head the priests, with lighted tapers, continually read tbc Scriptures. Clustered in semicircles round the head and foot of the coffin are the Imperial regalia and orders and decorations on gold cushions, resting on sin-^1 stools, also covered with gold doth. The lid of the coffin, covered with beautiful flowers and bearing the sword and helmet, rests on a raised structure on one side of the church. It has the simple inscription on a gold plate of the birth, accession and death of the most illustrious Alexander II. On the two sides of the church are the beautiful white marble tombs of the deceased sovereigns, the more recent ones decked with fresh flowers. The tomb of the bite Empress especially is covered with fragrant bouquets and strewed violets, the Utter having been brought from the tomb of her first son at Nice. The walls of the church are draped in black and silver. Continual streams of people press in within stated hours to take a last look st the remains of their late tsonarcli. Mounting the platform on one side between officers they each reverently bead over and kiss the hands folded on the breast, and make the sign of the cross. Many cannot restrain their emotion, and leave the church in tears. 