VICTO Itï A. Friday, Febrnary 4. Exception having been taken to Donald Camr ' bell's selection for the intercolonial match, a number of admirorB of Mainon, a Richmond club eric1 eter offered to back him for a single ' wicket match against any man in the team. .Coulthard at oneo accepted, and the match takes place for a trophy. The Australian Mortgage and Agency Company ' report:-Wo offered at auction to- day780 bales of wool. Prices wero easier for all but scoured of ' fair quality, which met with good competition ' and sold well. Quotations-Greasy, to lOgd ; Scoured,, to 18d ; and washed fleece, to 19] d. ?"" ^ J , Saturday, February 5. i The AGE publishes a violent attack on Sir ij Henry Parkes. It says :-" Sir Henry Parkes made ? the most of his opportunities at Albury. But then ' he always does improvo the shining hour; it has 1 been WB leading principle throughout life. It was í by making the most ot his opportunities that he elevated himself from tho position of a dealer in toys to that of the Piemier of New South Wales, a Knight Commander of St. Michael and St. George. His political enemies have sometimes said that in the way he makes uso of his opportunities, Sir Henry is just a little unscrupulous. This calumny was asserted of tho honourable gentleman at the time when ho con- I ducted the EMPIRE newspaper; upon tho occasions when he figured in tho Sydnej' Insolvency Court; when he hanged the wretohûd maniac Farrel ; when ho traded upon the religious animosities which periodically disgrace New South Wales ; when ho enacted a Trenson Telony Bill, which mado it a penal offence not to drink the Queen's health with three times three; when he believed, or professod to bolievo, in the Kiama ghost; when ho pardoned the bushranger Gardiner in defiance ot all rot>poctablo public opinion; and when ho destroyed the old records of the colony, in order that Bociety in Now '?South Wales might never bo made to 1 » blush for its ancestors. But then the "äpetsons who charge Sir Henry Parkes 'with hoing "unscrupulous aro his political onemiee, ' ''.fend leverybbdylçnowB thatJthe critioiBm of oae'a 41.li) J U I) . "il^ . t .1 I enemii .. ÎB apt to be a little unjust." The article tijen (pr-.-i*8eds to acknowledge tho energy and ability of Sir Henry Parkes, but accuses him of pandering to the selfish interests of the people of Riverina, in order to in- duce them to trade with Sydney, and adds " Nothing can excuse the bad form of which Sir Henry Parkes was guilty at Albury. When he lec- tured Mr. Berry uud Mr. Patterson npon tho fiscal policy of Victoria, thoy were his guests, and ho was bound to treat them with at least civility. No- thing was said by eithorof the Victorian Mmistois which could excuso the very flagrant violation of good taste by the N.S.W. Premier." 