CHILDREN'S COLUMN. GRANDFATHER'S STORIES. THE FAIBIES' GIFT. Ton might have travelled a long way ere yon had discovered grandfather's match in the way of tale-telling. His very look was big with the marvellous, as he sat in bis armchair by the fire, with at least a dozen of his grandchildren round him. As certain as winter approached, the old gen tleman prepared a budget of entertaining yarns for his youthful audience, who were sure to gather about him. And it would have done your heart good to have seen his merry face, all aglow with kindness, as he sat in the " ingle nook" smoking, and calmly contemplating the eager looks of the juveniles. "My dears, I am glad to see you all," says grandfather, laying aside his pipe in the chimney corner. " I promised to relate a series of stories. Now, which will you have—ghosts or fairieB, eh ?" The young folks voted with one acoord(for the fairies, and the narrator began— " Once upon a time two men were tramping in company through the Australian bush. One was a runaway sailor, the other a tailor. One evening, when the sun had sunk behind the bills, they heard the sound of distant musio, which became clearer and clearer. The tones were uncommon, but so inspiriting that, forget ting their weariness, the trio walked on. The moon had risen when the pair arrived at a large hill, on which they perceived a number of little men Bnd women, who had joined hands, and were whirling ronnd in a dance with great spirit and delight, and singing thereto in the sweetest manner possible, and so making the music which the travellers had heard. In the middle of the circle sat an old man, taller than the others, who wore a pink coat and an iron grey beard, so long that it reached down to his waist. The tailor and^hia companion stopped, full of wonder, and looked on at the danoers, when the old men invited them to join in, while the circle opened readily to receive them. The sailor, who ma a fearless fellow, stepped boldly into the ring, and took hands with a pretty maiden, who rewarded him with a smile that a king might envy; bnt the tailor was afraid of the wee folks, and held back. When the dance ended' the old. man took a broad-bladed knife which hung at his girdle, sharpened it,' and when it was fit he seized the sailor, and then the tailor, and shared off both their beards and hair with the greatest dispatch. Neither of the mortals offered the slightest resistance, and the fairy having completed his work tapped them both en the head in a friendly way, and at the same time pointed with his finger towards a heap of stoneB which stood on one side, and showed them, by signs, that they should fill their pockets with them. Both obeyed, though they bad a good laugh at the thought of burdening themselves with common stones. As they journeyed onward and had got beyond the hill, the sailor turned and looked back, bnt as be did so the singing ceased, all disappeared, and the ridge lay solitary in the moonshine. The two wanderers found lodgings beneath a huge gum, but forgot, through weariness, to empty their pockets of the stones. A heavy weight pressed upon their limbs more than usual, and when they awoke in the morning, lo f they could hardly believe their eyes when they discovered that the paltry pieces of rock were transformed into lumps of pure gold. They were now become quite rich; but the tailor was dissatisfied. He wanted more of the stones from the hillock. A miserly man, the more he possesses, yet desires an increase; and it so happened that our friend Snip attempted to persuade the sailor to accompany him to the old man of the hill, but the sailor answered— " Nay, friend; let well enough alone. I am content with my good fortune. This treasure will buy me land. I will marry my choice, and will settle down a happy man." The tailor laughed in scorn. "Tut," said he, " Biches are everything in this world. Here we can have gold for the asking. What a fool you will be to refuse it." The sailor was not to be reasoned out of his contentment. However, he promised to wait the return of the tailor. Strange to relate, this matter had no sooner been settled between them than the sailor found to his astonishment that his hair and beard had grown to its original length. Yet his comrade remained as bald qs a pikestaff. In the evening the tailor slung his empty blanket across bis shoulder, that {he might be well furnished, and then set out on his mission, to the enchanted hill. It was well-nigh midnight before he arrived there; and he found the fairies singing and dancing as on the previous night. " Oh! here is our timid mortal returned to< join in the elfin dance," cried the old man,, looking at the tailor with a spiteful leer. The elves opened their oircle as before, and invited him, but Snip's eyes were fixed upon the heap of stones with a covetous look. " Will you not take hands with us ?" quoth the sprite. " Pardon, Sir. I cannot dance." " Ho—ho—bo," laughed the fairy, mockingly. "Fill, fill thy pockets again, mortal. Fill, fill." The tailor did not need a second invitation, but began to load his person with the stones. The elves gathered in a ring about him as he did so, and chanted a lively refrain— " Greedy, greedy, Groby, Wite as any Toby. Discontent shall cause lament, Greedy, greedy, Groby." By the time our friend had filled his blanket,. the wee folks had vanished from the hill, and a deep silence reigned once more. Poor Snip shouldered his load, whioh was exceedingly heavy, and returned to where he had left the sailor. Long before he arrived at - his journey's end, however, his bones ached as bad as if he had received a sound thrashing: but the tailor's avarice was great, and he stag gered onward with his heavy load until he reached the tree, where he found the sailor fast asleep. The tailor did not care to awaken his companion; so, being very tired, he lay down befiide him until the morning. " Although gold' does weigh heavily, and my poor bones are aching, it is good to be rich," he murmured as be fell asleep. Judge, therefore, what was his astonishment, on awaking at daylight, to find that the pieces of rock he had borne from the hill, at the cost of so much pain, were trans formed into a swarm of frogs, who seemed to be - amusing themselves at their favourite game, leapfrog, over the sailor's prostrate body. Nor was this the only surprise which awaited the tailor; for he perceived that during the night a hump had made its appearance between his shoulders, and this, together with his bald bead,, made him appear very odd and foolish. He began to complain bitterly at his misfortune,, for be recognised in it the punishment of his covetoUBness. The sailor laughed heartily when he awoke and saw his comrade; but he was a generous - fellow, and said, "Don't grieve, mate. Here are my lumps of gold all right. We have been, companions in our travel, therefore I will share - my treasure with you." And the sailor kept his word, but the poor tailor was bald and humpbacked for the rest o££ his life. 