Mr. Spoopendyke's Sponse. SHE DISAGREES WITH AS TO THE LADIES HE SHALL CALL UPON. "Now, my dear," said Mr. Spoopendyke, "let me see the list of ladies you want me to call on. I really don't care to go around much, but a man ought to do what his wife wants him to do on New Year's day. Where's the list ?" " Here U v,' T Mid Kn. Spoopendyke, fluttering around with her hair in her mouth. " I wrote them all out with the addresses for you, so you wouldn't have any trouble." M What makes you put old Sister Lamb at the head of the list?" growled Mr. Spoopendyke. M She's got a wart ob her chin the aiie of a fire* bell, and she can't talk anything but the advan tages of egg over store coal for heating the Sun* day-school/ 41 But she belongs to the church, and I don't believe any one else will call on her," reasoned Mrs. Spoopendyke. "She'll be tickled to death to see you." * What do you think I'm starting out for}" demanded Mr. Spoopendyke fiercely. " Qot an idea I'm going around like a missionary, to carry the Gospel to people everybody cUe is afraid of f Who's this? What's this second name here? Who's Mrs. S-h-k-l-y-m-b-r-e-t-o-v ?' 14 That's Mrs. Wolverton. I promised her you would call. Never mind Mrs. Lamb, but you ought to call on Mr*. Wolverton." " What for ? What has «he got in common with me, except that her bones are hollow ? She don't know tho difference between a Guinea pig sad the burning of Jerusalem. Always wants to know if I don't think Sodom and Gomorrah were parables. Is that the kind of list you've made out ? Want me to run around among the old monument*. Who's Mrs. Swash ?" "That's Mrs. Smith, toe little widow. You know she's interested in sending women out West to get husbands. She'll amuse you." "She will if she seeß me. She'll make me laugh like a hyena if she gets one eye on me. Who's that yellow-headed girl that sits two pews in froat of us ? I'd call on her, now." "She's a little chit of a thing. You don't want to ran after those young people—a man of your •gel" "What's the reason I don't?" howled Mr. Spoopendyke. " Got an idea that I only care for the tough old people, haven't you ? Think I'm ft sort of Plymouth Rook, don't you ? Got any more old landmarks that need inspection ?" " I don't care !" remonstrated Mrs. Spoopen dyke, indignantly; " they're nice people, and I like to cultivate them. They may be along in Ufa, but they can't help it." "Cultivate 'em, if you want to," growled Mr. Spoopendyke ; „" but if you think I'm going hoeing around aslong 'em on the Ist of January, you're left What d'ye want to cultivate 'em for? With your friends and ideais, you only need weekly prayers and an alarm of fire to be an old woman's home. Who else have you got here ? Mrs. Sliggonspratt, Mrs. Woptenslougb, Miss K-i-m-p.«.f " "You don t read them right at all," complained Mrs. Spoopendyke. "That's Mrs. Silverspoon, and Mrs. Worthington, and Mies Hemmingway. They are just as nice as they can be." " Are they the three old worthies who howl in the choir?" asked Mr. Spoopendyke, sternly. " They've got a grandson old enough to be my father." "They haven't," sobbed Mrs. Spoopendyke. "You know better." " Well, most of 'm have. What d'ye want me to call on them for ? Got any more old almanacs expecting me? Where's the Sphinx? Yon haven't got the Sphinx down here, nor the Tower of BabeL Whore theee other pyramids!" Who's Mr*. Uptidedown I" "That's Mrs. Edgerton. Bhe sent you the jelly when you were rick, and you ttid she was tha best woman in Brooklyn. You'll hare to call on her lor politeness," said Mrs. Spoopendyke, severely. " I won't either," shouted Mr. Spoopendyke. " The jolly was sour, and she made me pay a dollar toward a plaater-of'paris angel for a starring family out in Flatbuah. Who's this other nurse of George Washington's t Here, this is a mistake —I went to old Mita Bchumslock'» funeral thirty years ago." "You didn't! You never didf proclaimed Mrs. Spoopendyke, thoroughly aroused. "That isn't her name, either. It's Miss Sohofield, and she is the beat friend I've got. I only want——" MI know what you want," hissed Mr. Spoopen* dyke. " You want a few more acquaintance* and a map, to be a guide book to ancient Troy. Think I'm going to oall on that old monolith 1 Got anything here that belongs to modern times T Know anybody who has been dug up within six or eight centuries ? Who's that black-eyed girl in the Bible class ? Don't she hang out a flag to-day ?" "I wouldn't look at her," sniffed Mrs. Spoopen* dyke. " I wouldn't have you go there for worlds. Besides, she don't receive." "What'sthis!" demanded Mr. Spoopendyke. M What's Mrs. W-i-m-p-q-B-t-v-x-q got to do with it ? What cemetery will I find her in V "That's Mrs. Willoughby," explained Mrs. Spoopendyke, complacently. " Slurs the young widow who recently joined the church." "I don't mind calling on her," said Mr. Spoopendyke. " She wasn't born more'n 4000 years before the Christian era, Got any more like her 1 Does this measly list oontain anybody else who wasn't the mother of the Chinese Empire ? Think of any more gravestones that haven't had the epitaphs worn off?" M No," replied Mrs. Spoopendyke, ooldly," and, now I remember, Mrs. Willoughby reoeives calls with friends, in Buffalo." " Dod gast your dod gasted list!" howled Mr. Spoopendyke, dancing on the unhappy document. " What d'ye think I am—a ghoul ? S'pose I'm going to prance around among all the measly old ghosts in Brooklyn ? S'pose I'm going to swash around, and eat cake and drink lemonade with a lot of illustrations of the silurisn period ? Think I'm going to spend the day with a lot of articu lated old skeletons just because they belong to the same church that Ido ?" And Mr. Spoopen* dyke popped out of the home like a bang.— Brooklyn Eagle. 