EPITOME OF NEWS. t3T We compile the following Summery of Colonial events from the various journals to hand A MOST distressing case of criminal assault has turned up at Yerong Creek, near Wagga Wagga, where a man named Plummer, a schoolmaster, is said to have committed the offence upon a little girl aged eleven years, daughter of a man named Barter, a fettler on the railway. The child has been brought into the Wagga Hospital, and the police went in search of Plummer, who had decamped, but they arrested him last week, when he was brought before the court and remanded. In view of receut gambling transac tions, the Ararat Advertiser suggests the passing of a one-clause bill to the fol lowiny effect:—44 No cheque, scrip, se cni i property of any kind that may b.- .-veil .i-hypothecated for a gambling trau.i-ction of any description shall be tr insferahle to a third party, but must be held and realised by the person who has so obtained such cheque, scrip, security, or property." That would at one blow crush two-thirds of the sharks of Mel bourne, rescue the foolish, and send the sharks to earn a living by honest labour. A " lifer" was discharged from Pen tridge Stockade on Friday (the Even ing Maid states) after having served 20 years. At the time he was sentenced his confederate in crime was executed, and the inmate of the subsequent 20 years at Pen tridge had his punishmeut mitigated to a life's sentence on a point of law which the Judge who tried him considered was on extenuating circumstance in his favour. However, the man has made some amands for his p*Bt career of crime by conducting himself well during the long period he has been at Pentridge, as he was never re ported for misconduct. A little boy named Holmes, bix years old, while sitting on Campbell's Wharf, Brisbane, recently, was run over by a trolly. The child was carried home in sensible, and died almost immediately. John Hayes, a prisoner at St. Helena, Moreton Bay, has committed suicide by drowning himself. A horse, in Macquarie-street, Hobart, was frightened by a passing train re cently. It stopped suddenly, gave one or two trembles, and then dropped dead in the shafts. The Wild River Independent of the 8th contains the following particulars of a fatal accident that occurred the previous day :—" A man named Fred, driving for Mr. Whittaker, was accidentally killed about five miles from Nigger Creek. It appears that the deceased and Whittaker were riding upon a load of timber. There was a log lying in the road, and Whittaker told deceased to go around it, and advised him to get off the dray, at the same time getting off the dray himself. The de ceased drove over the log, upsetting the dray, and burying himself underneath. When the body was released life was ex tinct." We (Rockhampton BoixfeTiN) have seen (through the courtesy of Inspector Brit tain) a letter from Mr. Miles, of Mount Elsie, detailing the circumstances of the finding of a swag near a waterliole on the Cape River. The swag was some dis tance off the road, and in a place rarely visited by anyone on account of the rocky and rough ground. It is six miles from Mount Elsie, and Mr. Miles made a care ful search of the waterhole, which is very deep, and has a rocky bottom, without finding the body or any traces of the acci dent. He thinks that the deceased placed his swag down intending to catch fish from an over- hanging sandstone rock, which seems to have given way with him from the high bank into the water. Mr. Justice Windeyer in sentencing the prisoner Went to death at the recent Maitland Assizes, for attempted murder, is thus reported :—" His Honor said it was a shocking thing to see a youth of his age in the position he was in. No one who heard the evidence could doubt but that the verdict had been forced upon the jury—that he intended to take life when he fired. He reviewed the circumstances of the case. By their recommendation the jury had returned a discriminating verdict. He would communicate the re commendation to the Executive—his fate rested with them. He pointed out the reckless way in which young people used firearms, not having the feeling of respon sibility which older people with wives and families depending npon them had. In the meantime he would entreat him to consider his position—his life hung on the will of the Executive, who would have to decide his fate. It would be wrong for him to hold out any hope, he should pre pare for the worst, and if mercy was ex tended to him, and he suffered a severe punishment, the circumstance should in duce him to repent his folly. He should remember the shadow of death was upon him. After silence had been proclaimed his Honor passed sentence of death upon prisoner in the customary impressive form." * On Saturday last (says the Temora Herald) although there was a large at tendance of persons at Messrs. Warby and Orbell's sales of horses, shares, pro perty, &c.;, the bidding was very slow, and it required more than the usual per suasive power of our local knight of the hammer to arouse the latest bids from those present. After passing several lots without a bid, the auctioneer, dis gusted at such, remarked to his au dience that he did not believe that they could bid for anything at all that after noon—not even a bank note if it were offered. And in order to test the mst ter he pnlled one from his pocket—a *' tenner" and offered it. A start was made at £5, and it speedily ran up to £9 19s. 6d., when it was knocked* down at that figure. The purchaser paid his money, and took possession of the note, and left satisfied at having made sixpence one nobbier—by the transaction. Soon after this the purchaser of the note returned and wanted the money back, stating that the £10 note was a Victorian one, and the etorekeeper where he changed it charged him 5s. for exchange. We need hardly say that the auctioneer pointed out the conditions of sale, which com prised "that purchasers would hare to take delivery of their goods with all faults, errors of descriptions, &c.;, so that the auctioneer had actually netted 4s. 6d. by the transaction. The Victorian night schools will pro bably be closed at the end of the present year. . It was rumoured in town (says the Cooktown Herald) recently that In spector Fitzgerald's party had atrnck gold at Hell's Gate, but we could not dis cover any reliable confirmation of what wonld be good news to us all. Mr. Vale, late Attorney General of Victoria, declared recently in the Victor ian Assembly that the arrest of bandsman Yates, of H.M.S. Bacchante, under war rant from Commodore Wilson, was an insult to the entire people of Victoria. Sir B. O'Loghlen defended the commo dore's action. One of the young ladies by the Sir William Wallace (says the Townsville Herald) did not remain single long after her arrival. Her intended reached Townsville hy the down boat on Sunday, from Thornborough, and the Rev. Mr. Douglas made the two one the following day, so that they were able to proceed on their way to the goldfields by the up boat on Wednesday. There was nothing extraordinary, however, in the pair being married after sixteen years1 courtship. The Mack ay Standard writes :— Apropos of the successful canvassing visit made by Bishop Stanton, of N.Q., to England—result, £5000—it may be men tioned that at home they call the colonial bishops who visit the "tight little is land" and seek donations for their dio cese, " returned empties." An army of caterpillars have (says the Milton Times) laid siege to Mr. James Simmons' and Mr. W. H. Wilford's farms. They have already completely destroyed 12 acres of oats, which were about a foot high on Mr. Simmons' farm, and they are still on the march leaving ruin in their tracks. Mr. Wilford has been a considerable loser, a good deal of his grass land being devoured by these hungry pests. Would it not be well to use a heavy roller and by this means destroy the caterpillars. Mr. Harold Maclean, Comptroller of Prisons (remarks the Yaks Courier), has been in Yass for several days past. It is ' reported that the visit has some connec tion with the intended resignation of Mr. Fitzgerald, the gaoler, in consequence of long-continued ill-health. Mr. Fitzge rald's first appointment tinder the Go vernment was in 1859, and he has been governor of the Yass gaol since 1863. For nearly two years past he has been unable to perform his duties as gaoler. The Hon. Thomas M'Hwraith, of Queensland, has given ont of £100 to the Bishop O'Qninn memorial fund. A man at X&ockhampton;, who is teach ing Australians how to ride, has wagered £20 that he can take any wild unhandled four or five year old horse in a small yard, and without any cruelty to the animal, catch him and put on the bridle and saddle, and mount and ride him in the yard, in the naked English saddle, with out a crupper. He is to have no assist ance and to accomplish all within the hour. The Toowoomba Chronicle says:— Toowoomba Gaol: From the sheriff's report on gaols for the year 1880 we learn that the net value of the work performed by the female prisoners amounted to £131 15s. Cd. The werk done consisted of making flannel shirts, jackets, frocks, Ac., and the value of the articles is returned as £545 15s. 9d. Against this is to be estimated the cost of the material, and £28 worth of material on hand, leaving a balance of earnings in favour of the gaol of £13115s. 6d. The Maryborough Standard writes : —"The Crown grant forgeries continue to occupy public attention. From recent circumstances which have come to light it is almost certain that Roakins has had the belt made for himself, and has taken his money away in gold instead of notes. A photo, has been shown to us which un doubtedly is that of Hoskins, although the face is somewhat thinner, and is fur nished with a splendid pair of whiskers. In tracing him it will have to be remem bered that he is a born actor, and the fa cility with which he assumed different characters, both in speech and appearance, was something marvellous. In connection with the affair, we may state that up to the present only two of the forged grants have been discovered, although we see that most of the papers say there are three. The amount lent by tbe gentle men in Dunolly is £1150. Of this sum £850 was lent on the grants, and £300 on other instruments. It has not yet been ascertained where the latter were ob tained ; but it is known they were not procured from tbe same office as the grants." The E. News saysCnrious Action about a Coffin : In the District Court yesterday (Tuesday), before Judge Cohen, John Callaud, a bricklayer, sued Messrs. J. and G. Shying, undertakers, of George street, Sydney, and claimed £200 as dam ages, under the following circumstances : —Plaintiff's wife was confined of a still born child in the month of October, and the plaintiff went to Shying's shop, where he saw George Shying, Jun., who agreed to supply a coffin similar to the one he showed the plaintiff, and carry out the interment for £1, which the plain tiff paid him. A coffin was delivered, and the body placed in it and taken away by young Shying, and the next day plaintiff went to Shying's shop to attend the burial with the undertakers at the Necropolis. He was told the corpse had gone, and on arrival couldn't find tbe coffin, but found a deal box, which was produced in court, on which was written " Mrs. Callsnd's child, C. of E." The initials meant Church of England. He took the box and corpse away, and made other arrange ments for the burial. He found on open ing the box that the child was in an awk ward position, snd that the nose was crushed and discoloured. He saw young Shying, who said he had been told by his father, G. Shying, Sen., to move the child. The coffin, plaintiff said, was used for the burial of som9 one else's child. The 1st count of plaintiff's claim was for the unlawful conversion of the coffin, the 2nd connt for breach of contract as to the coffin, and the 3rd connt for breach of the agreement as to the burial, and dese cration of the corpse. The Judge directed j the Jury principally to tbe clause alleg ing the conversation, and Baid that as to the second count there had been a deli very ; and as to the law courts, in cases of this kind, they could not assess people's feelings and give damages in respect of them. The damages would be those aris ing out of the conversion of the coffin, which had cost £1. The Jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff, with 40s. dam ages. The Toowoomba Chronicle says:— Yesterday's Brisbane Daily Observer contains a half column apology to Mr. W. Hemmant, for having published a letter signed by Mr. C. Lumley Hill, M.L.A., with an editorial foot-note suggesting cer tain imputations of incendiarism in regard to a fire at Stewart and Hemmant's pre mises, in Brisbane in 1864. The article concludes as follows :—" We express our profound regret that we admitted into the columns of the Observer anything that could be considered as amounting to such gross and unfounded imputations as alleged to be contained in the letter and note, and we agree to pay all costs in curred by him as between solicitor and client, to pay £100 as a donation in his name to the building fuDd of the Girls' Giammar School in Brisbane, and to pub lish this apology in such papers as his so licitors may name.—The Editor and Pub lisher of the Daily Observer." We (E. News) learn that the position of Primary Judge, rendered vacant by the retirement of Judge Hargrave, has been offered to Sir William Manning. The Cooktowjt Courier says Chi ne»e Lepers : Two more cases of leprosy have recently been discovered in Cook town, and immediate steps have been taken to isolate the unfortunate victims. Mr. St. George lost no time in telegraph ing to the Colonial Secretary for instruct ions, and in accordance with his snggest | ion, he has been empowered to place them j on some uninhabited island. Pending the Police Magistrate's return from Thorn j borough, however, the two lepers have j been sent to the North Shore. A tent ( has been provided for theiraccommodation, t and a plentiful supply of rations for their , sustenance. These make three cases of j leprosy that have been discovered in our ' midst, while others have been reported, but not yet brought to light. It behoves the Board of Health to look well into this i matter, with a view, if possible, to the j discovery of further victims, should any j unfortunately remain hidden in Cook- • town. The question has become a very serious one, and requires to be met with promptitute and great vigilance, in order to prevent the spread of this most terrible and loathsome disease. At the Mndgee District Court, recently, an alderman, who was witness in a case, said he could not define drunkenness, as it depended on the composition and cariy ing capacity; but he had himself got through as many as 80 glasses in a day. The Newcastle Herald says:—An other Child Drowned in a Tank : When will the records of unfortunate innocents losing tbeir -lives by drowning in the Newcastle district come to an end ? It is with pain that we have to record yet another victim to tank drowning in this neighbourhood. Yesterday (Monday), between four and five p.m., an alarm was raised near St. John's C.E., Lake Road, that a child was drowning in a tank. The neighbours quickly flocked to the spot, and it was found that a son of Mr. Kebblewhite, living close at hand, had fallen down an unprotected tank a con siderable height, and had sunk to the bottom. Mr. Swain, travelling agent for Messrs. Panter and Parry, of Sydney, ran to the spot, and after probing the tank with a clothes prop, succeeded in bringing to the surface the lifeless body of the child, a fine little fellow of some fonr or five years. It is said that the mouth of this trap wss only secured by some old boards and a large stone, and the neighbours hesrd a splash as the child fell, but attributed it to some one getting water with a draw-bucket. In view of the unaccountable frequency of like ac cidents lately, stringent steps should be taken—and those right speedily—to put their recurrence ont of the question. A report is given in the Kyneton Guardian of a magisterial enquiry into the death of Mr. Tyndol Dewsbury Thornton, who was found dead in the snow at Hesket, Mount Macedon, on the morning, Oct 21. From the evi dence it appears that the deceased pe rished while in a state of intoxication. He left his home secretly, unknown to his wife, at nine o'clock ou the night of the 20th, after having had a considerable quantity of drink, and made his way to a public house abont two miles distant, where lie had some more nobblers, and purchased a bottle of whisky, with which, after having the cork drawn, he started on his return journey. The night was a most tempestuous one, and the snow was falling thickly, and the supposition is that the deceased fell down at the spot where he was found, about one hundred yards from the hotel, and being either nnableor unwilling to rise, had recourse to the whisky bottle, and having drunk himself into a state of stupefaction fell into a sleep from which be never wakened. His body was found in the morning covered up with snow, with the whisky bottle half empty in a perpendicular position along side of him. An address of condolence to Mrs. Gar field from the Brisbane Corporation will be forwarded by the out-going San Fran cisco mail steamer. Bad news with respect to the crops comes from all parts of South Australia, and it is feared the average will not be above that obtained last year. A case of considerable importance as affecting insolvency proceedings in this colony (says the Brisbane Courier) was heard at Ipswich on Saturday. One im portant object in the passing of the Insol vency Act was to prevent one creditor ob taining undue advantage over others in the disposition of the estate of the insol 1 vent. It has, however, recently been de j cided in England that the insolvency law ' does not vitiate a writ of elegit—a form i of procedure first authorised under an old ! act of Edward I., and greatly extended by ' 1 and 2 Vic., c. 110, and that a creditor proceeding under such a writ prior to the debtor being adjudicated insolvent is ex empted from the operation of that part of the insolvency law, providing for an equal distribution of the estate of the in solvent. The procedure by means of a writ of elegit, which covers all the debtor's property " except his oxen and beast's of the plough," was issued on the 18th in stant, by Messrs. Hancock and Sons, of Ipswich, against James Berry, a carpenter and builder, and after certain proceed ings required under the writ including the trial of certain questions by a Jury, had been gone through, the whole of Berry's property—except his furniture, which we believe the plaintiffs did not seek to obtain—was handed over to Messrs. Hancock, notwithstanding that Berry had in the meantime been ad judged insolvent. Under these circum stances the insolvency proceedings will be practically useless. This is the first time the procedure mentioned has been taken advantage of in this colony, if not in Aus tralia, but now that it has been com menced probably others will follow a similar course, and unless an amending Act is soon passed a good deal of injustice may be the result. Telegram from Fordwich, in Saturday's Mercury :—Constable Lynn, of Single ton, while on duty here yesterday, met with a sad and almost fatal accident. From what we can learn, his horse bolted, throwing him against a fence, inflicting a scalp wound, rendering him unconscious for some hours, and breaking his right leg in two places below the knee. Dr. Read was telegraphed for, and attended the sufferer. This morning he was removed to the Singleton Hospital. Melbourne, Friday :—The debate on the education commission excites little interest. It is expected the Government will have a good majority.—The steamer Despatch returned after an unsuccessful search after the B&lclutha.; All hope of the latter's safety is abandoned.—A man residing at Bulla Bulla was bitten on the finger by a snake, and immediately chopped the finger off and went to the hospital, where he is recovering.—James Egan Wall, practising for many years as a doctor at Sandhurst, without a diploma, j was found guilty of manslaughter of a young woman who died under his treat- j ment, and was remanded for sentence, i He was subsequently sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment. j The Braidwood Dispatch says:—A j Disgusting Exhibition : While it is part of the policeman's duty to impound horses and cattle found straying about the streets, it is bIso his bounden duty to prevent cruelty to the former when at work at the hands of those who have no respect for the carcases of any animals except their own worthless one. On Monday evening a disgusting exhibition occurred on the *' Jew's Hill," as it used to be familiarly called, from the bridge over Monkittee Creek to the Commercial Hotel, and despite cries of " Shame from passers-by who witnessed the cruel sight, it was carried on with renewed vigour by the heartless ruffian who had charge of two horses which were attached to a dray laden with wood—in fact, over laden. The poor horses pulled well, and is soon as they started the load the driver began flogging the shaft-horse until it stopped and kicked—thiB exhibition being repeated a dozen times at least. It is bad enough to turn two horses into the street to seek a precarious living, but it as doubly worse to ill-use tbem in this cruel manner, when they are doing their best to serve their heartless master, who leaves them to pick up a living at night in the best way they can. For more than three years Mr. W. Gracie, brewer, Hobart, has (says the Hobart Mercury) from time to time missed from his cash drawer sums of money, and he has been unable to trace the robberies to, the guilty one. Time after time he had missed £1, £2, £5, and even more, and yet he has had no clue to the thief. On Saturday afternoon last a customer called upon him and paid him four £5 notes in settlement of an account. These he put away carefully in his cash drawer. On Mouday morning be went, as usual, to his office, and on inspecting his cash he missed one of the £5 noteB. He at once informed Mr. Superintendent Pedder, who despatched D. C. Kemp to the premises to prosecute soch search as he might find necessary. D. C. Kemp made a thorough search, among other places of the room of a servant girl named Mary Jane Smith, whom Mr. Gracie had never suspected, and the constable was rewarded by finding the missing £5 note, together with two other £5 notes, 29 £1 notes, £19 10s. in gold, and £9 18s. 2d. in silver, in all £73 8s. 2d. Besides this money there was a quantity of linen and wearing apparel, which was identified by the members of Mr. Gracie's family, found in Smith's bedroom, and also se veral ball dresses and other finery, includ ing gold watches, lockets, and jewel lery. The Orange Liberal says :—A Mali cious Act : On Sunday night a rascally act was committed at the Orange Railway station, which, if the designs of the pe petrators had not been frustrated, would inevitably have led to serious results. On the arrival of the mail from Dubbo, the engine is detached from the train and shunted on a loop line, retracing the main line again to proceed to the tank for water. On Sunday night, the pointsman, having shunted the engine from the loop line to the main line at the back of the carriages to proceed to the tank, left the points for a few minutes. When pressing the points on returning, to allow the en gine to pass over on the way back, he found the points would not work, and immediately gave the danger signal, and stopped the approaching engine. On ex amination, it was found three stones had been inserted in the points, during the temporary absence of the pointsman, which held the points open. Through the timely discovery, a serious catastrophe was prevented, as the engine must other wise have run with great force into the passenger carriages standing on the main line. It is reported (says the Times) that a cave has during the past few days been discovered at Single's Creek, between two and three miles from Murrurundi. It is stated to be on the bank of a running stream, and to be hidden by a bush at its mouth. It is very wide inside, of con siderable depth, and would afford comfort ablesbelterto 500 sheep. Some long white hair, supposed to be human, and the re mains of a fire were discovered in it. It is notified in the Brisbane Gazette that the attention-of the Government hav ing been directed to the fact that there are, amongst the aboriginals in various parts of the colony a number of half-caste children, for whose education and moral training it is deemed advisable that im mediate steps should be taken, benches of magistrates, members of the police force, and others are requested to procure the arrest of all such children, with the view of treating them as " neglected children" under the Industrial and Reformatory Schools Act of 18G5. Any of those so ar rested who may be too young for deten tion in tbe Reformatory schools at Too woomba or Lytton, under the provisions or that Act, will be admitted to the near est orphanage, upon application being made in the manner provided for in the Orphanages Act of 1879, and the regula tions thereunder. The Warwick Observer says :—We do not often deal with snakes in Dalby proper, but a most startling event oc curred this afternoon, which we are happy to say has resulted in no serious conse quences. It appears that Dr. Byrn, who was about giving his horse a feed, put his hands into a bag of com, but speedily drew them out holding a black snake about four feet and a half long. As he threw the reptile from his hands it scratched the doctor's thumb, who imme diately beat it with a stick, disabling it, and then discharged his gun into it. He then scarified the wound and sucked it. Mr. Comley soon came to his assistance, and kept the doctor moving about for some hours, giving him repeated draughts of brandy and ammonia until all danger was at an end. The doctor, we are happy to say, had quite recovered the following morning, and no ill effects are apprehended. The Whitehall Review says:—Mr. J. Henniker Heaton, the proprietor, with his brother-in-law, of the Town and Coun try Journal and Evening News, two well- known and very popular Sydney papers, has had a cordial reception in London, and has been struck with a happy idea. Shortly after his arrival in England Mr. Heaton found a mezzotint of Lord Sydney, Secretary of State for the Co lonies in 1787, and a great friend of Cap tain Cook, the discoverer of Australia. From this engraving Mr. Heaton has had an admirable half-length portrait painted by a rising young artist, Mr. Stuart, and intends to present it to the inhabitants of Sydney, in whose fine Town Hall it is to be hung. The portrait is an exact copy of of the original, the costume is perfect, and the picture will be a most interesting sou venir to the Sydney people of the states man who gave his name to their town. Joseph Bums, a tsilor, at Adelaide, has been committed for trial on an infor mation laid by the Bank of New South Wales for issuing promissory notes in imitation of bank notes. George BearrI, better known as the In-1 dian doctor, eras sued by his wife at the j Central Police Court this afternoon (re- I marks Friday's E. News) for tnainten- ■ ance. The prosecutrix, a delicate look- : ing young woman, deposed that defendant had turned her out of her lodgings a week ago, and had since refused to support her. A witness named William Henry caused some amusement. He said that he had | been a patient of the "doctor," and called i upon him last Friday in order that he 1 might do something for his eyes. The i doctor demanded 10s. before he would j open his mouth, and the patient paid ! him. The fee had the desired effect, but | when the doctor did open his mouth it i was only to ask for £7 more, for which , sum he said he would cure him. The pa tient then, according to his own evidence, departed without treatment, the doctor iustead having treated him to a short story of his domestic infelicity. A ver dict for the payment of 10s. per week for 12 months was recorded by consent. The wife was then charged with having used threatening language, but the Bench failed to agree upon the evidence before them, and the case was struck out. This case was also productive of interest in the shape of a peculiar witness. She was an Austrian lady, and although a Roman Catholic, did not care to be sworn on the Bible, preferring rather to be sworn while lifting her hand with three fingers ex tended. A constable asked what Blie meant by extending the fingers, and she replied that tbey represented the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, After a little per Boasion she got over her scruples and kissed the Holy Book. Bathurst, Friday.—The jury empan elled to find whether the prisoner Omini Oonbono, charged with rape at Spring Grove, in July last, was sane or other wise, returned a verdict that he was feign- ; ing madness, and was well able to under- ] stand the position in which he waB placed. 1 The case was then proceeded with. The ■ evidence was clear and conclusive, and i the Jury, after a short deliberation, I brought in a verdict of guilty. Sir j Geo. Innes, in sentencing the prisoner to 1 death, said that he did not think it neces sary to enlarge upon the enormity of the offence prisoner had been convicted of, 1 and earnestly advised kira to think of the 1 position in which he was placed. His case, in due course, would be considered by the Executive, but he could not hold out the slightest hope that the sentence would not be carried out. Outrages like the prisoner had been convicted of could not be committed with impunity, and merited a swift and just retribution. During the hearing of the case prisoner behaved in a most viuleut manner, and frequently poured out a volley of oaths and obscenity at the witnesses. When the Court adjourned for luneli, prisoner made a desperate attempt to destroy him self in the gaol by knocking his head against the wall. | Friday's E. News says :—Scene in the Preabyterian Assembly: The Anglican Synod fell out on the subject of the | Psalms of David, and last night quite a i scene took place at the Presbyterian As ! sembly in consequence of a statement by ! the Rev. Dr. White to the effect that he had been informed that the native teach ers of the New Hebrides filled the two fold office of imparters of elementary scripture truths with that of personal at I tendance on their white collahorateurs. i A good deal of virtuous indignation was | manifested, and the Rev. Dr. Giekie said in his 17 years' experience in the church ! he had never witnessed so disgraceful a i scene. The Congregational Union is not ] so ambitious as the two beforementioned ! ecclesiastical bodies, and has met and | parted without any bickering, and has ! got through a great quantity of work to I boot. A lady in Sydney has dreamt that 1 j Spinningdale won the Melbourne Derby, , Wandering Jew the Cup, and Mistake the i Maribyrnong Plate. I "^Egles" writes:—There isa sheepowner : on the Billabong who obtained his earliest ! lambing (down) experiences as landlord of j a publichouse. A shearer, who writes as j though l),e were an honest man, says that | before work commenced this year the ! hands enquired what price was to be j charged them for mutton. Tbey were in | formed 3d. per lb. They remonstrated, 1 and urged that the customary rule of 10s. ! per head for wethers and 7s. Cd. for ewes i should be adopted. After some hesitation 1 the master agreed, and recommended them I a Chinainan as cook, to which they agreed. ! When shearing was about over Mr. Blank | obtained from the cook the book which I contained the entrieB of mutton and ra { tions consumed, and when the time of settlement came round stated that he bad lost it, but " to make things straight he had determined to charge the men only 15s. 8d. per week each," which he de ducted from their cheques. The shearers vainly protested, bnt without effect, as the owner was protected by a six-foot over seer, primed with corn whisky. They rea lised fully the position of the shearer shorn. The Albubv Banker says that a very singular case is likely to come before the Divorce Court shortly. The petitioner is a young fellow, named M'Evoy, who has been following squatting pursuits, and he alleges that in the year 1873 he was be guiled, while under the influence of a pro tracted state of intoxication, at Hay, in New South Wales, into marriage with a woman several years his senior, who was known in Hay by the sobriquet of " The Canary." He came to his senses four days after tbe marriage, refused to live with his wife, who was a barmaid in the town, and subsequently he discovered that she had committed adultery at Bal larat. At the time of the wedding the bridegroom was nineteen years of age, and bis bride thirty-one, and he further al leges that she admitted to him that she only consented to wedlock in order to ex tort some money out of liim. These statements are set forth in tbe petition, and altogether the case is likely to exemplify a peculiar phase of colonial life when it is heard. Will Honeycomb, of the Debeo Dis patch, writes :—We have had a " Go-aa you Please" in Dubbo, and one of them is quite enough to satisfy the strongest stomach. On Tuesday evening, as the pair of unfortunates, who had been for twenty-six hours walking round the Ma sonic Hall, were staggering along, a most sensible remark was made. " Look here, we have a law against cruelty to animals, such as horses, &c.; Why have no law against cruelty to man ?" The crowd that filled the hall was a characteristic one. Boys lolled and slept on the seats —women jostled men out of the way— and, as the contestants stepped along, they were submitted to jeers, jokes, and such crieB as—"go it, Scotty " Step it out, little 'un " Put it on, old joker and so on. The men, close on 10 o'clock, looked as though they had been through a sausage machine. Their faces were haggard and bloodless. Their legs qui vered beneath them, and so weak was one that as the other passed liim and slightly shoved him, he fell to the ground. All his strength was expended. These feats of endurance may be *11 right, when engaged in by trained pedestrians, but when entered upon by men in no condi tion to keep up a lengthened walk, they are positively cruel and disgusting. f hope we have seen the last of them in Dubbo. Also :—Here is a relic of the past. It was unearthed at Gulgong not long ago, and gives a tolerably good idea of bow things went in the *' old colonial days." It is a copy of an invoice :—Sydney, 17th June, 1808. Mr. Bought of Campbell and Co. 1 cliest of Hyson tea, £25 10s. ; 1 caddie of Souchong ditto, £12 IGs. ; I tub of sugar-candy .£9; 1 basket of tobacco, 57 lb. net, at 10s., £28 10s.; 1 piece of print, 28 yards, 4b. 6d., £2 0s.; lcask of Cape Madeira, 19gallopsl4s., £13 Gs. ; 10 pieces of Nankeen, 12s. 6d., £6 5s. ; total, £97 7s. They knew how to charge in these days. If our store keepers could now get such prices, there would soon be any amount of millionaires and—poor houses. The Sydney cor. of the same journal writes:—Sir Henry Parkes' health, though slightly improved, is not what his friends would wish. It is very shaky, and the only hope of a complete re covery, is that he may be induced to take a lengthened rest. To look at him now in the Assembly, you can at once see the falling away—that he is breaking up fast. The voice has lost its eilvery ring, and though occasionally he fires up and is something like his former self, the effort is succeeded by a sort of lassitude, which gives you the idea of believing that Sir Henry, during the fit, does not care much how things go. I verily believe that if he could leave office to-morrow honorably, nothing would so much please him as to pack up his carpet bag and clear out. Friday's Echo says :—Both Houses yesterday agreed to the sepcisl adjourn ment for the opening of the Bathurst Juvenile Exhibition, although the Go vernment made a formal show of resisting the proposal. In the Upper Honse the only dissentient was Sir John Robertson, whose opposition was of a very good-na tnred character, and who contented him self with expressing the opinion that the adjournment was not wanted for the Ju venile Exhibition, but to enable "a few hoary-headed old larrikins to attend the Melbourne Cup." Mr. George Thorn ton admitted the soft impeachment so far as the desire to attend the Melbourne Cup was concerned, but not as to hoary headedness or age ; and as it was clearly ) understood that if the adjournment were not granted there would be no quorum on Wednesday, Mr. Suttor's motion to ad journ till Thursday next was agreed to.— In the Assembly, Mr. Webb moved that the House, at its rising, on Tuesday next, should adjourn till Thursday, but an amendment by Mr. Garrett was adopted to the effect that the House should ad journ from Friday till next Thursday. The fact that many members intended to avail themselves of their free railway passes to attend the Melbourne Cup meet ing was again used as an argument in favour of adjourning ; and as the matter had been practically settled among mem bers beforehand, Sir Henry Parkes, who was the only member who spoke against the adjournment, offered very half- hearted opposition. Out of the 12 who voted j against the adjournment, only five were private members. The Postmaster Gene ral, being one of the members for Ba thurst, refrained from voting. Ab the Hcuse has lately shown a strong disincli nation to sit on Friday nights, the pro bability is there will be little or no work done to-night, and the business of Par liament will, therefore, be suspended for a week to enable members to attend the Melbourne races and a juvenile exhibition. We (Herald) are liappy to be able to | report that the alleged mysterious epi demic said to have broken out near Ry dal, in the Western district, proves to be far less serious than it was represented to be. The Government, immediately on I the matter being reported to them, used erery endeavour to find out the nature of the disease, the extent to which it had I spread, and the hest means of combating it. Sergeant Morrow and Senior Con | stable Matheson visited the locality where | the disease broke out—a spot known as the Kangaroo Ground, on the Sweetbriar I Creek—and from their report it would ap ! pear that there is no cause for alarm on the | part of the public. No unknown and j mysterious malady has broken out to | ravage the land and puzzle the doctors. | It is true that eight persons have died, i but the cause of death is resolved into the ■ old familiar diseases—hooping-cough or j croup and mumps combined. Again, the ; malady has been entirely confined to one ! family as it were. The deaths have been : the wife and- two children of Mr. James | Taylor, the wife and one child of Mr. : Edward M'Kenzie, two children of Mr. ! Joseph Taylor, and one boy of Mr. John \ Taylor. The three Messrs. Taylor are I brothers, and Mrs. M'Kenzie is their sis | ter. Other members of the same house ! holds were still suffering at the time the ! police made their report; but as Dr. Hastie, of Lithgow, had been sent up by \- the Government specially to attend to the I sufferers, it is hoped that the progress i of the disease will be checked. The lo , cality is said to be swampy, and therefore ' particularly favourable to the develop j ment of such complaints as mumps and I whooping cough. [ We learn from the Wagca Wagga Ex | TRESS that a fatal accident occurred to I John Shea, a selector residing at Yerong i Creek. From the evidence given at the | inquest held before the District Coroner, | it appeared that on Wednesday morning, j the 19th instant, the deceased was on ; horse-back riding after another horse in a paddock, which galloped away. The deceased galloped after it, but before he ; could turn it the horse he was riding fell. | Itisbelieved that the horse fellon deceased I after he was down. When picked up blood was coming from deceased's mouth, ! and he was insensible. He appeared to • be in great agony, and was conveyed to 1 bed where he died about half an hour i afterwards. The verdict was accidentally j killed. j Josias and Arthur Colless, tried at the ; Bnurke Sessions, were acquitted of kid ] napping a black boy at Brewarrina, but | were found guilty of assault, and fined | £25 each. A butcher, named Slade, near Braid ' wood, is misstnu. He is supposed to have I committed snicide. The shipwrecked crew from the Glimpse ; are all recovering from the ill effects of ' shipwreck and starvation. I At the Sandhurst Assizes, last Friday, Hugh Lavery, charged with poisoning and attempting to murder his stepson, was sentenced to death. The young man named DickenB, charged with, and convicted of, larceny at Port Adelaide, is believed to be a nephew of the celebrated novelist. Saturday's Echo says :—The following is the report of the Board of Health con cerning emall-pox. It will be seen that there is another case at Pyrmont:—The undermentioned patients were visited by the Government medical staff on tbe 27th instant, and are reported as progressing favourably : Mr. Ward, Glebe ; Henry Hancock, 20, Hunt-street; Wm. Bell, 310, Sussex-street; Mrs. Denford and her two children, Pyrmont; Amos Ste phenson, Pyrmont; Mrs. Smith, Pyr mont ; and Mrs. Willis, Pennsnt Hills, ltyde. Mrs. Bell's three children, re ferred to in Thursdsy'e report, after be ing provided with new clothes, were sent on board the Pinafore at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and taken to the quarantine Btation. They were placed in charge of Mra. Guilford, who has been engaged by the board to look after them. Mrs. Marshall and her daughter (the only re maining inmates of the late Mr. Mar shall's house) after undergoing the usual disinfection, &c.;, and being supplied with new clothes, were Bent to the sanitary camp, Little Bay, yesterday afternoon, in the waggonette. A fresh case of small pox has been reported from a house next to Denford's, in Pyrmont. The patient iB Bridget Geercke, who has the disease in a modified form. Another inmate of the house is, it ib feared, sickening for the disease. At a late hour laBt nigbta j member of the Government medical etaff | visited the boUBe of Mr. John M'Farlane, ' a plumber, residing at No. 17, Church street, Pyrmont, when be found a child named Alexander M'Farlane, aged four years, suffering from small-pox. The house (which is occupied by Mr. and Mrs. M'Farlane, tbe patient, and another child) has been sequestrated. Mr. Frederick Wright, of Adelaide, estimates that the average yield of the harvest will be nearly eix buBbeh per acre, which gives au exportable surplus of 225,000 tons. The Bundarra cor. of the Echo writeB : —A great many of our most influential residents took a holiday, to be present at the opening of tbe magnificent bridge over the Gwydir river, at Bundarra, which event took place on the 14th inst. Mrs. Clerk, a very old resident of Bun darra, was chosen, in conjunction with Mr. W. W. Frazer, P.M., of Inverell, to perform the opening ceremony, and they performed the duty in the usual style— champagne bottle breaking, &c.; The bridge, including approaches, is over 800 feet in length, and 18 feet wide, and is built on five iron cylinders, filled with ; concrete, and one abutment. Its height | iB a little above the highest flood | mark, and is about 50 feet over the I water at its present level. Mr. Franklin ; was the contractor, and Mr. Fag&n;, 1 ltoads' Superintendent, acted as super intendent engineer for the Government, ! Mr. Bassett taking Iub place when other ] duties compelled his absence. After the opeuing ceremony, a banquet was given in a large tent erected for the purpose, ; the usual loyal aud complimentary toasts ■ following. Athletic epcrts were held dur ing tbe day, and in tbe evening a "grand procession" of Druids, and a ball took place, biinging the greatest day in the history of Bundarra to a satisfactory con clusion. The storm on tbe night of Thursday, 20th October (says the Gbelong Adver tiser). will long be remembered in the Little River district by sheep-farmers. The small holders, who were caught in the middle of shearing, have sustained losses which, though appearing insignifi cant to those of tlieir larger brethren, are comparatively heavier, their losses ranging generally from 20 to 70 sheep each. On the Friday and Saturday following, the - scene on the plains was a desolate one. Wherever a wall or other breakwind af forded the least shelter, there would be seen the dead sheep by the score. In corners of paddocks exposed to tbe fury of the storm might be seen actually heaps of dead carcases, the biting blast forcing the sheep one on top of the other, and, no doubt, scores were thlis smothered. Numbers of Mr. Bullivant's sheep were drowned from a similar cause. The stock fled with the blast until the river was reached, and the foremost were forced into the water by the pressure of others be hind. Four large owners have lost 3500 sheep. The two prisoners, Butler aud Thomas, who were sentenced to 10 years and three floggings of 20 lashes, and eight years and three floggings of 20 lashes, received tlieir i first portion on Thursday at the Peutridge : stockade. Both men (says the Mel bourne Telegraph) had previously been carefully examined by Dr. Eccles, the medical officer, and found to be iu a healthy state. Butler appeared quite | heroic over the punishment; but still it j was evident from his remarks to the offi , cers that he never anticipated getting the : sentence lie has before him. Although 1 the punishment was severe, neither of j their backs was cut, which may be ac ; counted for from the fact that Butler is a | negro and has a thick skin, and Thomas , has been in the Royal Navy and has been flogged on several occasions. I In Victoria disastrous effects of tbe re | cent severe weather are reported from j pastoral districts. On the station of Messrs. Chirnside, Werribee, 1000 sheep [ were destroyed on Friday ; and on the 1 station of Messrs. Bullivant and Armyt | age, near Geelong, about 2000 died the < same day. A fire broke out in George-street last i night(reraarksSaturd»y'eE. News), which, ' if it had not been checked by presence I of mind and readiness of resource, might ' have caused the destruction of a vast ; amount of property. At 323, George ' street, the ground floor is occupied by Stubb8 and Co.'s auction-rooms, and in the basement ib stored the stock of MesBrs. Virgoe, Sun, and Chapman, con sisting of wines, spirits, &c.; Mr. E. G. Grace, storeman for Stubbs and Co., was engaged in arranging furniture for to day's show at about half-past 7 o'clock last night, when he noticed smoke coming up through a crack in the floor. Think ing it might be caused by some necessary burning, he called to another man named Morris, but, finding he was not at the spot, examined, and discovered that flames were rising from some material in the cellar. Ellis sent Morris for assistance, and with an axe knocked the lockB off the cellar door, and obtained admission. A few buckets of water soon altered the na ture of affairs, and when the Insurance Fire Brigade arrived the danger was past. A stream of water, however, made assur ance doubly sure. The fire was found to have commenced amongst Mr. Stubbs'a papers, but the cause is unknown. A dreadful accident occurred at Barker, near Adelaide, last Friday. An old wo man, wife of a fanner named M'Intyre, was returning home, accompanied l»y her son, on a dray containing flour. The son got down to feed the horses, when they bolted and capsized the dray. The son escaped with slight injury, hut when help was procured an hour later Mrs. M'Intyre was quite dead, the dray having fallen on her. The Goulburn Borough Council pro pose erecting bathing accommodation for the ratepayers. 