PO E TJl r. Well no 1 I can'l tell whar he lives, Bccase he don’t live, you see; Leastways he's got out of the habit • Ofiiivin,"like ytm and me. / ’ ’ i "Whar-liave ydu-beeiCfor theinkttlirecycar1 That you bftTen’tJheard-fol.ks.lell. r How Jimmy Bludso passed in his checks <" The night of the Prairie Bell ? ,-i He weren’t no saint—them engineers ~ Is-all pretty much alike— Opriwife in Natchcy-under-thc-Hill, And another one here in Pike. A kcerles man in His talk was Jim, And an awk’ard-man in a row ; He never funked, and he never lied— I reckon he never knowed how. And this was all the religion he had— To treat his engine well, ' • Never be passed on the river, , To mind the pilot’s bell. .- ^ And if ever the Prairie Belle took fire, A thousand times he swore, He’d hold her noEzle agin the bank ,- - • Till the last soul got ashore. ' ' ' All boats has their day on the .Mississip, . And her day came at last; The Movaster was a better boat, But the Belle she wouldn’t be passed. And so she come tearin’ along that night, . The oldest craft on the line, With a nigger squat on her safety-valve,. And her furnace crammed resin and pine. The fire burst out as she cleared the bar And burnt a hole in the night, And quick as a flash she turned and made . For that willow bank on the right. There was running and cursing, but Jim yelled out Over the infernal roar, “ I’ll hold her nozzle agin the bank • Till the last galoot’s ashore.” Through the hot black breath of the bamin Jim Bludso’s voice was heard, And they all had trust in his cussedness, _ And knowed he’d keep his word. And sure’s you’re born they all got oil Afore the smoke-stacks fell, And Bludso's ghost went nn alone In the smoke of the Prairie Belle. He weren’t no saint, but at judgment I’ll run my chance with Jim,-. " ’Longsidc some pious gentleman That.would’nt shook hands with him. He seen his duty a dead sure thing, And went for it thar and then ; And Christ a:n’t a goin’ to be too hard On a man thatdied for men. A Salt ’Ebbing.—A sailor mistaking his course. SHOBT EditOBIAL. — A countiy editor lately returned a ta'lor’s bill endorsed, “ Declined—handwriting illegible.” The actual area of the United States is about 2,000,000,000,000 acres; only half of what is fit for agricultural purposes is under cultivation. - - One of the chief offices of a good nurse is to think.for her patient. An invalid sbonld never be teased with the exertion of making a decision. It is said that “ true lore never did run smooth.” We’ve never seen it attempt to run, but it does some of the smoothest kind of swinging on the front gate. The art of forgetting is the hardest to learn whereit.is most in request. It is the happy past that makes a happy present, and together they give pledge of a happy future —a three-fold cord not easily broken. A well-known journalist was taking a walk one evening with his wife, when she, who is somewhat romantic and an admirer of nature, said, “ Oh, Georgy', just notice the moon !” “ Can’t think of it, my dear, for less than two shillings per line,” was the reply. Hard to Understand.— She laid her check on the easy chair-hack against his head, and murmured—■’How I do love to rest thus against your dear head, Augustus.” “Do you?” said he'; “is it because you lovi me. darling ?” “ No—because it is so nice and soft!” Then lie thought, and thought, and thought. It was at a woman,’s rights meeting. The speaker was s lying, “ Let ns lake our stand right here, and firmly resolve that neither tlie votes nor aignmcnts of the opposite sex. nor any power on this earth, shall turn n aside or move us one inch from the positi— Just here a wicked, hat lle.w inm the room, and the meeting adjourned with so much quickness that some of the members Inst their back hair. The sneaker, u-ho not be turned “aside,” was seventeenth from last in getting out of the front door. And it is not certain that the hat was one of lie opposite sex ’ eit her. Low vitality may result from, anxiety, watching, overwork, intemperance, vie-, or from a lack of adequate nourishment, liiuh health offers little lodgiug-p’nce. to the germ of disease, somewhat as the s-eds of weeds find no room in a well-cultivated grass-field Low health opens a chance at almost every point. Few-, things, however, so let down the system ns insufficient or improper food. b'cene—Country Knilwnv Marion. .Sta tion-master to general manng-i'. who is on a tour of inspection: “ There s ju-t ula thing I’d like done, sir. F want a coal cellar but at the station.” G. M.: - a coal-cellar. Thompson 1 Vori’ll want me to build you a wine-cellar next.'' S. M : “A wine-cellar,:sir 1 We’ll not mind-about that just yet. I could put all my wine in a salt-cellar. ' Typographical Errors. — A north co:mtry_gent!cman of the Press, who writes not very legibly—few such gentleman do ■write legibly—some time ago sent, to the compositor the following announcement:— " The Harpy, another of the six iron steam vessels bnilt by Messrs Ditchburn and More, is now ready for commissioning.” Thus the printer composed ; the paragraph : — “ The happy mother of the six iron steam-vessels built by-Messrs Ditchburn and More is now ready for"commissioning.” Possibly it was the same compositor who, when the London correspondent of a country newspaper wrote that the Rev!' Mr Blank “is a pretty aged minister,” perverted thestatement by putting it into type that the reverend gentleman “ is a putty-.eyed monster!” He. it was—the “ putty- eyed ” compositor, not the minister —who ought to have set up, ■! No cross—no crown,” but in lieu thereof set up, “No cows, no cream.” This made the editor look as sour as butter-milk in July. LEGEBDEIIAIN EXTRAORDINARY. — M. Hermaniq.tKc Viennese conjuror, unlike the mediums ” -who perform tricks, ami calls them miracles, does miracles’ and calls them trick.3. M. Jules Claretie is respon sible for the accuracy of the following tale. Hermann was engaged in the difficult task of amusing,that monarch “ who lives the life of a, woupded rabbit, in. a hole the .Sultan. The scene was a boat moored in the Bosphorons. “ Will you oblige me,” said Hermann to the Grand ■ Vizer, by throwing your watch, overboard 1” The Vizer looked doubtful, but the Sultan nodded, and the watch: sank glittering through the sea. . Now,” said Hermann, “will some one ; kindly give me a fishing-rod ?” A rod was ■ brought, a: line, and a hook, which the con- !' jpror baited before the eyes of the Sultan. - He soon had a nibble, struck, and, after an exciting interval, had a fine fish in the ianding-Det. Hermann opened the fish, and j* took out the- Vizier’s watch, still keeping tj capital time. Hermann can juggle as well j for the wily Muscovite as the gallant Turk. < While amusing the leisure "of. the Autocrat ; of all the Russians he broke a large and ] magnificient mirror. The superstitious , potentate winced, for to break a. mirror is unlucky, and a curtain was thrown over the galss. Hermann wenton with-hi* tricks fur * a while, then suddenly exclaimed, “ I forgot the glass; look at it 1” The curtain was removed, and there was tlie mirror whole and unharmed. OvtwittinG; ax Expert.—The evidence pf an expert- in a-law court is often difficult to deal with. A witness of this kihdphow. ever, is generally liable to, exaggerate, and a Cross-examining coun.sel may cleverly fool , him to the. top. of his bent. An instance is I told of a living leader of the bar. lie was Counsel for a plaintiff sueingfor damages re- j suiting from the fall of a building which, as ' bis ca,se was,-bod been badly and dangerously " constructed,. The defendant called ■ an eminent surveyor, who testified that the r wall in question had been built of the best materials, in the most approved manner, and with all possible precautions.' In cross- -, examination the plaintiff’s counsel led him gently through all the points of his panegyric, encouraging him to repeat them in even more emphatic terms. When the defend ant’s building had been doubly and trebly established b}’ him in absolute theoretical * security, the advocate concluded thus:— “ And now I have only one more question to ask—Why did that wall fall down ?” The . too zealous expert had left himself no answer. '■ ! 