kliitl ' THE MYSTERY OP MAJOR 1 M E U X f' CHAPTER^ —{Continued) BY MARCUS CLABKE, A VOICE roused me from my reverie. Hajori.Jdolineux* himself was at my side. "Fayre," said he, "I have overheard tlie last words of your conversation. I do not expect you to pay attention to the vulgar fancies of an ignorant hind. The story of the wretched being who lies buried at your feet is neither part of my histoiy nor does it .concern my family. The romance which i was sought to be woven around-Ink name and that of, my clear sister's husband has:heen : iong.'ago proved false, audit was perhaps the gratis fication of a desire to''Reserve from dension the last resting-place jof a man more sinned; against ! 'thian-'6in-- nmg which caused the 'report to fist obtain circulation,, When ^ny niece came to live mthane d-causfed: the fence, which formerly sur- 1 rounded Arthur Salary's grave, to^ be removed, , and;?n. unless J;<some • chattering imbecile like old Bagaily had informed her of the story, thi£ portion of the park possessed forher no more interest than 'any other. The phantasies of women 1 are innumerable." He • spoke rapidly, and with some heat. It was quite evident that he expected' a reply, and a direct one. ' , , " -No one, Major Mohneux," said I, " is less superstitious than myself, but I have seen so mjich of what is termed superstition- resolve itself into fact, that I am not prepaied to pronounce -any fantasy'of theimagmationas- wholly.baseless.. But before we proceed iurther, let me feel sure ol mj ground. ""I came here only in my character as a physician in attendance upon a patient who has been made unavoidably your guest I find mysefif i'aee to face with an extraordinary-.-' enigma —yourself. Youf pecuhar^studies, your secluded life, ahoye^all, your strange disappearance from all society, on one day in the week; have combined to raige dnfine ^ curiosity which I cannot stifle. What is the mystery which darkens your Me ?" Major Molineux, planted himself firmly on his feet, aiifdj took both my hands in has own. His iace was deadly pale, 1 and he seemed *to be nernng himself for a great effoit. , "Do not turn from me. Do aot shun me," he sai<L "'Had it not been for your persistence I had never spoken. tfagally is right. One day in each week I am possessed by'a dewl ' t ! , "Come, come,*" said-I, a'iittle shaken, despite^ my Belf-fcontrol, as the powerful old man searphetl my eyes with his, " there are manysoits of devils—devils of -wrath, and devils of discontent, and'we all -are now and then, at the mercy ofsfich." " Ay," said Major Molmejix, " but to be possessed, as I am, by— no, I cannot speak it I could not repeat, nor could'you listen to the tale. Forget what-i have said, ^and " —he pressed my arm*'with 1 painful violence—" swear to mention ±o no hnng soul that which f have unguardedly betrayed, 4 ^ \ "A. physician's hps*are sealed without an oath," paid Iff " ¥ou m tj ILIJ on me I now I must Bee Miss Eochford. ietInsjgoW,' He regamted his' sfcif-poBseSsion Uefoic- we leached ilie 'house. Vol dning the day was the j-buhjcc again mentioned ^ between' I thought it better ioithuj'a^elopfflent of the case ^tos^erHuk'jmy Patient—for eo I now considered uim—to begin a coMdence^hich I feared might be ^vathdrawn if I leased Jam Uo"«toBely. Seeing that"! touched onlj on indifferent matters, he jaesided at dinner with his customary composure, and «nt tei tamed us.alljs-iththe storey of a intnd acquisitive of information and fastidious in-the imparting o| It. *" s*" a * s - * "The old gentleman "was never more -amusing," said Eochfoid, as I parted from turn *3n the hall. " When we move, Beatrice IE ask him to come to Ashmead; the change would do him good." Ask him, by all means/' said I, " and J will second your entreaties. If we can once break the chain of recurring ^events m Ms life we may give him another lease of it. Our, intrusion, unwelcome though it was at first, has already roused turn into something like gaiety. Miss Koehford» should be well enough' in a fortnigbrt to be moved, for her case looks in everyday favourable." How can I ever repay you for ybur kindness ?" said Eochford. I knew a method by which'he •could lepay me a thousandfold, but Ijdid not thmk it wise to mention it at that, moment. Alas events' soon occurred which rendered it impossible for me to e er ask that 1 lavour which I prized so highly. On Wednesday afternoon, Major. Mohneux begged to see me alone." He led the way to his library,' carefully closed the door, and, •after much prelude, began to talk •about his malady. "I wish to ask you," said he, if it s possible for a man to be mad and know that he is mad'" Theie are diffeient kinds of madnefes," Said I, feeling that I •must spekk with caution. " An m- •sane man may have lucid intervals during <!which he'-reviews acts done' during the fperiod of his insanity,. and condemns them. A 'man may ! have an uncontrollable impulse to commit a certain act—as to jump o"ut of a window^ foi instance—and yet be quite .conscious of the folly, t and even wickedness, of his morbid promptings. I knew a case in India ot & soldier who was seized with just such a morbid desne • He felt compelled to murder someone >very near and dear to him, and at last deserted in order to do it. Airived in the town .where the 1 ntended victim lived, he absolutely had himself tied up by the people • of the inn, until the proper authon-: ties could be sent for to secuie him Some months afterwards the object ot his morbid lust for blood died, and the man at once recoveied. He describes his sufferings while resisting 1 his impulse as terrible. Surely no devil worse ttian this could possess a man And yet he could hardly be called mad." . "You give me a few grains of comfort," said Major Mohneux, "though I have no -such tearful impulse as that which you describe. Every ^week, fi.om ten o'clock on Wednesday night until ten o'clock on Fr day morning, I am the prey: to the most bestial and awful delu-; sion which it has entered into the mind of man to conceive. I know; that the fault is in my own bram, and that I am but the dupe ofimagination. But where that fault iies I have sought invaui to find.. Science brings me no solace, and, though my sense laughs at my imagination, I dare not confront the hideous thing which my imagination has created to mock my: sense." " You aie not alone in ^our mis-; fortune, dear sir," said I. " There have been many men, haunted by phantoms, who have lived to make, them but a source of amusement • The operation of ghost seeing is s mple enough. W« .recall a landscape, whichTve have seen. We will it to letm^i and it is instantly present. That is to say that we project from ns that which we wish to lecall, and look at it, and listen ^to it, as if it-were again external to us. Ail artist draws a dead lace from memory, while a musician pJayg jan „air forgotten for his heareis—the same effort too, of will, which recalled the lineaments of-a corpse, and jhe notes of the opera could people a 1 house with ghosts, and fill the darkness With tke voices of the dead. , " Ah," said the Major, with a sigh, "mine is no ^such illusion as those which you have mentioned No voice? of angel or of demon speak to me No fafies, grotesque or enchanting, present themselves to my gaze. My delusion, s«nd delusion it is though sometimes I am half persuaded! ol its truth, so homble, so damning, so fearfuD in its naked insistance of the beast in-oui fallen natuies that Ihaye been tempted" not J once, Jbiit ta hundred Jimes/to set .my spirit free from the oul-flestroying hands winch* «n| •wrap at." y - • He^bke jvitlf'Sober Vehemence) and appiiffing earnestness. " That !this 'feeling is 1 part' of the delukkrtfl Iknoy, bgt jthat«does notl wake it 'Jiinej years I 'haye endured a weekly; agony^ compared "with whicli the keenest torments of man s devising are as naught In body and in soul I have suffered mo e than tongue can tell. Save that my .reason did not desert me, I should^ have speedily qualified^ myself for: a place beside the poor wretch over whose grave I confessed my secret; and yet I ask you, can I lay claim* to the possession of reason when I am "the sport of an imagining so foul as that which torments me ?" "But," said I, gently, "you have not yet told me the nature of this delusion.' ^ "I dare not" said Major Mohneux. ""You "would quit the house. To no human earxan 2 speak the history of my unspeakable degra^ dation. 1 ' „He rose suddenly. "To-morrowis Thursday," he said, ' come into my room to-night, and' see what I dare not speak," and he 1 leftme. Miss fiochford-had regained consciousness, and I hoped that the next -few days would see lier m a; fair way of recovery. Mrs Eochford had laughed off her feais, and attributed, as I did, the visitant's face to a more mortal source than that of the wandering soul of a suicide Eochfoid was in high spirits at the apprdaching dejjartuie, and even Mrs. Pennithoide seemed less terrified than usual. I: could not have had a more pro- pitious hour for the investigation of the mystery which had baffled me, and I waited with much anxiety! for midnight, which—being about the time I had seen Bagaily on the' previous week—was, I thought, a customary houi with the Major for taking his oddly-timed meal I was not amiss m my calculations. As the timepiece in the hall lang out the houi, the old convict appeared with the tiay. " Yojir master has desiied me to see him," i said, " and I will go up: wiih you " " As you please," said "Bagally, roughly; " but take caie." He led the way along the great coindoi until he came to a double door. t If he is not waiting on the other side," said lie, "you'll be lucky," and, opening a slide in the panel, he pushed in the tray with ts buithen, bolting the panel quickly. I stood unceitam how to act BagaJly turned to descend the stairs. " Will you not go n ?" I asked. "Not for all tbe.money m Hobart," said the man, his very hair bristling. "Listen" I bent my ear to the dooi, and could distinguish the confused sounds of voices. 'Who is with him?" I asked But the old servitor had left me. I was alone, and from the other side of the oak panel came a sound which caused my blood to curdle m my veins. In another instant I should liave fled. " Mohneux! Major Molineux I cried, and ajj^ ed -at the panel The doo shot back and I entered The passage was pitcli daik; but; m the distance I couldjsee a lighted •candle in what appeared to be a bedroom. I advanced towaids it I The dooi shut behind me, and I: felt someone , place-what seemed to i be a hand on my shoulder IVIaj or Mohneux was rignt. Words refuse to lend themselves to the depiction of that which the horror fixed eye sawin that lonely chamber. 1 CHAPTEE YI. Mas. EOCHFOBD was the only person whom I met at the breakfasttable the morning after my visit to MajorMolmeux's roomi .TheMajorhrmself, for reasons which I could readily appreciate, desired to postpone,-as long as possible, an interlew with one who had become possessed ot his "unhappy seciet, and Eochford had .intimated his intention of -arnving later in the day. Now, that his daughter was out of danger, there was really no real .reason for his presence, which, indeed, was a daily element of disturbance m the sick room " When do you think that Beatrice can l3e moved?" asked Mrs. JRochford. "I long to haye her at home again under my own roof- for, though Major Mohneux is most kand and attentive, I experience ^a- sense of depression in this house which I cannot shake off."" > , " I quite agree ^with you that the sooner Miss Eochford is got home the better,'" 1 jcephecC ^though; the 1 feeling *of which you peak is attribntableonly toyour own anxiety, nd j)erhaps„ in , som ^ measure Jto the unwonted quietude of -Gastle Stuait after the hustle of Aslfinead Nevertheless/'we innst^e cautious I neyer«fike to disturb £ase of fiacture, howe^r slight, for at least twenty days, and Tve%ave*been here butjsarelyseven." "True/'^he said; this is Friday.' at the acant place at the foot of the table noted to me the circumstance which had escaped her xw&e; slight confusion in my manner must have betrayed me, foi .; with a woman's quickness, she said, -suddenly, Doctor Fayie, you. look worn and ill this morning. Tell me, do you know anything about this mystery of Major Mohneux?" , 'My dear madam," I said, "I am -a doctor, and I cannot speak even indirectly of matters which have come to myinowledgem the exercise of my profession. Major Mohneuxjrhas-been=comj3limentary enough to ask my advice -upon certain points connected-Kithhi>« health, butl am asyet butvery,partially informed as to his cpse." " Nay," said she," I did not mean to put an impertinent query; but t has occurred to me that, in return for the Major's kindness to mydaughter, Beatrice might, by-andbye, rouse him from his melancholy, and even win his confidence as to the secret cause of his malady." If you have ever chanced, when in conversation, to hear p. phrase innocently utteied which conveys to youi pnvate ear a world "ofesoteric meaning, you will comprehend the quick pang I felt at this sudden approximation of two ideas. Beatrice and my patient of last ht' That pure gill and that most unhappy being, whose hideous hallucination niadeJiim doubtful of his humanity. When a 1 student in Paris, I had seen the body of a beautiful girl exposed on a dissecting-table for some needful demonstrations in anatomy. The sight shocked me then, and as, obedient to the law-of association,: the picture of that neiveless figure,; so passive under the searching knife and exploring eye, lose again before me, I almost saw the pallid featuies shape themselves into a likeness of those of Beatrice. Do not think of such a thing, madam," I cried. " It is quite impossible Miss Beatrice must never know aught of the—" and T stopped abruptly. Was I not "already committing myself ? (To Is continued J 