LAST SUNDAY. The usual Sabbath rest of the good people ' at Lavender Bay was seriously , disturbed last Sunday by the sudden invasion of Dr. Vaughan and his " Proletarians "—the rank and file of his Papal army. It pleased him, as the General, to announce that, oh Sunday afternoon lie would hold a camp meeting in the Bay, and have, a review ; and accordingly the troops, moyed forward, .and , gathered, there, and' the Sunday quiet of the people in the ^neigh bourhood, must submit to the noise of tramping, cheering, and defiling, as the review" and harangue of- " his Grace" went ori to their conclusion. . We, think that Protestant people 'in our different, suburbs have a good right to. complain of such Sunday invasions. Sunday schools of three churches were, at the time of the Papal review at Lavender Bay, meeting and, engagsd in their work ; but was it possible that their work could be carried on with cofnfort, when a Papal army was gather ing outside, and a warrior ' general was expected to; appear to give the Proleta-, rians a political harangue oh schools, and State policy? We know quite well that if 'Protestants were . to assemble, in thousands in the vicinity pf . Papal,, chapels and schools, on' Sundays," and for tlie pur pose of hearing . speeches , against the Government ' and .against thp Pope, the Popish di visions would soon.be instructed to scatfer 'the invaders. . But Papal educa tion!'. with ' " liberty r of conscience," is a curious .thing ; like Irish reciprocity, |it takes all ahd gives none. ' Some , time ago the' Papa! hosts took mighty offence at street preaching and park preaching, an d they raised riots to put it down, because public places were taken; possession of by crowds, , and because " quiet and good Citizens " were deprived of their rights and wereoffended. But will any mansay thatthe park preaching which was objected to by the Papists, was half so disturbing and offensive to " quiet and good citizens" as these Sunday invasions by Dr. Vaughan and his Proletarians, in different places, to which the city i3 now so much accus tomed 1 If the authorities were to do their simple duty, they would prohibit such Sunday r-e views and performances, as a miisance ; , but it is not safe to ask Papists, to submit to the law, or to con sider the rights and privileges of others. Heretics have no rights ; and still less , can .they have any privileges ! ,, . . , : Well, let us look at the " review." The General arrived in due time, and,, was re ceived with ".open column" and loud cheers. The band neglected to play, the usual' tune, " See the conquering hero "comes :" but the Proletarians supplied the want with equivalent cheers, that the " enemy", in the neighbourhood might ti'emble for the result. The General had iiis usual " body guard" of tried .men surrounding him. They were all in good form, arid nobly did their part, as they welcomed "'his Grace," safe and sound, after the unusual dangers of the voyage 'from.' the Circular Quay, and the wild approach, ' through heretical properties, from the: waters of the bay to the sacred ground of the Jesuit Fathers.. . The body guard ' consisted of Mr. Dan O'Cbiinbiy M. L.A., 'Mr, T. M. Slattery, M.L. A , and a few others who are nob M.L.A.s. One was: absent - who ; was expected, to be present, who' at present holds the chief place in 1 : the body-guard " contingent ." Well : the'Proletarians speedily were got into order. They marched and counter marched until they were got into some- thing like a "Papal squaire." It was not a square, however ; nor yet. was it, a " circle." It partook something of the shape of both — said to be more adapted to the Papal troops, and to be a vast improvement on the old Waterloo style, which Papal " history " says, "failed." It was evident that the General was only partially pleased with his inspection and review ; for, as he passed along ,the line, and looked into the jiouches of the Proletarians, he quickly per- . ceived that the " ammunition " was rather small — amounting altogether to only the paltry sum of £150, to meet a debt of £9000! However, "his Grace" was bound to look pleased, if for no : other reason than that " the enemy " should not be able to rejoice ; and so he proceeded to deliver his harangue, which called forth many earth-quaking rounds of applause. First of all, the Archbishop praised the Jesuit Fathers for erecting such a beautiful school. He told them that they had good characters for paying their debts, and that their lrioral theology, however much Pro testants might, object to it as immoral and seditious, lie had never heard that it was suspected of teaching that a Jesuit should refuse to pay his debts. This was certainly ' doubtful praise ; and Father rvenneay, qune iinuerscouu it, ue mgu com mendation of. the Jesuit theology, which: , even Popes have condemned. The Archbishop then proceeded to praise himself for the pains which he.hadtaken to get up his harangue. He told the Pro letarians to. look at the bunch of manu script which he .held in his hand, and wonder arid admire. He assured them 'that the sheets did not contain a " few w;ords." He told them that he was not one of tliose"':tiring.-speakers "' who need to be warned to. say, only a " few words." No : and he assured them that his manu script had been, got up with " considerable preparation;" for lie knew the high intel lectual calibre of his soldiers ; and, there fore, he was resolved to be "'interesting and useful." These palavers over, the General " went, straight to the point" of his harangue; —and what was, it ? 'Why it was to quote statistics' from ' different writers who , condemn the Public schools,, and to insist that Public", schools produce criminals, while Catholic, schools proeuce " good citizens," ; eminent for every social , and national virtue, and super-excellent in all intellectual attainments 1 One would have 1 thought that "his Grace" would have 1 been careful about statistics : for he has jburnecl.his fingers vyith them often enough, before now : l)ut " bis Grace" 'is like all other. Popish' speakers and. writers ; they never, admit . that they have burned, their fingers : . . tliey never refer : to , the, ; 'confutations of their statistics ; they simply ' !repeat and 're-assert : for they know , that >yith itheir 'audiences, the holder and louder tilings .are ' asserted, the more firmly they will' be believed. Accordingly, the Gerieral assailed the Public school, and asked his " faithful " to believe that their children .will be lost— lost to, religion i and morals— and made criminals, if ever they enter a Public school. The General went to America for his illustrations and proofs ; but it is unneces sary for us to say that his facts have been disproved over and over again, and that his inferences that, because in America crimes abound, the Public school is res ponsible for them, have been shown to be conclusions both illogical and contra dictory. Crimes, ignorance, murder, and impurity abound in Papal lands — where there are no Puhlic schools. Crimes used to abound nearly to 80 per cent, in Home itself, the city of 'the Popes, when the Popes reigned supreme — in which no Public school was to be found ; therefore — what? Why, that Popish schools and Catholic education breed crime 1 , So, does crime prevail in America ; therefore — what 1 Why, that Public schools breed crime. Therefore, Public schools and Catholic schools are equally bad ; and the true solution, of the difficulty is, that ignorance is the mother of devotion, and that all schools for the people, should be immediately abolished. The picture which Dr. Vaughan has drawn of the Public schools in America is not a work of " fine art," fit for ari Art Union" — it is a daub and a caricature. He believes in the virtue , of the old nursery style of ghosts and black men, to frighten the children. He has got up a scarecrow, hoping that his faithful people will think of nothing but Catholic schools. He has assured his Proletarians that the " Premonstratensians " have not got tails, as some people were inclined to suppose; or, if they have tails, they are only the tails of black coats. And as for the Jesuits, he has solemnly promised to the people that if the boys and girls, of the community are sent to their care, they will receive a thoroughly Christian and Catholic education. Sir Henry , Parkes cast his shadow over the General during all his harangue. TwoorthrEe times " his Grace" referred to .the terrible anticipation of: tbe " death which Sir Henry has threatened to Jesuits and priests. Hence the fiery, zeal of the General in his Sunday reviews. He .wants to have his Proletarians well drilled, that if he is . to die, he may die game 1 Irish affairs become more unpromising. Everybody saw that the trial of the agitators would come to nothing. With , a jury of eight Papists, three ProteBtants, and one Jew, it was certain that the trial would break down ; and it has broken down. Tile Government has lost prestige ; the agitators have become heroes and martyrs ; and the ignorant people are now more embittered than ever, and give ovations to their patriots, as an insult to the Government. Meanwhile the Land League: gains strength in spite of soldiers arid police., . Shooting and threatening are as rife as ever: and now the Cause will be supposed to be justified because the leaders have gained a victory over their CC fPLft Uill 4-li n I- in n rv rww \- Ol ' JL11U XfXll VUHW Wl/ll AUVIV duced. into the House ef Commons to give the authorities coercive powers is being met; with the most furious opposition. The Irish members, of course, will do their utmost by obstruction and all ; the other methods which, free institutions giye to their , enemies; to defeat the Bill. - They have already given proof of what they intend. They have filled the House Of Commons with " scenes" . that . give joy to Irish agitators. One of : them has been ruled " disorderly" : but this will not be a lesson to the others. And, ; the Govern ment . will . be di'agged through many a " scene", before the Bill; will get .to.the' conclusion.— We ; are- glad, however, to notice that the Government seem resolved .to force the . Bill on without ; shrinking. Every loyal member of the House will help them to - win ; but the conquest will not be, an easy one. What is now the fact 1 Why, that Ireland is monopolizing the. ; public time, and nothing can be done because of its violence. , The affairs of the whole nation are at a stand-still to allow Ireland. ; to air its. sedition. Coercive measures have been too long delayed.. The whole kingdoms become disorganized and demoralized to please the, Irish agitators. If coercive measures had been taken long ago, .the .extremes, which now everybody deplores; might have been so far prevented. It will not do to be vacillating now. — .Who are the Irish that are giving all this work ? Nob the Irish of the , North who: are as'rauch entitled to, have .their say, as tbe'lrish ,of ,\the,' Southand Wesk -vThey are the Papal; Irish. As usual , the Papal element is for violence and war. As we show in another place, the,, secret of .this land agitation is the canon law of the 'Church. Nothing will'- .please the Papal party but the expulsion of the landlords, the seizure of the lands, which are said to he illegally held by the landlords, and the severance of Ireland from England. These are the things that are aimed at. Tiie words of the agitatora may vary according to the audience that hear them : but the fact is this — If Ireland is now to he subject to England, and to obey its laws, it must be conquered over again, and those seditious priests that have been fed and educated by English money in Maynootli must be dealt with as public enemies, and the fountain of their birth struck off from English supplies for ever. The miserable folly of the Maynooth scheme and endowment now yields its fruits. To imagine that England ..could ever feed and eduoate Papal priests to be loyal to her, and help her to govern the people who believe the Pope to be King of Kings, was to imagine that the sheep could suckle a young bear, and teach it not to kill the lambs 1 But English folly ought now to be cured by a very bard and deplorable experience. Lawless Ritualists.— The spread 1 Ritualism gives joy to the Papists, and no wonder ; for "the Church" is noted as the " lawless one." She is a law unto herself, and she openly proclaims that there are no laws but her own laws, and that she will break all others at her own convenience. This spirit is the essential spirit of Ritualism. Clergymen solemnly promise at their ordination, and when put in charge of cures, to , obey their Bishop in all 'lawful ' matters ; but it appears that every Ritualist mentally reserves the con venient clause, "if what the law- enjoins is according to my taste'.1' An interesting illustration of this has just occurred in Liverpool, under the care of the new Bishop, Dr. Kyle, only recently raised to the Benoh. A Rev. Mr. Cox, Curate of St. Margaret's, Liverpool, has become afilioted with the desire of being " Apostolical " in tbe Church services. He reads in the Biblo how Peter and Paul, and other apostles, and the early Christians, wore " copes " when they ministered, how they had candles burning in the daytime, when they were engaged in their devotions ; how they had boys swinging censers when they were engaged in singing thoir prayers ; and how they took care that their tailors should provide ecclesiastical birettas or priests' caps, so as to give effect to their sacerdotal functions. Mr. Cox reading all this in the Bible has conceived a consuming desire to do in St. Margaret's as the Apostles did ! So he appears in tbe cope and biretta, and then he - has burning candles in the daytime and smoke and insense to help his sermons. Poor man !. The good Bishop has told him to discontinue these apostolical practices. Mr. Ucx,- or course, refuses to obey. He iB told that such- things are unlawful in the Church of England. Bat Mr. Cox says - "So much the worse ' for the Church of England." He is told by the Bishop that the law must he obeyed; but Mr. Cox despises all such laws. And so now the crisis has come — but Popery never . cares for crises, whether it . be in the bud, as Ritualism, or full blown, as in Rome, it is precisely tbe same — " the lawlcsB one." The Pall Mall makcB the following sensible remarks on the case: — "It would be a matter. for curiouB speculation to inquire whether, in the event of Ritualism becoming universal instead of sectional in the Church of England, Ritualistic encumbents would think it in the slightest degree worth while to pay the slightest attention- to the behests of Ritualist bishops. That any obediehce is due to a non-Ritualist diocesan by a Ritualist clergyman is. clearly not the opinion of the Rev. Mr. Cox, the incumbent 'of St. Margaret's, Liverpool, a church at which, for some years past, very ' High ' celebrations have been ' in use. The newly- appointed Bisliop of Liverpool has very mildly asked the clergy of St. Margaret's, ' as their friend and bishop,' to abandon such unseemly ecclesiastical toys as lighted tapers, iusence, the cope, and the biretta. The incumbent, while condescending to lay the 1 request' before the churchwardens and sidesmen, refuses to recog nise the decision of the Privy Council, and, pointing out that if the law was systematically and deliberately disobeyed by individuals according to their own likings and dislikings there would he an end to all order in Church and State, again gently asked the incumbent to give up 'for peace' sake things which were not essential and which are unlawful. This appeal does not seem to have the slightest effect, since on Sunday last there was no change in the ' High ' celebrations at. St. Margaret's. The' lines of the. . modern Ritualistic clergymen are cast in very pleasant places. Queen Elizabeth would ; have, made very short work of him, and his; copes and candles and birettas to boot." , Ignorance of Perverts.— Home is very fond of making perverts. Like the old Pharisees, "she compasses sea and land to ;make . om« proselyte." She likes, of course, , to get lords and ladies, who will give her ecldt,' !and bring her money. But she is not always very parti cular., She takes small fish as well as whales — ignorant people as well as scholars ; and on both alike she operates by the charm, of telling them1 . that she will do the thinking for them ; they are simply to; bow and obey, A Protestant mis sionary. going about the poorer orders, found a pervert, who is truly a specimen of the quality of the "perverts to Rome," among the .humbler people. Speaking to the pervert, he soon found that he- had been imposed upon : but no matter ; be bad landed at last in, the true Church, and .the priest did all the thinking for him.. The. following is what the missionary says as.his reflec tions upon the case, andhis challenge to prove it " It is a great pity that the grand distinctive principles of , Bible Protestantism, in, contrast with the errors of the Church of Rome, are not more frequently brought forward, and greater prominence given them in the Protestant (pulpits of: our land. Ignorance is: the main cause of many secessions from our Church. I recently came into contact with a pervert -to Popery.' He knew nothing of the doctrinal differences between the Churches of England and Rome. He admitted going to confession and receiving absolution, but, as he said, "as the absolution is. pronounced in Latin I do not understand it, nor has it ever been translated to me!" I translated for him the form of abso- lution, and explained the nature of sacramental penance as held and taught by. the Church of Rome. . He expressed surprise, and declared that the 'priest' (whose name he mentioned, and whom 1 very well know) ' assured him that .he could neither absolve him from nor restrain sins.' ; I sent the following challenge, which he promised to deliver to the priest the .same evoning : ' I challenge you to meet me in public discussion in the Largo Temperance Hall to prove that it is the definite and dogmatic teaching of your Church that in penance the priest has ' no power either to absolve from or to retain sins.' " I need scarcely add, the challenge was not accepted." Lord Macauley's Testimony.— Lord Macauley's History is one of the books which Popery has condemned and placed in the " Index Expurgatorius." Every publication, as it comes from the press, is narrowly examined, by a com- mittee at Rome, who search to see' whether it will help or injure the Church. If the book is found. to be against the Church, and 'likely to hurt .'.'the faithful," by giving them too much light, it ia placed in the " Index Expurgatiorius" as a forbidden book. The " faithful " must not read it. They must not believe it. And if any of them do get permission to read it, they are to oppose and attempt refuting it, unless in any expressions which seem to be of use to the Church.. In this way Papists deal with Lord Macauley's History. There are some expressions in the history about s New Zealander sitting on London Bridge and looking at the ruins of St. Paul's, while Popery shall still live. The book is condemned ; but those passages and. expres sions are all -carefully gathered out. Every little Papist 'disputant, and every paltry obscure paper,like our Sydney Express, has the words and expressions referred to patly- put together and committed, and the bluster is - always repro duced when a " Protestant's testimony ." is to be quoted in favour of the Church. But all the rest of the book is. consigned to this shelves and not read. Of course such dishonesty to an author; could not happen, but in , the hands 'of Popery',:: whfch .never': intends: to: .do honestly. But i.what is quoted, is not. the testimony of .Macauley - about ; the Papacy. .He does indeed a vow, the opinion that, Popery will live— -that it will/last out- St, /Panl's) - y ea/ and. St/. Peter's too, if the world -lasts long enough,. -Popery- will live as long as corrupt human -nature, will , live. Popery; will:; live . as long as > the1', devil is per- mitted'// to go u up t and : down. - in. the I earth. The Bible c says so, and Lord , Macauley. only : repeats' whae . the.' Bible declares/:.: But" that longllifevof .-Pop'eryis: no. testimony to -its ..character, /£nd none ! to :its' . truth.,- :/ .There are : .idolatries ' iu the .world; far '.-older > than Popery, ; and-there are idolateries in (the world far' .more .-extensive and' Catholic . than Popery.' ..They 'live ; , in .the same way /that Popery lives/ Their life ;is exaotly-the same. as that of/Popery. i. Affd the'; : end-'! and' distraction will: 'be exactly.the same. ' -But ' the .following, passage, , whioh .should be /often ;:quoted, .: contains - . the ::: testimony i6f . .Macauley about the Church. -Papists, however, ignore /it because : it is ntriie-:" From the -time 5 -when" : the .barbarians overran .the /Western /Empire -to/ ihif time: of. the revival of fetters, the influence of the Church of Home .'has ..been: 'generally- favourable to .science; to 'civilization; and to- good government. - But during the - last three centuries, : to stunt the 'growth.of.the Norman mind has been her chief object. : Throughout . Christendom whatever advance has .been made in knowledge, in freedom, . in wealth,- and in the arts of life, has been made in spite. of her power.' The loveliest and. most -fertile.provinces of Europe have, under her rule, been sunk .in poverty, in political servitude, and in intellectual torpor, .while Protestant countries, once proverbial for sterility and barbarism, have been/turned by skill and industry into gardens, and can boast of a long list of heroes and states men, philosophors and poets. Whoever, know ing what Italy and Scotland naturally are,- and what,' four/ hundred years ago they , actually were,-vshair now .compare the .country, round Home with 'the country round Edinburgh; will .be.ablo.to form some judgment. as- to the ten dency, of .Papal domination. The descent of Spain/once the first among monarchies, to the lowest. /depths of degredation ; the elevation of -Holland,.; in spite of many natural disadvantages, to.: & . position ' such as no commonwealth so small.- has .ever reached, teach.the same lesson. Whoever passes, in Germany, from a Roman Catholic. to a' Protestant principality, iu Switzer land. from-. a .Homan Catholic! to a Protestant canton, in Ireland- froth a Homan Catholic to a Protestant /county, .finds that he has passed from a lower to a higher grade of civilization. On the other side of the. Atlantic the same law prevails/ The Protestants: of- the! United States have /left far behind them, the Roman Catholics of.. Mexico, Peru, and ! Brazil. The Homan Catholics of Lower Canada remain inert, while the.whole continent round them is in a ferment with Protestant activity and enterprise. The -French' have doubtless shown an energy and an intelligence which, even when misdirected, have justly/entitled them to be called a great people. But this! apparent exception, when examined, will be found to confirm the rule ; for in" no country/that is called Homan Catholic has the -Homan Catholic Church, during several genera tions;1 possessed so little authority as France.'.' —Macaulay's History of England, vol. i. . Some and Rebellion-— The Popr's paper in Italy, the Aurora, practically gives sympathy to the League efforts at rebellion in Ireland. The following as some of its teachings from -leaders, are a gentle approbation of the Irish outbreak ; and the Papists will everywhere -consider such .mealy-mouthed expressions aB -an attempt to .justiiy.the means which the . Irish are using. Thus then the Aurora speaks:;—" Although it appears that the news of a rebellion in Ireland is unfounded,- -the agitation, which appears to halve'/ considerably -diminished - since - the' days when; the celebrated: O'Connell, -by/- his Catholic principle and religious faith, ) quenched political ire, ib bubbling np again : that the land now in possessiomof other's was. tahen by force from the ancestor 8. of thelrish who legitimately possessed it : and that the.flame3 of ! this agitation must one day or other break out, and may extend to edifices deemed securef' If this be not giving the Irish a wink " to go on and prosper," we don't know what could bo. . At any rate, tho Irish, will never suppose that such statements, as coming feom the paper of the Holy Father, intends to condemn them for their sedition and rebellion in the present agitation. They are quick-sighted enough to seo that such soft allusions are equivalent to the famous Irish encouragement, "Give it. them boys ; they are only heretics." "What Law the Irish Obey.— The monthly letter of the Protestant Alliance has' very well explained how it is that .the Irish think- it right for them to chase the landlords oiit , of "Ireland, to refuse them rent, and' to. recover the lands ' which -it is said .by the Pope's paer. was" t aken " from them by' force,'- when. , they were legiti mately possessing it." They ' act under law. They are Obeying law. ' But ' what law ? Not the law of England. Not'the . law of nations ; bnt the canon law of the Chureli. Of course "tlie poor Irish " cannot read the canon law, but the priests read and interpret . for them ; and, as they are bound to obey the priests, the obedience is seen in the sedition which prevails and keeps the country in everlasting misery. Here is the "canon law." The bnll " Urban Anliharum" declares that property taken by herelscs from members of the Papacy, whether lay or ecclesiastical, is not to be protected by any covenant or prescription, but . is to be restored to its original possessors : and the bull, "Apostolical Sedis," published by the laBt Pope, excommunicates all who usurp or retain the properties or revenues of the Church, or of ecclesiastical or conventual institutions.— These claims have been fully asserted by the Irish Bishops. Dr. Moriarty, Bishop of Kerry, has stated, " that there has been ?io concordat ceding the property of the Catholic Church to the British Crowu, or sanctioning its seculari sation. The church does not allow a state of limitation: to„- bar . our. claiin. Our -right is in abeyance, but it is not impaired." Now here is the whole secret of the matter. With such' views as these, is it possible that there can be anything else but sedition and rebellion on- 'the part of the Irish ? - As long as tlie priests teach the people such treason as this, it is impossible! to expect the peace of Ireland. The .heretics1 iwho have acquired land in Ireland., by lawful -purchase are not likely to submit to- such , a -frightful law as this..- .But the poor Irish;' who .are bound neck and feet by! canon law,/,- what- can they do? -Their.- god tells them to demand! the . land : /their, god tells them . -that -the - land- is .wrongfully. taken: .from J- them ; their, god; suggests to them that no covenant, .purchase,- or .prescription can divest them - of their right -..as : members of the Papacy, : their god: tells them - that the landlords are oppressors -and .usurpers'; ' -and their god suggests that he. will. bless -them in their attempts to shoot - landlords or . drive ithem out of the country ! Is.it credible that human -nature can accept such teaching, and not . foment riots to - gain possession of viands , that havebeen taken to be rented? Those abominable bulls of . the Pope, and . still, more abominable interpretations of the priests,, are the. secret cause of -the : IriBh difficulty. .. Gladstone : may dream as he will ; - and . the British i Parliament may concede what ft. will, here is a plain, revela tion of the whole . ease— the .Church and- sedi tion ! .i)-- :!': :/' Liberty of . Conscience .—In the present educational excitement all over the world, the Papists have taken hold '> of the 'expression, "liberty of conscience." ; Cardinal-Manning, in England, wants education, " with /'" liberty1 of ! conscience." Our Dr. Vaughaff wants /educa- : tion with " liberty of conscience:" And' our Mr; Dalley has, in recent speeches;1 under the inspiration of "his-zGrace," -"insisted --that denominational education- -is the o/hly' education which can be given'with " libei-ty oi conscience;" Such an argument as this is- expected -''to' -carry conviction to all minds/ ;'But' then,- it is worth While to ask what'a Papist means by; " liberty of conscience ?" Let'our ' readers fl consider ' the following from/Dr;- Manning on- the one /hand and the Pope on the other, and it will be: seen that1 what Papists mean by "liberty of con science" is something very different from what is meant by Protestants. Papists count it "liberty of conscience" to get'their. will ; Jbut they1 have no idea of " liberty of conscience" ;in allowing others similar rights. !If Papists had1 their own way— if Cardinal Manning and 'the Pope- had their own way —they Would -quickly tell! Pro testants that they had no conscience at all; and that-their only /liberty was the -liberty to obey the orders of the. Church I' Hear the' oracles of the -Papal1 Church : — " Hence / this principle follows, that neither the Church nor the State," whensoever tliey are united on the true basis of Divine right/ have any cognisance .of tolerance. . . . . The,.ChurchJ,has the right, in virtue of her divine commission, to require of every one to accept her doctrine.' Whosoever obstinately refuses or obstinately insists upon the election out of it of what is' pleasing to himself is against Via. "Rnf. worn, flio.nVmvrth fnlAPiifp. snnli jui opponent, ! she must tolerate, another. If she tolerate one sect she , must tolerate every sect, and therefore give herself up." The pope is equally explicit. In a letter addressed to the Cardinal Yicar,. under . date March 25;/ 1879, he asserted, in. effect, . ."'.that- he understands the liberty , and dignity. pf.:the.- signify removing from. Home the means of practising and propagating whatever . in the opinion of the Homan Church, is heretical; and that if he possessed, the liberty ho claims he would employ it to close all Protestant schools and places of worship in Home " (Times, April 11, 1870).— In his recent address to the em ployes of the late Pontifical Government . the Pope again laments his inability to provide a sufficient and : efficacious remedy against heresy in Home." \- Let the Tope Speah. — The Pope is said to be a loving man. He has a great love for all mankind. He loves Protestants especially. As he demands from Protestants that his Popish people shall have rights and privileges, he most lovingly offers the same privileges to Protestants. He has liberty of conscience, so he thus offers liberty of conscience to others. Is he not a dear Pope? Must not the Pro testants of -Home be especially, proud of him ? Lethis letter which speaks ." great things " tell of the- love which hebears for Protestants inHomo "Replying to the address presented by the civil employes of the late Pontifical Government, who, refusing to take the oath of allegiance to the King of Italy, have since 1S70 been pensioners of the Vatican, the Pope commenced by lament ing the changes that had taken place. He stated that the designs of Providence, which had assigned to the Soman Pontiff a temporal dominion that he might enjoy a secure liberty, and true independence in the exercise of. his supreme religious power, had been frustrated through the series of crimes which had been successfully consummated, to the injury of the Apostolic See, and through which the Pontiff had been dispoiled of all liberty and indepen dence. The Pope continued : — ' We know also that they cease not from saying and writing that our apostolic authority is reverenced and re spected in Home. But the truth of this assertion may he easily known by slightly bending the ear and listening to the insults which in this same city are with impunity aimed at us, at religiou. and at the Catholic Church, of which, though unworthy, we are the head and supreme pastor. Only a few weeks have passed since beneath our very eyes they cele brated with clamorous rejoicing the anniversary of the violent occupation of Home, that ever sorrowful day for us, which obliged the Pontiff to shut himself within the narrow circuit of these walls. Finally, they go about saying and repeating that nothing interferes with our doing all that is required for the government of the Church. But, on the contrary, it is well known that they place manifold obstacles in our way, whether, for example, by depriving us of the valid help of the religious families who are dispersed iu the hopes of annihilating them, or by advancing pretended rights to , tho exequatur on the Poutificial bulls and! to the patronage of the various episcopal ' sees' in Italy. We shall we say also regarding the occupation ! of churches in Rome, which, closed to public worship, are destined to public uses, the property and dominion of the eccle siastical authorities in them not only being con tested, but even the means of defending their rights at law being denied ? What shall .we say regarding. ;the door left open to impiety. /and heresy, in this, city of Home, our. see and-, the I centre of Catholicism, without it3 being, possible for us to. oppose any sufficient .and. efficacious remedy?- And further, when, impelled. by love; tor the , Homan people, to our special care, r con- fided,, we have endeavoured, at sacrifices beyond our resources, to counterpoise against the Pro testant schools, perilous to the faith; other schools which would give parents every security .for the Christian education of their children, , we could. not do- so by employing the. pontifieial i authority, but solely by using those means which .are! conceded to any, private person whomsoever. Mindful always of our duties,- and knowing what is required, for tho good of . the .Church:aud ; the dignity of thc.Roman Pontificate, .we shall nover acquiescent .the present condition, of .things,1 nor Bhall, we 'cease, as we have never. yet . ceased; from calling for-t-he restitution of all which by fraud and deceit has been taken from . the. Apos tolic See."', (Times, Oct. 26. More HLVLVfaV.— Freeman pretends to doubt the telegrams which tell of. the murders of the Land 'Leaguers, ;!He thinks that the "poor Irish" are. slandered ' by ; "lying Protestants." He knows' quite well that the , Land Leaguers would not touch the hair oftlie head of. any landlord. " He knows thac /the" Irish "hordes" were never f oncl . .pf murder. , Aud lie is ready to prove that. the ' ptsentry, ' of Ireland are j the most quiet, most ffiildi and. .loving , peaturesV \iii the world. Here is.a specimen of ' the ldve""bf the defamed'' " pisentry,' ''A'youn"g?man"'Eamed Henry Wheeler; ... an . tagant jin. Limerick, was "shot ' de'ad;''Nbv!;'T2th, and he was murdered in, /this -loving,, way,:— "Tlie murder of the young man/Henry Wheeler 'was a horrible crime-. ' After being1. struck in the face by the first shot, which passed from his ear to his '"mouth,/he;was' mefcilesslyvpursued 'as he staggered along for twenty yards, and was shot at-.close quarters in the head./-. While - he -lay bleeding-ion the ground a thirdsshot .was fired into' his head,, and lest that should not /be suffi cient, a large stone was used to. .complete .the deed. Mr; Wheeler's father was . agent". to/Mr. 'Lloyd;.': on- whose . laud the murder !was com: mitted ; but the deceased managed the. business; The murder was committed within/a iliundred yards of the house of th'e man. suspected. : The face- of /the. murderer: was! blackened;! land -.- he came, from behind a- /ence-i-but/this'-of; course was only affection. - ; It was the -loving: affection of -the "mild ' pisehtry.'-': Orperhapsit was1 all a/lie ;- or, /-worse .. still,- .lit .was an -.Orangeman pursuing a Land Leaguer's'.pig ! i The /horriblo brutality ofi the deed '. shows -what ; can be : done by.men .who- are lower in. the scale, than .the pigs'.:; .Yet Freeman - lias the .audacity to suggest that, the free .'pisentry" of Ireland are traduced by "lying Protestant telegrams." ' , / 1 -FItzroy . Eloctioo..— The election for- the fixtrabdinarv vacanbv in this ward resulted in the return of Mr; J. 0. Bearo. There was a good deal of enthusiasm among Mr. Beare's friends, and, ; remarkable to. seo, all the Papists 'iff the district voted for the Orangeman. He was warmly backed by Mr. McElhonb; who had' retired; . and the others who were chiefly eonspioubus driving ; up' cabs, and vehicles, , were true ' sons ' of the Church.'.. Of course there' was; some adequate! reason .foff this unusual' manifestation /of brotherly . affection on the part of Dr. Vaughan's " good citizens. " ' The contest did not involve any great: principle as any one' of the three ' who offered, themselves woiild serve the ward about as /well as thff other We thought the odds to be for Mr./Graham, as thb main who had most experieffce!. /His non- residence ' in the ward ' seoms to havb ' been fatal to his candidature : and then' most of the electors reasoned that as the election was only for the I rest of /Mr. McElhone's time ( there' was nothing to give the' election importance. , Tho End Hot Yot '—We .. junderstand that the Government is : making . searching : inq airy into ' the circumstances of .the! famous Packing Bench Case, which has become now historical. We shall hope that there will be no favour in the. investigation. ! Never." was there a case so bad and corrupt. ' We understand that .dis- closures have been made which ..will justify the Standard in every particular in its exposure. . We cannot: as! yet. give the /particulars, ' 1 but before long the whole thing wHl come before the country. .-We ,haye,fdone,our. duty; and we have suffered fo'r itVbutbcfore the thing is concluded, we shall have mude out justification in every item. -I< As" tit is! wo have no reason to regret what ,w.oy have done. ; i No doubt law costs are " ruiuous affairs " : —but there is something hotter than-: law costs.. ,If the public.be served, if wrong/be 'exposed, /tho. labour involved will yet be rewarded. . -.t!| ?m/iT Tho Uaiyorsity Bill':,— The :Ad -Eundem .Degree Bill of . Dr. Rbnwiok is\ fair'e'ffoiigh:-'' -It 'will be an advantage to '.bring- -.graduates- 'of .other; universities into /communion3 with'-' :our own ; but .we should object -to the ' proposal "to confer the M. A.1 degree on B;A'.s:by sffluxion.of time, without examination/ " The - examination for tho;"M/A.";m'ay not be more than a formal one, when'it is -really faced!: hut the fact that it has to be faced, and work has to .be kept up dud done in order to pos'sees it; is a sort of pledge that those who tako it, arc worthy. We- could name very unwbrthy " B. A.s," who, as Boon as they have soraped:.through,: cast all work to the winds, and at the end of two years become rusticated. They would - then be allowed to assume M. A. I But then, if the absurd proposal of Mr. Slattery, to givo B.A.s the privileges of M.A.s. what is tho use of. .the M. Ay. ?/. The object of Mr. Slattery is only too; patent. /He personally knows nothing about B. A., or. M. A, ; but those who are putting him up .know "what they are after. He is the "Church" member. Mr. Buchanan on Titles. — Ouri David 'is a, curious mixture. . lie no' sooner 'does' a/right thing than, he proceeds to de awroffg one. ; He is sound on' tho. marriage question ; but' he 'dashes .off at' a, tangent into crude, absurdities' on the question of titles. We are a " democratic 'community," .says our David : " and 'therefore .titled1 ought not to be granted I .The 'logic" is rather strange : but logic never troubles David. .But 'is it true that we are democratic in/the sense Mr. Buchanan means? When he dispenses 'witli' his wig and gown, and declines .to be "calledV a"',' learned gentleman," wo shall believe tHat he believes in his fancies. In a British community we belong tc the Crown of England. The Crown of England usually rewards services with some kinds of honor! We have -'never heard of ,tho democratic people' of " these colonies resolving /to decline ' the '/marks - of honor and' pleasure which the- Queen .giyeson account of services. And we ai-e. sure of this, that if. the Queen .were. to consider the claims of our .'David,: on; account of his many eminent political' and legal services, by sending1' him' out an LL;D., or/even a C.M.G.;' David would, be seen to ' go. quickly to his . knees. ; t but ' ' Bour graps's" set tne' children's teeth off edge. " ; The Queen ' -does/ make mistakes at? times'. - She -passes'- by: emiffeht nion and notie'es others less eminent. And' then she is surrbiinded:;;;by '" venal advisers" I Let us / hope 0 that'1 the Queen will, yet read " Australian' history, ! "'/and give' to every man his due I What honor or title/is ade'quate to Mr./ Buchanan's/due ? 