THE REVISED NEW TESTAMENT- Students of the Bible have long felt the want of a translation which would bring out more accurately the senso of the original than the authorised version, faithful upon the whole as it is admitted to be. That want is now sup plied, so far as the New Testament Is con- cerned, . by the revised version which was issued in London on ,20th May Inst, .and has just reached Melbourne. The work was initiated eleven years ago, by the Convocation of Canterbury both Houses having unanimously adopted a resolution to appoint a joint committee to report upon tho desirability of tho revision <$f the authorised, version of the -Old and : New Testaments, whether by marginal notes or otherwise, in all those passages where plain, dear errors, whether in the He brew or Greek text, originally: adopted by translators or in. translation made from the same/ shall, on due investigation, be: found to exist. The- resolution was adopted in Feb ruary, 1870, and. on. tho 7th May of the same year the; committee reported thai a revision of the authorised version was very desirable, and that , one should' be con ducted so as to include the marginal render ings and such emendations as it might, -bo found necessary te insert in the original text. The report further says : — " No new transla tion of -the Bible is contemplated, branny alteration of the language, except where, -in 1 the judgment of tiiemost competent scholars,' such changecis necessary ; . that if suchne cessory changes ore made the oxfating Btyle ehnllbc closely followed; that ' the con vention should nominate a body , of its own members to undertake tho - work of revision, who shall he at liberty, to invite correspond ence with -any persons eminent for scholar ship,- irrespective -of nationality or religiofiu" The English committee on the Old Testament consisted of: the Bishops of St. Davids, Landoff, Ely, Lincoln, 'Bath and AVefls, Archdeacon Rose, Canon Selwyn and Drs. Jebb and M'Kay, They were assisted by Dr. W. L. Alexander, Professor Cbenery, Canon Cook, Professors Davidson, Fairbairn, Leathes, M'Gill, Ferowne, Drs. Davis, GinBburg and Gotcli, Archdeacon Harrison and "W. A. Wright. The English committee on tho New Testament consisted of the Bishops of Win chester, Gloucester and Salisbury, the DeanB of Canterbury and Westminster, Canon Blakesley, assisted by Drs. Angus, Sadie, Lightfoot, Newth, Robert Scott, Yauglian, Professors Milligan,Moulton, Newth, Canons Kennedy and Westcott, Messrs. Hart and Humphrey and Professor Roberts. The English committee on tho New Testament met regularly in Jerusalem Cham- bars under the presidency ' of the Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol. Meetings were held forty days in each year. The committee on the Old Testament met five times, each year. As they have not yet completed their task, we need say nothing at present as to the character "of their performance. The revision of the New Testament was completed 11th Novem ber, I860. Contemporaneously with the appointment of tho English committee a New Testament company was formed in tho United States to co-operate with that in London. The mode of working was substantially as follows : — " The English company first re vised the Greek text and the translation, examining' together every verse and every word. Bis was done at the rate of about forty verses a day, -and it took six -years to complete the first revision. As each portion was completed copies were sent to tho Ameri can company, who, in due course, 'sent back their criticisms - and suggestions. These were carefully .considered .during the second revision, which occupied two years and a half. As the various portions of tho second revision were completed thoy were sent to America, and the Americana sent back further criti cisms and suggestions, which were in turn carefully considered. At lost, the revised ver sion was sent over to America in its final form, and the Americans Bent back in return a list of passages in which they record their prefer ence for other renderings than those adopted by the English company. These will be found at the end of the largo edition of tho Revised Now Testament to be issued by "the University presses." The changes modo are more numer ous' than was expected. According to tho Bishop of Gloucester's report they amount to " between eight and uiuc in every five verses in the Gospels, somewhere about one and a half or threo in every ten verses being for critical changes, and about fifteen for every five verses in the epistles, ono and a half as before being duo to critical changes." Over three hundred words having now different meanings are altered. ; For instance, the word "candle" makes way for "lamp," and "tho stand" is substituted for "a candlestick;" "bottles" have given place to "wineskins;" "epileptic" is substituted for "lunatic." Many of the changes aro due to the attention which lias been given to the proper rendering of articles, pronouns, prepositions and tenses. Thus, "A babe in the manger" has been changed to " The babe;" "The house of prayer" is "A liQUjc of prayer " God be merciful to me, a sinner," is " God be merciful to me, the sinner 5" " Art thou a master in Israel V' is " Art thou the teacher of Israel V" " Deliver us from evil " is " Deliver us from the evil." In regard to chaugcB which are-the result of proper atten tion to tho tense3 in the original, take Gal. ii. 19, 20, where " I am deadte the law " is " I died unto the law and " Am crucified with Christ" is "I have been crucified with Christ." , ' The following collation of texts gives sonic of the more important alterations which have been made, the old version being in the first column and the new version in the second column : — Old Version, Matthew iii.,1: In thoso days cainc John tho Bap. tlst, pr:-ochin£ in tho wil- dcrness of Judca. Matthew ill.. 15: And Jesus unsworing said unto him : Buffer it to be so now ; for thus it bcconieth U9 to fulfil nil righteous ness. Then he suffered 1dm. Matthew iv., 5: Then the devil taketh him up into the holy city, and seltoth him on a pinnacle of the temple. Matthew iv., G: And saith unto him, If thou ho the Son of God, cast thyself down ; for it is written, lie shall give his angola charge concerning thee,' and in their hnnds they shall bear thee up, lc«t at any time thou dnsh thy foot against u stone. Matthew iv., 8: Again, the devil taketh him up into an cxccedine high mountain and shcwetli him nil the kingdoms of the world, ami the glory of them: Matthew iv., 0: And saith unto him : All these things will I give thee if thou wilt fall down and worship mc. Matthew v., 10: Blessed are they which are perse cuted for righteousness sake, for theirs is the king- dom of heaven. Matthew vi., 1: Take heed that vc do not your alms before men, to bo seen of them ; otherwiso ye lrnvc no reward of your Father which 13 in heaven. Matthew vi.,9-13: After this manner, therefore pray yo : Our Fathor . which art in heaven, hal lowed be thy name. . Thy kingdom come, Thy will bo done on earth, as 'it Is iuheaveo. Givo us Uda day our daily, .bread. And forgiro us our debts : S3 ? wo fwgivo <\- our debtors. , And .lead;- jus - not int temptation, but deliver us from ovib-For thine is the kingdom, and' tho nower, t and the glory, for ever. Amen.. ' . Matthew vi., 25: Take -no thought for your life. Matthew xffi., 17: Wliy callcst thou tnc good? There is none good but one, that is God. Matthew xi., 6: And blessed is he, whosoever shall not he offended in Matthew xi., 19: The sou of man came eating and drinking, aud they say, Behold a man glut tonous and a wine bibber, a friend of publicans nnd sinners. But wisdom is justified of her. children. Matthew xvii., 25: He saith, Yes. And when lie was come into the house Jesus prevented him, say ing. What thiukest thou, yimon? Of whom do the kings of the earth take ¥ Matthew xlx., 17: Aud lto said unto him, Why callcst thou me good? There is none good hut one— that is God ; but if thou wilt enter into life, keep tho Commandments. Matthew xx., 23 : And he saith unto thorn, Yo siiall drink indeed of niy cup, and be baptised with tho baptism that I am baptlbou with ; but to sit ou my right hand, and 011 my left, is not mine to. give, but it ahull bo given to tnem for whom it is prujared of my Father. Matthew xxlli., 14 : Woo unto you, Scribes and Pha- risoes, hypocrites 1 for ye dovour widows' houses, and for a protonco make long prayer : therefore yo shall receive the greater damnation. Mutthoir xxv., 41:-Into everlasting flrc. MatthowxL, 23: Thou, Capornaum, siiall bo . brought down to hell. Mark ill., S9. 29: Bui he that shalt blasibeflio against tho Holy Ghost liath never fomvonc3», but is in danger of eternal damnation. Murk vlii., M, 37: In what shall it profit a man if lie shall gafti the wholo world, and lose his own soul? Or wliat shall a mail give in exchange for hls soul ? Mark ix., 44-40: Where thoir worm dlcth not, and < tho fire is not quenched. And if tlijr foot offend tlice, cut it off-; it is better for thee to cuter linlt into , lifo than having two feet to be cast into hell, into ' the lire that never shall be quenched. W hero their warm dleth not, aud tho fire is not quenched. Luko ix., 25 ; For what iYcic Version Matthewiii., 1 : In those days coincth John the Baptist, preaching in tho wilderness of Judca. Matthew Hi., 15: Then lie suffcrclh hlin. Matthew iv., 5: Then tho devil takclh him up into tho holy city and sct- teth him on tho pinnacle of a mountain. Matthew iv., G : And 6aith unto liini, If thou ho tho Son of God, cast thyself down ; for it is written, lie shall give his aiigolsrcharge concerning then, and on their hands they will bear thcc up, lest at any time thou dash thy loot against a stone. Matthow iv., 8: Again, tho devil taketh him unto an exceeding high moun tain ami ahoweth him ail the kingdoms of tho world, and tho glory of them. Matthew Iv. , 9 : Aud said unto him, etc. Matthew v., 10 : Messed were they which were per secuted for righteousness' sake, etc. .Matthew vi.,1: fiut takc heed that ye do not your righteousness before men, to bo soen by them; other wise ye have no reward of your Father which is in heaven. Matthew vi., 9-13 : Our Father which aro in hea ven, hallowed bo Thy name— Thy kingdom conic —Thy will be done as in heaven, so on earth — — Givo us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our debts as wc also have forgiven our debtors —And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from the evil. (Omit the rest). Matthew vi., 25 : Be not anxious for your Iffe. Matthew xiiL, 17: Why askest thouinc concerning that which is good? One there is who is good. Matthew xi., G: And blessed is he whosoever shall not find an occasion ' of stumbling in me. 'Matthew xi. 10 : And wisdom is justified by her works. Matthew xvll., 25: He saith, Yes. And when he was came into the house Jesus spoke first, etc. Matthew xix., 17 : Aud he said unto him, Why askcth thou mo concern- ; ing that which is good? One there is who Is good: hut if thou wouldst enter into life keep tho Com mandments. Matthew xx, 23: And he saith uuto thein, Yo shall drink indeed of uiy cup, arid be baptised with the baptism that I am baptised with ; but to sit ou my right hand, and on my left,' is. not mlno to give, except to those for' whom it is prophesied of my Father. Matthew xxiil. , 14: (Omit entirely.) Matthew xxr., 42: Into tho eternal fire, Matthew xk..23: Tbou shalt go down into hades. Mark iil., 29. 30: But whosoever shall oluphomo against the Holy Spirit hath never forgiven ess, but is guilty of an eternal sin. Mark viii., 30, 37: For what doth'lt profit a man to gain tho wholo wprld and forfeit his lifo? For what can he an equivalent for Ids life ? Mark Ix., 44-40: (Omit entirely.) Luke ix., 25 ; For wliat Is :i man advantaged, if lie gain the whole world and Io-jo liiin.sclf, or bo cast away. Luke ix., 35 : And there camo a voice out of the cloud, saying. This is my beloved Son; hear lliin. Luke x., 15, 10: Ami thou, Capernaum, which arc exalted to heaven,' shall bu thrust down to hull. Jfc that hcarcth you hcarctli mo ; aud lie that despisoth you Uesplseth me ; and hethatdespiseth me dcsplscth him that sent inc. Lukuxl., 2, 3, -1: Aud he said unto them, When yo pray say : Our Father which art in heaven, Hal lowed ho thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, as in .heaven, so on earth. Givo us this day our daily bread, And forgive us our nins, ; for we also forgive every one that is indebted to us. And lead lis not into tomptatinn, but deliver us from evil. Lukcxvl., 8, 9: And the Lord commended tho unjust steward because lie had done wisely ; for the children of this world arc in thoir generation wiser than the children of light- - And I say unto you, Mnke yourselvos friciuki of the mammon of un righteousness, that when yo fail, they mav receive you into ovcrlastiug habi tations. Lukcxvi., ,23: And in hell he lifted lip his eyes, being in torment, and eccth Abraliam afar off, and Lazarus In his borom. Luko xviii., 13: And the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up so much as his eyes to heaven, hut smote upon his breast, saying, God bo merciful, to ine, a sinner. Jolmi., 4: In him was life, and the life was the light of men. Jolm i., 11 : II o camo unto his own, and his own received hirn not. John ii!., 10 : Jesus answered and said unto him, Art thou a master in Israel nnd knowe3t not these tilings V John iv., 0: Now Jacob's well was there. Jesus therefore, being wearied with his journey, sat thus on the well, and it was about the sixth hour. John Iv,, 27 : And upon this camo his disciples, and marvelled that he talked with tho woman ; yet, uo inau said, What ficekest thou? or, Why talkest thou with her? John v., 3, 4: In theso lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered waiting for the moving of the water. For an angel went down at a ccrtaiu 'season into pool and troubled the water ; whosoever then first after the troubling of tho water stepped in was made whole of what soever disease ho had. John viii., 58: Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am. John x., 1G: And other sheep 1 have, which aro not of this fold ; them also I must bring, and thev shall hear my voice ; and' there shall bo ono fold, and one shepherd. Jolm xrli., 21: Fathor, I will that they also whom thou host given me, bo with mo where 1 am ; that they may behold my glory, which thou hast given mo : for thou lovest me before tho foundation of the world. John xxl.,15, 10, 17: So when they had dined, Jesus 6&ld; to Siiuon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou mo more than those I (Simi larly In 10th and 17th verses). Acts il., 47: And tho Lord added to tho Church daily such as should bo saved. Acts vlii., 4 : Therefore, thoy that wo scattered ' abroad went everywhere preaching the word. Aeta viii., 37: And Philip said: If thou be lieve with all thino heart, thou inayest. And ho . answered aud said, t bc- liovo that Josus Christ is tho Son of God. Acts xvil., 23 : For as I passed by and bohbld your devotions, I found an altar with' this inscrip tion: To tho unknown, God. - Whom, therefore, ye iguorantly worship, lUui declare I unto you. Acta xxilL, O : And there arose a great city; and the Scribes that were ; of tho Pharisees' part arose, aud strove, saying, wo find uo oril in this man ; but if a spirit or an ' angel hath spoken to him, ; let us not fight against God. Acts xxvL, 28, 29: Then Asrlppu said unto IPaul, Almost tbou per- i suadest me to be a Chris tian. And Paul said, I would to God that not only thou, but also all that hoar tao this day. woro both almost, ami alto gether Nuchas I am, ex cept these bonds. Romans, v., 4 : Aud pa tience, experience ; aud oxpericnco, hope. Romany, v„ 11 : Atone- meut. Romans vlii., 7: Be cause tho carnal mind is : enmity against God ; for It is not subject to tho law of God, nolthcr, in deed, can be. Romans vlii., 20: For whom ho did foreknow, he ulso did prcdostlnate to bo conformed to tho image of life Son, that he might bo the first bom among many brethren. Romans xv., 18 : For I will not dare to Bpcak of is a whole world if a man losu (or forfeit) his own self. Luko ix. , 35 : And there camo a voice out of the cloud saying, This is my Son, my chosen. Luke x., 15. 10: Ami thou, Cupornum, shall, thou be exalted utile heaven ; thou shalt be brought down into hades. lie that hearcth you hcarcth uio ; aud ho that rojccteth you rcjectclli lum that scut inc. Luke xi., 2, 3, 4 : Ami ho said unto them, When ,io nray say.. Our Father, Hallowed .lAj thy name. Thy kingdom come. Give us day by day our daily bread.- And forgive our sins, for wc ourselves also forgive every ono that is indebted to us, and lead us not into temptation. Lnko xvi.; 8, 9: And the Lord commended the unjii6t qtewnrd, bocaus ho had done wisoly, for the sons of this age are for their own generation more shrewd than thv sons of light. And I say unto you, Make yourselves friondi by means of tho mammon of unrighteousness, for \- that when it fail, thoy may rocuivo you into the eternal tabernacle, or th« tabernacle of the ages. Luke xvi., 23: And Ir bodes he lifted up his eyes, being in torments, and 9eeth Abraham afar off, and Lazarus iu his bosom. Luko xvii!., 13 : And the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up \- so much as his eyes unto heaven, but smote upon his breast, saying, Gou be merciful to mc, tht sinner. John i., 4 : In him was life, nnd tho life is thw light of incu. John i,, 11 : lie came te his own -homo0or posses sion, aud his own people received him nut. John iii., 10: Jesus answered and said unto him, Art thou tho teacher of Israel and knowest not these things? John iv., G: Now Jacob's well was there. Jesus was sitting there by tho well, and it was about the sixth hour. John Iv., 27 : And upon tills came his disciples, ami marvelled that lie talked with a woman ; yet no man said, What seckcst- thou? or; Why talkest thou with hor? John v., 3, 4 : In these lay a grelt multitude of imi>otcnt folk, of blind, halt, withered— (Omiktlio rc3t.) John vlii., 5B: Josus said uuto them, Verily, verily, I say unto yon, Before Abraham was bunt (or camo Into existence) I John x., 10: And other sheep I have, which aro not of this fold ; than also I mast lead, and thev shall hear my voice, anil thoy will become one flock, one shepherd. John xvii., 24 : Father, for that which thou bust given rac. John xx!., If,, 16, 17: Simon, son of John, (Tim same in each versd.) Acts ii., 47: And the Lord added to them, day by day, those that were being saved. Acts vlii;, 4: (Entirely omit.) Acts vlii,, 37: And ' Philip said : If thou be- liovest with all thinehcart, . thou 'inayest. (Omit the rest) Act3 xvii., 23: For us passed by and beheld your devotions, I found on altar witb this inscription : T» an Unknown God, What, therefore, yo worship un knowingly, this declare I uuto you. Acts xxliL, 9: And there aroso a great cry ; , and tho bribes thit were, of the Pharisees' part arose, and 4 strove, saying, We find no evil in tliia man ; but If a spirit or an anccl- hath spoken to him— (Omit tho rest.) Acts xxvL. 28, 29 : And Agrlppa said unto 'Paul, wiihbut little .penroaaio thou wouldst fain nnko mo a Christian. And Paul said, I would to .God, that whether with little' or with much, not thou only, but also all thatlicir me this day, might become such as Z am, exceptthese bonds. Romans v., 4: And pa- tlenco, probation; aiul probation, hope. Rowans v., II : Recon ciliation. Romans vill., 7: Thou shalt not lust, bccauso the carnal mind Is enmity against God: for it is nut subject to the law of God, ncithor, iudeod, con be. Romans vilL, 29: Be cause whom ho foreknew, them he oIbo fore-or- dalncd to hear tho. like ness of tho imago of his. Hon, that ho uiight bo tlio first born among- many brethren. Romans xv., 18 : For I will not dare spcaK:Offtny any of tlioso tliiugs which (.'iirist h:\tli not wrought by me, to make the (Jen- tflesobiuUent by word and deed. , 1\. Corinthians i., 18: For the? preaching of tlic orbfiS' is to tliom- that I>er9ish foolishness, hut unto us which are saved it is tho power of (Jod. L . Corinthians iv., 4: For I know nothing by myself ; yet am I not hereby justified: hut he that judgeth mo is tho Utfd. I. Corinthians xvi., 22: If any man love not the Lord, Jesus Christ, Icthhn bo Anathema, Marun-atha. II. Corinthians i., 18-20: Hut as Cod is true, our word toward you was not ycuund-uay. . In 'tho 'word, of Cod, Jesus Christ, who was preached anions ,ypu by us, even by. mo and Sil- vaults aud Timoihcus, was. not; yea and nay, but iu him, was yon. l'druil tho promises of Coddnbim am yea, and- in bim Amen unto the jQry of Cod by us. things have those wliieli Christ wrought through nic, far the obedience of the (icntiluj, by word anil deed. I. Corinthians, i., IS: l'or the word of the cross is to them .that arn pcrBbshinp foolishness, imt unto us, which aro belli',' saved, etc. I. Corinthians iv., 4: For I know nothing against luj self, etc. I. Corinthians xvi., 22? If any man loves not the Lord, let hitn ho anatlieina, ttic.Lord coiucth. II, Corinthians i., 18-20: But ns Cod is faithful, our word toward you is not yea and nay, for the Son ofiUod, Jesus Christ, who < was preached- alone you by us, oven by me and Silvmius and Timothy, was not yea mul tiay, but in liitp is yea, for bow manysoevor be tho pro mises of Cod, in iiiin is the yon, wherefore also- tbroujfli him is the Amen - to the glory of Gad through 11' Corinthians ii., 15 : For wo aro unto Cod a sweet savour of Christ, in them- that aco saved and in them that perish. II CoriuthlauB iv., 0 : For Cod, .who commanded the light to shine out -of darkness, hath shiucd in ur hearts, to givo. tho. light uf tho knowledge of the- glory of Cod in the face of Jesus Christ. II .Corinthians xi., 20 : For ye suffer, if a man bring you into bondage, if ulan devour you, if a mat; take of you. if a man ejcnlt . hlnwolf, if . a man unite you on the face. Galatlans il, II), 20 : I through tho law um dead to the law. that I might live unto Cod. I am cru cified with Christ, oto. Epllcslans iv., 32 : Even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you. Kplicrians vf., 24: Grace he with them that iove urLord Josua Christ with. sincerity. Amen. II Corinthians ii., 15: For wo aro unto a sweet: savour oL Christ in them tlmt are being saved and in them thataro perishing. II Corinthians iv., (j : Because it is Cod that said, Light/ shall shine out of. darkness, who shincd In our hearts, to give the light , of tho knowledge of the glory uf God in the faee of Jesus Christ. Ii Corluthinns xi., 20 : I'or ye bear with if a man bring you into bondage, ' Calatians ii., 10,. 20 : 1 through tho law diod un to the. law that 1 might llvo unto .God. I have been crucified unto Christ. Epbcslans iv., 32 : Even as God also in Christ for- gave you. Epliesiatn vi., 24 : Grace be with all them-lhat love our Lord Jesus Christ in uueorruptuessi Anion. Philippiaus ii., 0, 7 : Who buing in- tho form of God .thought it not rob bery to be ccpiat with God. . Philippiaus ii.,13: For it is God which workuth iirynu both'to will and to do of Ids good pleasure. Philippions ill., 20, 21: For our conversation is In heaven-; from wlienco ulso we look for the Saviour, tho Lord Jesus Christ : Who shall cbango our vile bodv, that :t may bo fashioned like unto his glorious body, according to tho working whereby lie is ablo even to subdue nil things to himself. Colo. il., 7, 15, 23: , And having spoiled prin cipalities and powers, ho nuulo a show of thcoi openly, triumphing over them in It. Which things havo in deed a show of wisdom in will-worship; and humi lity, and- neglocting of tho body ; not in any honor to tho satisfying of the flesh. II Thessaloniaus 1., 0': tfeoimMt is a -righteous Philippiaus ii., 0, 7 : Who, being in. tho form of God, counted it not a prize to ho on an equality with God, hut emptied hinift-if, taking the form of a servant. Philippiaus ii., 13: For it Is God <whic!4 worketh in you both to will and to work so ids good pleasure. I'hillppiuns Hi., 20, 21 : For our citizenship is in .heaven, from whence also we wait for a .Saviour, tho Lord Jesus Christ1, who shall transform the body of our hMiuiliation that it may be conformed to tho body of his glory. Colos. ii., 23: Having put off from himself the, principalities and the powers, ho made a show of them openiy, triumph ing over them in it. Which things have im deed a show of wisdom in will-worship, aud: hmnb lity, and severity to1 the hotly ; hut aro not of any value against tho indub genco of tho flesh. 11 ThcFsaloidaus 1., 0: If so bo that it U' a right- . thing with God to recom pense tribulation to them that trouble you. I Timothy ill., 10: And without controversy great is tho mystery of godli ness: God was manifest- in th'o flesh,' justified in spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gen- , tiles, believed on iu tho world, received up into glory. Timothy vh, 10: The love of money Is tho root I nil ovil. II Timothy UL, 10: All scrlpthro Is given by in- spiratioii' of God,- and is' ; profithblo for doctrine. Hebrews ii., 0: But we 1 sbfi Jesus, who "was1 made little lower thin tho an- tfels, for ' the sifffcrihgr of death, crowned M'ith'glory and honor ; that ho l>y tho grace of God should tasto ' death for every niau." Hebrews iL', -10: For , , verily. ho toolf not on him- tile ni'turt of ah'gels ; but lio took on hiin tho seed of cons -thing to wish God to recompense allllction to them that afflict you. I Timothy Hi., 10 : And without controversy the pillar arid ground of the truth is tho great mystery of godliness, he who was manifested in tho flesh, justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached unto tho Gen tiles, believed on in the world, received up into glory. Timothy vi.,.10:Tho love of money is tho root of all kinds of evil. "II Timothy iii., 10: Every scripture inspired of God is also profitable for teaching. Hebrews il.. f) : But him who whs made for some little time lower than thi angels, -Jesuit,' wo see, on account of the suffering of death, crowned with glory arid' hAridr, in order that he, by tho grace of Gmi; should tasto death for all; \ - Hebrews il., ; 10 :r For vq- iiy lichclp not angels but it is the seed of Abra ham that ho hclns. Abraham. Hebrews' xi., 10: But now tlioy desiro a' better country, that is, an hen- \- vcnly : wherefore God Is riotashanied to he called theh God: for' ho hath prepared them a city. I'Jnhn v.;-7 : For tlicro are thoso that bear wit ness iu lieuvcri,' the' Fa ther, tho Word, and tho Holy Ghost, and these three aro one. 1 Revelations xxll,, 14: Blessed aro they that do Ids commandments, that they may have right to, the tree ol lifo, aml inuy. "enter in -through the Rates into tho eitv. Hebrows'xi., 10: But now they desired a better country, that is a lira- vonly; whorcforo God' is not ashamed' of them,' to 1 lio called their God : for 1 ho hath prepared- for them a'clty. Omitted; IlovelationR x.\ii.;. 14 : Blessed arothey that wash their robes, that they uiay liavo tho right to como to the tretf'of life, and iriay enter in by tho gates into the city. Tho above collation of texts as they ap ' pear in tho old version and in the new, will enable tho general reader to form his judgment' as to tho value of the revision raado by the committee of revisory Objootions will no doubt bo raised in many ' quarters tosoino of tho changes, but thero can bono doubt that tlie-ro'viserS have exercised due caro, and that their work is worthy of their reputation for' fullness and accuracy of scholarship. 