THJN(JS IN GENERAL. BY " RAMBLER." OUR misnomer, the Windsor School of Arts, is flourishing as of yore. The work ing of the noble institution is sufficient to stamp it as one of the best of its kind this side of Jordan. The Committee work with a superhuman zeal to commend it to the subscribers. How far they succeed can be ascertained by interviewing1 any of the literary subs. The selection of nooks has hitherto shown to what an extent good authors are appreciated by the parties select ing. With tew exceptions, the works are of mediocre description, and of authors of very little calibre. Fancy any sane person going for one of the " Daisy series "-the person who suggested those soul-thrilling, interest ing, and romantic works evidently knows as much about literary pabulum ns Jem Row thorn knows about Mahomet's futher-in-law. In a public institution such as the School of Arts the varied tastes of the subscribers should be studied-it is hardly fair that one section of the community should have it all their own way-which is the case here-one can discover on the book-shelves so many works on spiritual affairs that would lead him to believe he had strolled into a Druidi cal temple or au editor's sanctum. There are certainly a few readable books in the library, but there is such enquiry for them that a sub. has very little chance of getting on the truck of one of them for a century or so-and then he is mildly informed that the book he enquires for is lost. A suggestion book is left on the table, but if one makes a suggestion the chances are that he will bc considered a vile man, and the books sug gested sufficient to bust up the whole uni verse ; and yet such delicate works as written by Fielding and Smollett are allowed to grace the shelves. What consistency ! The cultivation of the mind seems to be little sought utter-and as for arts-good lor !-you might as well look for a clean shirt on Jeinn.y Ducks as to look for anv such thing in our institution. Magazines are regularly luid upon the table-and if perchance ono lakes one up he will very like'v find that the loaves have not been cut -showing iiow much they are desired. If the Committee dispensed witli these " inter esting " periodicals, and went in for more colonial rewspupers, the wishes of the sub scribers would be gratified. And as re gards the issuing of books-a list should be kept of the names of those enquiring for a certain book, and they should have an oppor tunity of taking it out in rotation. The lamps, more especially the one in front of thc building, are u credit to the care-taker. Frequently, one is disturbed by mellifluous melodies wafted o'er the air of the reading room, dished up bj' some canorous patties. Altogether, tho Windsor School of Arts stands out iu bo'd relief as the greatest parody on a literary- institution ever the world saw. DIOOENEP, the other day, was prowling around this sublunary sphere, armed with a two-horse power lantern. The object of his search was an honest man, or, perhaps, a stray tanner. Whether or not he found one is not written. History so far repeats it self in this glorious laud, that if one merely desires to find the entrance to a place of worship or an hotel he is necessitated to stand behind a " glimmer." Where is our boasted civilization .' Ghost of Ctesar ! must we cudurc this .' It is meet that our good meu aud true bestirred themselves to remove this great evil. The perigrinntiug portion of our population, desirous of doing an evening's crawl are diary about it-for while so doing the jostling, stumbling, and profanity they are subjected to would make a bush missionary weep-much more our respected townies-we ure behind the times, of a certainty. REMINISCENCES of the past arc con tinually confronting rae. In days of yore, when I was wont to hunt the stag, fox, and other birds of prey, with Mrs. Diana and her lively train-I was considered some iu the manner of my equestrianism over brake, bramble, and Bathurst burr ; ¡ind you'd better nelieve that I was a tew-I knocked spots off Act:t>on and mea of that ilk. The huntresses (sonic of thom '? as putty as a spotted dorg”) generally were gone on me -and altogether 1 hud considerably bully times. In the chase I was sure to lie in ¡it the death, ¡md could sever the dorsal elonga tion with a dexterity second to none. It was the custom to present the " brush " to the favoured one of your heart, ¡iud fre quently jealous sirens would go for cadi other whilst coutemliiig for the spoil. Wo in Australia are now taking up the cue, but as we have no stags nor foxes to hunt, we must, ol' necessity, hunt hares-only we don't-our canine friends do it for us. Thc bunnin venn tors don't go for the cundill por tion of the ¡mima!-b it. secure his aini culars. It is now the correct thing to wear a hare's ear, and, indeed, it is an appro priate ornament for our fair ones-(that is, | of the femir ine gender) it being emblemati cal, as it were, of all that is timid, gentle, and wayward. 