WAMBERAL. Br Henry Kendall. Just a shell, to which the seaweed, glittering yet with greenness clings, Like the song that once I loved so, softly of the old time sines — Softly of the old time speaketh — bringing ever back to me Sights of far-off lordly forelands — glimpses of the sounding sea 1 ITow the cliffs are all before me — now, indeed, do I behold Shining growths on wild wet billheads, quiet pools of green and gold. And, across the gleaming beaches, lo the mighty flow and fall Of the great ingathering waters thundering under Wamberal ! Sack there are the pondering mountains — there the dim dumb ranges loom Ghostly shapes in dead grey vapour — half- Been peaks august with gloom. There the voice of troubled torrents, bidden in unfathomed deeps, Known to moss and faint green sunlight, wanders down the oozy steeps. There the hike of many runnels nestles in a windless wild Far amongst thickfolded forests, like a radiant human child. And beyond surf -smitten uplands — high above the highest spur — Lo ! the clouds like tents of tempest on the crags of Kincumber ! Wamberal, the home of echoes ! Hard against a streaming strand, Sits the hill of blind black caverns, at the limits of the land. Here the haughty water marches — here the flights of straightened sea Make a noise like that of trumpets, breaking wide across the lea ! But behold, in yonder crescent that a ring of island locks Are the gold and emerald cisterns shining moordike in the rocks ! Clear, bright cisterns, zoned by mosses, where the faint wet blossoms dwell ' With the leaf of many colours — down beside the starry shell. Friend of mine beyond the mountains, here and here the perished days Come like sad reproachful phantoms, in the deep grey evening haze — Come like ghosts, and sit beside me when the noise of day is still, And the rain is on the window, and the wind is on the hill. Then they linger, but they speak not, while my memory roams and roams Over scenes by death made sacred — other lands and other homes ! Places sanctified by sorrow— sweetened by that face of yore — Face that you and I may look on (friend and brother) nevermore ! Seasons come with tender solace — time hicks neither light nor rest ; But the old thoughts were such dear ones, and the old days seem the best. And to those who've loved and suffered every pulse of wind or rain — Every song with sadness in it, brings the peopled Past again. Therefore, just this shell yet dripping, with this weed of green and grey, Sets me thinking — sets me dreaming of the places far away : Dreaming of the golden rockpools — of the foreland and the fall ; And the home behind the mountains looming over WamberaL As plainly then as on the days that were in those past years, came before hi™ the green of the pasture lands and the sombre tints where the heath blossom gleamed, and the . great organ-rocks echoing back the music of As plainly then as on the days that were in those past years, came before hi™ the green of the pasture lands and the sombre tints where the heath blossom gleamed, and the . great organ-rocks echoing back the music of marsupial Meditations Or what is yonder 'old man' Backing 'gainst the ' string] bark.' T-oes he ponder, idly dreaming, 2Ieditating questions dark ? Does he wonder at the seeming Want of thought, that all his order Were not mentioned, uoi gazetted In the schedule of the ark ? ^C* Is he hart that, while the lion,] Tiger, elephant, giraffe. Species, great~and^mall, mam malian ^^_ ('cepting his, [unique, Austra lian) Were made'note of in the'.boat of Captain Noah, of ancient his try, { 'Tell us,' old man, 'whafs themysfry?' His eyes have lost their soft ness tender. Fear, his troubled gaze denotes. He neither muses on tradition, Mr. Noah, giraffes, nor boats, No each speculations horrass ; (I#et these, human vision fog:) - He's a-waitinfr to defend, a Fierce attack from *? this here' dog. Chas. Tuekeb. 