A TRIP TO THE EVAN'S RIVER. "BY MR. J. MCKINNON, CORAKI. FRIDAY 17, at 10 p.m.-This was a beautifully fine day,- To sea again this morning early, accompanied by Messrs. L. and Alex. Mackin- non, pulled over to the reef at.once, to look for more codfish, saw a very large turtle near the ************************************nearer; I would like to come across one of them on the beach, as I know that they must land some time the year for breeding purposes. Now, Mr. Editor, if you would only let us know how to capture one of them, next time that we will come across one, we will willingly give you the fish for turtle soup. We only want the shell as an ornament ; saw several of them today, some of them large enough to cross over the bar in the shell, if it was cleared of the fish. Nearly lost the boat on the reef this morning, got close up to it, where I hooked a schnapper, while, haul- ing, it in a number of codfish made a race at it. Messrs. L. and A. hooked a large one each, they made a race for the reef, as they felt the hooks sticking into them, (only about 30 yards off), a sea breaking on it at the same time came careering to us, half filling the boat. We got in such a hurry to get clear of the breakers, that both L. and A. snapped their lines, and consequently lost their fish, which they bewailed, after getting a respectable distance from the reef. After that, had great sport ; a nice day. no wind, kept about the reef, could see all the fish on the bottom within yards of us, as we were drífting about ; also, all sorts of holes and crevices in the rocks, where the codfish hides itself, till another fish is passing by, when it darts out and makes it, its prey. It will not do to let them have too much line when hooked, as they will make for the nearest hole in the rocks. jMr. L had the luck of catching four very large ones to-day again, I caught one about 60lbs., only a small one compared to the others. We caught besides, 74 schnapper, and a few mackerel ; started for the Little River at half-past 2 p.m., arriving there at 4 p.m., where we found Mr. Nolan rather lonesome, through being by himself all day. But one consolation for him that he wounded with a dose of leaden pills two crows, for their thieving propensity ; supposed to be those two; that made free with the tobacco pipes the day before. Had some fun with sharks to-day for about an hour, they were that numerous about us for a while, that actually we could not see the bottom at times ; they would come up hitting the boat with their fins and tails, rather unpleasant neighbours, considering that it is a very frail old boat we have with us. We were prodding at them with lances and paddles trying if we could manage to rip one up, or bleed him, when a number of the rest would give him chase. . At last we had to shift to another place, as we could not get a fish where we were, with them. After tea, this evening all hands cleaning fish on the beach, or rather rocks, and being dark, had to have recourse to bush lamps. Towards 8 at night, as we were near done, Mr. Nolan went to the camp to stir the fire up, and to make us a cup of coffee, as it was rather cold cold. By the time he got to the tent, as we thought, we heard him letting such a roar out of him, made us spring to our feet, then shout after shout. After a few seconds, we heard great trampling and crackling of bushes, through the scrub close at hand. Mr. Nolan backing down to us, told us that as he got to the tent, the first thing he noticed was, two large balls of fire shaking and quiver- ing by the door, (the door post is fixed in a blackfellows grave), so he shouted at first, to see if the balls of fire would move, when hear- ing its breath coming hard and fast, made him shout again and again, till, whatever it was took to its heels, and made off up up the hill as hard as it could go ; whether a ghost, bullock or kangaroo, could not say. But Mr. Editor I can assure you, that it kept us awake most of the night talking and thinking about ghosts. Saturday 18th.-This has been another beautifu day. Off early this morning, with Mr. L. to the reef for more codfish. After, rounding Evan's Head, found a heavy roll from the south. However, we made for the reef, after getting well over, found we could not get near the fish- ing ground at all, so turned back. After getting north and west of the heads, found it as smooth as ever, managed to catch 12 schnappers off the Flat Rock. There is no fish about like it used to be, may get amongst a school of them for a few minutes, then be an hour or two with- out a bite. I consider that from ½ to a mile, straight out from Flat Rock, is about the best place for fishing. Pulled back to camp by 1 p.m. Kept about the place for the evening, had great fun with porpoises, by sunset, a num- ber of them passed, up with the floodtide ; came down with the ebb, as they were passing our tent, all hands commenced pelting thom with stones, and drove them back. After a short spell, they carne on again, but we were ready for them, drove them back the second time, and third also, but the fourth time, neither shouting at them, nor pelting them with stones would stop them, so they broke through. Mr. T. Nolan giving one of them an awful pelt with a stone in the back of the neck, that made him travel almost at lightning speed, till he gained the ocean, half the time skipping along on top of the water. Never saw anything like it. I don't think that they would come in again in a hurry. Had a deal of trouble with Mr. L. Mackinnon and Mr. T. Nolan, persuading them to wait till Monday, they wanted to go home to day, (they are married men), I, simple old bachelor thinking, that they ought to be glad to be away from scolding wives, and squalling children three weeks out of every four. Alex, and I refused to go, so they had to stay two days longer in happiness. Sunday, 19.- A beautiful day, this being the Christian Sabbath, stayed about the place all day But, though it was Sunday, it did not detain some of the Evan's River fishermen with others, from Woodburn, from going out fishing and boarding the Coraki steamer, as she was passing north for Ballina, I do not for one, think it is right to go fishing on this day, that we are commanded to abstain from all unnecessary work. Still others are of a different opinion, but I hardly think that any good can come off it. To bed early to-night. Oakfield, Monday, 20. 9 p.m. Up at ½ past 2 this morning, made some coffee, and crossed out over the bar at 3 in company with Mr. L., a fine clear moonlight morning but very cold. Pulled round to the fishing ground off the Flat Rock, managed, to hit on a shoal of Schnappers, caught 30 in about 15 minutes, then missed them, and thought we stopped outside until 9, we only caught other 10 schnapper and 9 flatheads, 49 in all. Had a splendid view of the four planets (Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn), rising as it it was out of the ocean. But what we longed for, was to see his Majesty the sun rise ; to warm us as as we were very cold, especially our ears, they were that much, effected with the cold that, a person, every now and then had to feel if they were still hanging to his head. At last, after many an anxious glance to the eastward, the darkness o night began to dispel in the east, and flee away to the west, at the same time, rays of light commenced to dart upwards from the east, getting longer and brighter every moment.. At last, the rim of a bright object appeared out of the sea, rising higher and higher, until the whole orb of the sun was above the horizon, sending a warmth and joy to 