ENLARGEMENT OF ALL SAINTS' CHURCH, WOOLLAHRA. The ceremony of laying the corner stone of the enlarge- ment of All Saints Church, Woollahra, was performed on Saturday afternoon by the Right Rev. Bishop Moorhouse, Bishop of Melbourne. The enlargement will complete the full length of the nave in accordance with the plans pre- pared by the architect of the church, Mr. Blackett. The contractor for the main portion of the building, Mr. Kirk- ham, also has the contract for the extension, which is expected to cost £4000, exclusive of the cost of the tower. Prior to the ceremony of laying the stone, a special service, in which part was taken by the Bishop of Mel- bourne, the Rev. H Wallace Mort, M. A., incumbent of All Saints', the Rev. Dr. Corlette, and several of the dele- gates to the General Synod, was held in the church. In the course of an address delivered by Dr. Moorhouse, he said that some people contended that all this church building was a mistake, and that the world had about out- grown its former theological ideas. Ho had heard a cultured man proclaim on a Melbourne platform, "Religion belongs to the next world, and morality belongs to this; I care nothing about the next world, and therefore I have done with religion." The first impression was one of absolute astonishment and bewilderment as to where that gentleman had got his idea of religion, because, if our religion should have nothing to do with the next world, we were faced by the very remarkable fact that, at the very time the religion of the Israelites was at its purest, it had no religion at all. He supposed that the gentleman he re- ferred to being a man of culture, had read and approved of Bishop Warburton's statement that there was nothing explicitly contained in the Pentateuch about the future life, so that at the time the religion of the Israelites was at its purest it had no religion at all. A single moment's thought should have convinced that gentleman of the absurdity of the statement. Is there a God, we asked? The gentleman was disposed to grant that there was. If there be a God, He was our Creator and Preserver, and, therefore, as we were related to Him as creature to Creator, upon that relationship was built this duty, that we should love Him with our whole heart, not in the next world only, but in this, in every act of our life, in every feeling of our heart, and with every word of our lips. He could easily understand it being objected that if before we did or said, or felt anything, we had to put to ourselves the question, "How would God have me to do this?" It would take away all the spontaneity of our life. They would all admit that the dutiful child ever puts before its eyes the will of the godly parent. But the child did not pause before saying or doing anything to ask, "What would my father nave me to do?" The child has lived under the influence of the father's example and pre- cept until the will and precepts of the father have become a part of the mental state of the child, and inspires all its thoughts and feelings and actions. Doubtless the child is unconscious that such is the case until some great temptation arises. So would it be with us if we lived day by day in the presence, and under the will, of the Heavenly Father, until, when we have some strong temptation, we should find that will standing as a giant in the way. No morality could be effective, no morality could be perfect, unless it was built upon religion. Some people talked about utilitarian morality, and that if a man did well, it was to be from the motive that he should deny himself for the good of the greater number. If a man be good that consideration would have great weight, but he did not believe that that conside- ration would ever make a man good. We heard a great deal of men sacrificing themselves for the public good, but he supposed that here, as in the neighbouring colony, there were ominous whispers from the vasty deep that statesmen did not always appoint men to public offices for their merits, and that farmers, and selectors, and miners sometimes acted for their own, and not for their neighbours' good. If there be no morality but that of utilitarianism, there would be no morality that would influence men's lives. But if a man loved his brother for the sake of their Father in Heaven, and in the faith and hope that God would assist him in his weakness, he did believe that morality would influence a man's life. A man ought to tell the truth, but if he did only on the utilitarian ground, if only on that ground he recognised that honesty was the best policy; if, as Whately said, a man had no higher principle than that, it would not be given, to him in the moment of temptation to see that that was the truth. Holding such views us these, he believed that in the building and enlargement of churches they were doing a work which would last for all time. The day would never dawn that would see the church and the gospel fade. They would outlast the world and the fading laws of men, for the laws of Heaven were eternal. It was said that Augustus placed in the forum at Rome a golden milestone, to mark the spot from which, and to which, all the reticula- tion of the highways should connect with the metropolis of the empire. It seemed to him that the church that had been built upon the spot where he was standing was the golden milestone of the parish. It was to be the centre to which they were to bring their offerings of faith and obedience, and present them upon the altar, from that place was to go forth the message of God's blessing. He prayed God that the sun of His grace might gleam brightly upon this golden milestone, and the spiritual division of which it was the centre. After the service the chief stone of the extension was for- mally laid by the Bishop, who said: " I lay this as a chief corner stone of the enlargement of All Saints' Church; in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Beneath the stone were placed copies of the news- papers of the day, and a scroll giving the particulars of the extension, and the names of the incumbent and office- bearers of the church. A collection was made in aid of the building fund. The choir of the church was assisted by members of the following, viz:-- St. Andrew's Cathedral, St. Mark's, Darling Point, Christ Church, Sydney, St. James', Sydney, St. Mary's, Waverley, All Saints', Petersham, St. Thomas', Willoughby, &c.; the whole being under the direction of Mr. T. Sharp, organist and choirmaster of All Saints', assisted by Messrs. W. T. and F. L. Sharp, organists respectively of St Mathias', Paddington, and St. David's, Surry Hills, who presided alternately at the instru- ment. It may be mentioned that a large three-manual organ, from specifications prepared by the present organist, is being built in England under the supervision of Mr. E. J. Hopkins, the well-known organist of the Temple Church, London, and is expected to arrive and be erected in the church in time for the opening services in the completed building. 