'FREEMASONRY EXPOSED. The following graphic (?) letter, contri- buted by 'A Victim' to the order, which appeared in the Freemasons' Monthly Maga zine, will doubtless be read with interest I have joined the Masonic fraternity, Mr. Editor. I am a free and accepted son, or brother, or whatever it is, of that ancient and mysterious organization. I havo belonged to many secret societies in my time — I have been an Orangeman and a Son of Temperance and a Fenian, and, if I remember aright, I once belonged to a gang of coiners — but this Masonic arrangement, this institution of the compass and square, distances them all. I had often wondered what sort of a thing a Mason was— in what respects he differed from an ordinary being. Again and again have I pumped persons who I thought knew what was what with a view of finding out something regarding these queer men, but it was no go. Mum was the word, and those who could tell wouldn't, and those who would couldn't ; for further information I was to go and find out. I had a vague idea of my own that a Mason was a sort of supernatural being, a regular ring-tailed roarer, with horns, and hoofs to match, who could come down the chimney or get through a keyhole, and disappear like a flash of lightning — a chap that would knock blazes out of a fellow with a wink of his eye, and of whom the devil himself was afraid. There is one singular thing connected with Masonry of which you are perhaps not aware, and that is a Mason never dies. Occasionally it is given out that a brother has departed this life, and the fraternity is respectfully 'summoned to do honour to his remains ; but it is all a sham, a big swindle, gotten up to throw dust in the eyes of the uninitiated. The coffin is stuffed full of bricks, and deposited with due solemnity in the cemetery, while the brothers and friends are blubbering their eyes out over the grave of the dear departed, and tho departed is quietlv enjoying himself in the back room of some hotel, preparatory to leaving for parts unknown. It is a fact, Mr. Editor, Masons never die. They may change their appearance and move off to other spheres, but as for dying, they can't do it. It is supposed by some that, after they have transacted wickedness enough on this earth, they are transformed into comets and meteors, and go wandering through space, kicking up shines and raising the devil generally. And a great many people suppose that the last meteoric display was nothing more or less than a free fight between some rival lodges that have crossed each other's path — the different colored lights betokening the different degrees they had acquired in the flesh. Freemasonry is of ancient date, as proved by the fact that during the wet season Noah used to hold meetings in the corner of the ark. He was obliged to give it up, however, owing to the curiosity of Mrs. Noah, who, notwith standing the fact that her husband placed a big pair of lions and a big crocodile at the door as outside guard, came pretty near find ing out the secret, and starting a female lodge on her own hook. I must tell you the perils and trials I had to undergo to become a Mason. On the evening in question I presented myself at the door of tho lodge- room, No. 66,666, signs of the skull and crossbones. I was conducted to the ante room, where five or six melancholy chaps, in sashes and embroidered napkins, were waiting to receive me. On my entrance they all got up and turned back sommersaults, and then quietly rosumed their seats. A big fat fellow, who sat in the middle, and who seemed to be tho proprietor, then said, ' Sinner from the outward world advance.' I advanced. 'Will you give up everything to join us?' 'Not if I know it,' said I. 'There's my wife and fourteen fine —— ' (Another party here told me it was a more matter of form.) The fellows in the towels then groaned, and said, ''Tis well.' 'Do you swear never to reveal anything you may see or hear this evening, not to your wife?' I said, ' 'Pon my word, I will not;' They then examined my teeth and felt my muscles, and made me put out my tongue, and then groaned again. I said, ' If you don't feel weII, I have got a little bottle here, that —— ' That fat man took the bottle from me, and told me to shut up. He then, in a voice of thunder, said, ' Bring forth tho goat.' Another fellow then camo forth to blindfold me. ' No, you don't, Mr. Mason,' I said ; no tricks on travellers, if you please. I don't believe playing in blind man's buft with a goat. I'll ride the devil, if you like, but I don't go it blind. Stand back or I'll knock you into smithereens,' They were too much for me, however, nnd I had to suibmit to bo blindfolded. The goat was theri'led in, and I couldhear him making an awful racket among the furniture. I be gan to feel that I was urgently wanted at home, but I was in for it, and could not help: myself. Three or four fellows then seized me, and with a demoniacal laugh pitchcd me on the animal's back, telling me at the same time to look out for squalls. I have been in a good many scrapes, Mr. Editor ; I've been in an election fight -'. I've been pitched out of a four- storey window ; I have gone down in a railroad collision, and up in a steamboat ex plosion, but this great excursion was ahead of them all. Tho confounded things must be all wings and horns,. It bumped me against the tables and the stove and the ceiling, but I hung on like a Trojan. I turned front somer saults, and rolled over till I thought it was all over with me. I was just on the point of giving up when the bandage fell from mine eyes, and tho goat bounded through the win dow with a yoll like a Comanche Indian giving up the ghost. I was in a lodge of Masons. They were dancing a war dance around a skull, and playing leapfrog and turning hand springs, and tho big fat fellow of tho nuto room was standing on his head in the corner, finishing tho contents of my little bottle. Order was soon restored, nnd I was led up to a desk and told to stand at my ease. The chief engineer of the establishment then put his thumb to his nose, and stretching his fingers in the shape of a fan towards me, com manded silence. The rest of the brethren did likewise, and were silent. The governor then addressed me, — ' Brother Knobb, you are now one of us. You are now a member of an institution that has lasted over ten millions of years. From this time hence your constitution is sound. You are imper vious to light or heat, or any other atmos pheric influence. You are water-proof, fire proof, and over-proof. With impunity you may wa'k through tho lake, or sit on a red hot stove ; with impunity drink aquafortis, rye whiskey, Wahoo bitters, or any other poisonous substance. You are free from rheumatism dyspepsia, whooping-cough, and the measles. The sheriff dare not seize vou for debt, nor the policeman for misdemeanor. You are us and you are safe. Here is the pass-word ; with that and a big club you can get into any lodge in Christendom.' I then stood the whisky and water all the way round, and I was a free and accepted Mason. Marribd in Jest. — Marriage is often a tragedy, and sometimes a joke, but a cere mony in Michigan gone through in burlesque has turned out rather serious. Not long since, at a party, the young people thought to enliven the occasion by a mock-marriage. Miss Lillie Symonds, of Madison, Wisconsin, and Mr Phil Starke, of Montreal, volunteered to play the part of brido and groom. The marriago was carried out in overy detail, tho ceremony being performed by a gay and fes tive young man named Frank Preston from the ' Justices's Guide,' the young people making appropriate responses, and even the marriage certificate was made out and signed in legal form. This was considered a very pretty piece of wit, but on the following day il pri'si- nttid itself in a rather serious light to Mr .Siai ke and Miss Syraonds, who had no intention of becoming man and wife, but who learned that nndor the laws of Michigan they were as securely married as if the ceremony had been performed by a live minister or a real justice. They consulted lawyers, and were informed that tho only remedy would be to begin proceedings for a divorce, which however, is no very serious matter in a country where the conjugal tie hangs loosely. But young Starke became alarmed, hoisted the white feather, and left for bis home in Canada, while Miss Symonds'.. parents sent for her to return to Madison. It appears the young lady was engaged soon to be married to another young man ; and to do so legally it will be necessary to have the mock marriage annulled. The affair is naturally a windfall for the gossips, and would supply the stage with some new situations fer farcical comedy. A Cool Customer.— An Echuca corres pondent of the Age, writing on July 8, Bays: — The man who was arrested at Moama for horse-stealing turns out to have been an ad venturer of the first water. Ho now gives the name of Thotnas Ferguson. He stole one of Malone's (closely resembling Cobb and Co.'s) coaches, at the Mount Brown diggings, and brought a load of passengers down to Elmore. There he sold the two horses he bad driven, and the same night stole four others, two of which were from a selector named Spellacy. With his new equipment he drove through Echuca, with the idea of making for Denili quin, where he intended to take up a load of passengers for some other parts. He was however, stopped while en route. Fergu'on was brought before the bench yesterday, and remanded to Sandhurst, from whence he will be forwarded to Elmore. The warrant for his arrest reached here to-day. Mounted constable Donnelly had a fine j ib in taking the coach andjhis prisoner to thoir destina tion, aud his leaving this town 'was a little episode. The horses would not go. and jib bod and pranced nbout so much that it was with the utmost difficulty they could be got along at all. Evidently they were unused to harness. A stort is told of Van Amburgh, the great lion-tamer, now dead. On one occasion while in a]bar room he was asked how he got hiB wonderful power over animals. He said — ' It is by showing them that I'm not in the least afraid of them, and by keeping my eye steadily on theirs. I'll give you an example of the power of my eye.' Pointing to a lontish fellow who was sitting near by, he snid — ' You see that fellow? He's a regular clown. I'll make him come across the room to me and I won't say a word to him.' Sit ting dowu he fixed his keen, steady eye on the man. Presently the fellow straightened himself gradually, got up, and came slowly to the lion-tamer. When ho got close he drew back his arm and struck Van Amburgh a tremendous blow under tho chin, knoeking him clean over tho chair, with the remark — ' You'll stare at me like that again won't you?' There is a specimen of poplar (writes the London Quarterly) which has been grown for many years in the Cape Colony, which is in valnable to the new settler, and which is al ready to be found on some farms. A piece of moist land is ploughed up, and small plants are inserted at twenty yards apart ; these immediately grow, and from every joint of thoir roots send up a new plant, which second generation we have seen produce rods of eight feet in twelve weeks. The new shoots start on an independent existenco, and also send forth prolific roots, bo that in fivo years | there is a forest, from an acre of which can be cnt straight rafters and beams forty feet long, with laths sufficient for the farm build ings of n large homestead, and the thinning will only enable tho root's, now fully ramified, to force on new growth with greater rapidity. A bhort time before Lord Beaconsfield's death,, ho intimated tonne of his attendants that he intended to provide for all his ser v&ntB; who had been in his service for a short time. '? Afl for the othors,' said he, ' it will not be necessary to make any provision, as they have already done so for themselves.' A large fortune has been left to the Duchess' of Edinburgh by her father. The will of tho late Czar Alexander II. has been proved. The personality consists of 48^000,000 roubles, lying to the credit of the Czar with some London bankers. The amount may be put roundly at £4,800,000. At tho monthly meeting at tho Roman Oatho'io Cathedral Committee, Archbishop Vaughan received subscriptions amounting to £960, and from other sources £700 was re ceived, making a total of £3000 received for the furniture and Btainod glass windows. The Archbishop is personally ? conducting the whole of the correspondence rospocting the now building. The sale of fish, at Sydney, on board the Cuzco, was not n success. The first baskets of salmon realised 7s per lb. Afterwards it fell as low as 2s. The auctioneer refused to sell below that. Eight hundred pounds of salmon were quitted; 2501b turbot, soles, about 501b cod, and the remainder of the othor fish will be either used on the voyage or sold at Melbourne. The number of desertions from the squad ron has reached the high number of seventy. A reward of £8 for each deserting sailor is now offered by the naval authorities in the hope that by this means the arrest of tho de serters will be effected. All leave has also been stopped, and very few are allowed on shore, and these have to show a pass. ; The Balranald census is at last completed. It is divided into two districts, Balranald and Hay; the former contains 4188 souls, and the lattor 3858, tho males preponderating in each division by more than two to one. The Empress Eugene has definitely de cided upon tho final resting place of her late huaband and son. She intends to build a church on the estate which she has bought, some fourteen miles from Chislehurst ; and thither the two tombs are to be transferred. The ajsthetic people who have furnished London with such food for jest and laughter by their queer costumes, their affectation, their long hair, and their general tomfoolery, are now kuown as the ' Dado-cracy.' A Triumph of Science. — A great system of irrigation is being inaugurated in Egypt by means of giant pumping engines. The portion of Nile-land which will be benefitted borders on the Libyan Desert, and comprises a district where the want of water has long retarded anything like an extensive cultiva tion of the land. Various endeavours have been made to raise the water, but without success, although in this land of bondage at ono time 50,000 ' fellahs' were set on to pump. But under the new Bystem these de scendants of the Israelites, in labour if not in race, will be superseded by machinery, which, at a cost of about £25,000, will pro vide a practically unlimited supply of water. The engineer to whose energy and skill is duo the construction of the system is, of course, an Englishman, named Easton. His plan of pumping has, it is claimed, never before been attempted upon so large a scale. Ten cylin ders are empioyea, eacu naving u uiameter ot four metres, and ten metres in height. In the interior of each cylinder is an nrchime dean screw, which can be driven at a rate of 240 revolutions !. per minute. The engines employed to work the pumps are of twelve hundred horse power. An official trial of the pumping engines was made in the presence of the Khedive and his Ministers, M. Lesseps, and many other influential personages. The occasion was appropriately one of feasting aud rejoicing, amidst which hopes were ex pressed that the financial and social position of the land of the Pharaohs will be greatly advantaged. Females at Football. — The newest thing in the annals of outdoor recreation is that twenty-two young ladies have banded themselves together with the object of popu larising the game of football amongst their sex. They are divided into two sections, a Scotch team and an English team. Tha fair ' athletes.' having undergone a course of instruction in the luws and practice of foot ball, made their first appearance in public as an association at Edinburgh a few : weeks ago. It is generally received that football is pre- eminently a game for the masculine sex, and those who engage in it require qualities of which indifference to being knocked about is not the least. It was not astonishing, therefore, that upwards of two thousand persons, nearly all males, should turn. out to witness the novelty of ladies en gaged in the kicking sport. The teams ap peared in costume similar to that worn by male players, and consisting of jersoy, knick erbockers, stockings, boots, and ' cowl,' with a sash dependent from the waist, the Scotch team wearing1 blue jerseys aad red sashes, and the English red jerseys and blue sashes. In some instances the ladies retained such distinctive ornaments as bracelets and frilling, but in others the Amazons, turned out with arras bared to tbe shoulder. In appearance the girls are described as well built, and athletic looking; but the geueral feeling of the spectators at Edinburgh seemed to be that the wholo affair was an unfeminine ex hibition. The association, however, in fur therance of its avowed object, will appour in different parts of the country, though it is unlikely that tho northern verdict will be re | voked. A Modern Rtr Van Winkle. — A Hungarian named Gyrumber was some time time ago admitted into tho Lehigh County Almshouse, America, in a curious condition ; and has not since been able by word.or signal to maicaie now uib siato was orougnt ouout. He slept for 71 days, and on the morning of April 22 opened his eyes for the first time during that prolonged nap. His behaviour was then as strange ns had been his long slumber. After his eyes had been open for about five minutes they closed again, and the Hungarian slept as usual. Two hours after wards he opened his eyes again and stared wildly about the room, and in a few . minutes arose from his bed, partly dressed, and seated himself upon a chair. After this modern Rip Van Winkle had been thus seated for a short time, his attendant put him in his bod again, and went out to procure some food. When tho attendant returned, tho Hungarian was sitting in the same chair again, with a deadly pallor upon his face. He was again placed in bed and was given something to eat, but was enly able to swallow with groat difficulty and very little. Gyrumbor kept his eyos open during the afternoon on which the last report was made, but his vision was appar ently fixed upon one object and immovable, and he does not notice anything going on in his presence. The pulse of the patient shows no symptoms of excitement, but beats with great regularity about 76 strokes a minute. . The attending physician thinks that in his present condition Gyrumber . may expire at any moment; and as the medical fraternity are manifesting great interest in the case, and Gyumber lias been visited by a number of physicians, it is improbable that he will last very long. The case is, however, a remarkable one, and, like that of the Scot tish fasting girl, indicates great' indurance in the human frame when under abnormal con ditions. A later account says Gyrumber rose again next morning, bolted 1 the roem d6or, and jumped from tlio window, falling twenty fivo feot. Two of his ribs wore broken, and his spine was so badly injured that he is' not expected to recover.— Philadelphia paper. ; Bribandaoe , in Macedonia. — Tho an nouncement of tho reloaso of Mr Sutor from the hands of brigands in Macedonia, which was confirmed by Sir Charles Dilke in tho House of Commons lately, records the un satisfactory cIobo of a stirring and romantic but vory unsatisfactory story. That . Mr Suter should have escaped unhurt is, of course, a m'attor for sincere congratulation; but the circumstances ot his capture were in the bighost degree discreditable to the Turkish officials responsible for his safety, while it is still more mortifying that the fall ransom of £15,000 demanded by the brigands should liavo had to be paid in order to secure his re lease. A year ago Colonel Synge, was captured and was ransomed for £12,000; only a;few days ago Nico the captor of Col. Synge who seems to bo still at large, was reported to have captured M. Mahmoud Eibassauli, a rich landowner at Vodina, near Salonica, and to have demanded a ransom of £6000 for his release. By comparison of these three cases we arrive at a sort of tariff, and are made ac quainted with the fluctuations of the market. A year ago a British subject was worth £12,000, but the price has risen 25 per cent, in the course of a twelvemonth. A Turkish | subject, however still appears to be worth only half what a British subject was known to fetch a year ago, and tho result of the negotiation concerning M. Mahmoud Eibas sauli will, no doubt, have considerable influ ence on the future price of the commodity. If Nico makes £6000 out of this venture, no doubt a year hence a Turkish subject will be worth £7500, while it is hard to believe that the next British subject who, in spite of Sir Charles Dilke's warning, falls among Mace donian thieves, will be ransomed for much less than £20,000. A notice has been issued warning British subjects that the Government will not in future be responsible in such cases, but if in spite of the warning they persist in doing so, aud if they are captured and a ran som is demanded which they are totally unable to pay, it is difficult -to believe that a British.. Government would tamely allow them to be sacrificed. The Turkish Government has been informed that it will be held responsible for the amount paid on Mr Sutor's behalf. 1 1 is difficult to punish a band of brigands so long as they hold the life of a British sub ject in their hands, but now that Mr Suter has been rescued we cannot but hope that a serious effort will be made to bring his captors to justice, and make them understand that even £15,000 may be too dearly gained. *v anoaratta, duly e : ivncnaei roppara, ] af Terrawingee, farmer, having been absent ] from his home since Tuesday, a man in his i employ camo in this morning to inquire about him, and finding that he had started for home ; on Tuesday night, proceeded to search the creek .where Dr Munro was drowned, and found the horse and dray in the water, a long ! way below the crossing. Peppard is believed : to have been drowned, as the dray lias been tracked through the scrub to where it entered the creek at a deep hole, but the searchers have not, found his body. — Telegram. Murderous Affray at Echuca, July 8 : A serious affray, rendered sensational by the use of a revolver, occurred at Mitiamo at midnight on Thursday, resulting in injuries that are likely to prove fatal. The occurrence took place at Sugrave's Commercial Hotel, the principals being the landlord, Mr Sugrave, and a farmer named Patrick LynGh, residing at Terrick Terrick East. From the state ment of the accused, it appears that Lynch and a herdsman named Roach went to the hotel and, -with several othors played at cards till about' ynidnight, when they went outside. Sugrave, who was then outside, remarked that a man named Bennett had been promoted from a thief to a convicted felon. Lynch in sinuated that tho remark applied to him, and called Sugrave a cad and a trap for the police. A fight ensued, lasting a considerable time, during which Sugrave got a six chambered revolver and fired at Lynch, the bullet enter ing his body. The wounded man- was taken to the Sandhurst hospital, where he lies in a dangerous state, with little hope of recovery. Constable Sachwell, of Terricks, arrested Sugrave at daylight this morning while asleep in bed in his own house, and brought him to Echuca, whore he was lodged in the lockup. His face is so much battered as to be almost unrecognisable, plainly showing tho severity of the beating he received. One eye is al most knocked out of his head. The prisoner will'probably be brought before the court on Saturday and remanded. — Telegram. Just at the time when all Europe [is astir with the news of martial movements in the Regency of Tunis, it is curious to read an appeal from the Rev E. H. Shepherd, the acting English chaplain in Tunis, for contri butions towards tho erection in the Church of St. Augustine there of a memorial window to Colonel Howard Payne, the author of the simple ballad of ' Home,. Sweet Home,' who is buried in tha Protestant cemetery of the town. The modi-st sura of £25, which it is estimated the memorial will cost, will no doubt be speedily contributed. Twenty-three years ago there lived in Philadelphia a chairmaker's apprentice who, having come but recently from the green island of Erin, his birthplace, still had upon his tongno the soft, round brogue of that re markable land. As chance would have it, there worked in the same shop with this lad an old fellow who, in his leisure moments, had made Shakspeare a study, |and who, when he was drunk — which he was very often — know no higher pleasure than pretending to lrnrdor the boy with a paint brush, and then o\ or his aparently dead body to recite Marc Antony's funeral oration. The lad, full of dramatic instinct which he at that time could neither understand nor appreciate; entered fully into the spirit of these occasions, and stood in much awo of his fellow workman, fancying all the time that the great speech was original with him. Indeed, from time to time he made so accommodating a corpse, and so pleased his debauched companion, that one day the latter presented him with a copy of Shakspeare's plays. This was the commence ment of the dramatic career of John M'Cul logh, who to-day stands almost without a rival, and, in those roles which may be called peculiarly his own, entirely without a rival upon the American stage. An Atrocious Pnrty. — Little Boy: 'Why do you say you will only make a short visit here, mamma?' Mamma: ' Because I do not like Mrs Brown.' Little Boy: 'Why not, mamma? Is she wicked?' Mamma: ' Far, for worso than that, my child. She is most unladylike.'(jP«w) New Theory of Earthquakes. — Tho re markable fact that earthquakes have so often | been obssred to occur simultaneously with the full of meteors has attracted the attention' of a Fj-euch astronomer, M. Delaunay, who, from a large number of historical instancos, has esta blished a regular sequence of meteoric showers and terrestrial disturbances, and concluded that the meteors are actually tho cause of earth quakes. Ho places so much reliance on his theory that he has beon bold enough to publish a series of predictions with regard to timos at which future earthquakos will take place, Tho earth passes through two belts of meteors every year — one in August and the other in Novomber, while some of tbe othor planets pass through them much loss frequently Jupiter will cross the line of the August meteors about tho middle of 1883, and M, Delaunay predicts that a series of earth quakes will occur in that year. Three yoars after that he calculates that according to his theory some extraordinary terrestrial distur bances will take place. His facts are certainly remarkable, but until ho can show some probable chain of causation between meteoric showers aud earthquakes, scientific men are not likely to give in their adherence to' his theory. Frozen Fish from England. — A sale of fish which arrived by the Cuzco from London, took place on Thursday, at Greig and Murray's auction rooms, Collin-street, Melbourne. The room was crowded to excess. There were 6,2001bs of salmon offered, 5,0001bs of soles, 2, 5001bs of turbot, and l,6001bs of cod The fish were packed in baskets for tbe con venience of the purchasers, and commanded a ready sale. The salmon realised from 4s 9d to 5s Gd per lb, soles 3s to 3s 2d, turbot 2s to 2s 6d, and the cod, after some difficulty, fetched Is 7d. The purchasers were princi pally persons in the trade and representatives of hotels and clubs. In Sydney, on Monday, somo more frozen English fish by the Cuzco wassold— salmon to 7s perllb, most lots between 2s and 3s; turbot, Is 6d; soles, 3s 9d; and cod, Is lid. In all 8001b of salmon; 2481bs of turbot, and near 2001bs of soles were sold there. The Ridicule of ./Esthetioism. — That testheticism should be seized npon for stage Tidicule was (Truth thinks) inevitable. Whon men and women seek to attract atten tion by a pretentious jargon; when a school of idicMs is brought into existence, which finds no beauty except in what is hideous; when we have youths panting about their loves for lilies, and girls in ecstacy before these youths; when we have third-rate rhymsters and fourth rate painters endeavouring to foist them selves upon the public by shallow trickery, the time was ripe for using the only arm possible to cope with nonsense. It does not however, follow that the movement, on ac count of the oxaggertions that have accom panied it, nas not oeen successtui. J.atce, for instance, the dress of the women. The ?esthetical creed, as I take it, is, in this mattar, that a woman should consider what suits her rather than what is the fashion of the moment. If she has good taste and artistic feeling why Bhould she not? In nine cases out of ten, a fashion in dress is produced by some French man-milliner who knows no more whnt is becoming than a jackass in a field. It is adopted by ono or two fashionable ladies, who fancy that it suits them, and then it iB servilely followed by those whom it does not suit. I see no reason why each woman should not dress according to her fancy, and with some higher ideal than that of a man milliner. But although in theory each 'testhetical' lady ought, to consider what is befitting to her style, in practice all adopt the same sort of habiliments, and therefore they fall into precisely the same error as do their umesthetical sisters. During tlie review at Aldorshott, 4th July, the beat was bo great that forty soldiers was sunstruck, four of whom afterwards died. The results of tho Bombay census show that the population of the city is 755,000. President 0-abfield. — Washington, 5th July : The latest bulletin issued from White House this morning reports that President (Jarfield lias passed a better night- He has been able to take sufficient nourishment, and he also slept well for some hours. Tho physicians are of opinion that the condition of tho patient is ' decidely better.' Bombardment of SfaxJ — Acting under instruc tions fro mj the Government, the French fleet which recently proceeded to Sfax, on the Tunisian coast, has bombarded the town, in order to punish the in habitants for their resistance to troops. Considerable damago waB done to tlie place before the order was given to cease firing. Gehebal Garfield. — Washington, July 4 ? A bulletin states that during last night the patient was able to obtain some few intervals of rest by dozing, but his sleap waa not continuous. He com plains of great pains in the feet, and from this and other symptoms wliioli hate manifested themselves, ,the physicians entertain fears that tympanites, or dis tension of the abdomen, may result from the wound in those parts. Midnight. — A further bulletin issued states that although during the day there were fluc tuations in the condition of the patient no material change has taken place. The symptoms of tympanites wliioli were obsorved this morning still continue ? Prom further inquiries into the ante cedents of Charles Guiteau, who fired the shots at President Garfield, it appears that the man has been insane for a long time past.. ? The news of the at tempted assassination of Gonoral Garfield, and the serious injuries inflicted on him by Charles Guiteau, was not generally known in Europe until yesterday (Sunday): The most profound sensation lias been caused throughout Europe, and on all Bides tlio deopest sympathy has been expressed. Chinese Immioeation. — London, July 4— Mr W. O ? Borlase, one of tho Liberal members for East Cornwall, asked the Government if it would Banotion legislative checks upon Chinese emigration to Aub- tralia, similar to those introduced in the United States. Sir Charles Dilke, Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs, replied that the Government would refuse to sanction such legislation. On Wednesday lust, like the manna in the wilder ness, thoro suddenly droppod upon Bourko two dray loads of flour. Nobody seomod to know exactly where thoy came from they'might have come from heaven, or from that place which tho Germans call by a word sounding like eigwerkeit. However there thoy W6re at Tattersall's corner, and there was Mr Bloxham ready to sell them. Thore wero peculiar circumstances about tho dravs, the bullocks that drow them, and tho drivers that drove the teams. They wero like tho Irsaelites after tho pilgrimage in which thoir shoes and garments waxed not old. The bullocks looked fresh, and the drivers wero not dusty, noithor had the drays any appoaranco about them of having como offa long journey. Thoy wore unprovided iwith billy cans or appliances for camping. Ono man said the flour had been brought on speo from Dubbo by teamstois who were going to Cobar for return loads of copper. But a by stander contradicted him rudely and said, ' Dubbo be ' thingumyjigod' more likolv West Bourke' Mr Bloxham, whon nppcaled to, had no information to givo boyond the patent facts that' thoro was the flour, and ho was ready to soil it. Ho had only hoard of its being for sale an hour or two previously, and purchasers might take it for what it wa « worth, to them, ho declined to say anything as to its quality Nobody bid up to what Mr Bloxham was instructed to take as tho reserve price, and the drivers cracked, thoir whips, tho bullocks moved onward, and tho drays and flour departod towards tho setting sun. The wliolo thing has a sweet and romantic air of mystory about it which, it is said, however, Mr J. T. C. Eanken can solve. — Bourko paper. On Thursday last an accident liapponed at tho West Bourko Bridge which, though serious, was not fortunatlely attended by Berious consequences. Tho last pair of cylinders, on the West Bourke Bido had beon weighted up to 120 tons the oflloial test, and had stood it woll. Whilst unloading it, however, one of tlio cylinders, being pressed by on unequal weight, suddonly toppled over and threw into , tho river the planks and tanks uiid as weights and the moil engogod nt tlio work. The fall was broken by ' tho two foot bridges ian'd tho men miraculously escaped without porm&nont; injury, though tho drop was fully 10ft Ono man namod Morris was a good deal bruijod on tho right arm, and the others all suffered more or loss from oontusions. On examination tho cause , of the accident was soon discovered. Though tlio whole oylindor had boon filled with conerote it had boon forgotten to bolt the top length to thoso underno&tli.; Ac cordingly so soon as ever tho weight pressed unovonly upon it, it gavo way. The injurod inon were attonded to by Dr. Sides, and are all progressing favouraly. — Bourke paper. Two Gold Medals awarded Akebioan Waitham Watches, tho only Medals awarded atthe exhibition f watches, Melbourne International Exhibition, 1880\. All gonuine Waitham Watches havo the . rade mark, ' Waitham, Mass,' ondorsed on tho plate of tho watch 