: TO THE EDITOE. • feir—As there, is-a great deal of -misconception with regard to. the above subjects at j present, especially amongst us poor'bootmakers, and as all our factories are to be closed and all the workmen of the factories starviag If a free-trade policy is carried out, I would ask who is it that has enabled the proprietors of -factories to'get rich, especially the wonld-bf member for East Adelaide,? Is it hot the pdblic that has been obliged' to pay what they haVe almost liked to ask lor their goods. 2 apprehend nothing. so very - dreadfol to us poor workmen if shoes were brought into the colony free of duty, for the leather would also be brought on as well free of duty, and Mr. Jehnron could get the same amonnt of profit with less capital, and the public would have better -matt rials—what to call' leather in England-^ do rot know what they call it in Australia, and I hfcve followed the trade thirSy-six years in the 0I6 country and over five years in South Australia. I do not know why-all the commiseration 1b felt for the shoe factories and shoemakers at the present moment, but it seems hard that those who hsd to fight for the glorious principles of free-trade should, in 1881, have to fight the same principles over again in South Australia. The dreadful thiBgs that are to happen if a free trade policy is carried out are o41y like Pepper's ghost—there is no reality in them. All the experience in other parts proves that free trade has been the greatest Messing that ever happened to all dasseB of society. Let aiy one who doubts what X say look into the sdbject carefully, as it would take too long to go into now. Why do not-the people, if protection is' best, carry out the principles in their integrity, and not let the goods 'from East Adelaide be imported to tne inhabitants of West Adelaide, and vice -versa. I say from experience that protection cripples trade and commerce. While it makes, a few rich, it is starvation to the masses and a blight to the best interest of any country. 1 I am, Sir, Jce., : Noihihg Likk Goob Leather. iGIenelg. 