HEARTRENDING RESULT OF INTOXICATION. When geese take to drink, the result is preposterous. For Nature never meant geese to get intoxicated. In the first place, they have no hands to hold on to lamp posts with ; while At the best of times their balance is precarious. Even when sober, a fat goose, if travelling on uneven ground, constantly cants forward on to its beak, or backwards on to its tail; but when inebriated it is utterly helpless. A short i while ago, a farmer's wife in Germany had been making some cherry brandy ; but as she found, during the process, that the fruit was unsound, she threw the whole mass out into the yard, and without looking to see what followed, shut the window. As it fell out, a party of geese, good fellows all of them, happened to be waddling by at the time, and, seeing the cherries trundling about, at once investigated them. The preliminary inquiry proving satisfactory, these misguided poultry set to and ate the whole lot. The effect of the spirituous fruit was soon apparent, for on trying to make the gate which led from the scene of the debauch to the horsepond, they found everything against them. To escape the difficulties some lashed their rudders and hove to, others tried to run before the wind, while the rest tacked for the pigstye. But there was ho living in such weather, and one by one the craft lurched over and went down all standing. Meanwhile the dame, the unconscious cause of this disaster, was attracted by the noise in the fowl-yard, and looking out, saw her ten geese behaving as if mad. The gander himself, usually so solemn and decorous, was balancing him self on his beak, and spinning round the while, in a prodigious flurry of feathers and dust, while the old grey goose, remarkable even among her kind for the circumspection of her conduct, was lying stomach upwards in the gutter, feebly gesticulating with her legs. Others of the party were no less con spicuous for the extravagance of their attitudes and gestures, while the remainder were to be seen lying in a helpless confusion of feathers in the lee scupper~-th«t is to sny, the gutter by the pigstye. Perplexed by the spectacle, the dame called in her neigh bours, and after careful investigation it was decided in council that the birds hud died of poison. Under these circumstances, their carcases were worth nothing for food, but, as the neighbors said, their feathers were not poisoned, and so they set to work then and there and plucked the ten geese bare. Not a feather did they leave on the gander, not a tuft of down on the old grey goose, and the job completed, they left the dame with her bag full of plumage and her ten plucked geese, not without assuring her, we may be certain, of their sympathy with her in her loss. Next morning the good woman got up as usual, and, remembering the feathers down stairs, dressed betimes, for it was market day, and she hoped to get them off her hands at once. And then she bethought her of the ten plucked bodies lying in the porch, and resolved that they should be buried before she went out. But as she approached the door, on these decent rites intent, and was turning the key, there fell on her ears the sound of a familiar voice — and i:)mn nnntliai* anA smnttipr- mill? nt. luRf. the astonished dame heard in full chorus the well-known accents of all her plucked and poisoned geese. The throat of the old gander, no doubt, was a trifle husky, and the grey goose spoke in muffled tones sug gestive of a chastening headache ; but there was no mistaking those tongues, and the dame, fumbling at the door, wondered what it all might mean. Has a goose a ghost ? Did any one ever read or hear of the spectre of a gander ? The key turned at last ; tfae door opened, and there, quacking in sub dued tones, suppliant and shivering, stood all her flock! Not a ghost was there among them, for all these were plump and hearty fowls ; but, alas ! among them all there was not enough feather to have winged one anew. There they stood, the ten miserable birds, with splitting headaches and parched tongues, contrite and dejected, asking to -h*v« tbeir f-efttimrs-back cgain. Th.9 situa tion was painful to both parlies. Here were the geese insfsre -%*?, ba}d, penitent, and shaking with the cold; there in the corner were their feathers in a bag. But how could they be brought together? She called in her neighbors again, but they proved only sorry comforters, for they reminded her that it was she and no one else who had thrown the brandied cherries to the geese. The poor fowls, brought up to con fide in her, and repaying her care of them by trustful reliance, could never, her neigh bors said, have been expected to guess that, when she threw the vinous fruit in their path, she, their own familiar mistress, at whose hands they looked for all that was good, could have intended to betray them into the shocking excesses of intoxication and deceive them to their ruin. Yet so it was. Accepting the feast spread out before them, the geese had partaken gladly, grate fully, freely of the insiduous cherry, and the result was this, that the geese were in one place and their feathers were in another. As it was with Job, these ' oblique expostu lations' of her friends were harder for the widow to bear ' than the downright blows of the devil,' and so, turning from her neighbors, she gathered all her bald poultry about her round the kitchen fire, and sat down to make them flannel jackets. — ' Sheffield Telegraph. ' Your wife going to the country ?' asked Green as he met Brown in a New York avenue. 'I guess not. I offered her $50 to get ready, but she declares light up ar.c down that she wont't go.' 'Have you worked the ill-health dodge ?' ' Well, I tried to ; but she has gained 13 pounds since January, and never looked better than nonv' ' Can't you make her believe her nerves are relaxing ? That generally works preirv well.' ' Can't do it. She sleeps like a brick, and her nerves were never stronger.' And she doesn't want to see her mother ?'' ' Her mother is dead.' Digestion good ?' 'Splendid. She eats everything from a radish to a limburger cheese, and I can't talk change of diet to her.' Green fell to musing, and by-and-bye continued — 'Mr. Brown, you have been a good friend to me, and now I'll do you a favor. My wife left for her mother's yesterday, to be gone 10 weeks. I tried every dodge I could think of, but she was bound to stay at home. At last I hit it. She has freckles.' ' Ah ! Egad ! So has mine.' ' Nothing but the country air in June will start freckles.' ' True — true.' ' Peels 'em right off in from four to eight weeks, leaving the complexion as fair as a babe's, and without injury to the most delicate eyebrows. You see ?' ' Mr. Green — I' see it all. I shall never forget your kindness. In less than a week my freckled wife will be in Benin County, and you and I will stay out till 2 o'clock in the morning, and then go to my house and sleep in the best bed with our boots on ! Mr. Green, Lor' bless you — shake ! Any time you want a favor you may rout me up at midnight and command.' A servant who prided herself on living in a genteel family, being asked to define the term, said ' Where they keep a carriage, have three or four kinds of wine, and never pay a bill the first time it's called for.' ' Tommy, did you hear your mother call you?' ' Corse 1 did.' 'Then why don't you go to her at once ?' ' Well ye see she's ervous, and it'd shock her awful 'fi should go too suddent.' — Yonher* Gazette. Fashionable Circles. — Betting-rings. Deficiency in Irish Character. — Want of pay-rental feeling. 