THE DESTINY OF BUSSIA.— No. 6. [BY R. W. PERKINS. 1 Is the previous contribution it was stated that there was Btrong reason to apprehend that the first day of judgment was not distant more than ten years, and it would be best at once to ex hibit tho ovidenco on which such oxpectation rests. That there has existed in the Christian ohuroh, from the Apostolio age down to the present; .an impression that when six thousand years should- have nigh elapsed from Adam's birth, the present order of ' things would 'cease, and great changes, follow, icsultiiig.iu a thou sand years of j&aoe;^ andJ gladness^ none ac quainted with the subject can deny, ?I Barnabas — the companion: of St. Paul, de scribed in Aots xii., 24, ' as a good man, .and full of the Holy Ghost, and of faith '—in . his writings (which, though forming no part ofthe canon of Soripfcure, are, as ooming from him, 'entitled to great weight), clearly enunciates this, as also that tho power of the evil one would then cease. The Revelations, whioh wero sub sequently written, give great ; countenance to what St. Barnabas affirmed ; for thoy clearly pourtihy Jhat^the'; last thousand years of iffiir world's duration will, within a little, be suoh a peaooful period, when Satan will, be in a prison bound, and Christ shall reign supreme. A tra dition, said. to have originated from the prophet Elijah, oxisted amongst the Jews to the same effeot.' We are very near the 6000th year from Adam. Our present computation of this period is erro neous. It is as follows : from Adam to Christ 4004 years, since then 1881 years, total 5885 years. But iu this reckoning, 505 years only aro allowed from the birth of Adam to the Exodus. However, it is stated in Soripture that Abraham was 100 years old when Isaac was born (Gen. xxi., 5) ; that Isaac was past 40 when Jacob was born (Gen. xxv., 20) ; that Jacob had attained to 130 years when he stood baforo Pharaoh king of Egypt; and that the Israelites were exactly, to a day, 430 years in Egypt (Ex. xii., 40, 41). This makes the time something more than 700 instead of 505 years; but as there is an excess in the after computa tion of about 100 years, which would take too muoh Bpace to illustrate, it follows that about a century haB been.left out. So 4104 years from Adam to Christ, added to 1885 years '(for 4 years, as well known, havo been omitted in computing the Christian era), makes thq preaopt. ago of the world, since/ the birth of Adam, to be about 5989 years. Again, the 2300 days (in prophecy computed as years) mentioned in the 8th chapter of Daniel, marking, as they do, the beginning of the last generation, and the commencing of . generation, added to that time, brings us to about A.D. 1890. The Mahometan career is to last 42 prophetic months, or 1278 years (not 1260 only, as some supposed). Now, the year A.D. 608 has gene rally been considered that in which Mahomet commenced his mission ; but more oareful in vestigation has brought to light that it was one or two years later. Suppose we assume the year A.D. 610 as the moro correct of the two, and add to it 1278 years, and 1888 is the result, when tho might of Islam will cease. As the Russian overthrow and the first judgment day would appear to be about 2 years later (Daniel vii., 10), this points to' about A.D. 1890 asian approximate. dato when 'many will havo to stand before the dreadi'.tribhnal. 'i -J . 1 ?' ? A It ^jjstlje ehronolbgiosl -inistake Ihat- jSgrohi bishop-' tTsshfer tiiad^ thait ,'gi^ ! qfc|ajsu-a^ jtj Colenro to make that- ?formidable objection',' whioh he did, against' the- truth of the Pouta teuoh, alleging, that in little over 200 years tho Israelites, from the small number of seventy, many of them children, as they entered Egypt, could not have inoreased to tho large number of three millions when they left it. But as they were aotually there 430 years, this objection cannot bo sustained. ! Ussher, misled by a statement of Josephus, and in this instance preferring the reading of the Samaritan and Septuagint copies of the Pentateuch, the latter often inoorreot in respeot of numbers, and also disregarding the express declaration of the Masorete, in this very matter authenticated by the New Testament, likewise misapprehending the meaning of the 17th verse of the 3rd ohaptor of Galatians, fell into error. This verse, quoting from the revised version, is as follows — ' A covenant confirmed beforehand by God, the law which oame 430 yoars after cannot disannul.' In Genesis xv., 13, 14, it is thus written—' And he said unto Abraham, j Know of a surety that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and they shall serve them, and shall afflict them 400 years.' After whioh oertain blessings wore to follow. In Acts vii., 6, in reference to this it states—' And God spake on this wise, that his (Abraham's) seed should sojourn in a strange land, and that thoy should bring them into bon dage, and entreat thom evil 430 years.' And then the same blossings were to follow. It is quite evident that thoy were to be mal treated, and in bondago in a strango land (uifiicA Palestine was not), 400 years. Whilst Joseph was alive their treatment would naturally bo kind, but during the remaining portion of tho 430 years, hard indoed was their lot. Returning to Galatians iii., 17, it is evident that tho apostle, was not referring to the period when God, made a oovonant with Abraham; but. to a confirmation of it, which took plaoe when his descendants went to sojourn in a strange land, and 430 years afterwards the law was given from Mount Sinai. ' Now the sojourn ing ot the ohildren of Israol who dwelt in Egypt was 430 years. And it - came to pass, after the end of 430 years, even the self-same day, it oame to pass that all the hosts of Israel went out of tho land of Egypt.' (Exodus xii., 40,41.) ' Si-^are 'nqar Jtlje '-first Judgment day, and thd 6000th year from' Adam, about' the time of whoso birth thisi^tthjrrdaubtlds* formed! lobg distant. ag^befyrp, Jnit then. q most desolate, wrock — was, by the Almighty, re- oroatod, as it worc,_and . adapted., to . man's existenoe, with animal and vegetable life again upon its surface. [N.B. — Tho writer hopos that suoh as take interest in those contributions will give them all the publioity they can.] 