c 1 u 0 17 L A R N OTE S. By " The Vagabond. exil" parkes. The Christinas holidays have come and gone, ami in a few ih-js our Premier will be gone also. B C tlie fueling of indiges tion will he 1'. u. President Parkes has not agreed vv i r i r. ;ne of 113 auy,mt>re, than the pi ::«»i -pst;l iii-g, the feiish to which tve y.-n: .y ««.:ritoc our nves. lie goes away with a iiourish of trumpets. Bfter being baiiqiieU'.-d and ovated. But lie was not iak< n wi;h !i;;u that purse of sovereigns. L'oOOO was to b.j raised by pub lic snbscripli >r,s ; Irr . nnf -ruinate, :y the money did not coin - in quick enough. I am told that only £000 was ra sed in the city wf Sydney, and there was little chanc of a larger sum being obtained from the country districts. It is .said nii« i?>(it\irlmi1 fiffixrori ci?lu. £500 if the commit ten would accept the Premier's dish. ui-wed bi Is to that amount. So Parkes wrore a fee lug loiter, declining to aM. - ; o r lii'.iiaimiii. Then lr AfcOttlioch, lawyer and M L.A , one "f he jitiu ;!, -d ,gg of tin- Ministry, brought in a -»„n r I.itac £5000 should be vn;. A i-» di'-ir.iy to-; Premier's esp-itsos on his re u- j; \\\ ben it is remi-mb -re that tbu Yiu i.-tic: ijinuiissv, consisting of Messrs B.u ry . P. , i-. and ilayd.ui, only cost £5000, I su|,p.,.,. it was considered i toe lnucii : f.-.,- b ::i-.ri.,n w;is withdrawn, J and u-Kit-.er, 1 nvt £300Ushoul<l be granted. was au'i'SiiMil -! President Parkes ;it j first slate ! ;;ia he was going away merely I for his health, inu .ifcerwariL sinnonjiced J that he should L.--1: after the i.-iteres's of ! the colony, by iuhw\v»ri»g to ii-r.su.td-; j the Aui'-ricati <.!> eii'u:=-i:: ah bsk the; import 1 lad -s ' I w-.-.i, and > i.tv.-a' :g it- j sag the worki:.-_ <: : T? irmni.-iMti.fn <b I oarti'ini).- in jj-ai-J a.. A. i lis i trip 1;.' -sLi.l enj . .- in „i 72ej0 t year, the ia'.ter is ;.--.n !.-:.-sfc he COIl!?. ;1 1 Bar :-e I = 1.- : .. r-eee;in: is absurd, and m- r :s :i as .Parke.s ; t i : : 1 s . ! f . B-r. e ld; i ; . hiun- bug il.c w.ifld wi ' '... h:ul a sari of diploma; ic na-;. .\\-»nk! give a n; dive for v.-:,. ,-f >;;) bn) he wn.-i i t<> ad the uilvi- o-.u-uii ti it - n-n- meats, ::-=ki-!g ihi-m t-« hin, ..-ith powers to ti e.ir iv-i !i ti: lJu!-:-d .-'ii-.-.-d, on their he': air, f u- t'»« i.»-> notion .-f th-.; | wool :, .i di' P.ii'k- s ,!: ,-h': a.tibsssad-i'r of i the ivkic of s ;.-.!a.-U. would i-i- a big ; man indeed. 1 d ad; »-!ia- the ; Other c 'lonies aiv ; .nu Viciuri.-i. | which t-L-iim.s o ' pi-eaiior, cr.usl.ud 1 the project Jo. far as si.o w.t . caiic«.-ii»(l. j Victorians (in in. It- v- - til t. :e jv-rsiln.-i iv. powers of Patkts ; lia y know thai ivim' he | niiglu say w.-uld It . vo no 1 li"-t- in Wash ington, uhere i;r; wi;! -.-niy liug!i.-d a.r for h«.s misuse «-f the I -tier IF, and -h.-v ; refstsi d i-> comit'-.i.auce sii.i irinhut; >>i anoii.er «.:iiR.is-y. 'Vi-.-n ti.-.-. .mb--i.o. f-.r i the £5000 vote w.-u mud:- P.u-kvs l-.-t tin. mover make a, !.> oi titisnine ivui.--.rks, mid ; then suddenly j-iinpini up ami o o ui.-d i to re;; ire any m n.ey, even if ii should be ! voted. M iiy aii->-.v ;in: uioliiiii t.i lie j brought forward I i'ne Sydney Mail" j last week gives the readers the "iip:"i By-iuc-b ye, our weekly journals are im- i proving. The " Mail" in its Cnris'inus | nuin' has a spb miid t-u-y by mv f Aud ; Brnest Favona., alt h -n«h it is not < qual . to tile ''Town tin-.i C-.uutry" of that date, ; and neither journals can cv.-r be equal to | the " Australasian." But both the 1 "Mair' and tin- ''Echo" are full of j smartly writ en p trugnq. lis, and in one ' of th-se the . hie d itsnu of Parkes's Cow- ' ductus wriiten. ' historical parallels. j Shak- speare wr t for til time. Turn i to Act 1, Scene of "Julius Catsar " j The crown was offered tin ee times. It ! was mere foolery." "He put it. by j thrice." " But for .-.11 that, to my think- j 7ncr_ lii> \cmilr7 f.iin it.jTfia i 'oi v 4.. ..A "CO lltiu A'. was very lot'i to lay his fingers "If it." "Those that utidersoind him smiled i one another and shook their Beads." As j it was wit '1 C'tesar, so it was with Parkes, except that the latter m-ver had his hand-> ! on the i'dOOO. 1 don't think he c. tild ; have taken his fingers o0 it. But he saw j that there was sueii a strong opposition, | that even if carried on a division, the j victory, considering the starring four J whicit he proposes to himself, would h tve i been as bad as a defeat. Sir Patrick i Jennings had moved the adjournment of J the limn -, and asked for an explanation i from the Premier as to what he proposed j to do iu his self- constituted mission, ridi- j culing the idea of a wool treaty with ' America. Tirs was the key-note to the j ©pposiiio;; to the vote, and Park-s was j furious. His low nature broke out then. He continually int--rrupti-d Sir j Patrick in the most abusive manner, J taunted the loyal Irish gentleman with j being a Fenian, and was called to order by the Speak ras being " mo-t disorderly." Sir Patrick is a distinguished colonist, a man t-f culture and refinement, of whom we are all proud. He is renowned for his pronounced lovalty, so the taunt fell harmless.- That is the reason Parkes missel in - £3000 ; and I beg to point out to the irilkicuiial country journal which last week devoted a libellous article to whatit call-.-d. my " libels ou the Premier," and in t h li CV»RI if I fir nrt irtl.-ft iv»\7 ftno I It n . 5 foll-iw rue text of Messrs John Fairfax and 8-1:1.;. give hard knocks myself, and can .-nuid a buffet ; but as we have no guide as in what course we should pursue after btu.ig smoie 011 the other cheek, another sumi article and a writ will be ISSU'.d. mk torster. 1 have heard a great deal of this gentle man, but I have never seen nor heard him. e is renowned as a master of cutting satire, and but that the Premier is a true pachyderm, he would squirm on tlie re.ism-y bench at the stinging irony of e leader of the Opposition. And Mr oroter cannot only speak, but be can n e well. At the Parliamentary banquet l?ven to Parkes last week, the Premier «t?i e ?,fP,ecck f bombastic insolence, anu with the worst possibie taste referred to e tact of Mr Forster's absence. In the bydney Morning Herald" of December i- Jc ' 'e eer of the Opposition pub- ! ' e,l,a lont-' letter, in which, after chaffing Enery on "the good taste, delicacy nerosny exhibited in his speech, oexP ains " Any social intercourse I P«Ln7 ihonored with by Sir Henry it w 6S 7e.ars to a period when c se.1;erLed in consequence of the dis- of t 3 our . v'ews upon questions irrep U-|iaiLi obligation were unhappily weconcfieable." This is the most charm- ' g etter 1 have read for a long time. . rm T , JUDGE GORRLE. Judicial p1 h-at1.1 delivered the Chief Pacifil - ramiSS10ner of the Western Sorll1?0 hads- I bare been Gordon a nix notice of Arthur don and Admiral Wilson, withreference to my writing on the subject of " South Sea Massacres," my pamphlet respecting which was prohibited admission into Fiji: I am sure Admiral Wilson regrets having used the language lie did respecting me, after my publicly stating that I never charged the naval authorities with any lack of energy, or with indifference to the fate of white men murdered in the Pacific. I merely re- echoed the complaints I have heard made by manj' uaval officers of their powmlessness to act, and quoted the reply given by the Admiral to Mr Cowlishaw, of Sydney, when that gentleman lodged a c implaint of the burning of a trading- station and massacre of a white trader at Mania. " I can do nothing ; everything which relates to the islands is iu the bauds of the High Commissioner, Sir Arthur Gordon." How Judge Gorrie crimes into the field, in the form of a I nter a column long, sent to the High Commissioner, by him to the Hoaie Secre tary, i'lrnce back to the Governor, and '-a n jiesetitrd to Parliament..- I shall deal with this n vxknso in another place, but I wish in point out to you how foolish it i3 for public men to make assertions with regard to facts. Judge GornVs j abus-.- of myself I can forgive ; it passes ! over lightly. Have 1 not struck him ! si. ud his master, Sir Arthur, " in the front !of 1 heir purple pride?" Can I not ' "counter?" But when the judge spates t!i it when 1 l-.einixd in Levuka "the respectable portion of the audience rose rc-d J-ft tiie had ; even the local journal, most hostile "to the Govern mens, shrank from reproducing a report of the proceed ings, and tie was shamed by most of those who had taken him by the hand when lie first came h-e writes a " series of lies j without a circumstance." He gives j himself aiv.iv coiunh-.tely. Fiii is near I j en uigh to obtain proof from i hence. Myr ' reply is that not a. soul i'ef;. the hail ; that I was cheered most oiithti dsslioahy ; thai, : i roc .irod the most flattering iiot'o-.-a in ! the press ; that I was p ud L"5 for my inanii- : script notes, wnich took up live columns of :ii - "Fiii rimes," and tint I. boast 'he friendship of Overy " white inau in Fiji." 1 li.iok it wiii bo seen that Judge Gorrie Pas undo a mistake. Perhaps he dies not ;.il i iv that the it-;V. M. Floyd and the ' R-;v. Loriimr Fison are "respectable." I j will prefer to leave 1113' character in the hands of those gentlemen than iu those of Judgj Gorrie. ix dcraxce vile. This time last week I was in a prison ceil, intending to spend 1113- Christmas in D o'lingiiurst. 1 had been befoie Mr Pen- fold, mulcted £2 Gs lOd for an " assault" on a cabman ; the said assault consisting. in j'ist putiing him outside the gate of 1113' residence because lie was making a noise re.-.i acting the fare of a gentleman who had called 10 see me. The joke is that, to slop any disturbance, it being Sunday and 1113' landlord religious, I paid the fare j mys-'lf. At the police court I considered | I lia-i a right to expel the man when he was uois3?, but I hadn't a show. The magistrate, . a Mr Pent'old, a tobacconist (how I regret- the money I have spent in his shop), would not grant an adjournment to produce witnesses. A police court lawyer, C -re mill, prosecuted, ancl the result was that, burning with indignation, I refused to pa' the fine, and was locked up four hours, when L was turned out ; the fine having been paid by a Fijian friend -a true man. As far as S7diie' 3uciet' is concerned, I expect I might rot iu gaol before anyone would bail me out. Fate brings strange changes. The last j time I was at this police cell was in the endeavor (which proved successful) to obtain the release of the brother of a J.P. aud M.L.A. He would have had three months but for me, and I gut little thanks from his friends and relatives for what I rl i/7 j j ufSTWE'S J CJSTICE. i admit I was very much annoj'ed. "Any great excitement will be fatal," and I don't know if the prophecy of my late doctor in Japan was not nearly being realised. £2 6s lOd for pushing a cab man ! I'll take care and do more for the money next time. The following day, at the same police court-, a rough was charged with striking one of the competitors in a footrace so violently that he wa3 rendered insensible, and had to be carried into the pavilion of the cricket-ground. This assault was committed to stop the race, in the interests of certain v.iembers of the betting ring. The fine imposed was exactly the same as that on me, £2 Gs lOd. But then this rough had never criticised the proceedings of the licensing magistrates as I have. I might take in y revanche in describing the bench and the police court attorney, Coouan ; but Lord, he is too small and mean to notice. I only strike big men, foemen worthy of my steel. amusements. A flood of ras in w ho is perceptible everywhere. We are all enjoying our selves. There is a liberal suppl' of cakes and ale ; the latter Burrows's or Gleeson'3 andPrendergast's, and ginger (imported by John Chinaman) is hot in the mouth. The theatres are all doing well ; the manager's heart rejoices and the ghost walks once mnro "Thp. "Black Flair " at the Gaiefcv 9 - J lias run for three weeks, and is as popular as ever. Miss Lily Dumpier has made a creat success as Ned, a waif and stray of Loudon streets. " The Green Lanes of England," which is said to be a much better piece, will follow. But the circus is the big show ; thousands throng there to watch Herr Schumann witch them with noble horsemanship ; to see the tumbling of the young German, Adolphe, the finest model of a youth I have seen for many a long day, 011 the trapeze ; .Adele,_ most daring and graceful 'of child riders; Victoria Cooke, the pride of London and Paris ; and the lions, crowning wonder of the arena. I shall miss these lions won derfully. I get quite a sensation from watching them. Ill-natured people say I go every night so that I may be on hand to write the obituary notice of the daring young German, Edward Djerling. But that is not so, and I hope will never be necessary. But a circus is a good moral show which I love, aud Wilson's is the best I have ever seen. The beauty of the horses cannot he surpassed, and in this country of good riders, but bad horsemen, everyone may take a lesson from the grace and elegance exhibited in the saddle by Mrs Wilson and Herr Schumann. 