A COUPLE OF "OUPS" AGO, B* N. Waltib 8wiv. I Th* facc that seemed to be the blankest and barrcnest there tu that of "Richard Tracey, Ho tat four seats from the front of the grandstand, and the alight shadow of pain which had been upon him from the Ant seemed to ham deepened into bewilderment that carried a sense of ruin. Traccj's drawn features were those of a man who had staked his last hope and saw it snatched away. Tho last 07 aijd thp last obecpofthe seething crowd above and below mm was aU that baa entered his mind* It reverberated through brain and thought with eehoes that. died away and swelled back again-like< the volume of an organ peal, like a distant slender cry, like tbo blare of a multitude. Ho had lost) and it was no wonder if his white hands trembled, or if, when bo felt absently for his book, ho could riot find it. The claagour of Toiccs, the peoplo away. before him, the sweeping coano that had helped to ruin him. invaded by eager thousandsj died m*r, w>-u there was nothing presented tn its steah If .'^Unknots. He looked across tho beautiful day, over the rustle and hollowfiess v,fdilk ana laughter, and nothing presented itself but a great numb blank, with a dim writing upon it, that he knew but dared not read. It was a senteroo of disgrace and social death. There is no tale oftencr told than this-not indeed by novelists, bnt by every newspaper in tho country. In their columns is to be seen, week by week, the same story of shame, and sin and brokenness, always with tho same weary surroundings, Traoey was like many another, Alone in tho world, he wonld hare been brave enough to stand up and defy it. Ho would have laughed at iti greedy clamour and defied its dishonour* able codes of honour. If the era vers that be must soon meet were aU he bad to think of In would have laughed at their evil eye*, but there was more. Not 6 miles from where he mt stood the roee-eovered Alfred Oottag® with ita wide verandah and iu peace among the shadows in the breathings of the hooey* suckles. Then would be waiting for 1dm there on that evening a lady with reverent hair, and with a love that had never faltered and a pride always oeatered in the lonely looking man with the drawn face four Mats from the front of the grand stand. Beside her is waiting his yellow-haired sister with her fair pauiaian face and that rare .milo of wtlcocw bo tbooght *> win ning. But for (bete two figarta, om to beantifal ia Ihe calm of the winter, *&d; the coming of the twilight, tha other » bright in the spring time that bad oom* waiting for the mellow «am mar thereafter-the path of one going softly down to peace, the path of the other going up among the flowers towards happiness and Mea nings - what need to have oared for all the nuh and roar that wm around him wiih the terror that was within t That morning the two faces were the pride and joy of hi* life, bnt they hold a fear for him now worse than death, aa he sat there drawn and blank. " Now then, Dick," nld a young fellow, working toward# him tmovtrai tho Boat* and thn gay drawee with cxulution on. his fresh faoe, " the cap ia over and you told ne to come for yon, yon know. I've won tbelast sweep and Barbara gets the gloves. Mra. Traoey said I was never lucky. Look there," disclosing a sovereign and a crown-piece in his hand, " oorae on, I'm in naste to tell Barbara. Why, DicV, what's the matter P . Are yon ill r' and quick concern came to tba speaker'* face u ba looked at bit friend. Traoey sat staring before him u unwitting of the Taioe that had rook en m of the human Agoras before him. rfoither the picture of the l*wn with ita unfolded trains wad con trasts of oolonr, nor the masses of life beyond, caught bis eye, There tru another picture bpforp h?OT tbere vu a parpOM in it not OODIODant with tho gaiety and sheen of all else benido him, and Ot the bright day around and bejpud him. Tha young fellow stooped low and spoke gravelf : "People -would think yon were imad if they mw jour face now. Whatever 'it f» ails you let ns not home, the people are beginning to observe yon. Are yon strong enough to ootneP' ' Traoey seemed to shiver and pull himself together. He quietly buttoned op hia ooat, patiently and tremblingly returned the book to bis pocket and looked at his friend. " What were yon saying, Charley C " That yon look as if yon were very ill, M if yon had mffered some sudden blow, The' peoplo an beginning to stare &t; you, Dick. Are yon strong enough to oome home J" Tracer polled hit hat leaf down over his faoe ana rote. " I don't think 1 am strong enough to go home-that is not yet. Let us trywnat a gia«j of brandy will do.n In an hoar a rotnrning train landed both on the platform of the railway station, and thoy stood for a while looking np and down tha empty street*, almost entirely swept of lifo and foil of son and silence, '" Qitfl roe yoar arm while we walk, Charley." He bad not spoken to bis com panion sinoe they left the oonrae till now, and bis voice wu low and level aad solemn. Charley looked and listened in a frightened way. Such vletunn m the d*y had bronght him appeared |o here gone; ancb taooemoa aa ha nad met with were forgotten, " Yon asked me jnst now on the grand stand if X felt strong enongb to go home, I mean * while ago. How long ia it sinoe f" ." Abunt an hoar." < - , "The boon travel quiokly then; I thought misfortune madeibrnnalow," end the apealier laughed aimlessly. '* I was going to twy that I am not strong enough to go home, end yoq most go without me. I made an important angagement sinoe the Gup race, and jnst before you came, I pnrpoao fulfilling that engagement first," Charley stopped, end looked earnestly at the speaker. " Listen, we'll drive homo and engage a wholo onh to our two selves, Dick, Listen/' and ho shook the money in bis pocket. " It won't bo extravagant on a day like this." The faoe of the elder remained impAuivo, and Charley's hand found its way io his shoulder. " Lo<ik at me. Dick-look at mo in the eyea.'* " Mr. Traooy looked at tho speaker wearily for a rooraont, as a tnddon look of expression and T^fB'ng came to his faoe. Ho pnt his hand hastily oefore his eyes, and stood thus a moment betide his woitingfriend alone in the still street, below the sun that was splashing the windows with gleam, and painting the spires, and stealing with its impartial brightness to alleys that wens dank with owe. When ha took hia hand away, his faco wore the expression that his friend had first notioed, but there was tenderness in hia eyes. "It's no nse, Dick," and there was a quiver of fear and affeotfon on the sensitive month; "yon most ooine with roe. Dow old Dick? I cannot go without you. Ton will comet" and the speaker's hand crept from the man's shoulder towards hia face In a boyi«h, caressing fashion. Mr. Richard Trpcey said, loudly enough to bo heaTd, had anyone been near them on tho street, "I will not go with you j my engage, mcnt it a private one, and I intend to keep it, Good-nye." Charley was tnming slowly in the direction of home, but Traccy hesitated, and came back hurriedly, with his hand held out in saluta tion. " Good'bye. God bless you." When Charley Fern walked across the paddocks from lho omnibus towards the rest' fulness of Alfred Oottagoj tho sun wm grow ing yellow, &nd; tho shadows longer. The noise of tho returning traffic was beginning to drift pp front the road, just penetrating the repose that was in the heavy branches of the pines. Tho little garden and lawn were walled in by hedge, blossomed with briar and rose. JBehind it was the patchwork of (lowers, and beyond tho sea. The dark shade of one of tho trees had stretched away across tho path, and spanned tho gravel from its root to the verandah, where it was mingling with tracery of ervepers, white with bloom, and filled with fragrance. When he opened the gate ho saw tho afternoon's brightness on Barbara's yellow hair, and near by a face that was gray and tranquil. They were watching the sun spinning threads among the leaves, and waiting for the sound of footsteps, Tho calls of birds weru around them, striking through the wide, faint monotone of the sea. " Where is Dick?" asked Barbara, meet* ing him in the flash of tho sunset, "Ho promised to relum." Partly tho sunlight, partly the darker back ground of tho house and tho dowers that liTed around it, made Charley Fern forget the auostion for tho questioner, and yet no could not forget entirely the foTobodmg ha carried with him when he and Tnicey separated. "What apictnreyon would mako if your portrait were taken now, Barbara, in tho middle of this sunset, with that background of flowers. How peaceful everything sc<rm» here. The dust is rising on the road not a quarter of a mile away; look at it yondeT with tho siin colouring it into a golden mistT and here is nothing bnt freshness and green* ness and bloom, I won ftve-and-twenty shillings, and you h#vo won the gloves. Look, and he showed the girl tlio montjy as ho had shown it to her brother at tho grand stand. j " Where is Richard, Charley ?" Mrs. Tracey was standing near her daugli* tor, and. the question came so earnestly out of the pine shade that it jilcnccd the speaker, scwning to show liim the face he had pirU'il with in the empty sunny street. I Charley replied with ft new cxpmaaion ami I a somewhat unsfendy voicp; "IIo told mo in tho city ho had a short priTnte engage ment to keep." "A short private engagement? IIo had none this morning." " I went to him immediately after tho Cup vu run, and found him titl ing (taring at tho Flat as if he had dreamed a dream or been stupefied with a blow-" "Than he is ill, Charles Fern, and you are here without him." Charley felt something liko a gup in Iris throat its he went on to say j "I asked him at the stand to como home with me, but ho did not seem to hpar for <»1P$ tin^o. After appear ing to think for a while, ho' roso and left with me for town. When there, ho said fio made the engagement jiut after the cup wu run, and before I rcpehed him, and lie moil fulfil it" The tound of the traffic on tho road had grown faint, the day had deepened into twilight-, tho Toicca of the birds had ceased. Mrs. Trnccy moTed out from the darkness of tho shade as silently as the shadows them selves were falling, and tho folds of her dark dnsu mingled and merged with them, but her face and white hair were as distinct in the dusk as her voice was distinct on tho lUence, M Did Richard say he would come homo ?" " IIo said his engagement was a short one." " It is growing cold Barbara j go inside Mr. Warn, and I can speak here." Charley saw tho white figure moTing away slowly above the sound of walking upon the pnth, until tho deepening twilight hid it, and the qirict of tho finished day rested on 1 both like n listening panse, " Now tnko your time, Chnrlcy j call upon ypnr memory "for oTcry episodo of tho day since yon joined my son, nnd t ell mo nil toii know, and all that is in your thoughts. God help me; I feel a foreboding of sorrow 1" It might- hare been the something of sup Clicntion that w»s in the firm voice ho hod | nown so long. It might be that, his own fear for his friend was roused, but he told ! what ho know brokenly, as if ho also felt j there was a sorrow coming. " And, oh! believe me, Mrs, Tmrov, 1 pot mv hand tipon his shoulder as I used to do when I was a boy, I mean younger than I am," ho explained wuii n atfWiimcr, "and I ho ivorda I .aid were,' 1)<u»r old DicV 1 oui't polioino without you.' Then ho nnawcrcd ahnrnly nnd loudly, but thcro wm no ono in llto tireel to licar, tlul his ongnacuit'ht WM pnTBtC-' H«r yoioc founded broken and diatnnt In tho dnrknm »a aho anoVo B^nin: "Tliia la not like my aon. I do Trnf re cogniae him. What cl#c? I »m wniling And nfrnid." "I liirnod to le»Te, undhn turned, then enmo bark i> few atcpa, lidding out bia Uaod." > Pern could l»it Juat hear the lndy'n voico, and ho Vm>w i( tluTO hnd bivn light hp would linvo .con tear* on hrr fncc. " Wlmt did ho any ?" "lie anid good bye, and (Jod blo»a you." In a moment her palo faoc wm doco to tboajtenW;', «nd her hand a were holding hi#. " Charley F« ru, for jour jm ii r mother's mkn I h»To watched ovor you wid loved jt'u next to my own tboac many Ji-im. You will do my »i.-li now «a you »!«»» * have, my son. You ore my only and beat depcndcnco. Thia night you mnat go bn«ls to town and find Richard." Her hand had found hia ahoaldor, juat u bia own had found and rested on her ion's a fow hours boforo and with liko persuading. "Da not return to Alfred Cottage without hiin," Fern could not *00 tho face, but ho could feel the trembling hand. There wm a pause; tho silence seemed hcavior than before, "Did you over know Dick to gamble P" Charley felt the hand close upon bis shoulder, and ho know the tone of bcreavment and fear that was in the answer. "Yes." " Do not sUvy up, Mrs. Trowy, At any hour of tho night, or of the day, when I have found him, I will return." " Go} eoef it is dark, tho lights are shining out from the Say, and front tho town. Charley, there is great danger, I can feel it, as though I knew now wliat I shall know hereafter. Remember there are sleepless eyes.and maybo a breaking heart at Alfred Cottage. I can only pray j the friend of the widow and of tho fatherless, lie will help you." The voice broke in sobs. Ho put his strong, young arm round her gently, and held hor hand, as he led her to the verandah. He saw another figure Hitting up before them, and when lie brought the widow to tho darker darkness, where tlw climbing (lowers wore, hor daughter's arms wore waiting, and her daughter's voice spoke bravely. Tho day was well advanced townrds the afternoon whim llr. Traccy, looking curiously tirod and dusty, found liu way to tho hotel, where the g*y and honourable men iwsemblo who belong to tho epwrting circle. Tho blooming wearers of blazing stones and henry watch chain#, and heavier faces-badness in cyc« and speech-had not yet come. They were away using tlicir metallic pencils on tho .ward, contemplating their wives in tho colours and silks they had pecked from pigeon*, and otherwise bustling and aggres sive with odds and lustv curses. There were other palo and drawn fares in tho dt-nnd in not a few coats of tho front, or from the front. They wcro scattered many whores these drifU of fortune with tho anathema of specu lation on them. But the sporting men, with their books and beta, and battered codes of honour, wcro in huge form, exultant red and loud. Thoy had not yet returned from their harrcst, and their hungering eyes were .till greedy above their figures. The counters of tho hotel wlvre the honour' able circle congregated were silent when Tracey entered. The hawks had not flown homeward yet, to shriek tho odds for tha following day and ruffle thonweWea .tbovo tho chances. Tho barmaids were dressed tod silent, waiting for the irruption, tnd tho waiten »aw Tracoy walk wo-trily in toward* one of tho privata room!. Ho paused for a moment, cam a back lo tho ooonter and drank some brandy, then entered and closed tho door. A waiter of super natural observation drew » napkin through I his hand and observed to a companion how he thought " that 'ore core WAS hard hit." Trany closed tho door qnietly behind him and sat down, Ho took a little phial from his pocket and pulled tho paper from it, on whinh was nrmfed a druggist's warning of poison. Ho looked at the liquid with n sot despair' ing face. Tn a few minutes he would be away over the threshold and into the gloom of tne unknown, where were tho sorrowful facts aghast of so many who had baited on the highway to heaven. Then rose before him the face of his mother. Itctmo to him as ha had known it in the pint, bright with Ufo and happiness, and Alloa with a lore for bim that was almost worship. Not so long ago, it now seemed to him( he remembered that faoo upon tho sands, when tho clear sky line ruled his sight from tho distant lands and the far seas she had told him of. As plainly then as on the days that were in those past years, came before him tho green of the pasture lands and the sombre tints where tho noath blossom gleamed, and the great organ* rocks eohoinpJtbaok ,thej music of the sea -there tho tender face, with its light that waa all for him, with its mothers trust and pride, and tho wondering eyes of Barbara near. Tlioso followed htm; these were drawing him bnok across the years into tho times wnen tho days seomed so full of hopo and lofo. They w ere in orery piotnro that floated by; they woro with him in tho evening times when the soaredness of tho dying aay olothod with golden blessing the >Hent trees and the distant mountains; ,wHen tho sadness that is not sorrow fell upon bim, mixed with hopo for tho future and tho corning days when he should go out for thom in tho sun rijo of life to diwihargo tho debt that had mndo his so hnpny, and bostowod upon it ro muob that was beautiful and fair. Whilo thcAe thoughts wero with him the phial lay in hi* palm, and with tbem he drifted from tho past into tho future. His mother's hair was whito now: how would hor tranquil faco look when nho received the news P Ho oould picturo the hopelessness and the deso* Am i'lainly llu-ii a* <>n tin- ilav.i tli.tt w. rr in llifitm jM-st ycnrn. <-aiuo litfuro him tin: of the jia.slurc iiuid* anil tlm (t.untiri; tmln whore tlio lioath Mowwun Klftam<»l, and tho trreat orswi-rocks oclioing buck the ninaic of tllOSCA. lation of it. How wonld ho hAvo returned tho blewitiRg and tho love ho had enjoyed V Her son, afraid to meet hia own work, nnd coward enough to seek death, fonnd doad in a " sporting" hotel, the wrecked of every thing, and without the oonsolation of the momory of him, that he wu ftl*o about to wreck. Her homo, her means of living, her support (rone, doubly widowed, and hopeless and lost. And Barbara, with her bright hair and noblo faoo, toiling for the suston anco that ha should have toilod for, unpro. tcotod, and trampled on by the harrying feet of tho striving world-the refined noma gono, mother and sister adrift-where ? Mr. IVohard Tracey raised hia hand, and tho littlo crystal thing he had spent «o long in trying to obtain waa shivered in fragments below tho grate, whilo * perfume as of almnnds or of wattle blossom filled the room. Ho had no idea whether the pictures which awam before him had occupied an hour or three. Tho room was dark, and tho sounding of foet and hum of Toicea from which oath and malediction shot,beat against tho door. A thin lino of light orept under it at tho threshold from where tho voices wero wrangling and jarring, where .hoarao laughter snook them, emphasised with calls and jangling glasses. From his window ho could ace the oalm stars and tho quivering pathway tho moon waa making on the sea. The temptation had boon ovorcorno, but tho trial ho had determined to avoid was waiting, bitteror than ever. Ho had wrecked his home, and in his recklessness had thrown his mother's and sister's money to tho greed that was surging out beyond the lino of light ruled there at the door. Votccs stopped at it and passed it j disordered and triumphant men rolled against it and staggered on- past the scene of a bitterer struggle than any on the course that day. Tracey listened in a stupor of mental exhaustion, A hand came out of the babol, fell upon the handle, hesi tated, and left it, Shouts of anger and mocking voices came in across tho narrow line of light. How long would they and tho ilaring pandemonium have halted if ho had been carried out stark ? Such was the world, or a part of it, on which he contemplate*! turning his mother and sister adrift. God help him i ho leaned over towards the window silently, and, chastened by the rest that was in tho silver night and the beauty that was in the glitter of the distant sea, he prayed and wept. " In there, sir, the gent went, but that wero in the rtftornewn, * said the discrimin ating waiter, pointing to tho door. And the door that had shut him with^his thoughts so long, opened wido and the glare nnd confusion tided in, Richard Trnwy was oror by tho window, looking while, before tho dun light thftl mot tho darkness. Charley Fern was on tha threshold, looking bewildered and nervous. lie had wandered everywhere ho could thint of, and thu present was his third visit to the honour able circlo of sporting ffcntlcmon, Tho waiter slipped in nimbly, and tho room bceama as bright as tlio bar beyond, " Oh, Dick, I-I nave been searching for jou since eight o'clock, and Mrs, Tracey is frightened and heartbroken, fearing that something has happened. Thank God I hare found jou alivo and well-that is middling. Dick, lot us go home ; I was getting afraid, too} it is p;wt midnight." "Sit down, Charley} I want to speak to you," " Wait till wo get home, Dick, 3fou look liko a ghost" Mr. Tracoy want on without heeding the request: "i told yon to-day I wu not strong enough to go home, and that I had ; as engagement to keep. I am scarcely strong enough to go homo oven now, and 1 have not kept the engagement I made. If it had been fulfilled you would have found mo lying doad on that sofa. Do you seo those sparkling pieces of glass below the grate and araell the porfumo of almonds P I oast the temptation from me, Charley Fern, and did not commit auioide." Tho pale, norveloss faoo, and the unsteady boding of tha eye*, so altered his frlond to Charley Furn that ho scarcely know him, "Did you over tee a roan weeping P If you had boon here an hour or hoara ago, I cannot toll when, you would havo seen ma hero weeping and praying. Oh! tho trial will bo terrible I and I am not yet strong enongh to go homo and dUoloso to them their misorr," " Their misery?" "Thoir misery; that thoy areponnileaa ont casta and boggnra, that tho old homo, oar old homa Gharloy, is lost to ns, that their shares in tho railwny and tho bank, aro lost, that bills are unpaid, and that I-" he struok hU breast savagely with his open hand, M whom they looked to an their nupport have brought all this ruin and di«Krnco npon them. Look at mo woll Charley Fern, I hare done it nil." "But-" " Ay, you wonld ask how 1 have done it?'' Seeking to retriovo losses sndor the cursed spell of tho gambling spirit, I plnnged with my mother'ri and sisters money time after timo and I tried to win ii all back this Cup, Ho laaphod and wipod the sweat from his forehead and hia wet, brown hair. "Yon stay with nit till after the holidays, Charley, till after the holy (Jhriatmaslido that h.mwI to bo so happy in tho old homto, It iti your last Christ' mo# viait my dear old friend; you will huo uu oo of old no moro. I am aa Rironif aa most men and I nan slavo and toil, bill, oh I iny, mother and inv nmtor, »nd tho diu graoo of it.. And nil </trough me whoin I hoy tmated ami honotirod an>i loved." Tho faoo of Charley Porn was aa white as the hpunkur'tf notv, hut for nil hid whiteness mid In* fear, ho* .id nlovvly and solemnly H.i if ho hnd aged, .' I shall sco moro of you than over. What in to bo dono cannot bo dono here Dink, lot us go liomu." They roao and wuut out and aa tlioy crossed tho brightly lighted plaoo, shouldered and cursed at by drunken men wild with debauah, the name Richard Truccy w.is nailed hurriedly. Ho f.iilercwl an instant, but his friend's arm was linked in his, bearing him away from tho cries und throes of the striving concourse. " Come on," whiaperod Charley Fern afernly between hia teeth, " they havo given us tiiftl and Borrow enough. Your mother ia praying and watching and waiting. Thank God, you havo eacaptfd and that I havo fonnd yon. Diok this ia torribio," The light waa Altering ont from the win* dow npon tho dark fir* aa Trscey and Fern walked up to Alfred Cottage. Traoov envied tho repose that aeemed al! aronnd, and half regretted that he too waa not lying atilled from tho trouble that wm coming, and the blank and proapeotlcaa future that waa to auroly settling down. Tho door waa opened gently, and the friends entered with tho manner of treapaanora carrying some message of aorrow. In the widow ? oyea thero woa only a look of thank fnlneaa. Aoruaa her old face ho beautiful with the a«al of yeara thera travelled an expreaaion of intenae relief, and tho calmneaa that trial and ahadowa in the paat had wrought npon hor cama back. "you are lute, Richard; yonr abaenco frightened 11a, and Charloy hero kindly undertook to find you." Tho words wero uttered in tho lady'a {uieteat tone and in hor gentle way, ont ern caught tho look of thankfulnoaa and gratitudo (tho gavo him, and felt rowarded and proud, notwithstanding tho clond that was aoon to break. ! Mrs. Tracey lookol for n moment keenly fit | her son's fnee, and rose hurriedly with a 1 now expression on hora-an expreaaion of j firmness and of Buffering, " Will yon have anything to eat, Flarhara hu gone to bedf" Tho hand of Mm. Tracey that rested cm the table wan trembling, though aho looked ao cairn of manner ana fipoko BO quietly. There waa fear in her eyea, and tho ahadow of some returned pain on her face, " Mother," naid Tracey, ^ diaguiaing nothing of the situation in voice or look or gesture, Tho lesa dlfguised that hla voico waa cold, that hia eyea were hot and glitter ing, that hia face waa aet and pitileaa. " Do yon know what I am and what I have done ? Von do not know-how could you ?-that I havo been a traitor to you and to luy aiater, and that I, whom you truated and loved M as only a mother like you can love, have ruined you both. Von do not posaesj a farthing in the world, it ia all gambled and gone; and thi.1 homo "-he stopped for a moment with the light full on hia blanched foatureft, and held hia hand out before him aa pointing to it-'. ia lost to you for ever, Do you quito comprehend, mother, that the aon you loved eo through every year and hour of hia lifo that he can remember, haa robbed you and your daughter ao completely that you may bo outcasts In the street to» morrow, and that from the sorrow and misory of tho coming Christmas Urns there is no escape P That son has been for hours to>daj standing on tho verge of eternity. It waa not the fear of tho darkness that detained him, Death offored peace, and the grave would hide his shame, It ww his mother's faoe, M he had known it years ago, as he knows it now, that saved the woold-be suicide from the crowning act of treachery," Mrs. Tratiey's lips had nuivored tnoro than onoe. Tho rising and failing of her breast told how tho words had reached her, but she felt what her son wonld say before he spoko, It was tho bearing of a trial she had borne before. Iler husband's face was with het in the face of hor son. telling a like story thus pitilessly against himself. That was thirty years ago, and together they had fought the Ion and woo the fight. Once beyond the chasm, it was tiassed for ever. The union of the struggle bad united them closer, and deepened tneir love. Often from the bright ness surrounding them they had looked back to that time to see how strength and light wero revealed through darkness, and to acknowledge the gniding hand. And Mrs. Tracey lifted np her grand groy faoe, bright and hopeful, and filled with trnngth and yearning. " Riohard Traooy is ray aon, for whom I shall never feel ashamed. Ho baa erred, he has sinned, but tho danger baa passed and the trial has begun, His mother ia brave enough and strong enough still to faoo mis* fortuno, and her daughter' '-her voioe shook and failed a moment, but aho went on mteadily - '. nud her daughter ia strong and brave too. The Christmas daya that arq coming may find na in distress, and thoir brightness may bo gloomod, bnt they will novor find us in dospair. My son has brought to mo tho gift of hia life, * All that I have la thine,'11 Richard Traooy sat down silent with his unaltered faoo. There wore team in Charley Fern's eyes, bnt ho hid them in tho shadow That early morning, when tho moon had passed and tho only sound abroad was in great hushinga of tho constant sen, Mra, Trncey opened tho door of hor daughter's room and came softly to hor bedxido. " Diok is back, mother. I ooald not sloep till I heard hU voice." " Barbara, my ohild, wo will sleep together and together await tho light, 1 am grow ing old, and onr night may bo very long." Then were the marks of tears and of deeper linea below her wintry hair. News of tho illness of Kiahard Tracey wan conveyed to the ofRoo, but it was not sun peeled that be was sick unto death of that portion of his part life whioh had ended with tho contemplation of his dark depart ure. Tie ling) red for week* on the border land in fever, amongst the pictures that had come to him in tho spurting hotel and held him buck from pasting beyond thfl curtain into the shndows. The air that nam" down softly from the hills to meet the bre^things of tho sea, and tho tender fragrance and freshnos* it carried from the flowors and the forest, were the blessings of tho day, but tho dark noss of the coming storm was I In goring and inevitable behind, Hia homo, hi* mother and sister had novor boforo seemed so benuli I fill as now. The proeiousncsa of tho happi I nefls ho had flung away with renklp** | hands was never so olenr Imfor,.'. I Every figure that approached him might bo the bearer of the first tiding* of the wreck, and his mother ami sinler, ami Charley Fern, knowing all, were braver than he, If ho saw a lino or a dnrjomjugibmigbt upon his mother's face, hitler upbraiding* swept him like a storm ; anil brave Cliarlov had been busy gaining knowledge and asking questions day hy day for hi# information. Charley had found a collage $ he had learned that Tracer's employers wore feeling < he want occasioned by his absence, but of nil subjects there was no mention of the' Mai Cup day or its sorroimdinga, A-» his mother's hand had supported him by tho sua no m.tiiy yenrs ago, her arm supported him now, but moro than nil her undaunted heart anil hor unshaken faith and trii.il. The Clirjatnia# season,at least,was tho lime for thankfulness } frutn it tho grace roa'ched her that enabled her to keep hope and look ont steadily on tho trial. It w« tho time for happiness and gratitude, for a gift that was greater than nil that could be lost, Why should she repine at a time when the voices of angels It,id swept tho sky in praise above the humble Dcthlchem .and below the Stars P One day before tho gloamings that were dazzling and shoot ingat them from the waters: -" If Iliad but told you all,mother,before the ruin came. If you but knew my fear for jou and the contempt for inyseJP when J looked at your peaceful face so beautiful to me below the ago it carries. To you I owe a second life," Anil aha looked upon him with infinite tenderness arid pride, and snid, " I am glad to see yon moro hopeful nnd stronger for tho coming trouble, Tlio darkness of it is nearly over, and there will come soon tho shining of the true light. Hero Is Charley hurrying down from the house. lie is troubled by tho way ha walks, Richard. The lightness and buoyancy seem to hare left his figure. This is tho beginning of it, my son, bo strong," Charley looked at Mrs, Trncey with «n air so unmistakeahly embarrassed that the lady walked away towards tho cottage-maybe for the last time she could call it hers-and as she walked her sight was blurred with tears, and alono sho bore her burthen of the tribula tion. " Dick," a poke Ohnrley, hurriedly looking round. " Do you remember the night of tho) Oup day when wo walked through the nrowd of sporting men out of tho hotel, and one shouted out your name-a tall, handsome man all aglitter with studs and chains, and a (lowing beard ?" "I remember the night but dimly, Charley j bnt I recognise tho man you moan, ho answered as a suspicion at tho old btank came to his face. lie met mn in tho street to-day, and asked whefo you were, and ho seemed so indignant that/ you had not called on him. Ho gaTo ino this letter, which ho said ho would have sent to you long ago, but that ho was not certain of ^our nddress. Never mind, Diek, the sooner it i* over tho better. There is the letter." Charley, all hot and anxious as he was, stood for a moment irresolute, but wlion ho saw tho suffering on his friend's face, ho too, walked slowly towards tho cottago, Mr, Tracey read Shu,-Although that decision of them --< stewards makes you the winner, I've half a mind not to pay. If you don't choose for to put in an appearance I'm -- if - I am going to look after yer sugar, and you tho Meanest clincher of tho lot that I havo got. Two-thirds of my Cup profits are gono on tho softest thing I had, at least I thought so, nnd it would liev been, only Pluto ran inside. I never knew a man loo proud to come for his coin yet, but you. I now send you a cross cheque for £8500, and please acknow ledge receipt., prompt . I wouldn't her gono to this trouble only wo bop done business be* fore, which I hope is not the last. I'll take 10 to 1 on Oberon or 0 to I on Spencer, that's short enough odds. I know after this you'll giro mo a lift to get my book round.-Yours, Ac,, JoalAfl IIRR BITOT, I X».?3.-1 licnp yon her more beta of tho saine «ort out. Don't lose m mom time about getting them in. The foolisher tho bet is tho better the luck sometimes. Won't touch Stockings, he has gone crooked, H, Richard Trocoy turned giddy and sat down to think. In tho vaguo whirl of his thoughts ho romembered that as matters had turned out owing to tho stewards' decision ha mint bo one of tho heaviest of tho winner*. Tho cloud h«d no sooner fallen than it was lifted. 1'be sorrow of tho trial hml been pawed through, and it had taught ita own merciful lesson. Tho hand that had brought him through the darkest passage of his lifo WM full of gifta, and carried n warning ncrer to bo forgotten. Behind tho dark Christmaa cloud was brightness, and tho cloud was big with blearing. When Tracey entered tho cottngo his mother started, in fear at his face, not knowing wliat tho change meant. Tho expression that had been gradually deserting him for so long bad returned, and the look »U«5 so well romomborcd in the boy's faro on tho sands was back again to the roan onco more. " Richard, what-what is-your face is different.. What is tho happiness and why tho joy that have corao to you," : Said Charley Forn, ploddingly, in the garden: "Yon called mo your son that night, and I brought him back. Let me have the right to call yon mother." ANA MM, Traoey took hia freah strong fnoe in her white hands, drew it towarda her, and kissed hie forehead, "Gharloy, my acn," and thero waa great love and softneaa in her yoloe, ° my Christmas gift to ypn wiU bo the greatest a mother o*n bestow, Bar bara is yours," 