ttrititutl Sal*. Written expressly for the Southern Argus.) THE HOUSE WITH THE CROOKED CHIMNEYS. By H. A. St. Btjxton. [ Author's rightR reserved.] Chapter VIL Introductions. (Continued from our last.) Mr. and Mr?. Lee exchanged merry glances, and Rose Brown worked very industriously, with her head bent rather lower down over her work than I think was absolutely necessary. She ap peared quite unconscious of the addition to the party till Mrs. Lee said very quietly, * Miss Brown, may I have the pleasure of introducing my brother, Bernard Stockton, to you ?' She rose with an embarrassed air, and glanced first at Mrs. Lee, then at her brother. As his sister named him to Miss Brown he stepped quickly up to her, and a crimson flush spread over his dark handsome face as he bowed over the little hand he shook so gently. Rose coloured to the roots of ber golden brown hair, and her eyes dropped shyly after a brief glance at the dark ones which were looking straight into her face. She knew it was an impossibility for her to look long or calmly into those dazzling orbs, I have said a little way back that Bernard Stockton talked more with his eye« than his tongue, and to confess the truth these said eyes were very eloquent this morning. * Surely you don't mean to go shoot ing this morning, Bern,' said Walter Lee some quarter of an hour later, as his brother-in-law marched up the hall again with his gun on his shoulder. 'Indeed I do, Wall. The weather will soon be too hot for this kind of play, so I mean to make the most of it while it remains bearable.' * Too hot I I should think so ; you'll find it precious warm to- day, I rather fancy. If you're wise you'll take my advice and not go. I'm certain you'll find it far pleasanter at home.' Bernard was standing in the parlor doorway idly swinging his large cab bage-tree hat, a little undecided whether to go or stay ; but he hesitated no longer when he saw the meaning glance Walter cast on the little dressmaker. ? Sorrv I can't take your advice to day, Wall,' he answered lightly, stoop ing to pick up his hat, which he had purposely let fall, hoping by this ruse to hide from his brother-in-law's mis chevious eyes the warm flush which suffused his face. ? I shall not come home this evening, Emily. I'll see you in town to-night, Wall,' he said abruptly, seeing Walter about to make another attack. With one hasty ? Good morning* he departed. His parting farewell he meant for the whole group, though he only looked at Rose, who was making vigorous efforts to push her needle through a hard seam, which ended in her breaking the slender steel implement, and giving her own finger a sharp prick. 'Wouldn't you like it Mr. Wall,' mused Bernard, smiling brightly as be marched away. ' I know you of old, sir ; it would be fine fun for you, but I decidedly object. You're the greatest plague out, Wall ; I won't trust you to day, old man. I shouldn't mind your nonsense myself, but I don't think it's quite fair that that little girl should be made uncomfortable through me. I wonder if she's coming agnin tomor row ? I wish I knew. Brother Wall, I wouldn't have budged an inch but for him being such a torment. I say, how he would go it if he knew all.' What this ' all' is which is hidden from Walter Lee, we will not at present try to find out ? we will leave it in Bernard's care. I have not the time, and if I had, I fancy it would be far from interesting to you, if I told you the whole history of Rose Brown's first day at the house with the crooked chimneys. I will content myne.lf with narrating only one more incident which occurred, and which caused a slight commotion. Shortly before twelve Mrs. Wilson returned home, and having divested herself of her shawl and bonnet, put in an appearance to report herself. Mrs. Lee and Rose looked up at her as she entered the room. She first caught Mrs. Lee's eye, and was on the point of explaining how she had succeeded in her commissions, when she remembered that there was another person in the room. With a slight feeling of curiosity she glanced at Rose, who was standing near the table. She wanted to see what the dressmaker was like in day-light ; it bad been to dark the previous Satur day nisjbt for her to see her features, Rose's blue eves met Mrs. Wilson's and she was just in the act of bowing her recognition, when the change in the face she was looking at alarmed her dread fully, a sudden and deadly pallor spread over it ; and her eyes almost darting from their sockets were fixed with a strained, eager, questioning look on the \ oiinc; girl's face, the parcels in her hands fell on the -floor, and she would have quickly followed them if Mrs. Lee and Rose had not darted forward and placed her in a chair. Mrs. Lee ran out for a glass of water and Rose stood fanning the almost fainting woman. She drank a little water engerly, and when she began to recover she appeared most anxious that her two attendants should be convinced that her illness was attributable to the heat and that alone. Mrs. Lee, insisted that she should lie down for a short time, and after a slight demur she retired to her own room for that purpose. Mrs. Wilson's fainting fit was the subject of some speculation ; for neither Mrs. Lee nor Rose were imposed upon by her positive assertion of the cause of her sudden indisposition. * The heat — well it might have been the heat — but I cannot believe it,' said Mrs. Lee, as soon as Mrs. Wilson was out of ear shot. ' Really, I never saw her looking better than when she came into the room. She was quite herself till she Baw yon, my dear, and the minute ehe set eyes on you she looked as if she had been a ghost, or some one risen from the dead. I'm quite con vinced that yon, and not the heart, were the cause.' So Rose thought. Though why a look at her had such a disastrous effect on that stern-eyed woman remained a mystery for which she could find no key. Chapter VIIL The Little Dressmakfk's Home. I do not feel the slightest fear of con tradiction when I assert that you might search all North Adelaide, indeed all South Australia, over and you would not find a sweeter tampered or prettier little maiden than Rose Brown, nor was per sonal beauty her greatest charm ; the purity and goodness of ber mind and heart were written in plain, legible characters on the dear little face j only read with an understanding eye and conviction immediately followed that the fair page told naught bat truth — that she was as good as she was lovelv. To many of the poorer part of the scattered population on the hill, Rose was well i known, more than one dull eye lighted ; up at the sight of tbe fair face — and many a tongue blessed the street voice which ever spoke words of comfort and good cheer — and looked with admiring glances at the little hands which were never weary of performing unostenta tious deeds of love. Softly humming a sweet hymn tune, with a heart as light as her step, Rose tripped over the intervening space of ground which lay between the Lee's and her own home. The white gate mentioned by Zeke Brown, creaked slightly as it yielded to her touch ; this she closed with as little noise as possible then advanced up the garden. It was a clear, starlight night ; and there was a dewy freshness in the air which seemed to distill the sweet perfume of the stocks and mignonette which grew in such abundance in Zeke's front garden ; yet the evening breeze was not suf ficiently strong to disperse the fragrant odours. The house door stood wide open ; and on its threshold Rose paused ; looking very like an inquisitive little bird, and knowing that she was unob- j served took a quiet survey of the room and the people occupying it. It is not a difficult matter to look over Rose's shoulder, so we will take the liberty of doing so, and have a quiz on our own account. We will begin with the room. Not over large, with sloping ceiling, rough plastered walls, which are snowy white, a rather wide fireplace which is as pure as the walls ; owing to the coating of white-wash, 'which it gets for six consec utive days with one of rest, then six again, year in and year out. A small heap of red embers is glowing in the centre of this white setting ; and on the strong brandis a large kettle, jetty black and polished, stands singing a low song for itB own especial pleasure, above on the dark mantle shelf is a goodly array of highly polished round tins, in which are kept a variety of small arti cles deemed by good house-keepers of the greatest importance in their culinary operations. In the centre a small clock ticks loudly for a thing so small, and at either end a tall, bright brass candle stick supplied with candles and neatly pinked out rounds of stiff writing paper to catch tbe falling tallow, stands ready for use on grand occasions. The shelves over the cupboards on either side of the fireplace are well stocked with crockery, which with the exception of some old fashioned china, is of the ordinary pat terns. The folds of the short muslin curtain, which reaches about one-third up the small window are arranged with surprising regularity j as you can see for yourself, the green and white striped blind being rolled some distance above it. Immediately under the window stands a colonial sofa ; the mattress and round pillows are covered with a blue and white checked cotton . material ; de pending from the former is a valence which reaches within six inches of the flojr, Round the room are arranged about half a dozen strong sedar chairs. In the middle of the uncarpeted lime- ash floor stands a long, narrow, deal table ; and round it are seated three people. The male part are sitting on eisher side, on long, backless, deal forms, and the chair at the head of the table is filled by the mistress of the house. Like everything else in this room this table is spotlessly clean ; and the viands on its bare boards are both abundant and eavory. The clock ticked loudly, the kettle sang merrily to the clicking of the knives and forks of the three who were solemnly intent on the business in hand. To he continued in our nex 