COME AND WELCOME. FOB SINNERS. BV THE REV. A. SAPHIR, D.D. There is the greatest possible comprehensiveness in the words, "Him that cometh to Me." You need not be some one, only any one. You cannot plead that you are too insignificant. Jesus is not satisfied with the ninety and nine. The little child—the poorest, and, to our thought, least important human being— possesses an invaluable importance and preciousness to Him—"Not many wise, not many rich, not many noble are called." Neither does Jesus mention poverty, or ignorance, or childhood as entitling us to come to Him, as if earthly wisdom, power, or dignity excluded men—"Him that cometh to Me." Jesus sees you only as one coming. Any human being coming to Him at once arrests His attention, secures His affection, gains His welcome. The most frequent objection or difficulty raised is our sinfulness, our unworthiness, our culpable neglect of privileges. Jesus simply says, " Him that cometh to Me." He knows our sin, our guilt, our depth of ungodliness; but He calls sinners to repentance. He says nothing about the extent, the degree, the culpability of your sin. Yoiynay supply whatever adjective you like to the noun sinner^ such as great, inexcusable, or—what I think the most appropriate for myself— chief, as you feel it, still it remains, " Him that cometh to Me I will in no wise cast out." If the difficulty of your sinfulness is removed, you will likely say, "I know that all sinners are welcome, but it is all repentant sinners; my contrition is very slight, and my sorrow very selfish." Yet Jesus says nothing about this, but simply, "Him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out." It is the ungodly for whom Jesus died, and whom God justifies. We are not first made godly, and then received; we are first received, and then made godly. Jesus expects you with your bad and selfish heart, and if you come to Him He"will give you a new heart. Jesus expects you with your soul empty, parched up, dry, only thirsting, and He will give you drink. There is no merit in your thirst; there is only in it the appeal which Jesus can never decline. Jesus expects you, homeless, defenceless, in danger of relentless and cruel enemies, and He wilt let you in, and you will be received. He calls not to thoee who are in safety, or who are not sufficiently sheltered, but to the lost ones. What can be worse than lost f Our Lord does not limit His assertion by describing the motive or the purposes of the comers. You may think, "I think of going to Ja;us because I am afraid, or because I feel unhappy and desolate. He will not receive me in my selfishness." Whatever drives you, if it drives you to Jesus, He will receive you. It was the famine which was instrumental in making the prodigal come to himself, and say, "I will arise." Affliction, bereavement, fear, desolateness, whatever it is, if you feel Jesus only can help you, .hear the words, " Him that cometh to Me I will i.n no wise cast out." You may not have thought of God and eternity, of Christ's salvation and love, when you were strong and rich, and surrounded with earthly joys. Come to Jesus. Though a man has spent childhood, and youth, and all his riper years—his time, his ^strength, his wealth— all apart from God, and yet at last feeling the emptiness of all earthly things, and . his need of pardon, grace, peace, and hope for the eternal world, turns to Jesus as the only One who can help him, surely Jesus will in no wise cast him out. Again, men feel the need of Jesus in various ways. Some, moved with fear, seek deliverance from the wrath to come; some feel the greatest and most urgent need of acquittal before the judgment seat of God; some feel like orphans in the world, and the heart is aching, and longs for sunshine and love; some feel the power of Bin, and long to be released from its bondage; some are perplexed by the problems of human life and the world's history. For whatever purpose, come to Jesus. Whatever it is that you seek, it will bring with it all other gifts. Light and peace and love, a pacified conscience and a renewed heart, remission of sin and the gift of the Holy Ghost, all the gifts purchased by Christ are like precious pearls, and hung together on a golden thread—on the scarlet thread of the redemption in Christ's blood I And if you take hold of one, you possess all. You seek justification, but He gives you more, even the adoption of children. You only think of pardon, but He gives you the indwelling of the Holy Ghost. You ask grace, and He gives you the promise of glory. Only come. " Him that cometh to Me I will in no wise cast out." Come I You know what that means. Look unto Jesus 1 Giving up all hope of self-amendment and self-help, as an ungodly one, a sinner, trust in Jesus. Call upon the name of the Lord. His name is so easily uttered, and it is so blessed: Jesus, who saves His people from their sins I If you cannot speak, sigh. This also is coming. 