.HE POLISH JEW. CHAPTER VI-(Continued.) 'Ahem! old gold,' 'he said, and turned towards the light, that lie ..,might .see it better. .'Ah.: this is ?omtheig'of the lot that came frdm the belt. That belt has been of wonderful serv'ce to us- . He sank into a reverie, and mut tered- i 'tYes, yes; but for that the tavern :would have been in a pretty mess ! It, wasn't a bit too soon. Another week, andOtt, the bailiff, would have come jogging here on his car. But we were all right, and ready for him, we had got the cash-gave it out that old uncle Martine had left us a legacy.' He returned the piece of money to the pile from which he had taken it, and counted over again. 'Ah !yes, that belt saved us all .firom going to the devil. If Catherine had known--. Poor Catherine.' He looked at the piles of gold, mut tering to himself, with pride and satis faction ' Thirty thousand livres !' .. Suddenly he leaned back in his chair, placed his head on one side, and listened. And .after a minute or so, said to, himself- 'It's 'the bell belonging to the mill.' Then he called aloud ' Nickel-Nickel !' :,-'nd almost immediately the door 'o6pened, and Nickel appeared, standing in the doorway. ' Didjyou calL me master?' he said. 'Yes; come in. Nickel entered, and closed the door. Who is that ,at the mill ?' asked 'Mathiia. s 'There is'. nobody- 'there at all, master.' . Were yof iii the 'big r.om ?' 'Yes, master,' : and.: I didn't hear' nothing.' t It's's vry od' 'I: ould have ear, saying to himself ' It's the singing-and buzzing come back again.' `_:q';Hie shook; off ?: h'" 'uncomafortable eeling, and said to Nickel- ' What were 'Sou doing in the big room 9', - .,, ' wIas reading this, master,' replied Nickel, holdiniigutr un almanack that he had in his hand. 'It's The Lame Messenger,' master.' ' A parcel of~t'ories about ghosts, no doubt.' ' No, .t ain't, master.; it's an un common queer'story, though.' T '~ fsi', I daresay.' 'It's about some people in a little village in Switzerland, robbers that were discovered.after three-and-twenty years throfigh the old blade of a knife that was found at a blacksmith's .among a lot of old iron. They were all taken together like a pack of wolves, the mother, the..two sons, and thel grandfather. They were hanged all of ca row. Look, 'master, here's the picture,' said Nickel, offering the almanack to Mathias. ji; Be, off with it--I: don't want to see it,' roughly cried Mathias, pushing back the almanack; 'you would be much better employed in reading your prayer:book. Be oif 'with you.' Nickel got out of the room as quickly as he could, and Mathias went .over'.and flopped himself down into his easy chair. And, after a minute or two, he shrugged his shoulders contemptu ously, ,an" said to himself 'People hanged after three-and :i.twenty:.years. through the old blade ,of a knife ? What idiots! They should have managed like me, and left no traces.' ?:?e closed his yes'e, and went off into a sort of doze. The bells were again ringing in his s earst and he started .up :and stood t "ainfiaed. He- saw, distinctly;, the bridge of Wechem, the snow falling thickl," the Polish: Tew in his sledge, and himself following close behind, hatchet in hand, and about to strike. And in this appalling vision the face of the Polo was turned towards his ..living murderer, who, with a fearful yell, dropped back into his chair, and placed his hands above his eyes, hoping so to shut from his mental gaze t.hat te:riblo spectacle. CHAPTER VII. DANGIE:IOUS GIIOUND. BAria that vision, which had lasted or about a few moments, had disap peared, Mathias remained for a long while crouchling in his chair. f Gradually, however, he recovered trom the'stupor into which terror had brown him, and was able to reason with himself. ' It was the blood-the blood mount ing to my head again that made me fancy I saw-yes, yes, I know-I am not a fool 1, It wan't a pleasant sight, though,' he said, with. a shiver, ' and I don't want to have any more of that sort'of.thing ' ; He sat a while longer, and then said .' I am all right again nowv-the pains in my head are gone-there is n:o film now before'my eyes; I can see cleiar enough-and that buzzing and singing in my ears has left me-yes, yes, I am all right again now !' And he was indeed himself again,, calm and collected, and his nerves as: steady, his will as firm as before he had beheld that fearful vision. He rose from his easy-chair, walked steadily. across the room, and again seated himself before the secretary to finish his reckoning of the dowry. ' Let me see,' he mumbled, ' thirty thousand livres-yes, that was it.' He again counted the number of the little piles of gold, to be quite sure that he had made no mistake, then dropped them, one by one, back into the bag from which he had taken them, and carefully tied up the bag with a piece of twine. And, while thus employed, said to himself- 'They're in luck, I should say: Nobody has ever made me -such a present; I. have had to gain it. all for myself, liard by liard. Ah, well- ah, well-some are born under a lucky star; others have to make a position for themselves. There,' he added, rising from the chair, ' all is ready now- everything in order.' A shadow passed the window withl out ; he looked, nodded to himself, and then called Come in, Christian, come in !' He directed his steps towards .the door, which, as he neared it, opened, and Christian appeared. 'I am glad to hear that you are better, Mr. Matthias,' said the quarter master, warmly shaking the hand of his father-in-law. ' Yes,' pleasantlyresponded Mathias, 'there's nothing the matter with me now. Christian was again about to speak, but the burgomaster prevented him, and pointed towards the secretary. 'See, Christian, see, I have been counting over Annette's dowry-lovely, jingling livres-beautiful gold ! It's a pleasant sight to see always, even when one has got to give it away. It recalls to you the memory of all your toil, of your good conduct, of your lucky hits;. a man sees, so to speak, all his youth defile before his eyes, .and he thinks that that will benefithis children; and that touches, softens a man!' ' I ivell believe you, Mr. Mathias,' responded 'Christian, muchimpressed; ' we profit only by the mon'ey that has been obtained by honest labour; 'tis like the good seed which'sprouts forth always, and produces the abundant hlarvest.' ' ':''Jtist exactly' what I was thinking,' oalmly replied Mathias. . And I was sayiing.to myself also that we are very fortunate when the good seed is dropped into a fruitful soil.' ' You wish that we should sign the contract to- day ?' asked Christian. ' Yes,' replied Mathias, ' and the sooner it is done the better pleased I shall be. I have never been for put ting off things. I can't endure people who are never decided. When people are all of the same mind, there is neither sense nor reason in postponing affairs from week to week; it shows a want of resolution, and a man ought to be determined 'about everything he undertakes.' ' [assure you, Mr. Mathias, that I could desire nothing better; but I was thinking that perhaps Miss An nette- ' 'Annettee loves you,' interrupted the burgomaster-' so, too, does my wife '-adding, as he turned his back to Christian, and closed the secretary, 'everybody likes you.',. 'Well, 'then, let. us sign,' said Christian. .. ' Yes,' said Mathias, ' and the con tract signed,, we Will have the wedding.'- " ' You could not say, anything more agreeable to me, Mr. Mathias,' Warml'y cried Christian' ' We are young but once in our lives, you klino,' smilitgly. isaid . Mathias, ' and we ought, to make the most of our youth.' STrue, sir, very true.' 'The doweiy is aill ready fof'you and I hope you will be satisfied with, ''Oh ! si, protested Ohristan,' you know .t1at I possess-'but little; I haye 'You have your rank, your courage, and your good conduct,' interrupted Mathias; 'as for the rest, leave all that to me. I' wish'that you should be a man: of substance. Only, Chris tian, there is one' promise you must make me.'. : ,. ' What promise is that, sr ?'; ' Young people are ambitious; they are always looking out' for advance ment, which is natural enough.' 'Well, sir, what is it you wish ?' 'That you should remain hero, in the village, whatever may happen, in, spite of all temptation to leave it, as long as Catherine and I are alive. You understand, ' we have but one child; she is as dear to us as the eyes in our head; and to see her go away from us -oh I that would break our hearts.' Why, really, Mr. Mathias, where could I be so happy as with Annette's family ?', 'Do' you promise me to remain,! yvon though.:it should be proposed to you to become ian officer elsewhere,?' ' Yes, I proniise.... SYou give me your word of honour upon it 2' 'I'give it you.-with pleasure.' ' That's enough. 1 am satisfied.' They .shook hands upon it, and Mathias was delighted that he had gained his point. We can well understand wherefore Mathias wished that his daughter's husband should be.always near him. His mind thus made easy--'. Now,' said Mathias, ' letus talk of something else.' 'With all my .heart' '. responaded ,Christian. ' .You have been late i nom lra:this morning.' ' Othera:ffairs to attend toaoi douibt. Annriette'vasi epeeting yodu; but ialast she ' 'Ah !' interrupted the quartermaster, ' a most astonishing.thing; arthing that never happened to me before.' ' ?hat do you. mean ?'. 'Why, only imagine,. I . haveboeen i'eading allidavits from five o'cloolk. till ten. T'he time passed, and the more I read the more I wanted to read.' " 'What affidavits ?' ' About that affair of the Polish Jew, who was killed under the great bridge' 'Oh ! indeed.' ' Yes; Heinrich had told me. about that strange murder the other evening, and I couldn't get it out of my head''i. ' No; couldn't you though ?' 'Indeed I could not. And it seems to me very astonishing, Mr. Mathias, that nothing has ever been discovered;' ' Yes, I dare say-I dare say.' 'Let me tell you,' said Christian, admiringly, ' that he was a.ecunning rascal who did that job, whoever:he was.' ' Well, I agree with you there.':: " When you come to think .that. everybody was all abroad-the gen darinerie, the tribunal, the police, every b'ody-and they were hot able to find even the slightest trace.'' " Well, that's true." ...Yes, I read it all,,;and have,not yet got over my astonishment.'', ,,i " Aye, aye; the fellow' was:. no fool." ' . , :" Afool? ?" exclaimed the: quarter master ; " there was neiver more art ful vagabond. That man. woiild have. become the cleverest gendarme in all the department.". ' Do you really think so ? ": "I am sure so. 'For there. aie many, so very many. ways of huniting out people in the most trifling affairs, and so few are able to escape, that for such a crime most extraordinary skill and cunning were needed;" '" You are right, Christian; anudthat which you have just said shows your good sense. I have always thought that a hundred times more ingenuity was required-you understand, 'of course, that I mean evil in'geniiity, dang 'rous cunning--to .escape . the gendarmes than to unearth the rogues, because those fellows hae 'all h'ie world against them." "That is quite clear.'" "' ' " Yes. And besides, he .who has committed one crime, I when?: heo has gained by it, wants to? d' a secoiid, and a third. Its jiust the.- sadf d.;ith him as with a gambler-once, begun, no stopping, you know:": " It is too true, sir." '' Yes, you see, he finds it so pleas ant.. to have money without working for it ; aliiiost always he goes at it again, until at last he gets...caught, i believe that it requires a good deal of courage" to stop at the first thing of the sort'" ' You are right, Mr. Mathias, and ihe of whom we were speaking must have had that. courage, and kei-' himself quiet ever since.'. ' Yes, I daresay; 'I shliouldn't at all wonder,' carelessly drawled' Mathias. 'But the' most astonishing of all'id,' pursued Christian, ' that no one':has ever found the least trace of the Polish Jew.': 'Yes, that is very strange.' ' Do you know, an idea has struck me-on that subject.', ' What idea ?' ' There used to.be several lime-kilns onthe Wechem side; aind my notion is, that whoever killed the Pole, burned the body in one of those kilns, and that that is the reason why nothinig was found except his cap and his cloak. Old Keltz, who followed the regular routine, never thought of that.' ' Well, it's quite., possible; that idea had never struck 'me; You ,are the first who ' "Yes,,- Mr. Mathias,' inferriipted Christian,.' I iould lay my life that I am right. Anid that idea leadt to a great many others.' ' Ah ! indeed.?'. : , 'Yes.; if.we knew whowere the lime. burners atthat time-~---. ... '.Take care; Christianr, ied. Mat hias in aje~eting tone?' ?vas one bf the lime burners myself ; :I had'a kiln" at the time of that' businesi"':; ,% !" ..' Oh,' laughed.' Christian, yo6ii 'r: Mathias I' And both' laughed at that veiy comical idea. And wihile they, each in a different wvay, were enjoying the joke, Catherine and Annette,. who. had returned, and were about?'to enter 'thli6ouSe, stopped and looked through one of the windows of that room.' There he is,' cried Annette. Both" Mathias' and Christian heaid, her, and turned and nodded to her. Christian ran to the door:to' meet. Annette, and Mathias said'to his wife' as she entered the room- ' 'Well, Catherine, have, the,:otiers come yet ' -; 'Oh, yes,' she replied ; ' they"i , all in the big room; the notary is reading the contract to them.' - S' Good-good.' ' ' Annette and Christian had remained near the door, talking together in an. undertone . 'Oh, Annette,' cried Christian, 'how greatly that beautiful cap be comes. youtl! ' It was father that gave it tome; he brought it from illibeauville.' ' Ah L' that is, behaving something.] likesa fathler..' Mathias, looking at himself in the glass, said ' I must shave ;. mustn't have a dirty beard on sucb.a day as this.' 'IThen, turning toward Christian, cried,. with a joyous ar- '-Well, quartermaster, the time is come; the great event is about to take place.' And Christian, earnestly engaged with Annette, replied, without turn ing ' Yes, Mr. Mathias.' W ' Well, then, don't you know what is done, when everybody is of the same mind-when the father, and mother; and daughter, are satisfied ?' 'No, whit is done, sir ?' Why, the future husband lovingly accosts the'young. woman about to be his wife-and he gives, her. a: hearty kiss. Hal ha ! ha ' . 'Is that 'true, : iAnnette ? asked :Christian. .' 'Oh, realljy Ido:nkniio?w, Chris tian,' blushed Annette, giviiigher haid to her lover. . Then Christian drew her towards him, and kissed her. ." ' That's the way. to become properly acquainted,' laughed Mathias. ' Then he, unobserved, looked at the quartermaster in a very peculiar way. The lovers gazed fondly into each other's eyes. All were silent. Cathe iviie, who had seated herself near the fire, covered her face with her apron, to conceal the tears that she was shedding. Mathias went to her, withdrew the apron from before her face, and took her hand. ' Catherine,'he said, ' look at them aren't they a handsome couple? See how happy they are. When I think that we were once just as they are now..'. Catherine left .off crying, and Mathias grew thoughtful, and said to himself, in a dreamy sort of way ' Yes, strange as it seems to me now, 'tis really ':true, that I once was like that.' Then, rousing himself, he said ' Come, come, all is, well, nothing could be better,' drew' `Catherine from her chain, and placing his arm within his.own, led her, from the room, say ing-.. 'Come along, let us leave the young ones together alone for' awhile. ' No doubt they have a good many .things to say to one another.' 'As soon as they had 'left the room, Catherine' again burst into tears. 'What are you crying for?' said Mathias, not at all harshly. ' Are you vexed or sorry about it ?' 'No,' sobbed Catherine. 'That's right. Annette was bound to get married some day or other, and where could we have found a better husband for her ? Come, come, dry your tears ; it isn't as if she were going altogether away from us.' (To be conti nued.) 