REDUCTION 01 BAIL WAT RATES. The railway policy of the Government in endeavouring by means of differential rates to secure the Riverina traffic, heretofore monopolised by the adjacent colonies of Victoria and South Australia, owing to the advantages of" their geographical position, has met with the most satisfactory results. .The report of the past year's transactions has been issued, and in passing we may remark jthat it .is not geite'ral with the Government departments to be quite so prompt aa to have tiie 12 months work and the financial result circulated withiu three week3 after the year ends.! The report shows that a very notable increase in the trade has tBken place, as .will be seen by the following table, compiled by the officers of the department, and showing in condense'^ form the ^results of the Service 1879. Gross earniugu .. £952,366 Expnuditure . .. 601,721 Xel earnings .. 347.G45 Capital expended.. 10,106,195 Interest on capital.. S'340 Sorvice Hj80. £1,159,808 665,010 493,303 11,750,657 Increase. £20,744 65,799 151,663 1,851,062 •906 It will be seen that the expenditure for 188C included the amount of £1.351.062 for construction. The interest exceeded that on the capital expended during 1879 by nearly 1 per cent., and was about a quarter per cent, over that at which money can he borrowed in England, viz., 4 per cent. In Gonsequence of this, and in pursuance of a promise made a long time since, Government has been induced to make some large reductions in freight charges, In a direction to encourage more particularly the agriculturists and dairy produce sillers. The estimated total amount of the reductions will be about £30,000 per annum. The principal reductions have been made iu connection with goods coming under the special class A, andjin cases where a truck rate can be charged the consignors sending sufficient to enable the department to charge at per truck. Thus, under the old rate, -six tons sent from Juiiee to Sydney w^uld cost £8 5s 6d, whereas the charge would now be £7 2s 8d, a saving of £1 2s lOd, or in a jgeneral way 8 reduction of from 12 to 15 per cent. Reductions have also been made iu the sue :ial class (divisions A B C and D) by having the rebates for distance increased from 5, 10 and 20 per cent, to 10, 20 and 40 per cent respe jtively. Dairy produce of all- kinds—cheese, butter, bacon, eggs. &c.i; has been reduced from the 3rd to the 2nd class. The ret; per ton fri >m Junee has been reduced from £6 17s lid to 4 19s Id, or a reduction of £1 18s lOd. The rate on new bags has oeen made the same as tha for wool packs. A large | reduction has also b eeu made in the rates for poultry and pigs in quantities. Salt for dairy and preserving purpi ises trill be carried at 2£d per ton per mile in place of 4d per ton per mile. The new rates iu all instances are such as to entural and dairy keeping^ courage the agricu classes. A vigoroui endeavour has recently been made by the rail way department of Victoria ta retain the trade of Riverina, and they have recently issued a sh :-et which offers to carry all goods which arc cet :ified as intended to be sent into New South yales beyond a certain imaginary line at greatly reduced rates. The New South Wales department could of course do the same, but is enabled to meet this attempt by a less costly method, one iii fact which will not in any way injure the revenue. They have hit on the course defeasible, on the ground of in creased cost throuj i having to forward extra trucks to Albury—of doubling the charge o>i all goods sent under clas ses 1, 2, and 3 from Albury to all stations as f< ir as Junee. Of course if empties have to be sent to Albury to bring Alelbourne goods to $ew South Wales territory, the cost of sending them may fairly be chanred to those carrying on hut trade. The conclusion mny safely be draw n that our Government will be able to carry on the- conflict longer by inthan the Victorians will crea-ing their rates by reducing thein. He heard a shriek, and he rushed upstairs only to find his wi p in a swoon. "What's the matter, Gec\ i?" he asked, when- she had revived. • " Oh ! I saw a mouse!" she screamed. " Ah, I race up, and have some style about you," hd ejaculated—"be a man !" Just then the rnous i took a tack up his pants leg, and he yelled—" Fire ! murder ' watch V and it took two policemen to get him from under the bed. A REFORMED CEIJIIKAI,.—Too seldom, indeed, do we hear of a criminal who has commenced his career i a very early life ever becoming ft peaceful, law-abiding citizen. Still, 6uch things have been known, and in a few weeks from now a isort of experiment of this nature will be madje in the case of a man who, although comparatively young, has been for more than 15 years in gaol. His history up to now has features of Badness in it. When only 15 years of age, he met at a roadside publichouse. the notorious Thunderbolt, and joined him in what he thought waB a " lark " to stick up the mail-coach. The police came upon them nnawarps, and they had to fight for their lives; and after receiving two bullets in his body, one ot which entered the back and passed out- near the pit of the stomach, this youth was capjturtd, and after trial sentenced to a long term of imprisonment. Since then he has proved himself the most useful and easily managed prisoner that ever entered I the walls of the gaal. He has learned no less; than four different trades, studied all the 1 scientific books tbat he could lay his hands on,; and has made an attempt at literary composi-j tion. He never cc mplaioa of his punishment,; but sayB he was very young and did not know; what he was .doing, and made such a great' mistake as he will never mabe again. Several gentleman have in crested themselves in him, : and when he comes oat he will be afforded au opportunity of pro ring the really good stuff that is believed to be in him.— ME, FARNEIX AFTER DINNER.—Mr Farnell made what must [for an ex-Minister of the Crown, be considered rather & peculiar speech^ at the banquet in connection with the Kiama show last week, tie said he preferred such occasions as these, when he could countenance the advancement of the country, to going to such festivities as were taking place at Albury and Dubbo. (Heai, hear.) Asa politician, he had been too straight, but as long as any constituency bad sufficient faith in him to elect him, he would see that the Government carried oat proper measures. (Cheers.) He deprecated the practice of going to Government for help, and said those only would receive assistance who "helped themselves." (Applause.) He had been " put on the i helf," and he supposed that until" old Harry '' <>i " old Jack "died(laughter) be would never ha re a chance again. ° The present Government were forced to carry out meaed, but were coming back to ures he had initia the old track aga in. He went in for honest Government, but that could never succeed in New South W'alels. (Hear). They had the greatest chicanery and " Haselmayer " business in the carrying on of Government. (Laughter and cheers.) But the 'Ministers kuew bow to keep such things ai the Kiama railway " looming in the distance." Cheers.) He had not come down to discover " the Kiama ghost—(laughter) —but he strongly idvised the people to demand their railway as a right, when he was confident they would get it iiji two years. (Applause)." As A K experimental prnprilnpnldi shipment of frozen fish has been received iu Sydney from the establishment of the New Soutli Wales Fish Company of Nelson's Bay, Po t Stephens. The fih, which weighed about 500!bs., and consisted of schnapper, saltwater cor , flathead, whiting, bream, and nanniguy, wer ; caught nine days ago. They were placed in rdinary dry boxes, without packing of any nd, and sent via Telligberry Creek to Newcastl e, where they lay on a wharf exposed to the open air for twelve hours, after which they were s lipped on board the Kerabla. Fifty-eight hours elapsed between the time they left Nelson's Bay and their arrival in Sydney, which is about 48 lours longer than it is thought shipments genera ly will require. It was the object of the shippers to make the transit longer than usual iu orde to thoroughly test the proadopted for" preserving fish. cesses they have The Echo says :— The arrival-in good connt of frozen fisb from Port dition of a sbipm Stephens marks the successful establishment of an industry likely to meet a general want. Fish has abounded on o ir coasts, and yet the supplies tu the city have be eh intermittent and comparaand it is therefore satisfac- lively insignificant tory to learn that, n consequence of the action taken by '.he New South Wales Fish Company, the supplies are lii.ely to equal the demand." —lowii and Country Journal. Sydney Echo. 