I jfr love, ,, i gf r. Lt.s'X Liktov, Author or "Patricia KtMBiit," "Tun Atoxuhent or LnvtM Dux- ws ' "tJSwtR YVmon IrfjRP?" tee. ' ; Ob+vteb 1.— -1.x iJia-lfor.Hixor ffwas a foolish , tiling to do ; but' when was jappy youth aught biit foolish? And he was eo happy. I so happy! Ho could not find fitting rent to hi joy, nor adequate expression iff wlricli to inform the world at large »»t. wn? hia divine deliaht. Wak- BOW — . . . up finally -to cons'-iousnesq, in tho dawn that sweet spring morning— fnll of blrosed reitainty. .'and still wore' blessed anticipation— feeing neither rock rior shallow ahead, rind sure that no storm couli come to wreck.. his well freighted bark— young as tho year, bright as the ,fcy hopeful as. tho dsy, he looked out on the fair English landscape of fruitful farm and steeping village, fragrant meadow nnd leafy wood ; and for want of "some one to wliorii he conld say how gooiVaiul' beautiful she wasj-and-how his happi ness seemed to fill earth and sky -with .radiance, he' took "off '-his 'diamond ring— her gift— rind (crawled ovor the pane "of tho railway carriago, c.'Jty Jove, !': My JovO, .' , .. --z : Wiiat a boyish thing, to-jdo! .'. Bat it-relieved bis- mind somehow, and stood as the testimony cif her worth nnd bis passion, like tho verse's hung hi" '/rlrindo on the trees, the name 'carved W-wrydon on tho bark. "My lore! My love!" Ah, wliat a sweet love she wns I Never since the -w-orld- began— never since EVe bent over her sleeping lord to awaken him to life and happiness with a kiss — had there been such a perfect woman as his ! How two and faithful she was I — how loving and how pure!' And how surp his happiness in this coming summer when he was to:l)e mode her hus- hnnd as he was now her betrothed ! . How he lsVeii her I— and how she loved liim ! , ' ' It wis not vanity to say this it was only trust jn her word, confidence inlicr assurarme. " My lore I my love I" Mlmt man on all the earth Jiuii such a love-as he, Civil Ponsonby,' in Stella Brauscombo 1— the svVectcst name and the sweetest girl to be found within the' four seas. No king on his tlirorio was to proud is thie embryo civil sorvnnt who had passe'lt his examination creditably, and was now waiting for Ids- Indian appointment ; -no miser counting his golden gains in . Ids sccrot chamber wasso.ricfi ns thil'only son of a ruined house, tiiis yonug spldior qf fortuno whoso inherited in come was just one hundred and fifty pounds a . par, with potentialities of a noblu. sort ' in His youth, liis strength and his brains— bnt for all tliat, potentialities as yet substantially in the bud if not in the clouds. He, whose future was all tn inakh, would not, have changed places with the most sifoissf ul man alive ; and tlio'grandestgloiy ei the Historic past faded before tho glowing splendor- pf his present. He felt in himself something thai' was almost beyond tho ordinary draunstnneo of a mim — as if neither death nor evil fortune could touch him— as. if ho had con quered fate, distanced sorrow, and now stood with the gods on the sublituo boiglits of infinite Uiss— all Wau'so he loved sweet Stella Brans- combo and sho loved him. ' "My love ! mylovo ! God bless hor 1 and God make 'me worthy of her!" be said to himself, while Ids frank blue- eyes grew dark and-temler mid liis, handsomb face was touched with some thing more than even the deep lovo of a lmppy boy. And with this: prayer, which seemed to carry both his- I0V0 rind his joy to heaven, tboro to he strengthened, arid purified, tho train ground slowly' up, to, Highwood , station and Cyril leaped lightly out. It was past five o'clock ; about four hours to wait be, fore a visit, to Rose-hill, where tho Branscombcs livod, wns possible even for an engaged man to make. But to ono impatient and - in lovo it is hotter to travel all night and wait then four hours on the -right side of the line, than u> go to bed like an ordinary mortal , arid crime down by Ihe ordinary mail— better a thousand times to lose a night's rest and uudcrgo unnecessary latiguc than to'forcgo three hours of Ipro and gditfuix of repose. ' Long before the bouse servants of Rose-bill hffd hogun to stir, Cyril arid the gardener woro having un improving talk as to the prospects of the fruit crop and tho general behavior of the vegetables. Bruce, the big watchdog, loosed for his -liiorning run, was licking hia, hands and trying hard to take in his lace as well. Jitu, the Jroorn, ' was telling him all about tho pony and her foal, tho new cob and the mure, and how lie did not quite like the let of his cars or the way in which she carried her head ; but when tho first clatter of opening tho shutters began nt the house, the young fellow, half ashamed of his impatience, went off to the lummcr-house at the end of the liiuc-tree walk, whence he could see tlio upper windows, ami where lie should hear the gong sonnd for break- bit. And then, sure' of hia welcome, he wonldbo free to walk in on the family just as they had rented themselves at the table. Besides its con- lenience of position, this little suinihcr-liouse was a snored place to him ; for it was here tlmt ho , had told Steila he loved her and asked her to bo j his wife, and it was bore that slie had said sho bred him, and would marry him if papa and ciaraniatapproved. How long it -.vis before he heard 'the blessed boom of that old bit of Chinese handicraft ; i Barely time never went so slowly as ho was going tow. Leaden- footed, do you say !paralysed and with no more feet than a snail— tliat was what hesecined to Cyril, counting tho minutes as.they ; dropped heavily into the great sea of -tlernity ind making them all the slower by his own eager Le.it. At last the appointed moment came. Mr. and ; Mrs. Branscymbtrirere in tho dining-room; Stella imsrjuinTrig down the stairs ; Ihe omeletto and ; the kidneys, the tea and the coffee, the toast and ' 'le marmalade, were fitly disposed in proper ; form on the cloth-.; the solemn -butler sounded the gong and told t he neighborhood with in ear- iliot that. Mr. anil Mrs. Brauseoinho were served. And then Cyril started up from his seat in the j tuuiiuer- hoiistt'trad walked swiftly up the lime- tree avenue, timing his entrance just as-tho first fiipof coffee was handed to Mr. Branseomhe, and the business of ihe day hud begun. The young fellow was evidently a favorite in the family, and one to whom a special length of rope was allowed. Not only was Stella radiant with glad surprise at bis coming so long before he was expected, not only was gentle Mrs. Brans- cornbo as frank and affectionate in her weleomo as if ho had been the son he. already caRed himself, hut Mr. Branscombc, whoso humor was tho true weather-gauge at liusc-iiill, smiled as compla cently as the rest, aud did not look displeased at Ibis Interruption to his breakfast. Wherefore tho butler, wlio as a rule resented derangements aud surprises as in some senae personal affronts, hut who followed his master's line to a hair,. tei'led too as ho ushered in Mr. Ponsonby arid canned each face of 'the family while seeming to ; ik and notice nothing. SR down, boy, sit down! What will yoa >ake? Smith, a plato for Mr. Ponsonby," said Mr. Branseomhe, as he gave Cyril two long, white rented fingers, his manner deprecating unncces- i wry fuss. On tho hint of that manner both Mrs. Brans- combo and Stella acted ; each doing her best to ; look and speak as if ii were the most natural thing m the world that Cyril should walk in from Lon- : oon to breakfast when he was not expected before twelve at the earliest ; and as if a girl's lovo and fc mother s sympathy needed no further expres- tion than n man's lialt indifferent welcome and f-'? (.liaii tepid Acquiescence in things as they, ttood.- ' 1 On tliat hint too Cyril acted, with more in- tmctive than conscious perception of its impor- i ,?C1!' Hc satdowij quioly enough at the other Hue of the table, facing Stella ; for the present ; luite content with the joy of looking at her dear, ; 'car face, meeting ther glad sweet eyes, which \- leemcS to say all tlmt lie most desired to hear, j tad listening to tbesoundof her voice, which was site the most melodious music to his ears. How beautiful she was ! He had not seen her . 'or a whole month ; and in that month she had Jained a world of additional loveliness, nnd had . j'; ri a thousand new charms. Her rich brown I "'r had oven more red gold in its ' tint, more Ij w-roand ripple and straying, rebellious 'Jittlo I; tarls and feathery fringes in its lines : her j; blue eyes, .as deeply blue as sapphires, I ""I 13 soft , as summer skies, wero . yet ij Bore beautiful in form, more eloquent in Ij expression ; and' surety that dark fringe of Ii curling lashes was even longer than before, and I ''"do them yet softer and more starry ? Her I -otaplexion, so pure and clear, with that-ereamy I J'-'tecs in the shadows, and that faint flush on k her cheeks which made it so like a sweet wild was almost purer aud clearer than before, as if happiness lirid itiipfoved her health as well as glatldcned lier heart : apd her supido figure looked yet riioro ' graceful ' in the light-brown drees which clothed her liko wax without a suggestion of millinery Artifice. Her voice, that- index of tho nature, was fuller and 'sweeter and' moro musical than , he had ever heard it — with nl- ways that faint echo of, possible Badness in its music which showed that she had it ja her to be n saint, anmrtyror aheroinc, according to thernn of circumstances and the ordering of life. Or, haply, she. might be only a teuder and loving woman, whose pure history and blamolcss bearing would work liko a charm in her' own Immediate world, giving a standard of excellence by which to live and h measure of beriuty that would be like inspiration to tho rest-. And Cyril had no doubt but tiiatthis would be her life. By God's help he ' worild keep, her as she wa?— pure and meek— from now to the day of hor death, ami make her happier than any womau had ever been in this sad world before She was supreme ! No other'girl ii England was cqdril to her, personally or morally, -thought Cyril,' bill ijyci fixed on ber with as. much worship gs love— As mnch'revercnco as passion. But all the some, between whiles he ate his toast and drank, hir coffee .arid made jm. harqic brcajifast af tortlie manner of. healthy, hurigpr,' happy youth, glad to live, and rejoicingin hia bodily well boing arid his lovo alike. - And what a perfect mother for such a daughter Mrs. Branseomhe was ! How sweet' and gentle, how calm und self-restrained 1 She seemed never to think' Of herself— but to live for others— to cafe only to do Uur duty — to make thoso n round lier hgppy— to be just and mcreiful for her'child, self-stierificing in her home, attractive in the- highest sense and in every direction. Her life wan 'the very pdefty of womanly tenderness ; but it was a pity that lier health was so delicate ! She hail- never been a robust woman, ' had al ways been orio of that 'sensitive kindwith whom the steel outwears tlio scabbard. Of late sliehad begUn to look. Btartlingly frail, though she did not complain ; und Mr. "Branseomhe was too inue.h absorbed in his own occupations, while Stella was too young to seo all tlio length of the way Hint she had gone. Besides, daily familiarity with gradual change blinds the eyes which have not been opehe'd'hyferif LV.iiVCyriUrre-pccupied though ho was, war shocked by the increased pallor, tho greater attenuation of that dear mother whoso Jifo was ro inCaiteiy heautifnl anil so in finitely precious. . , Sho made no complaint, however : libe never did ; and when lie anxiously asked lier how she was, and was »hq quite well, she Broiled and an- swored quietly- 1- "Tori, deny,' quite well, thank you. ' A little good. far nothing, at times. But tho spring Has bcciu'tryirig, and I always suffer in the cast winds."'. ... . "I do not. think you 'havo suffered much this year, -Matilda, "'said Mr. Bianscombe, with what in a less lovely man -would have boon a slight amount; of pobVish ; flisplwurttre in his voice. "Y-ouhave had nothing compared to my neu ralgia." "No, dear, indeed I havo not,!' sko Answered with a sympathetic air. "You have been very bad at liin'W,' pobt'darling." "At times? Always!" ho said, almoBt as if she had flung a small nffront'into his fine face. "I give yon triy word, Cyril, I have not had one day this year free from the most atrocious pain. No rarin but myself could have borno what I have' borne and not have lost both heart and patience." " Poor papa !" Raid Stella, full of pity. " My 'poor 'Frederic !" repeated Mrs. Brans- combe, her voice and eyes also full of pity. ."I am very sorry to -hear it, sir," said Cyril, ns his contribution to the litany of condolcneo and compassion, And -yet how well and handsome and per- fcctly-prescired and superbly" got-np altogether this martyr to physical pain and mental depres sion was 1 Sixty last birthday, and no ono would have given him more than thirty-five. How strange that this constant suffering . had told so little on bim " This is tlio kind of thing that tests tho value of A man," snjd Mr. Branseomhe, helping himself to.asecqudptntoful of omelette. "Enin,. sleep lessness, norvous exhaustion, -' complete pros tration, total loss of appetite, and yet the spirit' rising Bunorior to all these miserable lifirmitics of tho flerih— the; blood of the gentle man Asserting itself in trials which would havo made the carthorse-like boor lie down and howl ! ;I have never lost a- day's work through it till, have I, Matilda?" " No," said Mrs. Branscombe, "you have not, dear." , " I have gone on just as if I liad been in rude health," ho continued, "I- have written and painted arid composed without intermission. I have composed two-thirds pf my operatta, and 1 have written four thousand lines of my grand epic with not one single erasure— is there Ma tilda?" " No, dear, not one." said Mrs. Branseomhe. "Not turning buck aud going over the ground again and again, like a stammering child learn ing to spell," he went on to say, tossing his handsome, head, find curling his thin lips in disdain for the poor literary clods who - labored where he enjoyed, plodded whore lto skimmed, corrected, and rewrote, reconsidered, and erased, -whore -he swept the air with one beat of his strong wing, and completed iu a day what 'others would havo taken ten to create, and another " ten to perfect. " All right off, my bey — ru rrenie cairn, w, at ono ilic.li ! That is tlio way to work ! and tbatmukc-sall the diffe rence between mediocre talent andthe higher reach 'of genius— between earth-born industry and the heavenly power of the divine atttat as. -I will read it to you after breakfast, and play you somo of the choioest moreeau.e in my operetta," lie continued with a smile. Kc meant the offer for grace, and he expectc-d it to be taken as he meant. " That wiii be a great treat, I assure you," said Mr.!. Brapscombe, abo smiling as she turned to Oyrii'; " bqt," to hor.husbaud, " suppose, you keep it, dear, till after dinner ? It will he so de lightful then.; and, Cyril may want to bo outer to b® doing something else in tlio morning." "Cyril has- nothing surely di such imporlaneo to do that he cannot hoar my poem and ope retta n said Mr. Branseomhe, testily. " No, sir." I assure you I shrilT be delighted to hear them. Thank you, dear Mrs. Branscoiube, but, of courts,' I skill be' charniod," said Cyril, hastily. - Instinctively ho 'desired to keep well with Stella's father; and Stella's father was de cidedly touchy as to his work and very easily offended by the appearaneo of neglect. Though he loved Sirs. Branscombe . tho better of tho two, he woald havo liad 1:0 iieriTiz.tiou in declining any pficr. that she might havo made, if not eofigonial to bis humor ; but Mi-. Branscombe wns different: and neither Cyril nor anyone else dared to say " No" when ho said " Yes." . In his heart, however, tho lnd wished tho grand ©pic and the best vwrecaux- at the deuce, and his elegant father-in-law with them. He had not seen Stella for a whole month: this was his first visit after his engage ment, and that auccessfnl examination on which tlio' material, security of liis- love rested. Ho liad travelled all night and had been mooning about the' place for hours at the risk of making himself ridiculous to the men, simply to -get throe hours' extra happiness thrown in-: and now it was coolly proposed that, ho should take the -cream of the morning, and devote heaven knows how much time to listen: ing to an. epic written without corrections — hundreds of lines at a sitting— and to the airs of an operetta dashed off without forethought and only .by the grace of inspiration 1 Fate, however, was. kind anil 'Bpared him,- After breakfast, tho divine afflatus ' came on Mr. Branscombe with sucli power that he was forced to defer his recitations until the evening, a Lis wife had suggested. He must seize the inspired . moment, ha said, before the spiritual fire had burned down to the slag of everyday common-place. . It would be a , Bin to . the world— to the present and future alike— were he to let humanity lose what he had it in his power to bestoiv. Utter ances sricli as his were not too frequent ; and they were too valuable to l/o neglected. - And to this Cyril naturally, said "Yes," too, with more .simplicRy of sincerity ; and then the two lovers wandered away together, while Mrs. Branscumbo went to her daily office of transcribing in a clear hand her husband's entangled hieroglyphics ;— till forced to leave her work and take refuge in her own room, where only her own maid knew the fatal secret of her lite. And now Oyril's turn had really come, and he was alone nnd undisturbed in the heaven oi his Iove/.He improved the occasion, and took advan- tage'of hisTrcedotn to tell Stella for the hundredth tirpe how beautiful she was and hour intensely ho Adqred her, how divinely happy life was to him at -this moment, and Low bethought her ronde.ocn- sion in loving him at all — he bo far licucatli her as he was in goodness aud greatness of all kin'hn — the most'w underfill thing in tho whole matter ! Ho said a grcAt deal more ; hut this was the tlicnio round which all tile rest was merelya KugJcs3ion of varionsly-phrasod envelopes meaning ever the- same thing under different verbal dresses.. He loved her ; she was something better, than humanity ; and hia gratitudo equalled his glory in his lovo. Ah ! how sweet it was to say all this out on the lawn beneath that grand old. spreading eednr ! There they sat with instinctive modesty full in Yiow of the house, but as much alone as if they had been indeed those primal two in Eden, taking with tremulous feet the first delicate and delirious steps along the enchanted ' pathway of love— that en chanted pathway which their posterity have trodden in the same way ever since. Tlio birds were singing inthebushesj full-throated, rich, bo- seeching— bero the chant of the conqueror, there tlie song of the wooer ; tho flowers wore blooming in the garden, and lieos and butterflies; nnd flies with gandy wings, "laden with light and color,' rifled tho cups. and poised above tho.petnls ; from every leaf and blade of grass— from every tender twig flushed with sap, like blood that .blushes— frqmc.very opening bud-stiil sheathed like dream ing youth in its soft sweet ease of innocence— frmn the moss about tho tree roots . and from the resinous bark about "the stems, poured out the subtle scents of spring— caffihg up the vague hopes, the unspoken desires, the tender, dumb, sclf-unrcfealed wishes of youth and the unful filled. The blue sky flecked with cloudlets which but gave uildcd beauty to its serenity, presaging no disaster, shone through tho black boughs of the great tree beneath which the lovers sat ; and the waterfnll at tho hack of tlio hou?o added its end less music to tho great diapar-'on of nature, which tilled 1)10 air with the large glad symphony of life. 'It was in the spring tunc of the year and the spring time of their lovb. The day was yet the morning and they wero in the morning of their lives.1 No sorrow had touched thcin, no clouds loomed dark and threatening in their sky. Sunshine and music, perfume and lovri, were about tlicm like a golden haze seen through which everything was transferred to supernatural beauty, where was not one sordid spot for pain to strike or sorrow to root. It was the heaven on earth ofjliopootand thodrcamer — that heavenwbiuh wo all enter when we lovo and are beloved, when wo trust nud are assured. It was the glad dawning of thut- future day when they should live in mi-' ending glory, ted on heavenly manna and free from the pains and penalties which beset ordi nary humanity— it was- the .rosy-fingered dawn, heralding the great God of life nnd joy ! All this they frit as they sat beneath tho hori zontal branches of the great Hack spreading cedar tree, while they spoke of their love nnd dis cussed their future ; lie counting tlio days, and going into arithmetic of tho hours which lay bo- tween now and that blessed £!ith August, when they were to bo married ; sho smiling when ho laughed, glad when lie exulted, hopeful because ho was confident — always tho woman's faithful following 011 the man's advancing feet — her ten der echo to his foregoing word. How delightful it wns to have him there ! How happy Bhe was, and how delicotis it was to be able to say . to liim that she was so happy ; and to answer "Y'cs, I do," when he asked her at least twenty times that morning : " Did s|io lovo hira ? " Mas alio BUre ?— quite as much as ho loved her? But 110 ! That wa? impossible ! No ono who ever lived on the face of tills earth' — no one, 110 one ever did or could lovo as much as he Cyril Ponsonby, lovcil her,. Stella Branscombe 1 It wariira'possible. Hinrian nature 'could ' not go beyond itself. And lie believed what he said ; and sho be lieved it because ho said it. Just tlion they heard the sound of ahord, dry, rasping cough. It was Mrs. Branscombe, in her own room, with Jane Durnsford, lier maid. "Poor mamma !" said Stella. " Sho has stteh a bad cough ! Ithos clung to her all the winter and will not go." " She is looking very pole and thin. I do not think she win bo well," said Cyril. "Sho sriys she is," Stella answered a little anxiously. " SI10 never confesses to more than feeling rather languid." "Slie is so unselfish !" said Cyril. "As un selfish as you, Stella— my own beautiful Stella, my star,, my love i " And with this they wandered off again on that enchanted pathway traversing Eden.; iund even Stella forgot that her mother had. a cough and looked pale and white, while listening. to the rhapsodies of her lover. Chapter II.— Tire Little itirr. The first thing that would strike anyone ad mitted 'into the Branscombe household was its air of exquisite refinement; nnd jioetic serenity ; the next tvould be . the consciousness of some want soinowhore — a very vague and indefinite kind of consciousness, and a want nut to bo found like cobwebs for tho looking, Lut there all the sauie ; — something iu the atiaospriicie. that would jar en the more sensitive ; and yet- the most observant could not. say what it was nor. whero it luy. Cyril, too young and sirong and far too much in love to be either sensitive or observant outside that love, had never troubled himself about things which be could neither touch nor demon strate : and vague consciousness wits a state of mind by no moans nutural to him. Ho saw all things with healthy positiveness, or lie did not see them at all ; and ho had a? little to do with shadowy suspicions as with ghosts. To his way of thinking Mr. Branscombe was all tlmt an Eng lish gentleman of more mind than muscle, and of poetic feeling in excess of praetiiality, ought to be : -and Mrs. Branscombe was tlio very ideal of a perfect wife, mother and gentlewoman. Thetwo together wero supremo : and what', Stella was to him we know. That vague sense ot want, tliat fine thread of something not quito real, that faint echo of liollownosa bouc-.vth 'the golden sands which were discovered by others were non-exist ing for him; arid lie accepted tlite appearance of things with boyish good faith, wislhing neither to lift up transforming veils nor Ho - scratch off polished surfaces. . ' And, indeed, by the look of tilings.. what a per fect household it was; and. how invidioDR as well as needless it was'to imagine" flaws where nono were visible, and that tho circle was not true when no one could fiud the exact point where tho line ran flat ! ' Moreover, with whom did the fault lie ?— if indeed fault there were nt all, which Cyril would lmvo passionately denied had lie been questioned. , Most, certainly not with Mrs. Branseomhe, all bnt perilcctassbe was. With Stella? Ask if the moon gives darkness instead of light : if the sun breeds (fog and mias matic vapors? No, certainly not with Stella; and if not with these two, then undnnbdedly not with Mr. Branseomhe. Tie kind of man of whom the womesi-of his family Are at once so protld and so much afraid ; to whom they give up tbeir lives and think them selves happy as well ns honored in the sacr ifice; whoso will is a divine command und tafiose opinions on all matters carry with them the authority of righteousness and tho weight of per fected knowledgo"; to serve whom is to carry incense to the altar, and to fail whom is to be guilty of irreligion. Mr. Branseomhe was the high priest of his household— a kind -of domestic Apollo, representing the last, word of refinement, and tho supreme result of culture. He was 'emi- nently a Superior Person, who had to fce pelted and taken caro of; flattered, caressed, given way to and surronnded by tho udnlaiSou of love at. once, submissire nnd protecting- He was never to be crossed in hi3 moods,- nor iiateSTupled, nor told unpleasant news, nor consuked 'in cases of difficulty, nor made free of any form, of trnth which wonld he likely to jar on a nature so finely organised, and so fall of oxijuAsl'to sus ceptibilities a3 his. Ho was to he obey ed at a hint ; his deires wero to ho divined and fidfilled without tho trouble of interpretation ; ai id bis comfort was to be attended to Without hifijh or worry- -And then he was to bo allowed to ' think that he drove the whole team nnd was eminently master in his own house. And when, at: he often did, he complained of the distresting amount that lie had to do, and tho weight of, re sponsibility laid on his shonlders, liis wife 1 lid not laugh nor did his daughter remonstrate in favor of the mother, who pnllcd the laboring oi r while lie flourished the flag— the one-accepting to r lovo and deliberate decision wlmt the other re: cetved in faith. ' Mr. Branscombe was still an exceedingly hand- soirie man, as he had ever been. When bo was in the Guards, and before he married, he was known: as Handsome l'red Branseomhe by liix-xriends, ii' Finery Fred bj( his enemies ; and the coiisriocs airaand little affectations .of A beamty-mau atiH. ' cling to him. He spent a good deal .of liis time in deviling becoming stmlio drc«-C3 for him-elf. chiefly of velvet, wiUi appropriate collar?, bunds and "birctto liis still luxuriant locks were innrvelloiiaiy black, And his elegant moust-iche and beard — cut Vandyke fashion — hud defied the silver fingers of time with as much extraordinary pertinacity as liod liis enriing raven tresses. His hands were long, i—oriz, white and well pre served ; nnd his rather rodcnt-liko tectli, as well as his waist nnd feet, wero marvels of care and get-up. Resides his bounty which he still cherished, in? toilette to which he sacrificed, his rcputatiou n-s a lady-killer which he never l'orgot, Jie wa?, as he had always been, a kind of dandy in art — playing a little on the piano and on the flute, painting a littlo in oil?, writing poetry in ladies albums and for drawiugroom cntevtaimnenls, and the like. Rather Into in life— namely at forty years of ago— he had married 'sweet-faced Ma tilda Jerninghaoi — "that goad Matilda-'" a? he used to call her, with .a certain lofty compassion for her intellectual inferiority, which in cant ac knowledgment of. his own superiority as well as of liis magnanimity in overlooking her deficien cies for the Rake of hor excellences. And soon after hia marriage ho loft tho army, and took up lii.s abode at Rose-hill, near Highwood. Here lie turned to art, as ho called his play, ahil founded his title to distinction 011 his dandyism of pursuit aa well as of person, He liuderlook so many tilings, a? if lie had been the Admirable Cricliton himself. Without more than the merest smat tering of musical .knowledge, ignoraut of tbo first principles of thorough bass and the law of harmony, lie composed rondos and sonatas, motifs and nocturnes — and of iato ho had begun nu opera, score and libretto both, which lie called liis magrum. opus. Ho did not know an Alexandrian from a hexameter, nor an anapa-st from a trochee, but he dashed off odes nnd soualas by the dozen ; and lately he had plunged into aa epic with an airy grace which poets of long practice in the art of rhyme nud rhythm might have envied. And though he could not draw a round thing to look solid, nor an upright thing in stable equilibrium, lie painted pictures of all genres, and attacked a portrait as confidently as a landscape, a cattlo piece, the heroic imaginativeness of high art or tho accu rate delineations of still life. His pictures were magnificently framed, and lrang in the various dwcllingrooma according to wliat lie called the harmony of associated ideas. They made pro fessional artists turn hot und cold by terns when invited to discuss them 011 their merits, while even the technically ignorant, who had eyes aud 110 knowledge, laughed in their sleeves at tbo anatomy of the living things and the drawing of the innnimat'e. ' All the same bis wife praised and encouraged Iiitu ; and no one knew whether slia believed in liim sincerelj' or only flattered liim bccauso of the sweet poliey of love. And naturally Stella fol lowed her mother's lead. Born and educated in tho worship of ber father as a Superior Being, aliowcnton worshipping liim, believing in him now just a? she used when a child, and holding liim as sho had been taught to hold him, ns the ono supremo man of nil creation, tlio -neplns irtfivr of English gentlehood and cultured civili sation. He was to her the impersonation of Mattlisw Arnold's " sweetness and light :" and when alio -thought of tho illustrious dead each sccincd to lier in some sort a phase of ">h."tT papa" — that microcosmic and rootiEiionie.il genius who contained all within himself and 1 wliated on all side?, whore others .'/biro: only on one. He, on his part, received all this loving adula tion as a king might -receive the tribute oi liis vassal?. Their worship of tho highest in him honored these women who paid it even more than il honored liim to whom it was paid. It was the recognition of .superiority, ho said : anil their power of recognition proved their own worth. Tho clod does not worship tho glow- worn;, but man adores the sun. It was liis due and their duty ; and tlio two principles woro as harmonious as a musical eliord. He was fond of both wife und daughter, and rested on them far more than the latter suspected or the former know. That good Matilda of his was everything to Mm ; oyes and hands und feet and brains ; mother, wife tend lover, audienco ondtapplsiise, all in one. Shu followed liis humors, bent herself to his shape, interpreted his wishes "Arid guided whilo she oboyed. Bbe guided him from every unpleasant accident of domestic life, yet gave into liis fancy of Ijolding himself as the pivot round which tho whoio tiling revolved. She loved him, or rather she had loved liirn when slie lmd mar ried liim .: full of enthusiasm for his genius, of admiration for his beauty, of gratitude for his love, of a girl's romantic belief in his infinite superiority. Whether she woke from her dream and found something iu tlio weary life of re ality which she had not suspected in tho bloom of love, or whether she went 011 in her happy blindness, she never told. All that- the world, .Stella, and ' her handsome liiuband himself saw, was a devotion that hn'l no limits, an ex pressed admiration that wa3 without stint, and a supply of self-effacement that made some women angry, others jealous, and a few con temptuous other slavishness. They had been married for two yeara before tlio birth of tbeir child came ns an interruption — or addition — to their happiness. 11 was an even chance which it . would be. Happily it was the latter. Sir. Branscombe was rejoieed to be a father. It completed the circle, ho said, and lie talked hazily about Plato's triangle and ihe di vinity of childhood. Ilgave liim occasion for a picture of the hou?o!iold star — the baby in its nightgown — fur a canzonet and a birthday ode, a lullaby .and a noct urne, anil he glorified himself in that pink little bundle, sacking its list in Ihe cradle up stairs as if he wera Jove and this the infant Minerva, or as i: ho were the first man to w hom had been bom a child. He gave the name — Stella. Sho was tho Star of tlio House, and tho word went well in poetry. Ho had hesitated long between May and Iris— tho ouo for her month, the other meaning a messenger from Heaven ; liehad tried Violet and Rose, Daisy and Eglantine ; ho had thought of Mary for sweet ness, of Margaret for dignity ; and he lmd gono through all tlio heroines of fiction and history. But nonoicompost-il so well as Stella ; aud tho Star, therefore she remained. Ho eould scarcely havo found a name' more ap propriate. As time went on and her character developed, the girl proved more and more her right to ho named as something bright and pure and high and heavenly. She had not a fault ; or if any at all it wns that sho .had none. She was almost too good, too ealf- sacrificing, too high-minded. She wanted the relicvingshadows of a silly weakness hero, a wilful naughtiness there. She was just a little angel, said all her nurses aud all her teachers ; and gave 110 trouble to any one. Yet sbo wns not sickly. .She had sound nerves, a full chest, » healthy appetite ; sho could l'ido well, piny lawn tennis to perfec tion, and row as if she had been born with an oar in each hand. .She wor without uiorbid fancies or unwholesome superstitious, and was just a loving, devoted, conscientious and unsel fish little girl, with the possibilities in her of martyrdom should the occasion occur. .She would have loved her heathen lover better than her life, but she would have preferred to bis lovo with apostasy, death and bearing faithful wituess to the truth. .She was a girl whom the most im passioned man could havo loved wholly, without understanding more than her sweetness, seeing more than her beauty : and she was one whom a sago would have honored and a priest woald havo deci'icuted, whom mothers envied and whom chil dren trusted. Such as sho was, she was Cyril Ponsonby s adored : and he was never weary of congratulat ing himself on his supreme good fortune, rior quite able to understand -why sbo would have- honored him — she who might have married a duko had sho lilted— arid he, who was compara tively a mere nobody, with ouly ono hundred and fifty pounds a year of private fortuno and nothing more certain than brain?, energy, youth and the future for the rest, Though by no moan3 a brilliant marriage in a worldly sense, this union of their only daughter' with young Cyril Ponsonby liad mot with no op position from the parents. It was suitable in point of age and birth : nud they conld afford a dowry which would ensure the barring out of that eruoi wolf whoso black innzzlo so often thrusts itsolf within the liouso when the doorlins but slender golden fastenings. The lad ivo3 well- built, healthy, generous, strong ; aud handsome in a "fine rnanly wny— more suggestive of field sports than lady-killing. They loved each other ; and what more was wanted than wliat they had ? Ho was not rich, certainly, hut his family was "ood and liis name was- witiiout stain : and with 5iis prospects and her dowry there was 110 canso for fear. It would bo a sorrow to part with Stella, of course ; hilt then girls are made to be married and taken out of the home : and they hud always each other. , , „ " While you live, my good Matilda, I shall never want a companion," said Mr. Brans combe, when the thing was talked of between thcin. , " No ; wliilo I live you will always have somo one to attend on you and take care of yoa," she answered tenderly. But. nothing was said of ber, the mother, nor Vbero she was to look ior consolation. Inker lore and ber dnlies, of course, Mr. Branscombe would bave said, had be been askcil, What was the final cause 01 that good Matilda's existence bntA to give, without' a question 0: receiving? Whafi- is the glory of women but to love, to bless £od tv d)estow? Had he not said so in that 'sou- net which lio lia-l addressed ta " Ml .Wife: I hot sonnet wherein he had compared her to C'erc3 ; to Jiuio;'to Saint Barbara wilb all tbo littlo children gathered round ber fcol oeunatli her cloak ; to the moth, which la>3 its eggs and dies,; to the grass that feeds the lamb3 ; to tbo oak, which man 'immortalises in a teuipto a mansion, a ship ; to the coal which is burned ior the beftciit of a hero or a poet ? That good Ma tilda was bora to set forth the. beauty of selt- effucement and tho holiness of seli-sacrificc : and he was not tlio one to interfere witu natural arrangements and throw the machinery of Provi dence out of gear by ministering to that which had been predestined to minister to bim. And she, wliRteversbe might fcol, raid nothing by way of regret, not even to St Mia licrseU ; but rather did Iter best to hasten on tho .marriage as touch as it was seemly to do : alio and taifcbful Janes Durnsford, ber maid, alono knowing why. Fo there tho whole tiling ".tool, 1111 velvet, as sportta" men sav. - There was not a liitch, not a cr. 3, not a cloud ; nnd the lute of life arid lovo gave forth' its fullest and most melodious music. 1 1 was now May, anil in August the two were to l.e marrieJ. Threo months which love van into dajcxas they paused, and longing lengthened into years as they were. looked, at— lhreo months ot blissful anticipation of joyous realities — and then tho. fulfilment of their dourest dreams.. .- . . Meanwhile, the young lovers sat op. tbo lawn beneath the spreading cedar tree, whilo Mrs. Branscombe and lier maid discussed the secret that was between thorn. And Mr. Branscombe, in liis study below, dashed off at whiti heat verses which would not stem, rhymes which did not tit. and thoughts which were so much intel lectual chaff witbouta grain of wheat to give rus- teuonco or pport. But I10 was satisfied . with liis work, dear man ! — and presently, getting im patient at her absence, he called that good Matilda to listen to what ho liad done, and .be, eo often before, bis audience and liis ap- planse. . And when dinner was over, and the ramily had tmsciubied ill the" drawingrooiu, then the famous epic was produced and read to tho author's run- ning commentary, of interpolation— li:s designa tion of tho fina imagc here, the sonorous iuusie there : the cadence of this line, the ingenious rhymo of that. Then bhek-browed nlybt arose, Willi hor volt of stars ami knows. "That's fine, Matilda, is it not? Yuu.sr-c the imago, Cyril ? The stare spangling her veil, her veii the snow-lopped mountains. Perhaps it will not bear the coarso touch of prose, '.said -Mr. Branscombe with a littlo hesitation; "but in poetry, which !b so much more vagne and sug gestive, it comas grandly." " Yes, dear," said Mrs. Branscombe. "I tbink it lovely, papa," said Stella, whoso faculty did not lio in criticism. _ " Jt is a very fine image, sir," said Cyril, who had not heard very clearly. And when Mr. Branseomhe had thus. gathered in his little harvest, lie smiled, raised the deli cate white hand that had been dropping grace fully from the wrist over the arm of lii3 chair, ran bis lingers through his curled and scented hair, smoothed willi tlio tips of his fingera his irreproachable shirt front, and then went 011 with his readings? before. « .Suddenly Mrs. Branscombe gave a deep sigh, and turned deadly pale. A shudder, ran over lier ; her . hands dropped nervelessly in her lap; lier oyes closed ; her breath came in abort gasps; and sbo fell backward in her. chair in a strange and sudden faint. There was tumult and confusion, tears, distress and terror ; but. when Jane Durnsford ctiuic on the summons, nhosuemed strangely collected, and as if she hadgone through the whole thing be fore. She knew exactly what to do, and she did' it ; and whoa Mr. Branscombe, whose, helpless distress was almost as pitiable as his wife's con dition, said half peevishly ; "Have you ever peon your mistress liko this before, Durnsford ?" sho aiiewored with a sudden flasb iii her. eyes will h no one could exactly read, " Yo?, sir, many time?. 1 1 has only beon a wonder to mc that no one i.-at mygelf know." ' . "Send for tho doctor at once!— ?end for Dr. Quigley, instantly I" cried ?.tr. Branscoralie, in extreme agition. "Do you mean to say, Durns-, ford, that your mistress is ohronicajy out of health, niul I not know it? Where are these men ? Send for Quiglyy I Cyril, my boy, do you go for liim I Heavens! that 1 should havo been deceived to this frightful extent !" " It is of no use sending for Df. Quigley, sir," paid Jane Durnsford. "1 know what todo as well ns lie can tell mc, Indeed, he did tell me." ' ' "Oh, Durnsford, has mamma consulted Dr. Quigley, and wo never knew !" said Stolln, who was kneeling by lier mother's Bide chafing her hands. " Yes, Miss," answered the maid. " But wliat is it? What is it?" repeated Mr. Branscombe. . "Heart, sir, sli«'1ia3 wlmt tho doctor calls aneurism of tlio hc.-trl, and may die at nny moment. But she lias not gone this time, poor dear !" added Jane, as a slight sigh stirred the lips of the fainting woman and a tinge of color stole back into the waxen 1'aee. 