? FREEMASONRY DEFINED. (.freemasons' Monthly Magazine.) I have joined the. Masonic fraternity, Air Editor. I am a free'-and accepted son, 3r brother, or whatever it is, of that ancient a id mysterious organization. I have belonged to many secret societies in my time—I have be an Orangeman, and a Son of Tetpperance, anc Fenian, "and,! if I remembers aright, i on Be belonged to a! gang of coiners—but this Masoi ii arrangement, this institution of the compass a id square, distances them all. I have often wo dered what sort of a thing a Mason was— what respects he differed from an ordinary bein g. Again and again have: I pumped persons vphc I thought knew what was what, with a view Df finding out something regarding these que ;r men, but it wan no go. Mum was the word; a id those who could tell wouldn't, and those n i would couldn't; for'further information I was to go and find out. • I had a vague idea of my^ov n that a Mason was a sort of supernatural being, a regular ring-tailed roarer, with horns and hoc fs to match, who could come down the chimne p, or get through the key-hole, and disappear lil e a flash of lightning—a chap that would knoi k blazes out of a fellow with s wink, of his ey and of whom the devil himself was afraid. There is one singular thing connected wil h Masonry of which you are . perhaps not awar :, and that is, a Mason never dies. Occasionally it is given 6ut that a brother has departed this life, and the fraternity is respectfully summonai to do honour to his remains; but it is all a sham, a big swindle, gotten up to throw dust in tlije eyes of the uninitiated. The coffin is stuffed full of bricks, and deposited with due solemnity ill the cemetery, while the brothers and friendp are blubbering their eyes out.over the grave o the dean departed, and the departed is quietl;' enjoying himself in the back room of some hotel preparatory to leaving for parts unknown. It is a fact,. Mr Editor, Masons never die They may change their appearance and move to other spheres, but as for dying, they can't it. It' is supposed that, after they have transacted wickedness enough on this earth, they are transformed into comets and meteors.^ and go wandering through space, kicking up shines and raising the devil generally. And a great many people suppose that the last meteoric display was nothing more nor less than a free fight between some rival lodges that have crossed each other's path—the different (coloured lights betokening the different degreesj they bad acquired in the flesh. Freemasonry is of ancient date, as proved by the fact that during the wet season Noah used to hold meetings in the; corner of the ark. He was obliged to give it Jup, howeve r , owing to the euriosity of Mrs Noah, who, notwithstanding the fact that her husband placed a big pair of lions and a big crocodile at the' door as outside guard, came pretty near .findiog out the secret, andstarting a.female lodge on her own hook. I must tell you the perils and trials I had to undergo to become a Mason. On the evening in question I presented myself at the door of the lodge-room, No. 66,666, signs of the skull and cross-bones. I was conducted to the ante-room, where five or six melancholy chaps in sashes and embroidered napkins were waiting to receive me. " On my entrance they all got up and turned a back somersault, and then quietly resumed their seat. A big fat fellow, who eat in the middle, aud who seemed to be the proprietor, then said, " Sinner from the outward world, advance." I advanced. "Will you give up everything to join us ? " " Not if I know it," said L " There's my/wife and fourteen fine—" (Another party here told me it was a mere matter of form.) The fellows in the towels then groaned, and said, " "Tis well." "Do you swear never to reveal anything you may see or hear this evening, not to your wife ? " I said, " 'Pon my word, I will not," They then examined my teeth and felt my muscles, and made me put out my tongue, and then groaned again. I said, '' If you don't feel well, I have got a little bottle here, that''—. Here the fat man took the bottle from me, and told me to shut up. He then, "in a voice of thunder, said, " Bring forth the goat." Another fellow then came forth to bliudfold me. " No, you don't, Mr Masob," I said; "no trick on travellers, if you please. I don't believe in playing blindman's buff with a goat. I'll ride the devil if you like, but I don't go it blind. Stand back, or I'll knock you iuto smithereens." They were.too much for me, however, and I had to submit to be blindfolded. The goat was then led in, and I could - hear him making an awful racket among the furniture. ' I began to feel that I was urgently wanted at home, but I was in for it, and cduld not help myself. Three or four fellows then seized me, and with a demoniacal laugh pitched me on the animal's back, telling me at the same time to look out for squalls. I have been in a good many scrapes, Mr Editor— I've been in an election fight-, I've been pitched out of a four- storey window, I have gone down in a railroad collision, and up in a. steamboat explosion, bnt this great excursion was ahead of them all. The Confounded thing must be all wings and horns. It bumped me against the tables and the stove and the ceiling, but I hung on like a Trojan. It turned front somersaults, and rolled over till I thought it was all over with me. I was just on the point of giving up when the bandage fell from mine eyes, and the goat bounded through the window with a yell like a Camauche Indian giving up the ghost. I was in a Lodge of Masons. They were dancing a war dance around a skull, and playing leapfrog and turning handsprings, and the big fat fellow of the ante-room was standing on his head in the corner finishing the contents of my little bottle. Order was soon restored, and I was led up toadesk and told to stand at my ease. The chief en- gineer of the establishment then put his thumb to his nose, and stretching his fingers in the shape. of a fan towards me, commanded silence. Tbc rest of the brethren did likewise, and were silent The governor then addressed me:—"Brothel Knobb, you are now one of us. You are now t' member of an institution that has lasted over tei. millions of years. From this, time hence you 1 constitution is sonnd. You are impervious ti i light or heat, or any other atmospheric influence, You are water-proof, fire-proof, and over-prooi. With impunity you may walk through the lak<, or. sit on a red-hot stove; with impunity drin i aquafortis, rye whisky, Waboo bitters, or an f other poisonous substance. You are free froi i rhjeumatism, dyspepsia, whooping-cough, and tt e measles. The sheriffdare«not seize you for deb nor the policeman for misdemeanour. You ai e of us, and you are safe. .Here is tb'e pas i- word; with that and a.big club you can get in o any lodge in Christendom." I then stood the whisky and water, all the way round, and I was ft free and accepted Mason. A NEW PLAGUE.—For the last five years so, the black crickets have been a source Jof trouble to gardeners, and the Chinese vei table-growers particularly, complain of havmg " too muchee clicket." The insects are vdry voracious and make a clean sweep of everything green that comes in their -way. They are to be found in myriads in the neighbourhood of creeks and watercourses, and tley mostly affect bl^ck clayey soils where ihe crevices in the surface afford them eh alt sr. Latterly, we are told that the crickets have increased to the dimensions of a regular plag ie, marching forth in' vast armies ahd destroy ng every blade of grass in their way, as complet sly as do the locusts. Some parts of Monivae ire over-run with them, and the invaders are n aw advancing upon Buckley's Swamp. The o nly effectual means o|T checking or destroying the crickets is to turn out flocks of young turkeys in Ithe neighbourhood of their haunts. ' !he turkeys are very persevering in hunting the insects, and they gobble diem' up by the thousand.— .....THB IBDISCKIMINATE CBOSSING OFPOULTB :.— The T. and . Cl \journal advises all poiil rykeebers to avoid tfie common blander of in iiscrijrnthfeie crossing Whatever breed has 1 een adbptealfbr the general stock should be rigidly adhered tft.. Fresh males should be introduce 1 as soon as possible; after the moulting season is < iver every year. One male for each ten hens will suffice. But tbey| should be selected from fl >cks of jthe same breed told as pure is possible. Il tbe flock is pure-bred *«upply should most certt inly be reared; bntjnot lor use in the same flock. Neighbours working Wth tbe same breed wmld aljtrays be glad tojexchihge males, and thus loth parties would I be serWd. This plan wjuld prevent that in-^feeding Ahich has such a po verful influence injdjetetioratirifethe laying Qualities of hens. No jnales should1»e- allowed to run w|tb tbe flock for! two xeasotat. Males ma i be k^pt -for a longer period ot time for special breeding, but not where the bifeeding ia le t to tbe ordinary floc^. Hamilton Spectator. 