A GHOST AT NOONDAY. (fbom the fall mall gazette,) We have received the following extraodi nary narrative from a correspondent for whose good faith and professional acnteneBS of observation we can vouch. He substan tiates his story with full details of dateB, names, and placeB, which, however, for the sake of the survivors, he does not wish to be published. Without any further preface, we lay his letter before our readers:— As my wife and I were sitting at breakf&Bt; with a guest, whom I will call Mr. A.— then on a visit for the first time to our house and neighbourhood—our maid-Bervantjpassed out of the room on her way to the kitchen. As she closed the door Mr. A. startled me by saying, " I saw a spirit of a man following that woman, who, as he passed, said dis tinctly in my hearing, ' God judgeth not as man judgeth. I was innocent of the murder for which 1 have been hanged. I was there, but 1 did not strike the blow. What is it like?" 1 asked. He replied by describing a young Irishman whom 1 recognised at once aB the husband of my domestic, who a year or two before had been executed on the charge of murder. Mr. A., a complete stranger to the locality, had only met me for the first time two days before, and he was totally ignorant of the crime in which my servant was so deeply interested. For obvious reasons the subject was never alluded to in our household, where the widow was regarded with feelings of sym pathy, which led us to avoid as much as pos sible all reference to her husband's fate. I had previously good reason to doubt whether the evidence against him justified his execu tion. He had died protesting his innocence. His wife and friends were firmly convinced that, although he had been in the fight, it was not by his hand the fatal blow had been dealt. In addition to this, I had good reason to believe that the real murderer was still at large. You can easily imagine my astonish ment when Mr. A. thus suddenly ventured upon forbidden ground, and abruptly de clared that the Bpirit of a man who had Buffered the capital penalty, and whose per sonal appearance exactly coincided with that of the unfortunate Irishman, was actually following the servant about the house pro claiming his innocence in accents which, although inandible to me, my gueBt de clared were perfectly audible to him. I had heard that Mr. A. had been a " seer," hut I was not a little startled at this striking illustration of his peculiar faculty. I remarked that it was very strange, and in formed him that the woman whom he had just seen for the first time with her ghostly companion was really the widowof an executed felon. Some time afterwards he exclaimed : "There he is again, repeating the same words!" Intensely interested by this sudden and apparently supernatural confirmation of my Bnepicions, I determined to put the seer-. ship ot my guest to what I regarded as a ' crucial test. I told Mr. A. that shortly , afterwards I was going into town, and as I ' should be passing the spot where the murder ; was committed perhaps his ghostly visitant ] might indicate the place where the dead man ; lay. Some time afterwards we Btarted for the town. When we left the house Mr. A. re-: marked, " There he is following nB," alluding ■ to the " spirit." When we had proceeded ; part of the way along the road, which was i quite unknown to my friend, I made a detour to make a business call and went along another street, Mr. A. following me. Just as, without a word on my part, we were turning out of the main road, Mr. A. said, " The spirit is standing at the corner. He says we are not going the right way to wards the place where the murder wsb com mitted, ana which he has promised to point out to me." I replied, " Oh, we shall come out in the main road again by-and-bye before we reach the spot." We proceeded on about a quarter of a mile, ana having done my business and struck the main road again— which differed, I may remark, from none of the other roads we bad traversed—Mr. A. Boon after declared, " There is that man jnBt on there, waiting for ns." As we continued our walk, I purposely refrained from uttering a word, or even from thinking, as far as I could, about the murder, so as to prevent any possibility of my companion obtaining any clue. As we were passing through one of the lowest parts of the town Mr. A. suddenly ex claimed " He tells me that it was here the murder was committed. It was just there (pointing to the'place in the road where the murdered man fell). I see the hubbub and con fusion rise up before me as a picture, with the people round. He, however, again tells me that he did not strike the fatal blow. He does not excuse himself from being morally guilty as being mixed np with those who accomplished the death of the man, but strongly maintains that he was not the murderer." I will only add in relation to the last incident that Mr. A. described the exact spot where the murder was committed, and the circumstances in connexion therewith. How can yon account for that? Mr. A. had never been in the town before; be had never lived within aconple of hundred miles of it: he did not know till within a day or two before he arrived that be would ever visit it; he could not by any possibility have known that the poor woman in my employ was the widow of a man who was hanged. He had no conceivable interest in deceiving me, nor was he concerned to prosecute the matter any further. I have in vainattempted to account for his story, nor can I, on any of the popular hypotheses, ex-' plain to my own satisfaction how he saw that' ghost at noonday. That he did see it he as-) sured me, much to my surprise, when no one expected any such revelation; and, whatever he saw, it certainly ledhim to the exact place where the mnrder was committed. 1 