ALE IP SOUTH WALES COURSINQ CLUB. By Electric Telegu.U'h. (from oun own correspondent). llATIIUll.ST. Tllnsd.av. The New South Wales Coursing Club commenced their meeting at Lccbolme to-day. It xv.n a bright morning, and the few miles' drive to Locholme proved very enjoyable. Tlie meet was largely nttended by a distinguished company of horsemen, equestriennes nnd carriage people, and the number of visitors was still larger after lunch. The ground was in excellent coursing order ; and, as the hares were both numerous and strong, the sport was first-class, the card of 27 trials being got through soon after -1 o'clock, Tho hares found so much cover, nnd ran so well, that there were only three kills during the day, most of the game proving regular appliera, and showing n cloan pair of heels to the best dogs at the end. On .Monday night when the draw took place, there was a good deal of wagering on some of the events, and a round 611m changed hands over the defeat of Right Idea by Hopbine for the Bathurst Cup. Tlie judging by Mr. W. Pitt and the slipping by AV. Cunliff were most satisfactory. Tlie following is the run ning : — The Derry, for 17 Dag-puppies, at £5 5s each. The winner £15, J. Weir's Win'l.or licat C. L. nu-I II. E. Lord's Lai Lai. R. L. Tooth's Ted'HugUm lent W. Kite's Kingcraft. W. Kite's Knavo boot W. 11. II.ill's Hopeful. 0\. L. r.ml II. Lord's Lennox Love hoot .1. Carpenter's Cheerful. XV. Lamb's Locomotive boit G. L. unit II. if. Lord's I.onglegs. G. Decoy ns Keith be it Ho.i. G. Tnomton's Ilulgabra. J. XVeir's XVelllugtm boot Hon. J. G. Thornton's llocu. .1. Wi-U's Wnterhto lse.it R. L. Tenth's Telenioclius. W. M'Quadc's Master Laiiereoit roil n bye. The Bathurst Cup, for 10 nil-ages, at 25 guineas. Winner £200 nnd piece of plate value £50. W. R. Hnll's Ilarkaway ran a bye with Daisy. J. XVetr's Hopbine bent E. E. Jnnci' ns Right Idea. XV. 11. RouiiRcvi-ile's Rondvlotln beat XV. M guide's My Loril. ? . Land It. E Lord's Loiex beat XV. It. Hnll's II ut'ly Girl. R. L. Tooth's Terror beat Dr. C. Rellsarlo's II-.-ss Ulackburu. XV. Lamb's ns Lottery beat XV. 1'. J. Lee's Lapidist, K. Isle's Hop Hitters bent G. L. and U. E. Lord's Lctlic. T. G'roudaoo'a Cie-ar beat XV. il, IlounouvcU's Christmas Gift. The Oaks, for 20 bitch puppies, nt 5 guineas. The xvinner £50. XV. Lamb's Locket beat D. Breathour's Mayflower. D. Ureathonr's Soerrt beat J. Carpenter's Chfoe. XV. 11. Itonn-c.-vell's Rosebud boat .1. C. Lowe's Lurlinc. U. A. Lamb's Linnet bent XV. IL Rounsevell's Batnrtl. II. L. Tooth's Thcbaii beat A. L. Parks' Pandora. XX'. IL RonnseveU's Houluttc boat G. L. aud ILL. Lord's Lotlic. XX". ami .1. Lee's Lady's M'li l beat E. C. Cousin's Mistletoe. XX'.aml J. Lee's Latest News beat J. C. Lord's Lubra. W. and J. Lee's Lcanthe beat C. C. Skarratt's Beasprite. In the Derby, Windsor showed Lai Lai the way from the first, nnd xvon decisively. Tcddington led up, and although Kingcraft got in once or twice, the former bad something to spare nt tho finish. Ilojieful raced past Knave, but in a pretty, xvorking course, Mr. Kite's puppy was tlie cleverest. Cheerful scored the opening points from Lennox Love, but getting possession, the blaelf and white had all the best of the rest of the trial, and won the course. Locomotive was the fastest from tlie slips, and did most of the work in a long course with Longlegs. Keith nnd Ruigahra went up to the hare very evenly, nnd some nice exchanges took plncc, but Keith staying tlie longest had xvcll won, xvben puss got home. Wellington xvas too fast and clever for Boon, xvho seemed to run unkindly. A short and unsatisfactory trinl between Waterloo nnd Telcmachus xvas decided in favour of the former, and Master Lanercost then ran a bye. In the Bathurst Cup, Kizzic having been drawn, Hnrkaxx'ny ran a bye with Daisy, which xx'as one of the best trials seen during the day. Hopbine xvas just clear of Right Idea in the run-up, and turning, the pair xvent out of viexv. On re appearing Hopbine had command, and xx-cnt on scoring freely to the end. ltondolctin passed My Lord, anil wrenched strongly. The broxv of the hill intervened, and when tlie dogs xvcrc next seen My Lord had tlie game in hand, but tlie hi' ch one o more getting placed, gave Mr. M'Quade's Representative no further change. Handy Girl showed a rare turn of foot on being let go, nnd passed the rise in command. When next seen Lclex had a long lead, hut, going xvido nt tho turn, Handy Girl came again, and never left her game until it escaped inlocovcrt. The ting was hoisted for Lclex. The dog must iiavo put points together rapidly when puss disappeared from tho spectators. Terror was the quickest, and wrenched ; Bess Black burn did llie same, and the former then gave her tho'go-bye, and some further exchanges took place, Terror winning decisively. Lapidist gained three lengths and wrenched, but after this Lottery only permitted him a few points nt tho finish. Hop Bitters was outpaced by Lctlio ns far as tho fence, xvlien the bitch, in scrambling through, hurt herself, nnd was given the go-bye by ilic dog, who managed to more.than equalise tho scoro against him. Cicsar, from the start, was too much for Christmas Gift, nnd beat her almost pointless. In tho Oaks Locket xvas fastest to the hare, nnd worked it to the fence, in passing which Mnylloxver got a chance and kept posses-ion as far ns the plantation, but failed to rub off what bad been made Against him. Cliioc momentarily got ill front of Secret, who promptly gave him tho go-bye, and lie never after had the ghost of a show with Mr. lincand wrenched. This wns all tho onlookers saw of tho trial, xvhich xvas of tlie shortest. Lovelace xvas beaten hollow by Lancashire Lass in a long gruel ling course. Another hare staiting they ran it to ground in the gamest manner after the first dis tressing spin. Linnet mid ltatilia had u grand set-to, the blue puppy was very fast, but ran terribly xvide nt tho turn, while Linnet turned like a top, nnd nt last left her op ponent a long way in tho fear near tho Mansion. Thebas piloted Random nil tho way, nnd showed fine working qualities. Lollie wont ahead of Rowlcttc, but was beyond view before reaching the hare. Coming ngnin, the blnok and white was in possession, and after some mutual wrenches, Loliie ran xvide at the turn, allowing Houluttc to scoro nnd secure the verdict. A fresh hare started before the dogs, xvtio did all their work over again. Mistletoe was lending six lengths for the opening xvork ; but, bungling at tlie four-railer, Lady's Maid got in, and driving puss smartly, never lufl off till the balance was on her side. Latest News had everything to do in her course with Lubra, nnd Lcanthe easily disposed of Scaspritc. The following draw took place to-night : — Dockaikne Stakes. S. L. Talk's Eosslo »«f>t K. K. Jonra' HeauUful I.iuly, 1>r. UelAftrio's Ban»l Or ftgtt W. Lamb's Bracelet. W. It. Hull's Humlx)l<ll 0. L. ami II. IL Ionl's Lim Lim. W. R. Hairs Handy Girl njst G. L. nnil H. E. Lord's Leo \V. IL ItoniHcvcirs Rupeo npUT. Croudnce's Cn?riti9. W. Lamb's Wyivihnm ng.st Klto'a KDr.lo. \\\\\ Lamb's Ladybird ngnt J. Weir's Wooliahr.i. T. IL jJloomfieM's Uonway ngt Uromluce's UlonwelL A. L. Park' Pretty Girl agnt ILO. CoiulnV Lurifer. WVE Lmgloy's Telennfjno ngit WVIr'a llopjilekcr. J. IL Tonkin's Tiittomll's agst Fletcher's Fugitive. W. and J. G. Lee's Lowiaudcr ngst E. F. Stephen's Queen of the East. W. ii'Quade's Taucred » Bye. 