TER WESLFJAV OJTURCR. SABBATH SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. The anniversary of the Sabbath School in connection with the above church, was cele brated yesterday by special services, botli morning and evening. On both occasions the services were conducted by the recently appointed pastor, the Rev. J. Cowperthwaite. The interior of the church was decorated with floral designs, and school emblems, which liad a very pretty effect. The children attending the school were ranged on the platform facing the congregation, and to assist them in singing, the choir, under the direction of Mr. Matthews, sat with them. At the morning service there was a very large congregation present, when a most in structive-and forcible address was delivered, the rev. gentleman taking for his text the 14th verse of the 18th chapter of St. Matthew, " Even so, it is not the will of your Father in Heaven that one of these little ones should perish." After remarking that the life of Christ presented in many respects a miracu lous fulfilment of prophecy, lie proceeded to dilate 011 the various lessons which were taught by Iiis text, bearing most particu larly on the training of children by the parents, and showing the desirability - " blessings of their early convev,-: j mict he contended, had -oion. Children, child hnr1 " - vue power of choice ; every <•- " - "ne powor of saying " ]STo" to God, -u« thus bo utterly lost. Again, to, he thought that children dying while of tender age were saved, while many parents who evinced the greatest anxiety on such occa sions to secure their salvation by the per formance of baptismal ceremony, were even careless and indifferent about them at a later stage of life. He then leferred in touching tones to the responsibi !bility of parents in respect to their children, and. concluded by exhorting all to do their duty, and they might rest assured they would leave the world better than they found it. In the evening the church was again crowded by a highly respectable and attentive con gregation. Mr. Cowperthwaite on this oc casion chose for his text, the 10th verse of the loth chapter of St. Luke—" Likewise I say unto you there is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that re pent eth. ' The event which gave rise to that remark was the attack made unon the uord Jesus by the Pharisees that he ate and drank with Publicans and sinners, and to show clearly that He was carrying a divine miss;on, the two parables of the lost sheep and the lost piece of silver were given. And to give emphasis to the exhortation the words of the text were applied. The subject • as then discussed in three different aspects ■ îe subjects of the joy; the occasion of the joy ; and the reasons for the joy. In tue hrst the rev. gentleman expressed an opinion that it was not the redeemed in heaven who rejoiced, but the angels—those who had never sinned or fallen from their mgh estate, other notions did not accord with the surrounding facts of the chapter. He then showed that repentance was a divine change wrought in the heart of man by the tioly Ghost ; a change from the love of sin to the loath of it, and not by any act of the sinner. There were many practical lessons Jie thought, to be derived fro in the text, and great encouragement given to Christians to i rii f i ' t'le Saviour ; to be zealous and taithful, to be persevering and earnest in the cause of their Master. To the Sunday I sc'iool teacher it was particularly applicable that they should work on, even though ap pearances were discouraging, and if there was joy in heaven over one, they should ever, re joice where the children . taught by them gave proof that their labors were not in vam. He concluded by earnestly and affec tionately exhorting all to repent and thus I ''y not: only to the angels in heaven, but also_ to the church on earth. At the con elusion of both services collections were i taken up on behalf of the school funds, and the appeal was very liberally responded to. Tins evening the aneiversary will be brought to a conclusion by a Service of Soil"'— u Christie's Old Organ." ° Tub STAllTLING AUGMENTATION .OF CASES of I kidney diseases recently developed, ring out a tocsin of alarm to all who have even slightly suffered with these insidious complaints. °This signal should be heeded, and precautions taken against their attack, by a speedy resort to purely dieretic and tonic remedies. Of these, none are so effective, so safe, so certain so generally reliable, as Udoj.pho Wolfe's Schiedam Ahoiiatic Schnapps. Tenders were opened on Friday för the construction of a railway from St. Arnaud to Donald, a distance of 23} miles. Ten offer, wsre received, the lowest and successful one being thuir of M. M'NViî íim i « £31,143 13s, yd, ' J ' and Co., 