T U EITi'Nir ' IB? VlNDBX.] In addition to the four Grange horses I mentioned in my notes lust weok as having left for Sydney, viz., Lord Clifden, Warhawk, Legerdemain, and CadmuB, thero were the yearlings Sir Oliver, by Epigram, dam Olive ; The Gazer, by Epigram, dam G.melle ; aud Advent, by Epigram, dam Adventuress; all of whioh looked in splendid condition for tho day. I understand their headquarters will be tbe Couch and Hoises, Kandwick, and that they will remain iu charge of the now recog nised Grange trainer, H Walsh, than whom there is not » more painstaking and thoroughly reliable man in the p'ofession. There was a serious mistake in Lord Clifdon's weight for the Melbourne Cup as wired through, for instead of 7 at., as it then appeared, it should have been 7 at. 9 lba., but notwith stauding this heavier impost he stillhas vory much more than an outsidn chance for that event. It is probable that he will be steadily prepared for that great race of the year, and that he will not start either at Hawkesbury or Bandwick. He is built on heavy lines, requir ing time to become thoroughly fit, and any. thing like haste in hia preparation so aa to run creditably in either of the big spring events in Now South Wales would most likely extinguish his chance at Flemington. War hawk will most likely be a starter in the Hawkesbury Handicap, whore with but 7 Bt. 2 lbs. he should be in the first flight, and may just about land it. Legerde main is in both the Hawkesbury Handiaap and Great Metropolitan at feather weights, but whe'her she will carry colours in thesa events, or be kopt for minor races, will, of course, de pend upon her form at the time. Cadmus is not entered for the principal eve ts. Of the youngsters I should say Sir Oliver and Advent will not be pulled out until the Maribyrnong Plate, when, if their prosent form is propor tionately improved upon, they should secure good positions at the finish. This is dooidedly the largest and the strongest string Mr; Bell has yet sent down to Randwick, and, bar accidents, should prove the most successful. Tho southern sporting press is deeply occu pied with analyses, comparative statement**, and commentaries on the weights for the three Great Spring Handicaps, and the general verdict seems to be favourable to them. Not withstanding that the entrances for these events were very lanjo, the lists are m.vde up of a great deal of absolute rubbish, and no matter what weights were allotted them they would not have a ghost of a show of winning, ihe knowing ones do not seem to be able to spot anything particularly well in, and the betting market shows the three year olds, who, by the way, are rather severely handled, to be as good favourites as anything. Books are opened on tho Hawkesbury guineas and the A.J.O. Derby, at prices ranging from 100 to 5. Doubles have been laid at that pr'ce, and in olude the Gem and Monmouth, the two Spin ningdalea', Spiuningdalo and Wheatear, &o.; For the Hawkesbury ? Handicap there is a little business doing at €00 to 26. Hesporian, Warhiwk, Zulu, and Major being backed at thut price. I do not bear of books being' opened ou the A.J.C. Derby 3nd ttfeat Metropolitan, layers preferr ing to wager upon the Hawkeabnry Handicap and the Randwick two miles, 2,000 to 10 being the ruling price. At that quotation the follow ing doubles havo been taken — Hesperian ant Pontiff, Hesperian ana ftrathearn, Zulu and Pontiff, Falmouth and Pontiff, Major and Sweetmeat. The two Zulus and the two Bathursts have been bucked at 1,000 to 10. There is more activity in the V.K.C events. For tho Derby, Monmouth is at 6 to 1, Darebin and Spinnimrdale 8 to 1, and 10 to 1 others. In the Melbourne Cup, 100 to 5 is offered on tho field, at which price Monmouth is firm. Doubles, V. E. O. Derby and Melbourne Cup range from 1,000 to 35 to 1,000 to 2, the favourite choice being Monmouth and Monmouth, Darebin and Darebin, and Spinningdalo and ripinning dale. When tho goods are mixed long prices are obtainable. The withdrawal of Welcome .Tack from tho Derby and Cup is a sad disappointment to his friends, as his ruu ning , when a two-year old, waB so good that his Derby chance waa considered vory rosy. His owners (Messrs. Kobertson nnd Wagnej) in tho manner of his eeratching, aoted very straight forwardly, for as soon as they had a suspicion that tho colt was not doing well they cautioned the public, through the press, not to take liber ties with him ; and as soon tiB possible after tho suspicion became oonfi mod the pen was promptly run through bis name. There is something so exceptionally honourable in this circumstance in theso days of trickery aud fraud aa to be quite refreshing, and it en courages tbe belief that there remain on the Turf some gentlemen in whom the instincts of honesty have not altogether perished. In the list of entrances for the V. E. C. Maiden Hurdles, I notice tho names of Canary and Loth air, from which it would eetm thut these promising horsos from the Grange stud are to be put to tho aticks. There is no reason whatever why they should not prove a success in that line, as both apparently possess tho requisites of a gooo. jumping horse, viz., size, substance, and pace. All that requires to be demonstrated is the possession of pluok arid stamina, and should thoy not be deficient in these qualities, I opine thoy will fully hold thoir own in the best jumping company. : Vory fair entrances were received by the secrotary (Mr. Pountnery) for the Maryborough Turf Club Handicaps, to be deoided at the annual meeting on the 21st and 22nd inBtaut. There are seven in tbe Town Plato, a half dozvn in the Queensland Plite, eleven in the Flying Handicap, and nine in the Turf Club Handicap. Mr. Finnie has entered Sydney, Eclipse, apd Lady .Town, but tbe Grange is not represented. The handicaps are due to-day, which will allow tho handicappor t'» have tha results of the Kookheimptou running before publishing tho weights, which should prove pf much service in their adjustment. Should the handicappor succeed ki bringing the horses nicely together there will be Borne good racing for thete events, for the quality engaged in- — barring tho Grange horscB— the best Queens land can produce; ' The results of the first day's racing at Bock hampton have been wired down, and seom to have given great satisfaction there, for all tho eventB wero won by local horses. ' Finnie started Lady Town in tho Maiden Plate, but she had to bo contont with second place, tn tho Port Ourtia Handicap, he started Sydnoy and Kclipse, . declaring to win with the lutter, but The R'ike proved too much tor both, and landed the stakes amid' muoh cheering, for Mr. Flynn, his owner, jiB deservedly a very pnpular man among northern sportsmen — Sydney being Becond, and Ecligae third. Before these; notes .'Bre^m ,'typo, tjhe second day's doings will havo reached you, arid I shall be very much surprised if Mr. Finnio douB not make up for his defeat in the mile and a half by lauding tho big money. — Week. \ According to tho Figaro, Mr. Lowell, the ropresentativo of tho United States in London, has desired the British Government to feel assure,' that United States oitizins never in Hny way aided and abetted a consp:raoy against 'a foreign and friendly Government, and anyone, committing an extradition crime in tho United Kingdom, would not, by tho plea of Fenian ism, bo allowed to claim tho right of political asylum in the States. So far, well. Mr. Lawell also referred to tho Irish World, and observed that '' in America the worst abusd of the liberty vt the Press would bo endured rathor than iiuy interference thu{ might tend to limit the duo freedom of publication. Hb added that it would bo nutisfuotory to his Gorernmrnt if tho British Government pre vented tho circulation of a newspaper the object of which wan to incito to crime,.' This is not so satisfactory. According to thiB, tho Americans will endure any abuBe of tho liberty of the Press rather than have any interference with that liberty ; but, at tbe same time, they would lilio the British Government to take uuito an opposite coargo, and atop British news papers under certain circumstances. What is sauce for tho American Eugle is not Banco for the British Lion.—' Town Talk.' 