AMUSEMENTS. * T}iBçe_îa hUt little change to record pale respect to amusements.'' At the Theatre Royal is. lost, act' of '"-Madame" Favar£,rhasbeen improved by repetition just prior to the fall of the curtain of sparking chorus which occurs earlier in the opera. The audience was a'- larged me, and encores, were frequent, the jodelrin'tho'thiiä'aet.being re-demanded twice. "Richelieu" was repeated, at the Queen's Theatre last night, and the principal characters, especially the most important one of all, that assumed by Mr. Dewhurst, were acted with spirit and good effect. To-night " Hamlet " will be played, And on Thursday night, when Mr. James Kitts will take a benefit, the bill will consist of " Much Ado about Nothing, ''and a Concert. On Friday night, when Mr, Dewhurst will make his last appearance, " The Merchant of "Venice," with Ittr. Dowhorat as Shylock, and the first act of " As You Like It, with Mr. Lawrence Foley as Charles the Wrestler, will form the programme. On Saturday night Mr. Walter Reynolds will commence a season at the Queen's Theatre, and will produce " Trieoland'Tfuo," a drama written by himself. The Opera House is closed for the present. Mr. D'Arcy Read is still giving his clever ghost _ entertainment at the Victoria Hall, Castlereagh-street,' opposite St. James' schoolroom, and toe performance is so interesting in its weird illusions, and so comical in the situations produced by them, that none when witness it can fail to like it. Little Annie's dance is nightly redemanded. Mr. Maccabe's success at the School of Arts is as pronounced as over, and. though the one programme has been played for nearly four weeks, it still draws very large audiences, and seems likely to do so for some time to come. On Monday evening act a select concert was held in the Temperance-hall, Newtown, by the members of the Princess Beatrice Lodge I.O.G.T., li.W.G.L. of the World. Mr. G. Stevenson presided, and there was a large and respectable audience, who frequently testified their appreciation of his efforts of the ladies and gentlemen (amateurs). Early in the evening the Newtown Brass Band played a number of selections in a highly creditable manner. Songs and duets were rendered by the Misses Williams, Melville, Craik shank, Gnfadale, Adams, and Mrs. Melville, and by Messrs. Hannah, Willey, Wilcox, Beris, Masters, and Daley. Mr. Pierce J. Healy presided at the piano in his usual accomplished manner, and at the close a vote of thanks, on the motion of Mr. F. Gates, was carried by acclamation to the pianist and the ladies and gentlemen amateurs who had taken part in the entertainment. During the evening the chairman, during a short address, spoke of the benefits of total abstinence, and announced that the goss proceeds of the concert would be handed to a member of the Princess Beatrice Lodge who had suffered from a prolonged illness. A star? a of the National Anthem, in which the audience united, brought the entertainment to a close at 10 p.m. We learn by telegram from our Melbourne correspondent that Mr. D. H. Harkins opens at the Theatre Royal on. Saturday for a Shakespearian season of four weeks, after which he calls an engaged, nt in Adelaide. After a tour in the province, Walhalla and Barlow's American Circus has returned to Sydney, and has opened for a season at the Haymarket. On the occasion of their previous visit the merits of the company were favourably commented upon, and during their present visit the springers will, doubtless, receive the patronage they deserve. 