jCdiaintify'-.1 Iat©IMg-eae4-,'- -.V OARRICK.' '-.' ? (From our own Correspondent). Profossor Rico paid his first visit here and liis final one in Tasmania last evening to a flmull but appreciative audienno. ; Thp weather was most unfHvourable. Kain commenced about 3 o'qlook, and continued without : intermissioa until past eight. This oiroumstanoe kept num bers away. The Professor, although unwell, and' hnd travelled from Torquay, went throuirh- his pHrformance, conxisting of mind ruuding, the Davenport trick, inugio, and the ghost neene. It is only neoessary to state that the opinions of. tho press concerning him can he fully endorspil by hispurformanoe here, hia cxpnse of s|iiritunl ism .and the mediumH, whom ho called tho grossust swindlers, w«s very severe, and having made : tho subjeot. years of study, hoing formerly a beliover himself, he challenged the world that all that tho Hiiirits and mediums professed to do ho would iiludge hinmelf . to perform. ? In America and wherever. he hnd vi itud he had exposed the absurdities of th« ny«tein, and would continue to do so. At the conaltision of tho- performance Professor Itico utated lio was very well pleased with his visit to Tasmania, tie had received great kindness wliuievur he ? hud visitud, nud with its lovely climate and mineral rcoources ho believed there waa a bright; future before it. Ho had been requested, by an American newspaper to furnuhv reports of the cohmy, and he had done so, and hu hnd a liirgu , mass of correspondenco ready to .forward by next mail. Hu innut now tako leave of them, and wished them good night anfl farewell.'1 Mrs lliuo nccompmied the-. Professor on the piano, itnd also ming utie song, for which an encore was dem indcd. ? A gentleman (?) roturning from tho Longford5 Show camo rnund hy way of Cariick to i;o to Liiuncoston, and on reading hero it was found' tho log of one of his horses was .bleeding, and a l.irge quantity of blood was left hohind. How,, t.he poor animal ronched ' town' I do nut know,.' but it 1mb required tho doctor since, I fancy. Tho weather is still unsettled, but is very favourable for gtowth. October 18. 