CONFIRMATION. Believing, as we do, that the time of life at which Confirmation is usually administered is often a ' crisis,' or turning-point, in the lives of young people of both sexes, and that the laying on of hands, after I due preparation, is often a very great help to those who can be brought to avail themselves of it, we propose, according as the space at our disposal from month to month will permit, to publish some thoughts on the subier.L which answer in a nlain m.anrif-r snrrtfl objections commonly put forward against the rite of Confirmation, and also give what appear to us to be cogent reasons in favour of continuing it. The form in which the thoughts are expressed will be readily accounted for by the statement that they are extracted from a course of sermons, preached with the view of inducing waverers to declare themselves openly on God's side, and the text selected is, 1 King3 xviii. 21 — 'And Elijah came unto all the people, and said, How long halt ye between two opinions ? If the Lord be God, follow Him ; but, if Baal, then follow him.' When we consider the suffering and persecution the prophets of the Lord had undergone ; when we reflect that all the power and authority ui i/uc iiiuguuiu ui. isiiici was gagiuiocu. iu. liivuui ui. Jja,U/i, ami mitt those who refused to worship him did so at the peril of their lives ; when, moreover, we remember that this state of things had continued for several years, we may wonder that the people had by this time two opinions at all. It might seem only natural that they had quite made up their minds to follow Baal. By so doing they would escape much danger and privation, and would also gain more freedom and license than they could gain in any other way. Yet it is evident that their minds were not made up. When Elijah pressed them to make their choice, 'the people answered him not a word.' This fact evidently showed that, though many of them had lately bowed down to Baal, they felt that the God of Israel was his superior ; and it is very probable that, had it not been for fear of the king and his retinue, they would have at once declared in His favour. As it was, they re served their decision till the coming event should show on which side it was safest to declare themselves. There are some, perhaps, who would call them cowards, and say that at all risks they should have been true to their own convictions. Yet is it not a fact that multitudes at the present time are acting precisely as they did without the same excuse ? They temporised in order to save their lives, but few, if any, of us are likely to be put to such a test. Still, how many there are who pass through life halting between two opinions. They believe in their hearts that ' the Lord, He is the God,' yet they do not boldly and decidedly come forward and confess themselves His followers. They are not avowedly irreligious ; they attend church with more or less regularity ; but their hearts do not seem to draw nearer to God, although their bodies be present in His house. In the most solemn and comforting act of Christian worship they never join. They acknowledge, indeed, that they ought to do so ; but false shame, or disinclination to take any trouble for the sake of consistency, holds them back. While they are thus halting between two opinions, and promising to themselves to make up their minds and take a decided course some day, the years insensibly slip by. Old age, or severe sickness, warns them that their end is near. They feel, perhaps, more deeply than ever, that 'the Lord, He is the God,' and they also see, in many cases, the utter worthlessness of the objects by whose influence they were diverted from following Him. But the pasfc cannot be recalled, and, at best, they leave the world hoping in God's mercy find loving-kindness, though at the same time bitterly lamenting their own inconsistency. There are various seasons in men's lives when a voice sounds in their cars, and forces itself on their attention, saying — ' If the Lord be God, follow Him.' Do not either by your words, or in your secret h'jarfe, adopt one rule of life, and at the same time allow your actions to be determined by another, and an entirely opposite one. Make your choice between the false and the true, and, having made it, keep to it. Such a voice comes to several in every parish and district when the Bishop announces that he will attend at a certain time to administer the rite of Con firmation, and when, consequently, notice is given that classes will be held to assist in the preparation of candidates for that solemn rite. Yet how seldom is it that anything like the numbers that might be expected present themselves at these classes ; and how almost uni I vereally is it the case that the proportion of young men among them I is very small. St. John, in old times, could 6ay — 'I have written 1 unto you, young men, because ye are strong, and the 'Word of God I abideth in you, and ye have overcome the wicked one.' Could he I write thus now } Might he not say of too many young men who ought 1 both to know and to do better — 'Ye are weak, and neglect the Word of I God, and are too indolent or too cowardly to fight against the wicked I one?' When, in accordance with our Saviour's express command, you I were brought to him in infancy, and baptised in the name of the I Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, the officiating minister, holding I you in his arms, said — 'We receive this child into the congregation I of Christ's flock, and do sign him with the sign of the cross, in token | that hereafter he shall not be ashamed to confess the faith of Christ crucified, and manfully to fight under His banner against sin, the world, and the devil ; and to continue Christ's faithful soldier and servant unto his life's end.' Years have since passed by, and for many of you what was then the hereafter has become the present. You have to some extent been instructed in the faith, and you have also had some experience of the temptations of the world, the flesh, and the devil. Thus the time has now come when you are called upon to act in accordance with the token just spoken of. When Elijah called upon the Israelites to make a declaration of the same kind, they hesitated from absolute fear. They would have imperilled their lives by so doing. No such peril awaits any of you. Yet I am convinced that many are kept back from presenting themselves for [ Confirmation by a species of shame with which cowardice is certainly mixed. They are ashamed of the world's opinion of their declared choice, and afraid to face the ridicule, the sneers, or the contempt with which some of their foolish or misguided companions may be likely to meet them. What a power for evil has this same ridicule been frequently found in the world 1 How many have been kept from choosing and walking in the right way because they were afraid or ashamed to expose themselves to it ! Some young people seem to think that it is rather a brave thing to despise and make light of the ordinances of religion, while, after all, it is but short-sighted folly. Such conduct costs them nothing now, and makes no demand on their courage. The real bravery is shown by those who, in spite of ridicule and contempt, are not ashamed to confess Christ openly, and to lead a life of consistent obedience to His wishes and commands. How ever much they may be despised by ignorant, foolish, boastful, or vicious companions or neighbours, all such have the comfort of knowing that the Perfect Man, who, when wearing our nature in this woxld, set in it an example of perfect bravery, ' is not ashamed to call them brethren.' On the other hand, let all who, through shame ct cowardice, hold aloof from Him now, bear in mind that at a time when they would give the world for His friendly recognition, He. will turn away from them. So He said when on earth — ' Whosoever shall be ashamed of Me and of My words in this adulterous and sinful generation, of him also shall the Son of Man be ashamed when He corneth in the glory of His Father with the holy angels.' . ..... (Tote continued). ; : 