PINS. " Cum arana Ä«//A-." TALMAGE, in his " Abominations of M rh;ru j Society,'' thus lifts the curtain :-" Do \ou | tell me it is none of my business what street profanity shall curse my boy's ear .ci hjs w - to school. Think it is-no concern oí Vc J what infamous advertisements, placarded o tr-' the wails, or in the public newspapers, shall smite the vision of your innocent little ones"?" Shall I be nervous about a stagnant pool of water, lest it breed malaria, und be careless win n there are in the very heart of our city housands of houses, devoted to various forms j 'if dissipation, which day and night st am -vicli miasma, and pour out the fiery lava of olli tion, and darken the air with horrors, and ii'l the skies with the smoke of their to mien t, that asceudeth up forever and ever ? If a slaughter-house be opened in the midst of the town, we hasten down to the Mayor to have t ie nuisance abated. But now 1 make com- plaint, not to the Mayor or the Common Council, but to the the masses of the people, who have the power to lift men up to office, and to cast them down, against a hundred thousand slaughter houses in our American cities. In the name of our happy homes, of our refined circles, of our schools, of our churches-in the name of all that is dear and beautiful, and valuable, and holy,-I enter the complaint. If you now sit unconcerned, and leave to prof. ssed philanthropists the work, and care not who are in authority or what laws remain unexecuted, you may live to see the time when you will curse the day in which your children were boru." 1 hat's Tal mageian -not religion-but good morality, and sound philosophy, and which, I trust, your readers will read more o£-from the book itseif. *' No turf is laid, no sexton's spade Chimes in with the mourner's groans ; " No tolling bell proclaims their knell No memory stone is found ;" "Six narrow feet, to t'ie beggar I mete " Yes, six narrow feet, and that is all-man's birthright, i v fact-and who can deny him that small amount of mother earth after a long and varied life-even though ending ia an asylum for the aged ? Christian burial, indeed ! A few planks nailed together and wheeled on a truck by some two or three ancients who are simply getting used to the road they must shortly go themselves, and similarly honoured. Methinks this sort of Christian burial is a long way behind the funeral rites of ancient Paganism ; at any rate, this squalid economy is not necessary. The Institution that sends out its late inmates to a lasting asylum where they'll cost no more, can well afford to make the gulf less wide between the rich and the poor. It doesn't matter in the end, I know, for we'll all be equal then, but for decency sake ; for the feelings of those poor old men and women who once were smiled and fawned upon, maybe, and had loving children to honour them ; and for the credit of an Institution nobly sup- ported and managed-let this oue thing be reformed. Don't let this dismal ditty " Rattle his bones, over the stones, he's only a pauper that nobody owns," be applicable to the Institution we are all proud of. I shan't go into figures to show how much it would cost per head to keep a covered vehicle, a bit of a pall, and the hire of a horse for these sad occasions. This is written in no carping spirit ; intended for no " dig" at any par- ticular person, but with the earnest Lope that it may have the desired effect. The healthiest town in the colony (vide Oddfellows speech)--Richmond-is full oF orettiuess undoubtedly. Pretty viilas, giran d mansions, pretty gardens, neat Government buildings (some of 'em), pretty park, and a very n sat church or two ; in fact there's a general air of prettiness about the town when you can catch it betwixt axe and crown-no, no ; hang it ! I mean dust and mud, it is then very eujoyable. There are, as a matter of course, some dark spots looking extremely uncanny as compared with the excessive new- ness of other structures-one in particular attracts the notice of the observant eye-the more casual observer would never notice it at all, it seems so much the colour of the native dust, and so buried in the umbrageous foliage of its attendant trees. I verily believe one might walk all round Richmond and not find it, it seems so much hidden from the world, notwithstan 'ing its front place, lt is the Wesleyan chapel. How many thousand years longer it will stand I can't say, no more than I can guess how many thousands it has already stood. There are chapels belonging to this body worth looking at-can't this one be made so, or is it too far gone ? Now, here's a gem of a Hand-bill (I don't want to advertise, Mr. Kditor, and shant men- tion names) :-" £8000 Reward missing since the first of October A YOUNG GENTLEMAN, about eighty-two years of age, of very tall complex- ion, blue hair and red eyes. Had on a Macaroni coat, trimmed with saw-dust ; and a German sausage collar, trousers lined with cod liver oil ; Wellington boots laced up behind ; had a barber's pole in one hand, and a wooden carpet bag in the other, containing 6000 pieces of the best tweed which he stole from , . . Was; last seen crossing the Domain with NED KELLY'S ghost, his legs tied up and his head under his arm. It appears he was met by a superannuated body snatcher, who demands the pair of trousers he was carrying made by the world-renowned tailors . and he refuses to give them up. He conse- quently hit him in the stomach with an apple dumpling, causing him to have an attack of the wiffum woffums. An old lady who wit- nessed the above outrage was so horrified that she fell down and struck her head against a feather pillow, causing a wound 4 feet deep, which bled so much that it washed away part of the new Exhibition Building, and drowned GRAND FLANEUR that was not there. Who- ever will give information to his affectionate parents will be kindly rewarded with a Tripe Medal. His father earns his living by carry- ing treacle in a sack, being his only means of subsistence. You cannot mistake the party, as he walks stooping upright, caused through swallowing a piece of tweed standing outside. , . " There, that's enough ; if the fellow who wrote that don't deserve a laurel crown as the prince of advertisers, I don't know who does. I should advise him to write a three decked melo-drama and star the provinces - he'd take immensely. I ASMODEUS. 