THEATRE ROYAL. BANDMANN AS HAMLET, The Bandmann dramatic season was inaugurated last night at the Theatre Royal by the representa- tion of Shakspeare's well known tragedy of Hamlet. It has frequently been remarked that the pit and stalls are the portions of the house that best appreciate the higher order of drama. This may or not be the case, but certain it is that the plays of the greatest dramatist of the world are often produced to a thinly attended dress circle and overflowing audiences in the lower priced portions of the building, and such was the case last evening, a car cumstance which was perhaps accounted for by attractions elsewhere. No other presentation possibly has over popularised itself to such an extent as the unhappy Prince of Denmark. Old playgoers look upon it as a test piece for an aspiring star, and compare one performance of the character with those of the master minds of the stage whom they have been privileged to see, and so as well for these reasons as because of its all but illimitable scope for the display of brilliant portraiture, it has got to be criticised by all classes of the community almost with remarkable closeness. Every sentence of any note in the play is familiar to dramatic patrons, and so every sentence which the leading performers have to speak is expected to tell with unerring effect. This feeling was manifested last night by the audience on many occasions. There were passages in Herr Bandmann's reading of the character of Hamlet which unmistakably met with the fullest favour from the audience ; but again there were others which were received with a coldness which, on each occasion, clearly indicated the conclusion that had been formed in many minds that the rendering was not the correct one. It must not, however, be inferred that Herr Bandmann impersonation last night was coldly received on the contrary, the actor was loudly and frequently applauded, and at the close of each act was passed before the curtain. It cannot be said, however, that Herr Bandmann succeeded in giving a faultless representation. Pol Bossed of a fine appearance and a powerful voice, Herr Band mann has also the additional advantages of long experience and careful study ; but while he unquestionably exhibits the (acuity of delineating the most powerful emotions of the mind, and while he shows a versatility in depicting various phases of passionate feeling, be has yet failed to rightly interpret, or at least to forcibly and faithfully depict, the method mad Danish Prince, into whose mouth Shakespeare has put so many of those wise saws and philosophic moralisings which are quoted and received almost universally as solemn truths. The performance of last night was characterised by a great deal of merit, for in addition to the leading character the other parts were more or less admirably sustained. Of Miss Louise Beaudet Ophelia, it is almost impossible to speak too highly. Miss Beaudet possesses those invaluable accessories to an actress of youth and beauty, but besides these she has power *.-' -75 of expression, a sweet musical voice, and histrionic V talent already of so high an order, and of so pronounced a kind, that it is more than safe to predict for her a brilliant future. Throughout her pour trayal of Ophelia she was all that one expected of that sweet and gentle lady of the dramatist's conception, and she won frequent plaudits from the audience. Mr. J. F. Cathcart sustained the double role of the Ghost and Laertes creditably, and the part of Polonius, which was undertaken by Mr. J. Musgrave, was, perhaps, about as pleasant a bit of acting as one would wish to see. Particularly did Mr. Musgrave excel is that worldly wise counsel which Polonia given to Laertes. As the King and Queen, (Mr Stark and Miss Crawford played evenly, and the other characters were fairly sustained. This evening the Mer' chant of Venice will be represented, with Herr Bandmann, of wine, M Shylock, Mr Mrs Better 