0'4'onnell the. Liberator. A CfiNTElSTARY LIFE. ? MY THE REV. JOHN O'ROURKE, PP.,M.R.r.A. Author of ' Tho History of the Great Irish, Famine of 1847,' &c;, &e.; '.CHAPTER III. O'Oonnell'a Independence of Character found fault with — O'Oonnell and G-rattan — Lord Donoughmore — The Veto — O'Connell's Speeches on ©rattan — Chief Baron Wolfe — The Duel with Mr. D'Esterre— Speech at a Catholic Meeting— Affair of honour with Mr. (afterwards Sir Robert) Peel — The Meeting at, Kilmainham Court-house — George the Fourth's Visit to Ireland. 1814 to 1821. Mb. D. Owen Madden, in his work ' Ire land and its llulers,' says that when O'Con nell entered public life, 'his language was violent, and he quarrelled with the Whig leaders, and laboured to make the venerable Grattan as unpopular as possible.' No doubt O'Connell's manly independence of speech, unusual amongst Catholics at that time, alarmed the timid old leaders of his party, who never dr-eamed of obtaining their rights except through, a spirit of abject servility on their side, and a patronizing condescension on the part of the Protestants. He quarrelled with the Whig leaders ! Who were they P Men who would not open their lips in favour of Catholic freedom unless the independence of the Catholic Church in Ire land was sacrificed for ever by the Veto. Men who regarded the Irish Catholics (per haps some or tlicir successors regaru mem still) as inferior beings—as a race far below the Saxon and the Norman. ' A century of legal degradation,' said O'Connell, ' has so lessened and brought down the Irish Catho lics in the eyes of their Protestant neigh bours that we are, in the scale of humanity, but dwarfs compared with those social giants. I was long aware that such was the estimate of us in which our enemies indulged ; but this correspondence was necessary, in order to convince me that the same prejudice lurked in the minds of our friends. I flattered myself that we had risen in their estimation. I did imagine we had ceased to be white washed negroes, and had thrown off for them all traces of the colour of servitude ; but this correspondence has, I confess, done away with the delusion.''1 As to leaders, and as to men who wish to become leaders, it is, perhaps, true enough to say that a good deal of rivalry and jealousy exists amongst them ; but it is unjust to charge any man with those feelings unless there is at hand good proof of their existence. It was said of O'Oonnell that he was anxious to sot John Keogh aside, and to take his place as Catholic leader ; but I cannot find tlmt he ever uttered one harsh or unkind word of good John Keogh, of Mount Jerome. He dif fered with him, which difference O'Connell was right, and John Keogh was quite wrong John Keogh wished the Catholics to give up the agitation of their claims, and retire to the shade5 of a murky, silent inaction, whence they might scowl their discontent upon the Government. But the great founder of con stitutional agitation saw the folly of such a course, and. opposed, it, out wituont a quarrel — without uttering a disparaging word of the man who advised it. The same may be said with regard to O'Connell's conduct towards the illustrious Henry Grattan. Lord Donoughmore, in the House of Lords, and Grattan, in tho House of Commons, were for some years entrusted with tho management of the Catholic; petition. Neither had the least difficulty in giving a Veto to the Crown in the appointment of Catholic bishops. They were Protestants, and saw no great evil in it ; but O'Connell believed that such a concession would inflict irreparable injury on the Catholic Church, and he was, therefore, a most uncompromis ing anti-Vetoist ; and it is not too much to say of him that he had the chief hand in saving us from that measure, a measure pregnant with untold mischief. An intimate friend of O'Connell, and one who, in some sense, may be looked upon as a biographer of his, Mr. O'Neill Daunt, says there was no difference between him and Grattan except on the Veto. There wasno expressed difference certainly, but I question much if O'Connell approved, or could, within his principles, approve of the support Grattan gave the Insurrection and Arms Acts of 1807. In presenting the Catholic petition on the 27th of February, 1810, Grattan said, 'On a former occasion he had suggested to the House that the Irish Catholics were willing to allow on the appointment of their bishops a Yeto to the Crown. He was sorry to say that at present no such sentiment appeared to prevail. . . . He retained,' he said, ' the great principle which he had then advanced, namely, that on the communication to the Catholics of all the privileges of the consti tution, it was necessary to secure those claims against the danger of a foreign influence, and if the Catholics objected to obtain that security by a Veto, in the Crown, it became incumbent on them to furnish some other effectual and palpable remedy. The Pope was almost certain now to become a subject of France, and a subject of France, for certain, would never be permitted to nominate the spiritual magistrates of the people of Ireland. He should rely and rest the sub ject on two great principles — communication of constitutional privileges and security against a foreign nomination.' Thus did Grattan proclaim himself a thorough Vetoist. In November, 1813, a correspondence took place between Lord Donoughmore and Mr. Grattan on the one part, and the Catholic Board on the other, relative to the course to be pursued in the then ensuing session oi Parliament with regard to the measure of Catholic. relief. ' Both Lord Donoughmore and Mr. Grattan distinctly and definitely refused to continue in communication with the Catholic Board in this matter on the basis proposed by the latter— namely, that no ' securities ' should be embodied in any future Kelief Bill without 1 lie previous know ledge and approbation of the Catholic pre lates.' Both accused the Board of, at least, the appearance of an intention to invade the privileges of Parliament, and to dictate to it by, as Lord Donoughmore worded it, 'leav ing a naked affirmative or dissent as their only remaining sphere of action to the repre sentatives of the people and the hereditary counsellers of the Crown.' This, in fact, amounted to telling the Catholics that they had no right to say what they wanted, but that they were to take whatever might be offered, and be thankful. Grattan's letter was even more pointed than that of Lord Donoughmore. Grattan declined to hold any further communication at all with the Catholic Board unless they submitted completely to his views. 'My answer is,' said he, ' that my zeal in the Catholic cause is inextinguishable — that I have a personal regard for a great number of the individuals that aro of the Catholic Board, without the least degree of enmity to any of them, and that it is in consequence of these feelings, as well as from a sense o£ the duty which I owe to Parliament, and par ticularly to the House of Commons, of which I am a member — that I decline a communica tion with the Catholic Board on a bill to be formed by them for the legislature, or any proceeding like a dictation to Parliament. I make no doubt the Board will not fall into such an error ; there are established regular ways by which they can convey all their wishes. I am satisfied they will resort to such, in which they will be most respectable and persuasive.' On the 8th of January, 1814 there was a meeting of the Catholic Board. The above letters came before it ; they had been pub lished for some time, and were much com mented on The subject was a delicate one, but O'Connell dealt with it in a way that left nothing to be desired. The combination of prudence, dignity, and self-respect which. he displayed on. the occasion was admirable, Of Lord Donoughmore, he said — ' In treating of the subject of those letters, and especially of that of the Earl of Dononghmore, I have another guide ; it consists in perfect respect for the purity of his intentions and great gratitude for his manly, uncompromising, un conditional, unqualified advocacy of Emanci pation. 'As to the other letter— that of Mr. Grattan— it is not,' he continued, ' my in tention, to introduce, with respect to ita any proceeding for the present, and I am the more inclined to refrain, lest what I have said o£ Lord Donoughmore should suggest any unpleasant contrast. If snch contrast arises, let me not be accused of it — T make no comparisons ; and if in the nature of the facts, any contrast arise, let the blamo be flung on the facts, and not on me, who am bound by every argument supplied by my judgmeut, and by every affection of my soul, to prefer — greatly to prefer, and to praise — indeed to praise exclusively, the unconditional, unqualified, uncompromising advocacy of our rights.' Surely, in all this the ' venerable Grattan' has been treated with the most respectful consideration. ' Would to God,' continued O'Connell, ' that I could ravive in the mind of Mr. G-rattan his former feelings for the Catholics '.-???*- of Ireland !— that I could rouse him to that energy with which he formerly advocated our cause ! What securities did he ever speak of iu the Irish Parliament? What apprehension was about him for the Es tablished Church in the year 1703, when he obtained so much for us? Where were his alarms then ? And yet that, if ever, was the period in which the Established Church might have been in danger. What is there in the English air to alter the mental visiou, so that it shall behold gorgons. and hydras, and chimeras dire, where before it saw nothing but the pleasant prospect of amity, strength, and social security ? Would I could conjure up the ghosts of the illustrious dead, who so often aided him in his battle for his then own Ireland ; and amid the group I would call up the phantom o!i departed Ire land herself to remind him of what he was, and what he ought to be, unsophisticated by the delusions of English politics ! In the sacred names of the mighty doad, [ would conjure him to return to the grand and simple principle of the right to perfect liberty of conscience ! Whether he succeed or fail in that pursuit, his ancient glories will brighten in the rays of these his later honours, and he will singly sustain, in degenerate days, the consistency, as well as the splendour, of the first models of the Grecian and .Roman virtue. ' (To be continued.) 