LOVE STIRONG AS DEATH. CHAPTER XIX. · . Every, hour has its end.--Saorr. BASI Fairfax took his wife away from England immediately after their marriage. Together they saw broad seas and circling horizons, calm valleys and deep lakes al~eping midst stern mountains, with fir tree forests and snowy summits; together they wandered in lands of poetry, art, and beauty, in fair southern Europe, with the sun shining on her brown ruinas, and the blue Mediterranean washing her shores. At Venice, queen of cities, they paused for awhile, revelling in the visionary and fairylike scene, gliding in sombre gondolas on the blue lagoons, and sitting of an evening on the great piazza of St. Mare, listening to the music and watching the gay throngs of people congregated on the beautiful square. SFromVenice to Milan, where the glorious Duomo held them for some days spell boind and enchanted, and soon to Florence, city of flowers; to Pisa, with its melancholy :sreets, its leaning tower, its Campo Santo, its bronze-gated cathedral, and its gloomy palaces. At Rome they lingered long; the Eternal Oity has a charm for thoughtful minds, but above all for those who have suffered in living; :the weird mixture of the past and present in the Roman streets and places has a peculiar attraction, hardly definable, yet absolutely certain. Muriel saw Rome under particularly favourable' auspices, for Basil, though he had not visited the city for some years, knmew its every nook and corner, and delighted to make them known to her he loved. They spent halcyon days, long to be remembered for their brightness in the dark hemours so swiftly approachinig. Her letters at this time to the Abbey were full of happiness, all the more joyous in contrast to the restraint of life and feel ing which had so long weighed her down. As she expressed herself, there was no eodiitryl to be compared toItaly; no human being so near perfectionas her Basil I His acquaintance with Rome was not limited to inanimate objects; for he ranked many of thenoblest of the Roman families amongst his intimate friends, and the doors of palaces and villas were thrown open to the fair young-English bride, who won all hearts by the sweetness of her retiring manners, and even the tremulous tones of her somewat imperfect Italian were charm ing to listen to. 'Uindeir the soft sky of Italy, the bloom returned to Muriel's delicate cheeks, and the light to her eyes, and when they left Rome for Naples her health was stronger than it had ever been. The months hlad sped by with incredible swiftness, and already the air of the towns was becoming oppressive, so that they were glad to seek the cooler atmosphere of Sorrento. There they.lived a life of pure sensual enjoyment. In the early mornings they would walk put beyond the walled lanes, up to the olive cowned hills; then, descending through the tunnels in the cliffs, they undressed in the primitive little tents, and rejoined each btheir in the cool sparkling waters of the Mediterranean. In the afternoons they lounged in - the deep galleries into which their rooms opened towards the cool north. Theil in the evening they would again wander out under the orange-trees, where fruit and flowers hung together on the boughs, and the air was heavy with over powering fragrance, and the fire-flies sparkled amid the leaves; and above the fields 'of.byoung green wheat. 'And so the happy months sped by, with out a cloud to mar their brightness; and, to-add to Muriel's pleasure, the letters from the Abbey gave her every reason to believe" 'that Ldrd Denzil would ere long jid66onmb to the charm 'of Lily's manner, which had always been apparent to every one but himself, and that Broadlands would not' have long to wait for a mistress. Muriel had been dilating on the satis factibn she should feel in such'an arrange ment'one evening as she and 'airfax re titsridd from a distant walk to the village of St. Agnese, which they had found so much farther than they imagined, and the last sunset flush had faded while they were still higli on the hills, and it was entirely darlk as thdy stumbled down 'the stony paths ihut in by garden-walls which led to the main.street. Muriel was right glad to reach home, but though her eyes were dazzled by thebright light.which illumined their' cheerful room, she neverstheless . distinguished instantly tlhe letters vhich had arrived during their absence, and which were laid on the table by the lamp. ".See, Basil," she cried, "see what a packet of letters l Three for me-from Marraine, from Lily, and from Denzil. But only one for you-you poor dear. Here, take your property." She handed him his letter, and at once became immersed in her own, when suddenly she was startled by an exclamation, and looking up was horrified to see her hus band's face agitated by some powerful emotion, whether of pain, auger, or grief, she could not tell. S Bhe flew to his side.. "Are you ill, my dearest WhaBt is it ? " For a moment he appeared unable to reply;, but then, with an evident effort at self- control, he answered with a smile sadder than she had ever seen on his face " Nothing, my love ; only that our holi day is over. We have been living in a fool's paradise, and must now return once more to the world of reality. We must exchange sunny Borrento for solitary, gloomy Belle vue." '.What does it matter ?". she said sweetly; "'it can never be gloomy to me since it is your home; and I am glad' to think," she added in a half-whisper, while a faint blush overspread her cheeks, "that our little one will be born there I Surely, Basil, you ought to be rconciled to our return by that thought, so do not look so unhappy." He shook his head despondingly, but she took no notice of this gesture, and con tmudd- "When must we start ? " " At once; to-morrow, as early as it is possible," he answered gloomily. She looked at him with wide-open sur prised eyes, and her expression seemed to bring him to himself, for he stroked her head gently as she knelt by his side, and urged her to retire to rest, so that she might be more fit to encounter the fatigues of their journey. Was it a matter of life or death, or what could possibly have been the reason for the speed at which they travelled, never pausing in any of the cities through which they passed, not even delaying when they arrived in Paris, but pushing over forward, forward, till they arrived at the little out of-the-way station which was the nearest to Bellevue ? Hero a luxuriously-cushioned carriage awaited them, into which Fairfax tenderly placed his wife, for in spite of the rapidity with which they had travelled, he had pro vided, so far as lay in his power, for her every comfort"; and Mluriel, colvinced that it was no light trouble that was oppressing him, bore up bravely against her fatigue, and no word of complaint or annoyance had ever passed her. lips. 'Her devotion and self-command only endeared her still more to Basil, and he drew her to him, and kissed her tenderly- and passionately; but he relapsed into gloom, and his brow con tracted as the carriage paused before a gate enclosed between high stone walls, which were surmounted with iron spikes, while the gate itself was secured by bars and chains, which a lodge-keeper began to un lock and withdraw. * They now proceeded rapidly through a park of apparentllylarge extent; the beams of the setting sun fell with reflected glow on the bare red stems of the stone-pines; which reared aloft their spreading canopies of foliage, and in the distance groups of fine becoh-trees attested the presence of autumn by the burnished gold and crimson of their changing hues. Through the open ironwork of a second gate a large courtyard was discernible; a sun- dial stood in the centre, and on three sides was a huge pile of lordly buildings fast falling into decay. All was noble in extent and proportion; the centre of the building was shut up, and the fine range "of splendid apartments evidently were ninhaliited; but to the right a long wing bore signs of human occupation, for smoke was ascending from the chimneys,. uand there was an open window, quaintly barred, through which fluttered a soft rose-coloured ceirtain. As the carriage entered tlhe courtyard the hall-door was thrown open.by a man .whoso singularly tall stature and powerful frame strikingly impressed Muriel, as well as the expression of pleasure which overspread his rugged features at "the sight of his master. The next moment however his eyes fell upon her face, when, with a smothered exclamation, he looked appealingly at Fairfax and hurriedly made the sign of the cross. "Your new mistress, Jean," said Fairfax, as he lifted Muriel tenderly from the carriage; and then he added in an undertone, full of anxiety, "is all' well ? " A shrug of the shoulders'and the dubious words, "monsieur is very much wanted," was the only reply. " What is it--what is it ? " asked Muriel anxiously. " Nothing, my darling," answered Fairfax soothingly; "that. is to say, notuhing that cannot be easily remedied by my, presence hlere. You must not fret yourself, or we shall have your ill. , Come. qpstairs ow, darling, t6 rest.t', tar. He led her up the great shallow oak staircase into the turret that communicated with the right wing of the house. They entered a pretty room, rather high up, and overlooking the once lovely gardens of the chdteau; it was full of the little elegances and comforts which Fairfax had gathered together for his love -'"quaint tapestry adorded the walls and hung over an arched doorway which led to her bedroom, a vast apartment, luxuriously fuanished wvith every 'niodern coinfort, which seemed almost out of keeping with the ancient panelled walls and' loeinge-paned windows,' which on one side looked over precipitous mcags on to the' sounding sea: At the farthier end was a' door, the upper part of which was formed of glass, before which, on the other side, a curtain was drawn. Through this Fairfax led his wife, so that she might see his dressing- room, which seemed also to serve him as a study, for in the deep embrasure of a window stood a large table covered with books, papers, and writing materials. Aquaintly-carved door in one corner of this roomni attiacted Muriel's attention. " What beautiful carving," she exclaimed. '! To where does that door lead ? " " To an uninhabited part of the chdteau," replied Fairfax; "where I would not advise you, dear little woman;, to wander, for it is quite out of repair, and the worm-eaten boards might precipitate you into some mouldy oubliette; besides which, it is locked, and I know not what has become df the key," he added somewhat hastily. "But now, my child, come and sit by your fire while they prepare you something to eat in the turrot-room." "But you," she asked, "do you not mean to sup with me ? " "Not to-night, sweetheart I " he said with a would-be gaiety. " My business with Jean is pressing, and to toll you the truth, I have no appetite. But I want you to take your supper and'go early to bed, to rest after all your fatigues so bravely borne, my own wife. You will niot be alone, for I shall be with Jean in my dressing-room, close at hand, if you should want anything." The timeoseemed Bo long, the turret-room so lonely without Basil, from whom since her marriage she had never been separated for an hour, that Muriel did not long delay taking the rest that she so sorely needed, and the sound of the waves on the shore beneath her windows and the murmuring voices of her husband and Jean soon lulled her to sleep. And as she slept she dreamed she was wandering on the sea-shore; a tempest was raging, and on the tossing waves a ship was labouring; her decks wore crowded with human beings, who by their crieos and gestures seemed to be imploring help. Suddenly amongst them she distinguished the form of Basil, and she called to him in an agony of terror to come to her. He flung himself into the boiling waves and struck out valiantly in the direction of the shore, apparently coming nearer with every stroko, while, with the perversity peculiar to dreams, he seemed to make no real progress. Suddenly her attention was diverted from him to the sorely straining vessel, which, overwhelmed by a gigantic wave, was engulfed and sank into a boiling trough, and the piercing shrioleks of the drowning wretches echoed again and again in her ears. 811ho started up, bathed in a cold perspiration, to find all unreal save the shrieks, whichlresounded from afar and then suddenly died away. In an agony of terror she sprang from her bed and was about to dart towards Basil's dressing-room, when at that moment the door was flung open, and Fairfax, white and haggard, stood upon the threshold I .OnATER xx. When all is dark, on dismal gusty nilghts, Ghosts wander all around this lonely house, And smothered groans and stifled shrieks I hear, That mingle with the beating of the sea. W. W. SconY.-" Ginevra da Sienan." Good Heavens I What a cry it was I The fight seemed to be rent in twain by the shrill yet savage sound that must have penetrated to the remotest corner of the chdteau of Bellevue. Muriel sprang from her bed and into the oust-stretched arms of Fairfax. "What is it ? What is it ?" she cried, in an agony of terror. " Merely that I have been toolong away," he said, as he gently soothed her. "Jean was administering chastisement to a refrac tory servant-that is all, my darling. We must see that you have no more such frights as this. You are pale, my pet; come now to bed again, and leot sleep chase away all remembrance of alarm." But it was long before MIuriel could sleep; thoroughly over-tired, the sudden fright had given her a severe shock, and for some hours Fairfax feared for the consequences. Towards morning, however, she fell into a troubled sleep, which grew calmer as it deepened, and she did not awake till noon, when she foundher husband seated by her bed, his face full of anxiety. -' I feel quite-quite well now," she re plied, in answer to his eager inquiries; " but you must allow that it was alarming-and thsen awakening all alone in a strange room 1" "It has made you look pale," he said; " but you were not afraid when I was with you ?" S"No-no," she said, somewhat hesitat ingly; '' but I could not help thinlking of that carved door in your dressing-room. I kept imagining that somebody would come through there, and thenlookinhere through the glass door between our rooms t" "But the door. is fastened, you foblish child," said Fairfax.' " Jean hais all the keys of the chateau, and that door is always kept locked.". "You are very fond of ·Jea'?" she said inquiringly. " I would trust him with my life," he replied ; " but now, my own, stay quiet, and see whether you cannot sleep again." " No, no," she answered gaily; "indeed, dearest Basil, I feel quite myself now. I wfll get up and dress, and then you must take me all over this enchanted palace, and we must unpack all our collection of pic tures and ornaments, besides my huge hokes, which must have arrived hero'from the Abbey." An hour later, and she joined Fairfax in the little turret-room, where a tempting broakfast was awaiting her. Queen Anne silver, rare Venetian glass, quaint shallow dishes filled with luscious grapes and hot-house flowers, delicate damask--all that was most inviting to the eye greeted Muriel. In her simple white gown, with its float ing azure ribbons, with her hair gathered bask in its natural waves, looking like one soft mass of living gold, and with her sweet blue meditative eyes, she was a picture soft as a poet's dream. "Was anyone ever so happy as I ?" she asked with a sigh of joy, and as she spoke she drew out of one of the bowls a deep red rose, glittering with.dew, and fastened it with its dark slhiiing.leaves in her bosom, where it nestled, half hidden, amongst her delicate laces. Fairfax's yea" dwelt upon her, on the sunshine of her hair, and on the exquisite childlike face, and for all answer his arms closed round her in a passionate embrace; and his lips met hers in kisses that only died to be renewed, each one sweeter and more lingering than the last. "And you are really happy ?" he mur mured. How often he asked this question -this question the answer of which he know so well. But he was never weary of watching the shy joy in her face, as she gently whispered the words he longed to hear. And in such moments as this, letting trouble drift from him, and the fevered anxiety of his life be for the time forgotten, Fairfax was happy. And as iMuriel clung to him, full of her innocent joy, she heard but in his words the tenderness of his-love, and lhad no thought of any suffering, any trouble, that could over reach her. They sat down to breakfast, and after wards, as slhe daintil' brushed the bloom from the rich purple grapes, they talked of their wanderings, and as she listened to the mellow music of his voice, her thoughts floated forward on the golden sea of her happy future. The afternoon sun was warm on land and sea, and a light amber haze was lying over the trees as Muriel and her husband sallied forth into the gardens of Bellevue. Far away to the west stretched the ocean, wide, calm, and limitless; the gleam of the sun light fell on many a white sail far away on the horizon, and turned the waves to molten gold. The chaiteau on one side hung over the sea, standing on masses of grey rock, clothed here and there with stunted trees; on the other side were, shrubberies and plantations, a wild and rambling garden, and a long range of hothousses. Beyond all this, there appeared to be woods of some ex tent, but no humann habitation. All was beautiful in this autumn after noon, cloud and sunshlino, golden woods and rolling waters, all blended together in amber light. 'The ohilteau seemed shut in with foliage, still and peicefls, with the shcen of the sea gleaming in tie distance. They wandered together through the vast domain, and it was late ore they again entered the hlouse. After dinner Muriel in sistodupon unpaclking some of her treasures, and in her researches she came upon her beloved pteture. As she carefully released it from its many coverings, she hold it at arm's length, and for a time gazed silently upon the well known face. "My comfort-my one comfort while you wero lost to me, Basill" she said. "It must be hung in our bedroom; it was my dream from my childhood, the love of my liffe until I met youl" Fairfax smiled, and as he took the picture from her hands, suggested hanging it up at once, and deferring the rest of the unpack ing till the following day. He had just succeeded in placing it according to her desire, exactly opposite the bed, when a knock at the dressing-room door startled them, It was Jean, and Fairfax hurriedly left her, and closed the glass door behind him. With a vague wonder as to how Jean should have got into the dressing-room, Muriel turned away and busied herself with undressing, when suddenly a laugh struck upon her ear, a formal, mirthless laugh, a slow "Hal hal" low, but very distinct; presently it grew louder, and then died away in an odd murmur. , It seemed to thrill her all over. She ran to the glass door and tapped quickly. Fair fax at once appeared. "Basil," she said, half frightened, "did you hear that extraordinary laugh? Who can it be?" "It was Jean," he replied, and there was an uneasiness in his manner. "But where is Jean," she asked. "I thought there was no way out of this room," and she looked nervously around. "He can get through the unused rooms," said Fairfax hastily; "he was laughing just now at some joke of his own. Run away, my darling, for he will be back again directly. Try to go to sleep to please me." She obeyed him-she had no will but his. Listening long for his coming, she at last fell asleep, her last thoughts and prayers for him; It was very late when he softly entered the room, and he stood for a time beside her couch,looking at her with an expression in which love and pity were strangely blended, and which deepened as he gazed upon her innocent beauty; and it was with a bitter sigh that he turned away to place the lamp upon a shaded bracket, and then he walked to the window and stood watch ing the moonlight upon the water. Had he done rightly to bring this fair delicate child to this house, over which there hung a curse? Would this shadow ever pass which he felt was blighting and destroying his own life ? It was as if, even in her sleep, Muriel was conscious that he was near. She awakened with a smile of gladness, and stretched out hef arms to him like a dream ing child; her low cry thrilled his heart, but as he bent over her to kiss those sweet lips, his face was dark and worn with tile memories which thronged about him. For some days all went quietly, and hMuriel felt the relief of the complete rest after all the months of travel in foreign lands. She was well supplied with books and work, she kept up a constant correspondence with the inmates of the Abbey, and she never knew what it was to feel dull. Often she wvould hear Jean's peculiar laugh, and his eccentric murmurs, which were really stranger than his laugh. There were days though when he was quite silent, but again at other times she could not account for the noises he made-a sort of snarling and growling like some strange wild animal. Fairfax had always some excuse for him, and so alter a time Muriel ceased to think about it. Her time, indeed, just now, was taken up with the manufacture of various lilliputian garments, and her thoughts principally full of happiness at the new joy that was in store for her, for she could imagine nothing more delightful than the possession of a child belonging solely to herself and Basil. What plans she made for the little being's future as she sat with her work in the turret-room I what happy hours she spent anticipating the time when, instead of being alone during her husband's occasional absences, she should have a little com -panion to cheer and enliven her I Basil would often laugh at her, and declare that he was already jeailous of thelittle unknown. It Was one day some weeks after their arrival at home that there came a letter for Fairfax, which necessitated his absence for a couple of days. There was a large extent of outlyingproperty connected withBellevue, which he had placed under the management of a bailiff, but which he periodically visited. On this property was a house, which however had never been let. Dismal as was its situation, it might have been taken as a hunting seat, for the forest abounded in wild boar and deer and wolves; but, except on the occasions of Fairfax's visits, the walls of the old mansion echoed no human voices. Muriel had bid her husband good-by at the end of the long avenue, and had stood for some moments at the great barred gate watching his figure as he rode away. At a bond of the path he turned and waved his hand to her, and she retraced her steps. For some time she paced up and down the broad terrace in front of the chdteau, when she was suddenly roused by the sound of the low laugh she had not heard for some time. She looked up startled, and through the bars of the window at which she had noticed the rose-coloured curtain fluttering on the night of her arrival she caught sight of the ungainly figure of Jean. "It is very funny," she said to herself, "but whenever I hear that laugh I seem to dislike Jean; and what room is that, I wonder 9 It is very odd that I don't seem to remember any room with barred windows.?" She made her way upstairs. Jean was arranging the table in the turret-room with a tempting luncheon, and at the moment of her entrance was placing some fresh roses in the blue bowl. "Jean," said his young mistress, "I saw you just now from the terrace; what room is that with barred windows ? " Jean looked obtuse. "With barred windows ? Surely madame made a mistake." "No," she persisted, "the window has a rose- coloured blind." "Ah I " and Jean smiled, " that window was only a sort of ante-room to monsieur's dressing-room, which led to the unused apartments." MIuriol appeared satisfied with this explanation, and Jeuan breathed a sigh of relief. But the following day a spirit of wandering seomod. to possess her; she felt that she should like to explore the uninhabited part of the house. She would be very careful of the worm-eaton boards, and surely Fairfax would not mind, it was so dull in his absence. She loitored in his dressing-room for a while, half undecided as to her movements, when the caprice of curiosity seized upon her. She pushed open the carved door, which happened to be unlocked, and stopped across the threshold with a beating heart. What was she about to see ? OHAPTER XXI. Soak not to know what mnet not be reveal'd. DIeRDEN. She saw nothing very remarkable. She first of all entered a small ante room, in which was the very identical window with the rose-coloured blind; then, through an arched doorway, in front of which hung a thick curtain, she passed into an antiquated room hung witil tapestry, very old, and with all its colours faded into softness and harmony. But what had Fairfax meant by calling those rooms unsafe and uninhabited ? Here were no worm-eaten boards, for on the floor was a beautiful Persian carpet, and various fino skins lay in front of the arm chairs and divans. A lovely Venetian mirror hung over the fireplace, a quaint cabinet of curious work manship, and some old-fashioned ebony chairs, completed the furniture of the room, save that in the recess of a large oriel window there stood a small spider-legged table and a low easy-chair. On the wall immediately opposite to where Muriel had entered, and covered with a curtain, was evidently a picture. Full of eager curiosity, she pulled aside the rich crimson silk, and the clash of the brass rings on the metal rod seemed to reverberate through the room. She looked up, and could hardly repress a cry of astonishment, for the face that smiled at her from the canvas might have been drown from herself. There were the same violet blue eyes, the same soft golden hair, the expression, contour, colouring-all were her own I She looked around her, mystified-and what perplexed her much was the very evident signs that this room was inhabited, for books of all sorts were lying about, and on one of the divans wasa silk handkerchief, while on one of the small tables stood a little china tray, in which lay a half-smoked cigar. Clearly, the room was in the habit of being occupied. Probably this was where Fairfax held his long conversations with Jean. But why should he have forbidden her to come there-why should he have told her an untruth ? A sudden attraction seemed to draw her to the oriel window, and as she opened the old- fashioned casement, she saw to her sur prise that she was loolking upon a part cf the garden which she did not know. Beneath her was a broad tenrace with a thlick clump of cypress-trees at either end; the garden, laid out with rigid formality, had long since been abandoned to itself, but the beds were still marked by their stone borders. At a distance she behold a widcespreading and melancholy cedar, and farther on, in a deep secluded spot, she fancied that she saw a sort of white temple, gleaming amidst a dark foliage of surround ing firs. Beyond this there appeared to be forest, and it was quite impossible to explain the utter dreariness which seemed to pervade the place. As she sat listlessly gazing into the dis tance, puzzled and anxious without exactly knowing why, she became conscious of the sound of voices, and to her surprise there emerged from the trees near the temple the figuret of her husband and Jean l They stood conversing with their backs towards her, and the sound of their voices was brought but indistinctly to where she sat. She was, however, somewhat surprised by Jean's manner, which struck her as being very familiar, indeed, almost presuming, and then, presently, she heard the strange low laugh which always seemed to chill her very blood. But how happy she felt that Basil had re turned a day earlier than she had expected him. Half unconsciously she took up a little vellum-bound book whichl lay on the table near her, and hurried back to her own turret-chamber, there to await the coming of her love, to whom she would confess her first act of disobedience. It was not long before she heard Jean's heavy footfall in her husband's dressing room, but Basil did not come. She grew impatient, and presently she rang the bell. Her maid, a simple girl of the village, came up to see what was wanted. "Your master," said Muriel, "he has re turned; is he still in the garden 9" Lisa had not seen monsieur. " Send Jean to me," said her young mis tress hastily. Jean entered with an air of interest. "Would madame dine now ? What could he do to serve madame ?" "Where is monsieur ?" said Muriel eagerly, " Monsieur is at the farm still, I suppose," replied Jean with an air of surprise; "he will not arrive until to-morrow." "What are you talking about ?" said Muriel, with some itispatience; "it was only a few moments ago that I saw yoen talking to him." " Saw me talking to monsieur 1" echoed Jean with a bewildered air; "surely madams is mistaken." "I am not mistaken, Jean," replied his mistress seriously. "I have been sitting in the oriel window of the unused room, and I saw you in the garden beneath, with mon sieur. Why do you not tell me whoro he is ? Is anything the matter ?" Jean darted forward and claspedher arm. " O, forgive me, my dear little mistress; you have been in that room. What will monsieur say? How-how did you got there ?" "Through the door, you foolish Jean ; but tell me, where is your master ?" " But I locked the door i" exelaimedJean, a look of blank dismay crossing his face. "The door is always kept locked; but, madamo, you are mistaken, it was not mon sieur whom you saw, it is a gentleman the same height as monsieur, somewhat similar, indeed, in appearance, but not so handsome; he comes sometimes to ask advice from old Jean about the manage mont of his property. He is not a good man, he is a vaurion. Monsieur will not know him." "Then neither should you, Joan," said Miuriel quietly, and she turned away saddened and disappointed, and with a vague uneasy feeling that there was some mystery within the walls of Bellevue that she was not to know. Joan had evidently told her an untruth, for he had both ingress and egress through the door in her husband's dressing- room. There was no doubt that lhe had been ordered to hold his tongue, or to invent some lying tale. Miuriel loved her husband too well to suse poet him, and yet there entered into her mind at that time the first vague feeling of distrust, the first sharp pain of knowing that there was something in his life she might not share. (To be cointilnued.) 