Figaro. ' Here, there, and everywhere." A correspondent, signing " Gui Bonq," asks of Figaro the following questions : — " Was the opera oC" Oberon " pro duced before the late Mr. Lyster came to the colony 7 " When was it first produced 1 Where 7 and who played in it." Answering the question categori cally, Figaro replies, the opera of "Oberon" was not produced prior to the late Mr, Lyster's arrival in this colony. It' was first played in Aus tralia at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, under the Bole direction of the late Mr. William Saurin Lyster on Boxing Night, December 26th, 1865. The ladies and gentlemen engaged in its presentation were caBt for the parts as follows : — Mr Henry Squires Sir Huon do Bordeaux Mr Fred. Lyster. Sherismin Mr Baker Haroun Alrasehid Mr Kitts...". Prince.Babekan Mr Ramsden ...AVmanzor Mr Levison ...Abdallah Madame Ada Sing .Reshana Miss Georgia Hodson. .....Fatima Madame Lucy Escott.,... ...Reiza Mr Armes E, Beaumont ...Oberon Miss AnguB ...Tetania Madame Rosalie Durand ...Puck Miss Emma Neville ..Mermaid Mr George Loder was the conduc tor, Mr John Hall, leader ; Mr W. Lloyd, stage manager; and Messrs John'Hennings andFreyberger, scenic artists. The prices of admission on that season was Dress Circle, 5s ; Stalls, 3s. ; Upper Circle, 2s, ; Pit, Is,; and Gallery, 6a. Latest advices state that Herr Bandmann made his first appearance at the Theatre Royal, Christchurch, on the 2nd of March, inst. as Hamlet t Mr Walter Reynolds was the Laertes. who also took the part of First Player; Claudius, Mr J. F. Cathcart, who also took the role of Ghost ; Polonins , Mr J, H. Nunn, who also played the First Gravedigger; Osric, Miss Grace Hathaway, (Mrs Reynolds) who also took the Player Queen. Several others also took double parts, and managed to get through tolerably well." ThiBis rather rough on the artists and certainly a novelty for the New Zealand lovers of Shakespeare. Mr Phil Kirby seems to be again at the fore, as Figaro notices by has flics that Mr Robert McWadeand company were playing " Rip Yan Winkle " at Portland Oregon, under his manage ment. Mr Amory Sullivan, son of the cele brated tragedian Barry Sullivan, is now and has been for some time past manager of the Standard Theatre, San Francisco. After a satisfactorily financial season he had determined to take the company on an interior tour, " but as he writes to a gentleman well known id theatrical circles, "I have been compelled to give up my in tended burlesque season in the coun try owing to the innumerable obstacles I have had to encounter in the whims of the principal ladies in the company. One young lady for instance, who is blessed with a husband who does nothing, wanted the management to furnish him with a position at a large salary, and also allow fares and hotel expenses for her child and its ancient nurse. ' " Others " continues Mr Sullivan/ "who were not married, stipulated for their mothers, maids or aunts, &c.;, and consequently I have been compelled to abandon the scheme. Now all this is extremely amusing when it is taken into consideration that the majority of these .same ladies rarely knew what is was to receive two con secutive weeks' salary until their pre sent engagement with me at the Standard, 