MONDAY, OCTOBER 81, 1881. -.6» IT is wisc lo know when to move on ; and, occasionally, it is still wiser to know when to stop. Amongst other bad practices which long obtained in Great Britain, and were imported by her American cousins, was that of giving too much power, at first to the beadle, and later on to the police. It scarcely required the pen of Charles Dickens, or the pencil of any one of a dozen great artists, who might be named, to show how badly the practice in question worked in the olden days; and it scarcely requires the press \- the contemporary history of the times - to demonstrate how very badly it works at present. Not- withstanding all this, and in spite of their rnrtfoGcdly original turn of mind, the Americans would appear to have " bettered " the bad instruction they received from the old country, and arc now reaping the results. Wc learn from a trustworthy source, the New York cor- respondent of the S. M. Herald, that within the last few months trains have been stopped and robbed in Missouri no less than three times. " The latest affair of the kind " we are told " took place only twelve miles from Kansas City (which boasts 30,000 population, and two daily newspapers), on the Chicago and Alton railroad. The robbers signalled with a red danger lamp that the train should stop, and afterwards assured the engineer that he had acted wisely in obeying the signal, because they had made a barricade on the track with some ties just beyond, which would have effectually brought the train to a standstill. Having knocked the express messenger~ÍSwfii -arra Tinea' ms safe, thc robbers, sixteen in number, passed through the train and forced the passengers to deliver up their money and valuables." Another incident comes more home to ourselves, and is thus described by the same writer ;-" Our breath has indeed been taken away by the stoppage of a coach in the White Mountains, not far from thc Glen House. Such a thing has not happened before for generations. It was, however, merely an ordinary stage robbery, such as Australians and Californians are perfectly familiar with. Two men, masked, stood at the side of the road with rifles, and a third advanced to the coach to ' take the collection.' A carriage containing four persons, in advance of the regular stage, was success- fully robbed in this fashion, but the driver of the stage utterly disregarded the summons, lashed first the robber, and then his horses with the whip, and 1 dashed on." What was the cause of these outrages? " Want of police protection " would doubtless be the answer of many, but the Americans have a different reply to offer. They say it is because they have too much of it ; or, that that which they possess is wofully misdirected. They believe outbreaks of crime, such as those referred to, are al least partially explained by the severity of the laws passed against tramps by nearly all the eastern and middle States. Quite recently in Connecticut five men were sent to the Penitentiary for a year each, for having no lawful visible means of support; and about the same time "the police made a sudden descent upon thc poor wretches who slept in the public parks. This last ' catch ' resulted in the arraignment of no less than fifty- six persons, and all of them, with the exception of nine, were sent to the workhouse for six months." Whether sent to the workhouse or the penitentiary made little difference, as the al fresco offenders would have to labour as hard in thc one establishment as in the other, and would enjoy similar fare at each. We have all been long accustomed to seeing, in all, or nearly all parts of Australia, persons arrested, and im- prisoned for periods of twelve months, ostensibly for having no lawful visible means of support, but in reality fur a very different reason-namely, to get them punished for offences difficult, if not impossible, to prove against them Many lawyers have herc, as well as in America, doubted thc constitutionality of of the so-called " vagrant " laws ; and in many instances convictions obtained under them have been quashed in the higher courts ; but, the pity of it is, men who have no visible means of support whether lawful or otherwise- are very unlikely to obtain the assist- ance of very learned counsel. It may be quite true that many are thus justly, though irregularly, punished ; but it is by no means improbable that many perlcctly honest persons are treated with gross injustice, miller a system so inherently ini(|iiitous, that it should not bc excused even on that most pretentious of all grounds-expediency. However, our treatment of the improvident, bad as it is, is not nearly so cruel as that of the United States; and it is difficult to conceive a piece of more stolid barbarity than the imprisonment of 45 personsforsix months for being caught sleecping in "God's glorious oxygen." Such wanton cruelty could scarcely fail to be largely productive of evil, and in more ways than one. If there were amongst the 47 outdoor sleepers any who were innocent of crime-and it is not probable the majority of them were -it is almost certain some good men have been converted into bad ones ; and if the too well ventilated dormitory con- tained some bad ones it is a clear certainty they have been made worse. If not " tramps " before, such treatment should qualify them for classification as such. That must be regarded as a most pernicious system which turns men into criminals, and these railway robberies are traced to rigorous treatment of homeless wanderers. Men who are compelled to find work of some kind, if they cannot get honest employment, must turn their hands to unlawful work. The teachings of experience are useful, and we hope thc lessons of thc incidents to which we have called attention will not be lost on our authorities, and the police of all ranks. Tim Hon. tho Premier and Mra. M'Uwraitli arrived herc by the Lady Bowen on Saturday at ono o'clock. There waa no organised demonstration on the occasion, and owing to tho absense of most of our public men from town, they landed very quietly. Having been greeted by a few private friends, they proceeded at once to the Criterion Hotel, «here they will reside during their brief stay in ltockhampton. In the afternoon Mr. M'llwraith took a stroll down East-street; and accompanied by Mrs. M'llwraith and friends, patronised Professor Pepper' enter- tainment in the Theatre lloyal. To-day the Premier will receive several deputations in the Criterion Hotel at otevan o'clock ; and in tho evening he will he entertained by the Mayor at a grand banquet in the Hall of the School of Arts. Mn. A. ROWLAND, who lias recently boen so successful in subduing unbroken horses, will again try his hand in the Exhibition grounds at three o'clock this afternoon, when he will have to operate on a marc. She ic described as having led a vicious life during thc last twelve years ; and as not having even yet sown her wild oats. Mr. Howland is also announced to attempt the reformation of an outlawed buckjumper. PROFESSOR PEFPIIR'A matinee was well patronised last Saturday, mainly by children, who appeared delighted with all that was pre- sented to them. In thc evening the entertain- ment was a repetition of that given on the preceding one. To-night "Pepper's Ghost Illusions" will be introduced, aud a new selection of .statuary will be vivified by thc Professor's wonderful lantern ; after which "Tho Castle Spectre" will walk for tho last time in Rockhampton. It is announced that on Wednesday evening one-third of the gross receipts will he given in aid of the local Hospi- tal, and that Mr. Pepper's great astronomical lecture will bc delivered on thc occasion. head of fat bullocks from Clifton Station were to pass Morinish on Friday last, in charge of Mr. T. Barnett. They were selected by Mr. J. Jackson for Mr. W. Pattison. Thc thun- derstorm last week passed over the country between Glenroy and Clifton, and hailstones fell. The wind was so strong at thc former place that several sheets of iron roofing were torn from Mr. Steele's residence, and ono of them was carried a distance of 400 yards. Clifton Station is bare of grass, but ou Glenroy, where rain has been fairly plentiful, tho feed is looking well, ami from there to Morinish the country ou each side of thc road exhibits a fresh appearance. Deep Creek is running, which is au evidence of the quantity of rain that has lately fallen in tho district. At Lake Learmonth, our informant states, Master Mylrea shot an alligator measuring twelve feet in length. ON Saturday afternoon a boy named Watson mot with a narrow escapo (ram drowning. Ho was walking down tlic band rail of tko A.S.N. Company's small wharf, a la Hlondin, and a portion of tho rail being submerged, he was not aware where the end was. Consequently, :lic fell into thc riv Mr. T. Dunlop, carpenter of the Lady Bowen, at once jumped into tho river, and as thc boy sank he dived for him. Luckily ho grasped thc youngster and brought him ashore. In a short space af time he was sufficiently recovered to run hame. Every credit is due to Mr. Dunlop for his prompti- tude in the matter, as in jumping in between the steamer aud the wharf he ran a great risk of injuring himself. This makes the third life Mr. Dunlop has saved during the last few months, and he certainly deserves some recog- nition of his services. TnE cricket match on Saturday between thc Zingari and Rockhampton Clubs was brought to a conclusion,' the latter winning by seven wickets and two runs. The seores of thc second innings follow : ZIN'RAIII C.c.-Sücosn iN.VINOS. P. Milford, c Schmidt h Wilson.lt J. H. Forbes, li Wilson. V. Cheshire, li Willum . A. Crow, ll F. Nobleman. R Comley, li F. llnlilKinaii . J. It.-irtlein, li F. nobleman . .1. W. llnttur, li Wilson. M'iilailrigran, li Wilson. V. Hatfield, lint ont . <!. II. .Innes, ll Wilson . Frecinun, thrown out by O. Tl.ilileinnn nye* 2, leg bye 1. Total. HOCKHAMPTOV C. C.-SKCOMl INMNIJS. A. noMeinan, li Kirtlem.8 H. H. Wilson, li ItarUcin . V. nobleman, not ont. c. H. Howman, li liarllem . M. B. Pelt, not out . «ye 1 . Total for throe wickets. AT a few minutes before seven o'clock yesterday evening the firebcll tolled an alurm which was thc signal for a race towards thc residence of Mr. Trotman, at tho corner of Kast anil Derby- streets, where a very largo crowd speedily assembled, lt appeared that Mrs. Trotman, who has been an invalid for some time ¡last, was in the habit of lighting a lamp placed on a bracket near her bad, .ind la-it night she allowed a portion of thc curtains to come i contact with thc flame. Thc immediate result was a blaze, which issued through the crevices nf thc iron roof, and at once attracted atten- tion. Messrs. W. lt. Holt, T. Murphy, and J. Spencer, who fortunately happened to be close at baud, lost no time iu rushing in and extinguishing what would soon have become a conflagration. Tbc Volunteer Fire Brigade wcro promptly on the scene, bat, happily, their services were not required. Not much damage was done to the building or furniture, but wo regret to say that the shock, not un- naturally occasioned, had a very prejudicial effect on Mrs. Trotman, who was unconscious up to an advanced hour last night. Dr. Callaghan was at once sent for, and did all ho could for tho sufferer. THOSE who intend voting at municipal elections arc once moro, and for the last time, reminded that uo ratepayer who fails to pay, this day, tho ratcB due by bim for ISSI, can vote at any election during thc year 188 -'. IN conséquence of toe banquet to the Premier the meeting of the Burdett Coutts Gold Mining Company, convened for this evening, has been postponed until further notice. IT is notified that in consequence of thc banquet to bc given .to the Premier, the reading-room and librar' of the School of Arts will bc closed from Half past five o'clock this evening. A THE subscribers V thc Rockhampton Grammar School willwet in the School of Arts on November 18, t> elect a trustee in room of Mr. H. \Y. Rticn, resigned. The arrangements for the elation will bc found in another column. RESIDENTS on tho vinous reserves about Rockhampton and tlï general public are notified that thc sale of the Kalka allotments, will take place at tin rooms of Mr. G. S. . r"..r*-:p ripnhnm.arraftt, on Wednesday next, 2nd November, at ll o'clock. The suuuiuuu villa residence on the Atholstane Rango, at present occupied by _Br. Jompb Brown, will be sold at the same tim; and pl«ce, therefore, recollect Wednesday nat, 2nd Uovcinber. AUVT. FATAL OCCUHRENCIÍ- An accident which resulted in thc death (fa fine child, four years of age, named Charle, Bernard Walters, son of Franois Charles Valters, of Boundary street, Spring Hill, occurred on Campbell's wharf on Wednesdij afternoon. The boy was sitting upon soon loose timber on Camp- bell's wharf about thee o'clock in the after- noon. At this time tvo men named Henry Porter and George Giffith were engaged in removing a long pisa of timber with two horses attached to a dray and trolly. Un passing tho timber ipon which tho little fellow was scated, tlicwhecl of tho dray came in contact with it, ;hrowing the deceased down in front of tis wheel of the trolly. Before thc horses coud be stopped the wheel passed over the chld's body. He was picked up quite insensible and taken to Dr. Bancroft's houso by th) father, bat died before medical aid could bc lad.-Courier. DIAMOND DniLLS.-It was intended yester- day (says the Melbnirnc Argus of tho 20th instant) to have tried thc first diamond drill manufactured ii the colony, and accordingly a number of ncmbers of Parliament, repre- senting mining constituencies principally, aud other gcntlemm, nut on the south wharf, opposite Spenccr-strect, where one of the machines consiructed by tho Atlas Foundry Company was glaced. It was supplied with compressed ail by ooo of the Harbour Trust engines, but il coDBcquencc of thc service pipe being too small thc experiment was not completed. Tie air which was supplied was sufficient to wirk the machine, and thus far the trial was satisfactory ; but as there was not thc requiiite power available for the pumps, the bit with which it was intended to pierce a block of bluestone was not used. Thc apparatus worked very well, and the. visitors cxpresicd themselves as being pleased with the manier in which tho company had performed their contract with thc Govern- ment. They arc to supply five at a cost of £250 each, without the rods or bits, and that cost is said tc be equal to the amount charged on delivery from flis workshops in tho United States for similar in&cMncB.; RAILWAY PuoonEssiu AMKITRA.-Statistics Just published sha» that at thc cud of 1879 thc number of mi bs of American railways in operation was 81,223, which rose in 1880 to 93,071 miles, or ly nearly 9 per cent. By decades, the progresa of railway construction in thc United States since 1830 when there were but 23 milos open, was as follows : There were built from 1830 to 1840, 2,785 miles; from 1810 :o 1850, 9213 miles; from 1850 to 18G0, 21,GU miles ; from 1800 to 1870 22,279 miles; from 1870 to 1880, 40,757 miles. A comparBon of the capital, gross earnings, expenses, and net earnings per mile of road, and percentage of net earnings on capital of thc railways nf thc States, for ten successive years, diows that the capital per mile bas varied lutle since 1874, which may bc considered the close of the railroad con- struction period. The gross earnings per mile decreaseil continuously from 1870 donn to 1878, made viry little gain from the lowest point in 817), but in 18S0 leaped un at once, becoming the largest for six years, The expanses made a similar leap, yet not so far but that the nctcarnings per mile were thc largest since 1871. So the percentage on the capital formed by the net earnings decreased continuously from 1671 to 1677. and since J677 ba« increased, and most of all last year when it became just S per cent., which is as good an average as most European countries exhibit ; this has been exceeded only in 1871 and 1872.-Iron. TIIE LAW OF NiîWsrAriin, LTIIF.L.-THF. NEW ACT.-This Act, which came into operation as soon as it received thc Boyal Asseut, is a very important one. It is intituled "An Act to amend thc Law of Newspaper Libel and to provide for the Registration of Newspaper Proprietors." The following nrc among thc chief provisions of the Act : " That no criminal prosecution shall bc commenced against any proprietor, publisher, editor, or any person responsible for the publication of a newspaper for any libel published therein without tho written fiat or allowance of the Director of Public Prosecutions iu England or Her Majesty's Attoraey-Ceneral in Irelaud, being firBt had and obtained." That if a Court of summary jurisdication on hearing a charge or libel is of opinion that the defen* dant is guilty, they may, if they also consider the libel to be "of a trival character," reduce thc matter to writing and ask thc defendant, "Do you deeirc to be tried by a jury ordo you consent to tho caso being dealt with summarily ?" and if lie consents, may assess him in a fine not exceeding £50. In (he case " priveleged" reports tho defence that such reports are fair and for thc public benefit is not to bc admitted if the plaintiff or prosecutor can show that the defendant has refused to insert a reasonable letter or state- ment of explanation or contradiction by or on behalf of such plaintiff or prosecutor.-¡lome Ptip'i: VAI.C'IKATION.-There has been laid upon the table in thc Legislative Council Sydney a printed document containing tho opinions of fifteen members of tho legal profession in Sydney upon the subject of compulsory vaccination. These opinions were given before thc members of the Government at several Cabinet Couucils, which were held for Ibo purpose, and they deal very clearly and fully with thc subject of vaccination. With oue exception-Dr. Brereton-thc doctuis examined arc unanimously in favour of vaccin- ation as a protection against small-pox, and thc testimony is very strongly iu favour of compulsory vaccination. Upon the Bubjcct of revaccination there is a difference of opinion, aud several of the doctors consider that one vaccination, properly performed, is sufficient protection against small-pox. lt appears to be pretty ccrtaiu that as long as the cicatrices, or marks on thc ann, remain thc beneficial effects of the vaccination have not left the system. Two or three of the witnesses cxeaiiiiiicd arc convinced of the pro- bability of tho vaccination introducing diseases «if a very deadly nature into the system, eveu though thc vaccination he carefully performed, hut tho remainder of thc doctors declare that though with care- less vaccination there is a probability of introducing disease! such as Bypkillis and scrofula, in other cases the worst that vaccin- ation docs is to develop the diseases the seeds of which are already in the patients. Calf lymph does not appear to have much to recommend it, and there seems to he plenty of evidence to show that humanized lymph has not deteriorated to any particular extent siucc the days of Jenner. Altogether, the evidence collected by tho Cabinet is very valuable and interesting, for in addition to thc statements of tho doctors there are copious extract from works of authority upon tho treatment of small-pox.-S. Af. Herald. 