I nip 'in1: ' " " r j i >ViTTii f |i mi n ; i i|| 8 w»«ww«fiaawiwMii \- — — By Atiia. . « j& ND so you are positively going by the 8.30 train this evening, my dear?' asks Mrs. Belford of her husband, the while pouring out that gentleman's tea. ' Yes, my love ; at half-past 8 the train leaves Spencer-street Station,' answers her lord and master, George Bel ford, stretching his long, well-shaped legs under the dining-table. ' Is the business very important ?' ' Very, my dear Fanny. In fact I may state the ' firm' will not trust any one in this affair but your humble servant.' ' Of course, dear, and the journey will no doubt be very pleasant after the dull routine of the office ; but it seems strange that you should be compelled to start without any previous notice from your employers. Y"ou know it was only this morning you promised to take me to the opera. Why could they not send Mr. Jones ?' 'Jones, indeed!' interrupted Mr. Bel ford, scornfully. ' A fellow without brains, and a dandy into the bargain. A pretty minister truly to send on a diplomatic mission.' Ami George Belford drank his hot tea in a savage way to express his disgust. ' rm sure Mr. Jones is a very gentlemanly man, George, and anything but dull or stupid, as you would infer,' answered the little wife, warmly. ' Oh, indeed, very gratifying to Jones if he could only hear you ; but, my dear Fanny, ladies, as a rule, are poor judges of men.' ' That's the reason there are so many unhappy mar riages, I suppose?' answered his better half, with a merry twinkle in her bright eyes. A large clock in the dining-room struck the hour, and interrupted the husband in his reply. He rose cpiickly from the table. ' Seven o'clock, by Jove ! and I have to be at the railway station in another hour. Where's Jane ?' ' In the kitchen, my love.' ' Be kind enough to ask her to brush my overcoat ; I got it covered with dust this morning.' ' Will you require anything else besides your coat, George ?' ' Nothing, Fanny, save my pipe and tobacco-pouch. By the bye, the present occasion will be very opportune for your visit to the Stanmores while I am away. They have invited you several times, and I now deeply regret that you have utterly ignored tlieir kindness,' saying which our hero walked upstairs to prepare for his journey. George Belford was head clerk in one of the large soft- goods houses of Melbourne, and in receipt of a good salary. He had only been married about twelve months previous to the opening of this truthful sketch, and had drawn a prize from that eternal lottery — matrimony. I do not mean that the soft-goods clerk had married money in the shape of a rich and fashionable bride. Mrs. Belford had'nt a penny, save a marriage present of a hundred guineas, given by her uncle, a sea captain, on the day of her wedding. But if Fanny Belford lacked cash, nature had endowed her with a lovely person and an amiable disposition, a loving, truthful heart, and one of the most rosy bewitching faces that ever drove mortal man crazy. I need scarcely add that the young and charming wife adored her husband ; yet I am ashamed to state that George Belford was not happy, or satisfied with his lot. The dull monotony of his pleasant home was beginning to pall upon him. He longed for his bnehelor friends and the thousand coarse eniovments in which lie and they had once commanded. Mrs. Belford took her husband's great coat from its accustomed peg in the hall, and proceeded with it to the kitchen. Jane, the servant, chanced at that moment to be in close communion with her ' young man' at the end of the garden fence, and, of course, was quite deaf to the repeated calls of her mistress. The young wife knew where the brushes were usually kept, and remembering the old adage, ' If you want anything done well, do it yourself,' she set to work like a sensible spouse, and began to brush the coat with might and main. As she proceeded with her task, a letter fell out of one of the pockets to the floor. We remember once hearing a sour old bachelor say that feminine curiosity was the bane and curse of married iife. A lady who chanced to overhear the remark, en quired what he knew about it, seeing that he had never entered the connubial state. Mrs. Belford had no particular weakness for prying into the secrets of her caro sposo. Yet there lay the letter tempting her. By the look of it, there was no reason to suppose it was an official missive by any means, for they have generally a formal, fat appearance. Not' so with the epistle on the floor ; it was a dainty little pink envelope, beautifully scented with otto of roses, and the address was unmistakably the penman ship of a lady. Fanny Belford caught up the note, and thrust it back again from whence it came, and with female inconsis tency drew it forth the. next moment, and began to scan the address carefully. ' Yes, this is my husband s name ; but why did not the sender direct it here instead of to the office?' muttered she, with just the ghost of suspicion darkening her fair face. ' Of course George can have no secrets from me now, therefore I will read it.' The note was not a lengthy one, and Mrs. Belford was soon mistress of its contents. Yet the purport of it seemed very unpleasant, to judge by the deep frown which settled on her features, and changed its every line from smiles to sudden pain. ' Can this thing be possible ?' she ejaculated, crushing the letter in her small hands convulsively. ' Oh, my husband ! you whom I thought so manly and honour able ! you whom I had been content to serve and wor ship as a demi-god — who filled my whole being and my soul ! Pshaw !' she added, suddenly changing her mood, and stamping her foot in passion, ' Have I been such a toy, such a silly baby, that this contemptible — this— this — .' She broke down into a passionate fit of weeping. By and by the torrent is stilled, but her mood is the same, for she sits staring at something imaginary far and away beyond the City of Melbourne. Presently she be came more collected, and as if prompted by some sudden resolution, the young wife spread out the letter, and hastily made one or two notes from its contents ; then replacing the hated epistle again in the pocket of the coat, she went slowly upstairs. Her husband was ready for his journey when she entered the room. ' What is the matter, darling !' said he, quickly, putting his arm about her, and drawing the slender form towards him. ' Why, you've been crying, Fanny ?' ' Have I ?' she replied, coldly, and in an, absent manner. ' Have you ! Why how strangely you speak, dearest. One would imagine your husband was going on a voyage of discovery to the Polar regions instead of a few miles by rail. Fie ! kiss me, naughty puss, and say good bye.' The young wife held up her tear-stained face for the parting salute, but her eyes avoided the face of her hus band. ' When may I expect your return ?' she enquired, in the same cold tone. ' Oh, let me see ; this is Tuesday. I shall be back again on Thursday morning. Now, it's time I was off, Good-bye, baby.' At the door another kiss, and George Belford went on his way rejoicing. . It wanted fully an hour before the train started for B , the destination of our hero ; therefore he did not hurry himself by the way, but walked slowly, as one who was occupied with a scheme, and had not fully made up his mind how to act, He reached the railway station at length, and the train came snorting and puffing towards the platform. There were very few passengers leaving the city, and George Belford entered a first-class carriage, whose only occu pant was a slim lady-like person, enveloped in a long shabby cloak, with a thick veil drawn over her face, which completely hid her features. The ringing of a bell, a shrill whistle from the guard, and they are off whirling through the darkness. Our hero sat staring at the female opposite, at tempted to open a conversation. ' Fine night ?' No answer. . ' Nice, and cool for this time of the year, don't you think?' He waited, but the lady made no reply. ' The Mayor's ball was a grand affair, I believe,' said George, again coming to the charge. ' Never saw so much beauty and fashion . in. my life, or more agreeable company.' The lady winced in her seat, as if something had sud denly stung her, but held her peace. ' Humph ! a proud, unsociable minx ; won't speak a woru, mutterca uenora, settling nimselr on the sort cushions. Anon he drew the letter from his pocket, the contents of which ran as follows : ' My dear George — I have not seen you for an age, and you have not answered my last two letters. I have been over the Border on a visit, and only returned last week. Clara Hindmarsli told me she heard you were married, but I do not believe it. By the by, there is to be a grand ball at Madame D 's on Tuesday next, and I have made up my mind to be there. Come up and take me, there's a dear boy. You can take the 8.30 train, which reaches here a little before 10 o'clock. Henderson, at the White Horse, will lend a buggy, and you can drive to the store of Uncle Pascoe, High-street, where I shall await you. — Yours very sincerely. Geraldine.' When the train arrived at B , George Belford hurried from the station, and having gone some distance on his way, suddenly remembered that he had left his cane (a valuable one) behind him in the train. He hurriedly retraced his steps to the railway station, and discovered to his chagrin that the train had continued its journey. Having received a promise from the station- master that he would telegraph respecting the missing property, our hero made his way with all haste to the. White Horse Hotel, and made application for a buggy. ' Very sorry, sir,' answered the smiling host, rubbing his rough fat hands together. < A party hired the trap a few miutes since, and we liave'nt another about the plact .' The soft-goods clerk left the hotel, muttering any thing but a blessing on the miserable place, whose chief house of entertainment could boast of only one convey ance. There was one comfort, it was not very far to the shop of old Pascoe, and thither he directed his steps. As he emerged into the broad thoroughfare, he noticed the gleaming lamps of a vehicle drawn up close to the verandah of Pascoe's house. George Belford's disap pointment vanished in a moment, ' Ah, the dear girl has become impatient at my delay, and has forestalled me. It is just like her ; the same wayward, kind-hearted, fascinating rogue as ever.' He hastened onward with swift strides, and stepping softly under the verandah, caught sight of the outline of a female form standing in the shadow of the doorway. ' It is her. How I will surprise her,' he muttered softly ; and wfthout more ado, he stepped forward and caught the lady in his arms. . ' My own darling, I knew, it was you,' he whispered, rapturously ; ' this is in deed an unexpected pleasure. This is bliss unspeak able.' Somehow the lady, although passive, did not seem to be imbued with the exalted state of our hero's rapture. ' Darling Geraldine, why don't, you speak to me ? Oh, if you only knew, my pet, how I have longed to see you, to hear your voice, to hold you in my arms, and to feel your gentle head pillowed on my bosom ! Oh, my pet, my life, you ' George Belford stopped suddenly in his rhapsody, and almost fell backward off the kerb into the gutter ; foi by the bright light of the buggy lamps' he . beheld — not the face of Geraldine, but the lovely features 'of 'his out raged wife! Had a swift and sudden" earthquake swallowed the High-street then and there, and left our friend standing in mid-air,' he could scarcely have- felt more confounded. t -1 - ! - j7 ' : l> my own uarnng, mis is an unexpeuLeu.jjiectsui.ei and Fanny Belford's blue eyes flashed scornfully. The guilty husband seemed to meditate flight down the street, but changed his- mind, and leaned for support against one of the verandah posts. ' ' This is bliss unspeakable !' continued the young wife, with mocking irony. ' It is indeed,' muttered the husband between his set teeth. ' Oh, my darling, speak to me!' she went on, with biting sarcasm. ' Oh, if you only knew how I longed to hold you in these arms, to feel your gentle head pil lowed on my bosom, to ' 'Hold! stop!' cried George, hoarsely, 'or I'll do something desperate. I — I feel an uncontrollable desire to slay this unfortunate quadruped that brought you hither, and there is a strong impulse upon me to smash the trap into ten thousand fragments. Do you hear, Mrs. Belford, ten thousand fragments ?' ' My darling, my love, my life 1' quoth the wife, laughing scornfully. ' Silence, madam, before I murder some one.' ' Darling Geraldine, I knew it was you.' ' No more, Fanny ; for mercy's sake say no more,' pleaded the poor fellow. ' Oh, George Belford, I can never love you again after this night,' and the voice of Fanny grew tremulous in her bitter sorrow. ' Very well, Mrs. B., I hope you will be happy with a more deserving fellow. I can only say, there will be an inquest in the course of a few hours,' saying which George prepared to move off. ' Stop, sir ; you forget your wife is out in the open street, in a strange place at midnight. Be kind enough to assist me into the buggy, and drive me to the railway station.' . ' My dear Fanny, I shall be so delighted to ' ' Don't dear me, sir. Drive me to the station if you please.' ' I have been very thoughtless and selfish, Fanny,' pleaded George, earnestly. ' To-night I have com mitted a base and dishonourable act, for which I feel heartily ashamed. Believe me, the experience of to night will stand prominently out as a lesson to me in uno luuuiu. x iiavc jLiuuwu vrciitiuiuo iiuiu iuy boyhood, but I have never loved her as I love you ; and I must confess to you that I feel more in need of your love now than I have ever done before.' ' I can never forgive you, George.' ' Not now, Fanny. Indeed I dare not expect it ; but in the future, when I shall have fully redeemed my self.' . Years have gone by, and the repentance of George Belford has been lasting and sincere, but the forgiveness of the wife is ' not yet.' When the husband looks handsomest and bravest, there looms out that ugly shadow, ' falsehood,' across her mental vision, dwarfing him into the most ordinary mortal, for she had given into his keeping the treasure of her never-ending love, and he had sworn to wear it bright and pure in his soul for aye. But he had lied. The following incident really occured at Bagshot bazaar, London : A young gentleman thought he fancied a certain article exposed for sale atone of the bazaars, and he was certain he fancied the lady who presided at the bazaar. He remarked, therefore, that he thought that particular article very pretty. Tfie lady said, V Yes, it is very pretty. My mother sent -it." "Ah! really," pursued tlie young gentleman, determined to discover the name of the owner of the eyes that had be witched him. " Ah ! really. Let me see, I think I have met your mother. Her name is " The Queen," answered the lady. The young gentleman did not wait for the last train from Bagshot. "" 