ITHE VISIT OF THE BISHOP BALLARAT. OF The Bishop of Ballarat conducted a confirmation service in the charch connected with'Sb. Peter's Oollege on Saturday morning, 12th inst. There were seventeen male and three female communicants. The Rev. W. B. Stanford, M.A., read the prayers, and the Bishop was accompanied by the Rev. O. O. Elcum, B.A. The Bishop of Adelaide was absent through illness. The officiating Bishop, before administering the rite of confirmation, addressed the communicants briefly bat earnestly. He reminded them that the occasion waB one of the most solemn which ' bad occurred or would occur in their history. They were about to renew their baptismal vows before God and His Church and the world to solemnly resolve by Divine help to avoid wrongdoing. He was there; to represent the Church, to receive the communicants to her full fellowship, and to invoke upon them the benediction of the; Most High. He hoped they were earnest in their intentions—indeed, he could scarcely conceive of even the hardest and most apathetic heart not being touohed on confirmation day; but they could not enter into the intense feeling which moved a Bishop as he took part in that rite. He had never taken part in it without a trembliDg while be did so—a sort of fear, a sort of anxiety; and that fear, that anxiety, that trembling he dared say was shared in some measure by the audience, and in a greater by tbe candidates for confirmation. Why should they tremble ? why should they fear ? It was because of the question whether the earnestness the communicants felt that day would continue, whether the solemn pledge about to be made would be kept inviolate ? They were going forth into a world so swarming with spiritual perils that it would be impossible for any one to keep from falling without Divine help. Over in his diocese at Ballarat there was a spot where the coast trended away to Cape Otway, presenting a line of jagged rocks and towering cliffs against which the waves dashed so furiously as to cause the earth to vibrate. He felt that day as though he were standing on those cliffs and seeing a fleet of frail skiffs putting off the shore throwing their sails to the breeze. And he [put to .himself the question, "How will they go?" The coast-line was dotted with tell-tale wreckage, marking the places where many a good ship had gone to the bottom. How would the little boats fare ? "Would the friends'of the communicants have tbe humiliation of seeing them treading the broad path of self-Batisfied spiritual sloth and negligence, withdrawing themselves from holy influences, yielding to some secret sin, infected by the unbelief of the day, or experiencing the bitter heritage of the backslider or the awfal portion of the hypocrite? Those were not impossible contingencies, because many a hopeful communicant had proved to be merely an unfulfilled promiser. It was meet, then, that they should tremble for the future. The young men of Australia had to make their way into the perilous regions of self-rule and independence much earlier than had the yoang men at home; and it was little, after all, that could be done for tbe communicants after that day by others. Even the Church could not do much. There were rites which were not always wholesome for healthy and courageous souls, however good they were sometimes. No wonder that some quailed at the thought of what was before the communicants, and enquired," Why do yon ask confirmees to make such solemn promises as these ?" He had, to provide an answer to that question, selected a text which he asked the communicants to remember to their dying day, for the passage was charged with force and appropriateness. The Bishop then .read the text (Cor. H xii., 9)—" My grace is sufficient for thee." He did not base a sermon upon the words, but w broke them up as |the diggers did quarts rooks, thus better to get at the gold." What the forces of nature were in the physical world so was (he Grace of God in the spiritual. Both were sufficient for their purpose. The words had a personal application, and it was because of that promise they contained that the Church sent with prayerful confidence communicants out to battle with the world, the flesh, and the devil. At St. Peter's Cathedral on Sunday fsecond in Lent), special services were conducted—matins in the early morning, and ordination service and Holy Communion at 10.30, the preacher being the Rev. A. Dendy, D.D. In the evening tbe Bishop of Ballarat conducted service, in presence of a congregation which filled the Cathedral to overflowing. The Bishop, who was assisted in the service by Dr. Dendy, D.D., and the Rev. C. O. Elcum, B.A., took as text (Revelation v. 9) "They sang a new. song, saying Thou art worthy." He began with a reference to the old song, which eight centuries before Isaiah had heard when he was so favoured as to catch a glimpse of the glory in the presence of the Most High. But since then Christ's redemption of the world had given the engelic choir a new theme, and the old song had given place to the new, ascribing honour to the Second Person in the Trinity. This led to a comparison of heavenly with earthly worship. It was clearly wrong (said the preacher) to stigmatize all newly Introduced formB in the Church services, yet such forms were spoken of as innovations, and those by whom they were adopted as having a fondness for display and new-fangled notions. He repeated that it was wrong to stigmatize thus a desire for legitimate change in Church worship. The heavenly Church had adopted a new song; why should not the earthly, if the altered circumstances of modern times rendered it desirable? The Bishop then delivered an able address upon the three natural divisions of the text. During the service the following hymn, written by the preacher, was sung to music composed by Mr. Boult, organist at the Cathedral:— CHOBAL HYMN TO THE BLESSED TaiNir?. Triune God 1 Thy praise to sing Every voice conspire for ever, Kature all her music bring, Art of man her best endeavour; Every height its anthem wake, Every deep its answer make ! All the earth doth worship Thee, Lord of land, and air, and ocean; With bowed head and bending knee, Symbol of the heart's devotion. All Thy Charch glad homage pays, lifting high the note of praise. Unto Thee, in loud refrain, Lo the ,ull-toned choir rejoices, And the organ lifts amain All her multitude of voices; Ah! what rapture 'tis to sing In thy praise. Eternal King • O thnt, as the inbreath'd wind Thrills dumb pipes to sounds of sweetness. Every heart a voice might find— All oar souls be toned to meetness For the heaven-tanght song they pour In Thy presence evermore ! 'Mid Thy glory, far above Yonder sky that arches o'er us, Seraphs, fired with sinless love, Chant in never-ceasing chorus, Than the harp more tnneful far. Louder than Thy thunders are ! Higher yet one strain shall rise— Dearer to the earof heaven Thro' the concert of the skies Fierce the songs of the forgiven ; And the saved shont louder praise E'en than angels skill to raise ! Holy, holy, holy Lord ! Thou, who au from nothing spakest; Thou whose blood for man was poured; Who dead souls to life awakest; In Thy name is all our boast. Father, Son, and Holy Ghost! The tune was in harmony with the sentiment^ and the pieoe was so well sung by the ohoir that the Bishop took occasion at the close of the service to compliment them. He also reminded them of the importance of the part they took in the church service. As in ancient religious observances singing was an especial feature, so was it now; and those who took part in the singing of praise to God should infuse earnestziess and tbe true spirit of worship inte their songs, thus arousing the fervour of the congregation and intensifying the solemnity and acceptance of the service. A confirmation service will be conducted in the Cathedral this evening. 