V MISCELLANEOUS.. Griscomy an imitator of Dr. Tanner, com pleted a days' fast in Chicago on July 12. He ordered for his first breakfast — a small augar-ctued. ham*, two chickens stuffed* one tongue boiled* four hard-boiled eggs* one pound of new cheese* one quart' of onions* a aun -il. com siaw tpicsiea caDDagej, one pint at currant jelly, one quart of cranbury jelly, fve pieri (apple, rhubarb, 'custard* lemon, and laspberry). He actually |{ate two slices of molassas cake, and idrank a glass of cream. Conditi9n, quite norm.nl.. A motiob has boen issued by the Commie- ] sioner of Police of London, which has been pilstod at all the principal ports throughout the world, relntive to the mysterious disnppearance nf Mr. Lamont Young and others from Ber mngui about a year ago. The notice offers X300 reward for any information as to their whereabouts, and suggests' that it is probable that the whole of tbe party were kidnapped. The circumstances of the -case will readily be recalled to mind. A party, consisting of Messrs. Lamont Young, Max Schneider, Cdsey, Towers, and Lloyd, embarked in a boat atSBermau'ui, a email port about 1G0 miles to the south of Sydney, for the purpose of making some geological inspections. The men were never afterwards seen nor heard of. Tile beat was discovered subsequently about ten miles to the north of the place of embar kation, bearing signs of shots having been 6rid at it. The Government of New South Wales offer £200 out of tho £300. For buying a half-pint of castor-oil from a Boycotted storekeeper, an Irish farmer was made to swallow it himself, thongh be wanted it lor a sick eow. ?' ! ' ,John Bumside, originally .a poor Irish 'emigrant, died in New Orleans on the 12th July, worth 5,000,000 dol. He was the largest sngar-planter in the Southern States of America. ' During the voyage of the immigrant ship the Nineveh the dull routine of events was relieved to some extent by jokes, more or less serious, practised by some of the young female immigrants on each other. In one case, how ever, tbe result turned out very serious indeed. Dating the quiet hours of the night one of the girls, wrapped in a white sheet, passed from one bunk to another and aroused the sleeping inmates by pretending to be a ghost. The shock in one instance was so Bevere that the poor girl lost her reason;* and bad to be placed under medical care. She was examined on the arrival of the ship here and certified to be insane, and was sent to Glade&ville;, A horrible case of juvenile immorality occu- pied the attention of the Melbourne City Bench a few days since. Four respectably connected girls, of tender ages, were sent to the Reformatory for having been found living in a state of hideous depravity with the filthy. Chinese. An apparently rich copper-mine has been discovered about ten miles from Cooma by Mr.1 James Hannaford. In referring to the progress which the colony of Tasmania is making* a barrister in Hobart Writes to a friend in Sydney as follows : — ' Mining is all tbe rage here just now, in fact people have very little time for attending to anything else. Almost every one is in for it, and it is the all-absorbing topic of conversation wherever one goes. Every day prospecting assoctionB are being formed, the operations of tbe ; majority of which are carried on at tbe West' CoaBt.' The Government have had ' a shilled man, Mr. Thurean, to report oh tbe mineral resources of the West Coast, and his report was to the effect that it was most wealthy.' It is surprising that more miners have hot found their way to the Tasmanian mines, as it' now ' beyond question tbat rich deposits in minerals are to be found in different parts, of the island. The whole of the west and ' north- west abound in gold and tin, be sides other minerals* and it will eventually be a very wealthy country. Its forests are un bounded, the timber being very valuable, and bas not suffered from the ringbarking craze like the forests of New South Wales. Two brothers of Dean Stanley are buried in these southern lands-'-the elder, once com mander of the Rattlesnake (after whom the Owen Stanley Mountains, N»w Guinea, are named) at North Shore; the younger in that very peaceful resting-place at Hobait. A letter has been received in Adolaide stating that K ite Kelly was killed in trying to mount a restive horse.. Tbe Great Stallion Trot for -£2000-, the best three heats, came off on the Rochester course, New York, and was won by a horse called Alexauder, by Ben Patchen. 