COUNTRY SKETCHES. CAMPING OUT. Bt ah Old Colonist. Camping out ia a situation which admits of an infinite range of variety, according to' the circumstances under which it place. , It ranges from a pleasant episode of a picnic party brightened by nbvelty, agree* able company, ana every kind of pailutivei to a mere brief ceBaation of the moat terrible toil jnat suspended during the hours of darkness to be resumed again with returning ]'Rht/ delightful when it takes the form of gipsying for a day or two. with a bright company of both sexes, spend ing a too-short holiday in the woods of Fern shaw, with their tents or tilted vehicles pitched in a ferny dell, the time being spent during the day in rambling under the giant trees, collecting ferns in the gullies, finding views on the hill-tops, and losing themselves, happily always in assorted couples, in the lonely paths. However the day is spent, m evening all gather again round the cheery fire, and make the forest vocal with the sounds of rippling laughter and merry voices, while the wavering light tuckers up among the columnar trunks of the mighty trees, upward towards the dark canopy of boughs which the Bolemu stars Biieptly glance through. From this there is an immense step to the camping out of the famished and thirsty wayfarer, or of the worn and weary explorer struggling forward against all kinds of opposing difficulties, heroically, but half despairingly, pushing on into the vast unknown desert; now, though footsore and exhausted, for a while as he rests on the ground finding relief in the cool ness of night, in the refreshing dews which visit him, although he knows that the fierce sun and bnrning neat will beat as cruelly as ever again to-morrow. To many of us old colonists probably our firet camping out in the Australian bush remains in our minds as a pleasant re miniscence. And especially to those of us who had before been dwellers in cities, and to whom, therefore, it came with the greater novelty. There was in thoBe early days, when we and the colony were both young together, a sense of romance in the air which brought out the picturesque in everything aronnd us. vie were taking our first step, perhaps, towards the diggings; on the road, so we fondly thought in those days to adventure and certain fortune. I can now remember well our first camp at the end of the day's walk from Melbourne. We had trudged, swag on back, across the hot and dusty Keilor plains, and now at evening we had found a resting- place on a hill by the roadside rail in view of the Mount Macfidoo. ranges. These, which early in the day stood on the horizon solid and bine, were broken np by proximity into a linked mass of hills, all softly tinted with the violet light of sunset. Every thing we saw, the toil and weariness we had to undergo, all were gilded by the radiance of nope, and we brought to our work a sense of elasticity and expectation which made all romantic and delightful. Or iB it only that it seems so to us now, as we look back on it as <*t lies batbed in .the silvery moonshine of. recollection? To descend fully into the depths of-the sensations 'attending on camping out, you must be alone, you must be lost, yon must have reached night after a long period of wearyt aimless ramblings, and yon moat be canopied by a cloudy sky, with no guiding star visible to aid you in determin ing your position or your future direc tion, and with your sense of the points of the compass utterly, hopelessly gone. The consciousness that this is the case is a painfully embarrassing one, quite destructive to all self-confidence. It takes the mental foundation from you. The bewildered, hope lesB puzzle in which a person so lost is found to be is very curious to witness. Once that Btate is reached it requires much time and care, under favourable conditions, before the lost balance is restored, before the habitual self-possession is regained, and before one again acquires what phrenologists call the Bense of locality. 1 was never fairly loBt, but I was once bushed with a companion when overtaken by night in bad country, when we could not make our way, and got farther astray by rambling in the dark. It was in the depth of a very cold winter, and the ground was saturated with water from the snow which had fallen a day or two before. We managed to etrike a light with difficulty. My companion's flint and tinder-box was wet, and so were my matches, but the last match m the box was a broken one, whicb had kept dry, and it secured ub afire. It is Bingular that an acquaintance of mine had an exactly similar experience in getting a light by tbe last match of adamp box when camp ing out jn bad weather. Though we got our fire we fi&d; no Bnpper, but we kept ourselves warm till morning, and my mate, a veteran busbman, bad some trouble to keep me from crawling too close, to the fire in my Bleep, as I shrank from the bitter winds and the driving sleet which fell at intervale. Early in the morning we climbed a conical hill close by, and from its top eaw the enn rise, gloriously kindling all the hills and mountain masses with crimson and golden fire, and saw also the 12 miles or so of ranges over which we bad to clamber to reach our home and onr breakfast. I can remember also tbe first night--1 then beingquite a new chom—when I beard the .bowling of packs of wild dogs. **wijh blusterous night, and in lulls of tbe wfnd their, long-drawn dismal howls, one .after (mother taking np the demoniac strain, each seeming to expirees tbe misery and deepair of a condemned spirit, ohilled our blood and caused our flesh to creep. We badno idea what was the cause of . the un earthly yells, and had a faint notion that they must come from people lost in the forest, bnt were afraid to respond to them. . There is, or there used to be to me, a pecu liarly Iomori. sensation in camping out alone on tbe edgeof a vast plain, over which I bad bean slowly riding for the whole day. I had passed water alittle way back, and had got water formyealf and horse, and now camped underthe; first of ths sheoak trees in the belt of..wood which ■ here streaks the plain. Hero I may notice that a wayfarer •cross -a level, smooth - plain most have soma object,; a rock, a tree,a stump, or a meek to stay at—something to fix a point at which he canpause. ■- You cannot atop in in «nita spacer to stop implies some mark by yhioh yon know, that you are stopping, and failing any such you keep trudging on. The plain is now darkened by evening slowly dosing in, and the distant low ranges, which an hour ago were glowing like molten iron under the setting sun, now lie .bold and bleak Sainstthe vwttgee of the pale green light o! e western iky. Pale sure come out hesi tatingly* and again fade away* Ghill, wander ing ain come <up from the shadowy plain, whispering ghost-like over the dry. grass, and the whisper becomes a wall when .thiey paw tbroughthe needle-like leaves ofthesbeoak tire*- Tbese are the moet plaintive of all Nature a carps. Their tone, must be heard, to realise the depth of pain- and nuaeiy to Which in them Nu.»in —must be heard, audheardi^nda 1 oonditions. These conditions recline on the ground dtomi^K "I 5*8. bjr a eeneiof U(ffl^^Hb3l A b' *!>• coming on of^kht0 J the feeding of the v&fet; Wh crowed which te Lw 5^1^^1J and niRht, and above all by tS?biLftj of thoee melancholy trees. i. jV6^ senses are beoomimf i^acuVJfel ih«t^C°-0uJnervotIB ^wwion, or Si that the whispers over the gtaa* n«L9 op as plaintive moanTf85?uE*J shrouded plain, and that thevnn.r.® 5 k? through the trees t I °ake T!f3 my blankets, and in the viewof US tod r*olntely fit my attel on the cheery cropping-of the shm* hi by ojr horse, as he feeds round Jh3 miSS' J?pRrti?8tome a comfortabiSj ment of companionship. aD191 But still the deepest pathos of ft,* J tion is not yet reaped. It wmw fnl hour of faintest daybreak, whS th. I wan, timid Btreaks of light amS^I in the east, and the dim hills awakJ gaze vaguely at the long, uncerteiS fl„3 mg straggle for mastorfim SI mental forces of night and day. w3 then able to see what a painful time of l3 and throe le that which precedes the k;3 every day into this world. We the® J once for all a sense of the energy andJ and strain necessary to lift the dead! world back to light and lite again. The'1 tacle enables ns to understand thefeelinl onr primeval ancestors, who figured it J etornal strife between gods and dsmial beings of thesuperior and the nether wl It is unintelligible to us that our al ancestors regarded the birth of dav «1 raculous. but we are not entitled to cril their conception nnlew we see the sir J onrselves. If we see it, and see it under3 turns as nearly approaching theirs as we J as I do now alone in this vast bare J rimmed in with low dusky hills, then w3 realise what a great epic of warfare of1 and demonB, or as we now say of eleml forces, is enacted without our know! every morning in this commonplace J where™ daily take the ieBue all for «J With a reference to one night, which 1 vividly remember, I must conclude 1 rambling observations on camping out. ] had Btopped onr horses late in the wi J afternoon, near the base of the lofty 81 loaf hill, crowned with craggy rocksl pinnacles towering up with their all mantle of gumtrees, and their under-ves J of ferns and mosses, looking altogether the rams of a fortress of old time. The 1 try was all sodden with the long and ll rams, end it was difficult to find a solid1 to camp on. We camped under a low J darkening sky, made our fire, got oufl and thought we would soon turn intfl cosy blankets in the tilted dray. Butthl moon, which rose obscured by tha shrouded sky, soon grew to assert its <1 exhibited power of clearing the heavens! cloud. The cloudy canopy lifted, brokfl floated in snowy fleecy masses, and u9 away, leaving the moon sole regent al whole azure dome from horizon to ho! Soon after night came on we heard oJ barking at one of hiB natural enemien opossums. We were lads, full ofa instinct of sport, and taking our a from the cart we went in the ! tion of the barking. We soon ch! down the email tree in which! opossum was, and onr dog seized ifl killed it with a shake almost H the tree touched the ground. Inl way—sometimes by .cutting the tree <■ sometimes by climbing up and shakinfl animal out—we passed away the ev9 gratified the rage of onr dog againsfl opossums, and accumulated & stock ofl for him that wonld last a week. In ■ from tree to tree we often had to pass tfl little hollows, along which was flown drainage stream, and the ice-cold watefl sometimes nearly up to onr knees. Atlfl we returned to onr camp, the fire of iH burned dimly red on the low Bpur! the hill Before turning in we ! ronnd on the scene. The dew-begen grass was covered with a misty ■ the reflection from tbe beams of! bright moon now rising triumphantly hi! the midnight sky. Under the floa silvery radiance, the bare rocky top <! bill above qb stands out in clear relief! tbe bine Bky, and every minutest del! cock or tree is distinctly visible, the l! on the forest trees being motionless,! glistening in tbe still night air, and the A is one of loneliness and peace. Whn rise early in the morning a change has p! over tbe face' of things. There has bt bitter frost. The grass is hard and and covered with a pallid, chilly-lo mantle of rime. Oar horses stand coll disconsolate, waiting for their breakfast, we find that, like careless bushmen, w onr wet boots oat near the fire lasti and now they are frozen hard, and we to go about barefoot in the frozen till we can pick np wood and kindle a 1 thaw them. Bnt tbe alchemy of youth all of these uncomfortable conditions sources of fun and laughter. This was more than 25 years ago, am the changes since then. The country i we recklessly ravaged the forest i now fenced into paddocks of grass or ( The rock-crested cliff-ramparted bill is' kind of appendage to a publichouse, a advertised as an attraction to tourist picnic parties. The neighbouring n tain view of Mount Maceaon, then co with dense forest, is now a ruin and a w on which only a few gaunt, blasted, wni trees stand like giant skeletons to what had once been. And tbe two lads into men, and one the other day follows other to a colder end stiller resting than that of their camp that ftosty under the moonlight-silvered rock. 