WHAT OUR EYES SAW OUS EARS HEARD, OUR NOSES SMELT. FRO It GOULBURN TO DUBBO AND BACK. Gouiburn, Monday, 27th June, 10-40 ft m. -Jumped into Mitchell's 'bus at the corner of our attractive Mechanics' Institute, and our first'exchange of salutations urns'with the Rev. Father Birob, with whom in 1872 wo travelled on the briny deep from Plym outh to the longtitude and latitude of !ho last eceno of the ill-fated s.s. " London." Wo voyaged then on our loss ill-fated " Atrato," aod thon, iu 1872, undor a heavy sea, were washed overboard five men, some two of whom were fortunately washed hack on to deck and saved.' Our main shaft, insuffi ciently welded, ; had previously snapped asunder and ; all steam-power suspended, : and turning haolc to port under . " roigut " canvass and croaking fears of near approach! to " Davie Jones' locker" (an unpoliBhed term for death.) Then, too, we thought in returning to Plymouth that the very appari tions of the s.8. London must have been in conspiracy with those of the unfortunate s.s. Atrato.; Wo seemed to be haunted with ghosts,, Father Biroh's. cabin being ap proximate to ours we occasionally exohangpd hospitalities, notwithstanding that next to our cabin we had two charming, ladies who formed part of our party. Well, this is a , digression. . As we got into the train at 11 a.m. the Anglican Bishops of Goulburn and Bathurst formed part of the company from Goulbum «io ;Parramalta. All went on smoothly till wo got to Marulan. Then a mother, a grand-father, and a grand-child joined our choice selection forming a band of brotherhood of kindred spirits. Con versation bore upon the coal mines of the future near, Goulburn and the forward state of the Berrima Goal; Company (limited) ; also the blessodnesB of the large loans taken up by our Government for opening up the rich resources of the oolotiy in railway ex tensions, "particularly the extension to Gootna, benefitting Bungendore, Braidwood, Queanboyan, and tlie. selections, on either aide. Wo thought that in August next, should Mr, Lackey be able'to accept an in vitation with the Goulburn and Argyle members, also; the members for the elec torates extending to the Monaro district, in formally opening the new and' handsome structure of the Goulburn telegraph and post office, he no doubt would give some reliable information of the intentions'"of the department iu calling tooders for this parti cular extension of railway forthwith. j Dubbo, 1st July,-Got here last Wed nesday. , The olimote'is very agreeable after, the severe cold of the Goulburn nights, a profitable ? dilferenae ' of ; some 1500 feet. Nothing much struck us on our way rejoic ing.from' Parramatta junction to this little rising Dubbo. , v At tfio Granville junction, the gentleman's lavatory (for want of a better name) did not ploase our eyes and noses, as well as the average of such necessaries along the line. The excuse the porter gave was that the approaching improvements for that Biation would bring'about a sanitary ohange. Our sleep was more thau a little interrupted from Bathurst to OrangBby a mother failing to sit'erect, falling asleep, and . her baby fumbling'out of her arms with such force on the foot- boards that its little nose bled | profusely, and its voice also became speoially aotive; and no soonor had the little angel Igot pacified, although; severely bruised, than Amy, a sister of about nine years, old, not on the perpendicular (like, her .sleeping: mother), but horizontally fixed on the op posite soat, fell on the hard boardo, and. discovered, like her predecessor, that , the boards were less yielding than, her jftice.; Hence we had a seoond edition of crying ; music and Bobbing. And this little farnilv' had to prooeed some 300 miles by. coach, beyond Dubbo, in order to get to their Mbroud-earner." : i Saturday, 2nd July, .2.-. .p.m.-Just had dinner of nutritious soup and boiled .mutton, with a second dish (the name of which we were obliged to ask the carver information on-divided oxtail st6wed), finishing with cheese and salad, all wholesome j and, as in the days of the Pentecost,' we eat our meat with gladness of heart,- and strictly obeyed the injunction, ." After dinner sit awhile.'.' Yesterday, things differed ; then, at our. evening meal, one of the oompany, not an ultra teetotaller; was asked if lie would take sausages'or,cold beef P His be olouded sight and; imperfeot "hearing ,/jwb tem.J permitted a laxity: of idea ; hence, he replied, " Af-little stealc,. air." Well, the sausages wore the 'nearest to the colour of the imaginary steaks, and with the former the carver supplied the applicant's .plate, whioh were accepted and eaten aB .steaks,. Alter our frugal repast our friend was1 outside the hotel, and we a few paces insidey think ing, we heard rain, and asked if it were so. !'f Yes'; raining . very hard,"; was the .: reply, -But - walking outside, we discovered.--wind,. but no rain !<; Had'the temperance meeting in^Dubbo the same eveningibeen^fbr adults ias well as sclio'ol Children, we . might have j taken ourselves' and "Sunny"friend to* it. It- was observed when' the looal- option Vules'the licensing of publio' houses"'in'N.S. Wales (and not,far distant), ! we may. hope to ha"ve.less; inebriates, and the; hotels ^properly. lioen3ed, and not so' much ' frequented- by 'suoh"" irregulars." !r'1 Sunday, 3rd instant^ 9'30 a.m.-Went <o ]bod at long hours 'last night, 'smoking one halfpenny! cigarettetand drinking a very light mixture to Dame; whioh isi not necessary. Had a- fair night's rest j heard- the town 'clock otrike.both 6'and;7,;a.m.as well as the .sepulohral tones of,the Dubbo night watch man crying V past 6 ; o'olock,, ull.well,""ra-. minding us of the London watchman" in the. days of yore. . On .rising had a> bath and then .breakfast; strolling round" glanced 'at the back' premises oi the-hotel'with as muoh' unooooern as the Goulburn. iuspeotur- of ?nuisauces; looks 'out :iar- cliaota and'baok yards to oleanse.' The sanitary portion';here Ja'behipd 'Goulburn ;v a . apaoe big ' enough for an under-ground tank is thought ai necos 'sary appendage for rejected .'filth. It. might. be-well;for the Dubbo council clerk; to-write; jto Goulburn'for; a; oopy *of ourj byo7luws bearing'on the' sanitary question "and" got a .wrinkle.Our nosos 'made$ no -''protest, <.. but ideoidedly objeoted to any; oomplimpntsi (and ?.otirbyes saw^.in;some.' of > thel? apartinenta.; an ?injurious exclusion'of'light: which5-might be 'remedied without!injury, -by; sawing off' six .'inchoB frbim'the t'op of some of the doors of 'tho,1, numerous, out "houses. ,Thoj',!surface' jdraipageiwas admissible. < j| ^ ' from; ohurchijiiWe' ' triod'a'nonooufdrmisii/plftcejtof^woraHipfiii^ tbo fnraucon'called', by its supporters a church, fur the word was luckily out into tho etuuu over tbo purcb, or wo 'should li.sve 'thought tlio word chapol more than " sufficiently fluttering appellation for tlio structure-a flagrant prostitution of the Cluoon's English. The text of, the lay preacher was "Remember the sabath day, &0,, aud it was well argued that no remote sense should be attached to the words any more than, to otlinr injunctions of the decalogue, 'such as "Thou shall not steal," &o.; ; at their Sunday school 75 names ou tlio roll ; attendance 45. In the evening we tiled"to uttend the Presbyterians, but found them fihut up. Theii ns a last resort we found tho "crowd" round tho Church of England ; wo ontered at tho lower door ; saw a .Q-uulburn gentleman in tho choir, and as no verier came forward wo asked him if wo could take any vacant, pew ; answered in tlie affirmative we paced up to : abou? tho centre and wore soon honoured 1 by the presence of two lady seal- holders; ttien we moved on our 446 muscles (the estimated number in tho human frame) a little, making room for two moro ladios. jTho congregation was largo and respectable, and tho church well lighted up, : The young Roy. Evangelical operated apparently to the edification and profit of his audience, on tho text-" And yet there is room." At its first utterance we took a worldly application, and thought how comforting--for in Dubbo there appeared to us no room-aud we 'came here particularly for room ; tho Mayor ?took up the collection on our side. No one could reasonably « have loft the 1 ohuroh dissatisfied. AH tho surroundings looked in every senso healthy anil brigJit ; possibly the wousbippors went rejoicing on their way homewards-after any further domestio or private duties adopting the reflections of the exemplary Pythagorians who wroto and praotieed, it is said the fallowing wholesome rule at the close of tho day : " Lot not soft slumber close your oyes, ? Before you've reoollected thrice.;; ; The train of action through thu day J Where lmvo iriy fout clioau out their way ? \VhotJhaTo I leumt, whero 'or I've boou, Krorn «ll I'vo hoard, frutn HII I've eoea ? What know I moro thnt'a worth the knowing? What havo I dono that's worth the doing P What have I Bought that I should shun? What doty havo I left undone? Or into what now foIIicB run ? Those self.enqulries aro tho road ? That lends to virtue and to God," Thus closing tho Babbath. Now to those of your readers whose prejudices aro hostile to these sentiments we cite the following: " Seize upon truth where'er 'tin found, Amongst your friends, amongst your foes, On Christian or on Hoathon ground ; j The flower's diviuo where'er it giows ; ? ; Neglect the priolcles, and assume the roso." : Tuesday, 7.30 n.m., 5th July.-.Took up the last Dubbo Dispatch. Were gratified to observe that the lust quarter's returns ilor Ne w South Wales from all sources of revenue amounted to the thankful sum of near one and three-quarters millions sterlibg, or over half a million in exceos of the corresponding quarter, last year 1 In lesa blessings than aro -associated with1 this, our American cousins aoross the Pacific would call for a day of public thanksgiving to Almighty God. If you stroke a dog kindly ho will lick your hand, and geese with; their: small, brains, alter a drink of wa'Or, will look up to Heaven. But man, being a "grumbling animal," special bounties are aouopted'uB rights-nor as favours. ! ' 1 !. Wednesday, 6th, 8 a.m.-Too near break fast to think out; one',a thoughts. . Attended Soliciior-Fitzliardiugo's wnddiiig yesterday at eleven. A sweet spinster of about eigh oon bt tbrtt uncommon?namn.Smith; a squatter's daughter, was tbo an»-oliu brid.i. 'lba agony took plaou.at the English Onuroh, assisted by thu pro tcm clergyman of last Similiiy,' {be Rriv. Mr. Hull'eruan, and his recent pre decessor (that morning arrived by train from Orange). . The phurch was about two-thirds full of anxious spectators.' Children emerg ing into^.ho stage of i puberty,; young ladies on the inside margiu ol mur'iiuge, and a few lui'ds ;9f crpatiou, both of the. familyand bachelor olass, constituted the august assem blage. It w.as .whispered, while tho bride groom was obeying oloriial orders in ' fixing' on the ring oa his help-mate, expressive of union'.and communion,,that that-actvwas -so grocelullyiperformedv as woll. as. giving'the first holy luss afters service, because ho'had done the same duties on a prior occasion at ; his''first:.'marriage.; i. Popa gavet the lady, away. Thebridesmaids on vacating their oarriago, and,first entering the,oburohi were presonted...witlx very charming ''bouquets. On leaving the cburoh, a considerable ex penditure of rice. on and around the happy, party took place, also while driving towards ithe oppropriate placo for the wodding broak ifaSt. \ i {. Thursday, 7th July.' Another oase of " match-muking," ocourred yesterday. This took place at the Oatholjo ohuroh->a place of worship not quite so.largo as .the English lohurclvbut forthwith the liberality aud'oere mony of laying the foundation stone is'to it'ake place. Hero, tbe.baohelor was. a well -to-do 1 storekeeper- Josoph,; Stevens, 'Esq., jabd 'the spinster 'was a MissVine,'a'olassioal Scholar or teacher in thoJOatholic Seminary. 'Witnessing tho imposing.oeremony, we we're informed :that,! the., offiuiating^olergiy ., were' 'Dr. Bryno and a Rov. Fatherj'Dunn^not of Goulbum reputation);;, /.Qur^beli'ef,being' in the rfoformedf[iohuroh:.; (.|is^iWilliam Oobbett would write)j;we could'not see why the four long candle's afcione' end of,'the altar; should |'lie burning: while,-, those in , the:,09ntre;fa"nd other . side we're not lit up., Peradv.onture only "at ; special weddings would rfhere'ibe suob " burning and shining lights," pei'hapsr typifying the,Ohuroh in cbaraoter,. Here, the church was not,two-thirds, but! throe thii'ds^fulli: The nuptial pnrty .Waa dotain'ed" for d6oum«nts> to bo road over and''signal tures to . be attaohed; bonce .we retired, but soon aflorwnrde; tho -worthy [Dr.i^Byrno,;in conversation with ono of the' proprietors of the DubbO'Dispatoh; .we: saw again»in the dissolvings crowd;' " (Q-dod>lijye ; to': Dubba woddings,' ( > ^x; ,? " % i i Friday, 8th" July,- 10 pim.^In the same local press wo observed : M Biitler'a ,tailoring establishment oponed on' SatUrday. Thore was quite inrush ,tb;see the'patterns,land tho measuring 'tnpi.^ was;s pretty busy."1' 'The young Butler who^HS charge..(if' the Dubbo branch is the onoLWlioidiies' not'wear whis kers, ' The plloged^'numbor ,'of, sheep in the Dubbo and Oanaotibdr 'aneep distriots /are. 2ifi37,343 iMifvwhich^one'i'JiamesvRiohmon'd,: of Haddon Riggs, is: put down as theMnrgestj. holder-vizrf of^lSTjB&S;^lieep I ^Tho' Ohu^p-: manB, of Lumloy ^Palrk, have,a large interest in this distriat,v , - Haturdayj^.p.ia.ijOth My.-A1-,novelty in, Dubbo'to mea:'o'f?"'tho^SiuthV,andX(thb Qoiilr. burn MoaHreozing Company in thit ol anil, ing by auction weekly, carcases of Bhoup, Imlves of pork, auil quarters of beef. Auc tioneer rosey-faced Goulding manifested bis soiling powers thus at 12 o'clock sharp to-day. His adjectives of his own compo sing, and ' of the superlative degree*, in qualifying the "prime dairy-fed pork," re suited in purchasers giving 4d. a lb,, slieep 8/- oaoh,' dressed lambs 8/- each, quarters of good-looking and sweet-smelling beef seven farthings a lb. (a farthing in advance of the previous week's sales), Every carcass or division is properly numbered. TertnB not ctish was mentioned more than once, Any left unsold is not reduced iu price to furtbir buj'ois, but held over for n«xt sale. Pub lican* and sinners generally, but chiefly the forrnbr, wore the buyers.; Hotels bore are as thick at in Wa«ga. It may be that the botelkeepers of Goulburn, in combination, may induce a Goulburn auctioneer to have ' such a sale,' say on Fridays, instead of Satur- ' days, so that oountry innkeepers in Argyle and around may come into the rising City of the South, for butcher's moat for a good Sunday's dinner, and certainly savo time ao'd money;. Now in reference to the.Post and Tolegr'nph Office Olock in Goulburn, which is iu charge of the Progress Committee, Surely the Argyle and Goulburn members oan, if supplied wilh proper application, get the same, boon as the Government gave Dubbo. The town olock bnre is not eo for midable as the clock of St, Paul's, London the sirikioeof; 12 taking, up'fiveminutea or the clock of Salisbury Cathedral,, which, when the sailor for a five-pound wager at tempted to climb to the pinacle (six inches higher than St. Paul's), not calculating on the power of the bell, the thundering Bound of which detaohed him from his hold,' and ho fell a oorpso; but still the less formidable Dubbo clock by our watch was thirty-three. and one-half seconds in striking the twelve sounds at noon,, sufficiently largo . for the population. And this olock is a goyernmeut gilt, and absolutely ' independent of the municipal couucil. At the formal opening of the Goulburn new buildings will the post and telegraph office olock bo ready ? : : Sunday, 10th July.-Attended ' forenoon publio worship. The disputed character iot > Balaam (without his ass) was carefully ex amined, and practical lessons drawn from the same. Having pre- arrangod to visit the Dubbo Hospital, an iuvitation to accept, from a successful soap manufacturer a friendly cup of tea was obliged lo be refused. The Hospital is built upon a nice elevation, about 15 minutes' walk from the' railwiay. '* station. By the couitosy of, Mr.'Yoo,' the . superintendent, we were, shewn through the various .wards. It had been built about 12 years ago. The woodun oeilings were dark and . rather low. ? The surrounding " zi'no > tanks for retaining water from the roofs not equal to one underground' brick',tank which1' is in view of being built, as funds may come ;? in. One James Biddle, aged 49, Ohuroh of ' England,, came into this hospital ' Fob.'23rd i last,'and' died five days afterwards, previ-J ously. requesting that bis relations "in Goul-1 burn Should bo communicated witti. Hia . dying'rpjshea^it was said, were carried out ! this end,! 1/ufeL.no response from" thu ^oMier. ?: For the momh of June last!-admissi^np 8 ; men and 3 women; dimnisaals-9 men and, 1 won) >n, leaving-15 intnatHS (7 outdoor p ti^nts), Wh uxolici'iged a Irion-lly greet ing with mom of the.then : patents,Wilkud round the property and fe.t thimkful.for that Christianity which introduced and sustained nuoIi humuuH . and1 ? ohirirable- institutions.' Medical attention here is confined to' one, doctor. We thought ? that our Goiillnirn Hospital was superior. Further informational we learnt was obtained at. the secretary's office in Macquarie-street,..Dubbo. We left our signatures on.the premises j^no printed! ' yearly reports were available!' "i1': i"! .Tuesday, 12th July; 9'p,m.- Left'Dubbo ' at 5.20 p.m. yesterday, and arrived' at' Pa'r ramatta at,6.8 this morning, tr«vt*llinj» about 300 miles in 12 hours and 48 minutes,'Took bod till 10.30 a.m., then a light, breakfast and bath. Afterdunch by rail' steamod into Sydney, At the railway-station, Eodfern, board and smelt a good deal.'' The disinfe'ot/1 ing fluids and deodorising:ohemioals WLere knocking' ubout to keep; the ; back, private '. >' apartments and'closets clean, checking-all « .tendencies and... aids to small-pox;: . The general small-pox talk we guess is somethings, like'the Kiama ghost-movo apparition than reality.^ The very limited iufootion. may bo tho indirect means of modifying the by-laws in to.wn and country municipalities, and in duco our. unolean mayors to read up the sound sanitary laws in the,.Third Booh of Moses, the best authority oxtant. '; At 7.30/ p.m.; we went to the House", of ^Parliament; 1 Saw the member for Goulburn, who kindly informed us of f the adjournment^"of'ffthe' J, House, and, with ai smile,"bid us go 'to 'the - Orange gathering .ati ihe tiold >' Exhibition,'^ Building. Not belonging either to oabbages or oranges, oxoept to eat them i upjv we de-v » dined the suggestion^ steamedJfhome ? again, had our weak whisky , and . lemon, dusted^ '' out. our brain's, correotedi our . refleotioiia/^ and jumped, between ^the, blankets. < ?, i ?' , f 13th July.-rln 'our journey to .Goulburn{'i wo observedrat Odmpbelltown" station- somer'i beautifully-culturod'/shfubbory.i^Will ourf""'?( aldermen who watch over jBelmore-square ? trees' think of- this 'as they; next ptass Camp-h(' belltown And'their tramway is progress-; } : ing'faster, than :(ours ,to! Crookwell.V; ^oo'd-c'r byo.to my woary journey.- « A little nonT sense? now and then is'relished by, the wisestk1' ' men." " " < / 1:"" i.,',,... i . w RELTUB''NIWDE.'i"! , f j Goulburn, 10-7-81. ... ' r' | [The abovo-was received^somo'time sinoepi-v but 'through pressure on ^br, spaoo in dealing 1 ?.w^thv.^ubjeots'^haviiig^o 'inorei'jdireot'i'1.looal-i^>'-' bearing,' we were'compelled' toehold,,it qv6P\ \ to tho prGsent*'_i3sue.- Ed. S.P^A.J/.'"-* -. -- i Tho 'wifo '6H Mr, Ttomas'GaVretV 1 . A died Inst Friday.- - . -- (On \yednosday;. a:signal:,was made from ' ! the flagsliip of'itlie squadronJ th'at on'leaving; . Port JackflonV'tho, nebt| would proooed'^to : Fiji and Yokohama."'^New Zealand-will,not be'i.visitodjiand'ithe i la'test 'report is that^.tho/ ;, ' : squa'dron'is jikely'ao remain in 'Sydne/JfoWo anothor fortnight..r, Tf7] < j JT; yi4Hrs.yDunlopi4wliori|was.'itried<ifpr the.raur der her qfjliusb'anll . r(ecen tly j n ;6oulburn^ hasr ? -v married a man named: Patriok Nash, and her sureties at.onoe had, her arrested,^declining'. , to' go bail any longer.-She- is now,,in1 «aoi, _. awaitingith'olrotnrn^o'f^siib^nsfieotor; Bri'n-^^V,; nanl'/wholis abionfctfrom2i?arajKto$$M^ 