(SlLiiillTESiFTIyliAI: Mr. EUice, whp represented the St. Andrew's Burghs fer upwards of forty years, ha3 be queathed £10 each to a number of gentlemen to buy a mourning ring in token of his grateful remembrance of disinterested friendship and support during the long period of his political connection. with their: burghB ; and he nlno be queaths, as » mirk qf remombranco, £5 each to any -.other of those ; who voted for him at his first election in 1837; ?Miss Harriet Jay, authoress of 'Tho Queen pf Connauglit' and other well known novels, it announced to appear for tho first timo aa an actress, at tho Crystal Palace, together with Mr. Henry Neville and other leading artists, Tho play selected for performance on tho occasion is tho dramatic version of The Queen of Connaught, in which Mis3 Jay will perform the part of tho heroine. Mr. S. C. Hall, so long and honorably known in connection with literature nnd journalism, has written in the Art Journal 'some wordB of farewell' on his retirement from the editor ship pf that paper, which ho ccromonced ferty two years ago. After giving an account of tho Btato of art when ho began his work, of tlia history of the journal, and of the success which it attained, Mr. Hall says : — 'I do not think the history of literature supplies a parallel casa — that of an editor commencing a publication, continuing to edit it during forty-two years, and retiring from it when it had attained vigorous ago— its value augmented, and not deteriorated by timo.' Tho Eight Hon. John Bright, M.P., has been elected Lord Eeotor of Glasgow Univer sity in succession to Mr. Gladstono, whose term of rectorship expires at this timo. Tha Conservative and independent Btudcnts started Mr. Buskin, arid he recoived 814 votes, as against 1128 for Mr. Bright. This givoa a majority of 314 for Mr. Bright, whoso votes are more than '200 behind tho number Mr. Gladstone received in 1877, when ho defeated Sir Stafford Northcote. Then, however, tho independents voted with the Liberals, whereat on thia occasion they wont with tho Conserva tives. .The editor of tho Accrington Guardian re. Iates the following annecdoto of Mr. Glad stone, told him by an Accrington gentleman, who had it direct f roiri a member of the Cabi- . not. tn Mr. Gladstone's household at Ha- ^ warden, was on old woman servant -who , had a son inclined: to go wrong. The mother remonstrated and advised her boy, but a]l to no purpose j he seemed determined pn a headlong course to ruin. At last the mother . in her desperation caught the idea that if she could persuade tho Premier to tako him' in hand perhaps tho prodigal might bo re claimed. , 'Scrowing her courago to tho striking point' — for what will a motho* not do for her child?— she approached her master and in trembling tones pro- ' ferred her request. Mr. Gladstone ? res ponded at once, and though tho affairs ol [ thd groato3t kingdem in the wprld presaod heavily uppn him, with genuine simplicity ql character ho had tho lad sent tp his study, ; when ho spoke tonder words of advico nnd remonstrance, and eventually knelt down and prayed a higher power to holp in the work oi redemption. Thia kindly action was effectual, and the lad became a reformed character. Fortunate is tlie country whoso afiairs ara guided by a man like William Ewart Glad atone. . ' . ? . ' .. ' . .Worth, saya the correspondent of tho New York World, is, as overybody knows, an Eng. ; liflhirian,': Ho is now a Frenoh citizen, and has '? two sons who look more French than English, and who havo soryed or. 'arc serving' thoit. prescribed term in 'the nrmy, Thq Parisian modistes no longer , contest Mr. Worth's superiority. Mr: Worth is a great in vbntor, arid oven at his dinner table a shooft of paper, is : often by 'his 'sido, and' on it ha' draws. designs for some new costume destined to captivate' the male sex nnd fill thoother Bex . with onvy. ? Drcaa with Mr, Worth is nGno art, worthy of calling into' oxeroiso the highest ? human faculties. He knows overybody, nnd seama ..to: bo' an nouto judge of character. Oi:. ono lady he said, ''She looks as if she wished to bo alwayB sipping poison and to ndministei largo -doBes to her frionda.' When some one elsoiwos mentioned ho, remarked, 'She is ao much done up in her. own currant jelly that ib; is.(]uitO'hopolcs3 to;approach her.' .'Not that: hia' sayings were always in' thia caustic vein—, lid; has his favorites,1 and; among them are theiAmerioau; ladies,, many of whom arehis; beat customiora. , They.ppSaesBltho raquinita: 'nguroa.'to enable him to dp justice to his art..' For'theni he.exerta.all his talont3. Ho haa. made. himself acquainted with the history and. belongings of most: of the best : known' Nevf/ York families-— perhaps; as a matter of 'caution,; for Mr.-.Worth; Iilt0;'our:old friend Dogberryy. haa;doubtleB8 , had ?.?,' his losses.' ,;.Ho;can toil: you who Mra.. So-and-so ! was; beforj. her 'm»r- jriago.'and !whetho-;her father (loft; horj.any, ;monoy,'.and: how muob hcr: husband hiia got. AUitnls sort' of information ib doubtless nm-ful to a man o£ buainess whoso bills cftunoS but b». A trifle long, for excellence in any field of life bos to be paid for. Mr. Gj -A. Sala in the Illustrated London News gives the following lively account of a lect»lring adventure before a New York 'ddierfee :— Mr. Archibald Forbes has made, it would seem, a distinct and brilliant suc cess as- a public lecturer in the United State* The first /Transatlantic address of the famous war correspondent was delivered at Chlcker Ing Hall, Fifth Avenue, New York, a very spacious salon, which would scat, I should say, Eoine 2500 auditors. I lectured there myself last December with indifferent success. 1 had dictated my lecture in the morning to a short hand writer (who charged me the modest sum of forty dollars, or eight pounds, for' taking' me) ; but when I ascended the platform at Chickering Hall I found to my horror that I had forgotten my spectacles, arid I was nnable to read one .word vt the manus cript transcribed from the shorthand irritei's notes. But there was the. audience ? thirsting for my blood, in a lecturing Bcnie; so I put my hands in my pockets and began to talk (I scarcely know about' What) ; aid when I found by my watch that I had been talking for an hour and a-half, I thanked the audience for their kind consideration, bade tnerii good-night, and went home; to bed quite happy. But the dire agonies that I had suf fered T Whenever' I found myself rapidly drifting to a dead stop, I always took care to bring in something about Queen- Viotoria- and the Prince and Princess of Wales ; and thoso affusions never failed to 'fetch' my auditors, t'made a little 'running' by reciting' the' perinltimato stanza of Campbell's 'Last Man,' but the efflux of time happily saved me from ?dopt'ng that which I had determined should be my last desperate resonrce, the recitation in csUentd of iijrbn'B 'Isles of Greece.' 'John Swinton, writing of his travels in Eng land, relates in the Sun the following unex pected, trait of Carlylo :— Wandering around the quiet environs of tho ancient town of Had dington, I am surprised at suddenly finding myself gazing upon the majestic, venerable, picturesque, ivy-clad ruins of ft Gothic cathedral of the twelfth century, built by that remorseful monarch, David I., whose splendid architectural achievements are yet to be found in so many parts of the land. The scene is bnp.'essive and inviting in the sunshine of this sdft' summer day, and the peaceful graveyard around the ruins is rich with the mortal relict of' many generations. Tho rustic gravediggcr is at work with his spade in a secluded quar ter o^., .tho grounds, and glad enough, in ' his broad Scotch dialect, to wel ? ccinie 'a visitor iri his lonesome toili The walls of the cathedral, with their ,-.' grand Gothic window spaces, and tho columns of the interior, stand as they were built seven centuries ago, but nearly all the roof ib gone, andthe sky is above you as you stand within tlje consecrated precincts. 'Hero,' says the ' grim' sexton, '' is the grave of such-fl-one, and there,- is tho tombstone of suchanother one, and yonder is the monument of that Bjcatpian'— -about whom ho tolls us a talo of weal or woo as we pass hither and thither amftng1 the mounds. Inside the Cathedral wallis tile grassy sot! is dotted With tombstones, bearing names almost obliterated by time; and tempest, and in an alcove of the wall itself is- the vault with the recum bent marble mailed efflgies of two knights or earls who were honored with a rhyming in scription frotrt the hand of King JamM I. With' prido. the sexton showed the effigies, '?'. showing also other titled names that decorate \ .tile, Spot, ' And there,' said he, while mool Ing along', as he pointed out a flagstono bearing two named, one of which was but a fW years old] 'tnere is Mrs. Carlyle's grave.' 'The . -wife of Thomas Oariyle t' I inquired. ' Ay,' .. said; he, 'ay, ay.' And I saw that it was,' and, that this was the tombstone glorified by tfi'e immortal epitaph, the finest tribute over paid fo wife or woman, in which the illusiarlous literary giant— - ' ' MlJthtlest *ten of nifffcdest mind' , Frowning majestlo on fceKe minklnd— after referring to her long years of wise and helpful companionship, says that, by her djSdfh, 'The light of his life is clean gone out.' ''Arid Mr, Garlyle,' said the sexton, ' comes here; from London now and then to see this grave. Ho is a gaunt, shaggy, weird kind of old man, looking \ery old the last time he was here.' 'Ho is 8G now,' said I. 'Ay,' he replied, ' 80, and comes here to this grave all tho way from London.' Arid I told tho sexton that Carlylo was a great man, the greatest man of the age in books, and that his name was known all over tho world ; but tho sexton thought there were other great men lying near at hand, though I told him their fame did not reach beyond the jfraveyard, aritl brought him back to talk' of Carlyle. 'iMr. Carlylo himself,' said the gravedigger softly, j 'ia to bo brought here to be buried ?with his wife, ay* He comes here lorisomo and. . nlone,' continued the gravodigger, ''when he visits' the wife's grave. His niece keeps' him company to the gate, but ho leaves her there, and she stays there for him. The last time ho was hero I got a sight of him, arid ho. was bowed down under his white hairs, and he took his way up by that ruinod wall of the old cathedral, and round there and in here by the gateway,- and he tottered up hero to tnte spot.' Softly spake tho gravedigger and paused. Softly still, in the broad dialect of the Lothians, he pro ceeded :—' And he stood 'here a while in the gram, and then he kneeled down arid stayed on his knees at thogravo ; then he bent, .over, nnd I saw him kiss the ground — ay, he kisaed it again nnd again, and he kept kneel ing, arid it was a long time before ho rose, arid tottered out of tho cathedral, and wandered through the graveyard to the gate, where his niece stood waiting for him.' ? ??? Tho Manchester Examiner thus describes Victor Hugo's home in exile :— 'If the visitor to- Guernsey wants to See the island In a hurry, he can take his sSat in one of the public can. But the best method is to walk, ' trlth no other encumbrance than a Btout stick. : Victor Hugo say b that for purposes of poetic Inspiration' a, walk In tho early morning is ad good as one Jn tho evening, and while tho traveller olimbs the antique Rue des- Cornets' aad part of another hill appropriately called HanteVille, he may meditate upon the poets tfords until he arrives opposite the poet's house to; the middle of the street lost namW' The SJ lIde* ,*? »»tWn6*»mfa*t60' tSkt ttie great 4&Utun0e;, tlnrt tWs fortress mfist Us th» aodds 6S-#mio4j- Bo5ta,orWtllier wasyforthbgrtat man lives in Paris now, and his sisterin law, Madame Chenay, and the servants are the only occupants of the place, except for a few months during the summer, when M. Hugo and his grandchildren, with their rmother and h few friends Come' over; for a 'holiday. But though always gloomy outside, 'the house was once- full of sweetness and ' light,- when Madame Hugo held a sort of little court, at which half tho genius in France periodically did homage; when the grand farceur, Alexandra Dumas, pere, used to meet the sedato Yaequerie' ; when Loekfoy dis cussed politics with Louis Blanc ; when the smoking-room rang with denunciations of ' cc mentongH qui Hal V Empire' which, would havo made the Napoleonic cars tingle ; when to bo 3 ' proscrif was to havo the entree to HauteVille House, before death had struck down every one of the family except the grandsire and tho two children who are the solo heritors of his name. Those brilliant circles meet thoro no more ? in tho words of another poet, ' All are vanished now and fled ; some are married, some are 'dead'; and the groat house is giveri up to silence, and to what those who knew it of old call desolation. Anybody is welcome to go through it for tho asking, and to visit such of the rooms as are not shut np altogether; or used by tho mem bers of tha household. Every part of tha place! beats the' impress' at the- mirid which created' 'Hernani' and 'Ituy Bias.' You feel the presence of the very spirit of roman ticism in th# sombre magnificence of the great drawingrodm, itf tite gloom of tho 'oak gallery,' filled with artirtlo treasures of ex treme rarity and value, in the diningroom with Its' waffs covered with Butch tiles; and It* great canopied chair', or rather throne, wbiah stands at one end of the table, and across which is a stout iron chain Intended to prevent any one sitting there except the ghost of the ancestor of all the Hugos, who is sup posed sometimes to preside at dinner. All the decorations' of the place might' not please' a sevoro taste, but all are eminently ch»rao tflristio of the owner, and like Hood's 'Haunted House,' the moririon is full of a sense of mystery and of awo- If the owner is not there you may be permitted to go into his private apartments, one of which, the sleeping room, is not much better furnished than a cell in Newgate or a workhorse dormitory, the simple tastes of the bcoupant being quite satisfied with a hard pallet to lie upon and such bedroom furniture as is abso lutely necessary. The other is a low room opening out on the broad leads at tho top of the house, and to literary men it is one of tho most interesting spots in the world. Here a great part of 'Les Miserables' was written. Hofe were indloted' ' Les Cha timents' and 'Napoleon le Petit,' which shooktho throne of the. 'Man of December.' Here, too, were written, wholly or in part,' 'Les Contemplations,' 'LaLegende des Siedes,' 'Les Travaillenrs do la Mer,' 'L'Homme qni Rit,' ' Quatre-vfngt-treize' and othsi1 works, some of which have yet to be pub lished, and which, with all their faults of ex travagance in manner and sentiment; and too often of mere annotation, have gained for their author the foremost place among the literati of bis time. The room is little More than a garrflt. ' Books '. are piled np anyhow against tho walls, and a few pen-and-ink sketches by M. Hugo hm^lf; one ' representing a dead smuggler hanging in chains from a gibbet, ok described In 'I/Homm'e dui' Elt,'' ore the Sole decorative feature* of the place. l'rtini the leads outside,' which1' form* ft' Jtomenade all round the bouse th« vie* is taaanificont. Below, on the left, is tne town 6f Bt. Peter Port and the harBof, alive fa the sntmrier with yachts aad saHnteboats. Fariwaj' are the Casquets and Alderaeyi and tearer the islands of Harm, Jethon afld Sork, with, be hind them, if the day is Buffidently dear to allow it to ba seen, the coast of Pr»no8j sod the eye may follow thahorizon down to Jersey, having by the time the view is inter cepted swept over! a range of more than a' hundred miles. ' ? : .-? 