_ RTJPERT GODWIN. BY THE AUTHOBOF AUDWrt SECRET," «AURORA FLOYD, GSO* CHAPTER XLL SILENCED. After the discovery of the deadly nature of that draught which Rupert Godwin had attempted to administer to the unconscious invalid, a dull stupor seemed to take possession of Julia's mind. ... The horror of her thoughts was to tumble for endurance. The brain almost gave way beneath its burden. The heart which until now had throbbed with love for this guilty father was well-nigh broken by the knowledge of his crime. . . „ "A secret assassin—a midnight poisoner ! thought the miserable girl, as she brooded over the events of the past few days. "iiad bis crime been of any other nature, had his «uilt been the consequence of a moment s violence, the iatal act of sudden rage, I could have pitied and forgiven him. But how can I pity the criminal whose treachery hides itself beneath a smile ?" She paced up and down the room, her hands clasped before her face, maddened by the thoughts which distracted her over- tasked brain. " And all my life, all my life, I shall have keep this hideous secret hidden in my breast! Day after day I shall see my father smiling upon people who, were I to reveal what I know, would think the story of that night the wild delusion of a maniac. I can understand now why my brother could never happy in this house—why there was always gulf between him and my father, a yawning gulf of distrust that was almost hatred. My brother's iustinct revealed to him that fatal truth to which my love has blinded me. He saw that my father was unworthy of a son's affection, and he ran away from a home whose atmosphere was hateful to him. Ho knew what I could not understand. He knew that was the stifling atmosphere of falsehood and hypocrisy." All that day Julia remained in her own apartments. Mrs. Melville came to her and entreated to be admitted; but the girl was inflexible and refused to see anyone. " I am Buffering from a headache," she said, opening the door a little way, in order to speak to the widow, " and all I want is undisturbed quiet. My brain has been over-excited by the anxiety of the past few days. Pray do not ask to see me, dear Mrs. Melville. I shall be infinitely better if you leave me quite alone." The widow was really alarmed by her charge's conduct. She went straight to Mr. Godwin's study, and informed hiui of what had passed. But, to her surprise, she found the banker almost indifferent upon the subject of his daughter's illness. This man, who was known to be so fond and devoted a father, seemed to-day as if he scarcely understood the communication that was made to him respecting his idolized child. " She is ill, you say V' he muttered im patiently. "Yes, yes; I thought she seemed ill this morning when I saw her. I don't wonder. Her mind seemed affected, I fancied, begin to fear that the fever from which Mr, Wilton is suffering is contagious. I shall take Julia to Brighton with me to-night." " I should imagine it would bo very wise to do so. The dear girl is far too sensitive to be exposed to the excitement and anxiety of sick-house," answered the lady. " I will go at once and make arrangements for the journey. You will require me to accompany you, I conclude, Mr. Godwin 1" " No !" exclaimed the banker, turning upon her almost angrily; " I shall require no one, You were asking mo the other day for permission to pay a visit to some friends in town give yon that permission now, and I will write you a cheque for a half-year's salary in advance, if you wish it. My daughter and will go alone to Brighton, and this house will be shut up and loft in the care of Mrs. Beckson." "And Mr. Wilton?" asked Mrs. Melville wonderingly, " Mr. Wilton's comfort and safety will be provided for," answered Rupert Godwin impatiently. " And now, Mrs. Melville, I must wish you good-morning. I am very busy." - The banker had been standing all this time at the door of his study. He closed it now, leaving Mrs. Melville bewildered by the strangeness of his manner. Her bewilderment would have been even greater had she seen him standing in the centre of the room, with his hands clasped about his head, staring vacantly at the floor. " The net is closing round me," he muttered l " it is closing round me. The meshes gather about me thicker and thicker—the web grows tighter; aud I shall find myself bound hand and foot without hope of escape. My daugli ter suspects me. How or why she has learut to do so, I cannot conceive; but she suspects. Another spy, whose Hps mustbesealed; , another creature whose every word I must fear! Surely she would not betray me! Mb, no: she would not betray the father whom she has loved, unless the hideous secret escaped her in the ravings of delirium. I have to guard against that danger as well as evety other. O, what a life!—what a life! The hand of the avenger is upon me: it pushes me on to wade yet deeper in guilt; but at the end of aU what do I see? Security? No; there is no security for the wretch whose secret is once known to any mortal but himself." Then, after a pause of blank terror and dismay, Rupert Godwin lifted his head with au impetuous and defiant gesture. "Bah!" he exclaimed; "I am a coward and a fool to-day. What was my intellect given me for, if not to triumph over meaner men? The world is still with me. The dupes and fools still trust the wealthy banker. Who would believe Rupert Godwin is an assassin—a thief—a baffled poisoner? No; I will not despair because that young man has fathomed the secret of hie father's murder —I will not despair even though my own daughter suspects my guilt. The odds may be against me; but if the game is to be a desperate one, I will not throw away a single chance." A servant opened the door of the library. In a moment Rupert Godwin's brow cleared. He was himself again; or rather, he resumed once more that false and smiling semblance which he presented to the world. " Well ?" he demanded. " Are those two gentlemen here ?" "They are, sir," answered the servant, ushering in two gentlemen. One was Mr. Granger, the doctor from Hertford; the other was a little fat man, with pale flabby face and sandy hair. There was cunning expression in his reddish-brown eyes, and a physiognomist would have perceived the signs of a brutal and cruel nature in the low receding forehead, the thick lips and massive jaws. This pale-faced, sandy-haired man wore the orthodox costume of a medical practitioner, and exhibited that expanse of spotless cambric which is generally supposed to be the outward indication of that highly-prized grace—respectability. He seated himself opposite Mr. Godwin, while the Hertford euigeon stood near the window. The sandy-haired man called himself Doctor Wilderson Snaffley, and he was the proprietor of a private lunatic asylum, on which he had bestowed the romantic appellation of "The Retreat." He had published several pamphlets on the efficacy of a paternal indulgence in the treatment of lunatics—pamphlets in which the pages quite bristled with Latin quotations. " I little thought, when I saw your advertisement in The Times some weeks ago, that I should ever be under the necessity of appealing to you for assistance, Dr. Snaffley," said Rupert Godwiu; " but I regret to tell you that I do require your services. A young man, who is a kind of protege of my daughter's, something of an artist, employed out of charity to mount some drawings of my 6on's, has been seized with a fever, under which his mind seems entirely to have given way. Mr. Granger will tell you that he has been treating this young man for fever only; but the malady appears to have its seat in the mind, or at least mainly there. He has therefore come to the conclusion that this is a case requiring quite another course of treatment— he hascome to the conclusion that this unhappy young man is mad." I beg your pardon, Mr. Godwin," interposed the surgeon; " but I must remind you that the suggestion of madness first came from you." Did it?" asked the banker carelessly. " Well, it may be so—my memory is not quite clear upon that point. The first direct suggestion may have come from me; You medial men only deal in hints and inuendoes. You are so abominably cautious. Indirectly you suggested the idea of mental disease; for I have been much too busy to give this unfortunate young man's case any serious consideration." Certainly, certainly," said Dr. Snaffley, in a slow ponderous way, which, like his spotless shirt front, seemed indicative of extreme respectability—a kind of social solidity. " Your duties, sir, are no doubt multifarious. We are aware of the onerous duties of such a position as yours, Mr. Godwin." You are very good," replied the banker. " But, however busy I may be, I must see that this young man is properly cared for. It is quite clear to my mind that he is mad. There seems no doubt as to the lamentable fact. Whether there is hereditary madness id this case I know not; for the unhappy man is a mere waif, without friends or connections, so far as I can understand, and quite penniless. I know nothing of his past history ; I only know that my daughter picked him up, almost starving, at a printseller's in Regent-street, where be was offering some drawings for sale, and that ho has been employed in this house ever since." " Very creditable to Miss Godwin's benevolent nature, I am sure," murmured Dr. Snaffley. " Under ordinary circumstances, this young man would of course be handed over to the proper authorities, to bo treated as a pauper lunatic. But I cannot suffer that. My daughter has chosen to undertake a work of bencvolence—the rescue of a fellow-creature from destitution and despair. Whatever the cost to myself, I am bound to carry out that work to its furthest limit; so if this young man's mind is indeed gone, as I regret to say I believe it is, I am prepared to place him under your care, Dr. Snaflley, and to offer you whatever remuneration you may think fair and liberal." The doctor bowed. His cunning brown eyes twinkled with gratification at having secured another inmate for the peaceful and delightful home which he called the Retreat ; but he dropped his eyelids, and affected disinterested feeling. " I am ready to servo you, Mr. Godwin," he said; " and in serving you it is very pleasant to serve also the cause of humanity. Your noble offer to protect this friendless young man is indeed worthy of a Christian. Let me see him. My friend here, Mr. Granger, is prepared to give a certificate, I believe," " Yes," answered tho surgeon, shakiug his head mournfully; "I am really very sorry, but I am afraid there is no doubt about the case—the young man is mad. Tho rooted delusion, that morbid idea about an imaginary murder, can only result from madness. The lever has got under, but the hallucination still remains. There are ail the symptoms of insanity." Rupert Godwin sighed heavily. " It is very sad," he said. " My poor Julia will feel it deeply, for she had such a high opinion of the unfortunate young man's talents. I trust that you will bring tho calmest deliberation to bear upon this case, gentlemen, and that you will decide nothing hastily." The banker rang a bell, and ordered a servant to conduct the two medical men to the invalid's apartment. The two men left him—one impressed with the generosity of his employer, the other delighted at the promise of profit. Dr. Wilderson Snaflley was an unprincipled adventurer, who was a disgrace to the science which ho made subservient to his own schemes. He was a man who throughout his life had enriched himself by preying upon the weakness or trading upon the wickedness of his fellowmen. Tho Retreat wasa kind of tomb, in which guilty secrets could be very easily hidden; and some of the mysteries buried within those dismal walls were terrible ones. Dr. Snaffley was the last man to be deceived by hypocrisy, for he was himself an accomplished hypocrite. He penetrated the pretence of generosity beneath which Rupert Godwin sought to conceal his real purpose, and he perceived that there was some mysterious reason for the banker's benevolence towards a stranger. " I understand," ho thought, as he followed the servant upstairs. " I have only to keep quiet, and I may make this business very profitable. One thing is perfectly clear: Mr. Godwin wants to get rid of his young friend." Dr. Snaffley entered tho room, while his fellowpractitioner waited in an adjoining apartment. Lionel Westford was lying in au uneasy slumber; but he was awakened by the entrance of the doctor, and opened his eyes in a wild wondering stare. The proprietor of tho Retreat seated himself in an easy-chair by the bed, and laid his hand softly on tho wist of the invalid. Lionel looked at him, and then turned away, murmuring some low incoherent words. The doctor bent over him, listening intently; but the young man's mind had gone back to the scenes of his early youth. He fancied himself a student once more, amidst light-hearted companions—now at a boat-raco, now at a wine-party. His feeble voice had a strangely melancholy sound as it strove to shape itself into a jovial shout or a cry of triumph. "Brazenosewins!" lie cried; "ten to one upon Brazenose! Bravo! Brazenose!" Tho doctor know that his patient was acting over again the scenes of a University career. "Ha, ha 1" thought ho; " this nameless, friendless, penniless young man has been educated at one of the Universities. That looks rather strange, Mr. Godwin. We shall find out something more by-and-by." He kept his place by the bedside, listening intently to Lionel's half-broken words. Presently the young man started up from his pillow, erect as a dart. " Murdered !" he cried. " My poor father —my brave, noble-hearted lather murdered by the hand of a villain, in the cellars below the northern wing!" Dr. Wilderson Snaffley's flabby face was always pale, but it grow livid as ho listened to tnese words. "The cellars below the northern wing," he muttered ; " why the man is talking of this house! I knew that there was a mystery. Murder! That's a big word. So, Mr. Godwin, you seem to -want my services very badly. People do not send their friends to the Retreat for nothing. A private madhouse is rather expensive—an expensive luxury; but when people want to get rid of a troublesome acquaintance, they don't mind coming down liandsomely." Again tho doctor bent over the patient, and listened breathlessly. The young man had Mien back upon his pillow, and lay prostrate and exhausted. For some time the silence was only broken by incoherent murmurs; and then Lionel spoke once more of the northern wing, the cellar-stairs, the foul deed that had been done in that accursed spot—all in broken sentences; but the doctor had been accustomed to listen to tho ravings of a maniac, and he knew how to put those broken phrases together. " My father's blood !" exclaimed Lionel, in a hoarse whisper. " Yes, father, I saw the traces of that blood spilt by a murderer's hand. Hut the crime shall not go unpunished. Yes; your son shall track that guilty wretch to the gallows. Rupert Godwin—Rupert— her father!" It was such broken sentences as these which Dr. Wilderson Snaffley heard as lie bent over the prostrate form of the invalid. He saw that Lionel Westford was suffering from brainfever, and that his mind was distracted by the memory of some deed, the discovery of which had been the chief cause of his illness. The proprietor of the Retreat was able to discover what the simple Hertford surgeon had been utterly unable to understand ; for to him the idea of any guilty deed done by Rupert Godwin seemed so utterly preposterous, that he attributed Lionel's persistent accusations to the ravings of insanity. Dr. Wilderson Snaflley liad made a fortune by the crimes of other men ; and he was only familiar with the darkest and most hideous side of human nature. He was ready to believe anything. Cunning, false, designing, ho knew how to turn guilty secrets to his own advantage without betraying his knowledge of them. He went downstairs presently, leaving his fellow-practitioner to enter the sick-chamber alone, and form his unbiassed opinion as to the condition of the patient. Dr. Snaffley found Rupert Godwin in his study. By no look or gesture did the banker betray impatience or uneasiness ; and yet the doctor knew very well that he was both impatient and uneasy. " Well, doctor," he said," is there any hope for this poor young man 1" Tho doctor shrugged his shoulders and pursed his lips. " It is a very difficult case," he said; most critical case. I never met one at all resembling it. I can only see one chance of cure, and that is v^ry hazardous." " What is the nature of this one chance 1" " I will tell you. This young man appears to be possessed with a monomania—a single delusion. Once dispel that, and you may restore tho brain to its balance. Our patient has formed some idea about tho cellars below the northern wing of this house. Your servants have told him some ghastly legend, I suppose, and he has dwelt so long upon its details, that his imagination has become completely distempered by queer fancies. Now, what I think is this : Why not attempt to cure him by proving to him the absurdity of his delusion ? He fancies that a murder has been committed in one of the rooms, or in one of the cellars, belonging to the northern wing. Have a public investigation of those rooms and cellars. Call in tho assistance of the police, and let them search for traces of this imaginary murder. If there has been any foul deed done there, the secret of it will be brought to light, and that would, of course, be a satisfaction to you, as owner of this house. If not—if this horrible story is only the invention of a distempered brain, there is every chance that, when the young man has witnessed a practical investigation, he will see how foolish his fancies have been, and tho balance of the mind will bo restored." Throughout this speech Wilderson Snaflley had kept his eyes fixed upon the banker's face. When he had finished speaking, Rupert Godwin shrugged his shoulders disdainfully. "My dear Doctor Snaffley," he said, "I begin to think that madhouse physicians do indeed catch a little of their patients' disease. Can you for a moment imagine that any revelation of the groundlessness of this unhappy young man's fancies will dispel them, and restore him to reason 1 What arguments can ever induce tho ghost-seer to disbelieve in his phantom 1 No; ho believes to the end, and perhaps dies a victim to the visitations of a shadow which he conjuresoutof his own brain." " Then you will not attempt my plan ? You will not cause any investigation of the grounds for this man's story?" "Thereareno grounds. No, Doctor Snaffley. Cure your patient if you can ; but you must devise some better means than this before you will cure him." " Be it so, then," answered the proprietor of the Retreat, still watching the face of the banker with a fixed and searching gaze. " Bo it so. I am prepared to certify to this young man's insanity; and I am willing to take him under my charge, and to keep him in my establishment, pledging myself to ensure his safe keeping. I am willing to do this; but I shall expect a liberal compensation for my trouble." " Namo your terms." " Five hundred a year." " Humph !" muttered the banker. " Are not those absurdly extravagant terms, taking into consideration the position of the patient?" " No, Mr. Godwin ; the terms are not by any means extravagant, taking into consideration the nature of the case," answered Doctor Wilderson Snaflley. The two men looked at each other. It was only for a moment that their eyes met; but llupert Godwin knew that his secret was divined hy the doctor. " Agreed," said the banker; " I accept your terms." At ten o'clock that night Lionel Westford was removed from Wilmingdon Hall to the Retreat, which was situated in a very lonely part of the country, some ten miles from the banker's mansion. He was taken away in a close carriage, lying upon a mattress. An opiate prepared by Dr. Sualfley had been administered to him; and he slept too soundly to give any trouble to those who conveyed him to his new home. CHAPTER XLIL GIRT WITH FIRE. Rupert Godwin did not quit Wilmingdon Hall quite so soon as he liad told Mrs. Melville he intended to leave it; but he contrived that tiie widow should take her departure some time before the removal of Lionel Westford by Doctor Snaflley and his myrmidons. In tho solitude of her own apartments, Julia Godwin heard nothing of what was passing in her father's house. She lay upon a sofa in her own room, not sleeping, but oppressed by a kind of stupor. She felt as though she would have been glad to die, that in the repose of Qeath she might no longer be haunted by the memory of her father's guilt. Mrs. Melville had tried to gain admission to Julia's room, but found the door locked. The unhappy girl feigued to be asleep, aud made no reply to the widow's anxious entreaties for admittance. The banker had behaved very liberally to his daughter's companion ; but, accomplished hypocrite as lie was, Mrs. Melville could not help suspecting that he must have some reason for wishing her to leave his house so suddenly. The widow thought there was something wrong, but imagiued that the banker was liarassed by some commercial difficulty—perliaps threatened with ruin ; and she considered herself fortunate iu securing an advance of six months upon her very handsome salary, when other people might lose by a bankruptcy. She left the Hall, therefore, in excellent spirits, after bidding adieu to Mr. Godwin, who promised to communicate with her as soon as he and his daughter were settled at Brighton. At eleven o'clock that night all was quiet in Wilmingdon Hall, and the banker strode up and down the dining-room, after dismissing the servaut who had attended upon him. The habits of the household were early. At ten o'clock all except the servant who waited on Mr. Godwin had retired to their several apartments. By eleven all was still as the grave; aud, pacing to and fro the large empty room, Rupert Godwin was able to contemplate his position with something like calmness. " He is safe," the banker muttered, " and will remain so while I can pay that man, who has fathomed my secret and means to profit by it. So long as I can satisfy his exorbitant claim, all will be secure in that quarter. How much simpler would have been the effect of that draught, had not some devilry interfered to prevent its being administered ! Nothing could have been more natural than that young man's death ; and a decent funeral would, have won for me the reputation of a kind and liberal patron. However, at tho worst, he is safe. The next thing from which I have cause for fear is my daughter's suspicions. She knows something; but how much docs she know I That is the point. Was hers the hand which interposed so mysteriously between that draught and the lips for which it was intended ? Was it she who baffled my plans, and put my neck in danger of the gallows ? And will she consider it her duty to betray hor father 1 These are fearful questions; but, come what may, I must know the worst. I will face this girl, hear what she has to 6ay, and learn how far she dare accuse me." The banker took one of the candlesticks from the dining-room table, and went upstairs to his daughter's room. He knocked, and waited, listening for some moments; but there was no answer. He knocked again, with tho same result. Then he spoke : " Julia," he said, in a low but resolute tone, " it is I—your father. I beg you to admit me immediately." lie heard his daughter's footsteps slowly approaching the door, and then a low voice answered, in broken accents: " Pray pardon me, papa. I cannot see you to-night. I am distracted with an excruciating headache, and really cannot see anyone." "I cannot accept that excuse, Julia; I must see you, and immediately. I command you to admit me. I insist upon knowing your reasons for this most extraordinary conduct." " Father, for pity's sake—" cried the miserable girl, in an imploring voice that was broken by hysterical sobs. "Ifyou do not unlock your door immediately, I will burst it open," rejoined the banker resolutely. He had tho desperate resolution of a man who feels that despair is close upon him, that death and danger are tracking his footsteps, and that only indomitable courage can save him from the fate he has merited. The key turned in the lock. The banker opened the door, and entered his daughter's apartment. -He shuddered, as ho stood in the presence of the girl, whose glorious beauty had been wont to shine upon him radiant with youth and happiness. To-night, he beheld the pale face of a woman whose heart had been racked with the anguish of despair. That colorless face looked saddened with tears. The dark luxuriant hair hung loosely about Julia Godwin's shoulders; her hands were locked together, her white lips trembled convulsively, as she averted her gaze from the father whom she had once loved so dearly, but whose presence now inspired her with horror. " Julia," said the banker, " I want to know the meaning of your conduct to- day. Why have you secluded yourself in this unusual manner, so obstinately refusing to admit anyone to your room V " I have been very ill." " In that case you must see the doctor. I will send one of the servants for Mr. Granger immediately." " There is no occasion. My illness is not one that can be cured by Mr. Granger. It is an illness of the mind rather than of the body." "Julia!" cried the banker sternly, "are you going mad ? There was something in your manner when you spoke this morning that was unlike the conduct of a rational being. What is amiss with you i" His daughter was silent. For a few moments she stood quite motionless, with her hands clasped, and her eyes fixed upon her father's face with a heart-rending expression. " Father," she 6aid, after a brief silence, " I had a dream last night—a dream so horrible, that it has oppressed me throughout the day, and I cannot shake it off. It clings to me still. It will haunt me till I find forgetfulness in the grave. Shall I tell you that hideous dream V " Yes, if telling it will give you relief." " Nothing can give me relief. There is nothing but misery for me henceforward upon this earth. But I will tell you my dream. I dreamt last night that the sick man lying in this house was menaced by some terrible danger. I did not know the nature of the peril; but I knew that it was deadly peril, and close at hand. I thought—guided always by some subtle instinct that was stronger than reason —I left my room in the dead of the night, resolved to watch over the helpless invalid, to save him if possible from tho danger that threatened him. 1 did leave my room, and crept along the corridor with stealthy footsteps. I went to Mr. Wilton's room, and found that the old woman who was set to watch him had fallen asleep at her post. That was the first part of the danger." " Humph !" muttered the banker, " a commonplace dream enough, and very natural one. You have troubled yourself a good deal more than was necessary or becoming about this protOgc of yours." " That is only the beginning of my dream, father," answered Julia, " you will find the end of it neither commonplace nor natural. I had not been in the sick-room many moments, when I was startled by the sound of stealthy footsteps in the corridor outside. The same instinct that had prompted me to seek the sick man's apartment prompted me now to hide— or it might be only a feeling of embarrassment at my strange position. I had no time for reflection; so, obeying the impulse of the moment, I concealed myself behind the curtains of the bed. From that hiding-place I saw a man enter the room. I saw the hand of a murderer mix poison with the medicine which \ vrBB to be administered to the sleeper. I saw j fhe assassin's face; yes, fatter, as plainly as I ;; see yours at this moment . 0, Heaven 1 bare [ pity upon me; when shall I forget the horror of that timet" h " Pshaw !" exclaimed Eupert Godwin ; I " distempered dreams like these arise from a j. disordered brain. Beware how you indulge f in them, Julia. They are the forerunners of madness. Such youth and beauty as yours Would be sadly wasted in the padded room of a private asylum. Take my advice, Julia, t..and do not give way to tbe influence of evil s dreams, lest such a fate should be yours." This advice sounded like a threat. But Julia Godwin did not quail beneath her father's stern gaze or threatening tone. -" It would be better to be really mad than to suffer as I do," she said. " Why should this dream affect you 1 It is as absurd and inconsequential as dreams usually are. What motive should anyone have for murdering your protege? Besides, how did you know that the liquid mixed with the draught was poison V " Because—in my dream—I caused tlic draught to be analyzed—or, at least, I cousulted a surgeon as to its nature, and he told tne that it contained prussic acid." " A very Btraage dream. Come, Julia, let me hear no more of this folly. I shall remove you from here to-morrow, and shall take you with me to Brighton. If I do not speedily Hud you recovered from these morbid fancies, [ shall conclude that your mind is seriously effected, and I shall place you under the charge Df a medical man accustomed to deal with mental disorder." " You would do that, father 1" asked Julia; you would declare me to be mad, and give ne over to the care of a stranger *' Yes, I would do so without a moment's lesitation," answered the banker resolutely, ' if I saw reason for such a course. Once for ill, I tell you, I will endure no folly of the tind which you have practised to-day. I know low to act when I am assailed by the morbid ancies of madness; and to prove my power to ' irotect myself from the folly of others, I will «11 you of something that has happened tolay—something that is not a dream. But, irst, come with me." Eupert Godwin led the way to the apartnent which had lately been occupied by Lionel Westford. " You see, Julia," he said, pointing to the led upon which the young mau had so lately jeen lying, " this person, in whom you take ;o much interest that you must needs dream lorrible dreams about him, has disappeared : rou will never see him again." " Great Heaven 1" cried Julia, " he is dead J ind you—you daw tell me this J" "He is not dead; but he is as completely ost to the living as if he were buried in the leepest grave that was ever dug for mortal nan. He was like you, Julia; and he had 'oolish fancies. He was tormented by some ibsurd idea about a murder—a foul deed vhich had no existence save in his own distempered imagination, but which, little by ittle, had shaped itself into a reality. Poor ellow! he could not abandon his dream, and •he end of it is, that two qualified praetiioners have pronounced him a confirmed naniac, and to-night he will sleep in that livng tomb—a private lunatic asylum. And low, Julia, you can return to your room; I liink we shall understand each other in uture; and you will trouble me no more by he relation of ghastly dreams, that are as neaningless as they are unpleasant." Once more the eyes of the father and laughter met—the girl's expression sorrowful, lespairing; the man's gaze proudly defiant, vith the defiance of a fiend. Julia did not utter another word. She urned from her father, and left the room with i slow step and a drooping head. It seemed » her as if the end of the world had come. She felt that she could not endure life now hat her father had revealed himself to ber in lis true character. And the man she loved, what of him ? u Heaven give me power to think calmly!" the murmured on her knees in her own room. < Let me plan some means for watching over aim. An impulse, inspired by Providence, enabled me to eaVe him from an untimely leath. May the Bame Providence watch over aim now in his helplessness, and enable me JOrescue him from a life that can belittle setter than death <" i * #' * * • fa Early next morning the banker went to his daughter's room to order her immediate pre- | ' jjaration for departure from Wilmingdon Hall, j r 1 ilffeIntended to take her to London by an ii !*atly train, and thence to Brighton. 1] : |l He foiind her rooms empty. Julia Godwin '} \ ^bad fled from the home which had sheltered l, 11 ther ffoin her girlhood, n j ThiB was the last blow that fell upon him '^ ^fdre he lett' Hertfordshire, and the stroke 'vrek a c^hing<® e * \- j' . - {JTotownttnued.) 