THE TOBACCO-GROWING IN DUSTRY". There seems at last a hope of the tobacco planters getting out of the clutches of the ring at whose mercy they have hitherto been placed, when disposing of their leaf in the city ; but thev have not the manufacturers to thank for any relief which is at hand. Crying abuses often work their own cure, and the merciless treatment the growers received at the hands of the few monopolists who for many years have enjoyed the manufac turing trade, has created an antidote for the evil. "Not content with fair profits, having the growers prostrate, they gave them no quarter, and bought up their leaf at prices which would not leave the poor struggling wretches enough to keep body and soul together. The enormous profits made out of the business, though kept quiet as possible at first, could not remain a secret for ever, and now that the mur der is fairly out, we have to scramble with city firms for who shall handle the lion's share of tho leaf, with companies building large storage warehouses out of the hard toil of the poor planters, many of whom have had to pledge their all to keep tlicir head above water. N othiag could be more disheartening or disgusting than for the poor growers to be told year after year that their leaf was very inferior indeed and worth almost nothing, all, the while the ring were manufacturing it into good saleable tobacco and getting a high figure for it, laughing in their sleeves atthe sharp practice they were indulging in. Competition having now fairly set in, there is not much fear that the same skinning practice can ever be perpetrated again, and better prices must rule in future. In the past, one season the growers would be told that the leaf was coarse and sweated, the next year it would be condemned as next to valueless for some other trumped-up reason ; and when ringing the changes became stale, the ring hung back from purchasing, declaring they were full up all the while they were almost cleared out, ultimately making their own terms ; and even yet they cling to their old tactics of fault-finding, and in last week's reports we find the city com mercial reporters inspired by the trade as follows : — " A few sales of leaf have been effected this week, but not at a high figure, as the leaf is not fit to store in bulk ; according to reports from many planta tions the crop is up to the average, but much of it has been injured by frosts." Not saleable at a paying price to the grower, of course — tbe wish certainly is father to the thought ; not fit to store in bulk— just so, and never will be if we may believe all the monopolists are prepared to tell us ; much of this year's crop iniured by frosts— and of course must be sold for next to nothing, if the planters are sus- ceptible to » further instalment of city cram. Verily we are surfeited with this annual mockery and fleecing operation, which up to the present has retarded a great industry for the sudden enrichment of a few, and it affords us a sigh of relief to witness the action now being taken by the growers of leaf in our own district to protect themselves against city monopoly. The existence of even a limited tobacco factory in Wangaratta had a wholesome effect upon the ring, and it.ia to be hoped the company now in the course of forma tion have for their, aim the gradual enlargement of their machinery and plant o as ultimately to be in a position to work up the entire produce of the district into' marketable tobacco, for in reality that ia the only effectual means of ensuring for tbemseirea the full profits of their industry. The latest move of the city men is the eireetion of large stores, in order that they may get s hold of the leaf, bnt we trust the company now starting will soon be in a position to put these go-betweens to one side, and store the leaf in the district. The manufacture of every pound of leaf grown in the district would mean large additional profits, and now that the growers have a fair prospect of throwing off the yoke under which iliey have for many weary years groaned, we sineerely trust they' will not rest until they have ensured complete independence. Tiiej have our entire-sympathy m the struggle, but we must warn them not to deal wills the manufacturing as a mere ghost to frighten the city buyers, for the manufac ture of 50 tons of leaf a year is uot adequate protection to the growers, nor would such limited operations be likety to yield that return to the investing share holders who are not growers that they have a right to expect. We are better pleased, however, to see the company go to w'orlc cautiously ilia:-: attempting too much at first, and running the risk of a break-down. There are already over 1600 of the 2090 shares applied for, and the balance is certain to move off' speedily, and the. company will be in a position to commence operations to work up this year's leaf as soon as they have concluded the purchase of the business curried on by Messrs Ah Catt and Co. Should the business turn out to be remunerative, the company will be in a position at the end of say twelve months to show fair divi dends, and then they can make a fresh issue of shares to enable them to enlarge their premises and add to their machinery v It is a feature in the purchase of the plant now in use that in extending operations none of tho machinery will have to be put to one side, but simply added to. The retiring firm are, we understand, prepared to invest about sixteen per cent, of the purchase money asked in shares in the venture,- which is a guarantee that they have faith in the pros pects of the company.- We wish the undertaking every success, and hope to live to see the Upper King and Wangaratta Tobacco Factory the leading establishment of its kind in Vic toria. Willi good management there is nothing to prevent it, as this district at present produces about one third of all the raw material grown in the colony, with a capability of trebling that quantity if sufficient inducement off ers. — " Dis patch." 