RUPERT GODWIN. BY THE AUTHOR OF "LADY AUDREY'S SECRET," " AURORA FLOYD," &0. CHAPTER XXVX—(Continued.) Lionel assented to this truism. He was not particularly interested in the delirious fancies of the footman's drunken cousin, but he was deeply interested in the account he gave of old Caleb. Eveiything the man said helped to strengthen the hideous suspicions that oppressed him. Why should the superannuated gardener exhibit this unreasonable terror of his master?—why, unless the shock which had dethroned his reason had been caused by some act of that master's ? Lionel asked presently: " But how was poor old Wildred seized with this brain fever? What brought on the attack?" " Well, sir, that's the queerest part of the story. You must know that most of the servants in this house, the women servants especially, will have it, foolish like, that the northern wing of the Hall is haunted. It was built in the time of the. Planpagennys, you see, sir, and from all accounts it appears the Planpagennys were a queer lot. There's not one of the women servants will go near the place after dark; and they all put down poor old Caleb's fever to his having seen some kind of a ghost." " But why so?" " Because, you see, sir, this is how he was took. One night in July,—or, let me see," said the footman, checking himself abruptly, with an air of intense conscientiousness, don't let me tell a story—was it the beginning of July, as Caleb was took, or was it the end of June ? Well, I think it was the end of June, as it might be somewhercs between the twentieth and the thirtieth. Howsomdever, as we was all a-sitting down to supper, the housekeeper she misses Caleb; and being relation, and attached to him for old times' sake, she was regular uneasy about him, and couldn't go on with her supper till she'd had him looked for. So she seuds the undergardener, and he was gone above an hour, searching here and there about the grounds. And it was nigh upon twelve o'clock at night when he found poor old Caleb—where do you suppose, sir ?" I really can't imagine." Lying in a swound, under one of the windows in the northern wing; and our people will have it as he'd been peeping through the shutter, and had seen a ghost." " Strange !" exclaimed Lionel thoughtfully. He had lingored over his dinner, scarcely eating half-a-dozen mouthfuls, so deeply interested was he in what the man had to tell him. But he could not venture to prolong the meal any further, or to ask any moro questions, lest by so doing he should excite suspicion in the mind of the servant. CHAPTER XXVIL A DARK JOURNFA'. The carriage in which Violet was seated drove at a rapid pace along the Strand; but, to the girl's surprise and terror, it did not turn aside to cross Waterloo Bridge. She was in an agony of excitement, thinking that the coachman, through mere ignorance or stupidity, had taken the wrong road, and that time, the precious time, would be lost. She pulled the check string violently ; but the driver took no notice—lie seemed to drive faster every minute. Already the carriage had passed under Temple Bar, and was making its way along Fleet-street at a rapid rate, for at this hour there were few vehicles in the City. Violet strove to open the window, and with some difficulty succeeded in doing BO. She called to the coachman, but he paid no atten tion to her cry. It might be that her voice was drowned by the noise of the wheels. Rendered desperate by the thought of her mother's illness, Violet would have tried to pring from the carriage, even at the risk of her life; but when she endeavored to open the door, she found that it was locked. She then beat violently with her hands against the front windows of the carriage. This time the coachman must have heard her, but he did not even turn his head; he took no notice whatever of her frantic summons. By this time the carriage was crossing Smithfield. A few minutes more and it was in Bishopsgate-street. Violet strained her eyes, endeavoring to discover where she was; but the neighborhood was entirely strange to her. Then a feeling of utter despair came over her. The carriage dashed on; the houses and street-lamps 6wain before lier eyes ; the tramp of the horses' hoofs seemed Hke the throbbinj of her own brain. ' Presently the houses grew thinner; there were trees and a country road—a road which seemed to go on for ever to the distracted girl, who watched it from the open window of the carriage. She felt that she was the victim of some horrible conspiracy; but she did not for a moment doubt the story of her mother's illness. Her brain was too much bewildered to ^enable her to think reasonably of the night's work. She fancied that her mother was really ill, and that some wretches, out of fiendish cruelty, were carrying her away from that beloved mother. , ' So she sat, watching the long dark roan, and praying for help from heaven in this hour of bewilderment and despair. After about two hours' rapid travelling, the carnage stopped before an old-fashioned-looking inn. It seemed as if the travellers were expected, for though it was long past midnight, a man came out of the stables directly the vehicle stopped. The doors and windows of the inn were all dark, and the household had evidently retired to rest; but the stable-yard was open, and a light was burning in one of the numerous buildings within. There was no time lost in waiting, and while the ostler removed the jaded and steaming animals from the carriage, a second man came out of the stableyard leading a pair of fresh horses. This only added to poor Violet's bewilderment. All the occurrences of the night seemed rather the incidents of a troubled dream than those of reality. She put her head out of the carriage-window, and saw a tall, slenderly-built man standing a little way from the carriage. " 0, for pity's sake!" she cried, " whoever you are, tell me the meaning of this mystery! Why have I been brought here? Is there any one in the world who can be so cruel as to wish to separate a daughter from her dying mother?" The stranger approached the carriage-window. His face was shaded by the brim of his hat, which he wore low on his forehead, and by a cashmere shawl which enveloped his chin. The night was dark, though fine, and Violet could not recognize the Marquis of Roxleydale, whom she had only seen for the iirst time that evening, and of whom she had taken very little notice. " Whoever you are, I implore you to have pity upon me!" she cried. " If you have one touch of human feeling, have mercy upon me, and take me back to London—take me to my mother!" My dear young lady," answered the Marquis, " pray don't give way to grief. I can make your mind quite easy as regards your mother. Her illness was only a fiction. All stratagems, you know, are fair in love and war, and that kind of thing. So far as I know, the maternal par your mother, is as well as ever she was." " She is not ill! 0, thank Heaven—thank Heaven for that! And that letter—the doctor's letter!" "The doctor's letter was only part of an innocent little ruse, which I am sure you will forgive when you know its motive. It mightn't be exactly the thing, you know, but it isn't more ungentlemanly than the conduct of that fellow who pretended he wasn't going away, you know, and got his ships ready on the quiet, and made a bolt of it. Dido and vEueas, and that kind of thing, you know." The fresh horses were harnessed by this time, and the driver was in his seat. Before Violet could ask another question, the Marquis bowed and retired. He returned to his Beat in the rumble, the ostler gave the horses their heads, and in the next moment they had started at a gallant pace along the dark road. At first there was only one feeling in Violet's breast, and that was a profound sense of gratitude to Heaven. Her mother was not ill; her beloved mother was not in danger. The burden of anguish had been suddenly lifted from her breast; and the relief was so intense that it was some time before she could even attempt to contemplate her own position. But when she did at length grow calm enough to consider the events of the night, her brain seemed to give way beneath a sense of utter bewilderment. Think of it as she would, she could not imagine any possible motive for this mysterious business. Had she been persecuted by the addresses of any dishonorable lover, she might perhaps have realized at once the motive of this midnight abduction; but she imagined herself entirely unknown and unnoticed. Who, then, could be interested in carrying her away from her home, from the mother she idolized, the mother who would suffer unutterable fear and suspense during her absence ? She tried in vain to find an answer to this question, but her bewilderment only increased as she tormented her brain by useless Speculations. And at last she sank back'in a corner of the carriage, completely worn out by the mental struggle she had undeigone—weary, too, of watching the long dark road along which she had been carried to her mysterious destination. At last, at about thieeo'clock in the morning, V +v„ porria^G stopped before high gates with rtsTv" stone pillars, surmounted by escut- S s festooned with ivy. . A bell was rung,—a loud clanging bell, that gave out a strange shrill peal iu the stillness 0 f Therewi a pause, during which Violet had amole time to contemplate the tall stone pfflars, the massive iron gates, which had a weird and ghostly look in the dim light; and then the bell was rung, for the second time. This time the summons was heard ; fcr a man came out of the lodge, carrying a lantern and a big bunch of keys. He unlocked the gates, which fell back upon their hinges with a grating and scrooping noise, as if they were very rarely opened. The carriage passed through into a long dark avenue —an avenue in which a low gusty breath of chill morning wind sounded almost like the wailing of a ghost. At the end of the avenue, which seemed more than a mile long, the carriage crossed a bridge, below which Violet saw a black stream of water lying at the bottom of a wide stone moat. The carriage passed under an archway after crossing the bridge, and then drew up before a dreary-looking building with a castellated roof and circular towers at each angle of the wall. . Nothing could be more dispiriting than the appearance of the house, even when shrouded by the darkness. In the past, it might have been a feudal castle; in the present, it looked only like a madhouse, a union, or a gaol. The Marquis of Eoxleydale came to the carriage-door, unlocked it, and assisted Violet to alight. The poor girl was utterly worn out in mind and body by the events of the night. She dismounted from the vehicle with a tottering step, and would have fallen on the slippery inoss-grown stone if Lord Eoxleydale had not supported her. " Where am I ?" she gasped; " and why am I brought here ?" " Only be patient, dearest and loveliest of women," answered the Marquis in a tender whisper. " Eest quietly to-night, and ask no questions. To-morrow morning you shall know all." A 6tifled shriek escaped from Violet's lips, There was something in the speaker's tone which chilled her to the heart. It was the tone of a profligate who believed that his victim was in his power. Innocent, inexperienced in life's perils as Violet was, her instinct seemed to reveal to her the danger and misery of her position. But gentle though she was, she had the spirit of a true woman—the spirit which asserts itself in the hour of danger and difficulty. " Why am I brought here?" she demanded, drawing herself away from Lord Roxlcydale's supporting arm; " and who are you who have been base enough to carry out this vile plot against a helpless girl 1 To any honorable man my friendlessness would have rendered me sacred." " Dear Miss Watson," pleaded the Marquis, who really Avas inclined to feel very much ashamed of himself, but who was always trying to act according to the base sentiments instilled into his weak mind by those false friends who called themselves men of the world,—"dear Miss Watson, if you knew the devoted admiration, the all-absorbing love, and that kind of thing, which prompted this scheme, you would pardon alL Believe this, and let me defer all explanations until to-morrow. This lonely house shall be as safe a shelter for you as the roof beneath which you slept last night," This time there was an accent of truth in the young man's words. Violet was almost fainting, and was far too weak to make any further struggle to extricate herself from the power of her prosecutor. She sank upon a carved oaken bench, in the great stone entrancehall, which was dimly lighted by one lamp, and the atmosphere of which seemed cold and damp as that of the charnel-house. No wealthy young nobleman, possessor of numerous country seats in pleasant neighborhoods, would have cared to spend much of his life at this dreary habitation amongst the flat swamps upon the Essex coast. The Marquis of Eoxleydale was the very last man in the world to tolerate a dull abode; and the.Moat had been almost deserted ever since the death of his grandfather—an eccentric old misanthrope, who had chosen to inhabit the dreariest house of all his possessions. An old woman had admitted the Marquis and his companion into the hallf Lord Eoxleydale committed Violet to her charge. " You received my letter ?" he asked. He spoke in a very loud voice, but he had to repeat the question. " Yes, my lord. Yes, yes; I received the letter," muttered the old woman at last; " and all's ready for the lady—the young lady. Yes, and it's a pretty face too, and a fair face, and a good face—eh, my lord?" she said, looking at Violet, " but it's paler than it should be »r a bride; it's much too pale for a bride. 1 ve 8 een a bonny bride brought home to this house long ago—very long ago; but the place seems to have gone to ruin since then " She's a little weak in her head, I think, Miss Watson," the Marquis said apologetically; "but you won't mind her, will you?" Violet shook her head, and stretched out her hand with a friendly gesture towards the old woman. She was too ill to speak ; her dry lips refused to utter a sound. The old housekeeper led her charge towards the great oaken staircase; the broad staircase up and down which gay hearted people had trotted lightly in the days that were gonp. The Marquis had removed his hat on entering the hall; but even yet Violet had not recognized him. She was too completely prostrated to observe the face of her abductor. Only one thought held a place amid the misty shadows that clouded her brain. That one thought related to her desire to escape, to return to her mother, whose heart would be wrung by all the torments of suspense and anxiety. She followed the housekeeper. There was something honest and friendly in the old woman's countenance; and Violet felt that with her she was at least safe. The woman led her up the staircase and along a corridor, until they came to a spacious room, where a pair of tall wax candles were burning in autique silver candlesticks. A wood fire blazed up the broad stone hearth, within the great chimney; and, summer time though it was, there was unspeakable comfort in the aspect of the red logs. The room was large and gloomy, and, like everything else in the old house, seemed to belong to an age long gone by. The wainscoting was of black oak; the ceiling was of the same sombre hue and massive material, crossed by huge, beams, with quaintly-carved pendants, which threw weird shadows upon the walls, and looked like grinning faces leer ing down at the inmates of the room. An immense four-post bedstead, surmounted by funereal-looking plumes, stood at one end of the apartment. Near the fireplace there were two old-fashioned easy-chairs, covered with faded tapestry, and a table upon which the silver candlesticks were placed Violet had scarcely strength to totter to the nearest chair. She sank into it fainting and helpless. " Don't leave me !" she gasped, clinging to the old woman's withered hands. " Pray don't leave me!" The housekeeper seemed to understand the meaning- of the helpless girl's look and gesture, though she could not possibly have understood her words. " Ay, ay," she muttered. " I'll take care of you, my pretty—you needn't be afraid Old Nancy will take care of you." Violet felt reassured by these words. Her eyelids sank over her wearied eyes ; her head fell back upon the cushion of the chair. Presently she felt the housekeeper's feeble hands tenderly removing her outer garments, and then the old woman half carried, half led her to the bed, on which she sank, completely overcome by fatigue and excitement. CHAPTEE XXVIII. THE HOUSEKEEPER'S STORY. After his conversation with Mr. Godwin's servant, Lionel Westford felt more than ever that duty and honor alike urged him to an immediate and most vigorous investigation of the mystery connected with the deserted wing of Wilmingdon Hall. Had there been no such person as Julia Godwin in existence, had the banker and the banker's kindred been alike indifferent to him, the young maa would not for a moment have thought of acting on his own responsibility. He would have gone at once to Scotlandyard, and would have placed the whole matter in the hands of the detective police—laying before them a full statement of the case, and relying on their skill in the unravelment of such dark enigmas as that which cast its black shadow on Wilmingdon Hill. Mr. Pollaky of Paddington-green, or some other gentleman of Mr. Pollaky's profession, would have been provided with one of those mysterious cases which seem designed for the development of detective genius, and all the complicated machinery of detection would have been set in motion. But for Julia's sake Lionel Westford refrained from doing this; for her sake he determined not to make any communication to the police until his dark suspicions became certainty, and duty compelled him to denounce the father of the girl he loved. In the meantime ho felt that his task of investigation would be very difficult, and would demand all the subtlety of his intellect, all the strength of his will. On thinking over what the servant told him, he came to the conclusion that old Caleb had indeed witnessed some appalling scene in one of the rooms in the northern wing- But, granting this, what was the nature of that scene ? The old gardener described a murder—a foul and treacherous murder. Yet how could a murder have been committed in that deserted wing without suspicion having been sooner or later aroused ? The victim could scarcely have entered the building without the fact of his presence there being known; and in that case, how had Rupert Godwin been able to account for his disappearance ? At present it was all a dark mystery, the clue to which Lionel Westford could only hope to obtain by long and patient toiling in the obscurity. It was a tangled skein, which could only be unravelled inch by inch. He pondered much upon what the manservant had told him, and came to the conclusion that the person most likely to assist his search—unconsciously, of course—was the old housekeeper, of whom the man had spoken. This woman was a cousin of Caleb Wildred's, and from her girlhood had lived in the service of the Godwins, rising through all the gradations of service, from under scullery-maid to housekeeper. Many secrets of the banker's history were, in all probability, known to this woman; and, if carefully sounded, she could scarcely fail to give some clue to any mystery that might lurk behind the commonplace story of his life. Lionel determined to seek the earliest opportunity of placing himself in confidential relatious with the housekeeper. Old servants arc generally garrulous and communicative, unless they have some special motive for reserve. Lionel therefore hoped much from an interview with Mrs Beckson. A very little consideration suggested a means of approaching her. There were a great number of old pictures at Wilmingdon Ilall—old portraits of deadand-gone grandees who had flourished there when the original lords of the soil still held their own, before the days when rich mercantile men had come to occupy the dwellings of the noble. The hall and staircase, the billiard room and music room, were decorated with portraits of the departed Wilmingdons, painted by Sir Peter Lely and Sir Godfrey Kneller. and let into the richly-carved panelling of the rooms. These portraits farmed, therefore, a part of the walls they enriched, and had passed to the banker's father with the house itself. But these the elder Mr. Godwin had looked on as so much furniture; and being a con noisseurs of 110 mean powers, he had amassed a large collection of old and modern pictures, to which his son had added, bringing home many treasures from his continental ramblings. Pictures of considerable value adorned almost every wall in the house; and Lionel remembered having heard Julia say that there were some very fine old Dutch paintings in the housekeeper's room. " Papa is a believer in the modern school," she had said; " and the Jan Steens and Ostades have been banished from the diningroom, to make way for Frith and Elmore, Leighton and Millais, whose pictures please me a great deal better than those perpetual brown Dutchmen, who are always lighting their tiresome pipes in their dingy tavernparlors, or those wooden-faced Dutchwomen, who seem to pass their existence between the brown little kitchen where they peel vegetables, and the brown little parlor where they play upon a queer-shaped organ." What could better serve Lionel as an excuse for approaching the housekeeper than his very natural wish to see these valuable old pictures ? He sent Mrs. Beckson a message by the servant who waited upon him, requesting that he might be allowed to see the Dutch pictures in her apartment, and received a prompt and most gracious reply, to the effect that Mrs. Beckson would be delighted to see Mr. Wilton at any time; but she would feel herself especially honored if he would condescend so far as to drink tea with her at five o'clock that afternoon. Nothing could suit Lionel's purpose better than this. He was, of course, only on a level with the housekeeper in that establishment, where he gave his services for a weekly stipend, and was content to sink his status as a gentleman in order to earn a livelihood for those he loved. He sent the servant back to Mrs. Beckson to say that he would be most happy to avail himself of her kind invitation. " But you don't dine till seven o'clock, sir. Mrs. Beckson has such old-fashioned notions," the man remonstrated. " I will go without my dinner to-day for the sake of a leisurely inspection of Mrs. Beckson's Dutch pictures," Lionel answered. " Tell her I accept her invitation with thanks." The servant departed, wondering at what he called " the rum ways of that artist chap, who'd sacrifice a good dinner for the sake of looking at a lot of dingy old pictures, that seem, every one of 'em as if they had been hung up a smoky chimney." At five o'clock precisely Lionel Westford presented himself in the housekeeper's room. Mrs. Beckson had made quite a little festival of the occasion, and had adorned her table with preserves and cakes, and old- fashioned silver tea-and-coffee equipage, covered dishes of buttered toast, and a stand of new-laid eg^s, as if she had expected a party. Lionel could scarcely refrain from a smile as he looked at the worthy housekeeper's preparations, and thought how utterly her dainties were wasted on a guest whose mind was completely absorbed by one dark and terrible subject. The old dame had dressed herself in her stateliest attire, her most formidable head- gear and brownest and crispest wig. She received Lionel with a sweeping curtsey that might have done honor to an old-fashioned court in the days when the minuet was danced by powdered beaux and belles. One by one she pointed out the old pictures which adorned her room, telling all she knew of their history, and the value that had been set upon them by connoisseurs whom Mr. Godwin had brought to look at them. Lionel had no occasion to pretend an interest in these pictures. His artistic taste was aroused at once by their merits, and he lingered long before them, delighted and enthusiastic ; so long, indeed, that he sorely tried the patience of the old housekeeper, who was anxious to see him seated at her wellfurnished teatable, and was afflicted by the fear that the toast would become leathery and the eggs hard, while her visitor was dwelling on the details of a Jan Steen. At last, however, the inspection was finished, and he seated himself opposite her, taking care to place himself with his back to the window, so that the varying expressions of his own face would not be seen, while, on the other hand, he would be able to perceive any change in the countenance of his companion. The tea was poured out. Of course, there was a little preliminary conversation as to its merits? and then Lionel set to work, very cautiously and slowly. He began to speak of Mr. Godwin, and found the housekeeper nothing loth to talk of her master. It was scarcely strange that the banker should form one of the chief subjects of his servants' discourse; for as they rarely passed beyond the park-gates, they had little else to talk of besides the habits and affairs of their master. People who cry out against the gossiping propensities of servants should at least remember that in many cases servants are kept close prisoners, very rarely seeing or hearing anything of the outer world. Is it strange that, under such circumstances, they should attach an undue importance to what they do see and hear ? " The present Mr. Godwin is a good master," said Mrs. Beckson, after some little discussion of general subjects; " he's a liberal paymaster, and his servants have nothing to complain of. But he's not like his father. He's got a silent and gloomy way with him that's apt to set people against him—not strangers, for his manners to strangers are generally considered very pleasing ; but in his own house he gives himself up to thought like, and doesn't seem to take either rest or pleasure. I never did see such a gentleman to think. He's always thinking, always brooding; and this last year, judging by the little we've seen of him, I do believe he's been worse than ever—brooding, brooding, brooding, as if he'd got all the troubles in this world upon his own mind. And if that's all the good riches bring a body, give me poverty, say I." "And you have not seen much of him lately?" " Very little indeed. I don't know why it is; I suppose it's business—or it may bo pleasure, for they do say Mr. Godwin leads a wild life in London; but somehow or other, ever since last summer, counting from about the time my poor cousin Caleb was taken ill with brain-fever, our master has kept away from this place, almost as if it was haunted." Lionel could not repress a slight start as Mrs. Beckson said this. Every word that he heard seemed to point to the same conclusion, every little circumstance so casually revealed led up to one terrible fact—the crime that had been committed by Eupert Godwin in the summer of the preceding year. "Your cousin Caleb and I have become very good friends, Mrs. Beckson," Lionel said, after a brief pause in which he reflected upon what the housekeeper had told him; "we meet often in the garden, and he always talks to me a little wildly at first, but he gets quite rational afterwards." " Yes, yes, to be sure; Caleb's apt to be very wild, very wild indeed, sir. It isn't everybody that would have patience with him. But I'm his own cousin, you see, sir, his own flesh and blood, and we were boy and girl together. So I bear with all his vagaries. I think there's not many beside me could have nursed him through that dreadful brainfever." " And that fever was the result of a sudden fright, I have heard ?" said Lionel. "Yes, sir; they do say poor Caleb was frightened; but, sir, there's no knowing; • might have been some delusion of his poor weak brain. .The women servants will have it that he saw a ghost in the northern wing bat I don't believe in any such nonsense, though I have heard stories about those deserted old rooms that would moke your blood run cold, and it certainly isn't every gentleman that would have as much courage as our master." "How so?" " Why, I mean that he's not a bit afraid of being for hours and hours, sometimes in the dead of the night, shut up alone in those dreaiy rooms. He's got an office in the northern wing, bless you, sir, and they say he keeps all his most valuable documents and securities and such-like locked in iron safes there, and up to last June twelvemonth he used to work there once in a way, looking over his papers, and such-like, I've heard Miss Godwin say." "Up to last June twelvemonth? But not since that time 1" asked Lionel. "Why, don't I tell you, sir, that siuce last midsummer twelvemonth Mr. Godwin has scarcely come home once in a. month? He's seemed to shun the place somehow, and I can't help thinking that he has some kind of trouble on his mind, and that lie tries to drown it in the racketing and rioting of that rampageous London. You see, sir, he and his only son didn't agree well together, and young Mr. Godwin left home two or three years ago, and it may bo that preys on our Mr. Godwin's mind." " But he used to work in an office in the northern wing?" " Yes; and that's one of the reasons why I feel sure our poor Caleb saw no ghost on the night he was taken ill." "How is that?" " Why, you see, sir, the very night Caleb was taken, Mr. Godwin was in his office; and it isn't likely the most audacious ghosts would show themselves where there were lights burning and a city gentleman and his friend in the office." " His Mend! Mr. Godwin was not alone then?" " No; there was a gentleman with him—a Btrange gentleman. I can remember it all as if it had happened yesterday. I suppose it must have been Caleb's illness that impressed it upon my mind, you see, sir. It was a very hot evening, and the house felt so oppressive like, that me and my niece Susan, who is head housemaid here, we took a turn in the garden. It was quite dark when we went out, but it was very pleasant for all that. Mr. Godwin's confidential clerk, Jacob Danielson, happened to be down here that evening, and was sitting in the dining-room, when a strange gentleman came." " Indeed! the stranger came late then " Yes; it must have been dark when he came. My niece and me were Bitting under one of the great cedars on the lawn, and the dining-room windows being open and the lamps lighted, we could see everything that was going on in the room. We saw the stranger walk in through one of the windows, while master and his clerk were sitting quietly over their wine; and the strange gentleman seemed excited about something, as we could guess from his manner. But Mr. Godwin, he was as quiet as a stone statue, and presently, after Jacob Danielson had gone away in the dogcart to catch the train from Hertford, the stranger and master left the dining-room together, and went to the library; for me and my neice could see the, lights through the great painted window, though we couldn't see anything of what was going on inside. But presently, through the open doors of the hall —for, being such a hot, oppressive night, all the doors were left wide open—we saw Mr. Godwin and the stranger going towards the corridor leading to the northern wing, Mr. Godwin carrying a lamp." The housekeeper paused to draw breath after this long speech. Lionel Westford was terribly excited, and it was with difficulty that he concealed the extent of his agitation. " And after this ?" he said interrogatively. " After this me and my niece walked about a bit, first here, then there, keeping out in the cool till supper-time; and we'd been walking about nigh upon ah hour, and were strolling along one of the pathways close to the north garden, when who should come upon us sudden like but Jacob Danielson, which we had thought to have started by the train from Hertford! We couldn't help being a little startled by his coming upon us so sudden, and there was something in his manner that seemed as if he'd been, excited, or almost frightened like; and this was something out of the way •for him, for, generally speaking, he's more like a machine made out of cast iron than a human being. ' Where's the gentleman ?' soys he to me and my niece,—' where's the strange gentle : man ? Have you seen him go away?' ' No,' I replied; ' Mr. Danielson, I have not.' ' 0,* says he, * I thought you ,might have seen him; it's of no cpnsequence j good evening;' and with that he walks off very fast; and though there wasn't much in what he said, there was something in his manner that seemed to make me and my niece turn all cold and shivery like, in spite of the sultry evening." " And did you see the stranger after this ?' " No; he left us as quietly as he came, dare say Mr. Godwin showed him the short cut across the park, for none of us in the servants' hall saw him go away." " Indeed! And this was the night upon which your cousin Caleb was taken with the fever?" " It was, sir." " Well; I can't help feeling a sort of curiosity about this haunted northern wing. I'm not exactly a believer in gliosis; but I've often wondered whether there might not be some little truth in the numerous stories so firmly believed by many sensible people. I should like very much to explore those old rooms. Is there any way of getting into that part of the building?" The housekeeper shook her head. "No, sir. Mr. Godwin keeps the keys locked up in his own library, and wouldn't let them out of his hands on any account. " But he allows the servants to clean the rooms sometimes, I suppose ?" " Not he, sir. Ke says he'd rather have the dust a foot deep than he'd have his papers pried into or meddled with. But there is a way of getting into those rooms for all that, Mr. Wilton, if anyone had the courage to go that way." "Indeed!" " Yes. This place is very old, you know, sir, hundreds of years old ; and they do say that there was all sorts of queer hiding-places made in the days of the Lollards. However that may be, the cellars under the northern wing are almost big enough for a regiment to hide in, and there's an underground passage leading from the cellars to a grotto at one end of the laurel-walk." " I know the grotto," answered Lionel eagerly. " I noticed it some days ago." " It's a regular ruinous place; but if you grope your way through this archway at the back, you'll find a flight of stone steps leading down underground, and at the bottom of those steps there's a passage leading, as I've heard say long ago when I was a girl, to the cellars. But, mind you, Mr. Wilton, I never knew anyone to go down that underground passage, and goodness kuows what state it may be in. don't suppose Mr. Godwin so much as knows of it's existence. So if you go. Mr. Wilton, you know the risk you've got to run." Lionel Westford laughed aloud at the old dame's warning. Fortunately, the housekeeper's ear was not acute enough to discover the artificial sound of the laughter. " You needn't be afraid of my running any risk, my dear Mrs. Beckson," he said. " I should very much like to see a ghost, if I could meet the gentlemau or lady without putting myself to any very great trouble. But I certainly have no inclination to tempt the perils of an underground journey, even though ~ might be rewarded by an introduction to all the phantoms iij shadowland. No, no; I'm no coward ; but I have no wish to be entombed alive, and some of the old brickwork of your passage might happen to give way, perhaps, and bury me under its ruins." This is what Lionel Westford said. What he intended to do was something very different. I must watch my opportunity," he thought, and pay a secret visit to the northern wing when every member of this household is sleeping." (To le continued.) 