tfHE MYSTERIOUS HOUSE. 1 <ftkrge-and roomy ; well-fatnished; cood «aen;.- healthy neighbonrhood ; within-essy wach of a raflway-station ; cood Treys school near; not far .from Dondon ; cheap !" Thus, with aome- riTing more than a suspicion of acorn in hfer voice, my sister Margaret ran off on i,ai the list of my requirements -fori house. _ . ' I had just returned from India with my six children, and I was anxions -to stile them comfortably before their' father's return. « you want every comfort," continued any eister,1 "and you don't want to pay tor every comfort I believe yon Anglo- Tpian. think we live upon nothing in 'England." Her husband came in as she spoke. Turning to him, she ran over again, with a slight exaggeration and a deeper infu sion of contempt, the catalogue given above. He took a seat " Difficult," he said, oracularly ; " but it might be done. I have it !" said he, turning to his wife. "What? The right house 1, Then you are Severer-Han I thought you?' ' ' " Do yoa remember the stoiy Williams told us yesterday t" "How James," said my Bister, rising to her feet, and looking at her husband severely, " if you advise Eleanor to take that house, you do it on your own re sponsibility. - I wash my-hands of it" " Sit down again, Margaret," he said. " Be reasonable, myfreat. .Is Here any sufficient reason why vKdena should not take that 'hCttse?" -'J\ ... " Thefoisoneyery .ood reason — she will have to do the hojtse-work herself. Ho eervtet vriBay w vrac." " She has'teh XnaiHteefvaiil at any- 1 rate, who rmutstahclhy her." " Bat think oftjrarrelf, ot her fedlnga.; — You s mile, ' James. 3 O yes ; I ; know you think me', veiy absurd. Vary likely I am abSurd ; " hut ' -remember rtiia — there's .. no _ smoke without, some! fire. Besides, I know" the. last tenants. Aim GrP;n is hot. jib idwt ' J3he jold. me"=— . , " Stay a moment,"-- said my. brother-in law, and ha addressed himself to ate.—- " Eleanor, tell me the truth : are you .a believer in ghosts t" . .- v : " Does ti»'» mean that the eligible house is haunted 1" I exclaimed, much stimulated by what X had heard. " If so, X will take it at once. .Write to. -He agent for me, James." " I do believe yon are all going mad,", said my worthy sister, holdiiig;up her hands in horror—1 "James, you are- a sensible man. You know thugs ought not to be done in a huny. — Eleanor, ; listen to what X heard from . the last tenant. She told me with her own lips ; ills noneyour second-hand stories "- — . II No/' X interrupted.; -"donit tell me. If there is a. ghost, it will show itself. If there is not, I might be set thinking of your stoiy, and might imagine it ; or at least " — correcting myself—" I might be betrayed into telling somebody else. Somebody .else might imagine if" My brotherdn-law thereupon entered into an elaborate description of the honse, which had everything I could desire ; and he believed I could have it for a rent, which was so small, considering its many advantages, as to seem merely nominal. " The fact is," he said, "their principal object is to have the thing off their hands. Tenants have been coming, and tenants have been going ; and some have paid, and some have not paid. Hie place baa got a bad name in the neigh bourhood. The owners, however, think that if a respectable tenant comes and stays for some time, it will have a good effect on the public mind. But, as Mar garet-says, you must count the cost Your servants wUl be euro to hear the ghost-story. They will see visions and dream breams. You may have to do a good deal of the work yourself By-the- bye, there is an old housekeeper, a Mrs. Weevil, who lives in the lower rooms." " Could we not get rid of her ;" I aaid, "she might tell the servants." " I am afraid that would be easier said than done," he answered. " She -has eome claim upon the family." ' But they say she is a quiet old sou, who interferes with nobody. You might warn her you- know." " Well," I eaid, t'letos write to the agent, and see what can be done." The result of aU-Hiswas that, a week"' or two later, on a -plroidafternooneariy in the month of August, 1 drove up with my children, servants, and luggage before the deep porch of one of -those moderately- aired ' country -htrasse ' which -abound in the County of Surrey.' It was to be my home for the next twelve months — eer-' vants and ghosts permitting. For once, 'description sad the expecta tion1 that followed hard upon it, were, I felt, abundantly jastified. My earthly paradise wa&a; .paradiseiudeed; .apd joy fully on Hiipgbf |oilri afrivM, I sat and, wroteio jqy" fruspaqd oT our good fqrjnne. ,%e Bousq#waifbe«utifully sit uated, and was" itseifjpicturesque, with its deep porch in frpbfc hod the to|atbal- cony that surmounted it.' it was an afid walls' were naif-smothered withivy and clema tis. Beyond rtfeegardeu' in "front was a broad fawn, oindsl i dhapand old beeches -and dnk9wliScif form . belt. round Lord B 's estate Daring He first few; weeks, nothing happened to change joy good opinion of the house,; , Therfrjwas one circumstance I djfl-nbt like ; but I persuaded mysetf fol'wsa trivial, and to be affected by it, provpSI ultra-sensitiveness ; besides, I chad beicn warned, .beforehand/ Two ofjHe lower rooms were occupied by an old woman. She wii ft pensioner, I was told,of «nr landlord'! Many yearn ago, the had been housekeeper to some refatiyrouf his who Jived in the honse, and slie had lived inqt ever since. I wished to see her andhave some conversation with her. Xmsliked, in Hie firstplace, that any one of whom I knew nothing should be in myiforasSj apd in He second' place, I was anxious to"warn her to keep the ghost-story (whatever that might be) secret My three English servants were north -country girls. I had .taken 'good. care that they should be utter strangers, to Hheyrrahbpufhpod-; but. I knew, if Heoraitnn tyof Swing a ghost -ware sug gested to them, Hey would promptly make He .payability-® certainty, and then my troubles would begin. . asking for an , interne w ; anq spe came to my room.' ,Sne was' "not a preposBes- ling woman. Hw igt might b® ®on»e- where between sixty and wewu ; and as she dropped/an awkwanliocrartesy on entering my presence,' X r;dt she was ginpg .me a homage which 'ehe did not pay willingly. I end I tmdetstobd she had permission from the owper,jof the house to occupy certain rooms ln it "Yes, ma'am," aha -stid; "tel not from He owner as is the xnriiariof "the oubb now ma'am." . - -She manifested, I- thought, wwtwn ill-concealed suUriness as. I went oa to ask her-if -she could not be indured to .find yyenrnmndatinn for herself . in . some of He cottages on He adjoining estate, so as to give us the house to ourselves. She stubbornly refused, -f , "No, ma'am," she went" on fc say. "I am an old woman as has lived here for nigh twenty years, arid I never gives trouble to no ona I only wishes to be, let alone ; and I means to stay, ma'am! — yes I means to stay." I saw that it would serve no purpose at present to try to dissnade her ; and as I did not wish to quarrel with her, I changed the conversation. I eaid I understood there were eome foolish stories current about He house being haunted, and' Ii hoped, . whatever,.-she thought'of it, that she would eay nothing to my servants on He subject. "If your servants 11 lei me alone, FU let Hem alone. X has no wish to meddle with any lady's servants." I then permitted her to go. She was certainly no trouble about He honse j and she was veiy seldom .seen. eiHer by me or He servants. She only Went out occasionally, as if to make snch pnrcbasea. as her necesrities might reqqire, locking; He- door of her bobm.s bbHiu going and returning. . ' A month passed- by. ' People in the neighbonrhood began to call. They all . praised the house and grounds J but they all looked mysterious, mid one and; another hinted : "You Won't stay here over the winter." ' My answer - was .a . smite. But the winter-came. Flowers faded ; trees grew red, golden,- brown and at-lsst Heir Shivering leaves, fell to the ground. It was an early winter. Is November,' He cold Was intense, and "the days "were short and gloomy. Many years had passed l?y since I had spent a winter in England, and I felt the cold very ranch. I He- beat of things, however, muffling. myself and the children in flan nel, keeping the doors and windows closed, and having large fires in He rooms and. halL In epite of all I could do, two of Hem fell ilL Their illness was not serious ; but norsing and look ing after them gave me much to do, for their ayah (Indian nurse) was Buffering at the moment from a severe cold, which rendered her almost incapable of helping me. Bach was my position when, one morning, my housemaid asked to see ma I knew what Hie meant ;:and was not surprised to hear that. 'He intended to leave us that very day. Her moHer wanted her, she said, I asked her mother's reason. She was impenetrable . I offered her higher wages. She said, tremblingly, Hat she. would not stay if X were to offer her a hundred pounds. I began to perceive Hat He news of the ghost-story had got abroad ; and X asked her if Here was anything in He house of which she was afraid ; but to His ques tion she was quite dumb. I said I would see her again, and sat down to think with my sick child on my lap. jffven while X was thinking, Here came a knock at the door of my room. I cried out, . " Come in but my Jieart same. My cook was at the door. The girl who helped in He kitchen and honse was behind her. Both looked Bound, and announced Hat Hey were going. I did not know what to do. To gam time, I ordered them back to tbeir work j X had no money in the house,' I said. The bank, as Hey knew, was some miles distant They had no right to leave me wiHont dne notice ; In hct, I would not1 let them go. . So X said, and hoped that they were quieted for a-fime. But late Hat evening, He ayah came to me with consternation in her face. All He three Englifih eeryaiits had left me! By this time the children were in bed, and everything was still. I bade the ayah go to her room with the younger children, and after locking my bedroom door, Bat alone, thinking. X had passed through an exciting day. The night was chilly j I was tired, and not yeryjwell. That the warmffiiof He fire and thhuom- fbrt of myfaybimte louhgihg-Hurahbuld' presently caure wdelightful pense.Uf in difference to aU and every aniidyaticef need not be considered woDderffiX -'As I sat.Here, I gave -fa Ho pleasant compulsion,' and was soon,-! imagine felt ' asleep.' X- wyl imagme, bepauae Herr wasmowitneea present!; and of What we: do, or what We don't 'd<vln Hat strange indefinite border-land of sensation which separates waking-time from sleeping rime, we can never be perfectly certain. - So ferns I know, X slept fer some con- gtdeiale rime-. (It wasiHe sensation, I believe, of myjEeet.waxingjCold Jh&t; Jjrst, loosened the tends bf slnmW- XYhife was in that semi-consclonB state, which had a pOcdW'disoottit, X became dimly to.thefept that there was in the room-some presMiH:othelum_ni5rJjwg There was movement— a stirring iu the air, as if some creature had come in. The -evfents of theday returned jtomymemory, Which wuisHD onlyhalfeBva X started up, rubbing my eyes, for I could not be at all sore Hat I was awake and -in my right mind. When I went to sleep, I waaslone. Ycp, certainly. But even if it were not bo, what strange pale fees was this now "gaging at me across He dimlyrlighted space of He shadowy room t I was bat half-swake. My nerves were jia an 'exrited/htate. The ghost in theWiouse hsdhesny iast conscious idea. And WrHupehnnge face, which imbmed to be advancing ou me ont nf thegloom. wasXt a creation of iny own fancy 1 Or waslt'siftoe one playing a trick a pop me ? -Jn any caie, nowWasiny time topHom the mystery. Trying to be courageous and gather my .wits together, jb advanced. The face receded; ahdpwn&HtoHUeeper; shadow, till it appeariS/to be'sudasnly swallowed up 111 :-rftb6 -fOJSf'nS8/ 0 HbheavilycartuuTradiny.f: X rushed forward, bat was not swift enough. Be fpreX touched aisappearfed. I wis ceftai howevwf perfectly' certain that as I drew Hecur- taios open',' 1 f Jt fesifltanee my hand, and at He same rime a gust of colder air Sfieihed against Way: 4fece?- as opened window. At first; I felt as li about to Cunt ; bat my will, fortunately, was strong, and I threw the curtains sdde, and put myahd on He window. It was closed. I tried He bar, which could only be fixed from the inside, and it was as I had left it early in the evening. .- ; At this dieboveryi my agitation over powered me, my head swam, and' X feinted. Whan I recovered consciousness, I was lying in He broad recess of He curtained window, and X felt a trickling sensation on my forehead, and suspected, what J afterwards found to be He case, that I had struck my head on some article qf ifomiture,'- end was bleeding. This involuntary blood-letting helped to revive me, and l sat up. _ _ _ . . . For a few minutes I remained partially stunned and bewildered, Ifeltacreeping sensation, as if I had been, struck by a frost- wind. After a while, my heart Uau to beat leakaudibly, and ! rose to .my feefi At. that moment the embers of the hre snddenly sank into the bottom of the grate, sending up a feint flickering light; which was absolute cheerfulness as contrasted, with He horrible aemi-dark- ness that had hithelrto prevailed. I -felt my courage returning, and managed to -ring -the belL - The ayah-came; alarmed that X should have summoned her at an hour whim' she supposed I had retired to rest I did not tell her wnat i had wit nessed, only asked her to light a candle. She did so, and as the light fell upon my face, she gave a slight ecream. I had forgot at the moment that blood Was trickling from He wound I had-teceived, or I ahonld not have asked her to light He candle. As it was,' I had to make the best excuse I could in answer to her inquiries. I eaid I must have slept long by the fire, and in moving abont the darkened room had feUen'and hurt myself The wound, however, was found to be a mere scratchj _and Jn a few minutes the ayah had succeeded in removing from my face all marks.of the diaaatoa - X saked her to leave the candle wiH me, and allow me to retire to rest. She did so ; and after the door was closed upon hei; I proceeded with the ; candle to examine the window more minutely. Themystery was a» much a mystery as ever. The window had " certainly not been opened by any, one, .«md o .taoe was visible on the walls of any possible means of egress or ingress. I felt more nervous Han ever, and was about to turn and quit the room- altogether, no -much did my fears oppress me, when something lying on the floor jwithin the recess attracted my attention. T stooped and picked it up. . It was a small piece. of white cloth— a few incheB square — very frail in He textnre, as if half-rotted with damp or age, "and adorned with a peculiar kind of embroidery such fia I thought I had seen before, but could not' recall where. On one edge there was a hem j the other three edges bring irregular and jagged. It looked like a piece of cloth < wrenched out of a garment by He foot being suddenly placed upon it. I felt I- had made a discovery. Returning to He fireplace, I Bat down to think. It peemed -clear to me now- that my visitant, however he or she lad. effected an entrance, was no spirit. This piece of linen was certainly not lying there when I had closed and barred the wiodow for the night ; nor could it belojpg to tbe apparel of any member of my household. It was not unlikely that it was part of the loose garment of dingy white which I now remember my strange, visitant wore. "I am naturally strong- minded and gradually began to ipcqyer my composure, I eaid to myself : ' I shall find out th secret. The first link of the chain is 'between my fingers. I never before heard of ghosts tramping bits ,ont of their, drapery, and no doubt the ghost f saw had been nearly as mnch afraid as myself when I bo snddenly approached it, and had not got away without a .little flurry, This accounts too, I thought, ' for He resistance which I felt to my hand when I first laid hold of the window-curtains.' ,.J was . more : than, wer . peneaded .llnt a trick was being played upon ice. i did not feel, however, as if 1 could sleep in the room that night. If my visitor was, as I suspected, a mortal like payeelf,. there was no saying what he or she might be induced to attempt, should the desire of revenge prompt a second visit." -Mylife" was notsafeinapchrircqrastances, frbjto a> |>arred window and a locked door were not sufficient to protect me from intrusion. I resolved for that night to occupy He beroom -iwhqremy two ridqst children, ttept, which I could reach without dis turbing He rest of the honse. f X was about to take up my candle and go, wfatarl imbgiaed I heard a souqd beliind me. In my state of nervousness; I .Started, aod jiad almost dropped the candle, f looked towards the window ; but the Cttrtaius hung-' motionless, and' were parted as I had left them. A thnnght struck me. If my. visitor were to return after I had retired, how shonld Iknisw t l pondered the 'matter a little, and then proceeded to action. Trickery most in this case be met by trickery. I went to my workbox, took out a reel pfJhreod, and;, drew off a few yards. There were curtain fasteners on each side of the window abont two feet from" He- floor"; and "between the-e I stretched/and made feat tiie length of the ' thread, so that no one could enter the room from He window recessinthe coarse of the night without unconsciously breaking the; ffeil. barrier I! had erected.' This would afford me sufficient proof as to whether Jhe privacy of my rieeping- room had again been invaded. Tricing op toy csndieandtoebit dfclpthilthen passed quietly ont; locking He door'of tbe.rQom,_6nd xanying the Jrey.with.me. X felt myself stronger inhe presence of. my childiien, and ebon mH'aged to fell asleep. CH AFTER n. My first quest next, morning, on leaving the 'aifeeht where l had slept," was for He purpose of atc-rtaia ng whether my I bedroom had -been again entered after I j had left .it on ,He previojis evening. . 1 1 unlocked H'e door, and cautiously looked > in. Enough light came through between He drawn curtains to shew me the room ' was as I, left. it I advanced . to the ! Windo w1 and found the thread there, ! unbroken, and evidently untouched. 1 1 must confess - 1 "felt ' somewhat disap pointed. My r feare had.prqbably «rog- r rated my conceptions or the danger, and. had antiripated a second visit as more il came to" He conctusion Hat it mi. ttetter-as-.it was. Nad my strange visitor for anypurpmeegtered my room: a Becond tiihe, and feuba Hat X Had iqaitted it, He effect might have been He reverse of feTOdrable t6"a"3isebreiy of He trickery, aHicbl>«»!. could X»st 'be forwarded hy my maliiig ro Bw change in my usual habits as possible. Itwaeiiot improbable,- aering that no enepicion had . been aroused by the knowledge Hat I had changed iny sleep ing apartment, that the 'ghost might be emboldened to pay me a visit on the following night ; and by that time 1 hoped to be able to arrange for He interception of my strange visitor, and the detection of tbe trick. In the course of the morning, I had made . up. my . mind., how I should pro ceed. - Mia. Weevil generally left after breakfast on her errands to He neigh bouring village or elsewhere, not generally returning for a few hours ; and X thought this a good time to obtain an . interview with Andrew, the old gardener, who, 1 saw, was engaged trimming the walks in front of He door. I had no doubt now that what I had eeen had been also appearing to tbe servants who .had so suddenly departed on He previous evening ; and I had ho donbt also '.Hat Andrew knew the .whole story abont toe ghost having been again seen-in He house. 1 opened the . parlour window, and spoke with him overthe hahsqny. 'Will yon come up-staira, Andrew t \ I should like to speak to yon. lie stood for a moment in hesitation, scratching his head." I think he would have preferred anything to enteriog my house at Hat moment ; but evidently he did not see his way to refaring. A few moments later, and he was in the drawing- room. . ' Andrew,' I began, with some inten tional solemnity of manner, 'yon see the position I am in.' — His expression indicated that he considered He pomtion ah .exceedingly unpleasant , one. — 'The story has got about,' X went on, 'that toe honse is hanntedj' — He turned pale.-r— < You think it is haunted 1' I 'asked look ing at htm fixedly. He hesitated a few moment shook his head slowly, and. succeeded finally in saying : 'Wat is folks to think, . ma'am ?' ' ' I acknowledge, I auswered, 4 that the_ thing has a queer look. When people appear, and vanish as suddenly as Hey come, it is difficult to think of them' !as creatures of flesh and blood like onr- selves.' . v 1 . 'Trin't possible-like,' was Andrew's, comment ; and I observed with the words,' !his face took a .more healthy hue. ' 'The jquiet tone I had assumed -reassured him. Ghosts, when Hey can be reasoned about; lose half Heir terrors. ' No, I answered him ; it is not' possible. But Andrew if we look at; these tilings from another point of view' « Be Here another ?' he eagerly asked, as I panaed to allow him time for expres sion of opinion. ' Yes,' ! said there is another. Before I -believe in yonr interpretation, Andrew — before I believe it possible -that -spirits can wander about He world for.no other reason than to frighten people, I must tost mine.' ' His eyes, awakened to the new interest, were looking at mine inquiringly. I. explained at once. ' What X .mean is this. I suspect a trick. Somebody has a spite against the owner of this bouse —somebody has an interest in keeping it amply.' Andrew was naturally shrewd. As I spoke, there came a new lo&k; of keenness. He -smiled. 'There -has-been queer things done,' he observed, with a curious impartiality. 'You have been here some weeim,' I said. Have you heard anything duriug that time abont this honse, about tbe people who own it? I am told Hey lived here once.' Thus stimulated, Andrew told me that, the bouse and ground had ' originally belonged to Lord fl— — , . father, of .the present ford, whose Park was commanded byonr front windows. Oq the marriage of a favourite sister with Mr Roupel, a man somewhat beneaH-.her position, he gave her the house. Here the married pair lived, in much happiness it was said ; and. here their only child, a daughter, was born. After running through the wife's money, the husband died. When left alone,- the widow, and her now grown up daughter, determined to let their house, and live abroad. The rent of He furnished house, with its excellent garden, .would bring ' them in an 'income -snffidebt to enable them to live quietiy m eoine, foreign town.. Bat white this prpjqpt was being discussed, the wido w died, suddenly and mysterioudy. "An inquest was held over her; for strange suspicions were circulated abroad. The verdict, was that she died of He family co"mplaint,lieart- d is ease. ' But there were those.- who ptill spoke mysteriously about the .prciwn- stances of He death, and declared- Hat He poor Jady had met wiH foul-play. Now, this was He germ of He gbost- etory ; for it was said far .and near, that Mrs. Roupel, if ahe had really been murdered— and murdered by . her own child, as some dared to whisper- — would never rest in her grave. And when aogaltr appearances came and went, ana -strange sounds were heard. hi the. house, now -empty save /for an ancient bonse- kenpsr, He . suspicion, scarcely epvken of at firat above the breath, so dark, it was and monstrous, -was by-and-bya. openly discdssed. On tote part of the story old Andrew was very ready to dilate. - -He warmed to the theme indeed, sad would 'willingly have given me, had I desired it, a foil and particular account of He various people who .from time to time had been driven from the premises. But I, hold ing .stiU my .point that trick had to do wiH it, restrained his flow of language, and endeavoured by close questioning; to find out what he knew .about the daughter of Mrs. Roupel, who, if his story were -true, was the owner of the haunted -honse. X elidted the' following forts. Miss" Roupel -.was nineteen yeatsof.age about the period of hei1 TOoHerVdeath. f "fehe was then a ynnng lady of high spirit and cheerful temper ; she was actompliahed, witty, and unusually attractive in appear ance. Thus in spite of the drawbacks entailed by poverty, and a sad I melancholy "mother, He young lady ' was not without suitors. The suit of one of the8e . was, according to her moHer and herself -f-Hgr remembered Hrir old antecedents and werer iproud — little short of an Impertinence j . for He maw was no more nor : less Han Xiord B 's house-steward. ' -The ' old housekeeper, to whom, beforehe ltestowed his house upon Ids sister, the did lord had apportioned two rooms, was, Mrs. XVeevil,' the steward's mother, i It was natural Hat Miss. Roupel, niece . of hi former emplojer. fcbould rqjeBt Jtis suit with tosdain.' It-iwas-gaahapS fjaD1 less hatiiral'that the rejectioq, embittered by contempt, should sink deeply into tot steward's eouL The foct was . that from the day when he was forbidden .He house where his mother tived, the young man changed. People spoke ol hte hlack looks, of his hard waye, of . his cruel cynical speeches, and some predicted a jbad end for him. Meanwhile, Miw Roupel, now left done by her mother's deaH, married Mr. Egerton, a man, from a monetary point of view, scarcely more eligible than the . steward. He was a Lieutenant in theoavy ; hut as he bad nothing in the w-orld but . his . pay, .Hey carried oat Mrs. -Ronpel'e plan of - letting their house furnished,, believing it would bring -them in a jsufficient . .income, to enable the young wife to live: in comfort while her hnsband was away 1 from ber. But, as Andrew remarked, if -'this was her belief she muBt have .often beep "sore pinched," for He house could have brought in very little. " I thanked hiin for bis story. ' Now,' Xsaid, 'you mnstLdo sopiething morp for me. Go to toe - village «t once. Find the carpenter and blacksmith. Tell them X want.Hem on important bostrieea: There must he no detey. , X rall jiay Hem well for their work. Do yoa understand ?' For the old - man was staring' at me as if he" thought I - had taken leave of my senses. T nnderstao he answered slowly. But -what will you be wanting wiH them ma'am ?' 'You, will know all In; good. time. They must bring their .tools.- Now go, Andrew— go quickly. And mind, Andrew, I added, eay 'nothing to any qne bf ypur errand ; and bring He joiner and blacksmith by the back entrance; for X do not'wfohtoem to be Been coming here to day by everybody.' -Notwithstanding Here bold words, .1 must- confess that when. Andrew, started on his message, and I was -left alone — rfor. the ayah had gone down to thkyiil-jga — I felt a little uneasy, . J'did n'ofibelieve in; spiritual presences. bnf X did .believe., in wickedness driven to; desperation. X: was bidding defianre :to :of 'HOee rereuices I' was iitferjy ignorant." .."What if: my defiance - should -be , taken up I Mentally, I feltfetrong enongh; physically," I- was conscions -of "being ; weak but I- 8ek toout.He perforpance of py frohse- hoid duties, which occupied .me .fulIy tiU the retora of Andrew. o / I took .hiui as alEo the joiner . and blacksmith, into tbe parlour, and told them my experiences of He - previous evening.. Andrew exhibited" symptoms' of alarm j but . I found He, joiner ,,a- sensible man, and inclined after what.- I told'him, to take similar view .:wiH: myself V<>|! Ha „ bithation, namely,1 Hat we were being made ,the Jsuhjecta of us out of the -house.:. "He asked abont Mrs. Weevil, and if I had ever been in her rooms. - I said XinS-Mt- He "pro posed at once to visit- Hem. . The door of her apartments .was, as ureal, locked ; but the blacksmith had little difficulty in successfully picking toe lock, -and - effecting an entrance .for ua — Andrew being meanwhile Bent to keep a look-out in-tbe garden, that no -one approached, the house unawares. ' .... . ." . There was notiiing to attract, attention in Mrs. Weevil's apartments: 'The-joiner.i carefully examined them ; bat no means of egress from either f the rooms conld be discovered, save toe .door by which We had entered, the windows having iron gratings outside. We took the utmost care that noHing was disarranged ; and any piece of furniture or apparel which we had occasion to distnrb .was replaced exactly as. found;' Previous to this, I should have mentioned, both tbe joiner and blacksmith had made a particular examination of He bow window of my bedroom ; but had foiled- to find anything to awaken suspicion 'in toe slightest. Our search, had so fir 1 been "entirely fruitless ; and I was beginning to f eel' mor$ perplexed Han ever, as, after what-; Andrew had told me of Mrs. Weevil, and of her ' son's former relations to .'He' honre, I had BomehoW, began to connect her in my mind with the mysterious- appearances which had given it Whch a' bad fame. , ' ' We werain. toeo-act of quitting He : housekeeper's sttifig room, afraid that she "might rotoro before we had time to -fasten the :dbor, when I noticed the blacksmith kneel down on He floor of He inner apartment, and examine He foot1 of one .of He'.,bedposte. _ It . was an ancient ElizabeHao, with very heavy faded hangings, nud stood on a floor coveted with a.carpfet, out of which long use had extracted almost all traces of its original pattern. . At a signal, He joiner stooped down beside him ; and I Hen observed that., the caster at He foot of the bedpost was glistening with oil, as if it had but.recently'heen lubricated ; and we all three-then 'noticed that Here was a distinct dark oily streak along the carpet, as if the bed had been moved forward obliquely fo« a few feet from where it stbodi- and then been moved back again, ,The joiner at once rose ; and taking hold of the bed, he found that he could pull it "forward easily and with out the slightest hoise, till it was abont afoot from the. "-wall V: against, which! it stood. At tois'point, we. noticed' Hat He bed seemed to dip sligbtiy to nne side, as if someHing were yielding to its weight ; and at the same moment we observed the panelling silently open in that part of the walk which /had formerly been hid bHind the hangings;' : 1 I- was in -a .high'; I excitement; and wiH difficdlty cbuldsnppress my fed- ings, but stood, rilent as the two mem went roqnd and looked- into the .opening thusdisebvered. XheyASMforacaiiaie;; which F presentif broughttorai ; -wheo; we found Hat He rw: was . a afaallj place about fret high and. two - deep,; and Hat it was formed h aoldE mason-, work on all aides, but. tos . front! A box," large enongh to fill the whole aptoe of the bottom, was attach ed to He" wall ' by, strong., iron, staples, sb' if to prevent ite- removal j'but curiously enough, He box. itself was not locked, thouH supplied with a hasp and padlock. The lid was at once lifted; when art saw stuffed into it; as if bumedly, a mare of1 white garment; wWto - we found , to -be im old chasuble " or surplice, that muBt have formed atonetime part of He ceremonial robes of a pifost We brought it ;. |ciH'; to He li jia foiiiiiBri it; utd in the sMrt of He garment, whbfowna, Hat a piece had been' torn ont, which embroidefediclQth ,wmich". I -lag" picket! up tomydwlwom tl»Trerioiiirty|i«eg. This wre avidMrce -lhfepSlable that, whoever: Or-whaterer -my uwtiy ; visitor was, here at least was Ha garment Hat -had been worn on that - occasion ; the more! so, that attached to He npper part of the gament jrM alrihd bfhcd whicli, when - drawn over the head -nod face, would give in a dim and uncertain light the grim aspect that I had seen on the preyiqus eyening. X fe)t .witJiia..jne a burning indignation that for yearn. the peace hndhappim > of fnccessiyifamiliea in the honre Hould havehlefcn destroyed by the wretHed trickery of this depraved edd woman, in her molicious desire fo injnrq .He yonng lady who owned the houBe, ;by. depriving her of He income that would oHerwtee have .been derived from it. ' - My . first impulse was to ieave tbinga as tbey /were -in He. aputment till 'the amyaL-of HeAld hag,' an4 confront .Her at ooce with the evidences we had -die- covered' of her malevolent practices ; but on . a stophd examuiation pf the i»x, it wqs iband Hat it contained a frJse bottom, HsilyromoVed.-nadw which were a piur of loaded pistols. This struck us ae being . Bcarcely in keying With the Xdea that1- Mrs, Weevil aloqp was qognteant ofHefoischievons operations whiH bad been oanjed on here for bo many years. These whrenHer the 'weapons of apereoh yrho was! both able /and- wifling to UBe them should, any emergency -offer. / And what was etill- more pnzriing,. while we hadtous 'fer discovered 'the ineans 1 by which the ghostly reputation Lof ..foe house had been maintained, .there was aa yet :uo - trace of toe nnmner in whirti eccess 'wttejgaihed,1 either "tothq bWroofo Which Ipccupi, or to 'other psj#.. of toe 'honse r which',- bad. .beeasb. mysteriously vimted. In -these ctrcain- stmices, it was agreed atonos.tp replace eyerything M.we had found theqi, excejft Hat He UacramiH tdpk Heiprecaution . of drawing He (barge .ont . .x>f both;! pistols, stuffing He barrels afterwards to the required depth with paper, so that, on being probed, hnilght fetiU appear .as if loaded. Thfe'AoDethe bed was moved bw&foifepfaoa;/wbehtoe pahfll- ingof itself closed as before. We Hem (lift He hpartmfot,' HV . was, Hough not Whout fome. 4i&»lty so fastened as not readily -toroite the woman's suepifithr rthat; A WfiS? tampered ith... v It was"now two honre after noon. And Mrs, Veeyilmight return at any momcuu. The two men therefore departed, .but firstarranging with, me toat they should' return after dusk, . bringing < "the, 'Village, .constable aloug with them, fo.await with me the events of the evening ;. /as I felt certain somehow Hat He 'ghost 'i would again appear,. jriH He object., of,; driving : me from the honse, as other i tenants '.had been -driven -before: - ' 1 Like his namesake in Sob Soy,. the old- gardener Andrew was not a good peeper of secrets ; hence it was ; proposed Hat the joiner and blacksmith should take him along :yriH Hem to He ..pillage; and keep him nnder surveillance till He evening. "I was ;glad wheal saw Hem all out of the place, Iwithou, so for as X knew, bring seen by any one ; and atill more glad when the ayah shortly after wards returned with the children, as I copld not help ; feeling> .timorous apd alarmed in He house by myaelf; -eori- 8iedring hat 'we ' had" 'discovered,' atid' eaperqally what wehad.friled po iBcover,, namely, bow the person playing the gbbtt «onid: wbtain acoees - to different parts of the house so ' freely as' teport represented, arid as I had myself in one instance painfully experienced. cHXPTXBrn. Unlike her usual "practice, Mrs Weevil, did not retard to He house that day tUl far bn in He afternoon ; and after -ahe had entered her rooms, I conld hear her bnstling about wiH an activjty and noise, quite unprecedented in my. experience of her halnts. .This rather alarmed: me. 1, was afraid she had anBpected,' from He appearancs of her ropma, iiotwithandjng; our "care in removing all" traces pf, iour presence, that eome.ons; bad beenr Here in her absence ahd Hia migbt'beBhffiri- ent to defeat my hopw of bringing .fo light the trickery that had been .so long and so systematteally practised. / But ! was stiU ihore'Mtohtelidd .heh, hbjrat an hour after ber return, she sent a message tdnme by He atyahtoattshe wished to speak with me, if I would graht 'hwe ap answer to make!.,n JYsre Xi fo/wfose .to seeher, thfabiightcolnplete.Heanarioh 1 which ahe prifoi jte enforfefioed, ; add tf X did see'ber, was afedhaVX pight by some word or look betray the Anowledge of "which T' had bBeome 'powetaed. I' tbongbt upon tbe. whole X had Jmtter Bee her, aodweractodhwfr t.-r! , As she entered the room with aJrasket over her arm, 'ahe dropged a conrteay 1 and from the .flowpfnWpm|'wJndi she at once qpeued.the .qqpyerroCtatvn, Hie seemed to p.nt .on a -frankness of manner which I had not before observed in any slight intercoaree l had had W?H her. 'Yes, ma'am. she. went oo,r'I "Were, jus|a-pqnun%mapaay as t wonld.be goin'c'from He 'ooBe fora- fewdayamy son, as is steward to fori fl1 ' . i tjripg took very jadly lsst hlgbtj rtui'atn ;. and- as.he' havo u'o.-oue io.Pfut nppo l)im; it. holds! as X niate<n,-as. hiR.-'oother,- inurt do my dooty— j'es, nm'oui.1 Adl this sha said withont ohce stopping to' .take breath ;, rod I qould. hot Mp obsrirring that, ahe was /riightijr Aoined- in my presence, and seemed to ieep tafo-! ing as much to hide her.nneasinw.fo etfllHHme rogsreung her «qand. -.J.; said t fyas very aorry . to hear . that her son. was til,: aod tbat it was weiy pibper she'' should, in thja rirchmstances, Bttfod to" Mmt0,!':BuV:. j!,1 '-has. fie no seryqnkin lite fenpse;» ' - j < 'Not presently/ ma'am, 'ahe answered - » leastwaj' "He 'ohtomajd'bave''; gone awaiy over H-Bf hokford f qra fow days'fo see her mother, who tetays Here ma'am — i-yes, xna'am.y and'ahe'apmtoried egain in the excess fif her civility. " ' - fAfter X had diOTaiBsed Meit iId ritH, kpow what , to Hink- Thte was an inter- lerence with my plans on which I had; not! counted. ' Ihad no one tb advisef with 'me, and felt mnch perptexefl. As evenipg approached, and; He gloom, of j twilight, I Hada strange hervooB feeling, : enrii as I-hadbnly' once before! experi enced," andfjjSt Xndifr He. te'iribtefflayeiwhen He Mutiny was at rtei hfat; and -every footfall made usatrnt,? as" if hdtt1 moment warp"1!® be onr teat:; pandnotedj He £ joiner; : as l; had before ujtorted hetftofmy rH'4faAlniofct He'Mtchen, as J wished to talk He teaiter over wilh ihe jwoer, M the most intetligentof the three. . As he entered my room, I was surprised to find a second person behind him, whom hq . introduced to roe as Mr. Borrowes, the district inspector of police, who had been uu an official visit to the village Hat day, and who, when he heard He story, voluuteered his services in place of the constable Bis presence at once gave me great relief ; and this was en- uiced when I found he had had long Experience in the London detective force, and was -entering with the enthusiasm of his. profession into our plana He had heard already from the joiner what had passed Hat day ; complimented me highly-00 He presence of mind I had displayed on the previous evening, and expressed hte acquiescence in everything Hat we had"Sun» done. When, however, I mentioned to him my unexpected intervww Hat afternoon wiH Mrs Weevil, and that she had left the house, he was a good deal token aback. He questioned me closely as to her manner and appearance when ahe was in my room, and as to whether she seemed much affected by her-son's illness. £ answered hie several questions to the best of my ability ; and be, after Hinking awhile, pacing up and down He room, turned to me and eaid : , -LLet. everything be carried pat as you formerly proposed. See that your family retire to rest at Heir usual time, and with, as little appearance as possible of anything nnnsnal going on, Xf the woman has taken alarm, nothing will be Xost by waiting till to-morrow, when ber mnrna (Rp be more carefully examined by daylight. In He first place, will you show me He bedroom in whiH yon were -disturbed last mgbt V ,1 conducted him thither, the joiner following ; and after he had ascertained where, to oae his own expression, 1 had first men He party,' and where and how He party had disappeared, he at once intimated fcis-pfaus. He aaid I was to retire to unjr room as nana), seat myself in my chair by the fire as on He previous nVernqg: and ciHer .sleep or .appear to leepj aa. was mbst fagreeable to myself. Beyond He window Stood a huge >ard- rhbe, in' whioh, after the house was all qniet, he and the joiner would conceal (themselves ; He blacksmith and the girduur bring rot .as a guard upon He (door of the housekeeper's room below. He village constable, he had .'arranged, wonld , keep watch on the otttside of the honse, but so as not to be readily : dis covered. "The duties of the household, in the absence, of' my servants, fell somewhat heavily on He ayah and myself ; and the time- passed qnickly for me as X bustled about, seeing He children pat to bed; after which the ayah also retired. During all this time, everything had been carried on indaf customary way. Mr. .Borrowes and He rest of bis hripere betook them selves for tbe time to a distant apartment up stairs,: and He hopse had resounded all the-'«venmg with the mingled sounds of laughter, and noise inseparable from a large "family . of children each as ours. Rut .now, all was silent; He men had slipped quietly to their different posts ; Mr! Burrowes and He joiner were, I knew, id the wardfobe at He oHer end of my- bedroom ; and I was seated in my loung- ing-Hsfr, ta oh the previous evening. ; t» l ast in this pomtion thinking, I cquld not help observing to. myself how, near .we .were all making ourselves ridiculona The old woman whom I had suspected, Was -ont of the house; noone else bat the ordinary members of the honseh'oldandthe watchers, conld possibly be -in it ; and here wae I, sitting at my bedroom, fire, making-believe to sleep, wiH two men concealed in the wardrobe, all Jboping to catch — we did not know what. The humour of the situation so strongly affected me at one time, that I conld scarcely refrain from bursting into laughter. . But, He thought of Mr.. Bor rowes having quit- himself to bo .mach trouble -on .my account, combined with a remembrance . of. what. I bad experienced daring tho past tweuty-four honre, gradu ally sobered my feelings; and I shortly found niy thonghts floating away in dim remembrances to my life . in Indis ; to my jjitfanthiMhand ; tpdurlangaar-, ation ; to tbs-terribfo nightsand days of that1 f earfol .-Mrithiy, whose' honors still -ne.apbsfofo. jjie. ; to— ' vTherei wasa Hud on the floor, and. I started.1 had been asleep, , and in my slnmber 'frad knocked a book off . He small table at my ribow. The fire was burning low, and t rose in a confosed atate to trimit, when my eyes. fell upon what III ad -seen on He previous evening. In .the imperfect light, it seemed taller and ! more ; gbastiy-looking than before,' and was approachiog me from behind. As- my eyee fell npon it, £ gave a loud thnek, atd rought hold of the chair to support fnf, , ;As - 1 . did so, I saw He flire: gradually recede from me, anid He room eeemfed to grow suddenly darker. .1 am Certain that, left to myself I shonld .at .that moment have fainted .right away, fotrHe whole -thing had been so sudden, and found me eo unprepared, that in niy Hnfostoiu.,1 had forgot all abont He Jiunesa. of, :tbe mght. Bat just as He : white, figure. seemed to be. approaching the curtained windows, I saw two dark figures tissh' quickly upon it from behind, Heh a.sbarp gaud violent struggle, in 'wkhH-alF Hree -rolled; on the floor, as if locked together m a deadly embrace. The white figure had managed to wrench -one,, afru. loose; and in another moment tiriire 'wm. Hs sharp .click of a pistol. Thsnksi totonr forethought, the weapon . was hsrmlpss.' By Hk time the noiae of HE struggle Hat was going on had brought He ; jikekainith and Andrew up to my: apartment ; and with their- help, Hewhite figure was in a few seconds .maqsried ahd led forward to the' tight, his /wlufa. -garment— an old surplice — hanging in iatbers about him. He was at' oqcs known to the majority of the rojnpahp-riit 'wB|Hs 6fa wrd ! He turned his baric .on, me wiH a stifled oath. Leaving 'him, now helpless, wiH bk bands ' fart bebind hk bade, in charge of He blacksmith, Mr. Borrowes. led the way to. He. housekeeper's.- rooms below, the door of which was found to.be locked. It was at once burst open, and taking a candle with ns, we. entered. The outer room waa in .the eame condition as I had seen -it- during He -day ; bat the iuner room ' shewed - He bed-1 drawn: forward, HdHjejpanelfing of the recces which we hirijdkqqyerpdj stiinding oiwo. Nobody, vras . there. : Taldng 'tlm candle forward,: to exaiHae Hh> recess, Mr. Bun-owes found tiktfilH.hbx had a i moveable: had discovered, and that by'ite removal f an opening sufficient for one person at a | time 1«1 down a trap-Btair into the cellafB 1 below. Mr. Borrowes and the joiner at 1 once descended, taking the light with them, tbe rest of us waiting as directed j in the outer apartment, or watching He lobbies that led to it. In a few minnlea I heard sodden footsteps in my bedroom, and nulling thither, found that Mr. Bor rowes and tbe joiner bad reached it from the cellars, into which the trap-door led, He whole of He woodwork of one ride-of He window of my room bring ingeniously made to move back upon binges like a door, yet so constructed that it conld not be opened by any one in the room. When tbe stewaid was searched, Here was found on him besides He'pistqls, a bnncb of dnplicate keys, which coltfd open any chamber, or other lockfast place, in. He house. The constablo having been called in from the garden, He steward, who bad hitherto etood silent and sullen, with a j dark expression of malice and revenge npon bis face, was banded over to him,' and he was instructed by his superior-to convey him to the local police-office -and place him in a cell. The blacksmith he ordered to accompany He constable, and see Hat the prisoner did hot effect an escape. , Meantime, the gardener, who, since He ' ghost' had been discovered to be but flesh and blood like himself had become as bold as a lion, volunteered to. stay in He honse wiH hs all night and help me to sooHe the fears of my poor terrified children ; while Mr. Borrowes, accom panied by the joiner, proceeded to He bouse of He steward. I need not burden the reader with details; but I may mention Hat in answer to "a quiet tap at the window, the door of the honse was immediately opened, and old Mrs. Weevil was at once in the grip of the officer. Sbe was absolutely thunderstruck, and quite lost her presence of mind. WiH ont telling ber anything of what had happened, Mr. Borrowes asked for her sod. He steward. At first;ahe hesitated, Hen eaid be was ill in bed. ' . 1 No, ' said Mr. Borrowes ; he is not in bed, bnt he is safe enough by this time' in He police office ; so yon had better jhst tell us all- abont it'" At this, Mrs. Weevil entirely broke down, and confessed all. It k unneces sary to repeat at length what the reader can guess in great measure for himself ; but He sum of her story was His." The1 mother, equally wiH her son, hated Miss Roupel for despising hk addresses, and took He means we have seen in order to drive each successive tenant ont of her house. She also admitted Hat after He Budden death of Mrs. Roupel, it was Hey who had spread He stories charging foul- play against He daughter. In answer to a question from Mr. Burrrowes, she confessed Hat it was Bbe who had played tbe ghost on He previons evening ; but she had never before shewn herself to any one who did not at once flee and quit the house. My attempt to get hold of her, therefore, had so alarmed her that she baS great difficulty in escaping ; and next morning had gone to her son, and told him she dnrst not pky He part of ghost any longer, as the present tenant was likely to stand her ground, and they wonld in that way be found ont They were both enraged at Has bring at last baffled in Heir long- cherished coarse of malicious practices against Miss Ronpel ; and her son deter- - mined to take out his revenge" Upon me Het night hy first frightening me and then robbing the house, after which Hey were resolved to take He first opportunity of quitting that part of He conntay. Their cupidity had been aroused by the sight of some trinkets in Indian jewellery which I possessed ; hence He design to rob me. In order to cover Heir purpose, He old bag was sent to me wiH the - Btory of her eon being ill ; and as he had a secret means of access to the house, he readily affected an entrance after he supposed the family asleep. It was her son who had first put her npon Hero ' evil practices— had brought He old - surplice from Lord B 's house; iu which eiHer of Hem, as occasion offered, was in the habit of terrifying the inmates, and thus depriving the innocent object of their hatred of her chief means of livelihood. -Mri 'Borrowes did not trouble to sp- - prebend tbe old woman at Hat tune ; bat he took aire tbef she ebould tewt' leave tbe country till after the trial of - her son for housebreaking add felony, " when she had to appear against him as a witness. He- was found guilty, and eerit to a penal settlement. - Mre. Weevil, ashamed to show face in the neighbour hood, departed no one knew- whither. As for the ghost-story, es soon ag its salient points were known in- the neigh-' bonrhood, the house not only lost its bad character, bnt I became for -the time quite a kind of heroine," everybody praising- my courage and sagacity. I had the pleasure, some weeks : later, of entertaining in the honse Mrs. Richard Egerton, He former -Miss Roupel, whom the neighbourhood, conscious of unjust condemnation, received with open arms. After the term of my tenancy expired, the charming -honse let for a mere suit- iable rent ; and ever since, I bel eve, it has formed an adequate source of income . to its worthy owners. 