STARTLING TURF NOTES By Hruq Soalpeb. Now that aiwculation on tho big turf ovonts of tho yenr in boginning to attract notico, I felt it my duty to visit tho various training grounds and oxnmiuo tho nags — pardon tho slang, but a roally horsoy covo can hardly noip it. i should liavo written— " tho candi dates for Cup and Derby honors." Arriving at Flomington jnst at tho momont when tho oarly bird was considering whothor thoro wns light onough to distinguish tho lus- cious worm, I crawled into a damp "greasy clitcli nndoxammod a choap patontglnsabaclcod key low sort of chronomotbr with a viow to familiaipmig myself with tho complicatod inecliamsiii for taking tho timo. Having com pleted the examination of tlio instrument and sot it to satisfaction. I |>oorod ovor tho odgo of tho ditch and bolicld, within about tliirty yards of my ambush, a heavily oloakod nquohno nosod professional tout, who, so far as I could judgo from his operations, was bonking wholo pages of a bolting book with imaginary wagers. Ho smoked a cigar and sometimes sont out such a volumo of smoko that I folt sure ho had just taken somotbiug vory hoavy —say L10,000 against tho Duchess. Of course 1 may ho wrong in my conjectures, aud ho may liavo boon only constructing a now dictionary, or conqiosing a poem, or reckoning up Ins gas bill, or studying lus bank book, or making notes on tho revised version of tho rsow Testament. Still I havo a right to specu late on what ho was doing, but all racing and nil touting is a more muttor of speculation— and Homotimcs, I regret to remark, of a somo- what uncertain character. Whilst I was ruminating on tho antics of my nearest neighbour, 1 beciuno sensible 'of tho sound of hoofs playing tho liveliest of tattoos on tho lmrdoning turf. Instantly I pressed the key of tho patent keyless stopwatch, raisod my head in tho ditch, and behold a noblo chestnut racer plunging ovor tho daiaios in front of ino. In racing parlance, I ought to remark— saving your presence— that tho animal 'was imkcd. I should not havo thought it necessary to mention tho circumstance, did I not observe that tho orthodox touts novor fail to toll. thoir eager followers that this horse went in "ahood,"thoothorin " body clothes," another In " quartor clothing," a fourth with a "neck picco, etc., otc. , As tlio noblo creature strode ovor tho turf, I noticed that ho was joined by a black or . brown ammnl, and tho two camo tearing towards my plaeo of concoalmout in a manner ' that made 'mo fool oxtromoly uncomfortable I therefore lay down as thoy passod, By-and-byo two groy and a bright bay hprso or mare— I could not distinguish which— flow past mo. ' Again I workod tlio patent koyless stop-watch. Tho fun was getting fast , and furipus. ' Batches of throb or' tour liorsos at' a . timo kept swooping by, tho small boys on thoir books yelling, and tho dust flying freoly. ' ' It now dawned upon mo that, liko a bad gonoral, I bad taken up a very bad if: not dang'oroiiB position. ' As tho morning woro on I had horsos in front of mo, right of mo, loft -ofme, everywhere ; nor could I percoivo a singlo 8nfo lino of retreat out of thoditoh. Indeod; I began to rogrot that I ovor, got . into it. I saw that if I went in ono direction I should bo infallibly run ovor ; if I wont in tho other I should bo walked over or kicked. Whonovor I showed myself above tho ditch somoliorso or other would shy and I was loaded with jockoy jike imprecations ; if I laid down I might re main thoro to midday bosidos boing rendorod incapnblo of gaining any of that most valuable information that always rewards a faithful and patient tout. Tho situation was most embarrassing bocauso apart from other considerations I commenced to fool mean. It did not seem to mo to bo altogether a gentlemanly occupation to dodge about in a ditch, and tho idea of boing kopt prisoner there, for somo uncortain period against my will, involvod a loss of self-respect, without which no tout can bo a pronounced success. Fortune, howovor, came to my assistance in tho form of tho man whom I hod first observed making entries in a betting book shortly aftor dawn. As ho passed near mo I rose, and bid ding him good morning, kopt as closo to him as good brooding and tho want of an intro duction would permit. He proved to bo a good, though suspicious and taciturn pilot, and I w.ib cxtrcmoly glad, aftor a ploosant saunter, to find mysolf at tho gates of tho training ground. Hero a number of touts who apparently had arrived luto on tho ground, wore ques tioning all comers as to wlmt was done first, whether this ltorso ' wont," whothor so and so u8ont his string," whothor there was any " fast work," otc. Tho answers woro all duly recorded in note books— as I undorstood for tho purposo of boing printod in tho nows- (Minors under tho heading of "Turf notes." Having thus disco vored bow newspaper turf mixture was manufactured, I got hold of an aged grey-haired, bow-leggod, man, who was apparently breakfasting upon a long strnw, and invited his confidences by warming his head at tho noarest hotel. . Taking out my note book I took down from my friends dictation as follows ' Training Notes. Tlio Ghost walked at half-past five and is a nico movor, not half as stiff as many a ghost I've soon. ;My First Lovo spurted on tho tan, and could, if pressed, havo spurtod ou a tanner." Sir Modrcd did a solemn breather in grand style, and finished gay as a peacock. IIo winked strangely as ho past First Lovo. Tho Duchess, looking pink, went in com pany with Lord Olifdon, the Duke looking very sore as thoy soilod away. ;"\Vhispor, Clmttorer, Cynic and Yonom fol lowed doing good serviceable work. LordBurloigli looked a trifle fresh as ho camo away from Cromo do Bnnsny, Ho does not look whon with First Water. Royal Moid is a nico movor but by an Odd Trick she turned a Somorsot on tho tan whilst Lord Lisgar was asking Pawnbroker to make an advance on Kohinoor. Rivorton did twico round slow, and onco square fast. At this stngo I observed a strange glitter in tho old man's oyo which led iuo to doubt his truth and sincerity, and I refused to tako auy more of Iris "information." N.B. — I havo sinco loarncd that; ho is a harmless lunatic who daily' haunts 'tho training ground and tho raco-courso, where his fortuno wns brokon, aud his reason shattered by his losses. ' 1 