Amusements. The Gaiety Theatre. — This pleasant aud coo fort&ble; pla.ee of amusement was e-'atnmeci with a respectable and intelligent audience last night, who enthusiastically applauded ike efforts of the singers, and especially those of the principals, namely. Miss ilontagno and Miss Lambert, and Messrs. Turner and Farley. WaUaoe's popular work, 'Maritana,' with a cast wfaieh in theatrical parlance ia called powerful was represented, the cast beins aa fol lows i— King of Spain, Hr. J. Gordon ; Don Cass&r; de Basau, Mr. Charles Turner ; Don Jose. l£r. Ed Farley; Marquis, Mr. George Johnson; Lazarillo, Miss E. A.. Lambert; Captain of the Guatd, Mr. Francis ; Aloa.de, Mr. W. P. Morrison ; Marchioness, Miss B. Sutherland ; TiTaritana, Mi»s Annie JEontftgne. We hare seen it stated that Mr. Turner was snffer iag1 from relaxed throat, and consequently had to sing everything 8«ore-i above F aa octiv« lower. Of course he did fing everything scored above F (5th line treble stave) an octive lower, for he could not do otherwise without introducing falsetto notes, inas much as the tenor voice is aa octive below tbe soprano ; but it was not a relaxed throat that com pelled him to sing thus, nor was there any marked symptoms of relaxed throat perceptible in his singing. In fast he sans exceedingly well, and showed himself to be what we wiil take the liberty of calling1 a master tenor. His .singing was mnsicianly throughout, eweet to every unprejudiced ear, and without even the ghost of a-n attempt to split the ears of ins ground lings. Hiss Montague made a charming and spars ling Gitana, and, by her appropriate action, infused a great dtal of dramatic are into her part. Her singing was faultless. Miss .Lambert made an effec tive Lazarillo, bat, in her rendition of ' Alas, those chimes,' she appeared to be suffering from a slight eold. We never heard Mr. Farley sing badly, and consequently bis Doc Jose laat night was no excep tion to the rule. He had to submit to an enooro ia 'Happy Moments,' as Mr. Turner bad to do m '* Let me like a. soldier falL' Mr.- Gordon, as the King of Spain, displayed a voice which on account of itB depth, weie-ht, roundness, and rich ness, will yet enftbJe him to oocnpy a prominent position on the lyric stage. His ensemble is taking and piesent&ble;, but he needs life and animation. A more careful study of stage business would enable hiai to display his gifts to hotter advantage. He will yet be a fine basso prof undo. The choruses were all carefully and spiritedly rendered, and a word of praise is also dne to the orchestra, and especially to the first violin, for the admirable Etj-le in which the accompaniments were executed. We shall say but little about the scenery, say that we think it mi»kt have been better. ' Maritana ' will ba performed again to-night, and in fact promises to hive a 'long ran, Ia our report on the Ajrieoltn-al Society's exhi bits we emitted to notice a pony cart, varnished ; a brougham for one pair of horses, and «. sociable for one feorse, exhibited by Messrs. Haininjjand Schimel, of 207, Cwtlereagh-street, of this city. These vehicles are finished in the highest style of the coach mtktr's art, and are very handsome. They are luxuriously cushioned, a,iid have besa highly com mended by the judges. 