TALES AMD SKETCHES. PRODIGAL FLAT. ' AN AUSTRALIAN STORY- I ' By MARK JOHNSON. I ClIArTER vi,—' The Jvdgr Spbaks op ms I Fhikkd, Sit, as B. Wicks. S During tho lioxt two' days tho mon wore toily occupied in tho work of "clearing-up/ I B.5 last hoap of "wash dirt " from thou claim ns lying at tho end of tho V long-torn," and, as thoy had plqnty of wator, thoy oxpected to finish early on tho third morning, Whilo thoy ate engaged upon their labor, Jack, whoso turn it is to act as "slush," or cook, is in Helen's company at tho hut— in overy way an excellent companionship. But thoro is a great cliango in Jack since llden appeared— two nights back, Two titglits back ! Why, if Jack wero to measure his thoughts and sensations of tho last forty - eight hours or so by tho ordinary rule of time, lie would consider yoars had passed ; years, too, full of erontful interest. Thoro is a ttrango fluttering in his hoart, and a strango tinning in his face. Jn fill 111? Hfo )l<? hto never experienced such sensations as affect him ' now. He endeavors to stiflo his unquiot feel- ' IbRs by mentally dilating upon all sorts of things connected with bis partners and their gold; but mental dobato docs not avail him Sufficiently to restore his wonted cosiness. Ho fas only to suffer his glance to "wander (in deed, his glance will wander whether ho lufTi-rs it or not) towards Helen, and his equanimity takes to it6olf wings. Yes, it is die that causes tho fluttering heart and chang- 1 I kg color. It is all over witli him, for ho is in | love. ' 't With her so near to him— hor dainty figure , I constantly boforo him— her sweet voico in his | cars, ho hardly knowB what ho doos or says. f; At length ho discovors that by .kooping up a ; continuous flow of words ho feels most at ease. So, ultimately, lie finds himself launched into ft Slowing recital of his own poreonal history k England. Ho tolls hor of his going to work at the cotton factories ; how sadly, ho used to think, tho wheels scorned to moan ; how, in disown mind, ho invested tho iron monsters ith an ideal being; how tho shriek and tho tear ran mad riot with a crowd of whimsical, fantastic fancies ; how tho moaning'— tho frcaty monotonous moaning — distressed him, taeemed so much liko lamentation; how ho fticd to find words to express tho feeling embodied in its distressful, uncliangoablo cry, He tells hor that at that time ho saw nothing alnird in lriBjmngining that this samo moan- kg was occasioned by tliu sympathy of spirits, which hovered in tho air of the dreary rooms; and v.lui, out of pity and compassion for the flwdatimfc toiled wearily 'and hoart-Bidc amid lbs hot and unhealthy atmosphere— outof pity kfthe whito, bloodless faces and listless oyes i f men and women; out of pity for tho vast multitudes of the young, whoso livos wore flushed therein, and whoso bodioswero con- ' kininatcd by tjio poisonous breaths floating ever about. Aye, surely, at tho tiino ho hardly any absurdity in fancying that thoso 'pirita hovering above, beholding such scenes, thus testifiod their sympathy in this torribto moaning. He goes oven farther back in his history, and fella her how lie folt when lie first realised tho fcet that ho had truly commcricrd Lifo in cnicat. How disappointed ho was at first 'henlio compared tho advorHoness of his posi- «on with tho positions of others ; how ho ancied, ho was involved in a sort of struggle, which behoved him to look ahead ; how thoso weas, with other similar idea's did not como uPnhirnono by ono in solitary dignity, but jtther witli a hard, unpleasant knock ; how ? Sed those ideas in order, and contom- \ tlieir strength nnd reaourcos ; and how | Merely his courage was tested by thoir ap. parent magtiitudo ; how tho pupils of his oyes, being unaccustomed to tho strong glaro of actuallifo, became painfully contracted, and prcpentod. things in a totally different aspoct. All this, and more, Jack poured diligontly out to Holon, who listonnd with tho sweetest of smiles. "But nil thcso things aro now well over," said Jack in continuation. " My people aro now quito free from tho moan of whool and spindlo. God has been very good to us sinuo wo came to this country. Ho has blessed us with a more tlian ordinary share 6f the good things of this lifo, nnd wo are all very happy. . Mrs Leo, I must beg you to como and stay with us for a time.. It is a delightful place, and you will bo the best of company for my sister j Ruth. Tray promise mo yon will como." "Ishallbovory glad to go with you, Mr Clare," she replied, " if you really wish mo to do so. I can imngino what your people must bo liko— judging from yourself, if you will pardon me for saying so. As yot I cannot tell what I shall oventuatly do. I am quito un known in this part of tho world. When— whon my husband wont to tho goldfiolds, I folt suro ho would not stay long. I imagined, . when ho found 'how laborious tho work was, that ho would surely return at an early poriod. Qis first few.lettors spokodiopofully, although no good fortune had as yet, como to ho coosod to write-to mo. I can only assumo that ho must'Iiavo bcon ill, for his health was never quite good ; indoed, it was by tho advico of a physician that 'he mado tho voyage hero, as a chango of air, it was mipposod, would af ford him banofit. To add to my trouble, shortly after ho loft mo in Molbonrno, I re ceived tho intelligence of the death of my mother. She was the only relative I had in tho wide world." "I am deeply sorry for you," said .Tack, comm'isorafcingly. "It must bo, indeed, tor- riblo for ono like yoursolf to be so situated. But you will come with mo— with us, rathor, to HnthcrJow, where you will find rest from your trouble." "Yon, I will go with you," Holon repliod. 'Tiro men will chccr, tliu Iwys will shout The Imlios, thoy will id! turn out, Ami wo'Il all sing gay When Johnny Comes marching homo." It is ovc, and tho men aro returning home ward. The Judgo has such a pleasurable fool ing upon him, that ho cannot resist breaking into song, aiul it is his voice which trolls out tho above ditty ns thoy come up to the door. Nor is that pleasurnblo feeling of his any stronger within him than is a certain idea which ho hao fixod firmly in his mind— th-% idea that it bohovos him to endeavor, by nfi the means m his power, to cheer up tho he vt of tho pretty. widow— not to lot hor fret ton sorely. Indeed, ono would think from their action, that thoy are all infiuoncod by the samo id ja which possesses Sam'smink, for thoydeictornusly guide the stream of conversation into ail' sorts of channels tipavt from those conduits which 'flow into tho wide, deep sea of hor dUtress. Thoy aro all very tondor to her— Jack, perhaps most of all, although George is highly so, and wonderfully solicitous withal. It was George j who earliest tendered his sympathy aftor tho " first shock had passed over hor. There wero ! few men who could bo so gentle ns ho. "So, it is quito agreed," says Jack, at tho close of some conversation— tho meal now over arid the group still sitting around the tablo— " quito agreed lhatlltttherlow istobo our bond quarters when wo leave this,". "Right you air, Jack," says tho Judge, "I on'y wish iny old pardncr, Silas, war ono o ' tho crowd. By-tho-byo, did I over toll you about Silas an' tho widow Wagstar ? No "W'nl, tliot's strango, too. It war a spcciinont o' tho almightiest piece o'bluff ns over ye heard tell on— that atfair between hor an' Silas. ,Yo .see, Silas, an' ino war pardnera, an' tho bant o' pardnors ho war, too. Thar warn't nothin' lie didn't know about minm' an' sich liko, — whotburallnvinl, deop-sinkinf, or roofin', it war all ono to him. Ho hod a head on him, hod Silas, tliet a follow might bo well proud on. It | war a hood as you won't find tho likos on— no, hot between Prodigal Plat an' tho Gulf o' Carneutaria, It war a head, too, 'at war gifted too yays — inside, it couldn't bo bo't for raal up-nn'-down thinkin', an', outside, it couldn't bo liok'd for thickness. Naow, I don't kcor 'bout you siniliu' at mo sayin' Silas had a thick skull jnary a bit. I's'poso you think bccaUHO I say that Silos had or thick head that in gnprsghQwarfttiuvkheftd. Ef you reckon so.lthen you havn't got thoe'roet hago tlring3 for oust, I guess. That man fo'ut wi Ingins, he did, an' his head turned the edge ov a toma hawk ; ho tumbled kor-slap down a . eighteen- foot. hole, at Blue Hoss Ranges, in Oaliforny, an' struck bottom mostly with his head, an' warn't hurt in' nary cose. -Thot skull o' his hed morothumpin' in scrimmages nQr would a'smaslicd any common head into chips. A.n' . yot, for all this, r-for all ho'da hood liko thet on irim— a head as should 'a' carried .him safe anywhere— that man wor "took, in an1 - do-- ceivedat larstas onsy asa little baby oould be. - . . "Wo war diggin' down to Three Forks, wharMohitablo Wagstar kep' a bos saloon. Moitablo was widow to Malachi Wagstar, who'd been wiped out in front ov his own bar, by Big Ginger, whon hokotchod hira tryin on a bit o' crooked, business in a nana o' poicor. Mrs Wagstar warn't by no means a bad-look- in' piece o' furniture— rather otherwise. She war big, an' plump, ah' frosh-lookin'— with a smile on her that 'ml stick in a chap's gizzard liko notliin' else could in tho wholo creation o . cats. Anyhow, Mehitablo stuck in Silas's gimrcT mcroVi war 'good for his health. I novorsecd a man clnngo so much as ho did. Ho war everlastin!lyrmoochin' around thot bar o' hor'n; an' ef he seed her a bit froo liko with oriybo'dy as happened to bo timr it war wuss nor pizen to litm. In course, sich a state o' things couldn't go on for ovor. Silas mado up bis mind to ax her to marriage, an', of she re used him, h'o'd blow his brains aout afore hor very oyes. " Silas warn't no ways a poor man. Ho had a pooty littlo pile in a bank down to 'Frisoo— moro'n scvon thousand dollare ; an', lookin at tlio hull consarn, ono 'ud think thar could bono just causo or impedimont avrin him ftn hor hit. chin' together. Naow, I hate to say onyfchin abaout a woman— I du; but in this ere caso o Silas's Iconsidorod it my dooty— a square friend o' hifi'n,— to say a word or two. I told him tliot with all his mighty intolldck he war goin' to du a thing as is tho foolishest thing as a man kin du. I proved to him— I tried to, anyhowr- tliotft man throws npswoot liberty an'sur0 comfort when ho goes in on n woddin' spec. I told him ho might think he'd hev somo com fort an' liberty loft after the thing war done, but it 'ud be a mighty precious bit— puttin' it nsido o' what ho had aforo. In fao' I argiod with him till I'd nary a argymont loft. I might jest as well a' spoko to tho moon. IIo said lie could sco ns far into a milestone as any other man, an tliet lio'd Btako his bottom dol lar on .Mehitablo bavin1 a good 'art. Ho axon ho of she'd hov liiin, an' she said she would. .He fetched his greenbacks from 'Frisco, an rrangod a settlement on her j moro'n thet— was so far gone — to show to her linow real fond lie war on hor, an' bccauso she axed him to do it, for fun — an' to prove thet he'd no courted hor for hor dollars— ho made her hov another bill fixod, so's what she lied belonging to hor coiilrln' bo touchod by anybody only hor. "For a week or two after their woddin', I guess Silas war about as strong an' happy a man ns tliar war in tho hull U-nitod States. AV lion he'd sea mo, ho'd dig lus thumb into my ribs, and say, 'Hanw aboiit tho liborty an' comfort, oh, Somuol, my boy?' I couldn't mako it aout, nohow, but I kinder imagined to my self as it couldn't last— that thev'd com a jim jam, presently. An' I warn't -wrong, I guess. Iu a week or two more I fancied lio war pAlor- ' lookin', and kinder daown in tho mouth. , T knowed as well as of ho'd spoko what war around, but I didn't let on. It warn't long aforo I hocrd as ho'd begun lickin' Mrs Wicks, but I wouldn't beliovo it, for I'd always found him a different sort o' man to what that talo made him aout. Still, I jest thought it might bo bo. She might ca riled him overmuchly, an ho forgot liissolf, an' let out. But, for all that, I didn't considor it right, an' I thought I'd jest lot him know, in a kinder sort ov a way, that it warn't 'xactly tho square thing to do to a woman. "Ono night, thinkin' to hov a quiet cliat, an' let him know mv onininnof his conduct.Iwenb daown to his saloon. But I hedn't quito reached tho door, whon I heord tho most awful yells ov ' Murder ! Murder 1 1 1 Murder-r-r I i 1' como aout ov his shanty. What on airth could ho bo doin' on, I wondered. Could Silas be innrderin' his wife ? Thar war nobody in the bar whon I kem up, but another ha'ririsin' yell ft' Murdor-r-r-r- 1 kem aout ov a back sittin'-room, an I went in. Thar war Silas, stannin' up in tho middlo ov tho room— slarin' at his missus as if sho war a ghost. Sho was ly in' on tho floor, kickin', and goin' on terrible. When sho see's mo, sho gave anothor kick, an' says: '0, Mistor Yorkl Mister' York 1 you hov saved my lifo. O ! hohasbeon bcutin' ino shameful. Ho war goin' to murder mo if you hodn't kem in. For tho swcot love o' heaven, Mr York, don't leaveme, or ho'll finish mo. for euro !' and then sho gov an othor kick aout, and rolled ovor into a heap, an' gasp'd liko a duck in a thunder-storm. " Nary a word spoko Silas. Ho loolc'd like Rip Van Winkle when ho roused up artor his long roost. I says to him, mournful liko : 'Silas, old pard, you hov disapp'intod mc. I never thought you'd a doncsioh a moan thing ns lick a woman." He turns raound than, doo< ! Silas, an' says, kindor brokon like : 'Samuel, I I know this 'poavs mighty bad. But you j don't know, old man, .you don't know. I'vo 1 novor l»it a finger on that woman — nary a fingor. Look h'ynr, Sam. Whon this row I started, shv war jest doctorin' tho stuff. Sho ' war puttiir water into tho boor by bucketful, j nu' thou stickiu' in salt, an' molnsso, an' ' cockoloiuifi indiaus, an'sioh liko rob— to mako I it strong cfLcr so much water, I guess. Then who gets a can o' inforual black coppcrass, as has been bilin' in a big iron i>ot, au'shishcBt)i8 hull daimicd stuir among the re.st— to put a . head on it, as \t's tarmed. I said I wouldn't hov it done, an' tried to stop hor, an' no Boonor did I do so, an' whow as I moant it, than she daowns with her on tho floor hero an' squalls murder, Ef she don't got hor own vay, daown bIio goes d'rectly, an' yells till tho whole dingiu's comes to see what's wrong. Blnrst mo ef it ain't orful. Ton my soul I can't stand it, an' that's a fao'.' Soon oftor this Silas took mortal bad.' Oho night nt supper ho got burniii1 .'in his iu'wards, ftii'nickislmess,nnd so on, till lie nct'HyboHoved ho was booked for kingdom coino, an' no mis take, His missus war in a torriblo way about him— cryin' tremendous, an' axin' ovorybody whatever, over, should she do of her own, own Silns war took away from hor. Bub Silas didn't go undor thot go, I guess. Whon he como raound ho went to a doctor an' told him all abaout how bad ho'd boon — sick, an' so on. Tho doctor looks at him for a bib, an' thon ho tolls Silas as it war -pizen as war so nqar cookin' him. "My old pardnor kom up to my tontthet day an' told me. He said lie couldn't stop in his 'oiiso atrin. nohow, ' an' then axed mo what I thought about , tho diggin's 111 j Victoria. By-an'-byo I could see he war dyiu' to ax mo to kem ovor h'yar 'long with him, an' I axed him of I warn't right. Ho said I war, nxi then wo inadoitupto cl'ar, an' cl'arwo did,- sure onough,:noxt day. When wogot a goodish- 1 way Rout.oftho township, ho perked up a bit 1 liko his old soif ; bub whon wogot farther nn- farther oft— wal, raaly, I thought ho'd gono 'most wild. Helnughod an' squirmed, an' at larBt ho riz in his stirrups and yollu— bo's all tho . woods and plains rung agin—' Hurrah 1 fur liberty an' comfort onst agin !' ' "Yes," concluded tho Judgo, "I should 'a' bin mighty glad of Silas could 'a' como with us to Hatlierlow. Him an' mo war together at Maryborough, but ono night ho thought he \- seed a woman as resoinblod his missus, an' blarmjmo of ho warn't ol'ar'd aout in the mor- nin'."! ClIAPBR . Vir.— " COOKNEY" AND " SHADOW." From : his grapliio history of Silas's conjugal oxperienco, tho Judge launched into a host of oilier and similar yarns, each overflowing with m. ..int. Aonnrint.innft ' And nOVOl Situations. Finally ho said he would rolato an incidontin which, lynching was .resorted to, and from which case; and the part lie took in it, ho was afterwards dubbed " Judgo." Up to this time Georgo had apparently boon highly amused with old Sam's narrative; but if. any ono bad ' observed Goorgo closely, thoy would not havo .failed to discover a great amount of counterfeit fooling— falso ring iu his laugh, .a covert glance in his handsome eyes, a nervous twitch' in tho comers of his mouth, a .constrained offort in Ins brilliant smllo. just ns tho Judge is about to plungo : nto his story of tho lynching, howovor, George, laughingly protesting iiis inability to undergo any further infliction of Sam's mirth, plea santly oxcusos himself to tho company, and says ho will tako a saunter down through tho township. , George's smile passes away as ho emerges upon tho Flat, and a grim, sot appearance of determination pervades tho whole man. It is now past ten o'clock, and tho night, though soinewhut dark, is cool and ploasant, . Ho rapidly makes his way towards the grog shanty, which lies over on tho border of tho " scrub j'1 but, when ho arrives thorp, ho does not go boldly in— as is tho wont of tho shanty's cus tomers. Ho slinks about behind tho heaps of "mullock" which aro scattered everywhere and peeps, from ovory available point, of varitago, now into tho bar, and now through tho windows at tho roar, out of which float tho sound of rattling dico and tho confused murmur of voices. He listens iutontly to these voices,' as though ho would fain pi ok out of tho rude gamut thoy make somo particular one of exceptional intorost. But ho evidently does not. sucueod in satisfying himself, for tho dark, sot look upon his faco grows darker yot and more desperate. Ho is turning away with I muttered curso of disappointment, when, at a shotft distance, a voico is borne to him, sing- ing:- 41 I'm a chickalonry bloko, With my ono, two, three, And Whltectinpcl's tlio place I was bom in." George starts at the sound, and quickly goes :in direction of tho Binger, who procoefis "with : — '"I can do a littlo slmfllfi With athlmbloor apca; , ;I'in up to ovory fakomont, Whatever it may lie. ' Tho singer stops short ns Georgo cemos Buddorily up boforo him and exclaims : "'Hallo I what the ' 0 1 it's you, is it ? By the living-gingor you givo a bloko a scare, an' no'bloomin' orror." 'JIu8h," Baid George, hastily/ "I want you nnd Shadow at once. There is work- on band which must bo gono into without any delay. Where is ho?" . "He's asleep ovor in old Sol's shanty thoro;" "'"Well, go indirectly," continued George.. "'Go in carelessly, so that no ono will notico anything particular in you. But bring him outnt the very earliest chance. I,wlll wait for you lliero." . In three or four minutes, Georgo was re- . joinecTby.his Into companion, wIio.wae accom- pftriiedibyhhugo, powerfully built man— tho in- dividual who una neon designated as Sha dow." Thcso acquaintances of Georgo were 'both old "desortora," who had baon "sont out" — ono '(tho singer), who was known ns " Cook- ney," for 'burglary, and the other, who," from 1iis enormous bulk, had been facetiously dubbed "Shadow," for a poaching affair in Lanca shire, in «which a gamekeeper had mot with his do&ih.; Thoy were both hard, callous mon, holdingaloof from nothing, however dangerous, which would tend to bring thom gain, or glut their animal cravings. "I havo sought you out," said Georgo, ad dressing thorn, "becauso tho time has now fully arrived for -pushing to an ond tlio affair I have already diacusscd with you. Tho returns havo now entirely ceased, and it has beon quito re solved upon that wo oloar out to-morrow. Now, either by hook or crook, by fair moans ; or foul, that pile must be got away to night. I nm against any further blood-shedding aftor Leo's nffnir ; but if it can't bo avoided it will be thoir fault and not ours. What moans do you consider it preferable to uso ?" "When, tho'r's no' bur three on urn," says Shadow, " an' wo con manage 'em easy enough, aw should think. When, aw could deawn two on 'em mysol', Aw, duuno' soo why it should no' bo dono o' that'n— soein as vnVir f,n fflaart of a sons o blood, as vo' reckon yo'are." v< " Shad," replies Georgo, " Whon I toll you that tho wife cf Tom Lee— tho man you mur dered at Shuloagra— is in.tho very hut, what say you thon ?" " What do aw say?" Shadow repeats. " Aw care nowt for hor bom theer no more I nor yo' cared for ou't bur yo'sol' whon you sont mo deawn dior mon's shaft to fix Irim." "Hush," whispers Georgo. "I have boon thinking how strange it is that sho should bo where sho iH at all— so liable to tho fato which befel her husband. You nve quito wrong, Shadow, when you imagine I am afraid . of the sight of blood. Bub this woman— somo- how it seems a pity to do her harm. How- over, she must tako hor chance. Have you anything to say, Cockney ?" l. t,I;vatUcr. .think so,'.' is the roply,...iLYovi„ sny thoro's a pile as 'ill fetch, may bo, forty .thousand quid, in your placo. What I want to know is, howte tho sharin 'to go ? You'ro not going to walk off with so much more nor your wliack'comcs to—as you did atSlmleagra If there's as much as you say, thon' its ton thoii. a-piece for mo an' Shad, an' you get tho remainder. Why, Lord, it seems to mo as you don't savee how to use coin wlion you do get it. You knocked down tho parson's pile nearly as soon as we did our own trifle, what with your dico an' your cards, an' what not. What's more, togotwhatyoudidyouran no I risk; you left all the dirty work to Shad an me. ' Howovor, that's a gone-bye. What I want to know now is, is it a bargain that Shad mi' me is to havo ton thou, out of this iob?" ,rYe&,"said.Gcorgo, who inwardly cursod tho speaker's volubility, while inwardly chuckling nt his secret intention to speodily snatch book from tbeir grasp.tho two ton thousands thoy already hold in perspective. "Yevit'isa i bargain. And, now, be quick, and lot mo hear what you propose to do," ' " Well," says Shadow "Aw stick to what aw snidafpro— 'atitwe go, three to throe, an smash 'em straight forrad. Thoro's somo sense in it, too. Ther'd bo no neighso nor nowt o' that sort, an that's summut to think on. When, if either on yo' aro fceart,aw'm hang'd if I winno go on' takon hem mysel' that rends, for a gallon 'o'beor. Whoa are thoy!— a owd Mor- ( riky chap, a swell physio follow, an' a stuck-' up clnimp ov a youngster. Go root into 'em— that's o' 'afj aw havo to say." " Simplefas it is," says Georgo "and feasible, too, it is, .nevertheless, uot' a good idoa, Sha dow, because it is open to failure. For in- stance) they might bo bettor prepared for you than you think ; indeed, their revolvers are always carried loaded upon thoir persons. Or, thoy may possibly bo able to overpower you, rinnnitA vour. enormous Btronorth. Another thing, I do not waut to be soon in tho nffair at all— not by any moaus; not becausolam in the least "afraid of danger, but because if the business did flash in the pan, I might, for one thing bo able to render you ulterior assistance; and, for another thing, being unsuspected, I should, as a matter of courso, duly receive my lawful share when tho division was ultimately mode. You see, I speak plainly with you. I havo much to win— if I can. So htivo you; but if you fail in assisting me, your loss will be a complotoono, because I- am assured of a portion, whilo you "are assured of nothing— presuming you Buffor yoursolvos to bo beaten. Qocknoy, what do you propose ? " " I imagine it would bo more tho thing if wo could divido 'em, somehow," suggests Cocknoy, It could bo worked evorso muchoasior if wo could only get 'em apart, an' so lesson tlio chances of a bilk. I suppose you could'nt put us up to a lay of that sort ? " Georgo, pondering for a tiino ovor tho ques tion, replies : "Yes, tho i()oa is not a bad ono. At tho Batno time thoro is ono obstaclo in tho way — one, too, of your own rearing. What in tlio name' of common sense possessed you to be loitering about thoir clearing-up, aud so drawing attontion towards yourselvea ? I pro- sumo you considered you wore wp to somo smartdodgory whon you were thus so foolishly exposing yourselves. But, understand me, they observed you, closely too, qud are sus picious. You actod very unwisely. Why could you not loavo tho mnnageraont fully in xriy own hands ? Howovor, wo ore wasting valuablo time.' I .wonder whether it is pos sible they will recognise you if you . go singly up to the hut; Tlio probabilities aro that they will not-r thanks to the night. LiBton,, you, Shad; ' You will at once go up to tho hut, -and call but tho doctor. Keep well out of the way : of nil light, if poBsiblo. . Tell Boo thorp is an rgent case requires his attendance. Say Boozy Miko 1ms biokon his .log, back, or what ever youthink best. Ho will go with you, I am positive, for he has never reftisod to attond whon so summoned. Now, remembor, tlmt upon the way it is of vital importance that you do something to Irim which will render . him incapable of interfering with our project. . I havo ovory confldonco in leaving Irim in your hands, Shad. You, Cockney, will follow on a suit similar to that of your friend. Ton mi- I nutos aftor Shad has disappeared with tho doctor,' you will also go to the hut, and inquire if a person known as ' tlio Judge' lives there. When he comc's out to Jyou, toll 'him there is an elderly/digger-looking individual, down near tho shanty, inquiring about him. Mention tho namo of Silas, and ho will follow you fast enough, doubtless. Now, what 1 havo already said to Shad, I repeat to you. By whatever means you consider it best to uso, you will contrivo to deal with tho Judgo in a manner similar to TyoUr mate's dealing with Doc. You will then both return witli -rill speed, and, meeting at tho lint, will, of >courso, have rio obBtncle of farther consequonce botweon you and your object. Shad, you will start at once. I, mysolf, will go into tho shanty ovor thoro, and await' your report. I -wish you luck boys." (To bo continued.)) 