ENTERTAINMENTS. DRAMATIC. &c.; Mr. Leake, the " emotional tragedian," made an essay in the high school of tragedy last week by playing " Hamlet," bat the character of the melancholy Prince was hardly enhanced thereby. Mr. Leake, however high his abilities might have been, appeared to have either nndershot.or overshot the mark at which they stick, and he was not at home in the part he undertook, per haps through the fault of Shakespeare in not introducing the right kind of "emotional tragedy" into the play of "Hamlet" to give scope for Mr. Leake's powers. Ophelia was undertaken by Miss Myra Kemble, who did not shine in it. The Polonias of Mr. Whyte wee a good average representation, and Mr. Yincent made a ghostly ghost. The other performers did not greatly contribute to make the thing a success, and perhaps it was felt to be a relief when it became known that " Hamlet" was not likely to be repeated under suoh auspices. There was a fair and not undemon strative house. On Saturday night Mr. Leake and his|supporters came out in better style in a piece evidently more suited to their particular turn|of "talent." Bartley Campbell's drama. " My Partner," was presented on Saturday night in a style considerably in advance of what one might have expected after seeing the "Three Guardsmen." For the effects of scenery Mr. Massey deserves the credit, and he received doe recognition at the hands of the house; for the play we are indebted to Bartley Campbell, and for the beet impersonation in it Mr. Leake can establish a claim. " My Partner" is essentially an American drama, it treats of rough life in California, and gives us the sentimental side of it, as shown ue by the graphic pen of Bret Harte. Te people who understand American peculi arities of epeecb, and Oalifornian digger customs, it has its points of interest, bat to the ordinary Adeladeian of good taste the agony is piled np too high, and the whole thing strained. The scene is laid in a Oalifornian settlement, where Joe Saunders (Mr. Leake) and Ned Singleton (Mr. H. A. Douglas) are dis covered as partners in a digger's claim. Another character is Matthew Brandon, an English merchant out of luck turned hotel keeper, and be has two daughters, Grace and Mary. There is a villain in the piece named Scraggs, a rejected suitor of the tall Mrs. Brandon, and he makes most of the mischief out of revenge and jealousy. Saunders falls in love with Mary, and Bed Singleton follows suit. Singleton ruins Mary, and Saunders, finding it out, compels his partner to promise the only amendment he can make—marriage. The partners dissolve, Soraggs murders Ned, seizes the gold of the partners, and sncceeds in shift ing the appearance of guilt on to Saunders; but the latter having a friend in a Major Britt (Mr. Yincent), a lawyer, gets acquitted, Scraggs . is found to be the real criminal in accordance with poetioal justice, and things come out about square. There is a Heathen Ohinee named Wing Lee (Mr. Solano), who does the funny business. Miss Myra Kemble appeared as Mary Brandon, and created 8n unusually good im pression. Mr. Leake was seen to advantage as Saunders; and Mr. Sterling White made Scraggs an out-and-out villain. As Wing Lee, Mr. Solano made np well, and that was abont all. Mr. H. A. Douglas was nothing particular as Singleton, nor did Mr. St. Lawrance make a hit as Brandon. Mies Nellie Mortyne, as Grace Brandon, gave life to the piece by her spright liness and generally effective acting, making the moet of the role. " My Partner" was re peated on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday nights. The Zulu War is still attracting good atten dances at Garner's Theatre. Wivell'a Art Gal lery has had several new piotures added to it, and is not neglected by the public. 