.MO T-, . SEPTEMBER 1, 1851. THE deputation' frh' Sale to Mr Bent fixed for to-morrow, gives us an opwer. tunity for.saying what we earnestly h1le will lies' few last woids on the well·aern subject of railwar exteision in Sorth Gilipisland, in order to place Sale in its true poisition before the Minister. lthas .beenalleged that Sale has ever opi?nel xniliay,communication_ with Bairnsdale; and that it is the "enemy of railway ex- tension in North Gippsland." Both state- ments are unfounded on fact. With re- spect to the first, Sale as a communnity has never soueht to interpose any obstacle to the inclusion of Bairnsdale in the gene- ral railway system of the colony. lndi- viduals may have objected to the prolrd, but neither in its journals, nor in any public expression of its collective voice, has Sale ever opposed the extension of "the main trunk.line to its eastern negh bour. All that Sale has said amount;ll to this:' Let Bairnud?le mke ke out its eon che. If it can bring forward anrul etg s to establish its clahis, let them be grantll and there is the fact of the surveyvtdoute from Stle to prove that alreadytheyhla been so far rve?.rnised. It is true tht since the survey was made constant water coumnunication between the teran nus at Sale and Bairnsdale has sme what disturb,1 the case for 1Bairns1i, but that has nothinng to do With the groeuntdle assertion that Sale has at anty time sought to prevent Bairnsdale att11 ing its le.itintate position in relation the railway. Equally gronundles is thie clare th+ Sale has proved itself an .. enemy to al ~ry extension in North Gipplland." has differed with the Railway LeagU:n to the best nmeuns of extending the rail .way service, but has never aimed at re' venting it. That would have hbeen a anr suicidal policy for Sale to purnue. a arnument hass been that railway exteln?"l' through Central North GippilSold sine'0 start fronm Sale northwards to Mathf ,an thence spread in any direction nwlhre5 railwav tnight be requiret, Gale thus beinl made easily accessible as the nearest port thlough which the prxluce of Centei North Gippsland would patss to tile Loken Entrance, and so on to Sydney and oter nmarkets. It ras one merit ot this plan that it would in no de ,ree become C," petitive as a railway service with tine existing mnain trunk. The eotler scn for which has been adopted, proeveid i railway extension from west to through central North Gipllannl' a i ing fromn the main line at Treralgl itc stead of fnro Sale, but does iotm iti preent shae' include conrnection i the latter 1place, though the railnvl i intended to run to a pient itthei miles of it. This is the defect whlsncn nlc deputation will ask 3Mr Bent to ,rene: We do not anuticiante they will exlesenne anr diffieulty in that respect. It Cisail tial to the completion of the cental re ?ay scheme that connection nwith sihould be established, for the reason arest stated. vi., that it will be tile en port of extort for the whole ee"tr M' a trict served by the railway. lenc t. insin, spc-akiangu reetl in y ference the rilw," prlicy of the f oLn "'crentl aid, " It f been la.id downns a rule which no Governmenn t rcounild c;h n t'"e that wherever the peoFle?-? tal. e a5 I soil theyv must be pruvided nthitn oenif conneiutciicatn to carry theirin ito` the neteat msrket or expon ,i. That is p~ecisdl the policy to lto whi"t deputation will ask Mread nt.t eftct. S ?ile, fro its geogrnl tion, will become the only "export town" for central North Gippsland, and its connection with the main central line we repeat, indispensable to the com- is, .e .rlooneptn of the. railway service for North Gippsland which has already been sanctioned. To.-iorrow morniting deputation fro i ile- rough Co unci of Sale will waitit tpon thle Ministcr of Railivais at Spednicer I street station, for the purpose of bringing I Wdcer his notice the importance of placing Sale in connection with the contral line of rilwhay. The Mayor lhis issued' invita tioes to loriding rcsidllts, antd to peiouson I ill IelboUruio iterestedt in ippslaiel, to. ,ttend with the deptitation, niid we are. requested by HisWorslhip to say that ias' Osuie omissions may lhave occurred in the, list of invitations, the presesnce of rea i. duts generally, vwho.desire to straenthon thie ands of the deputation, will lo gladly 1 elcoid,el The .deputation will leave by i tlis afternooi's 'train. MWlVe the railway busincess is di pS??, sf, the Io elsiti, It vill iaenke nusgiirea'aboutlthie Laee' Efn. trance,.athlo,llcow. Stato school, stlhe now I Receipt and Paty, Ollicoi anid other general I and local matters which sCeei to require I lokieng uip.t-Our lolboiurnlo teloegrau of .1 lst igt cohntains' a ,teiiiel;'whicl will .= :ie,.e the deputation (If some,) anxiety B with rcspdct td' t"li koSo 'keEntrisnc, but a they wi probabllys eblek to have it con- 1 firlmed. - Several lettersi'areI'unavoidibly held I over. At sunsut''tiif Sstifrdiiy, Ithol.stonamor Pretty Jute was still inside the Entrance,1 lnit hielforged-sievefl ird.-towarti'litlise channel;li r,:olo: Jri 8ug bmri onral/ Dm lMio ddialtd inth1d -lioilichdil 'ofilei'I for the" ctGsuing'wooR! a.?itho Gippslind 1i'e lournt by toleii) T? friioi Dunoll i. tllt acr!ylujiilg' 4 OI 0 .of . u'dens 1c Birthday Qu,,g, r?ptz onaqt}r+ ý ity ,;olot I! 307oz 18dwtl of uold. .;I. Serinmenis'is bohlnilf'ndtf) thobes.Wsldanii Ilne 'lii tlofis'?ri'ib proibhoil yeastrdray . by the Rev. W. W1iliitspa in tliochitrblies' Cf at Stritfdid' nildSal i," Thi a 'bidfiiit"' i public titoeting ,iii .i.il iif"'thd' lhiesfluisn tit W ill bio eld us ?" t'Sil. hi:i?i'cli', ahllti the , Tle general list of.votors for the East- I cru Province Enastern -Division,is ,in:ht ft possessioti of. MIriV; L.,Bolden; Electorall ii Riegtistar; aiteStratford?.?and',.can bo I in. spectodlthiy san porsontinterested' tlfereiill r Jidldgo 5lilltfriworthJis?"d fat r?,'iidedt strentlth as to,bei able"tbo'aklii carridge ciroe?O. Sh, outild iiis H''nouuri? oiitiiiue C to progrisse as' heqr} ' ieoui'unlnthe, liish' week or two, e will esool,,. be allo to,.r-, sumo his:placolon'tho be.nch.:,1 .t . fL At the Sub-Treasury are accounts for J. (:Anses id a'w G Kisig'iuid ll?. ''?~o, hall, Se'1 ?V ;::Wells' W· ile? lk" n?id; P Richalldson, 0 oPdl:':iR :. ; r' ` ?'' .i The ltdriofitcespls nearly Clio wheio.oifsf thi' 'iliieriri6otpi sof tlh irecent Ltiiud: League .ic?eting in Sale witthoii the custoi ' mary ackno?vledgn?ent. The survey of the railway routo:froit, c Tratelgon, it is stated, hals been compltedl.iv The surveys for the purchase of proper I ties remain to be doneo, and for several reasons these wFill be thoe nost itgqrestinig 1 at any rate to' indiyidtialu.id.. The suirvoy is commenced of the roite from. forwsvll to Mirboo.' . : It iill lie seiifroii tlii Gi.i.fct otice iuanotlher colunls tlatq1 fronm the :lt .Oct., next ttlioS;il o pol der nigazieo'?will .be ,' closediby order of:thb qioebrilnmoit!oPer t I edns. haviing stoeoksr k f Ik~unsowder;,fo? t bhastingl oer ditlheibpenitiion,5i'will theore- 1 froe hies tn store it ish best thedy'catn. Thlie abldlition.tf ''thsd'sgitskinu is cdlo',iie'spite I of the istltestt lIs't ' Ciiii ill' aTid iri?tlihe I absoiiesi of aii? itossii, a?"ejiato pl*lio i reasol+? .r. o, t , wa,, s ýa'll ,+f "r + , 1e+ aF :f!", 1 "I, ' J . r Soue tiiend 'sd,'.Itr",F;,i.Willianis+ tlio coeitr?ito' fer ,tieo i snliggigloingr f thelrivedl I Thomseon?f'6'fd'or'tedt6 ,tllb'Ootih'cil that hiis 'ontract ivas 'conipledtidd.?i'lthis -the CoeIcilt repobted''to. tho !Publio''"Vortks' ducpiatfiteit, asigii ? thoi'mto c?dil'aiii ii! I spector rI ?,vie'th esoai?, 0k Oin Satuuair ' 1 Mr Turner, tho inianagsr.:of:, thlie eiredi I operatious at the Lakes MIir H. :Lawe, Goo verinichet inipe corltof :IVork; Iivitle. Mrt Geogl?e i t tdifi' ilrk,;' iuspecteeid' the I rive'. Their .relort '?sill arppea'. iii, liu cOlleie C ii<,I i I'..F. : IG;H :j,.. .. ( i . r'," .Oi bistirlay afternoois thse ery "Naiisase some puroebredli shirtliorn ,bull ,.' Aga Inlnon's i12th Eairl,", arrived at Sale by rail fot Mr H 0 G. lassford;'eof Mowburn: 1 Pii'k 'He is by tlid celebrated iinidortoed l iill :giit on, w i lio took tib chlnitiions ,irics1lulta first pri eo at thlio Melbtournie' Nuitidonal"Sciletyit'e Show.s T?ho nowsar rival was durinLtlo th ? ffirioon inspected at: tlie'Criteriont' atablesby a number :of personis'intdresttid 'in cattle 'a ias s?il' all siddes.i diiittcd to bo a iilbeilidisl p'lci' men of itholbovioi race. ?,His.colour, is. blood 'iod, with a little white ,.was calved' 1Sth' No;'.,°18790 ; aid' was' brot- by 'Mr 0\. B. Fisher,, of Maribyrn6ig' ."' "Thb' pedigi'dfr'6f IthletEarl'i ivebiy isngthl,y and comprises stiiiiiis'ilsfiblooid from MIr Baties' hord 'on tle dam''s sid e. .: . serious acideit occurred yesterday, afternoonu.iu Maiolitster-street to a "young, imhan n ilnoed.Jaiiines iFrancis, from Tarra-. ville, wlhb" hhie'rh citly beori working at thi'tHll' TdIp' "It'W'woitld appoe.' tliait bn'o Soaturday Francis ~clfiunged sIhorse for a young colt.,which ..hIad .only.,just .boone broke in, and yesterday he left the Sale Hotel for a rids, when tho hlormo ilnmeso diately commenced buckling. Ho pulled up, and 'ifterJ:idjtisting the girths re miounted.' Tlii horse continued bucking in a Imost ,deotersined imaniier until aII little disatanceOi pasttheo Oriteriot' Hotel, where the rider, who is ant exosport horso man, was tlro',';nalid his left ankle was very badly frabtured, tle injury being kownsI to the medicil fraternUity as acoin, pound Potts' facturo. The largo bonio protrtded two ilchels, wlile the smiall bhone was' disldcatnid, ' These injuries musit lhave becn caused.by the Iorso troading upoli thi ankle, and the appearmnc of tlhe boot confirnas tliis theory. He was removed to the 'Hodspital and soon after attended by Dr. Forbes; At first it was feared thiut the bone which protruded would have to be sawn ol', but after a dliiculllt operatiion u'dter cbloroforint the fractitro vwaIs iad Justcd and the wouind stitellcd up. 'In the evening the patient was doing well. e No'l"iholi]n?t -Alfrod G..:Stihbuty, hker, Port Albert. Assels, £3'3 OIs 11id,; debts, £324, 13s lld ; tturluhS, £1510u, Causes of insolvensoy: Fi'ot haviing aoeck aind'furniture destryeud hy Itire in 1878, flling olf inii bulsiness, als being called' on hy mltortgageo to pay Iltu'rtguge on :pro luerty at Port Albert. ' [r ]husho, solici tor; IMr Cain, iasignte. Clhartcrs, theo hairdresser, wslo lovanted front Now Zealand with £4,000 received )y hillt for a " consulltationl weep," hnas uees5 arrested in Eiguihld, whiither a db tective ais sen t in search of him. When rrepstcd the gay ygouigbarber ihad £1,500 In 1i . posse"ioin. Hoe was to leavo HEg sl ih) the ' hip Wauanuaii pn the 22nd t] tly ' .. . . . At the Salo Police Court on Saturday, . before J. Stuart, Esq., J.P., F. Carroll, ont reeetlJ fr, larc~i,.,was furtlhr re-, i oaitddd to pea??'it- Drd?di on th6'24th n inst. '.^tH'J, ;;I' n A meeting of the Bairnsdalo Steam l Navigation Company was held on. Friday s' afternoon, but no business of iny iiafiort-: anco was done. An offer was submlitted- b to clharter-a- South Australian steamer n able to do 12 knots, aind whose sellingg- r1 price was £3000.,'"Its 'onsidurationlw si deferred in the expectation of shortly re coiving answers from Sydney and eleolso where, with which places the directors have placed themselves in coniiiiiiiitiboi. -New . t. At the Traralgon Polico Courton 'lFri dayt, Mr Dugakl Campbell, President of t the; Traralgoin'Sliiro, was sworn in as a justicoiby;tlib 'oli:c magistrate and took' his seat on th bench. Several cases were 1 heard'uniller the Education Act, and fined a inflicted.,, 0ne, unfortunate expostulated r earnestly withtlio betich, explaining that I r he hlbd rliltbeen mar'ii'iedthroee nith- tqo ýAi the widow-mother, and tlhit'younig lio'pefl 'ln had playgd.thp wag: before coning,uplder ,J his control., The boncli' pos?atoned 'the hearing of thd 'iscen to 'iilallio'1lefoi? idamit do ' t ,produce;liid 'ý ingcriiib litioli "ý,Aftlihe i ond of thno tinelt .eturne ,withoett ~ltoin, a saying his wife' was a " severo woman," t and woul.fiidfgifo tlidiif':i?'td hitl, The it result Iias'thatheawas finod.ls.,eI 1"/i: ' ?'idrrespdifldi t l't Droiiie'exti?f?.sea fRa roasonabl lia'tliiit'ta'ilifferentstylo 'of 'n manners in- theo- lluln-'Buln Council-will I reign this yearitowhtatidid last, and that the councillors will learn to obey the Proe. eidebit' morel courteously than;-they :have; done. " On one occasion the President? ordered doddiiidilloiitd tiilco 6ffi liillitt in f thl'oCiiuticil .Chuiberil which'ithe coun cillor refused to do; and another was8 ordered to 'take apilie out-of his ihouttl." Perhaps a request would-have-boee more. r effectual than al 'p order." fTl' o [aeoaitier in ombtld often succeeds wherde tleo'yurtiter i Ourt: Roscdale corrcspondent \urits,:-, 'TliAu 'hfitc bue-"%ii; o'f' therfi 'b ti c!; ]r, forthid ldidbsoni in "connotiou r:withtha. t Rosecdale Mechaiics'alstitdatittetok place last ,'llursday, ovuning.-, ,.Thie,; uitenee' was both largoe and, appreciative. Tlhi M 'aster it7 b "?"?io.. Chop a tacs ; s follswed,'by the;scne efromnt.,'King Johnll,'~ f hi which 1Prince Arthur pleads fbr,ihis l eyceigit' o ith libeii ti. ln amo well read-,by ?ho Rey.IM Wi\V on. iss l iu. toulr, 'i cc'iddbci yihi'fil M 'rWilTl" ,'th l Snoding,'l seug i?.rjghtl ai Gd oriel,ly l ' it Cheflinsitliucrgave a .lauhlifibl.o roadino, , meityous votey e,.'& 'nleedn y Ar n U Ir1 rca who Si ? eI' fit ie bilikbi'" Soldier fidll'' qu'dite 'id Iia?iiiit'4uti' ''A ?pihiibofortb[ isolos clI?eieis i o fi \ illiMoiias C1i"ullWa-s mosta able,,reivd}rcd, by TaMiss"Chli''61h'," wliiel'kil i'itn ntoitiing, o or~ii i, E dic i g, is iot of every u la'n style Thb's'ocal e'iit) i '',eoiey1,MIatters. wvfstlihe1pxt ioi', yr cecdlingl well. Miid' Matilda Grccnwoll di thli'kimdle' linr lcdtif , in''" Bdlld y tihi6hd) ' and vircedrtho: p.osseasion.eoffra strong melodious voice., A reading by Mr Ozcanne 1 cane neixt'.'i I caimndot mtiid iiiy wheelo" was enig voery prettily andacarerfplly by j Moss, ,\Vllitilith e' o ii Di.e y followed with sleome oxieRnenict' of: DMosioneuC Oil hinies lefaBitux. o? a, visit to Eligland., "Hare i A'?eouccn the Ghostl". acits thme onl ii eluding,'iti,, ;' th ,,-sta,. was dii rcned, c' adal it lat. iitrmuloso puccoinpaiiuinnntib Ir y B]ikeir rniicliiii ditty.,r, Erii tlimo'ierat-e tliug of chails,suljhureo?tu odour,'tllhii'dr' si rand rtedliro..btokeined the, arrival ofhtlho ghost on the scoeno,,who silently followed tlheo!siiigor iibbut the stage umitiltheo conclu sion of tl/d hast vot'iot wo h cnt thoeghnt (MIr Clhtfliiisi),'aiiidst a g(and pyroteclmio dised play;'lein'iid ilioi i'tid vocilisit ind carriced uhin ofI ti' tho'iliiidds:""Tli acdiipanipani moents tflrotiiulihiit i'' li'dst'i ably and o cflicieitly rendmcere ? bytiss .'illianes, to II ahin tIMhe cominmittee's tianks are duo for I very eatisfactoriy t SThe:Stockyard,Creek correspnciloni of the ,Standard reports that a .slort ,,time 't ago a party of.fourrm'nm rwho, had .boon the direction of.iapo 'Lipitrap, tool t into Fostor-a .very fineO santpl.of, gold,. consisting of ? o vcr .10o.,1 y hihicl it was said two "mnl obtained" fron6t beach wdi'kings "in' 't:littld:'ovr.:tlhree/weeks This 'ea,,"howdver, inoxcoptiondl '?atcli, and waM nothing vory great under any) eirctutiaiti:b'ek* -bit• it is quite sufiicient to ehoim'the'xiltitdnce"of'gold in the neigh- t bourhood and warrants the indulgence of a hope that with reasonable ergo.or verance, more may conc of it, tfhobest findl as been under a bluff close to-the Waratah Bay Limo Works, fild it ifiblitainedeoulh pipe. clay7(Jtipt!p about 4thrceeor f yr fee fr?ylp the su" fac?, ?c? 'the" shtmil,, 1b ' 6 i"lu?mtfg j atoer mark. i);Mt Howitt has roportedrtos the M1indiieg:dopartntlout, in reference te. this diccovery:of gold- that'the Icality is. uitd' fOcfnit matiino' sand; amldith? 'it is', in thed ieighlbodiH6od' o'f'sitiilar' deposats . oxteniding inhitid "'The discovety ise con sideriimdportat; itfkieirait>g' 'antietioti'o tio the posebilit i 'm iitiif'-bbedsi formed from .th"e?i?? r di dowit ofi'tlih' palmozoieb fora'uti6n?i' betit stficidently. ni mferotis` to jmyiVy'tidfivor' orhiig"' TfhliAdoleid -i c~resip?obiidhii-of -the A -lrng 'teraphs :--l A viryi'jaluable dis covery hiae bPo" Inedo' oly Mt. r J. H. I Ang s'6 mu it$Yh '/" ieuntuirlc,"hich ?.about 25 iile?'nortli'df'thu,'fhinmud. ~'" :atr.u" sian bore lis' libde siot~lk'l, "ai' 'the result ha's bootn simply wsa6iiderful." Anr b.dflimnt stupply'bf fieoih'iter Ihiiatbaii'tttiick, ind i; riaes soint fout'faboVe thio xlcatnfacefilhuiig' all the troehios, 'and aliminiiing'i chlsidar-. abloidiatinc.dlp ei'mn the, plaiii. . Thise jill' giove an inipttist.tbirfl'tOr "artcaian well expcriuoants." This is the x'orkl, we io: lieve, upon iwhich Mri Nioenman, who sunk the artcsianlwcll in Sale, heRs been iengraged. Foxes have-made their appearance in thie viciihity of Ballarat, and there is no there is nothing extravagant in anticipating that the presence of Reynard in Gippsland is only a question of time. Where the hares are, there the foxes will be. Notwithstanding the crusade which is being carried out against them, the vermin are rapidly in- creasing. Hunt clubs wil be doubtless gratified to know that they will have something tangible to follow after, but the feelings of farmers and graziers are (as the Sta notes) certain to be of an alto gether different nature. A lecturo oii a'qilestioin colniectcd with ; ttlbieroeistd edition of tho Nows Tastamoent ,waus givoi oli Friday afteliroon in the liago : hall of tlhcDiocsan Recgistry by Mr E. E. Morris, the 'sibject being, " Is love or Scharity tho botter traislation of' agapo 1' " .The 'Dean of IMelbolurno presildl, nam 'thoeroewas a gomed atteiledance, ic r TT. men tioncd the ,wordl "ngape" occnrrced 110 ltilecs in thee New Tliiiit, nnd iln the I 'authorisold veCraioln it mwas translated 87 tics ams h love and m!) timeci ms charity. The worid was neve'r itranslatud charity ii tl he gaspeUls, altlhough it occured niiie ) tiics, Ier ii any iif the following opist!es. After rcfueririg ti thee miltcrpretation of Sthe word by. Luthoer. 'Iidhi o Sir '4,. Mtorn'e,]aoin. Sld I .atliel',, . s Io0171 came, to-, the following conclusions : "That love was better that charity, as in the authorised version itvwnas sed in niore passages'; becausdo lovelhad': a!dg nato verb, and charity had not; because sinco the time when the authorisec ver sion was made the word charity had suffered more dceb.~isiient than love; and because love was Saxon.English,-and was notborrowed from Fronclh'orLatin." The lecture .wa evidently highly appreciited, aiid' at itr. lose a very hearty voto of' tliahks vas a accorded to ? Mr Morris. -,li'ho,,admirablydincdustrioustcomspiler of "]3rovi," in t ?l Sfir, sientions' throee things of journalistic intorest.--Thel title boftho niew ev'eiitig paper in Melbourne is to b'e Th'rd ri'ld and not The GOlbe, a~ ?o rocontly,insontionoed, eliCrs.Garnet IWaloh;,hJo?l Convay, andd'1L P. Whit worth are:about to stat a' penny sporting and society weekly paper. `Th-i old rumour of oplosition to the Age is aga-in revived. It is said Mr John Andrew: is 'llnn1i i tii t '£3000 or £4000 into pa.now 'newspaper.. venture. }Good- natured Mr John Androew.lv ! .i Ilerald reportsaiti' tense oecitnenm t has been caused Iby, thc" ifopiuftEd disccovery Ut'IUpTpoLr Tbniorn of an immiensely rich roef, which is cstimated to yiehclI000 o.' to the ton; discovered in in abhudonud.claiim on the road at Upper Tomiora." It is situated only a'fuew ya'rd froim the A?eblia' Conipaiiy'i:iboundary, iand has booee tried, by thrco dillercnt parties, biat they, could ?iot get tilhe reef. Adi6"ld ii'iot i;as suiik' itliu ti foot of the iA nmeoting of' guntloemen idesirous, of foriing'nGuri ' CUOlub is ',convened'-"for Saturdiy:.!pxti qtthoe Criterion 1 Hotel, r~emoval 't06tlic-?ad joihlsn oi ?I.etEng. lish Peck alid do s, Frtcer-street. inrn0unccsthlini hco lisepos hshoziwgnev lria* -._c. il" 