THEATRE ROYAL. -A ??-??. Macbeth was produced at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, and a better representation of this tragedy has rarely been given in Hobart. The principal parts were all supported with a more than wonted effect, and the scenic and musical arrangements were so comparatively complete that the general result was gratifying to a degree, and the audience, which was a numerous one in the pit and stalls, and fairly so also in the dress circle, loudly applauded the more notable passages in the play, The greatest of all delineator of the human heart has found jp. Macbeth perhaps the widest (scope for depicting the 'fruits. of unbridled passion of a particular "kind of a vaulting ambition that over east itself, and of the terrible freaks that conscience may commit, even in a nature physically bold and dauntless. These various emotions Herr Bandmann bad to pourtray on Saturday night, and if he did give us a peculiar elocutionary rendering in one or two parts, and even if these renderings were not strictly accurate, they could well be overlooked in the majestic picture he gave of the Thane of Cawdor Life of crimoan<l|oon6akjio-Btricket) Gallery, and his terrible end. In the well-known apostrophe to the' dagger with which Macbeth murders Duncan, the' actor showed the magnificent capabilities he possesses for dramatic representation, and equally was this the case in a previous interview he has with Lady Macbeth, where he reaches a most effective climax in the finest ''I dare do all that may become a man, Who dares do more is none." Again, in the scene after the murder, and in that to which Banquo's ghost appears at the banquet, Herr Bandmann gave a truly grand portrait sure. In the first one could realise almost too painfully the awful truth conveyed in the words, Macbeth doth murder sleep ;" and in the other the delusive force of the acting made one forget for the moment that things were not real and earnest, but that there appeared on the stage before him a living representa- tion of a man whose sleepless thoughts of a fearful crime had buried reason from its throne, and left him the pitiable victim of his own imaginings. Even in the closing scene of the tragedy, when, influenced by superstitious dread of his coming end, Macbeth resolved to die, at all events with harness on his back, Herr Bandmann sus. stated himself with marvellous effectiveness. As Lady Macbeth, Miss Beaudet gave her audience an agreeable surprise, Few, indeed, before the rising of the curtain, did more than admire the bravery in one so young and so unlike in physique, the ideal wife of Macbeth, that would dare attempt the character, but as scene after scene passed, Miss Beaudet rose to the genius that the occasion required, one imperceptibly began to lose sight of the fragile creature who was acting, and to realise only the towering passionate woman who could say before SO foul a deed as midnight murder, " That which hath made them drunk hath made me bold," Throughout the play for presentation of the ella, racterwasgratifyinglyforaibloandreal.andaltogether she achieved a triumph that costs in the shade any of her previous ones here. As Macduff, Mr. Cathcart also wasexocllenr, and indeed, if hehadnotdonomoretban that one burst of passionate feeling which describes Duncan's murder, he would have been deserving of no stinted praise. To him also a great deal of credit is due for the way in which the combat scene was displayed in the fifth act. Mr. Musgrave as Duncan, Mr. J. Stark as Banquo, and the three witches taken by Mr. Rigby, Miss Crawford, and Miss Raymond, were creditable performances. Locke's incidental music was all rendered, some of the choruses, and notably the Echo chorus, being specially effective, To-night the Lady of Lyons will be presented. ,' ., ? ,, <. era i 