THE POSITION OF SELECTORS IN SOUTH OIPPS LAND. [TO THE EDITOR OF THE AU8TBADASIAH. Sir,—In your issue of the 11th inst. there j is a letter !on the above subject by "A Sufferer from the Cause Mentioned," wherein he forcibly points out the disadvantages that selectors in that part of the country undergo, j and asks, What will the future of the selectors bef My impression is that until the district be intersected by a system of cheap rail or tramways the future will be rather a dreary look-out, for I know of several cases where the selectors have expended their all, and four years' very hard labour, iand now some of them are part of the 70,000 we are deficient of, they having had to cross the border to make a rise. This is rather hard noon men who have done the work, spent <t£eir money, and undergone the privations that new settlers had to put up with in such a rough country. The greatest drawback to the place, no doubt, is the want of roads, and the district ought never to have been formed into shires until the Government had made soads or tramways through it But, as yonr correspondenttmthfullyremarks, those move ments are generally got up by interested parties—like the Berry patriots—with an eye to number one: and now, when they have aecnied snug billets, they are very mighty, and Issue printed mandates to pay before a pertain date, or woe betide the poor selector i, that many selec fdepartedt end have fallen into the a. Ipitythemortgajgees ,_r Mr. Longtnore himself would pft^ihem—that is if tney have ad -vaaoed ^any considerable amount—for who wfltouMshase! > Arid ihelaod if not occupied : trifi«0^tt t«^mt t0 ^1 itt original Wildness, ■'■in'fhjft- ,wc«m»e of scrubbing and im-/ pcovinglwUl «!>• .?» mheh money actually thtownaway. Tbeeelectors themselves are jut beginning to tealiae their true position, Andean plainly tee that unless the Govern ment come to the rescue in the shape, of making roads or railways, their case iB almost hopelesB. Even the short line promised— that to Mirboo—ia not laid oat to accommo date the many. Why was it not started from Borne point between Warragul and Trafalgar instead of a point to the east of Moe? The Minister's attention was drawn to this before he passed the bill, and to please the parties he sent up a surveyor to report The sur veyor, T believe, went np one day, and came back the next, and reported that the Tra falgar route was impracticable. Snch a farce. Why, sir, it would take a party of surveyors some months before they could send in a reliable report, and yet this Flying Dutchman sends in a report within 24 hours ; but, of course, he reported according to order. Such is the Btate of our public departments, for the ghost of Black Wednesday is kept in the cupboard. I will take upon myself to state that a practicable route could be found from a point west of Trafalgar to Mirboo which would benefit three to one as compared with i the route fixed upon, and would also bring the Mirboo people Borne 20 miles nearer to Melbourne. An agitation has been going on for some time by the selectors in the northern portion of the colony for a water supply, or they | threaten to act upon the tune played at Duffy's banquet, viz., "We'll all skedaddle." They have, or are about having, a network of railways, and they now think that they are entitled to an expensive water supply. To my mind this is exacting too much. They knew when they selected that the district was a dry one, and, in my opinion, they have no just grounds to expect the country to go to an immense expense to carry water to them. Railways they had a claim to, but water none. The South GippBlandera had every reason to expect that the Government would construct railways or make roads, and with this they would be satisfied. Every reasonable person would expect that South Gipps Land should be opened Up before the Government even entertained any proposal for a water supply to our northern neigh bours ; and if Mr. Mason had any energy or in fluence he would let no Government alone until thiB great want was attended to, other wise the new province will be the source of grief to many a selector. This, at all events, is the belief of ANOTHER SUFFERER. 