THE STILLWATER TRAGEDY. (From the Atlantic Monthly.) It is close upon daybreak. Tho uroat wall of pines and hemlooks that keep off tho east wind from Stillwater stretches blaok and indeterminate against the sky. At intervals a dull, metallio sound, like the gutteral twang of a violin string, rises from tho frog-infested swamp skirting the highway. Suddenly the birds stir in their nests over there in the woodland, and break into that wild jargoning ohorns with whiah thoy herald the advent ol a new day. In the applo-orohards and among the pintn-treos of tho few gardens in Still water, the wrens and the robins and the blue- jays oatoh up the orystal oreaoendo, and what a melodious raokot they make of it with their fifes and flutes nnd flageolets. The village lies in a Iranoe like death. Possibly not a soul hears this musio, nnless it is the watohers at the bedside of Mr. Loonard Tappleton, the riobest man in town, who hia lain dying these three days, and oannot last till saniiBe. Or perhaps some mother, drowsily hushing hor wakeful baby, pauses a moment and listenB vacantly to tho birdB singing. J3at who else 1 The hubbnb suddenly oeases — oeases as suddenly as it began— and all is still again in;the woodland. Bat it iB not so dark as before. A faint glow of white light is. dis oernible behind tho ragged line of the tree tops. The deluge of darkneA iB receding from tho faoo of the earth, as the mighty waters reoeded of old. The roofs and tall faolory chimneys of Stillwater are Blowly taking shape in tho gloom. Is that a oemetery coming into view yonder, with its ghostly arohiteoturo of obeliBks and broken oolumns and huddled head-stones? No, that iB only Sloonm'B Marble Yard, with tho finished and unfinished work heaped np like snowdrifts — a osmetery in embryo. Hero and thero in an outlying farm a lantorn glimmers in tho barn-yard ; the oattle are having their fodder betimes. Searlet-oapped ohantioleer gets bimsolf on tho nearest rail-foneo and lifts up his ran oorous voies liko some irate old oardinal launohing the onrse of Bome. Something orawls swiftly along the gtey of the serpentine turnpike,— a dog-cart, with the driver lashing a jaded horse. A quick wind goeB shivering by, and is lost in the foreBt. Now a narrow strip of two-ooloared gold stretohes along the horizon. Stillwater is gradually eoming to Its senses. The sun has began to tninklo on the gilt oross ol tho Oatholio chapel and to make itself known to the doves in the stone belfry of the Soath Ohuroh. The palohos; of aob web that here and.thore oling tremulously to tho ooarse grass of the inundated meadows have turned into' silver nets, and the mill pond — it will be steel-blue later— i$ ob nmooth and white as if it had been paved with one vast unbroken slab out of Sldoum's Marble Yard. Through a row of buttou-woods on the northern skirt ol the village is seen a square, lap-streaked building, painted a dis agreeable bronn, and surrounded on three sidoB by' a platform— one of seven or eight similar stations strung like Indian beadB on a branoh thread of the Great Sagamore Railway. Listen I That is tho jingle of the bolls on the baker's cart as it begins its rounds. Prom innumerable ohimnojB the curdled smoke (jives ovidenoe that tho thrifty housewife— or, what is rarer in Stillwater, tho hired girl — has lighted the kitohen firo. The ohimney-staok of one house at tho end of a. Bmall court — the last . houso on the easterly edge of the village, and stand ing quite alone — sends up tho smoko. Yet the carefully traiued ivy ovor tho porch, and tho lemon verbona in a tub at the foot of the Btdps, intimate that tjho place is not unoccupied. Moreover, the little square-rigged sohooner whioh acts aa weather-oook on ono of tho gables, and is now heading due west, has two now Bky sails. It is a Btorey-and-a-half cottage, with a largo expanse of roof, whioh, oovorod with porous, unpaiuted shingles, seoms to repel the sunshine that now strikes full upon it. Tho upper and lower blindB on the main building, as well as thoso on tho extensions, aro tightly closed. Tho siin appears to beat in vuin at tho case ments of this silent house, whioh has a curiously sullen and defiant air, as if it had desperately and successfully barricaded itself against the approaoh or morning; yet if one woro standiag in tho room that leads from tho bed-ohambor on tho ground floor—the room with tho latticed window — one would see a ray of light thrust through a ohisk of the shutters, and pointing like a human finger at an object which lies by tho hearth. This fingor, gloaming, motionless, and; awful in its precision,' points to tho body of old Mr.- Lemuel Shackford, who lies there dead in his night-drosB with a gash aoross his forehead. In the darkness of that summer night o deed darker than the night Itself had been done in Stillwater. That morning, whon Miohael Hennessey's girl Mary— a girl sixteen . yoara old— oairiod the oan of milk to the rear door ot the Bilent i home, ihe wm neuly » qo»ter ol w hoar later than usual, and looked forward to being soundly rated. ' He's up and boen waiting for it,' sho said to horself, observing the soullory door sjar. 'Won't I kotoh itl It's him for growling and snapping at a body, and it's me (or always being before or behind timo, bad Iuok to mo. There's no plazing him.' Mary pushed baok the door, and pushed through tho kitohon, nerving berBelf all the whilo to meet tho objurgations whioh she sup posed wero lying in wait for hor. Tho sun shine was blinding without, but sifted through tho green jalousies, made it a grey, orepusoular light within. Ab the girl ap proached the tablo, on which a plato with knife and fork had beon laid for breakfant, sho notioed, somewhat indistinctly at first, a thin red lino rnnning obliquely across the floor from the dircoliou of tho sitting-room and ending nearthestove, whero ithad formed a small pool. Mary stopped short, soaro'ely ooneolous why, and peered instinotively into tho adjoining apartment. Then, with a smothered ory, she lot fall the milk.oan, and a dozen whito rivulets, in strange contrast to that ono dark red lino whioh first startled her, went meandering over tho kitohen floor. With her oyes riveted upon somo objeot in tho next room, the girl rotreatod baokward, slowly and heavily dragging one, foot after the othor, until sheroaohed Ihe soullery door, thon she turned swiftly and plunged into tho stroet. Twenty minutes later every man, woman, and ohild in Stillwater knew that old Mr. Shaoltford had boen murdered in his bed. Mary Hennessey had to tell her. story a hundred times during the morning, for eaoh minute brought to Miohael's tenement a fresh listener hungry for the details at flrit hand. ' How was it, Molly ? Tell o body, dear !' ' Don't bs asking me !' oried Molly,, pres sing her palma to her eyoB as if to shut out the eight, but taking all tho while a seoret creepy satisfaction iu living the soene over again. ' it was kinder dark in tho other room, and thero he was, laying in bis night gownd, with bis faoo tnrntd towards me, so ; looking mighty sevore-like, jeat'as it he waB agoing to say ' It's late with the milk ye are, yo husBy !'— a way he had of spoking.' ' 'But he didn't spake, Molly darlin' ?' ' Niver a word. He was stone dead, don't you see. It was that still you oould hear me heart beat, saving thero wasn't a drop of a beat in it. I let go the can, sure, and then I baoked out, with me eye on 'im all the whilo, afear'ed to doath that ho would up and spake them words.' ' The pore child I for the likes of hor to be wakln' up a murthered man in the mornin' I' There was little or no work done that day in Stillwater outside the mills, and they wnrn nnt rn mlinp {nil haudod. A number of .men from the Miautowona Iron Works and Slooum's yard— Slooum employed . Bome seventy or eighty bands — lounged about the streets in their blouses or utood in knots in front of tho tavern, smoking short olay pipes. Not an nrohin put in an appearanoe at the small red brick building on tho turnpike. Mr. Finkham, tho sohoalmastor, waited an hour for the reousants, thou turned the key in the look and went home. Draggled-looking women, with dish-oloth or dust-pan in hand, stood in door-waya or leaned from windows, talking in subdued voices with neighbours on the ourb-stone. In a hundred far-away cities the news of the suburban tragedy had already been read and forgotten ; but here the horror stayed. Thore waB a constantly ohanging orowd gathered in front oi the houso in Wnloh'B Court. An inquest was boing beld in the room adjoining tho kitohen.- The oourt, whioh ended at the gate of the oottage, was fringed for several yards on each side by rows of tqaalid, wondering obildren, who under stood it that Coroner Whidden was literally to sit on the dead body, — Mr. Whidden, a limp, inoffensive littlo man, who would not have dared to sit down on a fly. He had passed, pallid and perspiring, to the soene of Lie perfunotory duties. The result of the investigation was awaited with fovorish impatience by the people out side. Mr. Sbaokford had not been a popular man ; he had been a hard, avaricious, pas sionate man, holding his own way remorse lessly. He bad been the roverso of popular, but ho had long been a prominent obaraotor in Stillwater, booause of his wealth, his end less lawsuits, and his ecoentrioiLy, an illua tration oi whioh waa his persiBtenoe in living' entirely alone in the isolated and dreary old bouse, that was honoelorth to bo inhabited by biB shadow. Not hia shadow alone, how ever, for it waa now remembered that the premises were already held in fee by another phantasmal tonant. At a period long anterior to this, one Lydia Sloper, a widow, bad died an unexplained death under -that same roof. The ooinoidenoo struok deeply into ihe imaginative portion of Stillwater. ' The widow Sloper and Sbaokford have made a matoh of it,' remarked a local humourist, in a grimmer vein than ouslomary. Two ghosts bad now set up housekeeping, as.it were, in the stricken mansion, and what might not be lookod for in the way of Bpeotral progony 1 It appeared to the orowd in the lane that the jury were unoonsoionably long in arriving at a deoiBlon, and when a deoieion was at length reaohed, it gave but moderate satis faction. Aftor a spendthrift watte of judioial time the jury had deoided tbat ?' the death of Lemuel Shaoklord was oaused by a blow on the left tomple, inflicted with some instrument not discoverable, in the hands of somo person or persons unknown/ ' We knew that before,' grumbled a voioo in the orowd, when, to relieve publio sus pense, Lawyer Perkins — a long, lank man, with stringy ..blaok hair— announoad tho. verdiot from the doorstep. Tho theory of suioido had obtained momen tary oredenoo early in tho moraing, and one' or two still olnng to it with tho tonaoity that, oharaotoriees persons wbo entertain fow. ideas. To aooept this theory it was neosssary to believe that Mr. Shaokford had ingeniously hidden tho weapon atler striking himself dead with a single blow. No, it was not suioide. So far from intendiog to take his own life, Mr. Sbaokford, it appoarod, had mado rather careful preparations to live that day. Tho breakfast table had been laid over night, tho coalsjeft ready for kindling in tho Franklin stove, and a kettle, filled with water to be heated for his tea or ooflee, stood on the hOArth. Two fnots had sharply demonstrated them selves — first, that Mr. Shaokford had been murdored; and, second, that the Bpur to the arime had been the possession oi a sum of money whioh the deooased was supposed to keep in a strong-box in Mb bedroom. The padlock had been wrenohed open, and tho less valuable oontents of tho eheBt, ohiefiy papers, scattered over tho carpet. . A memo randum among tho papera seomocl to specify the . respective sums in notes and gold that had been deposited in. the box. A dooumont of Bome kind had been torn into minute pieoeB, and thrown into the waBte bsskst.rOn olose sorutiny a word or two here and there revealed the faot that the dooutnent was of a' legal oharaoter. The fragments were put; into an envelope, and given in ohargo of Mr.' Shaokford's lawyer, who plaoad seals on that* and on the drawers of an escritoire whiah1 stood in the oorner, and oontained other manuscripts. Tho: instrument with whioh the fatal blowhadbeon doalt — for tho autopsy showed that there had been but ono blow — w;as not only not discoverable, but the fashion' of if; defied conjeotoie. The shape of the' wound did not indicats tho uso of any implement known to the jurors, several of whom were skilled machinists, Tho wound waB an inch and three- quartcrB in length, and vory doop at the extremities ; in the middlo it scarcely penotratod to thd cranium. So peculiar a cut could not havo boen produced with tho olaw part of a hammer, bocauso tho claw is always curved, and tho incision was straight. A flat olaw, Buoh as is usod in opening packing eases,' was suggested. A collection of tho several sizes manufactured was procured, but nono corresponded with tho wound ; thoy were either too wide or too narrow. Moreover, the cut was as thin as tho blade of a ease knife. ' That was never dono by any tool in these parts,' declared Stovens, the foreman of tho finishing shop at Slocum's. The nssassin or a=sissins had entered by tho scullory- door, the simple fastening of which, a hook and etaplo, had been broken. Thoro were footprints in tho Boft clay pith leading from the side gate to the stone step ; but Mary Hennessey had so confused and obliterated tho outlines that now it was impossible accurately to measure them. A half-burnod match' was found undor tho sink — ovidently thrown thero by tho burglars. It was of a kind known as the safety match, which can bo ignited only by friction on a strip of chemicallypro pared paper glued to the box. As no box of thiB description was discovered, and, as all the other matches in the house were of a different make, tho charred splinter was preserved. Tho most minute examination failed to show more than this. Tho last time Mr. Shackford bad been seen alive was at six o'olock tho previous evening. Who had done the deed? 'Tramps!' answered Stillwater, with ono voice, thongh Stillwater lay somewhat out of tha natural highway, and the tramp — that bitter blossom of civilisation whose seed wan blown to us from over eo is — waB not then as common by the New England roadeides as he became five or six years later. But it was intolerable not to have a theory ; it was that or nono, for conjecture turned to no one in the village. To be sure, Mr. Shackford had been in litigation with several of -the corporations, and had had legal quarrels with more than one of his neighbours; but Mr. Shackford had never been victorious in any of these con tests, and the incentive of revenge was wanting to explain the crime. Besides, it was so clearly robbery. Though the gathering around the Shaok ford house had reduced itself to half a dozen idlers, and the Iobs frequented streets had resumed their normal aspect of dullness, there was a strange electric quality in tho atmosphere. The com munity was in that state of suppressed agitation and suspicion which no word adequately describes- The slightest cir cumstance would have swayed it to the belief iu any man's guilt ; and indeed there' wero men in Stillwater quite capable of disposing of a fellow-creature for a much smaller reward than Mr. Shackford had held out. In spite of the tramp theory, a harmless tin-pedlar, who had not passed through tho place for weeks, was dragged from bis glittering cart that afternoon, as ho drove smilingly into town, and would have beon roughly handled if Mr. Richard Shackford, a cousin of- tho deceased, had not interfered. As tho day woro on, tho excitement deepened in intensity, though the ex pression of it became nearly reticent. It waB noticed that the lamps throughout the village wero lighted nearly an hour earlier than usual. A sense of insecurity settled upon Stillwater with the falling twilight — that nameless apprehension' which ij pos sibly more trying to the nerves than tangible danger. When a man is smitten inexplicably, as if by a bodiless hand stretched out of acloud — when the red slayer vanishes like n mist aud leaven no faintest trace of his idontlty — the myalory shrouding tho deed presently becomes more appalling tlnm tho cUed itself. There is something paralysing in thu thought of an invUlble hand somewhere ready to strike at your, or at -oma life dearer than your own. Whose hand, and where is it t Perhaps it paises you your oofise at breakfast; perhapa you hava hired it to Bhovol the snow off your sidewalk; perhaps it has brushed against you in tho crowd; or may be you have dropped a coin into the fearful palm at a street corner. Ah, the ttrrlblo unseen hand that stabs your imagination— this Immortal part of you whioh is a hundred times mote aonsltive than your poor perishable body ! In the midst of situations the most solemn and tragic, thore often falls n light purely farcio»l in its incongruity. Suoh a gleam was unoonsoiously projected upon the present oriila by Mr. Bodge, better known in the village aa Father Bjdgo. Mr. Bodge was stone deaf, naturally stupid, and had been nearly moribund for thirty years with asthma. Just beforo nightfall he had crawled in his bewil dered wheezy fashion down to the tavern, where he found a sombre orowd in tho bar room. Mr. Bodge ordered his mug of beer, and sat sipping it, glancing meditatively from time to time over the pewter rim at tho mute assembly. Suddenly he broke out, ' S'pose you've heerd that old Shack ford's boen murdered.' So the sun-' went down on Stillwater. Again the great wall of pines and hemlooks made a gloom againBt the sky. The moon rose from behind the tree- tops, frosting their ragged edges, and thon sweeping np to the zenith hung sorenoly above the world, as if . thero were never a orime, or a tear, or a heart-break in it all. On the afternoon of the following day Mr. ! Shaokford was duly buried. The funeral, under tho direotion of Mr. Biohard Shaokford, who noted aa ohief mourner, and was sole mourner by right of kinship, took plaoe in profound ailenoa. The carpenters, who had lost a day on Bishop's new stables, intor mitted tboir sawing and h immering while tho servioos were iu progresB; the steam was shut off in tho iron-mills, and no olink ing of the ohisel was beard in the marble yard for an hour, daring whioh many of the shops had their Bbutters up. Then, when all was over, the imprisoned fiond in the boilers gave a pioroing shriek, tho leather bands slipped on the revolving drums, the spindles leaped into life again, and the old order of things was reinstated— outwardly,, but not in effoot. Good Advioetoa Judge.— Jim Webster was brought up yestorday boforo an Austin justico of tho poaco. It was tho Bamo old charge that used to bother him so much in Galveston. Aftor tho evidence waa all in, tho judge, with a perplexed look, Baid:— ' But I do not comprehend, Webster, how it was possible for you to steal those ohiokenB when they were roosting right under the owner's window, and there were two vicious dogs in the yard.' 'Hit wouldn't do yer a bit of good, jedge, for me to splain how I cotohed dem chiokons, for yer couldn't do it yorself if ye tried it forty times, and yer might get yer hide full of buckBhot do berry fust time yar put yer leg obor do fenoe. De bes way for yar ter do judge, is fur yer tor buy yer chickens iu do market.'— Sifting s. !| 