There has just finally disappeared from the stage a long familiar actor, striking in his personal appearance, powerful by his eloquence, wit, and sarcasm, and famous for his statesmanship, who has for forty four years played various parts— always with 'skill — in the political dramas of Great Britain. Death has closed the flashing eye and paralysed the active brain of one who began...life as a pros cribed alien, and ended it as a peer of the realm. Numerous writers will pay the homage of .? admiration -for the genius of the late Earl of 'Beaconsexeld. 'We ? render our homage more to the industry and per tinacity of the man than to his splendid genius. We do not forget that his in dustry was induced by an ambition which never recognised defeat, and never succumbed to adverse influences or events. The impulse which prompts a vouner man, conscious of latent Dower, to diligent preparation for honourable distinction is not of primary impor tance. Benjamin Disbabli was born in England. His father was a Hebrew. At that period the Israelitish race was not held in high esteem in any part of Europe. The younger Disbaeli was mainly educated at home by a paternal literary recluse. His father intended; him for a sedate course of life, but the son felt within himself the restless impulses of genius. Plod was repulsive, when, soaring into the heights of fame seemed possible. , The /lawyerls clerk became an author. - His young soul was governed by. a lively imagination:, he revelled in phantasy and, passion,; which might, from his natural tempera-; ment, have been robed in poetic dreBS, but which assumed the. soberer garb of .prose. , -At twenty-two years of age. he surprised the litbrary ..world by the publication of ' Vivian Grey,' the hero of which was by his closest friends believed to be a reflex of himself. His mark was made by one hold venture. In j spite of the crudities of imma ture ? thought, ' and the vagaries of uncontrolled passion, his extraordinary gifts were promptly recognised. Several other works followed quickly, most of them bearing marks of the brilliant dash of an impatient genius. He then spent some time in travelling. ? He returned to England at a critical poribd. The country was convulsed by political agitation. Two courses were open to the young author ; he might pursue the literary course he was on, or lie might subordinate literary work to politics. Ambition seemB to have decided his course of life at that crisis. Politics offered most power, if not also most renown. His Jewish dis j ability bad been removed by a change of I religion. He had become virtually an ! Eimlislunan. Ali his interests, sym pathies, and aspirations, wore identified with the land of his birth. His piercing black eye had fixed its longing gaze on a prouder guerdon than fallsjto the lot of climbers up the Parnassian/hill; his soul yearned' for a* more Influential vocation than that of a brilliant talker in n literary coterie m the house ot an aristocratic*, patroness of genius. Hp: hftd're!i'dy wit/quick perceptiori; breadtli of 'thought, force of penetration j Tiut his acute faculties mbstlyi.1 ay J qiiies-j . under,;. . ^an^_impasaivea:_- crust of , silence. ,, 'His - latent rpowersv i.only showed themselves under — strong- stimulant; then the cloud vanished and the; sun shone in splendour. His reticence stuck to him through life. Noj better 'evidence is 'possible of his; stupendous mental power tban that so self- absorbed and isolated a man Bhould have become a leader of statesmen and the; Prime Minister of England. \- At twentv-seven years of age, . .in 1832, he was a candidate for a seat; in the! House of Cominous. He was defeated then, and twice afterwards. In:'lS37 he was ' -successful. ' ! This perseverance 'under, / frequent re pulses . was characteristic of. , the young ' 'aspirant ' for 'parliamentary' fame, -who, when laughed down ini his ; maiden attempt to address the House of '- 'Commons, threw out the scornful prediction — ' I 'shall sit down now, but the time will come when you will: hear me.' On that night of his bitter, failure his literary friend, Lord Lixton, retained hjs faith .in him and echoed his prediction. . The time did come. , Por such. men the hour of suc cess; always comes. ' i ' He was at 'first a professed Eaidical ; then he became a Conservative. A chauge frqm one extreme to another seldom wins confidence. He wanted to make extremes meet, . and weld them in a political . combination against the Whigs.- In . 1855 Dr. Madden wrote : — ' Many years ago (upvvards of twenty). I frequently met Mr.iDisRAELi at Ladv Blessington's in Seamore Place. It required ,no ghost from the grave, or rapping, spirit from the invisible world, to predicate, even then', the success of the voung Disraeli in public life. Though in general society he was habitually silent and reserved, lie was closely observant. 'When. duly ex cited, however, his command of language was truly wonderful, his power of sar casm unsurpassed.' '' 1 No one can fail to admire tha pluck and daring, the self-reliance, and in domitable perseverance of the man. Almost every external influence was against him ; ? the power ot succes lay within him. In those earlier years of his life, when romantic passion Btirred his. soul,, did he'ever dream of the day when' Britain's Sovereign would esteem him a .precious friend and wise counsellor ? — when Britain's aristocracy would re ceive' into its charmed circle the con verted son of a proscribed Hebrew P In his boldest flights of ambition did he ever anticipate the time when not one House of Parliament only, but both,; should listen with' respectful attention to his utterances? Probably, for nothing attainable- lay beyond the liound of his desire. He went towards his goal self-contained and assured. He became pre-eminent among tho foremost statesmen of Europe. He held the helm of fetate in England at a; turbulent period unsurpassed during the last quarter of : a century in its' solemn importance. He pursued then ! a dignified policy: which restored the military prestige of the country, and made its influence powerful, in .the councils of Europe. His firmness limited the conflict between Russia and Turkey at a critical period, when pusil lanimity might have involved the prin cipal countries of Europe in sanguinary conflict. We do not approve of nearly all his foreign and colonial policy. The ' Imperialism ' whipb he aimed at would have changed the 'British Constitution, slowly perhaps, butnone the less surely ; and the change would have been in the direction of restricting the influence of Parliament and tho people in the Government of the Empire; The passion anddaring of his nature, which he has reproduced in somo of his novels, were manifest in his administration ,;of British affairs ? 'but, as' 'the Edinburgh Review Baid once of his literary charac teristics, we may say' of his political characteristics:—' The calm, the natural; the simply grand, are not:his field the startling, the . improbable, both in cha* racter and incident, had a; ..dangerous charm for him ; he moved forward, not with steady progression, but in harried hurst's, with strange impassioned move ments.' Ab he was in- the year 1837, he was to the end. 