FRIDA Y, DECEMBER 30,1881. After what wo said recently concern- ing tho disadvantages under which the colony necessarily labours -when it is re- presented in England by an acting agent-general instead of by some distinguished colonist duly accredited, it -will be readily understood that we regard with favour the proposal of the Government to fill up the existing vacancy without delay, Our satisfaction is all the greater because we recognise in the offer of the post to Mr. FRANCIS proof of a desire on the | part of Sir BKYAN O'LOGHLEN and his colleagues to make an ap- pointment which shall bo creditable to the colony and calculated to pro- mote its interests. We have had our differences with Mr. FBANCIS at various periods of his political career. When public men are independent, and journalistic critics are outspoken and sincere, it is hardly possible for them to be continuously ia accord on all questions of public policy, or always agreed as to the expediency of this course or that. Opinions must sometimes differ, moreovor, even amongst those whose political principles harmonise in a general way, as to the adequacy or justice of the motives which from time to time become mani- fest in overt acts. But it is quite pos- sible to hold that a man is mistaken in some instances, without doubting his .honesty, or refusing to believe that his conduct is right in his own eyes. This is the attitude in which we stand towards Mr. FBANCIS. We have not been able to agree with him at all times, but we most willingly give him credit for having acted in accord- ance with his lights. Taking all the circumstances into consideration, we can truly iay that there is no one available in public life at present whom, we would more gladly sea appointed to the London office. As we are about to undertake finan- cial operations of considerable magni- tude, it is very desirable that the agent-general should be a man of official and business experience. In these particulars Mr. FEANOIS fulfils every possible requirement. His com- mercial education, as merchant, bank director, and squatter, has been diversified and long continued. His official training has been little less varied. He has been Commissioner of Public Works, Commissioner of Cus- toms, Treasurer, and Chief Secretary for periods of sufficient length to give him a thorough insight into the management of affairs. He would consequently enter upon the important work which the next agent-general, whoever he may bo, will have to undertake, tully equipped for the service. In fact, it is not too much to say that there are few men in Victoria who have an equal acquaintance with colo- nial life and business in all its branches. In addition to his business qualifica- tions, he is a man of nerve, and not afraid of responsibility. It may be that in accomplishing the work of converting £8,000,000 of debentures in a short space of time some difficulties may be encountered, The operation will doubt- less go on smoothly enough if money bappensto becheapatthetime,butshould tberebeany tendency toa rise in its value, the difference between firm and judicious management and management wanting in these qualities might involve conse- quences of vital concern to the colony. We do not anticipate that there will be much trouble cithor in floating the loan just authorised, or in carrying the con- version scheme subsequently, but failure or mistake in such matters is so in- jurious to credit that we are bound in common justice to ourselves to see that the direction of affairs is en trusted to some one in whose skill and energy perfect confidence may be placed. It must be remembered, moreover, that the Stock Exchange is influenced by trifles, and that a little want of judg- ment or tact in preliminary proceedings, t>r in the conditions of tendering, might I ..iiorcnco of .in eighth, a I quinal, or a half por coiit. in tho rates offered ; and a fractioa per coat, when dealing in raillions, soon makes up a [ very handsome sum of money. Wo aro strongly of opinion that tlioro U no one to whom the public would more willingly confide its interests in these important matters than the member for Warrnambool, and we trust ho will see ¡its way to give the colony the benefit of his services. In the event of Mr. FRANCIS con- senting to act, we think that the Go- vernment might make very advantageous arrangements for conducting the financial business which must be dono in London shortly. Sir JAMES M'CULLOCII and Mr. SERVICE will both beat home, and they are gentlemen who are also well acquainted with everything connectod with mono taiy affairs. If they were to be appointed to the agent-general's council of advice, we should have a very strong body to look after Victorian interests. At the same time, it muBt be remem- bered that the opinions of the two gentle men wo have mentioned would be of com- paratively little benefit unless we h id, as agent general, some one with sullioient technical knowledge and experience to appreciate their force and value. As the responsibility would necessarily rest with the official head of the office, tho poYver of deciding in the last resort must necessarily remain Yvith him. Good advice, therefore, Yvould be thrown away if submitted to an agent-generai Yvho I could not form a pretty correct estimate I of its worth. The task of weighing and utilising any views which the gentle- men to whom we have referred might submit for consideration could be entrusted with great confidence to Mr. FR.YNCIS. And we say again that we trust he will undertake it. Ho has served the country in various capacities to the best of his ability, and now he has another opportunity of placing it under further obligations. If he will only regard the offer made to him in this light, we feel sure he will see that a refusal is incompatiblo with duty. Ministers have promised to give their early attention to the report of the Police Commission, and it is advisable, therefore, that the grave issues involved in the recommendations of the report should be pointed out and commented upon. To-day we do not propose to refer to the feud between Messrs. NICOLSON and HARE, and its consequences, on which the commissioners dwelt at length, beyond saying that the situation is for the most part the creation of Captain STANDISH. By favouring Mr. HARE, whom he liked, and by acting harshly to Mr. NICOLSON, whom he seems to have hated, Captain STANDISH converted what might have been an honourable rivalry into a bitter and unseemly strife, damaging to the two officers them- selves, and disastrous to the country. It may he that if the police force is to be harmoniously worked, either Mr. HARE or Mr. NICOLSON must go, but that there is any necessity for pensioning off both of these officers, as the commission recommend, is by no means evident. Messrs. NICOLSON and HARE are experienced officers, of high character and great ability; they are the picked men of the force, and to lose the services of both, even if the one must retire, appears to savour somewhat of folly. The existence of a feud between Messrs. NICOLSON and HARE is, how- ever, no excuse for the damaging impu- tations which the commissioners are pleased to cast upon nearly every police officer in turn, apparently without due reflection. Mention may be made of two passages, which it is to be hoped the Government of the country will expressly disown. The first is with regard to Superintendent SADLEIR at Glenrowan. The commissioners com- plain of a lack of dash on his part, and they state – " A dispassionate observer could not fail to couple this inactivity with a want of capa- city, if not of courage, to deal with the difficulty. Of course, if an attack were made as suggested, the officer in charge was in honour bound to take the lead, so that if there were any danger in having resort to such an expedient, the spectators could not be blamed if they thought more of Mr. Sadleir's discretion than any other quality which he displayed upon that very trying occasion." Superintendent SADLEIR'S reasons for not sanctioning an assault by the police upon the Glenrowan building are fully stated by that officer both in his evi- dence, and in his report to the Govern- ment :– " Several of the police repeatedly appealed to me to let them rush the building. This I would not permit, for various reasons, chiefly that the party rushing in could not be sup- ported by those outside ; that a long narrow passage through the honse had to be tra- versed before the outlaws-whose exact posi- tion in the buildings was not known-could be reached ; that they could not be knocked over, on account of the armour, until the police actually had their hands on them ; that I knew they still had large supplies of ammunition ; that there were yet several hours' daylight ; and that the final capture or destruction of the two outlaws was a matter of certainty. I therefore held to the deter- mination, though under considerable difti culties, to sacrifice no life in this way if it could be avoided." Superintendent SADLEIR also points out that if the assault had failed, and if two or three of the men had been left wounded in the house, his hands would have been tied. Therefore, while he had decided to try an assault before dark- ness set in, he left it as a last resource, Inspector SADLEIR may have been wrong in his tactics. No doubt an attempt to seize two desperate men who were fighting behind cover in bullet-proof armour, would have resulted in serious loss of life. There would have been more widows and orphans to provide for in addition to the families of the Wombat victims. Still, if the commissioners are of opinion that two, three, or four police- men should have been sacrificed, either to gratify the " dispassionate observers" or to maintain the prestige of the force, they should say so. It is entirely gratuitous on their part, however, to in- sinuate that Superintendent SADLEIR was deterred from ordering an assault, not by consideration for his men, but by regard for his own person. It is due to Mr. SADLEIR to mention that the evidence discloses that he never flinched from danger in the Kelly search, and that there is really no warrant for the reflection cast upon him. Is it fair or seemly, we would ask, for a Royal commission to blast the reputation of a responsible officer by innuendo ? A parallel case is that of Superin- tendent HARE. The commissioners wnte – The moment he (Mr. Hare) was informed by Bracken of the presence of the outlaws at the hotel, he dashed away without waiting for some of his men to collect their arms . . . Did he propose to rush the place and at once overpower the outlaws ? If that were his intention he should not have been deterred by a mere wound in his wrist from doing so.Comparisons may be odious, but it cannot fail to strike one as singular that, while Superintendent Hare felt himself obliged to leave his post and return to Benalla, under the impression that the wound in his wrist would prove fatal, the leader of the outlaws, with a rifle bullet lodged in his foot, and otherwise wounded in the extremities, was enabled to hold his ground, encumbered too by iron armour, until 7 o'clock, when, in the effort to rejoin his companions, he fell overpowered by num- bers." This is truly an extraordinary passage, and an odious comparison. What was Mr. HARE'S "mere wound in the wrist ?" As the commissioners' own narrative says :-" The ball passed through the " limb, shattering the bone, and severing " the artery." Mr. HARE kept the field, the reporters say in their evi- dence, until from loss of blood he was " staggering like a drunken man," and finally he sank down insensible in a faint. To the commissioners sitting in their easy chairs " a severed artery " is nothing. Yet if they had asked a ques- tion of any medical man, they would have been informed that given a severed artery, and not AGAMEMNON, nor MURAT, nor their own NED KELLY would or could have kept the field for any time. Loss of blood will speedily tame the bravest and reduce the strongest of men. And the reference to NED KELLY is surely in the worst pos- sible taste. It cannot be necessary to make a hero of this man. If an allu- sion was called for, the commissioners, we submit, should have mentioned how KELLY, when he was brought down, whined to the men whom he had endea- voured to involve in a treacherous rail- way catastrophe, asking them to spare his life. " For GOD'S sake, let me live " as long as I can," were his words. Constable DWYER says, " I kicked him " in contempt, saying, ' You wretch, " ' when poor KENNEDY was begging his " ' life of you, as you are begging now, " ' you shot him like a dog.' " Constable DWYER'S kick is to be reprobated. But it is scarcely so much to be regretted as the eulogium of the Royal commis- sioners. The whole history of the Kelly search shows that the personal courage of Mr. HARE is unquestionable. The sneer in his case is therefore as un- deserved as it is in Mr. SADLEIR's, and we repeat that both officers have a right to expect an explicit exoneration from the Government to which they have appealed. If we take notice of the letter from Mr. MIEAMS, published elsewhere, it is without the remotest idea of bringing tho writer either to common sense or to common courtesy. It may be woll, how- ever, that the public should recognise how the former advocates of tho "íroe soleo " tlon craze," as thoy call their old lovo, would now commit the country to a moro preposterous craze evon than that. The new system is based by Mr. MIEAMS upon the assumption that the present plan of deferred payments is plundor. The selectors, he Bays, obtain the land for nothing, and he defies us to contradict him. Any one who dissents from this view ÍB, he contends, a fit sub- ject for a' lunatic asylum, and that we must submit is a cruel sarcasm upon the radical leaders and the radical press, who insisted upon the deferred payments in question. To call upon ns-tho critics of the system-to champion or defend the free selection terms is of courso ridiculous. All that we have to say is that wo do not believe that the selectora will be convinced, by either rhetoric or figures, that thoy have never paid a penny to the state, or that it is only right and proper that they should go on contributing their Is. per acre for ever. This is what the leaseholders are expected to do. They are to make a payment year after year, and to be as far from ownership at the end of a decade as at the commencement. Evon in argument they can beat Mr. MIEAMS with his own weapons. Ho soils houses which are paid for by instalments. Why, they will ask, should the state not receive instalments for its land ? Twenty annual payments of Is. each would not bo £1 por aero, according to building society rules, no doubt, but It would be urged that they represent at least 10s. per acre. There would be 20 sixpences towards tho principal, and 20 sixpences towards the interest, and 10s. per acre is something. It would suffise, wo apprehond, to satisfy the consciences of the occupiers, who would doubtless applaud tho clover ciphering by which tho MIRASIS of the day would show thom that thoy had long ago liquidated all reasonable responsibilities. The con- troversy was commenced by Mr. MIUAMS asserting that it was very difficult to levy a tax on land. It must close by our re- affirming the belief that it would bo very easy to take a rent chargo, tax, or impost off the land, and then away goes tho leas- ing income. For the bonefitof the public we may add that this is only one point. The object of any land reform is to check the excessive aKcnation which hoB occurred under " tho free selection craze," and wo deny that that object is attained by placing the people on tho land on larger arcas and on easier terniB than ovor, m tho expectation that in duo course the occupiers can be turned off again for another distribution. Tho idea that a nation can bo evicted is surely, of all ideas, the moat preposterous. At the meeting of the Harbour Trust Committee held on Wednesday last, a> letter waB read from the department of Trade and Customs giving permission to deposit any silt raised in the vicinity of tlie piers at Sandridge and Williamstown in Laverton Bay. It is now very nearly a year since Mr. A. T. CLAKK-in pur- suance of the obligation ho has ap- parently taken on himself as tho repre- sentative- of Williamstown to harass tho Trust at every turn- withdrew that per- mission to deposit spoil In deop water which enabled drudging operations in Hobson's Bay to bo carried on with oas» and economy. That tho allegation» ? made in j ustification of the withdrawal wero transparently incorrect is known to every- one who has given tho subject any atten- tion, but as Mr. CLAKK had the- power in his hands, and Mr. BBIUIY was afraid or indisposed to intorforo as Premier; they answered just as well as if thoy had been very embodiments of acouracy. Their groundlessness m all probability imparted an additional reliBh to the proceeding which they were advanced to support, as interference on mere protonooa added insult to injury. But, however that may be, what a reflection the wholo business is on our form of govern- ment. A mere professional politician bo comes head of a department in which he once held a subordinate situation, and ho foithwith uses the power» with which ho is invested for tho purpose of strengthening tho representative po; sition to which he owes his olevaUon, lb Is simply inonstrou. that because a Minis tor's constituenta uro opposed to a great national work Yvhicli thoy cannot prevent for very long, tho improvement of tho principal port of tho colony should bo delayed for a year, and a valuable plant should bo kopt lulo Yvhilo shoals form nround the piers Yvhich aro neodod for tho accommodation of shipping. What good has Mr. A. T. CLARK done by the course ho adopted, oven looking at the matter from tho Williamstown stand- point? He may havo gratified the potty spito of a few property ownors, but nothing which Williamstown or its member can do will put off for long the day when largo ocoan-going ships and steamers will diachargo and load at the Molbourno wharves. Thoy_ can harass and retard operations a little, but we would ask them what thoy oxpect to gain by that i It ia USOIOSB to fight against the inevitable, and surely, now that Mr. A. T. CLARK'S most signal device for obstructing progress has collapsed, the tirao has como whon futile opposition should bo definitely abandoned. Communication on the overland telegraph line, which was interrupted on. Wednesday in consequence of storms, waa restored yes- terday, and we publish to-day a varied and interesting budget ' of cable intelligence, Sir Charles Dilke baa been again de spatched to Paris by tho English Cabinet to reaumo negotiationa with the French Govern- ment for the settlement of the commercial treaty between the two countries. Sir William Harcourt, the Secretary of Stats for the Home Department, baa refused to inter- fere with the Bentencea of imprisonment re cently passed on persons convicted of bribery in connexion Yrith the general elections in England last year. Lord Selbornc, the Lord Chancellor of England, ia reported to be seriously ill, and the death is announced of Sir Kobert Lush, one of tho judges of the Queen's Bench. The learned judgo was bora at Sbaftesbuiy on 25th October, 1807\. He was called to the bar in 1810. After practising with much success, he became Q.C. in 1857, and was appointed one of the judges of the Queen's Bench ia November, 1805, when he received the honour of knighthood. Official notification of the knighthood of Chief Justice Lilley, of Queensland, bas been made in London, The disaffected portions of Ireland are to be divided into five diatricts, in which the ad* ministration of justice will be entrusted to the military authorities. The police are re- ported to have discovered a clue to the per- sons implicated in the mausoleum outrage in Aberdeenshire. The stolen body of the late Karl of Crawford ia supposed to have been taken to London. Serious anti-JewUh riots have taken place in Warsaw, and GOO arresta havo been made by the police. Aus- tria has settled the little difficulty which ex- isted in the new kingdom of Koumania with respect to the navigation of the Danube, and diplomatic relations between the two countries have been resumed. The correspondence between the Govern- ment of this colony and Sir Henry Parkes, the Premier of New South Wales, relative to the official visit which the latter intends to pay to Washington, will be published in a day or two. On the part of the Victorian Government it ia stated that they consulted the principal buyers of wool for the United States in Melbourne, and also gentlemen interested in American and Australian commerce. It waa urged by the gentlemen in queation that if the Government of the United States contemplated the encourage- ment of local industries by abolishing or reducing the import dnty on wool it was more likely that the exercise of external pressure would delay the achievement of that object than hasten it. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen wishes it to be clearly understood that there was no diacourtesy shown to Sir Henry Parkes in conducting the correspondence on the sub jec. The names oi a number of gentlemen bave been separately mentioned as being eligible for the position of Agent-General, and likely to obtain it, bat there ia little or no foundation for the varions reports in circulation, Mr. Francis was offered tho appointment a week ago, and after giving the matter full consideration decided on declining it, upon personal and private grounds. Mr. Francis would have been very glad to have co-operated with the Govetdment in the floating of the new loan and the redemption of the old loans now fulling due ; and his intimate relations with gentlemen occupying leading places amongst Anglo-Auetralian bankers in London would have been of considerable service to bim and the colony. He thinks, however, that leaving Melbourne at the present time might oblige Lim to make greater personal sacrifices than it would perhaps be prudent to incur, and with some reluctance be gave a negative reply to the proposal which waa submitted to bim. 'J be Cabinet considered the state of affairs at their meeting yesterday, and deemed it advisable to postpone taking action for a short time. It is considered not improbable that Mr. Francis may be induced to recon- sider his decision when it is mode clear to bim that the interests of the colony would be served by his acceptance of the position. A further telegram regarding the departure of the English malla baa been received by the Chief Secretary from Colonel Paaley, acting agent-general, dated on Tuesday last. It is as follows :-" Delay '2- hours monsoon mails would involve Sunday despatch from Calcutta ; hence the difficulty, which does not affect other montha. Conveyed your decision to the committee, but fear neither they nor Colonial Office can help us, India being hostile. If you detain steamer till 1 o'clock on Tuesdays, company will doubtless try to make up time, and will probably succeed.'' The Government has again telegraphed to Colonel Pasley instructing bim to continue to urge the concession which this colony re- quires, viz,, that the departure of the mail Steamers from Melbourne during the " mon- soon" months should be fixed by the ti me- ltable at 1 p.m. on Tuesdays. At the meeting of the Executive Council yesterday the dates for the holding of Assize .Courts for next year were agreed upon, Tho first aro to be heldîn February, and there will be 31 during the year, exclusive of the Bittinga of the Central Criminal Court in Melbourne. The Chief Secretary has requested the Consul for France (M. Belcour) to ascertain if au extension could not be made of the time within which applications must be lodged for space at the ensuing Bordeaux Wine Exhibition. It has been announced that they must be sent in not later than the 1st January next, but it is obvious that such n limitation amounts almoBt to a prohibition against Australian participation, The ex- hibits will be received not later than the 1st May. The Minister oT Public Works has received 22 competitive designs for the new Falls bridge, and he has referred them to the fol- lowing gentlemen to be adjudicated upon : Messrs. W. H. Steel (inapector-general of public works), W. Elsdon (engineer-in-cuief of railways), J. Brady (engineer of harbour Iruet), S. W. ISmitb, (surveyor for the Eoierald-hill town council), W. C. Watts (city survoyor), and J. Nimmo, M.L A. Mr. li. E. Minchin, the South Australian inspector of fisheries, is at present on a visit to this colony, for the purpose of inquiring into the working of our Fisheries Act, and of arranging for the better protection of fish in the Glenelg River and other streams near the border. He piocseded yesterday to Ercil- doune to examine the salmon ponds there. Next tveek howill viait the Gipps LandLakes, and afterwards the Glenelg River. The pressing necessity that exists for pro- viding the Victorian Railways with additional rolling-Btock has induced Mr. Bent to give directions for the immediato erection of ?carriage workahops ot Williamstown June tioo. Buildings will bo constructed cut of the materials obtained from 4he Exhibition annexes. It is hoped that tho department will be in IT , - when the shops hate been finished and equipped to turn out three carnages per week. In addition, private contracts will be let It will tax the resources of the railway department and private builders to the utmoBt to supply all the stock which will bo wanted in the course of the next 12 months Steps have also been taken by Mr Bent to hasten the completion of the surveys of tho Unes which have been authorized by Parlia- ment Huberto it has been the custom of the Railway department to supply freo passes for press reporters. Mr. Bent, however, has de termmed to abolish this practice, and has Riven orders that on and after the 2nd January half the ordinary fares shall be charged for all tickets issued for the repre- sentatives of the press An old and faithful servant of Tin Argus, Samuel Iles, who had discharged the duties of messenger for upwards of 30 years, bas passed away. After a useful and active life, during which ho had enjoyed little leisure and bad known scarcely any eickneaa, he was seized six days ago with asevere íllneea, which terminated yesterday in death Though be had attained the ripe age of C7, be was strong and capable up to the very day of the attack, which seized him while ho was performing his duties about the office His loss will bo keenly felt m all departments of the olfico, for he may be said to havo been part and parcel of tho establishment, and he was respected by everyone in it for his honesty, trustworthiness, and straight fornarJncua, as well as for his industry and the conscientiousness with which he discharged Ina duties A slight vein of occen tricity in his character prevented him from being BO well understood as he might otherwise have been, but everyone in the office realised tho integrity and worth which belonged to him aa a proved and trusted eervant As such bo «ill bo remembered and as Buch ho will be regretted Mr Iles lentes a widow and tivo children His remains mil be interred m the Melbourne General Cemetery to morrow afternoon Intelligence has been received in Melbourne from a private source of a murder committed undor somewhat remarkable circumstances in Paris. The victim was M Chalons Sur Saune, a gentleman occupying a high and in- fluential position, and who bad lately boen appointed substitut du 1'rocureui Qeneial After being at tho theatre with BO mo friends ona night ho returned to his home, and on the following morning be was found lying in his bedroom with bis skull broken, his tongue cut out, and Buffering from other serions injuries, from wbicb he shortly after- wards died Nothing bad been Btolen from the deceased, and there was no clue af- forded as to the perpetrator of the crime or the motive which prompted it The Steam Navigation Board will com- mence an inquiry at half past 10 this morn ing into the collision between tbo steamers Nelson and Julia Percy. The Julia Percy returned from the Western cliBtrict porta yesterday, and was taken along- side the South Wharf to discharge cargo. The blow struck by the Nelson during the collision on Sunday morning must have been of considerable force, for it has cut her down to the main deck, and leftavery ugly gap, Tbo Jnlia Percy is strengthened amidships by a double girder, and this helped in no small degree to lessen the force of the blow in the collision. No damage was done to the machinery, and the Julia Percy was enabled to steam to her various ports of call and back again to Melbourne. While the Julia Percy and the Nelson are undergoing repair, the steamer Claud Hamilton will run to the Western ports for tbo Western Sieam Navi- gation Company. An application was made by Mr. Topp yesterday, to Mr. Justice Williams, for an in- junction in a suit of Coombes v. Barton, to restrain the defendant from infringing a copy- right of the plaintiff's, It was alleged that the plaintiff owned tho Trades Protection Circular, in which he published liata of billa of sale, &c; that be bad to pay fees at the Hegistrar-General'8 office to Bearch for the bills of eale registered. It was also stated that the defendant, Mr. G. B. Barton, pub- lished a paper called the Mercantile Gazelle ; that the plaintiff had reason to suspect that the defendant copied from his circular the list of bills of sale, &c.; In conséquence of this belief a trap was laid, and a purely fictitious transaction waa published, in which it WSB stated that a bill of sale had been given by one Gottlieb Wilhelm Johansen, of Cara manus, farmer, to Carl Schmidt, to secure an advance of £127. This was published on the 28th November, and afterwards appeared ia an issue of the defendant's paper. It was submitted that no harm could be done" to the defendant by granting the injunction, because if he did not copy from the plaintiff's paper tbe injunction would not injure him, and if he did copy from it it was only right that he should be restrained from carrying on that practice. Tbe application for the injunction was made exparle. His Honour granted the injunction, The members of both the combined team and the Kiiglieh Eleven practised on the Melbourne ground yesterday evening, a largo number of spectators being present The batting of Giffen, the Adelaide bateman, who combines in an unusual degree safety with freedom of style, was greatly ad- mired, and tho universal opinion is that his presence strengthens the eleven; Owing to a family affliction, Garrett was compelled to withdraw from the team, and took his departure for Sydney by the first train yesterday morning. As he waa in splendid all-round form, his losa will be greatly felt No player has yet been chosen to replace bim, but should tho weather prove fine up to the morning of the match, W. H. Cooper will probably bo selected ; while, should the opposite be tbe case, Edwards, who waa chosen aa twelfth man, will be in- cluded in the team. A special general meeting of the Melbourne Cricket Club will be held in the new pavilion on Wednesday afternoon, nth. January, at i o'clock, to consider a proposal mads by the lion, J, Bligh to bring out a team of English cricketers during next BeaBon. At a meeting of the V.A.T.C. atewarda held yesterday, the protest against Abdallah for wrongful nomination in the Steeplechase was taken into consideration, and dismissed. A protest against Dhurringile for carrying 51b. j overweight, without declaring, was BIBO considered. Attbe race meeting, the stewards carno to the somewhat peculiar decision that Dhurringile having won the Ilurdle Kace should carry a jib. penalty in the Welter Handicap. The horse carried the penalty, and won the race. The consequence was, a protest was lodged againBt him. This pro- test was also dismissed. The roco meeting, already postponed three times, will be held on the Kensington Park course to-day. Captain Oaborno'a colt, Wheatear, arrived in Melbourne on Wednesday, and made his appearance on the flemington training ground {yesterday morning, when he did a gallop greatly to the satisfaction of tho tonta. Martindale did a very {jood gallop with Mon- mouth, Bhowing that the report about his being lame was without foundation. Wheat ear is considerably firmer in tho betting, and 100 to 40 is the best price that can be obtained about him for the Champion Stakes. Wel- lington, who has done a sound preparation in a very satisfactory manner, is firm at 100 to 30. There is very little speculation about the other horses engaged in the race, though it ¡B likely that Commotion, Santa Claus, and Monmouth will havo some firm friends if their appearance is liked on the day. The racehorse Bosworth was Bent overland to Sydney by the afternoon train yesterday. The following scratchings were posted at the V.B.C. office yesterday :-Champion Stakes-The Duke, Sweetmeat, Lord Burgh- ley, and the Cockney ; the Normanby StakeB -Treasure Trove, Gretna Green, Allander, Endymion, Themis, Lesbia, Comet, lied Deer, Miss Panic, Iphigenta, The Drone, j "- t. Andrew, lSow Bella, Lanercoat, _Q_ '¿iddiogton. The annual bowling contcat between New South Wales and Victoria took place yester- day, on the Prince Alfred bowling green, St. 'Kilda. A large number of spectators were present, and the weather was all that could bo desired. After some excellent play, the Victorian representatives succeeded in beating their opponents by SO pointa, the scores being 134 and 84 respectively. In the evening a banquet waa given to the visiting team at Clemente' Café, Mr. Mark Moaa, president of the Victorian Bowling Association, presid- ing. Shortly after 1 o'clock yeaterday morning, the Presbyterian Church situated in Curzon street, Hotham, was burglariously entered, but owing to the thief becoming alarmed immediately after entering the church, nothing appears to have been stolen. Shortly after tho hour mentioned, aome of the cor. poration employés noticed a light in the building, and went to seo what was going on. The burglar became alarmed, for the light disappeared, and when the building was examined no one waa to bo found. It waa found that tho burglar had effected au entrance by prizing off the leaden binding of the veatry window. He appears to have been no novice at the business, as all the doora had been opened by means of the keya found in the vestry in order to facilitate escape. Only a week ago St. Mary's Church of England was entered in the same way and the contenta of the missionary boxes stolen. The snme person is supposed to have committed both offences. The damage done to the Pavilion in Niohol son-street during Wednesday's gale, waa far more extensive than was at Drat supposed, and, in consequence, the sports to take place have been postponed until to morrow at 1 p.m., Yvhen the 50 miles walking match and the slow bicycle race will be started, On Monday aBix dayB' "go-as-you-please" between Mrs. Wallace and Miss Phillips will be commenced for £200. Tho stakes were lodged yester- day. A very sudden death occurred yeaterday at the Mechanics' Restaurant, Bourke- street. A man about 60 years of age, whose name ÍB unknown, was eating hia dinner, when it waa aeen that he was choking. Dr. Moloney WBB sent for, but before be arrived the man was dead. A piece of meat was afterwards extracted from the deceaaed'a throat. The body was removed to the morgue to await identification and an inquest.. The deceased had had hia left leg amputated above the knee, and was dressed in dark coat and trousers and brown vest. He had in his pocketB Is, lid. in cash, and a return railway ticket from Richmond. A few days ago John Warne, a butcher at Hotham, was summoned to the Police Court for keeping Ilia yard in a filthy condition, and was fined 50a. The money not being paid a distress warrant was issued, and given to Constable M'Sweeney to serve. The con- stable went yesterday in pursuance of his duty to the residence of Warne in O'Con nell-street On producing the warrant Warne snatched it out of his hand and commenced a vigorous assault upon him, backed up and encouraged by the bystanders. The constable found it advisable to beata retreat, and applied for a warrant against bia assailant, under which the latter was subse- quently arrested. Tbere was a second charge against him of stealing the warrant. Bail waa allowed, the defendant entering into his own recognisance for £100, with one surety to the Burne amount. The case will be heard to-day. There waa a numerous assemblage at the Athenrcum-hall last night, on the occaaion of the half-yearly meeting of the Melbourne Catholic Young Men's Society. An excellent musical and elocutionary programme was provided for the entertainment of the visitors, and addresses were delivered by the Very Rev. Prior Butler, Sir John O'shanassy, and Dr. Moloney. Prior Butler was accorded an enthusiastic reception. He ' waa especi- ally pleased, he said, to observe that the Bociety had prefixed the word " Catholic " to itB title, As young men, they Bhould be proud of being members of tho grandest institu- tion that now exists, or ever has existed, on tbie earth ¡'the institution that gave liberty to modern Europe ; that cradled the great and glorioua univeraities that have now attained their meridian splendour ; the insti tution that has ever been the best patron o science and art and has ennobled and aancti lied the pursuit of honest toil. Sir John O'shanassy urged upon the various Catholic societies the advisability of uniting to build a " Catholic Hall " on a central site in the city. Dr. Moloney gave some interesting reminis- cences of the period when he was a member of the society. A scene from the second act of "Hamlet" waa well played in character by five members of the Bociety. Commenting upon the proposed Victorian loan of £4,000,000, the Pall MaU Gazelle of Nov. 14 remarks:-"Rather extensive bor- rowings are foreshadowed in the budget of the colony of Victoria for 1881-1882. A loan of about £4,000,000, forming half the projected new borrowings of this not very satisfactory territory, is to be offered here next year, the proceeds to be applied in the usual way to the construction of railways, waterworks, barbour improvements, public buildinga, &c.; But in addition to this we bave to look for- ward to a great conversion operation. In the course of the next four yeara nearly £8,000,000 of the older six per cent, debt of the colony will maturo, and as no provision has been rnado for paying it off, it will have to be renewed. This the Govern- ment proposes to do by an issue of four per cent, stock ; and euch ia tbe credit of the colony that it expects to be able to do this at a price which Yvill save nearly the YYholo 2 per cent, difference between the cur- rent and the new ratea of intereat. Hence the lightbeartedneeswitb which fresh debt is to be contracted ; for, in the circumstances, ' it will add little or nothing to our public bur- dens.' This may or may not prove to be the case, but we confess to a fear that thia ever- lasting craving for debt and yet more debt will not in the end be a good thing for this or any other colony. What, for ex ample, will any one of them do when all the public lands are disposed of? At present a large part of the ability to pay interest on debt comes from the eales of these lands. The capital ob- tained thereby ia, in short, uacd to pay interest of debt and interest alone. But that kind of extravagant management must come to an end Borne day; and if meantime the debts grow bigger and bigger year after yoar what are the colonies then to do ? Will their inhabitants submit to heavy taxation for the purpose of honourably meeting their engage, menta ? They may ; but tho recent manifeB tations in this very colony of Victoria do not lead us to be very sanguine upon the point." The following description of the New London Wool Exchange is from the Home iW?tf-:-"In a fine central situation in tho heart of the city of London stands the New Wool Exchange, which, after considerable alterations and improvements, is now finally completod, and ready to receive its full com- plement of inmateB. In 1871 the first aeries of buildings in connexion with this exchange were erected, with a capital frontage in Coleman-street, near to the Bank of Eng- land, and within the last l8 months further additions have been made by which the premises extend into Basinghall Btreet, where there is a splendid frontage and carriage entrance. The entire premises occupy a superficial area of about three quartets of an acre, and the building has been carried out with an eye to every modern improvement as regarda strength, beauty of style, and perfect sanitary arrangements. The height of the building from the ground to the summit of the bell tower is 80ft., and tbe principal frontage in Basinghall-street is 72ft., the upper portion of which is con- structed of Bath stone, supported at the basement by eight massive Aber- deen granite columna, which are most artistically carved. The lighting arrange menta of the Exchange and offres may be considered unique, the floors of the passages and staircases being made of thick rough.cast glasB, mounted on strong iron- work. By this means the light, nearly all of which comes through ali j lights at tbo top of the building, is evenly and powerfully diffused, thus making tho offices peculiarly suitable for the occupation of wool mer- chants, to whom plenty of light for sorting their merchandise or judging of its quality ia a most important feature. The offices are to be warmed by Doulton's porcelain slow com- bustion steves. The sanitary appliances and fittings of the lavatories aro especially worthy of notice, the walla being panelled with red American pine, stained and varnished. In the basement ia u largo and well-lighted room with an area of 10,000ft, suitable for a store or for subdivision, and to which thero is a capacious goodb entrance. For the general convenience of the tenants, mer- chants, and others resorting to the Kichange, there are commodious and well-appointed dining rooms, post-office and telegraph rooms, by which rapid and instant business communications can bo transmitted to any part of the metrópolis at any hour. From an inspection specially made, we may safely pro- nounce this important addition to the com- mercial architecture and buaineas require- ments of the city of London second to none of a similar character." The following cases wore admitted into the Melbourne Hospital yesterday : - Harriet TomlinBon, aged SG years, living at Palmer street, Collingwood, Buffering from injuries to the bead caused by a fall ; Wm. Mathews, aged 47 years, living at Spencer-strcot, suffer- ing from injuries to the knee caused by being run over by a cabin Victoria-street; Thomas Welsh, aged 14 years, living at Whittlesea, suffering from an incised wound in tbo left foot canBed by an axe slipping while he was chopping wood. Referring to a prosecution which was the subject of a recent cable message, the Daily jtVtws of November l8 observes :-" The charge againBt Dr, Ferrier, which was dis- missed by Sir James Ingham yesterday, seems to have been entirely misunderstood. It was not a charge of cruelty, nor an attempt to suppress the practice of vivisection for purely scientific purposes, but was simply a charge of performing these experiments with- out a licence. It was dismissed solely on the ground that the operation waa performed by Professor Yeo, who held a licence, and not by Professor Ferrier, who had not taken one, The excitement which tbo prosecution seems to have produced both on the side of the medical profession and on that of the opponents of vivisection, is altogether needlesB. The trial has proved that Lord Carnarvon's Act does not- prevent the per- formance of operations in which pain is inflicted on the lower animals in the interest of science, provided that the operator has received a special licence to make the experi- ments. Such a licence would never be denied to scientific men of the standing of Professor Yeo or Professor Ferrier; and the public would be quite willing that they should be allowed great freedom of action. Professor Ferrier's discoveries respecting the functions of tbe brain, and especially in Bhowing that many of those functions are localised, have been, and are likely to be, of great value to mankind. Whether they can be made with- out the infliction of cruel suffering on dumb creatures we aro not informed. It is certain that considerable pain has been inflicted, and that the great moss of civilised mankind read of such infliction with a Bense of horror and indignation which no certainty of scientific gain will ever repress. It is of no use to be angry with the public for this aentimentaUsm, and scientific men will be wiso if they con- trive to conduct their experiments in a way which will enable them to show, when they are challenged, that every possible precaution against cruelty haB been taken." Mr. J. N. Maskelyne, writing to the London Daily Telegraph, says :-" Having for many years been recognised by the public as an anti-spiritualiat and exposer of the frauds practised by spirit-media, it may sur- prise some of your readers to learn that I am a believer in apparitions. Several similar occurrences to those deacribed by many of yonr correspondente have taken place in my own family, and in the families of near friends and relatives. The moat remarkable one happened to ray wife's mother some years ago. Late one evening, whilst sitting alone busily occupied with he: needle, a strange sensation came over her, and upon looking np she distinctly eaw her aged mother standing at the end of the room. Sho rubbed her weary eyes, and looked again, but the spectre had vanished, She concluded it was imagination, and retired to reat, thinking nothing more of the vision, until the next day brought the news that her mother, at about the same time the apparition had ap- peared, bad fallen down in a fit and expired. I will also relate a circumstance which hap- pened to myself, ns it may tend to throw some light upon tljcso common occurrences. When a boy, and learning to swim, I got out of my depth, and waa very neatly drowned, being insensible when taken out of tho water. My sensations wero similar to those which have often been deacribed by others. After the terrible feeling of suffocation I fell into a pleasant swoon, and a panorama of all the principal incidents of my life passed before me. The last thing I could re- member was a vivid picture of my home. I saw my mother, and could describe minutely where she sat, and what she was doing. Upon returning home I kept tho secret of what bad happened from her. She however, questioned me closely, and said she felt strangely uneasy and anxious about me, and thought some accident had befallen mo. I am convinced that bad it been night-time, and roy mother alone, with little to occupy her attention, she would have seen my gbo3t, and perhaps the ghost of the water which closed over my head, as plainly as I saw her ghost, and the ghost of the room in which she was sitting. In after years, when ponder- ing over these and otl .v facta, I carno to the conclusion that it was quite possible for one mind occasionally to inlluence another, no matter how great tbo distance apart, espe- cially where ' two hearts beat aa one,' or, more correctly speaking, where two brains vibrate in unison." Mr. Samuel Morley, writing to the New York Tribune, Bays :-" I have unaltered faith in the soundness of the free-trade doc- trine, and a firm conviction, as the result of a somewhat extended visit to various portions of the States, that it will ultimately become the policy of this country. I havo been greatly struck everywhere by the evident and grow- ing desire for free-trade, and am convinced the American manufacturers need no protec- tion. I think, taking into consideration the cost of living, that a labouring man is as well paid in England na in America. I recently helped to return tohianative land an English mechanic, who assured me he could live aa well for 40a. a week in .England as for GOa. a week in Philadelphia. The labourer seems to feel the independence of hia position moro here, but he is fully as independent of his employer in England as here." On the 24th ult. we published a cable mésange- stating that Mr. Clement Scott, a well-known London litterateur, had brought an action against the Referee, and had recovered £1,500 damages for a libellous statement it bad made respecting him in connexion with the late Misa Adelaide Keil8on'a will. Subsequently another mes- sage informed us that a new trial had been granted. The following extract from the Pall Mall Budget of Nov. l8 explains the nature of the libel complained of: ""An action brought by Mt. Clement Scott, the dramatic critic, to recover damages for an alleged libel published concerning him in the Referee, came before Mr. Justice Denman, Mr. Baron Huddleston, and Mr. Justice Hawkins, sitting in banco on Monday, November 14. The matter had been before a master upon a summons to show cause why the plaintiff should not-give further answers to certain interrogatories exhibited to him by Hie defendant. The master dismissed the eummo-B, and upon appeal to Mr. Justice Kay, at chambers, the decision was sup- ported. The matter now carno before the Court upon further appeal from the decision at chambers. The article having stated that Miaa Neileon, who died in Paria last year, had loft £1,000 to Mr. Joseph Knight, a critic who had in her early days been kind and useful to her, and the bulk of her pro- perty waa to go to another old friend, Admiral Carr-Glyn, went on to state that another theatrical critic called upon Admiral Glyn, and hinted that many terrible things might bo said about Mian Neilaou, the result being that the admiral paid him £500 The defendant, having pleaded that what waa complained of waa true in a a bataneo and fact, administered a number of interrogatories to the plaintiff with reapect to alleged attempts on the part of the plaintiff to obtain money from actors and actresses. The replies not being satisfactory, a summons was taken out to compel further answera. The appeal was diamiaaed with coate." "Two new portfolios," observes the Home -Veto», "are created in the French Govern- ment- thoae of Agricultura and Art, which have hitherto gone with Commerce and Edu- cation, The reasone are that agriculture is tho chief elementof national wealth, that the hands of the Minister of Commerce are already sufficiently full of purely commercial affaira, and that foreign competition, bad harvests, and tbe phylloxera have placed French agri- culture in an exceedingly critical condition. Foreign competition, also, ia to some extent responsible for the creation of a portfolio of Art. Nations, it ia said, which have only lately imitated France have become her rivals in artistic manufactures and the results of technical education. This ia the first occa sion on which the French Cabinet has con- sisted of 12 members, The addition of the portfolio of Poets and Telegraphs in 1870 incieaeed the number from nine to 10. The Times correspondent points out tbat if M. Freycinet bad not persisted in hie refusal it would have reached the ill-omened total of 13, and would have been appointed on the 13th day of the month. ' As it is,' he adds, ' M. Grevy and his Ministers will be a party of 13 in councils at the Elysée, when there are no absentees, but nono of them are men likely to be uneasy at unlucky num- bers.' " At the organ recitals in tho Towrj-hall yes- terday afternoon there was a Large attend- ance. The programme was made up as fol- lows, namely-1. Overture, " William Tell,' Roesini. 2. Andante in F (by request), Beethoven. 3. Gavotte (a), by Thomas, and Gavotte (bj, by Dunster. 4. Grand " Pedal Fugue on St. Ann's tune," Bach. 5. Descriptive March, "The Turkish Patrol" (by deeire), Michaelis. 0. Selection from Handel's Oratorio, "The Messiah," including the air, "He Shall Feed His Flock," and the chorua" And,the Glory of the Lord." Whilst the performance of all these pieces was greatly applauded, the balance of approval went in favour of the repetition of "The Turkish Patrol." In repjy to this demand Mr, Lee played "'Twaa within a Mile of Edinboro' Town," and the performance of thia old song seemed to please the bearers better than that of the new march. The selections from " The Messiah " were magnificently played by Mr. Lee, who on Christmas nights for years past, as conductor, has given time and tone to the voices and instrumenta in the annual performance of "The Mea Biah " by the Philharmonic Society." We havo to acknowledge from Mr Samuel Mullen some very elegant calendara for 1882, just received from England They are beauti- fully illuminated and printed An additional sum of £4 14s , subscribed by the officers of the Lands department towards the children s charities of Melbourne, has been forwarded to Mr Gherbury s Home of Hope, Collingwood Mr Call P M , acknowledges for the City Court poor box receipt of £1 Is from Meaars Edward Rigby and Co , £2 from Mr Charles Wright, and £1 from Mr Edward J Rigby Messrs J Kitchen and Sons, ou 22ad December, presented their manager, Mr W ilham Lucas, with a valuable gold watch, suitably inscribed, in recognition of bia intro ducmg vanouB now matonals as exhibited by them at the late Melbourne Exhibition At the conclusion of the choral celebration of the holy communion on Christmaa Day, Canon Handfield, at the request of the organist of St Peters Church, and on behalf of that congregation, presented to each member of the choir a email Christmaa pre eent, as a mark of appreciation of the osai dtuty and veal which tbo members of St Peters choir have diaplayed in performing the muaical portion of the church servio during the year 1881 