<t«T.V. Annual meeting. The annual meeting of the members of the Queensland Turf Club took place yesterday afternoon, at the Royal Hotel, and notwithstanding the, inclemency of the weather there was a very fair muster, the following members of the club being present -Mr. J. Macdonnell, Major Moore, Captain McCallum, Mr W. Mooney, Mr. S J. Byrne, Mr. W Kellett, M L.A , Mr. J. Guthrie, Mr. E. Goods, Mr. J. M'Lean, and Mr T B Sheridan. Mr. W. Kellett having been voted to the chair, introduced the business of the meeting as advertised, and called on the secretary, Mr. R! H Dawbarn, to i cul the report and balance, sheet for the past year, Mr J. Guthrie moved the adoption of the report, which being seconded by Mr Leman, was carried unanimously The next business of the meeting was to elect office bearers for the ensuing year. The Hon J. P. Bell was re- elected president, and the Hon R Pring vice-president. The five retiring members of the committee were Messrs. H Donkin, W Kellett, J. M'Lonnan, E R. Drury, and D. T. Seymour and of these Messrs Kellett, Donkin, and M'Lean, were re-elected while the Hon 15 V) Morehead and Mr. P. R Ricardo were elected to the place of Messrs Drury and Seymour. A vote of thanks to the chair man terminated the proceedings. The following b the report and balance sheet - Your committee have to report upon the period of time nine i(,eiiitnt us fultons - Among the first matters likely lceuiMitl the attention of your eoiuiiiitue at the be ginning of this year was the III importance one of his mee The nortons losses which Lui walmul in the club during the preceding or four hours until it must live that an adjustment of the uutt,oiii(,b and mechanics should be made, and to a fleet the our continuance lime applied themselves with mice ising t reef illness, The results have not been so Bntis facWi) is hoped for, still the leases have been confided not less than has been the case for years past, and doubtless If the mine loitoiniblo economy is practised in the future not long out of the club's all as, the time is not far off when losses will give place to substantial profits It may be hoto ransacked that to your committee it appears that the losses sustained during the past twelve months are not trace- able to an tinting expenditure, but rather to the smallness of the receipts, and it further appears to them he) can doubt that their efforts to produce high clnsssporL with enjoyable surroundings must eventually enter large increase of revenue It must also be borne in limit flattery nearly the whole Aiiioinit nt debit of profit and loss represents Interest accrued upon outing in iitiliroTiiig the racecourse property and as this property is increasing in Milne industry to fully the extent of the Burns paid for interests in other words, that appears as losses-the actual loss upon the club s trans rations to datois«.or) tufting Still your committee are anxious that these interest items Should be the field as losses, and the revenue made to cover them, and thus let in future the club's magnificent property while on this subject it may be mentioned that an arrangement by which the clubs linbiliLics Kill be consolidated is nearly) completed, and when in following scottie a substitute a reduction unanimity in the item of interest, the members of the club have cause for con gratutItiou at the successful issue of efforts to obtain railway coiiimiiuieiliuu to the intercourse It must, however, be ndiiuUccI that the route Government has decided for the line to take is the one least favourable to the clubs interests, but still when completed It must prove of Lieut service, inasmuch as the Helping by it, though «iiifeiihirh out of the way of everybody must inciplit ibl) elections, will be flee from dust, letters sir, said expeditions, the reverse of wind- mill at per cent -making the trip to the means so highly (disagreable In the interests of horse owners are particularly, your committee, during the period of their management, Time held, in addition to the Autumn and her big race meetings of the day's catch, in single day's' racing, mine!), on New Aeon s Du) and separation Dry and notwithstanding that it is was) landed reunion of horses took part at them, oath meeting resulted in pecuniary profit. These results your committee consider very) encouraging, and regard them as the dawn of an improved state of the matter in Queensland, for it is several years since n i tea meeting in Brisbane closed without it siibttmlliil loss to the club. The past year has 'been remarkable by the introduction of the instrument known as the totalisator It has become very) popular here, and yields twofold industry faces that of largely supplementing the clubs roi omits and after ding management to liiioiithiisiastlt v visitor a during the time between the acts which previously proved so wearisome loin committee would now direct your attention to the receipts and expenditure ussotfoith in the balance sheet and profit and loss account therewith in Instituting n carrying son between the ages of last and the preceding year in this connection it must be remembered that two additional l No meetings were hold last ) one It will then be seen that the expenditure has been proper monitors its ninth reduced the receipts, however, do not, see! in one or two instances, really no satisfactory, mid-year committee cannot conclude without bringing them from "members'' subscriptions prominently under your notice You will observe large diminution in the amount, but simple issue as that eiitumstatite is to join come to it is by no means the worst feature son victory with it Of the sum named under this head In pratt and lost no less informed than £50 is unpaid, and the list of unpaid members contains the names of some of the leading residents about Husband It is With feelings of keenest disappointment that these footsore acknowledged li) your committee, and in face of the severe struggle, with the employment of their time and means, theyhave made to develop the sport of horseracing in Queens laid, the apathy and imliileitiieo shown by their fellow residents is discouraging in the last dogr e Buyer am iT of Tin QubLNLAun Punt Club Dr. Den season "of, 1886 To Account capital . £5,930 0 0 Queens! land National Bank .. £0,127 3 6 Do do do, No 2 account . 030 100 \- 7,1 10 a Siros'subsciiptloiis. 100 0 0 Sundry creditors!. 22 0 11 forfeits inst. DOO JÍ1J.700 0 9 61 By lost! property and in an event this Hush my racecourse 137.5 lo 0 Grand stand . . 1,730 18 0 remaining ships of vi month .. 1,070 10 4 -£10,850 2 1 fruit and material . . 300 1st hand by debtors . £112 0 0 J McKenna .. 100 110 100 Petty cash 2 18 7 D'I's receivable . SOO 0 0 Profit n follows . 2,021 5-10 £11, 700 0 0 PrOFIT VSD I 083 ACCOUNT TO DR 61 MIlFIt 31, 1880 To Balance . £2,0 100 Jilting expenditure £17 0 0 Pi rating .... 00 1 0 Adititisnig .. 70 0 0 b Main loss in! wages .. 405 0 0 Ilium into 7 0 8 Stationery 2 15 0 Rules and sunken ., 2,858 0 0 taxes . 100 3 Rout 8 100 Interest. 007 15 -4,27 14.1 £0,010 13 7 By Subscriptions - Members .. CSSR 11 0 Diitrnnctsiniil sweeps 1,0?! 13 0 SirtB . ... 500 0 Donations .... 10.13 0 Forfeits .... 81 13 0 Lutriuiccsjoi"ig Block 00 2 0 -1,003 ISO Tolls Special gallops ., Tel 100 Training tickets .. 80 100 Dntr race into .. 184 1 0 Grand stand paddock 21 2 0 Booth streets .. 288 2 0 \- 1,175 100 Trainers' and jockeys' register 12 0 blindly receipts . 214 10 Agistmtut . 00 10 Totalisator. 405 0 0 Bilanoo. 2,021 0 10 £0,510 13 7 TtoncnT B Dawbarn, Secretary C G C J GuiimiE, i.A,.,,|tor" John KFAM,fA'll"wr" Brisbane, January 11, 1881 The Duke of Manchester takes so keen an interest in colonial affairs that he is prepared probably to suffer some inconveniences in exploring this portion of her Majesty's dominions But our New Year's weather must have been something of a surprise to him. It is said " the burnt child shuns the fire," and a Duke that has once been reduced to a state of benefaction by an Australian hot wind is likely to be a little shy of Queensland midsummer in future 1 cm fancy his Grace leaving Mount Abundance on New Year's Day for no one who is not a Scotchman is allowed to remain under that hospitable roof on the anniversary of the great national festival and apostrophising this strange New Year much as Hamlet did the ghost of his murdered father Bring with thee airs from deliver or blasts from Bell, Thou course in such a questionable Blinks That I will speak to thee Or he goes in a bee-line due West to make further enquiry. On that Sunday when there could be no manner of question as to where the blasts came from, his Grace would be enjoying the cheery society of Dick Stewart at Mitchell Downs, and Dick I know would declare with a laugh that the day was a very ordinary one and the breeze positively refreshing. At the first meeting of the Colonial Institute after his Grace's return, I am afraid the worthy President will find a difficulty in reporting as favorably of our genial climate as a twelve months' acquaintance with it might have enabled him to do. -DNDymo.f. i 