training notes. Out correspondent at.Fiemington writes "I was on the training-ground &t; FlemingWm on Tuesday-morning,- which wsb very break, and boiaterous.with drivinsr rainstorm a. There were a good many hones working, bat nothing particular transpired. >Mr. Ctooke gave his Derby candidates some good strong work. ' Sevior sent Mercury, who begini to* ahotor a bit-of form, strong work for ^ miles 6h the tan track, Adele " hiin idi a pact of the journey, afterwards .went lor a round « track :■ the hand eome. son of 8no sound**and- well. Bdladi ' thickened a' deal of- lat« Chifnejr, who has Catoary form, .ibs aomg.aonw «IP rest of. ids. team, were or <Mug.-JelVstt's and Mr. ^i£etiwinihg«tbnid aitbie* quarierpsoe. went very well indeed. Blllilla and Sunbeam were doing useful exercise. Braithwaite was working CoriolanuB, Josephine, Sumiysides, and Royal Butterfly. Dollar's Bister was strid ing along at a good pace for once round. The ] two-year-old Hawk, by Maribymong, a very useful-looking colt, was working. Sullivan had |The Ghost, who has improved a good deal of late, and Outlaw; they were striding along. Gazelle, looking healthy, was doing long work. Mr. Selman'a horses were all down. Warlock and Whisper did strong I exercise on the taxi. Gorinne and Wizard Were cantering on the outer circle, as did his four two year olds. The New ZealanderB were working in clothing (Somnus. Sir Modred, and Idalinm), the former doing long work; he appears a bit big. Hilarious, who was very fresh, was walking. They all of them are looking healthy and well. Mr. Lang's homes were doing some long exer cise. At the invitation of Mr. H. Prince I went out to Flemington on Wednesday afternoon, and had a look at the New Zealand racehorses in their boxes, they being located at Sam Davis's Btables. Goodman, the trainer, Bhowed me through, commencing with Idalinm, a black horse, three years old, and engaged in the V.R.C. Derby; he is by Traducer from Idalia, by Cambuscan ont of Dnlcibella, by Vol tigeur; probably he scarcely shows so much Bubetance as his distinguished brother, Sir Modred, would at three years old, but he is stamped with plenty of the Voltigeur cha racter, and from his antecedents on the side of hiB dam he should be a first-class race horse. Somnns, a darkish-bay horse, three years old, and engaged in the V.R.C. Derby and Cup, iB alBo one of the Traducer family, from Hammock, by OreBt from Mother Neasham, by Buccaneer, her dam Little Hannah, by Lanercost; he has lots of sub stance, with quality, and is a good-shaped one, for a big one, and if he is not a racehorse of high order, he belies his good looks. Sir Modred was the next interviewed. He is a bay horse, four years old, engaged in the Melbourne Cup, and full brother to Idalium. He is the beau ideal of a racehorse, with plenty of size, and a most bloodlike head and neck Bet into fine oblique shoulders, short back, with great propelling power, and hard wiry-looking legs that bear the appearance of standing any amount of bard work. Hilarious is by Goldsbrongh. and was bred in the Tocal stud, New South Wales. He does not impress one on first sight, bat he will bear inspection. He is a horse with plenty of length, and shows a good bit of the Fisherman type, which he obtains from the side of hiB dam. All the homes were looking bright and healthy, and did not appear as though recently landed from a sea trip, and are in rare form to commence their preparation. I was on the training ground again at Flemington early on Thursday morning, and there was some useful exercise done. Morrison'B team were only going slowly. Sevior gave Mercury strong exercise on the tan track. Adele and the rest of his team were on the tracks. Sir Modred, Idalinm, and Somnns, in clothing, cantered, and then moved along sharply for a couple or three furlongs, ana tbey did some nice work in the afternoon. Chifney sent Canary for Borne strong exercise; after cantering a round on the outer track, he Btrode along another one at a good three-quarter pace, in company j with Harp of Erin; he appeared to go strong j and well. Mr. Crook Bent Nautilus, Decla mation, My Lord, and Rooftree, his four Derby candidates, for some good striding work twice round the Band gallop. I thought Nautilus shaped well and looked welL Mr. Dakin gave Darebin, in company with Ter rible Billy, some good extended work, the Derby colt going strong and well, and he lookB very healthy. BilliUa was doing some striding exercise alone, and Sunbeam went slowly. Jellett was giving Bosworth Borne nice opening work; this horse is doing mid goes well. President, The Nat, Postmaster, and the two-year-old Hercules colt were treated to good exercise. Braithwaite had Davis's horses, Coriolanns, Josephine, Sunny sides, Royal Butterfly, Lanercost, and the Novel Connexion colt, and they were all doing nice work. Horley's, Henderson's, Cook's, M'Kenna'a, Sullivan's, and Mahon's teams were exercising.' Moran was down with Hieroglyph and Gazelle, and they did long, naif - pace work. Chatterer, who has been Buffering from an attack of influenza, was cantering, after being absent for a few days. The two-year-old Prince George has also had a slight attack, but win soon be all right again. Mr. Selman had his two year olds. Whitethorn, lloederer, Bessie Clifden, and Victress, and tbey cantered and trotted in company with Corinne and Wizard. Whisper strode along for good sound work twice round the onter track. Pollio and Hie Derby colt Commotion did strong work for a couple of rounds on the sand. Pell Mdl did steady exercise. The improvement to the training track at the west corner of the ground is completed, and will be fonnd a peat acquisition, as it is now double the width; the outer gallop has had a coating of tan pnt upon it where needed, which improves the going. 