WESLEYAN GENERAL CON FERENCE. KtEVXHTH VkT— MOKBVT. M*T 23. UUUjQAlUTIOH OF CSILDRES'b XXO ISUCA.TIOX FUMDS. The Eev. H. T. Ecaakss, who had moved tbe adjournment of tbe debate, waived his right of spttcb, and iroveJ ttat the question be now put. This was carried by a two-thirds vote. Mr. ucicsmiiK a amendment, to defer the maiter for three je&rs;, wat put and lost. Mr. Stephftisou's amendment, to the effect that the Conftrecoe resolves to do all in its power to maintain the efficiency of the Eda caticu Fund, w&s; also negatived. Mr. Fitchett's series of resolutions was then submitted. The preamble was adopted by a Isr^e majority. Tha Erst resolution, with some sliaht lioaification, was carried by a large majority, and the second was withdrawn. The ellect of this is to abolish the Education Fnnd as a separate organization. The further arrangements cectssiuted by this change are left io tbe several Ancnal Conferences, A committee, consisting of tbe Ilevs. W. P. Wellr, G. Woolnongh, and W. H. Fitchett,with the Gtoeral Treasurer of the Education and che Children's Funds, was to collect and examine tbe resolutions passed with reference to those funds, so us to bring them into harmony with the present regulation*. The Eev. W. A. Qcick gave a notice of motion with reference to the payment of certain ex penses that had been incurred. CHURCH MEMBERSHIP. Tne Prbsidebt said the.sobject on which the Conference was about to enter wu one of special importance. He trusted they would approach it with the respect it deserved, and he prayed that tbey wonld have divine guidance. gXhe recommendations of tha Annual Con ference wete read, and also the motion of which notice bad been given by tbe Hon. J. Oarr. The Bev. W. Morlkt moved the adoption of the motion of the New Zealand Conference, which was— 'That commnnicanto be regarded as Cnuich members, and placed under the dis cipline of the leaders' meeting.' He said that they had discntsed the question for a long time at the last General Conference, bat the ex perience of the intervening three years had not been satisfactory, and it was clearer than ever that some alteration was required. About a thousand communicants had been enrolled in New Zealand, bat many refused to accept the relation. At present they ss a Ohurch said that all members most meet in class, bat large oambers did not at all regularly, and there were some who only did so to retain their qualification for office. He regarded it as somewhat immoral to maintain such inconsistency, and it would be far better to revise the rule. At present, also, tbey admitted large numbers to the Lord's table wbo were neither meeting in class nor enrolled as communicants. These, if not members of tbe Methodist Church, were not of any, and therein lay a serious error. One reason of tbe indisposition of the British Con ference to deal with the question traa its asso ciation with Ohurch finances. A large propor tion of their Church income was derived from tbe classes' moneys, but he thought they need not pro ve a permanent obs t acle, for a change in finance wag going on. In American Methodism com pulsory attendance at class did not prevail, and some able writer on the subject there marvelled that eo rudimentary a condition of things as existed in British Methodism was prolonged. They ell admitted the ability aud intense energy tf tbe British ministers, the material prosperity to be seen on all eidee, and yet they did not increase in their Churc2i]memberahip, which was itself a proof that something was radically defective. Tbe difficulty wan not new, bnt had existed from the very beginning. Mr. Wesley himself complain&d; that people would not meet, and be purged the classes again and agairj, bnt he never thought he was nncharcbing his people by bo doing. They could not say that now, for if their adherents -were excluded from the Wealeyan Chnrch they could not belong to any Church at all. Tha Church did not exist for the sake of discipline, bnt discipline for the sake of the Church. He believed that super vision might be maintained, and that friends wbo wished for recognition would be glad to come in. The Eev. J. B. Stephehsos seconded. The Hon. J, Caur said the effect of this motion -would be to substitute the class roll for dirtct meeting in class, and supply the means for perscnal intercourse with the minister in cases wbere special treatment was required. He opposed the New .Zealand motion because a similar system had been tried for hundreds of years by the Church cf England and had failed. A denominational basis onght not to be founded in the institution of the Lord's Sapper. Every Christian man should De invited to that ordinance, and they would be wrang to make it a condition that he is a Metbodiit, bat it should be wide enough to welcome all. Spiritual barrenness was ths natural result of looseness in the Communion and the absence of fellowship. The new bond of union suggested at the last General Conference had not succeeded, and they must in any future legislation put all on a common level. If the New Zealand proposal was accepted tbe Cburcb'roll must be jj aban doned. Mr. Ba&bett; said the question involved the most vital and spiritual part of their Charch work snd their future Ohurch prosperity. He was .thoroughly conservative, and wished to maintain the class-meeting test in its integrity. The fault was not in the institution itself, but in the non-application of disciplinary rales, especially in tbe case of officials who did not meet in class. Mr. F. W. HotDHH moved an amendment— 'That this Conference, recognising fellowship as one of the important privileges for the secur ing of which the Methodist Charch exists, declines to again discuss the advisability of doing away with meeting in class as a test of membership, and earnestly entreats our ministers and people to maintain full loyalty to class meetings as a most valuable and scriptural means of grace.' He felt the spiritual aspect of this question to be of profound importance, and as a class-leader that it was his dnty to oppose any weakening of the institution. Most hearty approval of it had been expressed by observers from other Churches. The constant agitation on this subject hsd weakened the allegiance of many, and young people in the Sunday-schools were thereby influenced to their injury. Macy members of the Church were held by their sense of obligation, and if tbe matter were left optional they would drift away. Tbe Bev. J. Cope seconded. Mr. Bbigos enquired whether, as the General Conference hsd no power to revoke the rules of the Society, it had power to adopt tbe motion of Mr. Morley. The PaBHrDETT declined to rale on tbe sub ject. After some remarks by the Bev. F. E. Stephenson and Mr. Da vies the Phesibbiti again addressed the Conference. He gave an exposition ef his views of the legal and eccle siastical espect of the question. The term used in the Deed-poll and the Imperial Act were the 'people called Methodists,' and 'United Societies,' and the term Church waa not de nned. If the motion was intended to do away with the Society, to disband the Society, be would not put it from tbe chair. By doing so be wonld hold bimsnlf unfaithful to God and unworthy to be called a Methodist preacher, and he hoped the reporters would take note of his words. Their standards spoke of the people called Methedisto, who were members of tbe Society. Tbe proposers of the resolution should say what they meant by the term ' Church,' and put it so that the Society was not interfered with. The Eev. H. T. Bubgbsb moved—' That the President be respectfully requested to reduce his exceedingly important deliverance to writ ing.' This would be far better than trusting to its reproduction by the reporters. The motion was seconded, but the President declined to accede to the request. After seme farther desultory conversation on the subject, the Kev. J. Watsfobd supported Mr. Holder's amendment. Tbe diseussioa at the last Conference was harmful, and nothing fruh was subsequently elicited. The Eev. W. H. FncHETT was stroBgly opposed to tha amendment. They would stultify themselves by refusing to discuss tbe question. After ten yt&rs; of hard and honest toil their membership hsd decreased 1 per cent, while the pepuiation cf the colonies, had in creased 40 j'tr cent, and the adherents oi the Cfcurch S3 per cent. It wss inconsistent of Hr. Holder u- deny discussion, and then to p rcceed -with the very thing. The fact of reduced membership rendered the policy ot shutting their eyes and going on unworthy of them. The Eev. G. Woouocgh spoke of fel lowship as essential. The Key. W. P. WKiiS said they could not retreat from the position taken up at tbe last General Conference, and as tbey weze not prepared to advance be would zrove when he had the opportunity that tbe resolution agreed Io three years ago bs re &£iriaed and re-pritted. Mr. Eoldek withdrew his amendment, and Mr. Wfixs, therefore, moved, pursuant to bis cctice, the resolution which decl&red; that tbe clatst me eting is a test oi Church membership it the Wesleyan Church. Mr. Ci.MFi'Zii. said their object waa to main tain atd promote tpiritcal life. If persons had strccg snd coEscientisaa objections to the class meetings they ought to be expansive enough to receive thtni. They admitted the goodnes* of etich persons, and ytt they hindered their pro gress. One objection was the mixing-up of finance with this work, and many were hindered on that sccoaEt. To compel ptople to rtmaia who otherwise woald escape waa a low acd un worthy argument. They seemed to have no faith iu the power of God outside tha lines laid down. They should tback Him for tbe progress, tbe deepened religious feelisg thit prevailed, and have faith in the future. Mr. JtiiES Scon appreciated the caution with which the subject was approached. No can valued the class meetings more thsu him self, bnt thst was not the question. The point was ebould it bs retai&id; ss a tent cf member ship or as a means of grace. It was eaUhlished by Mr. ff enlef m a ref age for earnest soul* within the Oharch, bat they wen now to regard themselves as a Chxutian Church. They need bare no fear of losing members, bat at prewnt one who had been absent from elm felt as if he might jo»t as well shuffle off his profession altogether, which waa a deeply Injurious malt Mr. Buoos said it was danseroos to inter icns »iui wou naa oeen toe pride ana glory of tbe Ohurch to long. He heard a great deal about opening doors, but ihtirs was a tertifjing Church, and he boped it woald retain thtt character Mr Hak referred to his own great enjoyment of the inttitution in question, and thought they shoold bold rut to what they had received from their fortfatfcen. The Eev. O. Vaxikl belieTOd an error bad been committed in representing this arrangement as arbitrary. It was deviled ta meet a real want, and was necessary for the main tenance of discipline. Tbe lUv. J. Bickmhd followed on the same side. The Her. W. A Quick reminded the Conference that the pro longed discussion of the subject teeulted from the non-increase of their membership. If, u H1*'^ by ',ach etBtUti« w »ere available, they bad received 17,652 persons within throe jears it was evident that the class meetlan did »ot conserve their membership as it ought, and they oaght to fairly face the fact. It was ap parently easy to put large numbers into their cUasts; but the difficulty tu to keep them there. It wu never intended by their founder that this should be a teat of membership in the Charch of God. His honest conviction wu that tbe class meeting would be cherished most carefully, even did it come to be a teat of membership; but be advocated caution iu making any change. Mr. Vasbt thought those for whom fresh legislation was desired were bat few, and mostly brought up in other Churches The Rtv. W. L. Buotims reguded the d«ts meeting as the germ-cell out of which the whole constitution of Methodism was developed and it ought not to be impaired. Miniiten had to put np with disabilities when accepting the office, and tbe communicants might put up with the only disability, which was that they could not bold office. Hr. Hick held that those who coogbt to make certain changes thereby evinced loyalty to the eante of Methodism, and sought to make it what it ought to be. The Kev. J. 'Watsfobd enumerated fevers! kinds of persons who wanted the chtnge wo posed. Some had not been trained io Method urn, and never believed in the class.'meeting. Others bad loet their spirituality, and others had changed their views. Much of the agitation on the subject wu directly due to neglect of dis- ? cipline. A moat important point wu that -to carry the motion would break .up the mission work, where all the members were rigidly required to meet in elass. Mr. Wells'* amendment was then pnt, and the voting was 50 for and 13 against it On its being pat u a aabstantire motion the ' Bev. J. B. Btbphbxsox moved u an amendment —'That the class-book shall be the roll of the Church, and that so name be struck off tbe roll for neglect of attendance at class.' A somewhai animated scene occurred at this point, the Presi dent for some time refusing to receive the amendment unless it were previously submitted in writing. Mr. Stbfhbxsom said be desired to eater a protest against some of tbe arguments that had been employed. Those wbo sought same modi fication in their system were supremely loyal to Methodism, and especially to its great principlo of always following the leadings of Providence. He objected to the statement that person* who left eff meeting in class had lost their spirituality. Tbe Kev. W. MoBtiT replied on the general question. Be thocgbt, u the resolution of tbe last General Conference had failed to saeh aa extent, something more wu required. He. be lieved in the communion of saints and in Chris tian fellowship. It wu folly to denounce Inno vations, for the whole history of Methodism bad been one of Innovation. He believed in tbe Holv Ghost, his presence there, and his wcrk in that Church, bat he could not pray for divine guidance if he did net speak ont all that was in hit heart. Mr. Stepbenson's amendment wu negatived, and the substantive motion, moved by Mr Wells, carried by a large majority. The Eev. W. H. Fitchbtt moved that the following be a committee to prepare counsels and suggestions for class leaders, and to report on Thursday morning, viz.:— Revs. W. Olarke, 8\. Knight, K. I. Watkin.and W. Marley, Hesars. Baddenbury, Hitchcock, Scott, and Davies. The Bev. J. Kicholsok moved the series of motions of which the Hon. J. Oarr had given notice, that gentleman being absent, bat the Pbbsidjhit ruled them oat of order, as being contrary to tbe principles that had been affirmed. BRITISH COSFEBEHCH A.THD -ECTTMBXICA.I- COKORSSS. The Bev. J. Wataford and Mr. B. G. King were appointed representatives to the British Conference. A letter wu read from Dr. Gervaie Smith, conveying certain resolutions passed by tbe British Conference, which were received' and ordered to be printed in tbe minutes. Keporta were received from tbe Annual Con ference and the appointment of representatives to the Methodist (Ecumenical Congress. The Secretary read a letter from tbe Rev. J. Boad, stating that tbe Auttraluisn Conference was authorized to send sixteen representatives. As only tbe Victorian Conference had elected Its full quota several appointments were nutde, and tbe list u finally agreed upon is as follow* .— Bevs. J. 'W. Brown (New South Wales), J. Watsfcrd, J. D. Dodgson (Victoria), B. S. Guely, J. Bead (South Australia), and A. Beid (New Zealand), Measrs. Brlggs, P. P. Fletcher acd P. Miller (New Sooth. Wales), Brookes, King, Warnock, and Vuey (Victoria), and M. J. Ballantyne (New Zealand). The Bev. W. Batten, who resides in England, wu also appointed, and the President of the South Aus tralian Conference will appoint a lay representa tive should tbe opportunity occur. Tbe fievs. J. Wataford and M. ' Ballantyne were appointed members of the Executive Com mittee of the Congress. Hvavnto Ecssfqx. Tbe Secretary wu aoiuorized to communicate to the Bev. J. Bond tbe names of tbe delegates elected to the Oecumenical OjDgrcas. A letter from the Baptist Association of South Australia, with a copy of a resolution expressing heartfelt sympathy with tbe Conference in tl-e Tararoa, was received. It was rest lved that the letter be suitably acknowledged, and printed in the minutes. The consideration of the Supernumeraries Fond wu made an order of tbe day for Wednes day. FtBUC BBCOOMITIOll OP MEMBERS. The recommendation* of the various Annual Conferences were read. They were as follows :— New South Wales.— 'The committee ap pointed by tbe General Conference, after con sidering the forma used by the Canadian and Methodist XpiscopsJ Churches, is unable to recommend the adoption of such ; but instead thereof, that oar ministers sljm.ll, when giving the first ticket of membership, explain more fully the duties and privileges of Ohurch memtersbip.' Victoria.— u That the General Conference be a»ked to arrange a form for the -public reception of members into our Chtircb.' Bouth Australia.—' That a form of service for tbe pablic recognition of members, approxi mating in general that in use in the Methodist Episcopal Church of America, bo prepared and published in the book of offices.' ' New Zealand.— '1. That members of the Chnrch be publicly recognised at the adminis tration of the sacrament of the Lord's Supper next succeeding their having received a ticket. 2\. That the form nsed by the American Methodist Episcopal Ohurch be recommended for adoption.' Mr. Hitchcock moved that tbe minutes of the English Conference of 1878 be tbe deliverenoe of this Conference on tbe sub- -? ject of the pablic recognition of members. The Bev. J. B. Btephbwsox moved as an amendment that the recommendations of tbe South Australian Conference bo referred to a committee to consider and report on the form of tbe Methodist Episcopal Ohnrcb, to consist of tbe Bevs. J. H. Fletecer, W. P. Weils, B. Knight, and W. Morley. At a subsequent stage Messrs. Hitchcock, James, Holder, and Moxhsm were added. After a lengthy ditcuttfon the amendment W8S carried, and the committee was instructed to print its recommendations. ADHIEBIOH TO THB LOHB'S BTJPPSH. Becommendations from the Annual Conference were called for. Mr. Hitchcock moved the resolution of which he had given notice, to tbe effect that comma nicaata' tickets should be issued for each cele bration of the lord's Sapper, and duly collected, so as to fnroiih information as to the atten dance of members. _, Tbe Bev. G. Dahibl moved u an amendment '-. — ' Ibat the recommendation of the Victorian Conference be adopted.' This wu lost. Tha rnotion was negatived by a large majority. Mr, Osovca moved—' Ibat a rale that re quires commnnicaBta to receive and show sacra mental tickets be rescinded.' It waa resolved that the next order of tbe day be proceeded with, KsTieioff or Brass or Bocrror. Tbe New Bonth 'Wales Oonfetenoe bad re solved that no revision wu necessary. The Victorian and Sooth Australian Conference* bad not made any recommendation. The New Zealand Conference bad recommendoct-*1 That tbe Society rule* be revised by omitflng tbe particular* specified under each of the three clawes of tie evidence of the desire of salva tion. ' The Bev. W. Mohlbt moved that tfrs be adeptf d. A leagtby ciscu**ion fallowed ai.d tbo debttewM afSjoaroed r.t 9.10 p.m. Temtteikch 6(WFkhe»ce.— The annn&I; Oou ferjnee in connection with the fcrty-F.rst annl verciary of tbe temperance ciuse in Fk-uth Aus tralia « ill be bcld to-day ia tUo Temperiuioa DWJ, North Adelaide. 