Light aid Shade. BY ENDYMION. "If I chance to talk a little wild, forgive me."-HENNY VIII., act i., scene iv. I HAVE Lord Beeconsfield's permission to write myself "Endymion." My Lord makes no ex- elusive claim to the perquisites. Ho has received £10,000 for kit Endymion. It is enough for him -that his oopyright is not invaded. There waa an Endymion once, long ago, in the days et old, when it waa worth while to live, and there are Endymions now not quite Identical with that Endymion—but they May live. Lord B. has discovered ten thousand good reasons why his Endymion should live, and why should not I ? Hia Lordship, I may remark, ia in excellent health, sunning himself amidst the leafy reoesses of Hoghenden for the coming campaign in the Lords, and for tho anticipated " appeal to the country." Lord Carnarvon, never too fond of Diny, baa nevertheless bad an affecting recon ciliation with bis chief, and now onoe more stands first for the colonies if anything unexpected should happen to Gladstone and the Liberals. It really Menu as though a eofctttry when it« onoe well wound up wmM go a long time with out any special governing. Our Ministry have scattered abowi the globe, leaving the Minister for Works to boas the Treasury, the Lands Ofi&c;* and the Colonial Secretary's Department, and yet the wheels go round in the ordinary manner. It is pleasant to think that M'llwraith can go to England and Palmar and Perkins to Melbourue without any misgiving), knowing that at any awkward juncture Macronan could call into his oounseU Morehead aa4 Cooper. Morehead i» a bik headstrong, moA Cooper absolutely verdant as far ai potitios are concerned, yet I don't know any. two m«n more likely to smooth the wrinkles out of an anxious statesman's brow. I can f *ncy a Cabinet Council of these three : Maorossxn da kly anticipating some . horrid crisis ; Morehead full of combative eagerness to wrestle with it; and Pope advising both not to v bnst" themselves, as life i« too short 'o worry about trifle*. It would sever do to hate a Ministry composed exclusively of mtn of the stfme temperament. Of the thm eleetioM to come off, that of Toowootnba ( wtlfcj probably be the sharpest contest, although th^e fight for the Mitchell may •bo be a near thing. "It it pitiful to think how pulitios sometimes estrange the closest friend ship*. At the last ftnefU election Groom and Perkins were a «ort of Damon and Pytbhe— politically ireepatrable— bound to one another by closest tie* of interest, affection, and ambition. By this last defect fell the angels, so we need not be surprised that it was potent enough to disrupt the friendship of Groom and Perkins, The former seems to hold certain of the Downs electorate* as pocket boroughs, and, although he returned Perkina and Darenport little orer two years ago, he will put in a member this time whose political creed iced only comprise deter* ■riwd opposition to, the Ministry. I can't fancy Taylor would ha?e ci} show against Groom's nominee. The only two men I know who might run for Toowoomba oa their personal populanty, and independeot of political pro fessions, are Mason Mid M'Dowil, and neither of them is the least likely to come forward. With regard to the Mitchell I confess I am surprised that de Satge* should be running Rome. Although the former is a man of sense and a good speaker, he was always a source of weakness to his party. Unless he has been politically bora again he would now be an anachronism in the House. The pure merino politician—the squatter who claimed the country as the heritage of a dominant class—has passed out of date, and the representative of the new order has to admit that then are, besides the pastoral, other important interests and influ ential sections of the community which must be considered in the shaping of the oolony'a future. When de Satg4 was in the House, he, Wienholt, and one or two kindred spirits, used to form a compact little irreconcilable squatting faction. De Batg6 would now form a distinct party of one, with Hill and Stevenson possibly as the shades of opinion nearest to, but still rather distant from, his own. Thx week's contest between the Downs and Brisbane, which it ia hoped ii only the first of A long succession of similar anniversary seasons, has been so far a great sueoes*. It will do metro* politan .cricketers a lot of good to find that men from the country, whose opportunities of prac tice are 10 much less frequent, are able to do something more than hold their own in all de partments of the game. If ever we get a cricket ground in Brisbane on which it will be possible to play forward to a ball with some assurance of not stopping it with one'B nose, we should soon be a very good cricketing community, as there is abundance of young talent that cannot find proper development for want of a true wicket. The Duke of Manchester takes so keen an interest in colonial affairs that he is prepared probably to suffer some inconveniences in explor ing this portion of her Majesty's dominions. But our New Year's weather mußt have been some thing of a surprise to him. It is aaid " the burnt child shuns the fire," and a Duke that has once been reduced to a state of torrefaction by an Australian hot wind is likely to be a little Bby of Queensland midsummer in future. I can fancy his Grace leaving Mount Abundance on New Year's Day—for no one who is not a Scotchman is allowed to remain under that hospitable roof on the anniversary of tho jjreat national festival—and apostrophising this strange New Year much ub Hamlet did the ghost of his murdered Tutlior— Bring with thee aim from Heaven or blasts fr.Oni Hell, Thou cotn'nt in such a questionable •hape That I will speak to thee. Off he goes in a bee«Une due West to make further enquiry. On that Sunday when there could be no manner of question as to where the blasts came from, his Grace would be enjoying the cheery society of Dick Stewart at Mitchell Downs, ami Dick I know would declare with a laugh that the day was a very ordinary one and the breeie positively refreshing. At the drat meeting of the Colonial Institute after his Of ace's return, I am afraid the worthy Presi* dent will find a difficulty in reporting as favor ably of our genial climate as & twelve months' acquaintance with it night have enabled him to do. Wm&B; on the subject of hot winds, I may Inform those who jure strangers to the fact that this ia the special atmospheric condition that most fawn the refrigeration of liquids. On that dreadful Sunday, which Mr. Mao Donnell tella us was the hottest we have known for twenty yean, the supply of ice as a natter of course suddenly failed. An old resident of tndia was to dine with me, and when he arrived I blankly offered him the choice of a glass of lukewarm beer, or a brandy*and-soda at a gentle blood heat. After tasting the latter, he apologised for suggesting that there was no excuse for not having every* thing perfectly cold under such favorable eon* ditions. I told him ice was unobtainable, and he replied that with a hot wind blowing it Was entirely superfluous ; that with each bottle cased in t flannel jacket, kept wet, and put fat thft wind, the evaporation was so rapid a* to generate ooid to a surprising degree. Accordingly when the lady of the Irons* returned from church she found a tttftfe regiment of bottles on the verm* dab* the uniforms for which had necessitated Ike saorf&oe; of two of the children's dressing- gowns. I believe we were xme of very few houseMoMs in Brisbane on that terrific day who drink'ffaillly cold liquid* '•'.<; I jkcuh to think there fc e*Bße*aia*;r tangible fa the lYnts-oontinenUl Railway scheme alter all. Of oourse I am one of these very wlae people who have treated it m the mere devioe of intriguing poUtidana. But when a real Jive Duke start* to inspect the country, and U to be quickly followed by one of the ablest, Boat expe* nenced, and poat trusted railway engineer* in £he Southern Hemisphere, I begin to rub my incredu* lous «jr% Mr. Robert Wataon is a man of mom than colonial reputation, and the faot that be is abuut to proceed to the Oulf during the terrible rwiaj season, the bare mention of whioh searea even Southern bushmen, I oonfeas there mos^be faith, if not also enthusiasm, at the bottom of the project. Tbe engineer will, at.any rate, have an excellent opportunity of marking the flood levels, unless 1881 should prove an e&oeptional; year. He will be piloted by that fooomplia^ed bushtnan, tfr. Hano, so I don't aponfand danger. But t should, »ot be syrprjasflrt pc entire party find it wise to camp. a,fe% qaya, in the branches of,some friendly tree in U»eir through the very Far ' * t al*o6T begin to apprehend thajt the MmorouflLji and sensitive British capitalist hath baentouebeojM by our Railway Companies Act.' Otherwise I cannot amount for the almost atoVedtyped sen tence " Queensland debentures J per oent higher." The last quotation I rwotlgßt was 99} to 100; oar stock mast therefor* b« now at par. The new Railway Bill has probably in formed the London wgnotcenti —pardon my •laogy vnigato—that Queensland has an inex haustible supply of land, which the oobnista be lieve can be made a convertible article, and that if we do owe£6oa-h«adoar schedule wouldreveal a huge excess of assets. So as we get deeper iato debt our credit improves. Hurrah I Itwm « foregone conclusion that the great demonstration of sympathy with Parnoll that wm attempted in Sydney the other day would end in a JUueo. There are many in the colonies who sympathise with the Irish peasant, but there are very few who have any kindly feeliog towards the men who, while stirring up bis passions, have made no effort to restrain him from acts of cruel bar barity by moderate counsels and wholesome advice. I hope we shall be spared the folly of a similar meeting here. Parnell is, , I believe, actuated by a perfectly justifiable and honest deaire to better the condition of the wretched cottier class in Ireland, but ono cannot help thinking he might have insisted upon a "close season" for landlords while the buaiuess was under discussion. Had he done so we Bhould hardly have heard of such notices as are posted up in some of the shop windows in Cork :— " Smooth-bore guns for farmers, 12s. 6d. each." Putting justice and humanity out of the ques tion, it is well to interfere in favor of a species threatened with extinction, and the landlord season should be more restricted than from January Ist to December Slst. A friend gives me the f jllowing bit as illustra ting the difference betweeu precept aud exumple in the case of local sympathiser* with an oppressed tenantry. Enthusiastic Admirer of Parnell : " And quite right, too, air, quite right ! Why, sir, it's perfectly heartrending to read about the manner in which the tyrant* of landlords send their myrmidons to turn -the helpless and the widow out of their little farms. Out into the road, sir ; oat in the driving rain and bitter mow ! I don't wonder, air, at their occasional violence; 1 am a patient man myself, but Kb, what's this ? (to little boy who has entered taivelliug, and with a dirty note in his band). What'a this : Your mother behind again ? (After whispered conver sation) Tell her, if she hasn't got it ready for me next Monday, out El.c goes t It's perfectly sickening. I have a little house property, and the income from it is what mppoita me, but you cannot really conceive ■wbm trouble I have to get it in. These people eeem to forget that I have got liillu to pay also, and that I must live, too. 1 Mother hard up,' the liule rascal says. Hard up, be haDged I All a Bel of humbugs, sir, and, I'd be ruined if I listened to them !" 