The advertiser WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1881. PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. TUESDAY, JANUARY 4. In the Legislative Council—<*> The proclamation calling Parliament together for a special session was read. His Excellency arrived about five minutes past 2 o'clock, and the members of the Lower House having been ■nmmoned he retd the open ing speMlL. A committee «u appointed to prepare a draft addreM in reply; the report to be brongfat op 'on Wednesday. The OaaatSl adjourned at 2.29 p.m. tiU next day at 2 o'clock. In the Douse of Assembly— The Glebk read die pitrHajnatMW ng memben together for a •pecial session. | The House, in accordance with a anmmons fromHis Excellency the Governer, attended in the Legislative Ootmcil to listen toHisExsel- The Curb? on toe retain of boo. memben to tbeir own chamber, reported that a vacancy bad occurred in the office of Speaker, through the death of the late Bir George 8. Kingston. The Hon. J. Coltoh moved that Mr. B. D. Boss, member for Wallaroo, should be elected to : the position of Speaker. This was wwmded by the Hon. L. Glybe, and carried. Mr. Boss then took the chair, and received the congratulatioas of the House, after which he was presented to His Excellency the Governor. A number of questions were asked and ans wered. A committee was appointed to prepare a draft sddrees in reply to His Exceliencj'« opening speech. The draft address was brought up, iU adoption m moved by Mr. Fowi.bb, and seconded by Mr. Peacock, end the debate was adjourned till next day. The House at 6.15 p.m. adjourned till next The special session of Parliament has opened very quietly, though of course there may be some lively passages of arms be tween the Ministry and the Opposition. The weather, however, is becoming very warm, and this fact will have, in all proba bility, a most potent effect in preventing any undue prolongation of the debates up an the matters which the two Houses are specially asked to discuss. In the Assembly the proceedings acquired particular interest from the fact that owing to the lamented death of Sir George Kingston it became necessary to appoint a new Speaker, and the unanimous election of Mr. Bass to that office is a proof that he has the respect and support of his fellow members as president over their delibera tions. Without indulging in what Mr. Trollope regarded as the vice of " blow," we may fairly say that the proceedings of the South Australian Parliament have boen generally marked by great decorum, and this has been largely owing to the firmness of the late Speaker and the vast knowledge of parliamentary practice he undoubtedly possessed. Mr. Boss has had some years' experience in the Legislature, and wields great personal influence, arising from the esteem in which he is held and his possession of those qualities that conciliate and promote gosd feeling. It would be difficult to over estimate the importance of the position to which Mr. Ross has been called or its great responsibilities. The speed and order with which the business of the people's representatives is discharged must depend very largely upon the tact, ability, and readiness of the Speaker. It is eminently desirable too that he should be a man who is not only held in regard by members of Parliament but is respected by the citizens generally, and this object is attained by the appointment of Mr. Boss. The session will most likely be a brief one, but it may fairly be expected that the cew Speaker will be reappointed by the Parliament that will be elected a few months hence. The business of the present session is wisely confined by the Government to the confirma tion of the agreement entered into by our delegates and those of New South Wales with regard to the trade between that colony and South Australia, and the earn we are to pay in lieu of the duties that would otherwise be imposed upon goods we send up the Murray or across the border in any other direction. The terms of the convention are familiar to all business men, and everybody who takes interest in such matters. The increased duties are on luxuries—on sparkling wines aad spirits— and the protective duty on leaf tobacco is reduced by threepence. Granting, however, that tobacco, though not a necessary of life, is an article consumed by the poorest classes, it is nevertheless certain that the alteration of the tax on that commodity will not affect the consumer. The price of tobacco must be regulated by the cost of what is imported, and that is ruled by the duty upon it As wa have observed on previous occasions, the tobacco manu ; f acturers of this city are by the convention placed en the same footing as those of New South Wales and Victoria, and have no : just cause of complaint. Mr. Fowler's exhaustive and masterly speech completely demolished the case set up by the protectionists against the alters* tion in the tobacco duty, and showed that their leading champions were utterly wrong in fact and inference. The cry about the employes engaged in the tobacco wiMmfftC turing industry tunning any risk of losing their occupation is sheer rubbish. As Mr. Fowler points out they have a protective duty of 100 per cent., and no disinterested person can fail to agree with him that if such an amount of protection will not keep an industry alive the sooner it perishes the better. Even admitting for the sake of argument that one or two hundred persons may be injuriously affected .by the fiscal changes Parliament is now ' asked to confirm, there are the interests of the colony as a whole to be considered, and in a question affecting the whole comma ; city it is not reasonable that the will of an insurnificant faction should prevail. There is also the subject of an intercolonial unian to be taken into account. If we desire to secure the advantages cf free trade between these provinces we must not let paltry. local con siderations stand in the way of the attain ment of such an object. There are people who sneer at the Biverina trade, but it is scarcely rational to give up all the benefits South Australia derives from possessing the outlet to the grea river communication of this continent Our policy with regard to the other colonies should not be one of isolation, but ire should do the utmost to stimulate commercial deal ings between this and the neighboring Australian provinces, knowing that the re sources of each will be best developed by free trade between aIL The Governor's opening speech related simply to the inter colonial conference, and necessarily the address in reply is confined to the same sub* ject. What line the Opposition, such as there is, will take on the matter it is not easy to say, but probably there will be some virtuous indignation against the Treasurer, onaccountof hishavingcollectedduties with out the sanction of Parliament. His simple answer to this will be, we presume, that tbe Government have convened Parliament with as little delay as possible to ratify what has been done as a consequence of the contract entered into by the Treasurer and Mr. Fowler with Sir Henry Parkes. "It takes money," says one of Mr. Farjeon's characters. "Happily it costs money to get into the English Parliament. Happily, I eay, for democracy has not a large banking account.'' And yet the pre sent British Parliament is more democratic than any which has assembled since 1832, and the money 6pent in securing or in trying to secure a seat in it has been un precedented in the annals of electioneering. One million pounds sterling has hitherto been considered as a fair estimate of the cost of contesting C5O seats with probably over 1,000 candidates, but the general election of 1880 'J& likely to be memorable as one which has cost not less, probably more than, two million pounds. This huge sum has come partly from the pockets of candidates and their local supporters, and partly from central funds etored up at the Carlton and Reform Clubs, to which mem bers of the Upper House, themselves hap pily free from the turmoil and expense of contesting their seats, have been generous subscribers. The modes in which these vast sums have been spent are now under the investigation of commissioners, and though they have cot finished their investi gations nor given in their reports, enough has already been revealed to disclose a widespread system of bribery andcorrup" tion, and to rebuke any pharisaic spirit in the minds of a complaisant British public which {might lead them to thank God that in the matter of the pure exercise of the franchise they are any better than their neighbors. After the general election forty-three seats were challenged, and on investigation nineteen members were unseated. The judges who tried these election petitions reported exten sire corrupt practices in at least eight of these constituencies, four of them being cathedral towns, and only one of them being a populous place of any commercial importance. Not that these constituencies which are now on trial are sinners above all others who have the privilege of sending representatives to Westminster, for it is their misfortune as much as their fault that they are brought forward as the specimens of widespread corruption rather than as the sad examples of exceptional moral de pravity. Of the seventeen election petitions which were withdrawn, there have been several instances in which compacts quit* as immoral as bribery have been made, and in which neither party felt in clined to stir up a mess, and to disclose the fact that there was not the shadow of a Ehade of difference between the delin quencies of the one side and the other. Of the eleven petitions which were dismissed there were several in which the evidence -was just insufficient and that was all, while among the nineteen cases in which members were uueeated there were several instances is which the counsel were stopped when they had presented evidence sufficient to establish their case, leaving a large body of damnatory facts undisclosed. No doubt there is a sense in which the Attorney- General in proposing the appointment of these commissions was correct in saying that corrupt practices are on the decrease in British constituencies. The open bribery, the unlicensed liberty, the un disguised trickery which were per mitted and encouraged fifty years ago would never be tolerated in these days, when, thanks to the march of education, manners, habits, and modes of action, hare undergone a vast change; but still elections are far from pure, and the results of the commissioHfl' investigation do not help to establish the thesis of Sir Henry James. The whole proceedings, so far as they have advanced, show that as elections are at present conducted wealthy men have every advantage; that so far as many constL tuencies are concerned, the desideratum of a deep purse is an indispensable condition of successful wooing, and so far as the candi date is concerned, they are the most eligible who keep their eyes and ears shut to the doings of their agents, and "draw their cheques like men." It is very evident that the commissioners now engaged are determined to make a thorough investigation. They have the power to compel the attendance of wit nesses, and to protect those who tell the whole truth; they have the power also to deal sharply with any witnesses whom they sus pect of prevarication or temporising1; and already in one instance at Chester the president Jvery significantly told a reticent solicitor that "the commissioners might decline to give him any further chance of making a clean breast of it, and recommend him to the Attorney-General for prosecu tion." It would be an endless as well as a useless task to particularise the evidence given before the various commissions; suffice it to say that despite the Corrupt Prac tices Bill of 1654 and the Ballot Act of 1872 a state of things is shown to exbt at present which must be speedily checked, if it can not altogether be changed. Generally speaking it may be said that while persona tion has almost ceased and intimidation has greatly lessened, bribery in the disguised and dilated forms of charitable gifts and colourable employment of voters, and also in the franker and almost openly avowed shape of money payments has been alarm ingly prevalent. It has always been claimed by the advocates of the ballot that its intro duction would prevent the undue influence of territorial magnates in counties, and of arge employers of labor in some burghs, and the anticipation has proved so far correct that we bear little about intimida tion in the present investigation. Lord Derby used to say that if he knew the names of the landlords in county he could tell the politics of its member, the inference being that the farmers and tradesmen depending on them did not dare to vote according to their own predilection. Russell, the genial editor of the Scotsman, used to tell a story of a feudal voter in a Scotch county, who after the passing of the Ballot Act complaining!* said to his landlord, who was also his Parliamentary representative— "Afere everybody ken't that I voted for your lord ship, but noo the worst o't is that if I gang to die poll folks might think I was voting according to my conscience;" and certainly the results of these enquiries show that however much conscience might bedis" regarded by unwilling voters in former times, territorial terrorism has not been a perceptible factor in influencing the voting at last general election, at least in these in culpated constituencies. At tka 6ame time every sitting of these commissions, which have been simultaneously held in the different towns from day to day for more than a month, discloses fresh proof that money has been abundantly used to corrupt and influence the voters. The revelations, of Jonathan White, alias "the man in the moon," in Chester, quite prepare us for the '•There never was a pure election in Chester, Sir"—which was the naive con fession of the hon. secretary of the Chester Conservative Association. The mysterious Matthews, alias "Pegler," at Oxford, and the letter of the Chicele Professor of History, make us acquainted with the interesting fact that a £3,000 guarantee is found to be an absolute prerequisite for commencing a contest in that academic town, which has ouly about G,OOO voter i At Satdwich 700 voters, or one-third of the whole constituency, are eaid to be ready to testify that they received small sums of money for their votes; of Macclesfield the chairman of the Conservative Association frankly says that he believed that altogether 4,000 could be bribed out of 0,000 on the roll; while to crown all the Gloucester Cathedral authorities admit that they spent £400 of the cathedral funds—funds given for the education and support of the poor—in election bribery. The forms which this bribery has assumed are mani fold. The commonest has been to employ voters as messengers, flag bearers, &c.; # and to give them preposterous wages for doing needless work, it being a condition that their vote was safe. Another way was to nurse a constituency and keep bribing it with gifts; a third, to hire public-houses and convert them into dangerous centres of direct bribery and treating; and a fourth which is at once the simplest and most pre valent, to give a money reward for the vote either before or after it was recorded. Even thus, however, the secrecy of the ballot has interfered with the certainty of results, and given encouragment and protection to a class who, unlike Mr. Winkle, have "a natural taste for perjury." Several astute possessors of the franchise have taken money from both sides and voted neither knew how. One ingenious Mr. Adams at Sandwich " took three pounds from one of his sons to vote for Sir Julian, and four pounds from another son to vote for Mr. Roberts," but it is interesting to have his further assurance that this questionable policy will not embitter his family relation ships—Mr. Adamseays "his sons have far too much respect for 'their father for that." The whole story of these elections ifl aad and significant, and a drastic remedy must speedily be applied. Mr. Watlrin Williams bad a Bill last session which will probably be the basis of future legislation. Since Farliamentclosed he himself has been raised to the bench in succession to his father in-law, but his mantle will doubtless drop on other shoulders. That Bill pro posed to prohibit paid canvassers, and to make elections void by reason of such pay ments when proved. It proposed also to require every candidate to publish the names of his agents, so that no excessive zeal on the part of another, whether in diecreet friend or disguised foe, should imperil the election of an honest candi date; it proposed also to shut public-; houses, at least during the hours of polling —and the revelations of these commissions show how much mischief the open use of drinking shops has caused; and it pro posed, moreover, to throw the expenses of tiie election above a definite sum on the constituencies themselves, which would give them a direct interest in the candidates who studied economy. Besides this there must be a revisal of the constituencies. It is noteworthy that seven out of the eight places now on trial existed as con stituencies prior to the passing of the Reform Bill of 1832, and seem to have re tained tiie savor of their old corrupthn; it is further noteworthy that none of them have constituencies numbering more than 7,000, though all of them, save one, return two members each. Above all, bribery must be punished by being made a criminal offence. As the receiver is worse than the thief, so the briber is worse than the bribee, and the House of Commons will never show that it is really in earnest in putting down the evil till it makes agent and candidate alike punishable for proved bribery, and till that punishment is made both severe and degrading. As the law is at present ] administered it is next door to a deal letter. The fourth session of the ninth Parlia ment, convened far the special purpose of giving effect to the border convention recently entered into by this colony with New South Wa'es, was opened by His Excellency the Governor on Tuesday afternoon. January 4. At 2 o'clock the meeting of both Houses took place in accordance with proclamation, and con sidering the unusual period at which the session was held, there was a large attendance «f mem-' ben. Shortly after 2 o'clock His Excellency the Governor, who was accompanied by Colonel Downcs, Major gergwson, and Mr. J. Jermis ( private secretary),arrived at Parliament House, and was saluted by agoard of honor, conristing of about fifty volunteers, under Captain Wright, dram up in front of the building. His Ex cellency proceeded to the Legislative Coun cil Chamber, where, the members of the Lower House having been summoned, the open ing address was read. The speech, whioh was a brief one, gave an explanation of the various resolutions agreed to at the recent Intercolonial Conference, and explained that the object of calling Parliament together was to obtain the necessary legislative sanction for the in created duties on various articles, imposed by the Government in accordance with the con vention entered into with New South Wales. The terms on which the convention bad been ar ranged were referred to as fair and equitable. After the delivery of the speech the only busi ness done in the Council was the election of a committee to draw up a reply to His Excel lency's address. Ic the Lower House, however, the sitting lasted till after 5 o'clock. The first business brought before members was the elec tion of a Speaker in place of the late lamented Sir George Kingston, whose death caused a vacancy in that office. Mr. B. D. Boss, one of the members for Wallaroo, was the choice of the House, and on the motion of the Hon. J. Cotton, seconded by the Hon. L. Glyie, was unanimously elected to the Speaker's chair. His high qualifications for the office were feel ingly alluded to by representatives of both sides of the House, and Mr. Boss made a suit able reply, in which he referred to the peculiar difficulties by which he was surrounded in suc ceeding so able a Speaker as Sir George King ston. The valuable services rendered by the deceased gentleman to the colony, and specially the excellent tone whicn he gave to parliamen tary deliberations in this colony by his tac', impartiality, and dignity as Speaker, were also made the subject of comment by the Treasurer and other members. Ancnrding to the usual form the Speaker-elect was presented to His Exoeileuey the Governor, who was pleased to approve of the choice of the House. After this a number of questions were asked of the Government and answered, several pe titions were presented against the re cent increases of the duties on wines, spirits, eud tobacco; and the draft address in reply to His Excelleneyvspeech was brought up, its adop tion being moved by Mr. Fowler (one of the dele gates at the recent conference), and seconded by Mr. Peacock. Both gentlemen spoke in support of this recent eosveution, and Mr. Fowler entered into a lengthy defence of the action taken by the Government in increasing the duties, also availing h""t?F of the opportunity to reply to the charge of personal interest in the action he took at the recent conference. The debate was adjourned after the two speeches, and will be resumed again to-day, when both Ho?seswill meat at the usual hour. It is not intended that the session shall last beyond the present week, as the representatives of South Australia will have to leave the city on Sunday next for the purpose of attending the adjourned conference at Sydney. The House of Assembly will be asked to sit late this evening. A private meeting of members of the House of Assembly was held at Parliament House on Tuesday morning, January 4, to decide on the election of s Speaker. There wa« a good atten dance. She Treasurer (Hon O. Mann) occupied theohair. The Hon.J.Colton proposed that Mr. B. D. Boss should take the position, and the motion was seconded by the Hon. l>. Glyde. Directly siterwards Mr. Darling moved, and Mr. Rtes seconded, that the Hon. Mr. Gljde should be the Speaker; but after a a little discussion Mr. &lyde; said he could not contest to stand fs* the position, and accord ingly the proposition was withdrawn. A motion by Mr. Sue that Mr. W. Townsend (QWnnn of Committees) should be elected a* *fr-r%mr wasnot seconded. Mr. Boss then left AnaM, and during his absenoe the motion iuhiagaver in carried nnasimoosly. The bon.ge?lleaMa was called in and informed of thedeiastea ef member*, and be cordially thanked tbem for tbe - honor they had done him. The cricket match between the Austra lian Bleren and a combined team of Victoria* and New South Wales crieketen was ramdaapt on Tuesday, and resulted in a runaway wctaty for the Australian Eleven, who won the Match with 176 ran* to spare. The combined team made a very poor show in the second ianiagt, D.Gregory being the only man who could with stand the bowling of Bpofforth and Palmer, mat the innings closed for the small score of IS. Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co. have received a telegram from the directors of the P.fcO. Company, announcing that arrangements bomb been made for their steamers to leave **4«ifltt on Fridays instead of Sundays. Tne new time table will oatne into operation with the depar ture of the steamer Cathay, which will team Adelaide on the 81st of January instead of «te 23rd, as advertised. It will be remembered that during tie last session of Parliameut a vote of money ma agreed to for the purpose of obtaining tbe aer vueeofaprofeaaorof agriculture for tbucloey. The subject was mentioned in the House of As sembly on Tuesday, M,. Basedow •doag tb? •""STi?!**" "? ••?? bad beeaWbaa for tin appointment of a professor. TbeOoav missioner of Orown Lands replied «j-$ the Agent-General bad been instructed by letter to advertise Car applications f or the position. The case or Mr. G. A. Fesenmeyex, the Assistant Anditor-Gsneral, was aUaaaito in tfasHooseol Assembly on Toesdaj. Mr. Bar said be understood that file comiiiiaftiaiaf enquiry into the charges made sgalsst Me Feaenmeyer far breaoh of tbe regulatiowslwd bean brought np. and diet it was fmssUula thatoffioer. If this was the case lie wassfaaaclr of opinion that tbe Government ahooU take ac&masaoon; as possible in the matter. She Treasurer in reply said the report of the cewi missioneertainiy did exonerate Mr. Frenmejar from the charges made against him, butbewas onable to say what the final decision «f tae Government in the case would be. It was under contemplation to abolish the office «f Mr, Fr-mmrrrralHTiTathnr snflpnuiliimlliiii^MiV— of that question be was not in a position toatato definitely what would be done with Mr. Sease meyarinthe event of the office he held beans abolished. The Marine Board will hold an enquiry to-day into the recent collision between Che steamer Governor Ifuagrave end ketca 1 Buterr. The number of passengers who armed at Fort Adelaide by sea during the ndni that coded Friday. Deoember SI. was ?L. <X ttese 300 were from Melbourne, a bom Western .Australia, and 69 from London. Tbe ■rmiliis who left by sea daring tbe same period was 515, ail of whom went to Melbourne. The following tenders for Government works were opened on Tuesday, Janasry4:— Engineer-in-OhieFs Department—Goods asat fonns, &c; at Eadina, Green's Plains UL Blytfa,and Snowtom. 6. J. Sednnary. towwfc tenflw*. aj. Fomrtwn, Andutootr-iiimiiad?a) Sb* partment—Port Pine Behool. additions, *. J. Fitxpatriok, lowest; Laura Pest-Offiee, addi tions, 3, W. J. Bowker, lowest. The Kapuiida Herald has received m return drawing tin weights and values ef tae ores raised by the few tributen who have tjaea at work at the old Kaponda mine (now Me. V. B. Moiton'a property) during «-« ttrirtsea months «wmawmmnc December, 1879. Sfasem parcels of ore have been -sent down,Bggregatiaa; 2,313 tons 1 cwt, yielding 45 tons 6 cwt. 11 wav of copper, a little over 1«§ per cent*«ft*ajaaai value being £8,883 9s. 4d. fhis.says OmthwOi. is not so bad for what was regarded m m worked-out mine. A meeting was held at the Tannada Hotel en Monday evening, January 3,toeoasiAtf :fae subject of the representation of fcbe«U*aet in the ensiling Parliament. Mr. W. JLOhtaejwr was voted to the chair. After a fewawawan nary remarks from tbe «*■?<?—« Me Oarl WOberth proposed Mr.Sasedow, ALP^aaafiC and proper person to represent tbe dJatrictaafl also that a petition be presented tofamiawkiag him to come forward as a candidate at ttoawat •lection. This was seoonded by Mr. W. K. Bookerfield, and supported by Mr. WsHsaaaa Mr. Thwaitet, aUthese canttemen sawaUas highly of Mr. Basedow*s capabilities. Me Thwaites proposed—H That the meeting is aC opinion that we do not pledge ourselves tsaay other candidate at preseat till we see wteaaaws forward." Both propotitioiis were carried cnani mously. Some very remarkable experiawetts which took place early in Novemoer ax taa entrance of die North Harbor, Peterneefl, an described by the JDumdtt Advertiser as faawinx been attended by very satisfactory aeasMs. Butties filled with oD were sunkto iTwitMlsau of the harbor, in which tbeseawaiinakiaa; heavily. The oil was then released.aadaatas; to the sorface it exercised an immeawjteaawl magical fflforfr in smoothing thfltrouMwlTTTipiTS Instead of the waves breaking tbe sea became quite smooth and glassy-looking, andttare wjsb a visible softening down of tile waves, wsiahie plaosof being sharp-crested were turaeiiaae long undulating seas. The opinion of those «aw witaeseed the experiments was that if w*4ha use of a simple invention of Mr. SfaiaUs. of Perth, oil can be hud oa continuously by ajpas to the bars of all exposed harbors it will fee quite possible to smooth down thestormywaases so as to enable vessels to gain port iaeaStty even amidst tbe fiercest storms. An ingenious method for obviating: fre quent stoppage of trains at stations, eaaijeft imnmt«i^?*««*i?j> Hif pssflfiiuriTi from flawaeta ticini, devised by M.Hanies > ~udesodbed by/«*«. A " waiting carriage/'comprismg a steanMajjase with special gear, and space for nsmmfcHsaun* luggage, is placed on a siding at the station, sawl picked np by the train as it goes past. She latter, by means of a hook on its but carnage. catches a ring supported on a post,and esasMMtel with a cable wound on a drum in the vat&ag; carriage. Thereupon the drum begins to w? wind.and in doing so compresses aayatseief springs, white the carriage is moved at maats gradually increasing to that of the train. The engine of the carriage then winds in the amble, tbe train and carriage are connected, passenger* are transfeaed (the carnages being of tbe American type) from the joined carriage to tbe train and tsice terja, then the two are «E«on nected,andtiie engine of the carriage waddaa; on the wheels brings it back to the slat sju whence it was taken. A fire broke out at Mr. Duff's farm, on the Light, on Deoember 29, which didmaeasa feiderable damage before it was utingnwiwuil -From Mr. Duffs statement l nsavstiieSJapiiasa paper, oit appears he was reaping aboot msawa away from where tbe fire started ; on swing the smoke he stopped the machine and eaOed kas brother, unyoked the horses, rode down to the next fence, and then ran to the fire anifoend Mr. Terence Hine, bis wife, and son, heating swt the flames, which by tiiis time hs^ extended from Mr. Duffs paddock intoMr.HJntfsstiiiWij paddock. Patrick Martin and his saa fagea nine years) resided in the padiockwbece tbe fire broke out. Martin said he heard a <iatMiag noise when inside the hot, and on going oafeatde saw the fire on tiie rise just above the hat Be fore the fire was got under it destroyed em Mr. Duffs farm, about twenty-five acres ef mass, and some fencing; and onMr.Hinetatana,* large patch of grass, two stacks of bay(aaoat thirty tons), winnowing machine, a abed, and some empty wheat bags. Meitherlfr Tfi—mm Mr. Duff are insured. At fee inqnertheWby Mr. McNamare, JJP., on tfaefireatMc?iaan? farm, the jury returned the following venfict: —We are of opinion ttat there Is strangekeaav etantial evidence to connect Oarl Oompe witfc the burning, but not sufficient proof that be did it. Compe, who was shepherding Car Me 3. N. Bmitti, was on bad terms with Me Sgrna onacooontof complaints as to the sheep «obb pa?ung." The Beniigo Advertiser reports (baton tbe 30th of Deoember a sensational ioadeat took place during the journey of tiie noon Icaia from Sananarst to Melbourne. The team as questki? left tbe Sandhurst station, the a—. sowers ban* packed into the ilunustiMas|iimj ofttT rarrUgeTwithMit any regard to ttebr comfort or eonvenlenoe—* circumstance wtocfa. of eourse, the local officials were unable to obviate, as they bad no additional unisons available. The heavily-laden train wanton all right until when ascending a steep flisiihaH bnown as the Porcupine bank, between Bswuns wood and Harcourt? the passengers seated in one of the carriages discovered tint taeflsor was on fire. This disoovery.as may reader be conceived, hemmed iE as the passengea were in. a crowded compartment, created ate a 1—1—" alatm an^otgst the passengers, nho, in tbenr tcrror, t creamed iu^ily. As tbe train forko lately vis tUt-iCi<dir.g ilie tank its. pace wa? flow, and t'..c fcrerass cj the rmpngere icartrtd tie t«c« of O-:?rd Hta^ley, wba e$ ctr«s t>yy i«-a thj ur*l«, fc.=J tiayfi oat -oastrtoday tho eagiao-drlvar nd arsaun, ud ate amuattf^wttlia^hwd^ yards. Tho ■watt anas, m ahsag to tho aaiiriage f cam VhMM Sat) tries mmW! Ut SMBBg What k feftft BnSJSMBSjd £OS tao SjaS?saaOSSl OBS* pflOOttrsd auuss vtiw aad. aaantaa sw saspaitaui Ooets aadDooaldona, who wan la the taata, extm gsae?edUMato. It woo «m asosrtalaod that the In tod km «Md«m(h the sptiag* of NMwnfanMuf uMkbktofcMt«ha«M*rel7 heavy weight uf the BaMingors who «w crowded Bate tt, ud tba sate oouoqueatly eottiingavwassitaM springs natll theyk«M Ka~Boiwtta tao frietioaand art tho floor on flea. X* cider to Ugfctsataw tartan of the ear cfegeaoateof the paasongtro ware pissed loth* . mrtt van Mora ttetrnwiosssnof itafourasy, mi Imp** Doualswott rode with the •Aon ftathe ooatpsitinsat la whtah tho to bad oe? •ami, with tfao guards ntelwiiat foil of waterreody for way rarthor eoMgenoy. The «nta, however, reached Oatlomatao without uj othar mishap, and the oarriago in whinh tho stoue occurred waa then shunted off the train. Uur teleprams tliia morning announce the death of H. Btanqui, one of the moat tooted of F oath Oomm<iui?t#, sad who in his time took no iatigoineiut put in the many poUtioml phases ot Mceut Freuch history. Tbe follow!.-g particular* of hie life sre from "Hen of the lia?r"— Look Augusta Slanqul, a French ContniunUt, m a eon of Josa Domisique Slaaqoi, • member of tho Ooaaell ot Fin . Hundred, and brother of Jerome Adolpha j Ulanqul. the polltioal eooacmist, who died in lftM. Mo was born In 1805, la Mica, which oily m at that period included In ihaDeMrtaentofUwAlpeakarltlmaa. Esriy > Initfcteflai tho wont eoetsttes, he stroagty I a*. fcUiaitlMeaaunnfikto and repubtfeau doctrines wateh M ana anno the businass of hit life to itatrt. His lift MbUe Mppaataaee was after tht oleaUooa of IWT infirfs, wheathe?yai taoapi toed fan tho popaUoaia order teooeU atuwfit Mllttoal fatuibauos, aad BUoqui wwasMMttewouadsd. fitlB3o, whDeyet • atoiaW o?aw. bo tookmpanas oa Ite popular alfeafsl?sttse tale ofl)haru* X^oadfort^ aVoWyaadasbttaitornrda rcotlved tho do. «statton of July. Under the govMamont ot LeoiaPbiUpponoproawateda ferrsnt contest, tf ■aiaia^pa^hllaiaaaiiifclMln the lateral fanon*. afataPt the itawmuk, or trading ojlmnb. Xavwnaw of the club saUad £«•><£«« ale^asit 4a fssa^te bananas onset the most active nrapagatirs of thodoOrfaoi wMch lad to ta*rov«lattaiofU«S. Adisswsstnoaouncad bofote this aaoiofe/ la IttS dlrootod tbe alteatioa of tho OawaraoMat to him, whoa bowwa?aatod,triad > aadinntoaoadtoona7ear'a impi ieoninoiit, aad a flae ofX) Btaaaa. Afow with Ftaaaaif wao dfathazgod the infernal ma* ohiaa at tt* ktag, aowaa again arroated, eaat to friaoa far two yoan.oad fiaod 800 fraaoa. Bo ma oawajaW befbeo too expiration of hi* torn, attaangh kit mtata to Parto waa Inter, jilted. Aojooa as he waa raloaaed kohagaa fgga%gaW*M Wfcgglafc. *^gafa^a*- aJggl aiata— Jaf J^avJabnaaV aaWft AeuMiaad Lm jreafiayaanC^ieaowod tho aatt> aasnanUaal aatpaaandtoaw Tka aMnban ot then aaalattai won aafpaaoi to ba IjQOTtffW la noaibor. With Barbaa and otban bo aHiiaptil a covoUtton at Cari? ia •far, IMS. It CaOed. and Biaaqai waa aoiaad aad ooadeauted to death; batanaa Ua paniab. ■tent waa onanmwtad to p wiiatnaTimnriaooment. The rewlutioa of Febnwry~lS4B. fnod hint fro?hUfetten,eadhe booMaa a toador of the people. Tho laaancctlan of Hay 15 waa or. gaaked by him, and,*t the head of • large body of dolegatea, ba aaareaod to tho hall of tho KatiaaatAaaMi?ly to inoMgasato. if poaAfe, a o?ore cfawHf* OononMaoat; bet he was over* powttod by tho troops uudor Oaamgamier, placod onoa aw aador erreet, tad upon trial woo Mouadod to prioan for ton you*. Ho wm reloaaed la USi, bat waa aoatoMad fin to fonr ygara* Imprawwaiaat in Jonaary.tota. fie epptorcd ogaiaaao?aof the active apiritom the viwltnt ogtHtthaw is favor of tho Red Kepuolic, which eafaaiaatod ia the Park Oommans ia 16J1, aud ho waa ogaia made a priaoneroE State. L'lilesa better facilities for the quick dis< charge of cargo from atoaamhint trading diraet tram (ntina to Port Adelaide an provided by the aathotttie^ltkoxtn?ielypiobablo that t&eae; voateb will before long go right on to Melbourne, instead of making Adebide (he firat portof oalL TbeOiutaavHoDM ral?at ptateat fa that on , atrl«at Hi tfao Port •teamen are to report them oetaa aad to watt twanty^tonr honn before li«>o^ «m«seougo to dweouignoM. They oaaif they ttln«canna«oa anloadTng imawdi. j ataiy after rsptKttag, bat if they do m it la at their own mk, aad ril ezpeaaet ' la eonacmoa wltn outage and atonj* araet bo bom br them. Tbk to all nry wall whoa has aUp k loaded entirely for fart AislafcJft, bat wttea, at io theoaieof tea. ; oahMffosiOhtoa, the greater part of theeaico bTfot MoUMnma ana Sjdner, the dsUv at tw*a*rfoar boara U « veryeerJoa. mai^both to tbevoaal Itodf and the eouignoai in the other ■nlaartaa. Za MOlbonrao, toapanlpa have aprnklaili?i?aa.andtheyo?ianddoooinmono> wnsadtog wftain an hoar of getting alongside taewaad. In Sydney and Brisbane ako, a ooaiowbataimilar state of thing* oxist; and in fast PsttAdekideH the only one of tho lon* port* that watt sot appear to reoognise tho awotowAy or floe tbe benefit of giving thaw stMossts tat qaJekcot pooMbUdospatoh. The Oooaa, a otaamor of afoot I£oo tons bnrden, wkiab«Rf«ad at Port Adelaide dintet from Hongkong on fMda7,Deeaa?cr tl,wMi a ear«o of tea for tbk serftfeowvvolanfe., will not be able to oanttnnohar journey antil throe aad a bait or fonr days afterlw arrival, tort taking into •oooaattao two KotttUyo and Sunday. Too nine hundred toasof ton for Adelaide would not ash* aam snaa a day in tiMhoftmg.tmt tho avoaaakr nottos, and othar oaaaot of delay, naMO>ass aaas ap. la tbooase of largo stosojors tho aaaomiunt kos on tteos stoppogos is very •■ aaaaWaojili, sasanating to* &on; £M to £100 a anf. -SaaiaW tak is the meoaveaienos oooMieood-to «ho afaltjuai?i) sod Sydney •oaaigncai «f «ha oaaja, who my natmatty oaaniiaC ttktobo aoped that tho aaatter wUruetvoooaaUaratkaac tho handt of the Ootlaotorof Oastoaw, as ft wooid be a pity it iiMdbMtfaanJag of Onima otaamors to Port onanKtios with the naJaadiag ef sates, it to in tarcstfoc to note the very rapid manner ia arhkk touoU are dktharged aadloaded at «oon ot tha grant eastern porai. At many of them, aspeoiaUy at boo ports, it k no nuamui thing for steaaora of iflOO tons to discharge aad load again in a little over two days. In faachow too Ocean recently ooenpied only tbirty-sU hour* in loadug aad stswiag 1,700 kaaj of tea, aad on anoaVr oooMion tho Kaker. i-UiM took io IJSOO toM ia Oratn boon. Tas P. k O rtmnen are ruely detained at Hong, koac ason tbaa twelve honni, though they ■eaily always have to do a deal of dkehaicuig aadloadiag. In f ast time u now considered so snlosUa she* minates •« well u hours u« looked apon «• ptesioui, and premiunu are offered lortheeooaossyot time. The following ia a copy of a petit'on laid before fee Boots*! Assembly by mr.£tay on Tuesday, aadekaed by 490 marrhanta aad aesl^ta oaUnilipisaafaitoMd tahaooo : * TJtat tiMeonfllot between foreign aad eeloaiai assdstoUeeoUAdoUido bat bam van warn, and an aiMHian of Hiiaapaaua far noaaid to tho onkaial oaada aatklo. wbUo the impacted is not dealt with kt the earns way, most ■arioody injure the tads in the farmer; that thsug* tba annnfastiwms most try to straggle en ta snidbMrlng their encwirn maebiserr left o? tiwhaadsas adoadaoiet, andtoavwd being sued ander kfaieuatnok with employes, land lords, aad aft era, they must pot put of tt* Bwcwa am tfas dealers; and tho retailerom avst onaacs. fay asamnsiac the prfce of ainatofiss oftntooonocoigMs,tomakothkdu^6aiontae nnasumar; taaf tfcia osioay. thoagh not adopt f* flfS^ *P* o*^™0 *^™ poliV.amiiongbt by fiscal lngialiHrsi to aeariah and obenVah many •Iba all, bkeuUs, oonfemaaory. bacon, jam*, oorUak. ■naaafaiitiiwa of wool, loather, wood work, veoioUs, stone, aWo, marhie, briok, jowoUary. swHnnory. ken, and others, ia ? ttm U.*5L! l "^ ?••■««•• penan. •*• ""Jffr 4 •• * the tobaooo oigar iadostnm; that this aU*m deter persona from kwosHug caaital in loeal ontorprknTa^wUltaoads the itoy . deal of batai that yew prtfflnnorathereiPW Ea*jm*ham&BmmmW;*£mUka tobsvatao oonvenoio? wit* Mew South e-amaadafl or wffl as annnge thodatksas toevjneiiMtetawtabnaastmria.'' XhofoUsw. iqgpetitko, signed br five mwaaestatire* of sbscpemtivosin tfao oigar and tobaeos msnn laetoriaa ot tfak sffy, was wanted by Mr. gmoar:-"That «amo apaaaho* ware iadacsd toormetoAdakids^^eobeaoottriffhiUMr. to aiMtlng. and wwihf net have oomo had they known Qattho bawd Him offered them would tare bam withdrawn, aad am additional ilirty of 88 par oast, plaood on the raw material by wnkfa ahoy earn their living; that many of thorn biwsr «p home* ia Sydney nod lUboane. ond bsought tbek wivea and ebildran here; tiist •tters have oontmeted ties ia ntts eoleny.end a "Wri^orabla anmbor of Sonth Anstanliso .foatta ba*s spent the spring-time of A** Into, wfaieh they oanawlioooror, to acquire a knowiodge at tho trade by •ffiwtiomaip, aad an foe support of aged prrenta; that the increase of SS per cent, in duty mast throw the balance In favor of imported tobaooo, torn many ot as oat of employment, and rethwe the wages of Ik* rest; that if tfak otonao aa to the tobasoo duty b allowed to tomato ia the Border treaty, Chat treatv will tojaro amro tenons than it wttl benefit! that if your hononUe Housefand desired to inirun the revenue and bad plated apon Amorkaa tobacco the oamo ed^ittoaalohargaas on the mw material, your ueUakaera awaM base no esasa far epprehea ekuu They therefore p«y that your honorable Howe will either refoso to assent to them- OMnseddn^ en leaf tobaoss, or will amposen eonoapnadiag additional daty of threepanea per pouad on foreign maanfaeturod 1000009." lite Rev. John Wsteford fau sent the following oommnniorttons with leforonoo to tho Werieyuinksionatn New Britain totiwMel boarao Arfut ;—• HJU. Wolverotte,at Sydney, Debembar 28,1680. Bfr-I have muohploasnre in forwarding to yon the onokoed ezimot from a letter I have reoemd from Ueutonaat Do Hos* top.ooaimanding HJLB. Beagle, testifyiagtotlie good work done by the mksknarka and teartieri otationed at Duke of Fork Island and How Britain group;aad IbegpartktdadymyChanka may beo<mvejiritoKdms.BrownendDa&la;\for tbtert* Msutanct tendered by tiurn at all times toi&Jf;? i?tps materially ntding their cow uaadeta In aarrying out often most doDeato and onerous dutka.—l am, air, roar f*mfllmt asr vsnt, I. O. Wilsojt, Oommodor*. Eer. B. Chapman, gtnersl aeoretary Wealeyan btlsjlonary Society, Sydney." Kck ot tram a letter received by Commodore WOota from Lieutenant Do Hoghton. of KJLB. Beagle, 4th B«o?ber,U80:- MCbitttt IMk Ootober,lBBo, being off Koras.l landed and oommunksted with Gsptsin Glesson, the white trader there, who premtd Mr. Brown strongly to aand a tradKr tfaets; he, I think, in common with mart traders, dooming a toucher's nnstnee end in fhKueo with the natives at a gnat aaloguard. Aadhc?,sir,it may not bo out of plaoa to aay a few words wiOt regard to tbe ananoftesab lkbeahen. I have spent some time now In ttiklo?allsy.endit k my decided opinion that themksion kdoinVoamixedgood wherever ite Infioeneokfolt. Than an now some twenty. nine stations oteblkhed in Mow Britain, New betas, and tbe Dak* of ¥0* groan. At all tbeteatetionsthonsMvOta>obers(Ftikiis,Ton gus, aad Bomoana) oan oonvene freely with the natives in their own (the native) language, and at all but two stations tbe teachers an able to and do preach and ounduct divine aervieo la tbe same laagasge. I have, I believe, oton tbe whole of tbe teachers, and.es far at I can judge, they am a inost respectable and wor?v body oi man. I have beirt them oooduot oervtoe and pnaoh to a ohanh-fuil of native*, who. ootwardly cer tainly, Dstoned attentively towhatwat asU, and among tiwir numbars k aa old New Britain ohfaf, wbo k, I believe, a atnoore eonvert to Ohrktianily. These men, ttvinc as tbeydo,aad ■of ociatfng wife tho natives, are s constant ex amph to Oom of a better life tbaa their own. ibenUtvcssee the enaa, welMmflt, roomy bonacoof the taachen; they aw ha'hasbutone wife, whs fa treated as their equal, the m*n doing tbe hard work and tbe wamta attending to^d?estkdutiei;tb^seetb?inlesdlnK aninftsmtfans, qukt, orderly We, and in all re spects bstter than their own; and they aee and know they worship Mane Being unknown to than. Tho missionaries rely greatly (and I think rfchtly) on the example thus shown: and that it has borne fruit k atlf-evident from one fact alone, namely, that several natives have adopted tbe teachers* style of building honest, and I dont doubt but Ant tfak beginning wiU spread. The teachers have great Inflaene* over tho natives, and I think the following fact wfll undeniably prove it. On the recent occasion of the killing of acfafef atKeonichigooranby a Frenchman, the Fronsnoaa'a boose was looted by tbe natives, and tnde valued at £50 was taken and stolen. The teartwn immediately, without waiting to nwnrtate with the saiukaHtries, went round to aU tfao villages, some five miles inland, sad actually persuaded tbe people to rotten the greater part of tbe trade, they noshing £36 worth, and a few pounds'worth man being brought in afterwards. I have visited many teachers' houses, and almost invariably find natives sitting ia them conversing with the teachers. Finally, I believe that if Che requests of the natives themselves to have teachers stationed in their villages were complied with, tine times tho present number of teachers would be insufficient." The departure of the steamer Aldinffa for Melbourne bat been postponed from Friday till Tueodsy next, tho Uth inst. We hsTe received from Messrs- Sorymgoar Jc Sons their Uthogrsnhic alnun*' for the current year. The winning numbers obtained in the drawing of prises in ottjneefion with St. Law* reoce'a Somnu OasbaUsOhexah, North Adelaide, will be found in car advertising columns. The entertainment at the Academy of Mnsfe bss been wry well patronitcd daring the holiday sesson, and at Ite attractions an on diminished it win no doubt continue to draw good booses. The pantomime at the Theatre Royal continues to attcaet nan and well pleased audiences, l^pdndpalscsnesanaufatly sb plsuded, and tho lnwUn7paTfonan nseW. toe well-deserved plaudits of the auditory, espe cially of the javaajlot. Then was a fair attendance at Garner's Theatre on Tuesday evening, when Professor Pepper's entertainment was carried oat to the evident satisfaction of all present. The excel, lent Tiewt of London, ttwaarasmg ghost ■cones, Mrs. ;srleyVwaxwens,aadthoatirtb4toToUng shadow psntomime. all met with approvsL^S entertainment wtllbe repeated this evening. On Tuesday evening, January 4, an enter tainmont waa gimn in^lftrJatehureh School, room, NorUAdelssde, in aid of tfaeiaatitute. fair W.RWflUnsoo.JJ, prericUd. Serersl lady and gontliim amatenm ooafaabutod vocal and instrumentel pieost, and DcNesbH and Mr. Goodyear gave two capital insAnes: HuAgfrm by the former being moah appUndwt ifwMid luster Ferry played a duet en the piano in really first- rate stjle, aad wen loudly recalled at its termination. MesMS. Sehmidte and Btitt ako bad to submit to encores. Tbe room waa crowded. Tbe combined attractions of Mr. Wivell b art gallery aad the flying boy, w ArieV con* ticue to daily attract a considerable number of visitors, and Tuesday was no axoepttoo to tbe rile, there befog a targe aU?snlani n at various periods of the day. Many oMaQedexpUnatiaos •( tb* way in whwh Ariel is suspended in mid air were ottered, but no one present had sufficient cacSdei.ee in his tteory to attempt an expise •t the or.y?tety. We understand that there will fee no performance this evening, as the Ud wfce i« the tubjeet of suspension is unwell. (in Tuesday evening, January 4, the big English circus troupe brought their highly suo? cessful nfsson to a dose. The aanoun?ement that Mr Benhamo, the aisnager and clown, was to take bis benefit on tfao occasion, and the fact that it was the last night of sue clever per f ormsnees of the company m Adelaide, induced a ve^lsy number to vkit the tent As usual tlie programme pnaented was carried oat with out a hitch, aad the nnmoreus equesfaaao, acrobatic, and joggling feats onmpeDed tbe bad sppUase of the spectators, while Mr.Benhamo, whose comicalities always exeite gnat laughter, almost outdid hisDsclf, and waa awatned afuU meed of applause. The ipattacla of the panto mime pig, chased by hatfadosen blindfolded isdssrnMdwithcl?bs, was prodoetive ofmosh amatemont. Tbe animal managed to elude its pursuers for a. considecsble time, bat was evern tnally secured by one of the boys and became bis property. To-night aad on Thursday the troupe will appear at Fort Adelaide, and on the two following evenings the residents of Gawler SAdKatmnon, respectively, will have an oppor tunity cf seeing their aiwtlwojt pecformanees. aubtesuently the company will prwwed to other ctmntry towns, and will then probably return to Adelaide 