Trevania n i 'Heife it was,' observed the old lady, as she ppinted to the bed on which the great iegicide had slept, 'that the ghost of the murdered king was supposed to have appeared to him !' 'Do :you believe it ?' demanded the visitor. If she did not exactly believe it, the house keeper had a sort of half faith upon the sub ject, and looked with no very favourable opinion upon those-especially of her own rank-who affected to treat the tradition with derision.: : - 'It was all., very well for estated ,gentry,' she used to observe, 'to doubt-they.. hiad ' right to think as they pleased;' but for ;peir sons who. were no wiser than herself it was an ini'peritinence-and she resented :it,. accord ingly. Miles very soon perceived her weak point, and took care to improve the favourableim pressiorn he had made by expressing lIis; per fect belief in the tale which had been lianded down in the servant's hall at the Grange for centuries; and added something about.once having heard summut himself. SIn the picture-gallery two things rivetted his attention : the first was the portrait which had so excited the curiosity of Martha on her arrival, and which she had caused to be re moved from the room of the housekeeper. 'It's devilish like !' he exclaimed. '. 'Like whom ?' demanded his guest. 'Oh, no one that you know I' muttered the visitor. The domestic did not feel quite so assured of that: she remembered the agitation of Miss Mendez when she first'beheld the por trait; recollected the life which the present baronet had been compelled to lead-not that she knew or suspected how chequered it had been; but she made no further observa tion. The second object which attracted the attention of Miles was the well-known cabinet df Peter Quin Like the rest of the furniture in the picture-gallery, it was exceedingly ancient, and not altogether out of place in thelocality to which it had been introduced. 'Oliver Cromwell's dressing-case, I sup pose?' said Miles, pointing to the piece of furniture. ' Oh dear, no !' replied the old woman, with something like an air of disdain at what she 'considered a vulgar attempt to joke. The lady who now occupies the Grange brought it with her !' The gentleman in the brown wig could have told her as much. 'It contains nothing but a parcel of old account-books,' continued the speaker, 'in blue, grocer- like covers; and an old black dress and shawl which not a housemaid here would condescend to wear !' He remembered the former dress of poor Martha. ' Well,' he said, musingly, ' it is a. singular old place ! ,I should not much like to visit it at night: I\should expect to see some of these stately old lords and ladies,' he added, pointing to the portraits upon the walls, ,' walk out of their frames and dance ..a minuet !' ~' No one ever does visit it at night !' re plied,Mrs. Everett; 'the servants,are all too much afraid, and the family apartments are on the other side of the mansion !' This was important information, and her hearer noted it accordingly. After running through the rest of the-rooms, her visitor took his leave, charged with many kind.messages and regards to Farmer Rudge, whose name had served him as a passport. : .Qn his way home he pondered over all that he had seen and heard-and it must be con fessed that he had food for meditation. The' portrait puzzled him the most; as for the cabinet, there was nothing so very extraordi nary in his fi'nding it. Suddenly he recollected the fragments of the:bimrnt letter which he had discovered ini the caiptiin's room, and given to Marthlt Quin. . ?Tis,:he;!' he exclaimed; 'her wvit;wwai quicker than mine ! - ly Grange ! Brierly Grange! 'He, then, is the owner of this lirge estate---this noble old house and finetitle! I always thought he was a gentleman'!-:" He the owner of them 1' he added, with great deliberation. 'We are the owners of them -old Quin's death made us partners !' With these words, he hastened his steps towards the little public-house where for the last:few days he had taken up his abode,. to arrange his plans for the coming night. 'Could I but. secure the papers of old Quin,' he thought, 'I might bid defiance to his grand- daughter !' As he quitted the wood, close by the park gate, he encountered Clement Foster :;:the yboungman'had his gun upon his a~rmi, afid was 'followed by the keeper and two dogs. Miles touched his hat respectfully. 'Who is that person?' inquired Clement of his companion-for, despite the very re spectable appearance of the stranger, he had been-struck by the sinister expression of his countenance. ' Can't say, sir I' replied the keeper';:' a new-comer in these parts-from London, I believe. He is after some farm, I hear, in the neighbourhood I' ' He does not look much like a farmer !' observed the gentleman. 'A great deal more like a housebreaker !' added the former, 'or a highwayman! I wonder what he wants in the plantation '?" Clement Foster wondered, too, but the affair made merely a momentary impression : he had quite forgotten it by the time he reached the house; not so the keeper, who determined to have an eye upon him. The evening was passed by the two ladies and their guest-although the lawyer's son was almost as much at home as they were in the usual way-music and reading: it gave Miss Wyndham an opportunity of laying close siege to the heart she had determined to conquer-for she began to suspect that in the event of Miss Mendez not discovering the child of her adoption, his father's fortui?e was not the only one he would inherit: the quiet, kindness of Clement had made a deeper impressi,,n in his favour than all her affected sensibility and devotion. Martha was more clear-sighted than she had given her credit for, and had seen through them.n. 'Do you believe in. presentiments?' said the latter, as they tose to separate for the night. As a. matier of course, the governess did:. egorn '. I have a strong impression; that some thing serious:is about ,to occur l' continued the mistress of the.' house.:. . : .i: ; 'And I have an impression,' replied Clement,K 'that I slhill have rare sport to mo~rw', and bring you home the deer which George, e~ ,th-e"epeeer,, saw struggling throiigh the'coverttilulimornug 1,--.I. have.,bfeeni. ater him all day--a ball in each barrel I' Miss wyndlam i gave one, of those'pretty little starts hich young lad~ies of a certain agesnd ulge ,?n hen they:sishs to. appear interesting. It 'vas followed by,:just the faintest scream!.imagiriable-for the speaker held~the'weapon in his hand: it had been in the drawing-room all the evening . "3. B&eca;&reftil;, nmydear Cle em ! said .Martha, 'for your lather's sake! ,You are his only child,. and I know what it is to be deprived of suchr'atie! :Should anfytlhing -ccuir-'!" ' Dreadful "isaiid her companion, squeezmin ont a tear, , -. . . '.Ydoui are very careftul of me' replied the youthi 'miui' more so th.lanI dese'rv.' My owndear,,good 'inbothercould not be more kind,!. :Butof course?l?.'e added,,fearful that the comparsion was not altogether a comnpli inentary one, 'you are much younger than she is !'' :........ Tihe gov~iness'repressed'her inclination to smile-f liorse' ha egsii tifeel jealouls ol the eviden t1infeesi ivbicfh the splaiers tool in each otlher sometimtns she imaaginedlthat it was loIea?--nd,. preposterous ..as. was the idea".it tbrimented . her. Y - Slih 'little keiew- the hearts of either. Clemient Foster's had - not yet spoken-at least in 'the'seseei'se sli suspeted,; aid as for Miartha's, all that. she. was. ever: :destined t, teel'of affection'was for hker lost child.-... 'The very best ;person you could have codi1i'aed.rime' td!': bserved the lady, smiling at his embarrassment; ' for I am too old to be.compared e??en to a sister i Good onight, my dear ib i' she iddded, e~driediiig lier habnd; 'and take your gun wvith. u.!.. The 'Good night' was repeated, and all three retired to their separate rooms. . ....Sbitel6io\, Cldeiniit desikite the fatigue of the day, could inot, sleep.,, The recollections of the strainger he hadimet in: the plantation, and:the observation of .thej keeper, returned 'What folly !' he said; 'LMiss?:Mendez h'is ie'didjid hlier foi ?ehts--is beloved. by dil the country round, for her charity and virtue! WVhat di~ge?? P~ih !i" This old place has set me dreammng!' 