NEWS AND NOTES. Our special telegrams mention that the Anglo-Boer Convention has been criticised in a spirit by the Transvaal Volksraad, but according to the Daily News has been accepted under protest. The -Boer Government is getting into _ trouble with the natives, the tribe of Swazis having made several raids into ther territory. Cholera has broken oat at Mecca, and many lives have been sacrified. Hanlan has accepted the challenge of Wallace Rosa to row for the championship. - We learn by telegram from our Melbourne correspondent that application was made yes terday, before Judge Williams, in chambers on behalf of the Hand and Band Company to tax the costs of Messsrs Hardy and Madden, late solicitors to company. Messrs Hardy and Madden opposed the application on the ground that the manager had previously given a promissory note for the amount. His Honor reserved his decision. _ The Sebastopol Drainage Bill was yesterday discharged from the notice paper in the Assembly, and subsequently Major Smith gave notice for reference of the bill to a committee of the House. One of the most influential business meetings ever held in Ballarat took place yesterday after noon, at Craig’s Royal hotel, when about 50 shareholders in the new local banking com- pany, “The Joint Stock Bank of Victoria, Limited assembled to adopt the articles of association, &c.; The most of those present were leading gentlemen in the Ballarat and adjacent districts, there being also a few gentlemen from Melbourne. Mr M. Loughlin presided, and Mr R. M. Serjeant officiated as secretary pro ten, The deed of association was adapted, and Mr John Shiels was formally appointed bank manager: Messrs M. Lough- lin, B. J. Fink, R. M. Serjeant, H. Gore, and Williamson, were elected the first board of directors. Messrs J. A. Chalk and J. B. M'Quie were appointed, auditors; and Messrs T. Mann and J. Fink were appointed solicitors to the company, the former to act on behalf of the bank in Ballarat, the other in Mel- bourne. Mr Serjeant’s services in bringing the matter to a successful issue were highly eulogised, and the matter of presenting him with a testimonial was left in the directors’ hands. Mr M. Loughlin also received much praise for the assistance he had rendered in getting the bank established. The meeting throughout was most harmonious, and the general feeling seemed to be that the com- pany may fairly reckon on a very prosperous future. A report of the proceedings appears elsewhere. The question as to whether live frogs have been found in the centre of solid blocks of basalt is yet greatly occupying the popular mind, notwithstanding Mr W. Denton's ex pressed disbelief in.all statements affirming the existence of such reptiles under such condi. tions. An item' of interest in connection with the subject has been supplied to us by Cr Hughes, of Sebastopol, who- authorises us to use his name. He states that about 21 years ago he was sinkings shaft at the Round Water holes; and that the. second rock was met at a depth of about 40 feet from the surface. He further states that powder was used in blasting the rook, and that on breaking up with the hammer some of the. solid pieces of rook dislodged by the. blasting operations he found therein live frogs, from an inch to an inch and a half in length. ■ Mr Hughes assures us that he believes this as firmly as he believes in his own existence, and be distinctly recol lects that his feeling at the time was that he weuld not have believed what be then saw had ho net witnessed it himself. With all the rock blasting that has beeh going on in the Ballarat district for the past quarter of a century, not to speak of similar experiences in other parts of the colony, surely a body of evidence, suffi cient to throw more light on the subject, might resdily bo forthcoming. We shall bo glad to hoar from miners on tho subject. . In . our report of the cue of John Fancy T tho North Hurdefield Freehold United Com pany, we mentioned that tbs warden decided that Fancy, being an unoertificated insolvent could not recover against tbs company. Wo are asked to state that Mr Fancy's certificate was granted on the 3rd May, 1880, and it was on . a point of'proof of. insolvency that the warden gave his decision. Mr Finlajtbh, who appeared for the company on the hearing of the case, put in notice of sequestration of tho complainant’s estate, dated 1874.’ Mr Gaunt who appeared for the complainant, contended that such notice did not prove that tho com plainant was ah uheertificafed insolvent, and the onus of proving such was on the de fendant. The warden reserved the point, and oa Monday last gave his decision aa above stated, but'at of Mi*-Q»hnt con sented to etato a apebial case for.the opinion of 'the Chief’Judge- ’ The special case will be heard on theSilst November next. Mr C. H. J. Walker, who has lately returned from a risit to the old SoUutry, has forwarded; te -the Mechanics’. Institute .a handsome, morocco case, lettered in' gilt; containing- the time-table hooka of all- the principal railways -in ; Great-Britain.' At the meeting of com mittee on Monday night a cordial. vote, of thanks was passed to Mr Walker for hie dona tion. ; ’■' <\- 1 ’ v - » ; • / ;/ i :; T ;• George StaiMrt felrd, charged with lunacy, was brought before the ( City Bench yesterday. Sergeant Crowley, tbe arresting constable, deposed to 'baring arrested hint kneolingon' .the,footpath .opposite; the Catholic Cathedral. When arrested he threatencd- tO ( cut his throat and shoot himself. Dr Bunco stated that he. was of opinion that drink Was the cause of the man’s peculiarity. As adcusod appeared before the court perfectly sane, ho was; discharged. The secretary of the Orphan Asylum begs to acknowledge with thanks' receipt of £7 10s, collected in Sf. 'John’s Church of-England, in aid of the, funds of the, institution. _■ The- Ballarat Club will open the season by a cricket match on the oval next Saturday, Sides being chosen at 2 o’clock, t ! ' o An accident happened to a man named John' Coad, whilst working in a drive at the Queen Company's mine. Black Hill Flat, about 11 o'clock yeaterday morning.'-'lt appears that A lump of dirt fell upon him, crushing bis shoulders and- cheat, but happily: hot very severely, It was at firat thought - helfhad sus tained serious injury, but on his being brought to.the surface, the doctor was sent for, and pronounced bis case not to be a bad one. Coad was taken to; bis home) and be is now deing as well as can be expected/ It is reported that tbs Royal Freiberg mine at Avoca.haa, been purchased by Herr-Krupp,. the famous manufacturer of cannon." At the mine in question are many thousands of tons of pyrites,' which,' it is;thought, from- trials reported to have been mads in‘Europe, will give splendid results. There are, without exaggeration,' millions of tons of pyrites in the various goldfields that if .subjected to scientific processes would give good returns, and 'the wonder is that more attention has hot been paid them. : ■ We understand that the police authorities are about to take .proceedings against some publicans wbo, it is stated, are in the habit of supplying drink to intoxicated persona . upon their licensed premises. 1 - : : 'ln reference to a paragraph which appeared: in yesterday’s'issue relative to the diamond drill-in use in the Sineaton district, we have been shown a telegram received yeaterday-by Mr G. J. Carroll, chairman of the Spring Hill Leads Company, from the . Minister of Mines,' in which the Minister aaya:—‘‘lt is my inten tion to carry out promise already made.’’--;-: - At the Warden’s Court yesterday afternoon, before Mr J.' C-, Thomson, Riohafd r ;Warne, jun., of Ebden street, appeared against Gi W, Potts for trespass upon residence area No,; 10,674, Ballarat East./ Mr Gaunt appeared for the complainant, .and . Mr Finlayaon for the defendant,. After ' a considerable amount of evidence had been taken, the case; was dis missed, as the. warden did not think that the trespass had been proved. ' ■'- \ The directors of tho newly-formed Joint- Stock Bank-of Victoria, Limited, intend, if possible, commencing operations next' week, or as early ip the beginning of the ensuing month as possible. The building in ' Lydiard .street, purchased by the bank from Mr Morey, will not be ready for occupation fora considerable time, and it is therefore probable that suitable temporary offices will be obtained , in Sturt street, in one of the front offices of the build ings formerly occupied by' the Australian and European B ink. ' ' , ■ We believe that the majority of our readers scarcely have any faith in anything appertain ing to the supernatural, but gossip states that nearly every night a ghost, may be seen on its perambulations near the Ne‘w Cemetery. The. affair baa caused considerable: excitement. on Soldiers Hill amongst the inhabitants, and tbs weird visitor has had many spectators, who, however, are divided in opinion as to whether, the white-robed visitant isfrqpi ghostly regions or a scoundrel of flesh and blood masquerading to affright persons who travel in the locality of the Cemetery, The weight and influence of Constable Thompson were called into requisition yester day morning to settle a dispute which bed occurred between a female and three Chinese relative to the alleged trespass of a cow in the Celestial garden at Pennyweight. She informed, the constable that she bad been ' grossly assaulted; and her clothes torn by the Celestial • brotherhood in tho fracas that resulted from: the dispute. The constable proceeded to the place, when from the statements of all the parties- concerned,' be' discovered : that very trivial grounds existed on which, to effect an arrest. From the somewhat dilapidated and damaged state of two of tho Chinamen's faces, it would’ appear ns if the -woman .had com mitted ead havoc, though the constable, who has had long experience of the Chinese char acter, suggested that the Mongolians bad con siderably heightened the effect by smearing their faces with every available: drop of blood. A gentleman residing in the East Wimmera district, who is now on a visit to Ballarat, does not give a very glowing account of the appear, ance of the country at present. He states that the crops, arc already' beginning to feel the effects of an insufficient supply of rain,' and that unless there is a heavy downpour within the next week or two it will be but a ; poof lookout for the farmers. The drought,is more especially to be deplored in tho East Wimmera and Richardson districts, where there is no supply of water to speak of: {or the requirements of the farmers, even during the first portion of the summer season. The Richardson River is stated to be alarmingly low, and matters have been made considerably worse by the partial failure of the weir thrown across the Wimmera to conduct the surplus waters waters of that river up the Dunmuokle Creek, and thence through the Dnmnunkle shire and a considerable portion of the west riding of the St. Arnaud shire. This work was under-, taken principally by the two shires interested,' Mr Gordon, having been the engineer; but it appears that when the weir bad been almost completed the water made; its way: through an old bed of the river, and conse quently the works will not be available this season. This is to be regretted, inasmuch as the farmers of the district had been eagerly anticipating the successful completion' of the weir, in order to supply their stock, and also for drinking purposes. The members of the Ballarat City Rowing Club are taking energetic steps this year to place their club upon a satisfactory basis, both in point of membership and. facilities afforded to acquire skill in rowing. We hear that seventy-j new members have joined the club. In order to accommodate the large number of members, instructions were sent to Melbourne yesterday to forward, to. Ballarat two new four-oared boats, besides a gig for learners. ’ The return of traffic on the Victorian Rail ways for the week ending 22ud September shows that tho number of passengers travel ling was 220,844, and that the receipts were £27,732 1U 9d, as against £24,695 7s Id for the corresponding week in the previous year. : As a number of the inhabitants o! the Durham Lead had been inmates of the Bal larat Hospital, a ball (our correspondent writes) was held on Friday last in aid of the Hospital at the old National Hotel, which proved a great success. The sum of £8 12s 6d was gathered, of which £4 10s waa collected pre vious to the ball by Mrs Nicolsou, Mrs Nolan, Miss Weavil, and Miss M’Swoeu. on Durham Lead and neighborhood; and £4 2s i 6d by collection at the door and refreshments. After expenses, there was left £7 10a for the Hospital. Tho refreshments were kindly. provided, free of cost, by Mrs Herbertaon, Mrs - Wright, Mrs M'Bean',' Mrs Hodges, Mr A. M’Lehnan, Mrs J. Nolan, Mrs . Weavil, Mrs M'Sween, and Mrs Nicolson.. .A very.pleasant night was spent, and the party separated with mutual harmony in the early morn.: “Gee robh biiaidh leia na seoid.”.. The recent elections for the two vacant seats, on. the Board of No. 83, south riding, school district of Ballaratahire, having resulted' in the return of Mr James Mohcrieff.only, the department wrote, asking tho'present members 1 to submit the name of some suitable person; willing to act,--for tho_ Minister’s approval. After due consideration the board nominated Mr Thomas Clarke, of Windermere, and that gentleman’s name haa bean forwarded to the Minister of Public Instruction, as requested. We understand that Mr A. Hunter, acting as agent for the Australasian Deodbriaidg,* 4c. Company, has entered into a contract with the Railway Department to supply 100 tons of the' company’s deodoriser for use at the various railway stations. ■ S 9“ Monday morning last, whilst a lady residing at Staffordshire Reef waswalking near to Hr Hugh M’Mioemin’a store, she saw some thing shining brightly on the ground, which, upon examination, proved to be a handsome nttlo nugget, which was found to weigh 19 dwt 21 gr. The ground, it appears, had been : worked several years ago with considerable success, and bow the rtelcoffle Cod onuld have beeb overlooked for such a length of time seems a marvel, ' ■■We have to acknowledge the twenty sixth annual repbrt'of the Ballarat Cricket Club for the season 1830-81, neatly printed by ,J. Anderson and Cos. The city 1 police authorities, ah owhif for a lSalfiern purse, containing money and other property, found by, the Ballarat north police at Wendouree Parade., Mr James Buchanan, so long and favorably ■ known as the legal manager of the Reform' Company, at Haddoo, intends shortly, we are informed, to sever his. connection with that company to fill a similar position in Connection with one of the; new mining Companies at Spring Bill. j The Half-yearly meeting «f the Barkly street Mutual Improvement Association was held on Tuesday-evening. ■ Vice- president John Bell presided/ The balf-yeaily report showed the society to be in a fiourishing condition numeri cally and financially, there being atpresent 105 members oh the roll,,and a balance of j£6 12s 3d to the Credit of the association. During tbs half-year the members have kept their engage ments well, the essays and discussions brought Before; tbs society from time to time having proved interesting and profitable. The following was the result of the election of officers:— President, Rev. T. Adamson (re-elected); vice presidents, Messrs John Bell and Robt, M’Qregor (re-elected); secretary, Mr E. Scar borough (reelected); treasurer, Mr H. J. Qlenny (re-elected); . librarian, Master H. Graves; auditors, Messrs D. B. Wheelor (re elected) and J. Jeffrey; committee, Miss Cutter (re-elected), Mias Ellsworth, Messrs J, Bryant (re-elected), A. M’Qregor, and deadening. Votes: of thanks were accorded to the past officers and- responded to. The syllabus fur the next quarter was then prepared. It was announced that at next meeting an essay would be given on the “ Chemistry of the atmosphere.” A lecture will shortly be de livered by the president: to the members and .friends, due notice of which will be given. A native of the Celestial Empire, named Ah . Citing,; was. Brought before Mr Q. J. Jones, . J,P., at the. Smythesdale Court on Weddesday, charged with feloniously stealing from the blacksmith’s shop of the No. 2 Reform Company’s claim, at Hadden, a quan tity of gold dust, value Is, the property of Ah ,Sue and others. The accused was remanded till Tuesday, next, and admitted to bail in the sum of £2O. - .... Last-Sabbath the Rev. Samuel Robinson, of St; Kilda, preached two sermons in the Pres byterian' ,Church). Carngham, to large and ap preciative audiences- both morning and even ; ‘ V/’ i ■- A' handsome nugget weighing 36 oz was sold at thsißahk’ of Victoria,’Avoca, on Tuesday . morning; J but’• beyond’stating that it was obtained close to. Avoca. the bank officials would not supply any information respecting the facility where it wda obtained or the name of the finder. ' 'V, \- The'tran'sferof the sub-department of Agri culture from the Minister of Lands to the Miuis terofPu'blic Works, is (the Argus states) leading to some changes amongst; the officers of-the staff, Mr D. E. Martin Jaas left Hor sham to take charge of the new office arrange ments iu Melbourne, This is the: foundation 'for a report which has appeared, that Mr ' Martin is the successor of Mr Wallis, the secre tary of agriculture. Tbs position of the latter gentleman remains unchanged. ' . ' The beer and tobacco duties were (says the Aryus): described by Mr Berry as “ unexcep tionable in their character.” “I never heard anyone,”, continued Mr Berry, /‘seriously object to them.” The comment appeared to be intended for the benefit of those members of the Radical party who still protest against the taxes in question. These hon. gentlemen seemed astonished by the remark. Since Parliament met (says the correspon dent - of: the Qippsland Mercury ) several im promptu meetings have been held by members who desire a new combination. So far as has been made known, this combination will be -between the two Corners, with several mem bers- from the direct Opposition and Minis terial benches. Hitches and difficulties have already risen,.hut negotiations are being pro mised. ■ " The ex-Chief Secretary, says (observes the Argus) that, as a consequence of the.change : of Government, we - now have “ Haphazard finance, a stoppage. of retrenchment, no Civil Service Bill, and excuses instead of measures,” .“But what have .we gained ? ” asked Mr Gilles. “Peace, progress, and prosperity," solemnly responded Mr Francis, amid hearty • Ministerial cheers.; On Friday return tickets will be , issued on the Victorian railways to and from all stations except those on the suburban lines at Friday excursion fates—single fare and a half. The 'issue of tickets commences with the last trains on Friday, and similar fares are charged by all trains on Saturday. The tickets are available for return; by any train up to Monday -night. : In the Mechanics' Institute to-night Herr Hartmann, assisted by his Mendelssohn Quar tette. Class and private pupils, will give a grand’concert in aid of the 'ladies’ Benevolent Clothing Society.; There has been a really fine programme of music prepared, which will bo given under the -condnctorship of that veteran musician, Mr Austin T. Turner. There should be a numerous audience, as the object of the concert is a worthy one. We have been asked to-mention that the tickets bear date Friday,-30th, blit it has been decided to alter the date to-night.' Ticket-holders should taka notice of this change. - •We are requested to remind, our readers that the last, of the series of three winter concerts in coneotion with the Lydiard street Wesleyan Sabbath school takes place.to-night in the lecture hall, Dana street. Tho music will be rendered by the Lydiard street church choir, under - the leadership of Mr C. Eyres. The programme "also includes two organ solos by Mr Chas. Paynter, organist from the Blind Asylum, Melbourne, We invite attention to the notice in another column of a drawingroom concert, to be given at St, John’s School, Soldiers Hill, next Tues day evening, by several gifted amateurs, who have in the most generous manner thug pro mised to help the building fund. The names will command . general respect, and a most pleasant evening may be anticipated. Tickets (which are. limited in number) may be had from Messrs Eyres Bros, and Bardwell’s Studio, As will he seen by advertisement, the first prize (1000 sovereigns) in tho Sandhurst Masonic Art Union can now be seen in the window of Mr M. Bade, the local agent! The committee, much against their wishes, have been compelled to defer the drawing of the , art union until the 21sfc October. The necessity for this .course has arisen through several of the distant agencies—prin cipally New Zealand—not having sent iu 'final settlement. ' The returns are expected daily, and it is fully anticipated that they will- all be received within a week, but to make the matter sure, the committee have decided upon the postponement stated.. If it should happen that any returns -do ' not come to hand in the meantime, the tickets unac counted for will be cancelled, as the com mittee are. determined to have no further postponement. Wheeler's Hibernicou, an entertainment which-has earned great commendation from the press, will be exhibited at the Ballarat Mechanics Institute for a week, commencing -next Saturday night. The panorama is made up of national scenes in Ireland, and the accompanying performances by the members of. the company are rich and racy. The enter tainment is said to be very enjoyable, ; Spring Show of the Geelong and Western District Agricultural and Horticul tural Society will ha held on Thursday, 20th October. Information; as to dates of entry, So., . will. •bo found -in our advertising columns. .. .. . , 