Funniments» OPINIONS OF°THE PRESS ON* . . KISSING. A LADY in Goulbífrn has forwarded the | following' " Opinions'- of tlie Press" upon the I subject oft lu» text which tells you that Jacob i kissed Rachel, and lifted up his voiceband wept :- 1 If Rachel was a pretty girl, and kept her face clean, we can't see what Jacob had to cry about.-Sydney Daily Telegraph. How do you know but that she slapped'his face for him. - Protestant Standard. Weeping is not ur frequently produced by extreme pleasure, joy, happiness ; it mrgbt have heen so in Jacob's case.-Freeman's Journal. The cause of Jacob's weeping was the re- fusal df Rachel to allow him to kiss her again. -Burrandong Argus. - > Jacob wept to find Rachel had only one eye. \- Yass Courier. It it» our opinion that Jacob wept because he had not kissed Rachel before, and hè wept for the time he had lost.-Forbes Times. The ti How wept because the girl did not kiss him.-Tumui Times. Jacob wept because Rachel told him to do it tu ic; more, a:id he was afraid to.-Method- ist Wi tuc-ss. Jacob cried because Rachel threatened to tell lu r n amma.- Molong Express. Ile wept because there was only one Rachel to kiss.-Goulburn Herald. lt is our opinion Jacob wept because he had the influenza badly.-Bathurst Times. He wept for joy because it tasted so good. Wagga Advertiser. We reckon Jacob cried because Rachel'"hac I been eating onions.-S. M. Herald, j Our own opinion is that Jacob wept because he found after all it was not half what it wai j cracked up to be.-Albury Banner, j A mistake, not his eyes, but his moutl walen e'. - Church oí England Record. I He thou ht it wa« a fast colour, and wept ti ! find tiie [i, int come off.-Peter Campbell* I Wasp. lie remembered he was her uncle, an ! whit the ¡inver book says. - Southern Dail ! A-J.. I fe was a fool, and did not know what wa ?rood fi - him.--Goulburn Penny Post. Ile knew there was a time to weep-it ha c ine, ai d be dare not put it ofT. - llav Sane ard. nc wiougnc srte migtit have a big biother. Temora Star. Wlien he lifted up his voice, he found it was heavy, and could not gi t it so Ililli as he expected. - Gundagai Times. He tried to impose on her feelings because he wanted her to lend him five shillings. Burrangong Chronicle. Our own opinion is thai R ¡che! did not clean her teeth, and this MI disgu-ted Jacob that he cried with hitter disappointment at tlie fact.--Wilcannia Times Jacob kissed Rachel, and then wi pi'í'íyKáWS© she \\\as tiouh'e-.i witt) e .tar h. nd hid neglected to bring a clean h m ki rehief. Cootamundra Hetald. Very likely a cur ous mosquito !>:.d sudden- ly found its way to the su.;:ll of b s hack. Castner's Monthly. Jacob wept because it suddenly dawned upon him that he ha l rendel ed !iimse;f liable for a breach of promise of maniate.-Camp- belltown Herald. Jaccob, like Byron, probably wished that womankind " had but one rosv mouth, that he might kiss t! e n all from north to south." ' Findi'ig it iMiddift be, he we .t from sheer » V-. xatioii.- Hawkesbury Chronicle. A Parliroatta paragraphist has been pre sented wit|i a bow-legffed bull dog with cross ejes and ¿ two inch tail. " Put not your trust in kings"-unless you have all tie aces up your sleeve. A gamaler says.: " The,, only hand in this world wbtdh blesses those who grasp it rs a full Jiand.f" ' \ Made »f the mist-^drizzling rain.. Maid of 'the mister-his sweetheart. Made of the mystery Miasb.. ? A ne'fhbour, with a coifee cup in her. hand, called in on Unele Mose, remarking : " Uncle Mose, ii wants tp borry a cup-ob parched coffee fr|in :you for breakfast 'till to-morrow^-1 " Go ri «. to de box on the sheff and hep y«rsef,'| The neighbour did a» requested, but discovertd the box.CO.-be as empty as the head of a legislator. " Uncle Moses, dar's no parched c< ffee in dis heall box." " Does yer know v/uy dar ain't no coffee in dat ar box V "No. Il doesn't know nuffin' about it." Dar^ A't no coffee in dat ar box," said the old m;n. solemnly, " bekase dat ar am de returned coffee-box. Ef yer had brung back al' *.He )ffee yer borrowed last vear, it would be^fct, .nil." WWu a man is hung for horse-stealing in Richr»Jpid, they say that he died of the disease kno\\\tdxs the sheriff." We suppose it is a species of the cóllarer. Teh, Katie's a ro;riio, it's tliru«'. I I;ut her eyes, like the sky. arc SM hine, j t An' lier dimples s>> s-.vaie, \ ' An' her ankles so nate. She dazed, an' she bothered nie. too. fill one mor nin' wo wini, for a rido. ?"Whin, demure as a bride by my side. The darlint she sat. .. . ' Wid de wickedest hat .Neath purty girl's chin iver tied. An1 I said : "If I dared todo so. I'd let go uv the baste, an' IM t mw Bo'b arms round your waist. An' he stalin' a lasie ? ~TSY them lips that are coaxing me so." I Then she blushed a moro illitrant red. As she sai<l, widout raisin' her head, An' her eyes look in' down. ? 'Neath her lashes so brown : " Would ye like me to drive, Misther Ted ?" " No, mann," said a Penrith shoe dealer I would like to give you a smaller pair, but' to sell you anything below eights would render me liable under the statute for preven- tion of cruelty to animals." How TO F KED LAMBS.-lt is stated that ; pres'ding elder," who was not noted foi promptness, animation, or brevity, alter keep 1 ing his eongivgati <n waiting a long while, arrived, and t;ki"g as a text "Feed nu lambs." proceeded to preach a vry prosy an lengthv sermon. A ter listening until tor. bearance bao! almost ceased to be a virtue while the preacher showed no signs of reaehim th-end of his discourse, and neting peihap upon the Apostolic principle, If any be re- vealed to another sitt ing bv, let the first hole his peace." (I Cor. 1-t : l>0), "camp meet ing J din Allan" arose from his seat, and in bi quaint way, r.-marked, " Brother, I have ha< some experience in raising lambs, <tnd nut I that the following rules are positively essen ' tint to success : First, feed them their food ii j season ; second, feed them a little at a time i third, give it io them warm." HAUL r. Wm RE is THY FATHER': GH »VT? It is rumoured that a ghostly visito I ¡lays frequent visits to Peach Tree Corner I^Vehav.- not heard whose ghost it is, or wha ^SKjliSSr^v5^-. -¿-Hi--v i tí w. This much we do knov .-tb t it is not always safe to be a 'ghost when encountered by a fearless and determine ner-on. lt is only a few years ago since prattle ii joker took it into his head to frighte: :î voung iad. So, on a very dark night h covered himself with a white sheet, mounted p.t r of stilts, and hid behind a tree, waitin for the ii. le boy. On the little boy (who wa atme-! «iîh a gun) nearing the tree, the woulc be ghost of gigantic size sprang out, and th little boy, in terror, fired at the strange figu; and shot the joker dead on the snot. Thus who ;'re in the habit of indulging in gho<tl tricks would do well to profit by the above sa s' orv. 