POLICE JMTELUGEMOE. CITY. Four littlo boys, William Atkinson, James Balscr, Patrick Quinhui, and Georgo Huycs, wcro brought up at the City Court to-day, as neglected children. Tho youngsters woro caiuihfc in tho net of steal incr liowananers from a news-agout in West Melbourne and given into custody. Mr Wobb, tho nows- agont, said ho had lost as much as fivo shillings fast wook Chrough his papors being stolen. Ho markod somo pivpurs lust night, and early this morning tho boys wore scon to tako thom. Inspector Lnrner applied for and was granted a romand for a wock. ' Tiio boys wcro in n filthy condition nnd will got a good scrubbing in the Russell stroob gaol before appearing next Thursday. Plain- clothes Constnblo Pace and Smith rnndo a raid upon tho domi-inondo iu Collins street last night, and locked up about half a dozen of tho worst of of thom. Tho influx of holiday seckors into Melbourne has hnd the olfect uf bringing largo numbers into tho prin cipal stroots, whoro thoy behave disorderly. Tho magistrates' cautions aro 110 good what ever, tbo girls will porsist in parading Swan- ston street and Collins street in the immediate vicinity of tho Town Hall. A shopkoopor named EUon Woods, of Littlo Bourko street, lost somo linon from a clothes- liuo yesterday afternoon, and'she imiacdiatlely gave information to Constable Htillinan, who found a youngster named James Cribb, aud brought him to Mrs Woods on suspicion. Ho was identified by a young woman as the young ster seen in tlio locality. On Mrs Woods pro mising not to press the charge against him. he told tho oificor that ho would tako him to a houso in Leichardt street, whero tho clothes woro planted. Tho boy had evidently been playing old Fathor Gaspar in the ghost scono of Los Cloches do Corn- villo, as a shoot was found in readiness' to frighten away anyono from tho plnco, and so make safo the plant. Tho property was recovered by Hallinan, a oisbeliovcr in ghosts, and tho boy locked up, The bench to day sent him to gaol for six hours. 