Singleton. November 19. A visitor to this town who had not seen it during the past 12 months, would be very greatly struck with the changes which have been effected in all directions. The architecture has been Improved by the crection of new hotels and shops ; the enlarge ment of one place of worship, and the crection of another ; the liberal outlay in paint and tasteful improvements upon the older buildings, and the almost complete transformation in the ' night side ' of our ' city life' by the introduction of gas. Many of the larger public and business buildings are just now illuminated upon ? oimrpactc tlint thp flpRt. miflrfpHfi mr upmnnfc hnrn -not been yet presented. Economy is born of the first quarter's bill. The streets arc well lighted with burners of great power and'biilliancy, Messrs. Moore and Co.'s large establishment was lit up on Saturday evening, and the disposition and power of the light* evidenced the fact that their managing ironmonger, Mr. W. R. Rowles, who planned and supervised the matter, ' was well up to his work. Three brilliant sun-lights with reflectors, furnished with flO-jct burners sent an even stream of light through that part of the establish -mcnt in which naked lights arc safe, viz., the grocery, iro mongery, and clerical departments in the ?western division of the premises. The eastern, or drapery, being furnished with x pen dents, and the light shielded and softened by frosted globes. Mr. T. H. Bower performed the mechanical part of the work with great satisfaction to the firm. Many persons visited the premises on Saturday night to witness the pleasing change from oil to gas. The large hall at the Mechanics' Institute was lighted up with gas for the performance of the Bijou Opera Troupe on Monday and Tuesday in last week, and though the arrangement of the stage lights was not perfect, the effect in the hall was a very great im provement on the oil. A few months ago, when Mr. Lloyd Lewis was giving his expose of spiritism, just at the important moment, when the ghost was stepping out of the cabinet, and the nerves of the audience were on the stretch, down came a thrcc-branch kerosene bracket on the head of a member of the audience, and the place was ablaze instantly ; amid the shrieks of the female portion of the audience, and the shouts of the stronger nerved who undertook to give directions to each other, the ghost was seen to collapse and hasten back whence it came. Ghosts will for the future be quite safe from such acci dents. The reading rooms and library, &c.;, down stairs, present a most chcerful and inviting appearance. Some difflcultv has arisen with reference to lighting the pavilion on the show ground, and tlie South Singleton or Kelso suburb. The mistake seems to have been made of laying down a main which will not more than supply the station premises ; but no doubt the difficulty will be sui mounted by the 6amc enterprizing spirit which has accom plished so much. Singleton is going ahead. Land at the station has advanced wonderfully in price. Mr. James Hutchison sub mitted for public competition an allotment near the station gate, w ith frontage 66 feet, 170 feet, and 79 feet respectively, to three streets and a back line of 133 feet. The price realized was £160, Mr. Stephen Reynolds vendor, and Mr. Trunley purchaser. For the same vendor Mr. Hutcheson offered 33 frontage, with a depth of 220 feet to the river in John-street, with an old shop and dwelling upon it ; £170 was the highest bid, but no sale effected, as the owner put a higher reserve upon it. Horses and cattle were bringing a good advance upon late prices the same day. Rumour has it that Trunley, the purchaser of the land at the station gate, intends to ercct an hotel and luncheon saloon on the spot, so as to catch the thirsty portion of the travelling public. The trains stop 15 minutes for refreshments at Singleton, and the proposed new house would be nearly as acccssiblc as the present lcfrcshment room. Of course Mr. Trunley will ' countthe cost,' know ing, as he must do, that the chances of getting a license there are somewhat against him. Mr. Stephen Reynolds, whilst engaged in some repairs to the ceiling of his house, in John-street, on Friday last, fell, breaking his wrist and a rib. The sufferer being aged, and somewhat infiim, renders the accident the more painful, and recovery more tardy. A little son of Mr. G. Madden's, not quite three years old, met 'with a similar accident the same day by falling over a stick. A small bone in the wristrWas fractured. Dr. Head attended the sufferers. On Wednesday 9, the Newcastle Ironclad crickcters paid us a visit, and the Singleton Cricket Club put the best eleven they could find in the field to oppose them. The local men did not seem to be up to anything like last season's 'form.' The strangers first took the wickets, and by a run of good play put up 179 runs. Several high scores of which the top was Morley 51, and next T. Simons 42, were got by men who gave good catches when their scores were just beginning, but the catches were repeatedly missed by the field. As it was, 6 out of 10 were caught, one bit his own wicket and three were bowled by Fawcett. Our men set up 85 as a total first innings, 47 of which were to the credit of F. A. Fawcett. M'Alpan, the winner of the Dangar trophy for highest average of batting last season, seemed to be going'in for lowest average this year, scoring a duckcgg and a single in the two innings. Our men followed their own play, and were again disposed of for 79. Grand total 1G4. The Committee of the Northern Agricultural Association met at the Royal Hotel on Tuesday 15, and among its general business received notification from the Colonial Secretary's Oftice that the association's share of the £5000 grant amounted to £201 Is. 10d., and from the Treasury that that sum had been placed to their credit. Mr. J. 11. Smart enclosed a donation of £10, and as an acknowledgement was made a life member. Some advertising accounts were passed for payment, amounting to £5 18s. 3d. The Flower Show Sub-committee presented a report as follows ' Your sub- committee have the honour to report that they have been engaged in the task of compiling the schedule of prizes for the ensuing Flower Show, to be held on 23th Fcburary next, and they hope to have the same completed .and published before the end' of the present month. Your sub-committee beg to request, that power may be given to them to carry out all arrangements in conncction with the Flower Show, and that the names of the president (Mr. G. Ixjdcr) the treasurer (Mr. J allies Moore), Messrs. ?1. R. Smart and Edward Dixon be added to the Sub-committee ior that puipose. Your sub-committee had an interview with Mr. Alexander Munro on the subject of lighting the pavilion with gas. Mr. Munro is willing to lay on the gas ii the association will bear the cost of the pipes and labour, which would amount to about £16, in addition to which the committee would of course have to pro \idctlie fittings in thebuildmg. If the committee are disposed to agree to Mr! Munro' s terms, he wiil undertake to have- the pipes laid on by the middle of January next' The report was rec- ei red and, witli the exception of the part referring to the gas, adopted. The sub-committee were empowered to mate further inquiries a* j to tlie gas, aud to deal with the matter as they deem 'best. 71 members were reported in arrears with ihrir subswipnens. the btiin due being £W lis. The spccial meeting tn consider the pro posal of holding only one show of stot.k in the Hunter valley cash year then followed : — Mr. A. A. Dakar's letter compbiiniTic thai the meeting had not been held at an earlier date was read, and the explanation given by site president tiisl he con id not possilny Attend at an earlier date himsf It. on account of .absence from the district. Tlie matter was fully and impartially discussed upon the motion of Mr. J. It. Diaht. ?? That this meeting eonsadca-s that. it is det-irable to appoint delegates tor the purpose oi making arrangements with the other societies te hold or.lyonc stock show every year in the Hunter valley instead oi three as at present.' Alter a lengthened conversational discussion the motion was seconded pro lot ma by Mr. J. Kill and put. Mr. Dight's hand was the only one held up ior it, and the matter was suffered to drop by tlie meeting coining to a close. Thursday. November 10. free selections were taker, up. John Noyce, of Glcndonbrcok, 80 acres, comity ol Durham, pari-h oi Miramie, adjoining Jeremiah Dunn's selection on the north, his additional c.'p. made November 8, 1SS0. on the south, bounded by James Dunn's two 40-acre selections, numbered S4 and 27 on the west, and by Crown lands on the east ; James Hayes, Glendon hrook, 50 acres, county of Durham, parish of Marwood, adjoining his 40 acrcs c.p., made' in June, 1SS1, on the north, and his c.p. 'sot 40 and CO acres. Ncs. 35 and 71 on the west, and bounded by Crown lands on the east and south ; John Graham, W-ostbrook,' -county Durham, palish of Sedgefield. additional conditional purchase. Tliursdav. 17th, William Brooker, Gowangoola, 50 acres, county Durham', parish ot' Show-ton. adjoining his S20 acres c.p. on the north, bv Crown lands on the east, by Robert Russell's c.p. 320 acres on'the west, and by Crown land? on the south;CjTus William Dovlc. Goomnsoola, 200 acres, county of Durham, parish oi Shon stoiic, bounded on the south by lx- ihbridge's 1190 acres, on Die west by Robert Russell's S20 acres, on the north by William lirookci's 50 acres, as above, and on the east by Crown lands ? John Kerrigan, Singleton, 40 acres, county of Durham, parish oi Dyrring, ccmmcr.ei'ng at north comer of portion No. 40, to adjoin the northern boundary of that portion, aud the northern boundary of portion No. 26, his original conditional purchase of SO acres, and also the southern boundary of No. 31. The tobacco and maize crops have required re-planting in many parts of the district, in conscquciiee of mould, and grabs. The latter pests are playing ' old gooseberry ' with the vines where there arc not plenty of hands to pick them off. Tlie show for fiuit continues exceptionally good, and, unless some disaster occurs, the orchard owners will make a ' pot of money ' this year. A little boy named Worrell, 13 years of age, was bitten on the calf of the leg on' Monday week at Camberwell by a black snake. After he had returned from school he took off boots and stockings and tucking up his trousers, as so many country children are in the habit of doing, went off to play. Feeling that he had been bitten by .something, he looked round in time to see a biack snake making off. The boy's father, who was working near at hand, scarified the wound, 'and sucked the blood out, tying a ligature above it. The pickup train just arrived, and without delay the lad was brought into Singleton, brandy being supplied to him in the train. Dr. Read was in immediate attendance, andfreely used ammonia in the wound, aud by injection into the arm and internally. Sj mptoms of Enake poisoning were manifest, and had it not been that very prompt and decided action was taken, no doubt the life of the boy would have been lost. The patient has recovered so far as to be taken from the hospital to his own home. Seme of the wheat fields are forward enough for the sickle, and on Dunolly ' sheaves ' and ' stooks ' arc to be seen. Races at Broke, and cricket and sports at Jerry's Plains on 9th, proved cither the loyalty or the love of pleasure the people felt. The Milburn Creek scandal has sent a small wavelet of its influence as far as our electorate. Our member voted among the 40 against the Garrett motion. Some of the charitable arc disposed to think lie perhaps did not exactly comprehend the situation, but the irate are for calling upon him to vacate hi' scat in favour of a belter man. The member has ccrtainly vindicated himself from the chargc of ncglecting our interests, lie has brought before the Public Works Department the request for help in repairing the cemctcry road ; and the n uc h needed handrail upon the ugly and dangerous low-level bridge : and also the prayer for £300 help to furnish the vacant wing of the Benevolent Asylum. For the first wc have a promise of help next year ; for the second, a refusal, as the erection of a rail would involve the appointment of a man to look after the bridge. It docs not matter if a few more vehicles go over the side, nor if a few lives are lost, :md it is no help to us to know that for a small sum our inspector of nuisanccs, or common-ranger, or some such, would faithfully lower the rail and raise it before and alter floods. The improvement is not to be made. For the third request, a promise, that ' the Colonial Secretary has been invited to liavc the goodness to cause an unconditional grant of £3(10 to be placcd on the Estimates for 1882.' Wc arc glad Mr. liruwn docs not neglect these things. The tenders are, I believe, called for, or to be soon called for. for the gas connections at the post-cffice, wl.cn wc shall no doubt get the lamp outside, that is now felt to l:e a public necessary. Hie extra train which arrives at 11.30 p.m., and departs at 3.30 a m. is some convcuicncc to late travellers, but the con venience, especially lo females, would be improved upon if some better mede of exit frum the station yard could be devised. Now, 1 they who can climb must get over the ^ 7 w''). cannot must crawl through. A small wicket upon a Bering hinge, or Ecmething of that kind would be acceptable. Mr. A. A. Danger is giving cattle-breeders a chance in this district by placing ' Hillhurst's 6th Duke ' at their service. The estimated value of such public spirit on the part of the owner, is 20 guineas for cach cow — but a good thing is always cheap. Mr. John Puxty, through Mr. J. Hutchison, auctioneer, has become the purchaser of the old White Swan Hotel, comer of George and York streets, from Mr. Samuel Henry Home, jun., for £572 10s. Very heavy rains have fallen during the past fortnight, varied bv hot blustering winds and plenty of dust. 'Poor old Jenny Holland, picked up for drunkenness and fined Is., or to remain in the lockup till 12 o'clock m., has been sent where she ought to have been long ago, viz., the infirmary. Sne will there be kept clean, decently feel, and comfortably housed. A vagrant Cliinee who has caused some commotion at Broke, has teen 'run in' and sentenced to six months under Constable Hickey's care, at the Singleton lockup. Thomas Eather, of Goorahgoola, was charged by Frederick Assimus with a breach of the Impounding Act. Assimus, it appears, demanded his cattle and offered to pay damages &c.;, when they were within a mile of defendant's place. Defendant, however, persisted hi driving them to a pound 22 miles away, and for the pleasure of giving his neighbour trouble, had to pay fine 10s., professional costs £2 2s., end three witnesses at 5s. each ; total, £3 12s. 6d. Mr. Percy Waddy has been presented with his testimonial, con sisting of a dark blue enamelled and gilt drawing room clock, with suitable inscription, a pair of vases and gold pencil-case. It was hoped Mr. Waddy would be able to accept an invitation to a banquet in Singleton, where the gifts would have been presented ; but his business engagements rendering this impossible, Mr. Dibbs, the general manager of the Commercial Bank, kindly con sented to present them in Orange. Sir. Waddy has acknowledged receipt thereof in a letter full of his appreciation of the kindly feeling that prompted his Singleton friends, and of expression of regard and friendship for them. A meeting of the Municipal Council was held at the Council Chambers on Wednesday last. Among the correspondence was a letter from Mr. Alfred Morris, C.E., again declining to alter the river end of the George-strec-tdrain. Pipcsarc being laid from opposite the Post Office to the river, but the main drain will be three quarters of a mile long. A letter from the council clerk, ' Newcastle, asking if the Council pays its day labourers for all public holidays. And one from the Bathurst Council re the grievance of tlie Mayor, upon the insult offered in connection with the Bathurst Juvenile Exhibition. The following resolution was passed : ' That this council sympathise with the Mayor of Bathurst, and endorsed the action taken by that council in the matter ; and that the council clerk be instructed to convey the same.' Accounts amounting £5 lis. 3d. for printing, &c.;, were passed for payment. The Improvement Committee, maintenance overseer and common ranger presented reports, and a motion was tabled by Alderman Bennett, with a view to pre serving the timber on the common, and another calling the attention of the road superintendent of the district to the disgraceful 6tatc of the road from the boundary of the borough to the railway station gate. Votes of thanks were passed to the deputation for going to the Colonial Secretary in reference to the removal of lockup and securing recreation ground, and to record the sense of the council, of its obligation to Sir Henry Parkes for his kindness in receiving the requests of the deputation. A further addition to the number of lamps is to be sought that the town may be more efficiently lighted. The Rev. Dr. Pearson, Bishop of Newcastle, paid a visit to All Saints' yesterday, and the compliment was accorded to him of two full and attentive congregations. He urged with great point in cach of the discourses the absolute need of enlarged Christian liberality in support of the enterprises of the church. Several black snakes have been seen upon the common near to the places where tired citizens, nurses and babies, and lovers are wont to resort. Love had better not be blind there, and other people had better keep away. Saturday last witnessed a well- contested- game of crickct between the Belvideres and the second eleven of the Singleton Crickct Club. The Singletons took the wickets first, and were disposed of for 70 runs. The Belvideres began, unfortunately two wickets fell before any scoring was done, and three or four players went out in quick' succession for next to nothing. Mather, who was one of the two first at the wickets, held his bat all through the innings plaving with care and judgment, but at 65 on the board was tcmpte'd in for a leg hit, and missing the ball was given out ' leg before.' The Singletons again went to the wicketsand put up another 70. In the Belvidere's second a better start was made, Mather again proving a sticker, and carrying his bat out, Belvi deres winning with three or four wickets to spare. Towards the end of the game the bowling was fairly ' collared' and a deal of leather hunting fell to the lot of the' field, over the fence and throueli it being theorder of the day. A most important change in the arrangements of the Singleton Building Society is in contemplation, aud will be discussed at a special general 'meeting of the members on the 30th instant. 3 be meeting is called by advertisement to consider the pro priety of repealing Rule 41 and Table of Repayments, jTid to substitute tie following in lien thereof: — 1. There shall be deducted annually. from the amount paid by f-wn-v mesr.bex holding advanced shares, interest upon the amount fwinc to tic society, st the rate of £7 per cent, per annum, during the trst Hi years' cmrenry thereof, and at the rate of £(- lo?.. pre- e-ennnn jicr anaum. during ihe remaining term thereof. And xht baicncc o: aD such payments arter such deduction shall ii e nlaee/l t/j the racdit of every such holder of sdvanc-ed shares. The tntw-csl ior the first rear of the loan shall be charged upon the nmount due irran the member at the time oi the Board CTTi-nrinp tlie advance, and for every subsequent year on the balance due at the canaatatmnmai thereof. 2. To consider a new Tabic of Repayments in aceordfoce with the proposed new rule. R. To -consider the following newraie to be then submitted for i rio prion, namely. — ' That every member holding advanced ?hares, pa* ine the sum of £25. or* any multiple thereof, on any of the dav.- appointed ror the receipt of redemption moneys, shall cy-lv be required to pay in redemption of the remaining advanced shares, during the subsequent duration of his loan, such a sum r.s would hare been payable had the loan been originally granted, los^ such i-i:m sorepaid.'' The passingof these new regulations, it is believed, will render the society far more efficient for the put pcscs oi its c-xistencc. 