CRICKET, ORIOKET CHATTER. Bt Felix. in last weeaa issue of this nanar "A Member of the M.C.C." attributes t&> great decline of public interest in club cricketto the matches played b7 the Australian Eleven. I do not think that anyone will gainsay him in this; for there can be no doubt that ever since the first, Australian Eleven banded together a noticeable falling-off has takln I place in the attendance at club contests, the reason being, of course, that the public, I haying had so much firsUlasB cricket, wSi not go to see second-class cricket. But. whilst Reposed to agree with ■■ A Member of the M.C.C. so far, l must confess I differ from him to some extent in the remaining portion of his etter. It may be, as he states? that "Australianelevens have very nearly come to the end of their tether," but I do not think it IB quite correct to say «' they are regarded with no friendly eye at home " It is true that the present team were given the cold Bhoulder on then arrival in the old country, and for some time afterwards: but we all know how it arose-viz., through the public mind at home having become imbued with a false notion of the conduct of Aus tralian cricketers on that memorable occa sion in Sydney when Lord Harris cut so dis tinguished a figure by keeping at bay, with the aid of a solitary stump, some thousands of Sydneyites, and when, mirabite dktu. he escaped with only a Bly kick or two. Syste matic misrepresentation and exaggeration of I that unfortunate occurrence had done their work bo well that when the Australians reached England they were regarded aB some thing to be carefully avoided and kept at a distance. Gradually, however, by taking no notice of all the hard things that were said of them, by their gentlemanly demeanour both in the cricket-field and out of it, and by their undoubted skill in the game, our fellows managed to live down the baa name which had been most undeaervedly given to them and to bring about a complete change of feel ing in their favour. All the mud-throwing I ceased; the papers teemed with compli mentary notices, and the attendance, in con sequence, increased at each match until the culminating point was reached at the repre sentative contest Australia against England at Kennington Oval, when upwards of 30,000 Britishers assembled the first day, and by their impartial and hearty applause clearly showed that they looked upon Australians with anything but an unfriendly eye. Add to this the Mansion-house banquet (one of the highest honours that could be conferred mpon the team), the luncheon at the'Holborn Viaduct Hotel, and the tenour of the speeches delivered on each occasion; note, also, the many wiBheB since expressed that another ■ team might go home in 1882, and let me, gentle reader of my chatter, ask what iB your in-| ference ? Surely it must be that there is i nothing now but genuine good will between the English cricket public and ourselves, and that the English tour, which at its inception promised so badly, wound up in a perfect blaze of glory. As to the English professionals, they may or may not" hate the very mention of Aus tralians." But whether they do or do not, I fail to see, except perhaps in the case of the United South of England Eleven, that they are at all out of pocket by reason of the presence in England of an Australian Eleven. On the contrary, I think the > Australian Eleven matches give a great number of them several extra guineas to jingle in their pockets, for whilst their county pays them £5 per man for a match the Australian Eleven have to shell out four times that amount per man. I It seems to me, therefore, that instead of i having anything to grumble about, the pro fessional is actually in clover during the visit1 of an Australian eleven. Granting, as " A Member of the M.C.C." puts it, that the pro fessionals feel envious of the various acts of j kindness and hospitality shown to the Aus tralians as well as of their pecuniary success, and hllowing also that the gentlemen of Eng land don't care for colonials, I still fail to see bow this could affect future Australian elevens so long aB the public' at home think well and favourably of our men. Of course it would be another matter altogether if the professionals and gentlemen refused to meet our men, but 'such a contingency is very re mote. _ Coming now to the last part of the mem ber's letter, I have no doubt it would be agood thing if the cricket associations could take the management of theBe trips in hand, and do away with the speculative aspect of the game; but 1 fear the plan will never work. I dare -say a team might be got up to go as " amateurs with expenses?' or as " profes sionals with extra pay for profits," but I feel quite oonvinced neither would be even a fairly representative team, and that no first class eleven will go except on the same con ditions as heretofore; that is by forming themselves into a sort of joint-stock company, in which each man puts down so much to form a nucleus of a fund, and then have share and -share alike in the profits if there be any. And depend upon it if a first-class team should go to theold country again, as very likely will be the case, they will oomeback, if not with "a hatful of money," at least with a shot in the locker. So loiig; as tbey show good cricket so long will the British public stick to them and' pay their Shillings, and applaud and admire them. The true Britisher will always appro ciate anything that is genuine and first-class in sporting. It is this that causes him to idolise Laycock and Hanlan, and it is this I that caused the poor Durham colliers to send I their day's wages to Laycock to aid him in I raising the amount for his match against -Hanlan. 1 Mr. ID.i Campbell haa choaen the following thirteen for the Intercolonial match against I Hew South Wales :—Messrs. Allan, W. H. f Cooper, •Conlttiard, Edwards, Elliott, Horan, Mackoy, ICShane, Midwinter,. Mosgrore. Tobin. Tnnnick and Walton. They will leave for Sydney on the 9th by the afternoon train. Aa usual there has been a good lot of ; talk over the selection, and opinions have been expressed on all aidea that the Rich mond club haa bean very badly treated, in aamuch as not one of ita many capital players I haa been given a show. I most say I think Msinon, of that club, has very goodcauae of < oomplaintat being left out in the cold, for bis i performances so for this season with the baU are splendid, and his batting average is quite ! •first class. He ia also aa exoellent field, and at present is in his very best form. It cannot j be doubted that he is tut and away a better I man than Trinnick, who this season seems to be completely off his play. Mainon has a most peculiar and puzzling style of bowling, with a capital work either way, and he is always well on the spot To my inind he should' certainly have been choaen, fori feel persuaded his is just the sort of howling the Sydney men do not like. On Saturday he sooreaffff not out egeinet 8t Eildaby sound 'batting, and he gave only one chanpe. .In tbiamatoh the St. Eilda menhaden after noon's; hard leather hunting, the Richmond putting together 856 runs for seven wicketa in about throe houre. In addition to btainou's score, Turner played a faultless innings of 88, whidh included font hits for five each. Bury in hia neat style contributed 66\. and Freeman though he gave a chance played well for- 88. The St. Hilda bowling was very fair, bnt the splendid wicket which had been prepared took all the "devil" out of it. The fielding wasnotatall np to themarh. East Melbourne, playing one manshort, kept possession of the wickets against Carlton nntil within a few minnteB of the time firefl for drawing the stnmpB. The total was 215 of which Aliee by good free play made 63* Healy coming next with a very steadily made 35\. Rickman played vigorously and well for 30, and Walshe 21, and M'Shane 20 not out deBervea wordofpraiBe for their respective contributions. Walters was the most suc cessful bowler, five wickets falling to him for 47 runs. The fielding was good all round. T. J. D. Kelly appears to be back into his old form once more, his 84- against South Melbourne having been made in excellent style and with very much of the old dash aid brilliance of this noted player. Coulthari's 64 was a creditable performance, and Foot 39 and Dunne 22 earned their runs by good cricket. J. Minchin bowled capitally, and took seven wickets for 66. The fielding of the Sonth was wretched, and they sally missed their crack trundler, W. EL Cooper, who was unavoidably absent. At call of tine the South had loBt one wicket for 8. The experiment waB made in thiB match of pitih ing the wickets north and south to avoid the bad light, and the result was so successful that all first- class matches will in future be played with the Wickets pitched in the new position. Ballarat sent a weak team to Sandhurst on Saturday and met with a crushing defeat, the visitors making only 68 against 250 realsed by Sandhurst, for whom Mackay, by a mas terly display of batting, Bcored 85. Camp bell played a sound and vigorous inningi for 43: M'Anulty made 41 in good style, and Kid winter hit hard for 31. For Ballarat Lavler 19, and Coulsell 11 were the only doible figures. Manalick took five wickets fo» 13 and Midwinter four for 32, three of tiem being caught and bowled. The second of Carlton totted up 18) at Jolimont against the second of the Bast. Browning showed good form for 78, hi;, leg hitting Deing really A1, and Jonee by genuine cricket scored 40. I wonder why the latter doesn't get a trial in the first eleven. The East, for whom Robertson fielded magni ficently, have lost two wickets for 28; but as the captain has still to bat they have sttong hopeB of heading their opponents' total. It should be mentioned that O'Hanlon kept wicket splendidly, and that Mbrres bowled in fine fettle and Becnred five wickets for 46' on a first-clasB wicket. Two other East Mel bourne teams went out, but they each cit a sorry fignre, making at Malvern onlj 28 against 126 and at Hotham 33 against 133. Evidently D. Wilson, of the East, was tlto gether out of form in this Hotham match, for if it were not so how could his Bide kave made such a small score? For Hotham. Tankard 36, M'Candlish 28, Dillon 21, ana Robertson 20 batted well, and O'Brieniand M'Lean bowled capitally, the former taking six for 14, and the latter three for 16. The Bohemians enjoyed their tour through the Western District immensely. After de feating Warmambool so easily, they travelled to Camperdown, and, though headed ot the first innings, won the match with five wickets to spare. J. Callen 61 and 12, Henry 34, M'Arthur 25 (not out), and Thornton 26 played well for Camperdownwhile FSnnessy 51 and 21, A. Loughnan 31 and 35, and A. F. Robinson 35 (not out), were the principal per formers for Bohemia. The Camperdown club is one of the best in the country dis tricts, possesses a capital ground with a first class wicket, and thanks to the energy of Mr. Thornton and others can turn out a very good team. It is strange that our metropolitan clubB so seldom pay them a visit, for the hospitable Camperaonians always accord a hearty welcome and give a capital match. The closing match of the trip was played I against 15 of Colac, and the local players managed to score a win on the first innings by 36 runs, the scores being—Bohemia, 103; Colac, 139. Last week I stated that the Australian Eleven won their match against 22 of Oamaru by 10 wickets, but from information now to hand I leam that the game resulted in a draw altogether in favour of the Eleven, who had no wickets down and only seven runs to get when time was called. The Eleven have defeated fifteen of Canter bury with consummate ease, the local men not having the ghost of a chance, though I have heard they fancied themselves so much that they wiBhed at one time to play on level terms. Doubtless this feeling of con fidence arose from the fact that they managed, on a bad wicket, to defeat the first Australian Eleven. Since that rime, however, they have formed a new ground, with excellent wickets, and have, in consequence, in their match with the Eleven, sustained a crushing defeat by an innings and 100 runs. Indifferent players on a bad wicket are almost as effec tive as first-class men; but put both on a really good wicket ana the first- class men have it all their own way. Of the 328 made bv the Eleven Murdoch contributed the splendid score of 11L Tobin, of M.C.C. and Bohemia, glayed instead of Monle, who, owing to ma injured hand, was unable to take part in the match. The second of South Melbourne soored 165 against tke second of Melbourne, who, when the BtumpB were drawn, had lost two wickets due for 26. <nittee is Messrs. Mnsgrove, Trinnick, and Tobin, rf may be the intercolomal thirteen,, being unable _ So to S;dney, Mr. D. Campbell has chofE le " * " " " [easts. Healy, Kelly, and Rickman tr tbe vacancies in the team. It is 1? neceeaaiy to add that much emprise i^' the Richmond Club being still ignoien ~ 