ACTA POPULI. BY THE FLANEUR. It's all up with Pope Leo this time. The Herald's Rome correspondent (writing from Pitt- street North) says another remarkable speech, brimful of complaints, has been made; and yet what has this Pope to complain of? Nothing — absolutely nothing. True (this writer continues), the Pope has had his lands sequestrated (which is a genteel term for stolen), his property and moneys havo been appropriated by tho Govern- ment; schools directly opposed to his teachings are fostered and encouraged in every possible way at the Catholic State's expense, and the liberty of his speech and actions curtailed; but what has he got to complain about? He may be robbed right and left, and almost imprisoned ; but supposing he is, what on earth has he got to complain about? This is the point which upsets the Pitt-street Roman's digestion, and that of many other enlightened persons also. I notice, however,that when these indignant parties happen to be "wolfing" their cheap feeds , at the Coffee Palace, the man who appropriates their mustard or sequestrates the sauce botlle has a shower of abuse heaped upon him that causes him to wish the earth would open up and swallow him; and yet those are the very philan- thropists who cannot see what an injured man like the present Pope has got to complain about. By this time, no doubt, the Herald's philippic has shook the Vatican to its very centre, and the sooner Pope Leo acts on Granny's advice, and subscribes to the Herald also, the bettor it will be for himself and the Eternal City. The Herald ia, however, pleased to find that the suggestions given to the Italian authorities in their last homily have been wisely acted on; and this alone will prove that Davy Buchanan doesn't possess exactly all the cheek that is at present going the rounds of the southern hemisphere. In another part of this Munchausen-like epistle we are told "Garibaldi's face beams and smiles as usual, his triumphal marches are accompanied with bands of music, flowers, banners, guilds, and the people hang on the words of the great hero of Italy's regeneration. "That's all right; but how did it come to pass that Garibaldi, the smiling hero, &c;, was acttially kicked out when he ran for the commonplace ballot of Civic Alder- man? There was no whooping about that day, no bands or flowers jostled him then, and the smile on his beaming countenance was pretty much thoe same as that on a George-street rat's when his tail is entangled in the teeth of one of Eastway's traps. The man who has not influence enough to become an alderman isn't popular enough to run a skittle alley; and all this bolstering up simply proves Garibaldi's race is run, and his sun has set. Viva! Papa Leo. It is scarcely too much to say that tho re-elec- tion of Sir George Wigram Allen as Speaker is not looked upon by every member of the House with the same feelings. There are some patriots who think it is about time Sir George took a back seat, and allowed some one else to chalk his name on the blazing scroll of fame, or at least to draw the salary. Again, the very title of Speaker at once suggests the thunders of the irrepressible David, or the melodious long-drawn out sweetness of the immortal Ninian; and if it comes to a simple question of who can best fill the chair, why our portly friend John Lucas can distance all opponents without turning a single hair. Now that our army of patriots has been so much in- creased; it will be a matter of trouble for those who are not smart on their feet to get a show at all, and some means should be at once devised for facilitating business and staying all unseemly interruptions. The means I would suggest are a double-barrelled gun and plenty of good ball cartridges. This is the Texan plan, and it fre- quently has an exceedingly happy effect. Over there a speaker once rose and said, "Sir, I be- lieve I am in order. If you say 'let out,' out I lets it; but if you say 'squat,' down I squats like a bag of bricks, Sir." The Speaker gravely reached for his rifle, covered the hon. patriot, and simply said, 'Squat.' The member squatted. How beautiful! and how well it would work during the coming session. The way it happened is this. Four or five excited talented politicians tumble out of Uhde's bar, perch themselves on the kerbing, and set to work at once discussing the Dulcigno business, and the state of British affairs in the East in general. It is New Year's Day; they are all togged out in their best clothes, and Solomon himself would have a hard fight to keep up his reputation in their genteel society. They stand on the very edge of the gutter with their backs to the street, and presently the whole atmosphere of that locality is filled with "Gladstone's policy, Disraeli's timidity, the Porte's duplicity, and a mixture of politics, schnapps, and three star" that would upset the stomach of even a Chinese carpenter. Presently a quiet, subdued-looking, tank- like cart comes along, and backs up in a harmless sort of way, exactly behind the wrapt up politicians. The driver is a thoughtful, melancholy sort of person, and he sits on the shaft and pulls away at a dirty black pipe, as utterly regardless of Dulcigno as Dulcigno is of him. The politicians, however, are becoming more and more excited; hot words are used, the fat man with the white waistcoat declares Disraeli's policy was suicidal in the extreme, and the thin man with the bed-tick pants says Gladstone is nothing better than a howling "jingo;" all hands talk together, they stamp and gesticulate as if they owned Dulcigno, and the Sublime Porte wanted to run a railroad through it; everything is at its highest pitch, when suddenly the melancholy man on the cart pulls out a plug, and in two seconds the whole caboodle of the politicians are soaked from head to foot with salt water. This turns the subject of their conversation for a time, and the man with the street watering cart drives slowly off under a, volley of "cuss words" that would raise the hair even on Governor Bourke's old statue. Salt water is not a success — at least not on the Sunday clothes of excited politicians. Signs of the breaking up of the present drought are at length amongst us. Five drops of rain fell on Thursday last, and a terrific storm and deluge, lasting ten seconds, broke over North Shore, but fortunately without doing much more damage than annoying a few flies who happened to be holding a social picnic on a side of Thompson's beef. Seriously speaking, a vote of censure should be immediately passed on the Clerk of the Weather, who is evidently neglecting his business through the festivities of the season. If rain does not come soon, and in a much larger quan- tity than five drops to every fifty miles, our teetotal societies will be in a bad way indeed, as their supporters will be forced to accept one of the two alternatives, "long beers" or long burials — Charley Roberts or Ninian Melville — who will top the next poll if the drought con- tinues. I have always been in doubt whether a person who encourages music, and attempts to place it within the reach of all, should be considered as a public benefactor, or a public malefactor. Mr. Gus Huenerbein is evidently one of the two, as he has just opened about one of the handsomest show rooms in Sydney, and stocked it with a col- lection of pianos, organs, harmoniums, &c;, from the celebrated foundries of Bluthner, Schwechten, Biese, and other buccaneers with like ungodly names, that I have never seen surpassed, since David played before the Ark. Gus is the very Chesterfield of musicians also, and rather than disappoint a lady customer I have heard he fre- quently gives a cabinet organ for nothing when they haven't the moans to pay, and throws in a stool and a photo of himself us well. The Royal Pianoforte Warehouse, 411 George-street, is the spot where Gus hangs out, and having a know- ledge of the superiority of his wares, I can honestly recommend them to all who feel a desire to have the silvery chimes of "Grandfather's Clock," or the soothing tones of 'Nancy Lee,' or the 'Babies on our Block,' scooting about their respective homesteads. I do not know of a hand- somer present that a young gentleman can give to a young lady than a 250 guinea 'Bluthner,' and I don't think I know of one that is scarcer either. However, Gus has them from five and twenty shillings, and that's a price that even a Scotchman wouldn't haggle over. Mr. Dalley's late remarks respecting the in- congruity of opening a University with a military display, instead of prayer, reminds me that it may interest some of our junior readers to hear our own bright southern land was really opened in a similar way. On the 26th of January 1788, Governor Phillip formally took possession of this colony; the English flag was hoisted, and saluted with a round of musketry; the Royal pro- clamation was read, and then all hands trooped off to a gubernatorial spread, which was followed by a series of immoral excesses that perhaps it would not be advisable to refer to on a larger scale. This was the baptism of New South Wales. The Rev. Mr. Johnson was at hand to enable the new lords of the soil to assume a virtue if they had it not, but they were probably too honest to assumo anything which they did not own, and so the crowd called out for more rum while Mr. Johnson took a back aeat and enjoyed a holiday. By the following Sunday, however, the nobility became slightly soberer, and prayers were offered up for the first time under the southern skies in a room in Govern- ment House. These proceedings highly amused a Spanish captain then in port, and being asked where the laugh came in, the Don politely replied that it was the custom of his country to honour its God first, and its Government after. Upon which, no doubt, the blue-bloodod Briton stroked his beard, and replied, "Aw weally now, how stwange— quite intewesting — but awfully bad form, you know — quite behind the age — Au revoir." During my brief but eventful career I have seen the temple of Solomon, the hanging garden at Babylon, the mosque of St. Sophia, the gorgeous palace of Augustus Caesar, the Tuilleries, the Crystal Palace, the Melbourne Exhibition, and Dan Cooper's stores in Market-street, but I have not yet seen anything to equal the glittering splendour and the exquisite taste of the Gaiety Theatre (Guild Hall). No pen and ink descrip- tion can convey the faintest idea of its comfort and beauty, and, like Cockle's pills, one trial is enough to convince the most sceptical of its undoubted merit. The scenery is from the pot and brush of Mr. W. J. Wilson, an artist that certainly has never been surpassed in his line this side of the equator; and the decorations by Messrs. Lyons and M'Ewen, of Castle- reagh-street, are far and away ahead of anything Sydney has over seen before. The pit is equal in ease and elegance to a front seat in old Sweden- borg's Celestial Arcana; the balcony stalls are as good as a chair at Windsor Castle table on Queen's Birthday; and the orchestral stalls are too awfully lovely to be described by the words of sinful man. I believe there is also music in the Gaiety, and a play of gome sort going on, but although I have been there three times I have never heard either. The genial Cox has always insisted on my taking a front chair; and, perched in one of these, it is impossible to pay attention to anything else around. I simply sit revelling in voluptuous ease, and dream I am Haroun Alraschid or Mahomet, or Shalmanezzer, or some other old heathen god, and, as the Herald's Sappho used to say — 'Ambrosial scents are wafted all around, celestial music fills my ravished ear, my senses are steeped in rapturous oblivion and my spirit floats on angelic wings far past the ether sea, and at length enters the gate of the sweet Elysian fields.' If a boy came past with a basket then, and remarked, 'ginger beer and a bill,' I'd have him scalped immediately. Seri- ously, I would advise all our country friends to visit this theatre, even if they have to walk home again. Nothing like it has ever been seen in New South Wales, and the company playing there now is the best amongst us. Mr. Bayless, Augustus- like, found Sydney theatres built of brick, but he has left at least one of marble, and his and Mr. Solomon's plucky venture deserves the support of all. I have often wondered what the average poor toiling family would do without its dogs. No matter if the children are in rags, and the parents cannot tell where to look for a crust of bread, the family will still have its dogs, and I have known some families so poor that they have had to keep as many as nine and ten of them. The dingo would seem to be one of the necessaries of life with the poor, and therefore deserves encourage- ment. Besides, troops of these mangy mongrels can tell when a horseman is in their district with marvellous exactness, and by dexterously winding themselves round the horse's legs, quite frequently turn over the lot, and bring joy and shillings to the careful undertakers. In the lands of the Sultan and Shah the term bazaar is applied to those marvellous marts where the glittering costly wares of the East are exposed for public sale. In our democratic land, however, we use the term in a far more liberal sense, and when Mr. John Smith rents a little shanty 10 x 12 and adorns the front; window with a few knots of tape, a bottle of dusty, rusty lollies, which were probably soft when Caesar went to the nonsec- tarian day schools of ancient Rome; a string of boot-laces, two or three cakes of tin- tag tobacco, and perhaps a second-hand concer- tina, he is quite at liberty to write up in letters a yard high 'Smith's Grand Bazaar,' and to give himself all the airs of a Pacha with three tails. There, the word bazaar itself is a noun, and literally means a shop; but with us it is a sort of verb, and means to obtain moneys by entreaties, bribery, force, love, robbery, arson, murder, or any other means which may suggest itself. Those who run bazaars evidently appre- ciate the saying — Charity covereth a multitude of sins; and, as the end justifies the means, those who sneer or cavil at a bazaar to raise funds for a church or a charity must be of narrow minds and shrunken souls indeed. As a rule, it is only the man who invests a shilling in a bazaar lottery and fails to draw a £250 piano, or a buggy and pair, who grumbles; and it is therefore scarcely fair to pay much heed to his complaints, as his judgment is considerably warped by prejudice. Show me the land where there are no bazaars, and I will show you a land where there is no charity. Their presence is a sign of civilization, and their patronage is the duty of all denominations. The excitement of a bazaar is always healthy, and to many with a delicate constitution and a plethoric purse it is invaluable. In spite of all these recommendations, however, we frequently find these praiseworthy institutions strongly con- demned, and in fact I once heard a Christian man declare he would never patronize a bazaar while he had enough money left to hire a man to rob him openly in the time-honoured fashion of Claud Du Val and Jack Shepherd. Sara Bernhardt, the celebrated European actress, has recently visited the land of peanuts and presidents, and well nigh had to perform what is called the 'oyster ' part in that pro- gressive district, that is to say she was almost driven to open and shut the same night. Sara, I imagine, belongs to the new school of actresses, a school that has at last succeeded in reducing the glorious impersonations of a Siddons, a Eistori, and a Dargon to the level of a set of dressmaker's dummies. Shakespeare, Sheridan, Racine, and Co. are now played out, and in their stead we have Worth and the other man- milliners of the French capital. No one cares a dump how Virginia pleads, how Medea storms, or how Lady Teazle chats in these days, so long as the players have a wardrobe large enough to stock a young exhibition, and can change their clothes, from their slippers to their necklet, at least five times In every act. Ophelia now must have a dress, to see my Lord Hamlet in, and another in which to visit her Royal liege; another to drown herself in, and another for the 'crowner's quest' to sit on her; and provided she can muster these, it matters not if she speaks Shakespeare's lines, or those of Phil McCarroll. However, Sara may visit Sydney someday, and perhaps it will be as well to let her down till then. She is described as being a small woman, with a lovely voice, and enough hair to stock a mattress, and it is also reported she has been admired by the Prince of Wabs, and that her shapely form is about as thin as a politician's promise, or picnic gingerbeer. Adieu, Sara Pensez a moi. He was a man who had seen better days (about the carboniferous period), and he sat on one of the Park seats with his hands tightly pressed across his epigastrium, and a look on his face like unto that of a man who had seen a ghost, or who had eaten a hearty cucumber and lobster supper the night preceding. Presently a pious tract hawker passed that way, whose breast was filled with the blessed thoughts, and whose beard was filled with scraps of cheese and biscuits. He had a ton of tracts in one hand, and a gingham in the other that was probably new when Ccesar whacked the Britons. The man on the seat was in distress, and he would at once console him. Stepping briefly over he laid his tract-laden hand on the stranger's head, and said in solemn tones, 'My Kerrishtyin friend, have you got religion?' ' Well I'll be blest if I know, Mister,' returned the weary soul, 'it mebbe religion as you say, but I'm in clined to think myself it's worms.' Then he of the tracts made tracks, and there the subject ended. WTff.'.TI'l'f.ff llnK H.U.tf IILJL M J1-*. IIm'I.II I . If I W V. fliiWH- mwill'.ll Illl lll.ll I J ? 