ELIAS LAYCOCK, THE SCULLER TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-It may be remembered that upon toe news of the projected match between Laycock and Hanlon becoming known in Sydney a meeting was at onco called, and the sum of £350 subscribed and telegraphed home to be applied in part payment of Laycock's Staues the amount was duly I received, and Laycock now desires to expiess his gratitude [ to those of his Sydnoy friends who caine to the rescue. But for it the race would probably have fallen through, and, he adds, that the kindness was far greater than he ever ven- tured to expect. Writing of Trickett's race with Ross, ha says :-" Poor old Ned has had moro bad luck. He rowed and beat Ross as fair as over man did in this world. JuBt after passing Hammersmith. Bridge Boss «îased up, and! ! both fouled. Ned stopped, and lot him go on, so that Rosaj got by far tho best or it. Ned then went in chase, «ind! pawed him, corning in first ; but Mr. Ireland, the imipira (who, it appeaii, did not tea the foul), ordered the mea to be rowed over again. As soon as he uttered tho1 words I almost gavu up the ghost, tor Ned looked dreadfully bad, and I fancied ho would got worse, which he did ; that was on tho Monday, and the lace was to bo rowed oif on tho following Saturday, Ned and I went down to Eastbourne, to see if tho seaside would revive 1dm; bat it waa no use, ho got worse, and was very bad indeed on Tuesday night. We stopped there until FiMay, but without any improvement; ho revived a little on Saturday, but was anything but fit to row a hard race. You know the result. Ile is getting bettor now, but does not feel inclined to row again in üngumd. Ross ia so elated at beating him that he has challenged mo in to- day's Sportsman to row in eight weeks for £200 a3ido. I have answered that I will row in ionr or livo weeks for £200. Be- fore I meet Hanlnn I should Uko to have another go at him. We had very cold weathoi a short time back ; but the lost! fortnight has been beautiful, quite warm enouuh. for any- thing ; but all around here looks quito desolate, and the leafless trees give everything a dreary aspect. I have had a short spell, but must go m for haid work again. After losing so much, it is hard to tuckia it again and have to ga over the same ground. Our trip to Eastbourne was a pleasant change from old foggy Thames. To-mor- row I am oif to the Tyne ugnin, to get another boat built,' and will spend a few "days among tho Geordies, who are; clean gone on hoat racing.' ' Of his prospects in the coming) rftco with Hanlan ho is silent; but his modest desire to meet ?Ross " one woek before the great event " conveys its own meaning, and one hardly knows whether to be astounded oi amused at the profound indiiferenco with which he treat« Buch matters. 'Chough ho intends sticking to the champion until he has successfully or unsuccessfully measured blade* with him, yet he is most anxious to return home again-j And now, I" would ask, is it not time that steps should bo IltKeU lUUJUOlUVni 1UUUUCI ¡.V 10UIÜUI'D "Ul UJUUIBTUUIU « prowess and untlinching determination ? It is needless tor .repeat the circumstances of his voyage home, his troubles, upon his arrival in England, and his subsequent raceSj there ; but who can read of his victory in the Hop Bitters race, tritely described as the finest and mort colebrated o^ .contests that'have ever been witnessed on tho now historio). «ourse of oíd Thames, and not feel a glow of enthusiasm] and pride that tho winner was bred and bora in this remota, . corner of our Australia ? Though the once-neglected Shark '"Islander has found it necessary to travel 16,000 miles toj , fight ¿is- way to the hearts of his fellow countrymen, heit atlast properly understood, and it would be well to.show] "him that we are grateful for his services. Apart from.the! wanderings of boat-racing enthusiasts, such as myself, wej . may perhaps look at Laycock demonstrating, at the very. ' home of the race'from whence he sprang, that its sons BUU' ? retain these 'rare-' qualities which have made their sires sol famous. < I would conclude with, .the following, extract, from;the) -Loudon Sportsman of 20th November, 1880, in a leading article common ting upon the projected mco between Laycock and Hanlnn :-" ' I am well,' udds Laycock in his bluff hoarty fashion ; ' and though I am not sucha fast puller as) /.Trickett, let mo show HanJan and the British public that tho Australians can pull well enough to prevent, any-j one playing with them ou their journey.' Pusil-j lanimous friends have urged him not to attempt ¡ a match against such a redoubtable oarsman «g Hanlaa, pointing out ¿hat it will be batter for him to.go home with the credit of four successive victories than risk a winding-* up defeat. But tho brave-hearted Shark Islander is ln-1 flexible. He desires one moro cut-in for Australia, and! . that he is prepared to make if only the slightest-chance isj aflorded. As we have aheady said, his patriotism and! valour ure admirable in the extremo, and must command tho,' widest Tcspect und applause. Wore the match to take place, and-Laycock to sustain dotent, we feel positively certain tha$ ho would bo heartily greeted right from Mortlake to Putney -?"on the lourney home, just because he demonstrated such 'loyalty to a defeated conjrerc, and such an abiding jealousy for the honour of his country. What would happen wera :hoto prove victorious it would ho difficult to guesB.'' But still we must not forget ultogether our unfortunata Sours obediently, I but faithful Ned Trickett. J January 27. ^^_CHARON. RUSSIA'S I'UTUSE RULER.-"What may be ia store for Turkey, Germany, or Austria- indeed, for Great Britain itsolf (says tho London Telegraph), from the moment the helm of the Russian State ship snail be con- fided to tho vigorous grasp of Alexander Alexandrovich, no man can say. Tho Oaarovicli is a Prince cast in a very different mould from that which shaped his weak, amiable, easily influenced siro. Ho is known to entertain fixed -.opinions, resolves, and projects, and to adhere to them with 'oil tho tenuoity oi a singularly determined and solf relying nature. Of his lcrvent faith in the Pansla vistio dogmas no doubt has been entertained since ho carno to manhood by those who know him best ; and his antipathy to all German men and things is no /lets notorious than his sywputhy with the attractive , qualities of the french nation. Ho is believed by his oountryinen to be before all elso a true and uncompromising Russian patriot; to hold in horror tho system of peculation, bribery, und administrativo fraud that has honeycombed tho Empire during the last two reigns, and brought it to ,, the blink of ruin ; to havo set his face in particular against /abuses 'of thoir high station practised hitherto with im- punity by certain of hiB own near relatives, and to have bowed himself to the mission, as far as the internal affairs of .bia native land ure concerned, of extirpating, root ant] branch, the countless abominations-tolerated by his father, '.with what íosidt tho Nihilistic movement has only ' too «'terribly demonstrated. The Russian Crown Prince, undet whatever title he may nssumo tho active government of hil Imperial heritage, co-regent or other, is generally expected to como forward ¡is a radical reformer at home, and as a, vigorous promoter of the Pansiavistio programme abroad. \ Should ho realizo the anticipations at present entertained on his account, it is moro than probable that Russia's neigh- . 'hours in Europe and Asia will, m tho courso of a few years to como, find ampio reason to rogrot tho romantic unloU'that is riboutto lead to Aloxandor NIcoIaievlblC'sreBUnWaUoa'of '' Imuprial sway, in favour of ^¡Jcsandor Alexandravich^ 