She Brisbane (Bonna r-l^LÍ-il-.D IMILI Thursday, July 21, 1881. The employment of Mr. F. Cooper to prepare a digea:, with index, of the public statutes of the colony has been brought prominently before the public by the questions pat in regard to it on two suc cfeisire dava by the leader of the Opposi- tion. The practice of paying fees to legal members cj Parliament is undoubtedly a bad one, bat it ha?, the sanction of usage, at least to some extent, and ii is admitted that occasions might arise in which the Government would, in an action at law, be placed at a. serióos disadvantage were they prohibited by statute from en- trusting the interest? of the Grown to any counsel who was a member of either House of Parliament for the time being. In such a case, therefore, the Govern- ment would have the alternative before them of either sacrificing the public interesta by retaining inefficient counsel, or of violating a wholesome if not impera- tive rule for preserving the purity of the Legislature. It is true that during last session a declaratory motion referring to this subject wa3 introduced by Mr. Morehead, and passed through the Legislative Assembly after little dis- cussion without division. But that motion simply expressed an opinion, and according to the best authorities did not bind Ministers after the closeof the session. The motion was defective in two ways. It affirmed that something, not then prohi- bited either by law or custom, ought not to be doce, but it did not invite the con- currence of the co-ordinate branch of the Legislature, nor did it affirm the desirable- ness of dealing with the subject by means of a bill. On the latter ground, no doubt, the motion was allowed to pass without opposition. It was evidently regarded as a pure abstraction, and as one of the items requisite to make up an entertaining Thursday night's programme. In lö79, when Mr. Douglas introduced a similar motion, he added, " That a bill be intro- duced to give effect to the above resolu- tion," the legal members voted against it in a body, and they would have probably done tbe same last year had Mr. More head's motion been followed by an equally practical clause. "We have before referred to the ineffi cacy of one Chamber parsing a resolution of this nature, because itaffects the principle recognised by the Constitution Act of the representative of the Government in the Legislative Council being assisted by a limited number of official members. We do not persevere in this contention out of regard to the interests of the present or any other Ministry, but simply because of the imminent risk of valuable measures being lost in tho Council by reason of the lukewarm support often afforded by irresponsible legislators to the solitary member who represents the Government in that Chamber. Let us suppose that after a prolonged agitation outside and protracted delibera- tion in the Assembly a popular measure had been laboriously passed through that Chamber by the Ministry of the day, and that, meeting with virulent opposition in the Council from one side of the House, and little support on the other, the Post- master-General was obliged to abandon it, would not the want of Government influ- ence in the nominated Chamber be a serious misfortune? Tbe ordinary mem- bers of the Council are appointed for life; they are not responsible to constituents, to the Queen, or to her Ministers for tho timebeing. No power, exceptthatof arevo lution, eau deprive them of their seats and privileges, save with their own consent. Under these circumstances is it not a wise provision of the Constitution Act that there shall bo a small body of official members upon whom the Government as a committee of the majority in the representative Chamber-can exercise soino influence for the time being 1 In the Assembly, Ministers, comprising nearly one-tenth of the whole number of mem- bers, and practically about onosoventh of the average number present at divisions, vote together on all Government ques- tions, but in the Council there is no such compact body. Every member does as he thinks fit, and it not unfrequently occurs that the Postmaster-General, through the whims of his supporters, finds himself placed in a minority of one on an important public question, although ho may have a large majority of members who rank as Government supporters. Wo contend that, so far from the official raonibers im- pairing the efficiency of the Council or obstructing necessary measures of reform, they aro tho only constitutional means at present available to tho Govern- ment of tho day of carrying through measures distasteful to the Conservativo party. Wore Mr. Griffith to attain tho Premiership to-morrow, ho would in all probability find his first great measure of reform rejected by the Conservative majority in the Council, just as tho Liberal party's Land Bill was rejected by that Chamber in the year 187-1. This goes to show the impolicy of one House seeking to repeal statutes by simple resolutions, and the imperativo necessity of all such questions being settled by means of bills paused by both Houses before any varia- tion in practico is insisted upon with re- spect to thom. With regard to the employment of Mr. Cooper, it will certainly dcvolvo upon Ministers to show that they had reason- able grounds for selecting him to do the important work of statutory revision. If a legal member of Parliament is likely to possess exceptional qualifications for such work; if Mr. Cooper is shown to have comploted the under- taking faithfully and well ; and if ho has been engaged at moderate terms of re- muneration, the Government will probably escapo Parliamentary censuro for the action they have taken. Bu: shêv will be fairly required to prove au this ; and confessedly, the Premier's replies do no4 look reassuring, >To agreement, in writ- ing or otherwise, appears to have boen made with Mr. Cooper in respect of this work, which looks unbusinesslike at leas:. Still, aware as most people are of the exceptional privileges insisted upon by gentlemen in the higher branch of the legal profession, ao very great surprise will be excited should it transpire thai it would be beneath the dignity of a barrister to enter into an agreement prescribing and limiting his emolument for a work the 2tnoant of which could noîbeaccurately gauged by anti- cipation. But we confess thai this transac- tion does not look creditable to either employers or employed, and ii Mr. Griffith asserts that this is an illustration of the manner in wrbich the Government pro- vide for their supporters, he will find .few persona outside the Cabinet not prepared to agree with him. At the same time it may be suggested that if he would introduce a bill, or comp-el the Govern- ment to do so, for the purpose of pro- hibiting and penalising the practice of giving fees illegitimately to members of Parliament, he would confer a much greater benefit upon the country than can possibly accrce from almost interininable discussions which from their very nature must yield none save barren results. TH£ mistake made by ÍL7eni=z it* cîojI method of procedure in dealing with tie Addreu in reply to the Governor's Speech wís bat l/.o clearly illustrated after the adooniTa of Mr. Archer's amendment last night. Tie diTÜkia having been taken, the Minüieriü member! naturally concluded that the debate on siwe Address had been terminated, and that the Howe would now be asked to proceed frith tbe baíÍDsü o£ the session. But they appear to h»Te for- gotten that by Mr. Griffitb'íameDdjnetttíheSp&&di; had been set aside, and the adminútratire defi- ciencies aa well as the legi-lative proposais of the Government superseded by tha debate on the Eoyal Commissioners' report The whole pre ceedinga in relation to the London inquiry have been bo unique that the resultant confusion U not a matter of aurprue. Yet it is now ap- parent that Mr. Griffith ougkt cot to have advised a limitation of the debate on the Address to commenta upon the steel rails trans- actions. When he withdrew his imputations against the personal honour of the Premier, the whole question remainiDg wa* whether through errors of judgment, carelessness, recklessnesa, or what not, Ministers had so sacrificed the interest« of the colony that they had been subordinated to private interests. On these linea the debate on the Address might bare been exhaustive, and the Boute would not at the end of the third week of the session have found itEelf in a false position, Only on the ground that Mr, Griffith intended to im- peach the personal honour of the Premier would the plan adopted of limiting the discussion been justifiable. But that ground being abandoned, the topics adverted to in the Speech were all en- titled to consideration ; and had it been desired to discuss the Royal Comrniseionern' report, that should have been done on motion, in accordance with the rulea of the House. It is really to be regretted that this course was not adopted, for although the majority cannot be blamed for their determination to carry the Address last night, it is unfortunate that the opportunity claimed by members to discuss the administration and policy of the Government in the usual way has not been afforded in this case. We agree with Mr. Griffith that the forcible adoption of the Address will not expedite the business of the session, but the result is due to his own action, and perhaps it will prove after all the best cour?e that could have been taken under the circumstances. Anything like burk- ing free discussion in our Assembly is impractic- able, and if members wish to criticiso tho policy of tho Government they will have ample oppor- tunities of doing so when the Treasurer haB pro- duced his Budget. Tue Legislative Council was appointed to meet yesterday afternoon. At the hour of meeting (4 p.m.) the Clerk of tbo Parliament« stated that he had received a telegram from tho Hon. the President, at Jimbour, asking him to intimate to the IIouno that, owing to a temporary illnesB, he would be unable to he in his place that day ; and there not being a quorum present, the Chairman of Committee« (Hon. D. F. Roberts) adjourned tho Houbo till the usual hour the following (this) afternoon. Tho members iu attendance were the Hons. the Postmaster-General, J. Gibbon. C. 8\. Moin, W. H. Walsh, G. Edmondatone, W. F. Lambert, W. Pettigrow, Jas. Taylor, and J. S. Turner. In a paragraph which appeared in yesterday's Courier Mr. Griffith, M.L.A., was, we regret to say, in consequence of the difficulty of hearing his observations, mado to state that he tele- graphed from here to London to see if he could got there in time for tho Commission of Inquiry in the case Miles v. M'llwraitb. What Mr. Griffith really did say was that he telegraphed from Naples to London, The weather ha« continued somewhat cloudy in Brisbane since last roport, but up to a late hour last night no rain had fallen. Yesterday morning's official reports show that it was showery in Moreton Bay and at Mackay (0'42in.), and cloudy at several other station« along the coast ; but it was frosty at Charleville, Mitchell Downs, and Nive, The sea was moderato at South Passage, Inskip Point, and Cape Capricorn, and rough at Flat-top Island and Cooktown, tho last named place reporting a gale from the south- east. All tho stations along the coast report south-easterly winda. Tho afternoon reports show no rain, though it was cloudy at a number of tho coast stations. It was fino yesterday morning at Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide, YbstkkDay a cabman appeared beforo tho police-magistrate in answer to a summons charg- ing him with being drunk while in charge of his horse and cab, at 4 p.m. on the 9th instant. Tho oahmau, however, avon ed ho was not druuk, as ho was able to drive his cab off tho stand when hailed. One witness was called to substantiate the charge, and he stated the defendant was drunk-not incapably drunk, but yet unfit to be in chargo of hi« horse and cab. Four witnesses wcro called in defence. The first stated tbo de fondant was not drunk, and was able to take caro of his horBB. Tho Becond would not «wear whether he was drunk or sober. The third Hworo ho was not drunk, but would not like to swear he wa« sober ; whilo tho fourth-a legis- lator-»wore he «aw him at i o'clock in the morning and ho (defendant) was sober then. Tho police- magistrate, after hearing all these witnesses, said ho bad not tho slightest doubt that the defendant was drunk, and, to tho evident surpribo o£ the cabman, inflicted a penalty of £1, with U, Cd. coBt«. ! A «rlCLU. ra-äS'-iEg of tia iínnicipU Council j ?waa fceíd »i it* Totto Hill yaKerday a'taj-noon. Tfeíre wire prsseni tis wonko the Mayor, I Alderman Peiajreir, Thorre, M'MiSîér, Hau, ' Pijn-î, ard Eua. The Tosn Cari read the ! rsstflcdoa of th-e ccaneil wi:h rtfí-cace to the f h-jZTO-aisg of îhs inm tf £TC0O for canicipal j parpo-í« from tie ccr3olidi*.ed revenue of the coicav. The £i£lo«îsg are site partKolarï of th« loan, -»hiih cats ba=a prí- riaaílT advertùôd in tia daily papers :-£15(0-To Eooiditä a loan dee io the Hon. Jizz-za Gibbon on Ï*-. Decwabär, ÎÎ-5L £2SCi2 St-For th* cooiiraca?a of stone retaining wall, Q osea-stre«i, Petrie'* Bten:. £Ki6 -For eocJtrae-.KK! erf eiíízaion of Petrie's Bight wiarrea, iiorsa, ard c £.<&&. £3 il 17¡--For dUes, tipurriàea, and centiezeneie-ä ia connection ' with the foregoing. The Mayor announced that no objection ead been kdzsdaraicát the borrow. ing ci the above loan by any ratepayer. AMer mm Thorne moved, and Alderman Piroe seconded, the conSrcistion of the re-otation o! the cocual, ard the motion waa carried nnaai mcciiy. Tniî coccîudsd the bunníss ci the meé tin ?. Cosstjlstls FnnitAraici wio -¡ru 03 daVy in Qaíín-sireí'. U« ni«i- îbyi: IO o'cicci, had cccinoa to arr*r: a jiutt, who w13 bebrriaz in a duord-iriy mumer and osiar disetucínz Urgnage. A3 ita congabie wia boa -iecnaai tin ha made severil aSseaçra ra w bia barrel in."o ha breui çoriei, cai wu preveoMd from dnng îo. SiciOT-euninAbfe Brows ease co odassiscsd Ftexacriinî ;r> aie ana to jhe waich-hcase. W>ru thiiy wen; phasing down Q'^sen-^trsee tau pràoer lau cade r»çiîased ictempca to get his fca;d ir:r> :he ¿ana pocket. Cocacabie Brawn I iiia isiecs*i tia b.trîd. in ice packet, and found I Í: ta&t;ûstiA a sil-ccjiabersd re»clv«r, toux of ita énoncera Cüing ccarrçd wñt ball cansüg-í, I ina «resa ¿m jräeair wtjaaiccced in. ¿huteckna i í-sren-y-íocr rjocaii c* circridzï -were fauad in bis pc-Ai-a. ' Tse osai baây ci a mia -jtu íicnc ¿jhäij in ibî Briùiine 2: Ter, cn Pttrie'i BirbiT, »3 S o'ci:cE j-esí«rátT roarri&g.; Cerinas Merson I rejcrtíia lit ?¿retmssnanM 10 säe pcBc», ^ba tia j -¿ii co3y rsrciaTsd 13 li* tsdrsse, wbsre i: now lies ícn iienáScati'Jit. It U tint of a mia appa t r£i:ilj ¡tbant 25 Tetr= of age, and £f^ oin, in btaght. The hair of the held asd ?whisierä are Mist, the ii-tMr beÎEg íhort It was clothtd in » ftriptd txtx-Ua ehirt, dirk tweed trousers, and blue pilot jtófcei ; in the pocket« were found a pnr&s; containing 3s., a knife, and a case contain ing a rezir. Judging from iu appearance the body bad not been long in the water, as it was only slightly decomposed. It is supposed to be the body of a man named Russel], who shipped on board the barque Kairnshire, which left Moreton Bay on Friday last A service of song, entitled " Christie's Old Organ," is advertised to be given by the Brisbane United Evangelistic Choir in the Creek-street Presbyterian Church, this evening, commencing at 8 o'clock. This choir, under the leadership of Mr. Adams, are wpII known as practised exponents of sacred music, and the service mentioned will no doubt prove a very interesting one. It will be seen from the advertisement of the entertain- ment that persons not holding tickets will be unable to gain admittance till 10 minutes to 8 o'clock. Tilg annual meeting of subscribers to the Brisbane School of Arts is appointed to be held this evening. The adjourned annual meeting of the sub- scribers to the Convalescent and Benevolent Home will be held to-morrow afternoon, at Mr Pinnock'B office, Police Court. The report and accounts of thia useful charitable society will be presented to the meeting, and a full attendance of the subscribers ia expected. The report has been furnished ua, and will be published as soon as confirmed by the public meeting of the «ubäcriberä. The proprietors of the Theatre Royal an- nounce that they have made arrangements with the great scientist and lecturer, Professor Pepper, to appear in Brisbane for one week. Professor Pepper has gained a world-wide repu- tation by his instructive and interesting enter- tainments at the Royal Polytechnic Institution, London, as well as in other large cities, and there need be no doubt that those who attend his "science festivals" in Brisbane will receive full value for their money. The first pro- gramme of the series, to be given at the theatre on Saturday night, has been published, and is of a varied and sensational order, the first part dealing with light and colour (including the philosophy of the illusion so widely known as Pepper's Ghost), and the last part being dioramic, and containing some startling effects in the way of illustrating torpedo warfare. Mn. Turner informed tho representatives of the Press, previous to his departure yesterday, that it is scarcely possible for him to return, with Miss Montague and his company, to Brisbane before June next. He hopes, however, to pay us another virit about that time, and he wished it to be Btated that it is his intention to devote the whole money proceeds of one evening's operatic performance to the benefit of the charitable in- stitutions of this city. An entertainment waa given at the Theatre Royal last oveuing for tho benefit of the Chil- dren's Hospital. There was a very poor attend- ance, owing probably in some measure to the fact that an entertainmont in aid of this institu- tion had been held on the same day ; and there was nothing in the performance calling for special mention. Pnomson A.VDEnsoK and Miss Louise Ander- son commence to-night their " World of Magic" entertainment at the Town Hall, of the merita of which the country papers Bpeak highly, and of which wo hope to be able to do as much, We find that tho professor is the son, not the nephew, of the original " Wizird of the North," who, in tho old country, did " many golden years ago " bo mystify and amuse many of ua. Whether hie mantle has fallen on the shoulder« of Wizard No. 2 our readers will to-night judge for themselves. Tue steamer Ipswich will leave Campbell's wharf to-morrow morning for Southport, at 9.30, returning on Monday. "Broadbrim," writing from America to the Port Venison Times, says :-" Kidnapping has broken out among us again, and only lost week, in addition to the disappearance of little Willie Meek, there were two attempts at child- stealing, which, happily, did not succeed. The latest case occurred on Thursday, when a young girl and her fellow nearly succeeded in carrying off a little threo-year-old boy, whose fate might possibly havo been the same as poor little Charlie ltoBB, The child was ploying with several others, whon a young woman carno along who induced him to go with her by tho proiniso of candy. Fortunately tho attention of a neigh- bour wus attracted by the suspicious movements of the kidnapper, and she ran at once and in- formed the child'« mother ; tho alarm was given, pursuit was commenced, and juBt es the kid- napper was about to embark on a rapid trausit train «ho was overtaken by the child'« mother, who had her and her escort-a young car-driver -arrested. As near a« can be ascertained, this creaturo attompted to steal the child on purpose to get a reward, with which sho iutendod to get marriod and sot up housekeeping-no thought of tho mother'« pgony ; no care for tho shock to tho thousands of parents whose children aro playing iu the streets." ______________________________________ The ordinary meeting of the Shire Council of Toowong was held at the Institute, Toowong, on Tuesday evening last, at 7.30 p.m., when there were present — A. C Gregory (president), Councillors Todd, White, Patterson, Richer, Jones, Matthewson and Sleath. The previous minutes having been confirmed, correspondence from the Hon. Thomas M'llwraith was read, re improvement to Mil-on-rosd ; and from the chaircnaD, Indooroopilly DiviiioD»! Board, ac- cepting the price of their fresh tender for the catsing at Toowong Hill. The Finance Com mittee presented a report recommending pay men:« to the amount of £S2 19s. Id. for roid labour and plant. The notice of motion re sup- plying the shire with water was postponed to allow of further informition being procured. The superintendent of works read his re ' port o' the progress of the work. Several t of the aireéis in the Lang Farm and Hocïings estace bad been cleared ; and a substantial raised approach and culvert placed is Isaac-street. Acting upon suggestions in the report, it was decided to trench the whole of the Octagon and ti fill the same with go x1 earth and retinare, and Councillor White undertook to t select; the tree» for the enclosure ; also that butter denn.? should be used for consolidating the fresh mecal placed on the river- road by means of watering. The following notices of motion were tabled :-By Councillor Todd,-" That the meet in?» o' the connell be held once in »"very month on the first Tuesday." By Councillor Richer, "That Church-street, near the residences of Messrs Stanley and Mathewson, be cut down, ami tha: the snperintendenc of work3 be in äcrucced to prepare a »ection of the road with particulars _____________________________________ Tar very valuable merino rims arrived by the Wotonga on Monday Lut, from the recent ram sale it Messrs. Mon; and Co.'s, noticed elsewhere. Five or «hese ire for Mesera. J. and W. Low, of Welltown, ind uve for Dr. Jenkins's Callandoon sfcic&n.; We ire elad to notice by the catalogue sha: several of these sheep are the exeaa of the low offered at the late sale. Of Messrs. Low"», -tree are from the celebrated Btud cf Mr. Jicses Gibson, Belle-vue, Tasmania, one tec3 by Sir Thom** 2nd-the splendid animal tr.tc crjniai 604 guineas at the same sale-and ;te c-cker two are by Golden Tom, a champion eop ram, by the same sire from a Golden Drop ewe {Golden Drophavingbeen by old Sir Thomas) The remaining two were bred by Mr. David Taylor and Mr. J. D. Toosey respectively. Four of Dr. Jenkins's lot were bred by Mr. D. Taylor one of them being by Sanscrit, and purchased at 111 guineas, and the fifth bred by Mr. W. H. Gibson, Fairfield, Epping. For many years past a keen healthy rivalry has been kept up amongst these Tasmanian breeders. Mr. James Gibson more particularly has long aimed at the greatest quantity possible, combined with all the other desirable qualities, of wool per sheep, and that he has succeeded to a degree that many would deem almost impossible will be patent to any one who will take an opportunityof examining Messrs, Low's sheep now in the quarantine groui.da. It is not too much tn say that on no previous occasion bave any sheep been landed in Brisbane so densely covered with high class wool as these. In the opinion of many, Mr. Taylor is not one whit be- hind Mr. Gibson aa a breeder, and on close examin- ation it is apparent that what Mr. Taylor's sheep lack in density aa compared with Mr. Gibson's is compensated for in length, fineness, and freenesa. They open like the leaves of a book, and the regularity of the corrugations is very remarkable from the roots to the extreme tip3 of the staple. Mr. Toosey's wool is remarkable for its softness and " flossy" appearance. These ten sheep were bought at a very high figure, and it is to be hoped their new owners will reap the reward their pluck deserves. The owners of Welltown and Cdlandoon ran each other very closely at the Sydney International Wool Show. It is evident they intend to maintain the same laudable spirit of emulation, and we trust they may be able to make arrangement« for showing some of these sheep at the National show in Bowen Park. At the City Police Court yesterday, before the police-magistrate and Mesrrs. A. R. Jones, W. G. Power, and E. Mac Donnell, JJ.P., Lizzie Caughie, for being drunk and disorderly, and for using obscene language, was fined a total sum of £4, with the alternative of one month and twenty-four hours' imprisonment Richard Goeldner appeared in answer to the charge of having, on the 17th instant, in Ann-street, as- saulted a boy 10 years of age, named John Farry, and tun of Thomas Farry, boot- maker. The defendant pleaded guilty, and in extenuatiou of hU couducc said that he had frequently been annoyed by boya throwing Btones at his house, and on one occa-ion had one of his windows broken by the missiles. The evi. dence of the boy was to the effect that on the day in question be was returning from church with his brother, who is 8 years of age. On pass- ing defend int's house they were pretending to have a game at football with a stone ; his brother picked up the stone, and kicked it, sending it unintentionally against the wall of defendant's house ; the defendant immediately came out and spoko to another boy, and witness and his brother ran away. The de- fendant followed them, struck witness twice on the side of his bead with his open hand, knock- ing him down, and then kicked him. He was still suffering from the effects of the kick. Farry's father stated that the boy was so bad he had to procure the attendance of Dr. O'sullivan. The bench, taking into consideration the fact of the defendant having a wife and young family to support, fined him only £2, together with 3s. 61. costa of court, with the alternative of one month's imprisonment. John Pritchard, summoned by the police for furiously driving a bread-cart in Brunswick street on tho 7th instant, was found guilty of the offence, and fined as., together with 3«. 6d. costs of court, to be recovered by a levy and distress ; and James Cuddihy, for being drunk whilst in charge of his horse and cab, waa fined £1 and 3s. 6d. costs, to bo recovered by levy and distress. Richard Woods appeared before Mr. W. H. Day, assistant police-magistrate, in answer to a summons charging him with having wilfully misconducted himself as a cab driver. He pleaded guilty, and was fined as. with 3?, Gd. cost«. At the sittings of the Petty Debts Court yes- terday, before Messrs. E. Mac Donnell and W. G. Power, JJ.P , in the defended case of C. Clif- ford v. Anno Dyne, Mr. Rutledge, instructed by Mr. A. J. Thynne, appeared for the plaintiff ; and Mr. C. E. Smith for the defendant. In this case the claim was for four days' wages a3 master of the steamer Settler, and wrongful dismiBEal, amounting in all to £12. Tbe defence Bet up was that the defendant did not contract with the plaintiff, and if so, the dismissal was justifiable owing to his incompetency. The plaintiffs evidence was closed, aud after the de- fendant's evidence had been given, Mr. Smith applied for a nonsuit on the ground that the owners of the Settler ought to have been joined na parties to the suit, and that the evidence «bowed defendant did not contract on her own behalf, but her approval was «imply asked as mortgagee, Mr. Rutledge replied to this argu- ment, and the bench overruling the objection permitted the plaintiff to be put iu the witness. box again and give further evidence. After this the defendant's case whs proceeded with, but was not finished at 1 o'clock, when the case waa adjourned till to-morrow (Friday) afternoon. A meeting of the directors of the Pikedale Company was held in the Koyal Hotel, Warwick, on Friday evening last. The manager (Mr. Hutchison) reported that the southern drive at the 150ft. level had been extended 22ft. The reef was still in hard country, but waa well de- fined and continued to show gold. No. 2 southern drive had been put into working order, and driving south had been commenced on the reef at a depth of 55ft. The country was there working much botter, the reef was about 8in. wide, and was showing better gold than any ob- tained from the claim since the formation of the company. The influx of water had considerably abated, owing to the continued dry weather. The manager was instructed to continue opera- tions as at present until the next directors' meet- ing. A call (No. 17) of Od. per share was made due and payable on the 1st August next. The next directors' meeting waB decided to be held on the goldfield to allow the directors an oppor- tunity of personally inspecting tho mino, Examiner. 