SCIENCE FOR BABES [From the Saturday Review.] Everybody is aware of the quarrel which is unceasingly waged between the defen-<*> ders and the opponents of the present system of school board education, though most people perhaps discreetly leave to those directly interested the task of watch ing the details of the fight. Everybody, too, knows that schools which now differ from board schools, not so much in die character of their education as in the fact that the unfortunate parents of the children educated are not enabled to put off the expense on somebody eke, are being made the battle- grounds of a quarrel not wholly dissimilar. Shall all the 'ologies be taught? and if they are taught, what shall give way to them? may be said to be the forms which the question under debate successively takes. Whether certain subjects have any business in primary education, rate-supported or not, is the first form put into other words. Whether it is worth while to displace Latin and Greek from their pride of place to make room for biology and physics, is the second, similarly treated. We have not seen any book whicii thrown so much light on both questions, and ob several others into the bargain, as a modest looking manual, or rather aeries of nmnimla, published by a well-known firm of Glasgow booksellers. Messrs. Collins com missioned the senior science master ef the Manchester Grammar School to prepare three twopenny books on animal physio logy ; and let as hasten to say that, given the gnndit^w of his task, nobody can find any fault with the way in which the author has performed it. Nor, of course, is it the fault of the publishers if these little books deserve to be placed, as there is no doubt they do, in the most damnatory chapter of an Index Expurgatoriiu by every one who has a respect for childhood, for sound culture, or for the future of the human race. My Lords have settled that certain things shall be taught in certain standards, and the business of the profes sional person is simply to provide the means of obedience to this ukase. Let us see without further preface what the meat thus provided for English babes i& The books are said to be intended for Standard IV. and the Standards superior to it. We be lieve we are right in saying that a child sent to school betimes ought to reach Standard IV. by the age of eleven or there abouts, if not earlier. The new science has not so entirely thrown off the forms of the older matter called by the name as-to despise definition. Accordingly in p. 6 of the first volume (the one appointed for eleven-year-olds) we have a definition of man u zoologically:"— Man ia described by the zoologist u standing at the bead of the Animal kingdom. He is described m forming the only species in the ocder Bimana (two-handedaninials), of the class Mammalia (nick-giving animals), of the eub kingdom Vettebrata (backboned animals). He ia farther described m breathing atmospheric air by means of lunga; as possessing warm red blood, driven into ouculatum tbroogti his body by the action of a doable heart, possessing two ventricles and two auricles; as pioducing living yoong, and nurturing them by means of milk secreted by the mammary glands; bis akin more or teat covered with hairs and scales; as possess ing two hands and two feet, each five-fingered, the nails at their extremities fiat and broad; and as possessing all his teeth even and dose to one another, and his molar teeth equally enamelled. This is pretty well; and we only hope that the eleven-year-olds will not be led by the metaphorical expression at the opening to conceive the idea of a groom standing at the head of a horse named Kingdom, and that no awkward mistakes will arise from the use of the masculine in describing the process of nurture. Youth is prone to such little errors when its brains are overdriven. But the sentence at least does not contain many words—only perhaps a score or two —which are meanipgleaa to the learner. Further on xre come to the real thing:— The tnuuvene ligament of the atlas binds it to the odontoid process of tin axis vertebra, so as to form a pivot joint on which the head rotates. The ctenoid ligament helps to attach tie hnmerns to the eV^M cavity of the scapula at the sboalder-ioint. The ligamentom tores (round ligament) and the capsolar ligament retain the thigh-bone in its socket, the aceta bolam. The emollient effect on the morals of eleven which must necessarily be produced by the tearing by heart of thisAbracadabra must be truly marvellous. In the next Standard the author mnjora canit. He explains scientifically the things of common life. Youths of twelve are quite ignorant of what j ampins: means. He tells them :— Jumping or leaping is effected (1) ly the sad cVu contraction of the muscles of the calf, by wbich toe heels an maidenly raised and the body jerked oft the ground; (2) by the simul taneous contraction of muscles which bend the thigh on the pelvis; (3) by the sodden exten sion of the legs by the contraction of the exten sor muscle*: tbis movement following imme diately on the two movements first described. Obviously this lucid explanation will be of little use unless (as an instructor of youth who anticipated the method observed j •• he goes and does it." The joy of intelligent youth when for the first time it consciously contacts the muscles of its pelvis may possibly be a consolation for the trouble of learning. A young philosopher whj can define himself as a person who nurtures his young; &c;, and who knows that he jumps by contracting the muscles of his pelvis, ifi obviously ready for instruction in higher things stiiL Accordingly, in Standard VI. he plunges fail into psycho logy:- Sensation is the process by wbich we become conscious through the brain of impressions re ceived and tanaferred to it by the afferent or sensory nerves. When sensation is excited normally—that is, by external agency—it is called objective f enaction. Bat when it arises will ont any external cause—thai is, is produced by the unprompted or rather intrinsic action of the nervous system iteelf—it is termed sub jective eeoraticn, as in the ease of the*'ringing is the ears" sensation, with which most are more or less famDar,a]so in the seeing of ghosts as the ret nit of indigestion. Thirteen or fourteen ought (we speak under correction) to be the age of this future jiloughboy or shoemaker. In half a dozen lines he knows all about it. Problems of brain and mind, life studies of Lcckes and Humes, and eucb-like antiquated people, theories of the supernatural —there they are, all dried, cut, and crammed by hydraulic pressure into the smallest space fur him. But he ifi not to be allowed to lead this £tuff and forget it Not at all. 11 is knowledge is to be tested by questions. " What do you mean" (this is a ten- or tleven-year-old "you") "by the osseous system, the muscular system, nervous system, digestive system, respiratory system, circulatory system, absorbent system, and glandular system?" "De scribe" (the describer is perhaps twelve by this time) "the position, function, and structure of the lymphatic system, thoracic duct, lymphatics, lacteals, and mesenteric glands." " What do you mean " (*• you "is thirteen or fourteen now "«* Diett ltd a jn-cti vie," which seems in the circum stances at least doubtful) "by nerve conductility and irritability?" "What effect have strong doses of alcohol on the brain?" Tbis last is at least practical; and,|if the infant be wise, he will reply, " They relieve it remarkably when it has been overtaxed by improper exercise." This, then, is the stuff for the teaching of which, in one rank of life, ratepayers are to pay, and children are to be kept from helpirg their parents and earning them selves pairs of boots; for which the access to the main keys of true culture is to be barred to those of another class, 'or vouch safed to them only in miserably imperfect measure. The education of the future ia apparently to consist of getting by rote a jargon which is for the most part meaning lees, however carefully explained to the learner, which conveys to him no sort of really useful recreative or stimulant know ledge, which loads and wearies his brain at the time when it should be lightlv bur dened, and which, to crown all, "could be mastered at another time and in another fashion without the slightest trouble by those who have time and vocation for such studies. For the matter of these books, which must coet months of weary labor to children, would not take a couple of days for a well educated —that ia to say, humanistically educated—young man. All the jaw-break ing jargon is clear to him, not by means of dictionary definition, but because he is familiar with the languages from which it is derived, and, his faculties being tolerably mature, he can take in such small additional information as there ia besides words and names without the least difficulty. We need not offer any apology for having treated a serious subject, in part at least, seriously. But the comic aide of these agglomerations of jargon is sufficiently obvious. The man who reads, even with a fair understanding of the subject, cannot help being reminded of the studies which delighted the later middle ages. Indignant "scientists" have talked about ihe barren technicalities of the Latin grammar, and the invaluable time lost in acquiring the knack of writing Greek iambics. But how poor and meagre are the technicalities even of the most technical grammar compared with the tropical forest of argot which holds the ground of these manuals. Half-a-dozen names of cases, 8 score of tenses and moods, a few syntactical terms, a modest bundle of names of feet and metres—these make up the easy yoke and light burden of As in prcesenti and its fellows. Half-a- dozen pages of our manual will supply technicalities enough to oat number the whole. And if we have to compare the time spent in adjusting caesuras and avoiding cretic endings with the time spent in learning to identify and define the" acetabulom and the sphenoid bone, why, we shall prosounce unhesi tatingly for the former. At worst some pro cesses of mind other than mere rote memoir are encouraged by it, and something like original effort is stimulated. The getting up of our manwala suggests nothing so much, as we have already remarked, as the literary and scientific studies of the fifteenth century. We wonder what the scientists would say if My Lords authorized such sub jects as the definition of an emperierea triple covroime, if in the Fourth Standard it became necessary to distinguish accurately between rime batdie and rime a double qucMie, if the grant depended on the abstin ence of students from mistaking a ballade balladante for a ballade fratrisee.' The one study would really have about as definite a reference both to the probable needs of the students and to the development of their mental powers as the other, and the ter minology of Henri Decroy and Eustace Deschamps strikes us as intrinsically rather prettier than that of Professor Huxley and our present author. Or, why not plunge youth once more into the ocean of the later formal logic? Familiarity with this is quite as useful for all practical purposes, cave those of the professional physician or surgeon, as the proud capacity to identify a vaso-motor serve with an exdtor-nutrient uerve, or to distinguish them, for we can undertake to earn no grants for anybody in this par ticular subject. Modais, for instance, an admirable study ruthlessly cut off from modem logic; the various kinds of defi nition, the classification and terminology of the indirect moods—all these things surely deserve a place by the side of the investi gation of the acetabolum and the processes requisite to fix upon the youthful mind, ignorant of Latin, the fact that when it raises its upper eyelid it does so by the aid of the levator patpebrarum superioris. We take this last expression most docilely from our author, and have no doubt that it is all right. The unregene rate Latiniet might, however, suspect a fake concord, for which he himself in days past would have run the risk of having unpleasant sensations conveyed by his afferent nerves to his brain from the neigh borhood of the os coccygis. The chief feeling, however, of the mere humanist ie an ardent desire for the resurrection of Rabelais or Moliere. This indeed, as the scientist will probably etep in (like Lamb's Scotch friend) and remark, is impossible. Yet M. Jourdain learning that when be jumped he contracted the muscles of his ptlvis would cot be unpleaslng1. Nor would, we think, the library of Saint Victor lack some pleasing additions en titled from the repertory of these our manuals for the instruction of youth. And let no body tell us that Rabelais was a physician, lie certainly was a physician; but he was i:<jt a fool. 