THE REVISED HEW TESTAMENT. r\ following is the conclusion of the lecture by Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop of Melbourne, on tho revised edition of tho New Testament, the first portiou of winch appeared in our issue of yesterday :— ., 13 natural to ask next, docs the new version throw any hght on the question of a possible future. Potion for any of tho dead ? There is very scant reference in Holy Scripture to the state between death and judgment. We find in Revelation none of that Janatica particularity," 03 Paley calls it. which i.istiuguuhe.H so many false religions. The parable of Lazarus and Dives is a parable filled with Jewish cnce"Yne which wo cannot do better than remember the old theological rule, " Thtolonla para oohca twn est dcmonstratlvo." But saving this pas- sage, there is ouly one other in the Now Testament which can be saul to refer directly and specifically to tlic state of souls between death and judgment. That you know, is I. Peter, in., 18. The old version left it possible to interpret tills passage as meaning that Christ went to tho Antediluvians now in prison, wheu they lived on tho earth, and by his spirit through the preaching of Noah, called thetn to repentance. The new Torsion by its more correct ren dering has destroyed tho possibility of such an interpretation. Here flesh and spirit are so op posed, that, as in the Greek, the word spirit must mean, not "tho lloly Spirit," but our bavionrs human spirit, "in which," (not by which), he went and preached to the Antcdi- luvmus in prison. "Wo must not make too much of a single passage, nor press its application boyoud Us proper scope. But, bearing these cautions "ie m'nd, two tilings arc to be noted. First, while opening Lho possibility of probation in the state between death and judgment, the means of this probation are purely spiritual. There is not a hint of tho groFs nnd cainsl notions of the mcdimTal purgatory. It is not by iiru but by preaching that souls are called to repentance. Secondly, it is to be observed that we only hear of the extended probation of a particular class of men. These, it is true, may lie only specimens of n: hers. But if so, they suggest to us the continued probation ot those whoso probation was on earth incomplete. What myriads there must have boon in the groat overthrow of Noah, to whom, ns in nil natural catas trophes. death must have conic, so to spcuk, acciden tally. llow can wc believe that nt such a time, or indeed, at any time, natural death alwavs synchronises witli the completion ot the soni's moral trial, that, for instance, no tile falling from a bouse ever kills a man, except when liis will has taken that decided notion, which fixes him " unto the ages," either as a friend, or an enemy of God. Or bow can we believe that nil the myriads of tho heathen, or all the children in Christian lands, who have been brought up by profligate parents, have come to an end of their moral probation, when tiiey suller the natural accident of bodily death. All theso cases it used to bo the practice to hand over to tho uncovenantod mercies of God. It must bo a most welcome relief to have some light of revelation, bo it only a gleam, to point out to us tho means by which such mercy reaches its beneficent cuds. I have spoken of the extent of condemnation. Tho ques tion may next be asked, does the now version throw any fresh light 011 the extent of redeeming love I I think it docs. In KphoHians, 1st chapter, 10th verse, the expression, to " gather together in one, all tilings in Christ, is better rendered by the larger phrase. to sum up nll things in Christ." This phrase reveals to 11s in its highest generality the purpose of our Lord s mission. Ho came that by His life and work Ho might bo enlarge all minds and change all hearts on earth and in heaven ; that reflecting His imago and being transformed into His likeness, they might all be summed up in Ilim. The vision of re demption thus opened is so vast that it can scarcely be said to have limits on earth or in heaven, in timo or in eternity. On n narrower stage, that of humanity, a similar largeness of re deeming purpose is revealed by the better translation of llomans, 6th chap., 16th nnd 19th verses. Here, instead of " many," which would imply the exclusion of some, the new version hy translating " the many," lias pointed out thnt the Greek refers to nil ; to tlm multitude, the mass of humanity. And tlius, wo learn, that in the divine pnrpose the gift of Christ'n life was not made to an elect few, but to the whole family of man. IVe are led towards the same couclu- siop by tho objective cast of many of the new trans lations. And here it may be necessary to explain what I mean by the word " objective." To tho pro duction of Christian sanctity two tilings are ncces- eary, the gift of Christ's life, which is imparted to tis, an". that state of heart called in the scriptures " faith," which depends partially at least upon our own will. Now, what is done to us, and comes to us without our own co-operation, I call the objective element in salvation ; while that which is done by us through our own co-operation, I call its subjective element. Well, then, this being understood, I think you avill find that, through tho better rendering of Komans Gtli chap., tho fact is brought out that, in many versos of that chapter, St. Paul is not so much referring to _ what is done within the believer through his faith, as to what wa9 dono for him at a special point of bis past history, viz., at his baptism. In verse 1 wc read, " wo were buried with liim by baptism unto death." In verso it, our old man (not is crucified, as though the act were continuous, and now going on) hut " tea s crucified with Him," nt a point of time ill tho past— our baptism. Again ill the 8th verso we read (nob " if wo he dead with Him," if wc be in that spiritual condition now) but, " if wo died witli Him," in tho past objectively by im act of His grace in onr bap tism. Through what was then done, ideally, 'and actually by God's grace, wc were put in n cer tain position, and gnincd a certain relation to God. Therefore tho Apostle says (11) that wo ought to "reckon ourselves to bo dead to sin, lint alive to God," uot " through Jesus Christ,"— ns though our death and life might be apart from him, but "in Christ Jesus" oven as wo were planted in Him at baptism. Of course this graco is given that it may be taken nnd used. It were of no valuo else. Accordingly, in verso 12, St. Paul bids us realise sub jectively what alreniiy is ours objectively by'tho gift of God in Christ. " Let not sin, therefore, roign in your mortal bodies that ye should obey it in the lust thereof." Tho samo dcfimtcncss of objcctivo rcfcrenco is brought out by tho better rendering of the tenses 111 1st Corinthians, vi. chapter, 2nd verso. It is not " but yo arc washed, but ye are sanctified" — as though reference wero made to an abiding state — it is, " yo were washed, ye were sanctified," at a definito point of past time in your baptism ; that act which marked and deuotcd your ideal union with Christ. I lie connection of tiie objeetive work of Christ foe im, and the subjective work of Christ in ub is fur ther brought out hy a better translation of 2nd. Corinthians, v. chapter, 14 th verse : " Wo thus judgo that one died for all, therefore all died." The old version has it, " if one died for all then were all dead," making the dentil of Christ the proof of tho spiritual death of the natural man. In point of fact there is not a word here about tho death of nature. Tho point is that there is cuch a union bctwoea Christ and the believer represented ideally in bap tism, and realised by faith, that if Christ died to sin, then all died with him. The practical conclusion follows. If we be dead in Christ ideally, let us tnko care that really nnd inwardly wo " no longer livo to ourselves, but to him that died for us." The samo thought is cmphaticiscd in Titus, 8rd chapter, 6th verse, though here, unfortunately, tho better render ing is put into tlm margin. The thought of tbo apostle is that salvation doeB not originate in acts of ours, whether emotional or practical, but only in tho mercy of God. "What then did His mercy do for us ? lie gavo us tho lavcr of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost, tho outward ordinance of baptism, to assure the gift, tho inward renewing of thospirit to convert that assurance into n reality. It ia almost more wonderful to find " laver" in the margin, than it was to find " Gehenna" there. Loutiou caunot mean tho act of washing, but tho vessel in which the wash ing is done. It is translated " laver " by Bishop Kllicott, tho chairman of the lievision Commit tee, in his now version of tho epistles, and so by nearly all modern scholars. I suppose it wns diffi cult to got n two-thuds majority for its in sertion in tho text, owing to tho significant fact that this is the only text ill tho New Testament in which the word " regeneration " is applied to an individual. It is certainly startling to find that on the ouly occa sion of its occurrence it clearly refers to baptism. But there need be no wonder. It is only in accordanco with the prevailing objective cast of Now Testament language, nnd it clearly means that baptism is that laver wbich ideally represents tho new birth in which the now lifo in Christ must begin. It is import ant to keep in mind this objective view of salvation, that everything necessary to our salvation, the lifo of Christ, the gift of the Spirit, whoso office it ia to dis tribute that life and the ordinances of the Church, through which ns through appointed channels than distribution takes place, that all these axo provided for. us by tho love of God, independently of our faith, not only before wo believe but oven before wo live. This is the peculiarity of Christinnity. Anyone cart " believe — a Pagan or n Mahoinmednn, not Ices tban n Christian. The difference is revealed when you ask. What shall I Relievo if and Why shall I believe V Hero tho Gospel presents to your inquiry a now thing— a Rift and possibilities unknown iq tho world before. This newness and uniqueness of the gospel is well suggested by a better trans lation of Itomans, Srd chapter, 21st verse, " But now a righteousness of God hath been mani fested," uot " tho righteousness" as though it wero a tiling already well known, but a righteousness, apart from the law, which I proceed to describe,. " the righteousness, of Qod through faith in Cbrist,'v I have spoken of the connection of faith with graco, witli whqt went before (tilth. This leads inn next to speak of the connection between faith and its fruits, between it and what should follow it. This is made clearer by a better translation of Galatlana, 2nd chap ter, liith verso. The old version was " A man is not justified by works but by faith," thus excluding works altogether from oounection witli justification. Tho new version more correctly renders "A man ia not justified hy woiks save through faith," except so far na works are necessary to indiante tho reality oi. faitb. You will ece at once that the celebrated oppo sition in this matter hetwccu St. Paul and St. Jntnca is already abolished by this rendering. But, in fact, it is made yet more impossible by a better rendering of James, Sad chapter, 11th verse. We read no longer " Can faith save him," us if faith had nothing to do with the matter, but can thnt faith save him ; such a faith ns that, which can only mako him trcrablo with out obeying. St. Paul is thus plainly, seen to tuy " Works cannot save except through faith," nnd St. James to say " Faitli cannot save except it bo a fruit ful faith." Suppose, however, that a mau has taken . the lifo of Christ by a real faith, a faith which vindi cates its reality by works. Another question may hero arise. Can the man v> ha ha3 once possessed such laith ever lose it, or must tie keop it becauso of God's predestination ? Tho now version helps us to give a better answer to this question also. It translates Luke x, 0, "If a son of peaco bo there"— not " if the son of pence bo tnere," Tbo latter expression would Imply that tho Apostles should remain, if the son of God had gono before tbom and selected the houso. The foi mcr tnoans if your host bo a soil ot peaea, wlitx will receive you, remain. Again, tho uew version trans lates Acts U, 17, not "such ns should b saved " by t!> olcclion of God, but "such as wore being saved"' thlough their own faithful usoof God's grace. Again,.- it translates, 1st Corinthians f, 18, " To them that are jJer/sk in// foolishness, to thorn that are being saved ; tlie power of God." When this passage stood to them that periab, the Gospel is foolishness," it might mean that the gospel appeared fooliBh to them be cause they wero destined to perdition. But now it can have no such meaning. Thoso who are perishing through their own wilful disobedience need not finally perish ; uor, on the othor hand, can it bo said that thoso who aro biwj saved must ho ultimately saved. "Onco in grace, always in grace," is now shown to he an unscriplural sentiment. I need make no remark on tbo effect of the new version in modify ing tho doctrine of onr Lord's divinity, because it leaves that doctrine untouched. For if It omits the passage I John, V, 8, containing a reference to the 1 hreo heavenly witnesses, and adopts the reading, " He who." instead of God, in I. Tim., If., IB ; on the other liana it translates Titns h., IB, "Our Great God nnd Saviour Jesus Christ " and strengthens the afllnnation of l'hillp It, VI, 7, by a bettor nnd more intelligible reading. The now version very decidedly accentuates the value of tho spiritual element in religion by two improved translations. . In Mark vii, IS wo read i Not " purging all moats," which may mean almost anything— but " this ho said making all meats clean." It la difficult for us to conceive the vastneas of tho ' spiritual revolution implied in these wordB. At a ' tfmo whon the great schools of Hillcl aDd Sbamai were disputing about tho relative inmortance of blessing the day first or the meat firBt, Jesus stands up and cries," All theso things are nought ; ye are children of God, and to such all meats are clean. 1 To the Pharisee of that day the uttcranco of snob a sentiment would bo as though the heavens had fallen. It deprived him not only of tho chief subjects of his mental activity, but of ail tho cherished reasons for his national and spiritual pride. It made Calvary inevitable. The same paramount authority of tho spiritual In religion is implied by that deprecia tion of asceticism, which is brought out so clearly by a better translation of ColoBsians, II. 28, " but arc not of any value against the indulgence of tho flesh." Here, Instead of nn utterly unmeaning phrase, we get an uncompris- ing denunciation of mero outward acts of mortifica tion as a medicine for tho soul— in this age, a great nnd distinct gnin. Indirectly, too, spiritual religion is relieved of a burden and a difficulty by tbeomlssion of John v., 8rd verse. This was a description of a miracle taking place regularly, as if by a law of nature, and without any reference to the spiritual condition of the healed. These characteristics put it entirely out of harmony with tlie Now Testament miracles, which aro exceptional acta of power ren dered credible, even more by their adaptation to a great spiritual purpose, than by the character and mission of thoBC who wrought them. It is no little relief, then, to find that tho passage which recorded a miracle of so different a character, is nothing better than n late in terpolation. I will just nolico inconclusion that the new version alters certain texts, which haTe formed the favourite themes of one-sided preachers. It robs one sect of its name, tho " peculiar people" have gono out of tho New Testament. If thoy want to continue to bo scriptural they must call themselves now "The people of God's own possession," for so in tlie now version I. Peter 2nd chapter, Dth verse, is ' now translated. Perhaps oven to " peculiar people," it might savor too much of arrogance to style them- ' selves as opposed to all other Christians "The people of God's own possession." But I scarcely know. If pcoplo arc only ignorant nnd stupid enough 110 arrogance appears impossible to thcin. Tho new version omits a text on which a vast number of excited sermons havo been preached, Act vm, 37th verso, " If tlion be- lievcst with all thine heart thou inayst" (be baptised.) Again it reverses the meaning of Acts xxvi., 28th verse. In the old version Agrippa seems to Bay, "Thy sermon is so convincing that almntt it pereuadctk me to be a Christian," whereas, in tho new version, ho is made to say what ho was more likely to say, nnd what ho actually Baid— " Do you . imagine that with so slight an cifort as this you can rnako a Christian of such a man as I am." I dare say ' that many preachers will be disappointed at the loss of a favourite text, but, for iny part, I think the sub ject presented by tho new version, viz., the hardening . power of sin and the curse of worldly pride, not only far more interesting, but also far more useful. Lastly, I may oljsorvo that preachers who nro always insist ing on tho necessity of conversion, nnd are wont nt the same time to assign to conversion a peculiar nnd utterly mythical meaning, will experience, perhaps, some little dismay to find their pet word entirely excluded "from the gospels. It remains only in Acts xv., 8, nnd James v., 19, nnd ought not to have been left in either place. But it is hard lor a committee to bo consistent. The word formerly translated " convert " . means simply "turn" or "turn again," and refers some times to turning the body from evil to good, nnd some times to turning from good to ovii. In these circum stances there was no alternative but to translatait by n word that would express its largo and comprehensive meaning. And nothing bnt good can result from the change. Pcoplo will soo now that .where tho word refers to a desirable spiritual change it merely de scribes a turning of the mind, whether that turning lie mado suddenly or gradually, whether with ecstatic phenomena or without them. No doubt this turning issomotimes attended by such phenomena, and iB as sudden if not ns complete as n turning of tho body. Bnt it is by no moans always so. And if ono may be permitted to judge who himBcif experienced a sndden nnd ecstatic change, it by no means follows that such a form of change hnB the most sanctifying influence on tho character. Onr Lord said " Hxeept ye turn, and become as little children, yo shall in no.w.iso' enter into tho kingdom of lieaven." (Mnthpw, 18th chsptor 3rd verso.) Here the thing to bp. done Is to turn the mind from the proud wilfulness of what is called manly independence to a child-like dependence in God. And I inay be permitted to repeat that I have somptlmps spen this spiritual change more com pletely effected, where tho turning was gradual anil silent, than where It was sudden and ecstatic. I havo now finished my task, nnd.it is natural for yon to ask what is tho result of all this If Just what 1 told you at first. Tho net result is a decided drift, a. tendency to obliterate some of tho oternor features of tho old translations. There is a fuller statement of tho spirituality of our holy fnlth, of tho universality of tho love of God, and of tho long suffering grace which will condemn none till liis moral probation Is fairly completed. There is besides a clearer exhibition of tho symbolic character of thpso passages whioh describe the nature of future punishment, and tho uncertainty of many of the expressions which describe its duration. And theso alterations aro not made capriciously. Thoy aro not undo in obedience to nny critical theory. Thoy aro not duo to any effort to adapt the text cither to the supposed historical necessities of the first century, or to tho beliefs and speculations of the nineteenth century. If nny change has been ninde in tho text it is ' on tho authority of more ancient and reliable manuscript and versions. And though I admit that tho new translation sometimes mars the dctlcato balanco nnd. harmony of tho mntchlcss English of tho old version, ns in I. Corinthians, 18th chap., yet it docs this only from an anxious desire to rondor more exactly tho meaning of tho original. This being tlie case, it is surely vory interesting to notico that the drift of change observable in tho new translation is in tho same direction as tho. drift of all healthy change in modern thought — in that direction which is indicated in tho well known words of St. John — " Perfect lovo castcth out fear, because fear bath torment." I draw au augury of the brightest hopo from this fact. It proves to mo nt least that tbo goncral drift of modern thought is healthy and truthful. May we not then humbly hope that if men will only bo Bincere nnd patient, soicntists on tho one side and thoologlans on the othor, enlarging know ledge iwill bring ns not a diminution, but an increase of faith— a faith it may be of a difforent tono nnd temper, bnt which is made nil the more confident and assured qulto as much by what it loses ns by what it gains. 