IGNATIUS LOYOLA VICTOR. The policy lately pursued by. the Eomish Church cau be explained; in two ways. IE we are to take its own account .of the matter, what ' has been witnessed recently, is a new Divine interposition, in- the affairs of men; L The idea of calling a general couucil'was suggested from above ; the 1 dcliveranco" the council came 1 to wasv inspired by the Holy Ghost ; and the struggle _;which; Ultramontanisui is making to re-establish the temporal power once' more, is just such an effort- as early Christianity put forth to get the better of paganism... On the oi.ner nana, mere is a mucn more common place theory which has been advanced to account for what has been happening. It is just this : that a certain section or party within the Eomish Church— the Society of jesus, to' wit— has for three centuries been fighting for the1 control '.' of the whole organization, and -that this prolonged conflict has at last been crowned -with success. In fact, people with no reverence in their nature declare that what has happened is'simply some- thing parallel to what occurs in a country like our own when the' Whigs ; are -i beaten at the polls, . and the. .Tories are. permitted -to take possession of the Treasury benohes.1 : The Triden tine Papists are out, ' and the" Jesuits v;reign in their room. <i , V; Perhaps the whole significance of thc'revo-' lution is not - realized' when puffin- this way.' We. believe, that , the devil has a good deal' to do with the Papacy, -and that the current of events has; been watched over and directed by a higher aud more astute intellect than that of Antonelli; And , besides, there is : this ; other 1 peculiarity to be remembered,— that' under the theory of an infallible Church there is no room for a counter revolution..' But -keeping these things, apart,' there is. good reason for saying that what' has taken place in our;time is substantially what, we. have described. The Jesuits in the chair of St. Peter and. the tremendous Society which was founded by Loyola to counteract the Reformation is no longera guerilla band within the Church of .Rome, but forms the main body of its army.' On this account, ! the question of what the Jesuits hold and teach has been invested with' a' new interest ji and a lurid light has been: thrown apon ; that subject by an article in" the' last number of the Quarterly. The': writer of - that article shows, by quotations from works which are being actually used at this moment as text books in Jesuit seminaries,' and which' have' been published with the imprimatur of the highest ' authorities. In the Church, that the : morality of the system is as thoroughly antichristidh as it has ever been. ' Wo may'give one or' two of these quotations as samples. ' " Temptation, when greatly: protracted, need, not be positively withstood' continuously, : iuas- much as that would1 be over-irksome,: and' render one liable to innumerable scruples." ; : ; The query whether the 'Pope can dispense1 f rom God's precepts is thus solved :— ' "He can. dispense therefrom fora just cause, in cases where Divine law comes into. action through hutnan'will, 'as in voivs and oaths.' In other cases, the- point is one of", controversy, whether he is empowered ' actually to dispense for some grave offence, or only to declare God's laid suspended for the time." ; Op the question oE whether it is lawful for Christians (missionaries in heathen lands, for example) to wear the vestments and symbols of false religions,. the answer is given,- that it is not .unlawful, if the primary use of 'the clothes be to cover the body, aud only the secondry to distinguish the sect. : > .... Here is a ease' of casuistry, aud a judgment upon it. The case — " Anna having been guilty of adultery, and being interrogated by her husband, who has - formed a suspicion, answers the first time that she has not violated, wedlock. The second time, having in the interval obtained absolution, she replies, ' I am guiltless of such a crime. ' ' The third time she absolutely denies the adultery, and says , ' I have not com- milted it ' — meaning within herself such particular adultery as I am bound to reveal ; or I have not committed an act of adultery1 that has to be revealed to yon. Is Anna to. be blamed?" The judgment— '' Gary's reply, ; to long;' to 'be given here, justifies, .' each' answer of . 'the adulterous woman, supporting liis ruling by a grave array of' Jesuit .authorities, 'amongst which figure Suavez'and St.', Ligburi." ; V . ' i So much lias 1 been " said lately , - about 'the; Ult ramontane idea of s piri trial indep'endencethat the "following authoritative statements ori'tlio aubjectwillbe welcomed. as useful :— ; ' ' "The State, " declares Father' Liberatoso, " " must understand itself to be'a subordinate sovereignity, exercising ministorial fuhctions under a superior, sovereignity, ' and governing the people conformably to the will of- that Lord to whom it is subject." That " Lord " is tHe , supreme Pontiff, " the visible monarch of God's; , realm upon earth," to whoni '" 'every baptised person is much more'strletlymljfeadMn'jo-'tiiy;.. 1 temporal rider whatever "TUe'civil.ruler qf a Christian people" . must be in subordination to the Christian priaethood, and especially to the Roman Pontiff;" . "The .temporal "sword symbol of civil authority, ' had . to be subordi nate to - the spiritual "sword, symbol of priestly authority,"— all ' which,'" we are told a few. lines' further 'on, "is a peremptory . sentence, to be Called' in' question by no one who" would be a true Catholic, " " The Church! is empowered to annul and to cancel the';'civil! Saws, or the Sentences proceeding from a secular! court, whenever these may be in collision with- the spiritual Vwdal. . The ' jurisdiction of the Church is higher than the Civil." . And; fit is within the competency of a superior jurisdiction to control the action of-.tho inferior, but in no case , can the inferior db this to" the siiperibr." . ' As things go, the Church of Rome' has fortunately not. the power to put its own prin ciples in force. But it were very foolish iu the friends of the .Reformation' ' to make light of the faot that the most powerful spiritual organisation iu the world is now under the control of men whose morality is nowhere,, whose ambition is insatiable, and whose persistency in the prosecution of their purposes would be boy ond all praise, if these purposes could, bo said to"!be truly 'represented' l>v the symbolical letters which they, emblazon upon, all their works','— " A.D.G.M."— Ad JM GloriamMajoram.' 1 "Silently, but.ruthlessy, " says the reviewer, ' "that stealthy organisation which calls itself' fcbe Society of Jesus— in grim pursuit of v/aat-it ca'ls the greater glory of God— has laid siege to, broken into, and razed those glorious 'and venerable sanctuaries — la Italy, in Germany, and above all in France — whence, duriug generations, there had beamed forth across the wide plain of the Catholic world, with the calmly.luminous glow of purified ligh t, the mellow gleam of - a" religious . sentiment, ivhich did not divorce -the fervour of Catholic piety froiii candid learning and heartfelt attachment to liberties, any more - than " it considered it essential for tho triumph of the faifclr to pro pagate a belief in coarse 'superstitions, aud to fortify the Church - by a network of trickeries.' Having succeeded; step by stop; in outlawing every, clement that betrayed a feeling for orgauie freedom, tho Society of Jesus,' in our time, has set the copcstono on their work by that momcntuous stroke- of the Vatican Council, which has dog matically identified the ' Church with the Order, and has practically transformed, at all ovents ,for the present, thejorganisation of the former into an enlarged house of the latter. 