AUSTRALIAN GHOSTS. FISHER'S GHOST. (Concluded from our issue of 18«fc vU.) That it ma the body of Fisher there could be no doubt. It might have been identified by personal marks, but on the waistcoat were some laige buttons that were instantly recognised as those which had been worn by Fisher for several yeare. Leaving the body by the side of the water-hole, with old Ben and the black to keep watch over it, Mr. Grafton cantered over to Fisher's house, in which Smith was living. Under pretence of taking Smith to see a piece of land that Mr. Grafton was anxious to purchase, that gentleman induced Smith to accompany him. Then bringing him down unexpectedly to the water hole, he confronted him with the decomposed remains just before drawn out of the water. "Look here!" said Mr. Grafton, pointing to the body, and at the same time fixing a scrutinizing look upon Smith's countenance, " these are the remains of Fisher. How do you account for their being found in the pond 1" With the greatest coolness, Smith got off his horse, minutely examined the remains, and then admitted that they were undoubtedly those of Fisher. He confessed himself at a loss to account for this discovery in that place unless perhaps it might be that somebody had waylaid him, and murdered him for the gold and notes that he had about him to take with him to England. Having done this, the pond would be the nearest place to dispose of the corpse." My hands," he concluded," are clean, thank Heaven! And if my poor old friend could come to life again, he would tell you that I had no hand in this horrible murder." The man's manner was so earnest, so ingenuous, that Mr. Grafton was staggered. The story of the ghost was a far-fetched and an improbable one, and as he looked upon Smith, and noted the concern that was painted on on his countenance, a concern that went just far enough to be natural and having in it none of that over acting of grief, that profuse declaration of innocence that the guilty too often commit the mistake of feigning, he began to ask himself whether, after all, Smith might not be innocent, and old Weir the guilty person. The latter might have committed the crime, and then, finding it weigh heavily on his conscience, and dreading discovery, might have invented this story of the ghost in order that it may be supposed that he had been led to the spot by supernatural agency alone. He might have imagined that, by thus voluntarily foraging the murder to light, he would escape from suspicion. In opposition to this view of the case, there was the fact that Weir benefited in no way by Fisher's death, and there was also Iris good character, his hand disposition, though last not least his dull intellect, which seemed to forbid the exercise on his part of so much imagination as would be required for the concoction of such a tale as he had narrated. These all operated strongly in favor of the presumption of Weir's innocence; but though appearances were consequently strong against Smith, owing to the circumstance ot his benefiting so largely by Fisher's death, Mr. Gralton was by no means satisfied of his guilt, though he felt it to be his duty to order him into custody on suspicion of the murder. An inquest was held, and, in addition to Weir and Mr. Grafton, Fisher's servants were examined. These all declared that their master had often talked of going to England on a visit to his friends, and of leaving Smith to manage his farm; and that, although they were surprised when Mr. Smith came and told them that the old man had " gone at last," they did not, knowing Ms "queer ways," think it at all unlikely he had done so. A -verdict of wilful murder was returned by the coroner's jury against Thomas Smith, and he was committed for trial. I need not say that the case excited a considerable amount of interest, or that when the day of trial came the court, was crowded to suffocation. The jury was composed of military officers, for in those days the colony had none of those institutions which have since been one by one conceded to ber. It might therefore be fairly assumed that the jury was not only an intelligent one, but that' it was one not likely to ifeadily receive the ghost stoiy, unless the jurors had reason to believe its correctness. The Attorney-General, in opening the case, called attention to the peculiar circumstances coiinected with the case, and frankly admitted that they were without precedent in the annals ofjuriaprudence. The only witnesses called •were Mr. Grafton and Weir, and these stated fjjg (circumstances that I have just narrated, i&nifli; 'dftfandtttl hifflnftlf with the utmost com* S S and^Wth, considerable ability, and S^examined ^ witnesses at great length, ^^S^mmateskilL ^ . prosecution SgSSsimth addressed the jury in his defence, admitting frankly at the outset that appearances were rather strong against him j but with the greatest ingenuity he proceeded to explain away all those points in the evidence that were calculated to tell against him. The power-of-attorney which he produced bad, he contended, been regularly signed by Fisher, and he afterwards called several witnesses who swore that they believed the signature to be that of the deceased. He further produced a will which had been drawn up by Fisher s attorney, and by that will Fisher had appointed Smith his sole executor in the event of his death. He declined, he said, to throw any suspicion on Weir, but he would appeal to the commonsense of the jury whether the ghost story that had been concocted was entitled to even the smallest degree of creait, and if it were not, then as plain, sensible men, let them ask themselves why it had been invented ? He alluded to the fact which he had drawn i'rom Mr. Grafton in his crossexamination, that when the remains were first shown to him ho did not in any way conduct himself as a guilty man would have been likely to do, although he confessed that he had been horror-struck on beholding the hideous spectacle of the disfigured corpse of his old friend, and at learning the untimely and awful fate that he had met. He concluded by a solemn invocation to the Almighty to bear witness that he was innocent of the diabolical crime for which he had been arraigned. The late Sir Francis Forbes was the judge who tried the case, and in commenting upon the evidence acknowledged that it was no easy matter to deal with that part of it which had reference to the apparition. On the whole, his charge, if it had a leaning either way, was decidedly in favor of an acquittal. The jury found Smith guilty of the murder, but only after deliberating for seven hours. The prisoner was sentenced to be hanged on the following Monday, no hope of mercy being held out to him, and I may tell you that in those days there was very little ceremony over hanging more or less, and when sentence of death was passed it was pretty well sure to be earned into effect. There was then no philanthropists to get up petitions— no political influence to bring to bear upon the Executive. Sentence was passed on him on a Thursday night, and up to Sunday Smith continued to declare his innocence. On that day, however, a change came over him, and he expressed a wish to see a clergyman. His wish was instantly complied with, and on a minister attending him, he voluntarily confessed that he, and he alone, had committed the murder; and that it was upon the very rail where Weir swore in court that he had seen Fisher's ghost sitting, that he had come upon the murdered man unawares, and knocked out his brains with a tomahawk. The powerof-attorney from Fisher to himself he also confessed to be a forgery, though he solemnly declared the will to be genuine. He was hanged on the following day, truly penitent for his crime; and Fisher's ghost was probably satisfied at having pursued the murderer to justice and having secured a hallowed resting-place for the remains of its former earthly tenement I imagine that it was so, for it has never been seen since. 