THE FREQUENCY OF RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. Time wab when the locomotive engine was an object of iceane fear and apprehension to people in general. When George Stephenson proposed constructing his first railroad, amongst the many stnpid objections with which he was met, was tho slngal&r; popular belle! that the smoke o! the ateam engine was poisonous, and would destroy all animal and vegetable life along the Iron traok, This bis torloil fact shows wltb what terror the steam engine was viewed when oar railway system was bnt In its infancy. Now, however, that the earth has become almost enolrcled In bands of iron, thla oblldiah dread baa vanlabed, familiarity has bred contempt, and people now have so little fear of the ono8dreaded Iron monster that they play Idiotic tricks with him, they ran carelessly about him when he la In motion, and It la only when one of them la ploked up a bleeding oorpae, that they suddenly remember that he la not to be trifled wltb. Yesterday two fatal aootdents on the Vlotorlan Railways were reported, and In eaoh cqb0 the victim's death was tho resnlt of his own culpable carelessness. The pilot of an en gine violates the rule of the department by jumping off when the train is In motion; he loses bk looting, beneath the wheels, and la crushed to death. The aeoond . case, near Sandhurst, Is that of a man deliberately walking on a portion of the line where three trains past in quick auweaBlon. In trying to eaonpe one, he la caught by another, la violently hurled down an embankment, ploked ap mor taly Injured and shortly afterwards expires. It might be expeoted that these frightful Incidents would teaoh the general public a BftluUry fear of tbe lion horse — not that stupid unreasoning four, of whioh wo have already spoken m having prevailed at the Initiation of tbe railway system In England, but a whole some fear of the oonsequences of Intruding on his epeolftl domain ; bat we fear thpt such an expectation will not be realised Foople will -not learn by experience. Tomorrow they will jump In and oat of carriages when In motion, and go daydreaming on the railway lines, as If a human being never bad, and never will be, killed by euoh dangerous praotices. There Is one phase of tbe subject, however, to which wo wish to call speoial attention. Mr Patterson, the Commissioner ot Railways, has recently notified that all persona detected in tbe aot of entering or leaving a train when in motion will be rigorously prosecuted. If It bo his Intention to impartially enforce this excellent rale, tbe first persons prossoutsd should be bis own offioors, for they are notoriously guilty every day of tho bad practice he deprecates. Fortora and guards make It a rale to jump on and oft whenever they please; and. though they rarely suffer for their temerity, an odd Instance like that reported yesterday as having oeourred at the Sooth Yftrrn station shows plainly that even an ex perienced railway officer Is likely to try the experiment once too often. Moreover, passen gers in general are lulled Into a sense of folse security by seeing how easily the guard oan jump into a moving train, and very naturally come to the oonoluslon that what one man oan do Is equally possible to another. Accordingly some ignoramus emulates the guard's example. He may possibly suoceed la olumelly getting In, bnt It t9 equally possiblo tbat he will slip In the attempt, and be knocked down, and either Injured or killed. Will Mr Psttorson, there fore, In the Interests of tbe general pnbllo, im press on hia subordinates the absolute necessity of atriotly complying with tbe departmental rules relative to trains in motion ? The Presbyterian Assembly met this morn ing, when the caBe of the Rev. Charles Strocg, although no mention was made of it In the notice papBr, cropped op. Mr Stewart, a member of the Presbyteryi moved a motion tbat tbe moderator ark the oonvener of tbe committee whether a report bad been prepared. This was carried and Mr M'Donald, tbe oonvener, informed tbe committee tbat the report wai not ready. A motion was ultimately carried Instructing tho committee to bring ap Its report at the meeting of tbe PreBbytery on tbe I2th Inst. Qolte a crowd was congregated !q Bourke street this morning, at the entrance to the Viotorla Arcade, the canse of tho assemblage being a rumor that Mr Card'a jeweller's shop at the entrance to tbe Arcade bad been broken into by burglars and another heavy robbery committed. The corner shutter being up, and a broken pane of glass being visible inside through tbe grated portion of tbo shatter gave some color to the statements ; but It tarned out upon Inquiry that tbey were muoh exaggerated If not wholly untrue. The window, It Is trne,was broken, but a portion of a large " star" on the glass still remaining In the frame was auftioieat evidence that tbe window bad cot been cut. In all pro bability the damage was oauBed by a thrust from a stick or In some similar violent manner, Tbe abutters used are wooden up to about the height ot a man's shoulder. Above tbat, each one is supplied with Iron grating, through whioh tbe Interior of tbe abop can be Been at any time, a light being kept burn ing all night. The constable who camo on duty at 5 o'clock this morning states tbat he pisred the Bhop repeatedly up to 7 o'clock, but of tbe damage war such that it might have been done long beforo without him seeing It, unlcs tbo placo was closely examined. Soon after 7 o'clock tho constable's attention was di ecled to the matter,and he at once despatched a message for Mr Card, tbe proprietor, who arrived and opened tho shop shortly bsfore 7 o'clock. It was at once seen that nothing very serious was the matter, and it ia even donbtfnl whether any goods have been stolen. At the outside Mr 0 rd thinks that only one or two articles of very little value can have b9cn taken. Seemingly the damage waa acci dentally done, or else was the work of larrikins, who simply Intended to take such artlclca as they oould purloin through the bare of the grat ing. Moit osrtainly the " job " is not the work of a practised baud. Ofootmo tbe rob bery at Webster's on Saturday night made tbe public more ready to accopt tho atatemont that another big burglary had been committed, bnt it will be learnt with satisfaction by tbe tradesmen of tbe city that snob is not tbe case. As to the robbery at Webster's there is nothing additional to report, E »oh deteotive, however, baa his own theory S3 to the perpetrators, some alleging that a couple of smart bande at thla business have recently arrived from Sydney, and are likely to bave committed the burglaries. Others have boen looking up the list of recent dieohargeB from Pentrldge and find tbat one or two burglars are among tbe number, and tbey are Buspeoted, Particularly it is mentioned that a person coneemed in a former sueoesaful burglary at a jeweller's shop has recently gained his freedom, The charge of assault preferred fay the hon. James Munro, against John Serjeant, late caterer at the Exhibition, was ventilated at the Oity Court this, morning, before Mr Call, P.M., and a bench of magistrates, Mr Leonard appeared to proseoate, and Mr Kane to defend the prisoner. Tae evldsnoe went to show that an unprovoked assault had been committed by tbe prisoner Serjeant upon Mr Monro, by striking him twloe la the eye and Inflicting wounds on bis faoe, Both parties met opposite tbe Argas Office in Collins Btreet, and tbo assault was there com mitted about 5 o'oloob in tbe afternoon, Tbo prisoner can away, but waa overtaken and given In obarge, He was this morning sent to gaol for two months, The sentence created a sensation In the court, which was orowded to excesB, \- One of the mild excitements of the day h&3 been tbe opening out and retailing of tbe Eng. Uflb fish brought out under the refrigerating prooess of tbe Lneitsnla, The shop of Mr Jenkins, fishmonger in Swanston-atreet, has been besclged all day long by a crowd of carious idlers, noxious to Bee what tbe fish were like, and a steady stream of customers dtelrons of procuring a sample of tbe firs English fiBh offered to the pafallo, It mast bo confessed tbat tbe appearance of the piscatorial dainties was not .of tbe moat inviting kind as they wereopened out, Tbe fish had been frozen Iq tbe baskets just as tbey were plied In, and the consequenoe was tbat they oame out in frozen masses, devoid of all symmetry, while all brightness and attraotivenesB to tbo eye were absent. Tbe turbot and soles particularly came out In a very . peculiar shape, while the haddock and tbe salmon look more symmetrical. However, those who have aesn and tasted the fish after tbey are tbaweland cooked are unanimous In stating that tbey re« gda muoh of their natural appearanoe, while tbey come to tbe table almost as if only a day or so out of tbe water. The tosh' for the salmon was vet? gte&t;, and before noon tbe whole consignment had boen disposod of. There was however n goad supply of splendid turbot, sole and haddock, and, besides, real Yarmouth bloaters. All those wore largely bought, and tho purchasers of tho consignment found no diffioalty in getting rid of tho lot: Tho retail prloo of the Blmon was 6s per lb; sole and turbot 4s, haddook 2s, and bio iters Gd eaoh. A statement has boen given onrronoy to by tbo dally journals to tho effeot tbat a young man, named James Mansfield, fell off coma trucks at tbo Hobaon'a Bay Rail way Station yesterday, sod rooelvod severs iujurhs through whioh he was admlttod to tbe boepital, There seems to have boen some mis apprehension of the fActs. Mansfield's own rlatemont is tbat between 9 and 10 p.m. on Saturday he was In tbe not of going down tbe step. at tho end of the platform leading to Peter Jibntouo'e (the signal and pointsman) b-ix, and while doing ao be tripped and fell, la falling he oamo on bis loft side on ono of tbo cross rails on whiah tho traversing tnblos ran. Tbe fall gave him the Injuries he sustained. It may not generally be known tbnt at the present time tbore is a oonsidorable mlnlog ex- cltement in Tairaanio, Tbe focua of this ex citement is at Lftuooeston, tho principal gold mines being In the northern part of the island. Tbo new Governor i wot at all impressed with the value of the T.tsinaoiAn mines, not withstanding that tbo yields havo bron Increased ten-fold within the past ten years. "By tho way," remarks tho I»%un- ceston corrtspnndect of the Hobart Town Mercury " His Exccllmoy Stc John Lefroy, during his tour In the North, hna been caroful to point out tho utter notability of mineral pursuits, and has luipreseod on his Ministers and tbe public the advantages of agrioulture as the mainstay of the country." The Mercury Is also apparently of Govomor Xiefroy'a opin ion, but posnbly this may bo duo to tbe au- cient rivalry between tbo two prluolpal towns in tbe island, tbo Hobart Town paper being jeal ous of tho increasing prosperity of Lauoceston, Nevertheless, they know how to " float" com panies at Lauoceston. One of the speculators' dodges is thus exposed by tho M-roury :— " Some of those engaged in manufacturing mining companies, and at their wits' end to Induce people to part with money foe scrip, have, as an inducement to wary capitalist?, hit on the nntablo dodge of oiroolatlog a report tbAt bis Excelloncy Sir Henry Lofroy bad utilised bis Inspection of the goldfields to Invest largely in mining shares, and the manufacturers of suob n canard will insist on it tbat it ia true. Even the authority ot the last Gazette has been quoted, A search bni revealed the possibility of an in vestor llvlog at tbo township of Lofroy bavlag been taken for His Excellency. Sime bright genius may bave misread 'John O'Hftra Lefroy,' as 'John Henry Lefroy.1 At any rats, the Mercury Is kind onougb to add that fcuey are In a position to eay that tbe Govurnor has not invested, and does not intend to invest a sixpence In mines In Tasmania, Some interest war exalted last evening by tbe production by Host Edwards of the White Hart of some fine solea and other English fish to exhibit to his austomers. Thoy seemed in Bplondid condition, and were muoh admired, They will bs cooked to- day, and bataltnea of tbo Whits Hart do not say much, bat are hope ful and nte no breakfast. Mr William Thornhill writes: — Referring to an article in a recent issuo of The Herald, headed " More Lamont Evidence," I beg to inform you that, abont a fortnight ago, a friend of mine called at my residence, and introduced me to one of the plaintiffs iu the Lamont will c»33. Tbe latter oalled on me a sroondtime, I have never spoken to anyone who gave tho name of Bishop, and only to one other connected with the onse, and he gave a different name. All conversation on toe sub ject was understood to bo confident!, I never stated that thero were meetings of Socialists, or oven c£ Spiritualists, at 1S5 Flinders street. Prom tho report referred to It Is to be inferred that, In my opinion. Lamont was insane, and under Improper influence. I did not intend to convey that meaning. There are other aerlons ioaocuraoles in the article, arising probably from misunder standing. A most pitiful cose of child abandonment camo under the notice of Mr Call, at tbe City Court, this morning. A little boy, named Thomas Walters, whoso age wai ouly three years, was found a fortnight ago In Lonsdale street by tho police, quite naked. When asked where his mother lived bo began to cry, Uuu liupiuruu tliu UUUBbUUlCD UUh bU OUUU UlliA buck to &cr.; Ho was muttering from a cut over tho eye nt the time, and cried bitterly whenever his mother was spoken of. He was tiken to tbe watchbouae, and th6 un natural mother subsequently arretted. The evidence of the polioc .his morning showed a most melancholy state of things. The obild had been born in gaol, and cmld tell the names of two-thirda of the prisoners there. He appeared to be as conversant with the gaol regulations aa a warder employed there, Some time ago, when his mother was on a drioking bout, tbo little fellow got a bottle of beer oft the table, and drank bslf Its oontentf. He became intoxicated and was for the time in a meat wretched state from its effects, It was also stated that he had been given beer by a number of women, the common property of whom be apprared to be. The Bench sent him to the Industrial School for seven years and his mother to gaol for twelve months, The following cases were admitted to the Alfred Hospital yesterday :— James M'Con- nell, suffering from compound fracture of the tibia, caused by a kick from a horse ; Henry Riddett, residing at South Yarra, suffering from Injuries to ribs, caused by being kicked by a horse while grooming him. Yesterday afternoon a boardinghouse keeper named Mrs Deering, residing in Lonsdale street, met a woman named Mary McKenna, who begged the sum of threepence to pay her fare to Collingwood, where she lived, as she said she had only just come out of tbe hospital and could cot walk the distance. Mrs Deering told her to apply to tbe tlmokeepor at tbe Collingwood cab rank and she would in all probability be accommodated, Mrs Deering then went up the street, and oa returning some abort time afterwards mot the woman MoKenna with a glass vase under her shawl wbloh she bad taken from tho mantelpiece In the front room of Mrs D wring's house. Con stable Oliver was sent for, and the woman a aid that if they would let her off she would give Mrs Deering two vaios in a little while In exchange for the one whioh ahe toak away However, ahe was looked up, and when brought before Mr Oall this morning, pleaded drunken- sees as an excuse, Sbo was sent to gaol for 48 hours. At the Willlnmstown Polios Court this morning, a young man.n&med; WUUam Deegin, who bad been before tbo court on several oc casions, and fined, was oharged with roeiitlng tbe polloe while In the exocution of their dnty on Sunday last He asked for one more ohaooe and would not offend again, The benoh did not oonalder tbo charge oould be overlooked, and fined defendant L2, or one month's im prisonment. While the Speaker's new rales of debate are on trial, it may be Interesting (says tbe SI, James's Gazette) to refer to the form of cloture In oommlttee adopted lathe House) of Repre sentatives at Washington. At any time dar- . ing the debates on a bill In committee, the following resolution, "sanctioned" (says Bar clay's Digest) "by long praotloe, " may be proposed ' That all dobate In Oommlttee of the whole House (or of the whole House on the state of the Union, as the case may be) on here insert title of bill or snbjeot on whlon It la proposed to olose debate shall cease here Insert time at which it is proposed to oloss de bate ,1! tbe committee shall not sooner come to a oonoluslon on tbe samo ; and tbo committee shall then prooeed to vote on such, amendments as may be pending or offered to the enmei and shall then report to the House with snoh amendments as may have been adopted by the committee." This resolution 1s authorised by a rule of tbe House providing for tbo dlsoharge of any committee from the further considera tion of any bill referred to It, "after aotlng without debate on all amendments pending and tbat may be offered." £The Iiynoh Family of Bellrlngera and Vocalists, who left Melbourne about a month ago on a lengthy overland tour to Queensland, at latest dates bad airlvod at Narandera, Mr Harry Lyncb, the manager of tbe tronpe, under cover of the 2nd Inst thus describes their jonrney up to tbat period ' We left Melbourne on the 1st of March, and after drawing large audiences at the varioos Inter mediate towne, crossed tbe boedev at Eobuoa on Sunday morning, tbe 20tb Inst, We spent tbe same evening with Mr Harry Burton, tho well-known olroua pro prietor, at bis station on the Mathoura, and it was a very pleasant evening Indeed, for tbe old veteran kept ni all alive with aoeodotes con nected with bis experlenoeo of tbe etsge and vlolsltnncs of oolonial lite. Mr Button Is now living retired, and the ever.popnlar ringmaster wlU probably never be heard again In hie old 1 sphere; but It Is to bo hoped wany happy yi are are yvt iu storo for one who has travelled Auitralaila, in the profession, more and oftonor than any llvln« man."" After two or three nights at Denillqulu, we started for Hay (bO miles), ine weather was lotemoly hot, and tw&ofour; buggies being open onos, tho journoy to tho occupants wsa no treat. We did , 45'inilos the fit. t day and tetohod Hay the foflowlog after noon. I duubt If you oould form nuy idea of this part of tbe world.. Thoro is no her- bftgo. everything is dried up, ond uo watar— I.e., the only water obtalnsble " Blllabong," and a few roadeido ' pube, for which you pay slxpenoa a Binall buokot, and then in tbe majority of osees it fa so brackish that it Is baToly fit for animals, lit alone human beings. How tho poor fel lows— (and tbpy ore legion), who swag it aotcsslho "Old Man Plains" got along Heaven only knowf, but their sufferings sometime! must be really terrible. We passed sooro) on tbo road and nearly everyono asked us for water. Ono poor fellow, who seemed iu tho lost stage of exhaustion, we saw about 20 miles from Hay. Ho wm lying on tho open plain exposed to tho burning sun> and famishing for woter. We did what wo oould for bim and brought bim into tho township. Tbe road from Wanganilla to Hay is strewn with tho oaroaaea of oattlo who havo perished or- rfllng tho dry arid plains. One peculiarity more prominent in tho Old hlan Plains than any where eleo I have notioed is tho colonies Ib tbo "mirage." No matter where you look, lakes aud beautiful streams of wa'.er nro everywhere discernible and to snob n degree of reality that— old stagers as wo are— on several ocos?Iodb wo were uamiet-kably disappointed. How muoh more so must the poor woury traveller bo who with a heavy swag on his back, parohod and thicety, sets in front of him a splendid sheet of water, to all appoeraaoe as otaar as crystal. He puahts on, and though weary aud ready to faint, at last reaohes the deairtd bavco, but only to dlsoover what many find life to be — a eliam and cruel doiu lon. Hay Is a busy aud bustling little towo, and is blessed with ono speciality not easily forgotton, viz., mogquitos. In that respect no parson who visits the looallty will leavo It without an Idea that the township is pretty well furnished with that undesirable article, I oan vouch for my people. oarrylng that impression with them t:> a very largo extent even up to now. We left Hay on the 27th, and arrivtd here Lot night. Tbo first part of the jouroey was favorable enough bub the last 80 miles was really terrible. Heavy rains oamo oo, the plains were sonn covered with water, ana the peouliar black soil rendered rapid travelling, or Indeed locomotion at all, nearly an impossibility. The third day out we only made 11 miles, and tho fourth about 21, con sequently wo were bushed three nights through inability to make our arranged stages. Altogether our trip up the Murrumbrldgeo will not soon be forgotten.. Although two days late, tbe peoplo here wero very good, aud last night despite our Lte arrival, crowded tho hall to onrflowing. Alter a three nights season here we prooeed to Juneo and Temora. A very pleasant re-ualon took place at Kennedy's Hunt Oiub Hotel, Little Oolllns B'reet.last evening, nt tho oloso of the perfor mance at tbs Opera House. Mr llronnir, whose Capitaine Robert In La Fiile du Tambour Major Is so well kuown,hnd invited ono or two brother arilst. Mr Van Goelo (the leader) and the whole of tho members of tbe orchestra to supper, nu invitation whioh without almost a siogle exception wai accepted, A very com plete entertainment bad boon propared by HoftKennody,atnrng othofohoioeviands on the table being eome English haddook, which had been brought to Victoria In a frozen state. Mr Brcnnir, in a cent and humorous speech, ex plained tbat the whole affair was Impromptu and informal, and asked his friends preient to enjoy tbemselron purely after their own fashion. Several toasts were proposed and in reply to the health of tbo orchestra, Mr Van Guele hoped to be present at maoy other such pleoBsnt gatherings as that inaugurated by Mr Bsennir. Altogether a very enjoyable time was. spent. To say tbat Lb Fillo da Tambonr Major was well attended )aBt night would be a work of -supererogation. As a matter of faot tho honsc w&s; orowded to tbe doors, and to all appear- anoe tbo rush is likely to continue for tho next twenty years. The Theatre Royal wab crowded last nhhb to witness tho representation of Kerry Gow and the presentation of a testimonial to Lay- cock. The pieoe wbb well pLyed, and the really excellent aotlng of Mr Walton was loudly applauded. Miss Dooy Stewart's aroh nntlnv Anil nlnAfilnp anntmrannn nnnfcrlhnfcid not alUtls to tba saoceBs of the petfocmanoe. That charming little theatre, the Bij on, wrs wrll attended last night, and the etyle In which tho new drama of L'z is presented bids fair tn Induce a lengthened ran. Mrs Low!., after her ab.ence in another colony, is doubly welcome to her old admirerB, and ia well re ceived, For the performance of Hamlet nt the PrinoesB's Theatre last night, na might be expected, the theatre was filled to the doors. MI.e Willis made one of the moat charming Onhella, seen for a long time, and Mr Stnart O'Brien1. Ghost and Mr Stone- ham's Lnertco wore both excellent pleee. of acting. To-night a complimentary benefit will be tendered to Mr Dillon, when Mr Hoahlne will play logo to Mr Dllloa's Othello, To-morrow will be tho last night of tbe Lan< oaehlre Laee, and on Thursday tbe popular manager, Mr Seymoar, will take a benefit, which should bo one ot tbe biggest successes of the season, Tho Znlu panorama contlnnes to make itself extremely popular. The hall la nightly filled, nnd tbe enterprlee ot the proprietary In tbe distribution ot valuable gifts appears to be much approclated. 