PROFESSOR PRPPEW'S T1CUTURES A large, fashoiouablle, andu appreciative audience .assembled in the School of Arts on Tuesday evening last to hlear tile first lecture in this town of tlhe cele brated Professor J. H. Popper, of the Royal Poly technic Institute, Loondon. The size and select cha racter of tihe audience, apart from tihe enthusiastic lmanner in whichl the Professor was received. were conclusive proof of the falsity of the asclvtions which have been mnlde in certain quarters that thie people of Ipswich arc iincLpable of appreciating and do osot patronise lectures of a Ihigh class clhanectr. From all we can leiarn the audience were delighted, aol tihe hearty applause wlhich greeted the msore isterest ing of thie e?Ipersimets showed how admirably tihe lecturer succeeded isn making plain to the mindsn of Ilis hearers those portions of the iutricate, yet Ibeauti ful ad wonudlerful, subject of which hle treated. "Light and Optics"-the relatiocu of light, heat, alsd electricity to the meehanuism of vibratiois-formied the first part of the lecture; anud in his introductory remarks, which wesre delivered withll a fluency aud a listiuctness that stamips the P'rofessor as an or-ator of io miea orider, Ie explained how the prince of scientists-SirsaacNeowton -firstdiscovered thctrue comspositioi of liglst. The Professor then intro luced some exceedlingly intcrsotiing and beautiful ex lierimento illushtrative of the vierctslons of sousl. lie demonstrated how the soundl of music could be turnedl of or ou just in thie same way as gas. A little iusical instrumeit was set agoing, placed iu a box, aund tihe lid closeld dlown in order to reader its niotes inaudible to those in the hall. Tie P'rofessor thes placedl onle edil of a smsall wooden rod in cotacet with tle ihstrumesiit, aind upoi the othler end hle lheldl a susll oblong box madul exactly for the purpose. Directly the rodl caoe in contact with thie mIusical instrusment the souodl was transsittdl along it to the box at thie other esd, ndu the audiclleuce could again hIear thie imusical ssounds quite distinCtly. Thue lecturer oxplaised that this was exactly tihe saoe principle upon which the telegraph aud the tele phone wrue worked; adl a bIetter, simspler, and clearer illustnratiot of the woelers of the electric wire could searcly hIave bcen gives, aid especiatly in regardl to the later and equally imarvellous dis covery which, tihe Professor remarked, had Ibeen very appropriately termed the telepluoe. \We eannot describe fully thle may interesting exstciinientot whichl foiredi thie first portios of the lecturel, Ibut we must iot omsit to imenotion a curious Cexpcrimenit by which musileal notes audibleto the car were riehdered visible to the eye. By slmeaus of an appasntus, u venuted sy Pilcher, asd with the aid of a powerful light, the notes were throwsn upon a scrceen on the t·ge-l-iarnony being represested by a porfectly round 0. discord by an obhlMog ligure, aLd :tin octave bIy thie ligure 8. The scecd part of the estertdin ment csmprised a number ifs pretty dioramuie views illustrative of '" voy;ages in the air." The Imany aeOial macuiehiues which haveC fromi timse to time bees inventeld wcre reproduced oni tlhe screen in a most pctislct mansner, the comsicl aud Ihdic ross niature of some of trireisore alicient of tile invesitioas to navigste tie air seratinjg much asmuse ment. The first one shown wass ' thitowhich tradition. told us haul Ibeen invented by a Persias King, vho was carried aloft in a car Isorne ou tihe wings of four ravenous eagles, who were inpellced upwards by tesmpting pieces of imeait held before their huisgry gaze, assi the last the 'manmodtli bhuloon which was used in Firance during the time of tise 'Paris IExposi tion, anl'd whlich was chlmratcerised biy the'lecturer as being the largest ever invented, but vwhich, through the carelessness of thie person in charge of it, was compoletely ldestroyedl througlh a cxplosion. The perilous radvestures by both land andi sea in the airial ears were splendidly repmdicel, as were also a ussi-s ber of sceess in conuection with the siege of lParis, when halooos'playeh so importaut a part iso the coa veyance of dispaitches for the hcleoguered city. Some grausd sceselry ill cloullaond, as seen by saloon ists at a distasce of fourer live mils fro thrt earth, was also shown.u aosd elicited--as weull it might-the warmest pilaudits of the ausdieste... As optical delu sion sntitled the "Danscisg Skcleton"--a grotesqoue and luminous transparetucyproducedl on the eorceu- which created a good deal of anmuseumenst, brought a. successful ansd mIost instructive eOtertaiusulls t to s. close. Mr. i. Gins presideiaot the piano, aid adlded msuch to the nl~nuro of the eveoiing by his excellcnt Last night Professor Pepper delivered his secold lecture to a larger audience than he heul on the pre oedilg Fvening, and to an 'aqually.appreei.tive one.' The first portion of the eitertaimioet was a coatinao. tion of the first part of that of thle previous night. lnd the wonders of scienllee as displayed in light and colour were treated of. First the wave or ulldula. tory theory of light was lspokeli about. a;ird melrouel illiistitive examples were givenl. The Professor next explained tihe pmperty of persistencecof vision, so coluuuou to us all thalt we are apt to lose sight of it. This swas exeomplifiled in valous ways, but in ione mIor simiply tlhau by a'lighted rod waved in frolnt of the abrieen. After it lurs ceased to Ie mnoved the irings of light re?ond ed, or appearled to do so. An experiimeit with trio glass tubeos, fitted so that they might Ie rapidly revolvei wasa really beautiful, the electreic flashes given off making it appear as though tlemr wei'a mualtitude of tubes Instead of merely twoo. The astrometro scope and kaleidoscope nrpresetattions so:lid form all endless mieasll of annluslncllte lit perlhaps no scientific experiment of the eveninig anised ilore general interest ailnl pliesure thanu one shleoing the diffsiou of light through wa- ter. A atronUg oxyhy ldrogen light was pilacedl behinld a cylililricialbhaped Vessel containing water in such a imainer tlhant tile light could lie seen by the audcience thromlghl a little" glass window in tihe cylinder. lWhen the water was allowed to Ilow forthl from the vessel it did so as a streien of lighlt, colourcld according to the ihue of the light dili'sed tlhrosgh it. Amusinfg lshadow effects iand elfects of nniltiple reflection were also lshown. After the interval, imlerous vieswh in relpresentation of the use andi actions of toulpedne welre sllown uipon the screnl, Iultmbly tile spa,; Wohite head, and frellnan torpedoes. uMany of them welw troii pllhotognsphs by the I:itilsh Governiminct, and showedl amonig othershiigs,'thecolumni if water cant iup ly su)lmunrine tiosipedlo;: A.t the lProfessor said, tliese tended to sho'w thle need of nations keeping up the 'stuly of sciuea if they wmell nialitait n their position. The entcrtsimiienit concluled' with'au cx hilitionof the ldancisngskeleton. M. M (. fliinn agini killdly piresided at thle pisino, his selrvices ileinig pul ticly recogniseol hiy the irmfessor. A grand dxtra night is aNIosnceuI for tlhis ervening, whlno tile wsrld senowneed " lPepper's lGhost" is tnl makiilce its appear ance; also otlher scienltilie wonedeso. The ghost alone would lie sufficient to anttlact large audience. Part 1. will iiclude the 6sxyhydr?ged microscope virews.. By this instreument small ,bjeetu are imagui fled. to a. giguatic sizc-at n iuii ii s 30,10001 the mitural size. The classienl nall poetical stolr of Pygmainlion anul Galateen, with marvecllous illusmonary ef~ets is alsointroduuced; hslilst thie Wa'l lk ThroughLI ftoulos" canuiot fail to lie of tile greatest interest to many lwho lirve seen thlelnighlty city, hat not for ye?a'r past. To-morrow nigl t an astronomuical lecture willbh given in thle l'.resbyteriau Clhurch. T"iis was delivered biy Prolfeesor PEppeor on two fliecial occ-sioins in the Crekhstrct L'rubhytcerian Church, lBrisbane, nod it ic such au intercsting leetore that we feel certain that all uwho possibly co still hriil tlhemsel'es of the opportunity of Ihpauing it. W\'e refer our readers to the advlertiseincits iI anlotller couullll for a synopsis of the twso lectures. -ower, the bushranger iaiy.s ; m7e;Tgi , wHo i, still at Peutridge, may be iaid to'h be nearly the lastof the class of histoeical criminals in Victoria. Tean years ago lie was the terror of the northern districts, and for a tihne evaded all the efforts of the police and detectives to capture him, although he had stuck up persoss unider the most daring eircumetances, had visited Melbourne on one occasion, abd also the volunteer enarmpment at the Little River; had stood ibsilde several of the officials, and drunk at the saume Ilr, without being recognised. Durinig'the last few years he has aged very iucli, and a long white heard gives himi quite a venerable appearano .' Som0ie time ago he was visited Iy two ladies, Who ofieoid, if 'Power were liberated, to provide for him duHfig the reniainler of his life.' These laides areweAll'known for their humane and benevoleist diapositltia;, and IPower having formerly rendered tlin'solme'service, they desire to recomsipense it Iy providing bint with a " home" in hisold age ' " Unseemly wrnugles have taken place bitween thle physicians . over I'residlent ( afield,, case. They accuse each otlier of.iUncolmpetency,,:pedicth ing a fatal ter-mination. Thee all, is npt. even proied for, and on two occasions its presenqe has c;uised asceuniulation of pus,, proedncig alarming syisptoms. G uiteast, the apsassint glories jn.,s act, nild litopie tie President will die. Notoriety seens his chief desire..... . At a meeting hell in 'Lbridid recently tociate a fund with which to pay off the'debts ion th Con gregational Chumrles, and to improve the Ilinbme of the ministels, a proposal was niade that tha fund should be £5000. Thereupon, Mr. R. 8. Hudson, a well-known miemler of tlie body, exclaimnei' "That's all innssense ; I intend to give £20.000 myself." He isfterwards put his Inmenc own for that aihoatiit Mr. S. Morley followedl witlih a gift of £5000,' ud in thirty minutes £5,0.00 was subscried. ' "Deacon," said a weidow, as slie h)eaved lBlong drawn sigh, and softly imised two tear-hlejewelled eyes to his, "don't you sometimes have ayesnrning for the sweet coiiipaitonshllip of a kindred .oul to share the joys ani sorrows tlhat walk, twip-like, with In through all the varied scenes of life?' ..'fiWell, widow, ".ighed the old deacon in reply,,i I'vreoinder Ihad a yarnling all the evenii', libut I tliought niaybe it was them coldl beaus I eat for supper." . Whenl Edwanr Jenlier vaccinated a boiiiitie cow pox lylphl tolken' from thil hand ofa klatryih?ld. en the14th of May,l17)0,.and then'bn tl'lmleit6f the followieg dlly proved: his liatient 'to" hle 'leeur againist snall-pox hIy actual inoclatilitddi 'it: that vtrlus, lie was opposed and ridlelited liy'thde'ivhole inedical plrofession. ' Six yera aft'rWaanis tlie' f ouse of Commons voted .him a granit of '10,000;,'nil five years after that another granl of' £?l000I fdr the services his discovery liad icidered to sti~i se of humnanity. :' The London corespoudent of; the i.i L. iferua writes :-Lancashi're has proved the! .dliampion cricketing county this i season. . t,,dlafearid:ilou cestershire (the teamn of the Graces) with remniarable case. While scoriag between 200 and SPO .Shem selves, tlhe Lacaslhire men sent down tfe wickets of (louuester in thie irsht innings for forty-twoirnus, aud a little over 100 in the sccond. 'Yorkshire be 'ani wellf his season, but.accidents to Ulyetttitheir tast bat, and to Hill, their bowler.: have weakened the teaim for the tilite bing. Myers and hernill, the Aimerican athletes, are still atcitndig sports, and iaiaittini their eltatus as alatolrs. Myers aes re mained uueonquered at the.quarter-mile, overriug it in 'the quickest amateur, time on rncordm 48 1-5I seconds. He was bailly boaten in tlheu00.garde. and Merrill, thle " walkist," wars lean walked off his feet by an ,unknown Yorkslhiremeku ;in a' ovcu-mile contest. Mmr'ill, to. iuoteitli sporting ,phlamse was "f'airly ltretclhed,". Iut le never could get o'dnpeak ing. teruis with tis oinpopust, at whildeugaged on the fourth miile the iUtkee threw upis handa and fell flat on ids face. .. ,,. !-.to : Wslest Qsceen rVietoais in tertaind thn 'l~Wtazr, shlortly after the ilarriarre of hls"danugliimter' the Duk-e of Edinburgh, gsold'plate to the value of 810,000,fO00 was used. Here's where kings anil czars lhaeVethe-bulge~;it e ilo---If we were to dine with tlie Que-e we dofl't:suiposoe she would place any more thlan 82,500,000 morthl of gold plate on the tiblde. lt whilt it eunros to fre paseafOn n circus tile editor is alibnd.--.Saip f'lssici 'e??erffkf. On ,TJune 28 the now wet.dock which ihad heen con atru'ted at Leith was formally openetl by Ha'Royal Iligihness the lJukceof ilditnburghl,'.ilTlianinmpqotant Mworlk was begun about seven yeirs ago byhrthe re claimiing of about thirty acres oflmladirom 'tl?e sea, thle greater part of the area having beej aclqireid by the NNorth Iritisli anil Caledoniain RailwayCom pauies. The principal ilocLk.iseixteenelis'rein ex tent, the total leigthl.of the alis beingh100ft.l and the width 715ft. A gravingpck'has alaobben conl atructed on the easterun side.. .'he priiciphl dock is entered from the from w from' tlhe:AlbertI Dock, the nutralnce passage being 270ft. loqg naldifih~ll'nad. The Ibottoinof the dobk is laid wMith. celunenboncrete 4ft. thick.. Upwards of.100,000iyasd ofastone was used in building tiledock wtald, -wlileddlOUO tons of litnestone was used'as lime. .'Fifve sheds Arebeing ereetod on the nouth Quay,.eadl 200ftdongihy40ft. wide. This is thle fifth lock w'vliiuh has eeaibuilt it Lcitlh during tile present entury.'itd givessiumple proof of tihe prosperityanid d?tclopmenutofithdtrule of thie port. Tihecoutractorsifortlheiiew'dotkswere Mesb's. iSeott and ]hrest. The engineee e'ede'Meesers. liellldall iuil litbertsouC G.E.. The totalcoetniaounts to about £400,000. '. . .. ,. =.? . ... .: .. ' ''' , ? 