SATISFACTION. By J.anet Cabeoll. i And I will place within them, as a guide, 1 My umpire conscience. t Mtt.tok's " Paradise Lost." Thb little cottage, called, by courtesy, < "TheParsonage," in Bolunda, is wrapped in < titter darkness, save a bright gleam of lamp- ] light that illumined the tiny, curtained { l window of the minister's room. Hie little * township is at. rest, all the day's noise and: < broil are past, and eyery tired bead is on its pillow. Even the noisy jingling hotels are: , dosed—no light anywhere but this glaring ,, square, which, by its brightness, makes the dark night darker. Humphrey. Gray, the minister, sits— though it is past midnight—at his writing , desk, his head supported on his hands, an open diary before him.« As he reads audi turns the leaves slowly, the gravity of his always grave face-becomes more settled, more sombre. By-ahd-bye Humphrey Gray lifts a lined,: drawn face, wearily closes the book, and in a few minutes Bolunda is all dark. So passed the young minister's last night in Bolunda. To-morrow be leaves for a distant congregation, and the brawny, toil-hardened : miners, as they passed the Parsonage in the early morning-on their way to work, wished him God-speed in their hearts. He was part and parcel of the place, they said; Bolunda wouldn't be Bolunda without him. They didn't care for preachin* chaps, as a rule, but Mr. Gray was different. So they tramped along, indignantly anathematising the powers that controlled and which had ordered Mr. Gray's removal. He had been with them seven years; he had seen Bolunda grow from its Infancy of tent and shanty to its present imposing maturity of cottage and hotel, and every rough-bearded face in the place was familar to him- He was loved by the poor for his zeal and kindness. Over the mining portion of his congregation his influence was very great, and, though he did uot effect sudden , and magic.conversions, a few well-timed words from him had often reformed the most \- inveterate drunkard. The rich sought his -society anxiously, for there was a strange mixture of pnde and humility in Ms character; his manner and- bearing were those of a perfect gentleman, mid in a democratic community like that of Bolunda goodbreeding is quickly seen and justly appreciated. Mr. Gray was accompanied on his journey by Fred Hathaway, a young overseer who wished to look up the interior grazing grounds for intending purchase. When .they reached the topofthe hill which overlooked the littlej -mining township, Humphrey .-Gray turned his ■ horse's head and stood some moments • thoughtfully surveying it. While thus taking •"[ his silent farewell, a sqft regretful look stole & aver his stroiig,proud faces and into his blue, ifrtfemayw*" ■ •*-. -• ;•••« ■ The mexto day's eummer sun poured its merciless Tays<>n our travellers, who, wearied and. uncertain; of their route,ride here and there in search of thelost track. > "We'll never get-out of this dense bush to-day, unless, as I think, we are > in the vicimty of Broyburo home station. If so, we're all right,1 and, as the nags are done up,. what do' you.. say to a- rest - at- Milmau's ? Robert Milman is no end of a nice fellow j he'll be glad to see us. I wouldn't like to pass Brayburn, so say the word Mr. Gray, and I'll find the track from the top of this big bare hill here .to the right; I know it well, we camped at the foot of it on the other side last shooting season." ; Mr; Gray, acquiesced in his quiet way, aud MUman'a station was reached in the dusky evening.. Yoting Hathaway was welcomed in the home circle at Brayburn warmly aud kindly. The reception of his friend was not less kind, but they treated him with more j deference. I After Mrs. Milman—who was an invalid —had retired, a tall, pale girl came into the room. Mr. Milman introduced her as— " My daughter Ruth." Miss Milman, as Mr. Gray called, her, (Fred familiarly called her Ruth), was a sweet-faced girl with pale, wellcut features, and thoughtful grey eyes; though ' her manners were quiet and unassertive she seemed the directory of the establishment.. Mr. Milman continually appealed to her on points in his conversation connected with the nouses, the gardens, the horses, or even the latest European telegrams. Ruth corrected and decided everything; yet, withal, was so unpretending, so feminine, that Humphrey Gray, by admiration, of her, was moved out of his selfish moodiness and sorrow. He talked to this quiet, grey-eyed, little Ruth as he had never talked to any woman in his life, and he retired to rest happier for it. He did not know he was happier j but he was so, for he did not take out the great black diary and pore over it, or sit aud stare before him for hours as had been his wont in the little' Bolunda Parsonage/ and weary nights long ago in the sparsely-furnished student! chamber of his Edinburgh lodgings before ordination; but he looked out of the window up to the starlit sky, and said softly to himself : " I will lighten my burden by some day sharing my secret with saintly-eyed little Ruth, if I daTe." He leaned out over the window-sill, the stars twinkled over his head, and the night owls moaned surlily among the distant trees as he murmured in rapt, reverent tones: " Deliver me from blood, Oh God!" . Fred found many excuses for protracting their stay, and as Mr. Gray was not due at the scene of his new labours for many days, he was glad to partake of Mr. Milmau's genial hospitality* and enjoy quiet little chats at intervals -with Ruth. She told him "with her serious smile that she could not entertain him, she had too many employments. She: taught the two sturdy lads, Hugh and Harry, who were now having holidays in honour i of the visitors. They had never known any other teacher, and Mr. Milman made it a proud boast that Hugh, who was only thirteen years old, would he fit to take his place among the senior hoys next year at school. On the third evening from the'date of their; visit, Fred Hathaway and his host being absent, Mr. Gray, who stayed in to write he said, sat looking over a photograph album at the table, opposite Mrs. iClman's invalid chair, while Ruth sewed busily at a far away window. Suddenly the minister's face grew set, and a hunted look crept into his blue eyes. " Mrs. Milman, who is that please ?" I " Thai 1 Oh my poor hoy." "Mamma," said Ruth, in alow, warning voice, as she laid down bier work and came towards: them. Mrs. Milman's lips twitched painfully, her hands clasped and unclasped the arm of her chair for a few moments, then she laid back her head and closed her eyes. " She has fainted," Ruth said, hurriedly, in a relieved tone. " Please go away, Mr. Milman, and when she recovers she will have forgotten the cause of her swoon. You must not mind," Bhe continued, reassuringly. " Don't look so troubled about it. Mamma is very delicate, you know." Pointing to the | bright, boyish face in the album, she said : "It iB my brother, my only brother, Archie, and he is dead. You know, Mr. Gray, I am Ruth Iiesly. Many beside yourself make the same mistake about my, name. I will tell you about poor Archie's death after mamma has retired this evening, . It is our one sorrow, Mr. Gray," Humphrey Gray reeled from the room like a drunken man. Strong agony.. gleamed in his blue eyes and lined his white forehead. All; the horrid' past came surging up again. It had always shadowed and menacingly followed him. How it was tagging at his heart strings, crushing and overwhelming him with its frightful horror. He walkedunsteadily down to the creek-side andleaned against a great tree. Ruth had sat in its coqlshade only yesterday watching ■the boys row their, tiny craft on the water. He had seen her from tlie house, and he. could not help thinking of it now—how pale and slight she looked in her cool white dress, and how carefully her serious grey eyes followedthe movement® of the little lads. He wanted to; think of her as yesterday—gentle, sweet Ruth Milman, the brothers1 guide, and directness, the mother^ stay and comfort, old Robert Hfrilnmn'fi treasured daughter, and bis own little lore. Hot as to-day—not Ruth Lesly with stern, sorrowful face, tending that, heart- tnpken mother with the terrible tale of a brother's murder horerj&g; oa ^fjr j i lips, Ruth Lesly with a great impassable golf of blood between them. The sun wentdown at length, but the last hour of his. shining brought furrows to the poor paLe face so prematurely aged, and streaks to the wavy masses already, grey. The prostration of spirit and mental anguish had been sore, the struggle had been hard, but his great strength saved him. " I shall leave Brayburn to-morrow, and Ruth will know," he. said. " Clot a headache! Well, it's been a roaster to-day, X know. Pity you didn't come outf; we had fine sport. . Birth wishes to know if you'll come down, or take a cup of tea up here. She's as pale as a ghost herself—Mrs. Milman had an attack of her illness this afternoon—poor little girl! I say, Mr. Gray, I don't mind telling you this," and Fred put the caudle down and stood beside his friend, his bright young face full of eagerness and earnestness :—" I've asked Milman for Ruth to-day. I've loved her ever since I first saw her three years ago, and I'm trying hard to get rich for her, but it's awfully slow work. Ruth doesn't know, and I don't want her to know yet. She likes me I'm sure, and I'm satisfied with that now. MilmauVa brick; he listened to me right through, then he said his little girl's liappiness was all he wanted, and that when Ruth would say Yes to me, he would be ready to do his part. Row you see why I came here when we lost the track." As he finished he laughed awkwardly, he was so surprised at his friend's silenoe— 'surprised and angry. " You'll have the tea I suppose, if you're so bad as that." Humphrey Gray, haggard and weak, rose up and stood before him, and laid his hands on the broad shoulders of the young man. " Fred Hathaway, you are good and honest, and you say you love her; but do you love her? Can you make her sad young life happy? Can you give her such love as she requires ? You know what she is ? Row, answer me. Are you worthy of her ?" " Really, Mr. Gray, you frighten a fellow. Don't put things so seriously, and look so tragical. I do love Ruth Lesly with all my heart, and I will try to be worthy of her if she will have me." "Yes, my boy, try hard to be worthy of her." "Dear old fellow, you look so ill; your eyes are dull, and your face awfully pale. In for a fever I would say if I were a doctor. What will you take ?" " Rothing.. I will come down by-and-bye, after Mrs. Milman has retired. My appearance might frighten her, you know. I'll come down for a cup of tea when you're at billiards, and all is quiet." "All right." A oouple of - hours dragged away theuj weary length, then Humphrey Gray, with strong resolution on bis face, walked down to the lighted drawing-room with the black-j bound diary in his hand. He had hoped toi find Ruth there, but she was not, and he walked up and down the room, waiting fon her, with short, decisive steps, the rigidity ofj his mouth never relaxing from its expression of fixed determination of purpose. A girl brought in a tray with his tea and an apology, i from Miss Ruth. Her mamma wished her to stay with her this evening, and she hopea Mr. Gray's headache was better. f He drank off a cup of tea, and, hastily de-i taching a leaf from his pocket- book, pencilled; —" Dear Mass Lesly,—I leave Brayburn earlyj in the morning. Why, you will know wherj you will have read what I leave in youq hands—the records of my early life. Searcl^ them keenly but kindly, and when you come to that entry do not reproach me. It was unpremeditated in thought and action; i» has haunted and embittered every hour o| existence since. Do not you too. rise up in judgment against me. Out of your charity and great gentleness of heart, think kindly of me, little Ruth, and my burden will not bq so heavy.—Hxtmphbey Gbay." Mr. Gray gave note and diary to the houser maid, and charged her to tell Miss Lesly thai he requested her to delay the reading oji them till the morrow. The girl departed^ and he found his way to the billiard-room, where the balls clicked merrily, and Mr, Mil man and Fred, in their shirt sleeveB, were excitedly chalking and scoring. « " Going in the morning. My dear sir, I won't hear of it. If you're ill ibis is just thfe place for you. Ruth's a capital nurse." I "Mr. Gray," put in Fred, as he saw np sign of relenting on his friend's pale face, " wait till Thursday. Do. I can't go ti|l Thursday, and I don't like the idea of yoja doing that eighty-mile journey alone in your present form." I But Mr. Gray, having courteously thankejd his host and commissioned adieus to the ladies, shook Fred kindly by the hand, and : went out to the stables, ordered his horse f6r his early ride, ascended the stairs to Ids room, and locked the door. ' " I am a daughter of Eve, hut I can leave, it till the afternoon," Buth said to herself with her sweet grave smile. And in the afternoon when mamma was comfortably asleep, and all was quiet in the upper regions of the house," she carried the book andlit|le twiBted note to her own pretty room, hud, kneeling beside the window all ablaze with sunlight, she deftly arranged the curtains las a screen, and with a happy, expectant look jin her eyes, mid the smile deepening the curves of her lips, Bhe opened and read. Bath read the pencilled lines again, and again, and soft compassionate tears stood5 in . h$r eyef as she. tpokthe thicldydwiind black diary in her hands, her slender fingers on its clasp as though reluctant to open it. She lingered thinlusgly some moments over the fastening, then with a sudden flush crimsoning her neck and face, she re-opened the note and kissed the, signature. She turned the leaves slowly, and read many pjiges with the same happy smile play-; ing round her. mouth, but soon her eyes became riveted on one page. She read it over "many times, while growing horror distended he|r eyes and whitened her face. It was a page bearing date more than fifteen years old:— "11th- Came to London to-day. Met two old chums, Tom Tillotson and Frank Craydon. Tom's going to have some fun with a young fellow whom I saw, at the Club this morning, a soft-looking fellow named Archie Lesly. Tom will put Frank and me up to the lark to-night he says. I am sorry I must take the boat for Calais to-morrow. They want me to stay, too. "12th. Am glad I caught the boat. I wouldn't like. Otter to have seen me. last night. . Poor old Otter! He's so straightlaced. , It's too bad. though, that, after all his lessons and kindness, I couldn't be a man one day out of bis sight. " The besetting sin of the age is drunkenness. My boy, set your face against it," he used to say. I couldn't help myself withthose fellows last night, but I am sorry for the part I took against young Lesly. I'm sorry I * jibed him so about his riding-—that was Tom's lark. I hope he won't remember about the colt. | " 13th. Archie lesly is dead. Thrown by the. eolt. Stay in Paris. j " This is the telegram I received this morning. My. God! How can I sit here and write it ? I am Archie Lesly's murderer as. purely as if I had plunged a knife in his heart, and my soul is marked with- the red brand of Cain. ; " It was at the club, I could see that he was intoxicated, and grew fiercely indignant at Tom's sneering remarks, and when I Challenged him about his riding (of which he had been boasting, poor boy 2), he swore to me that he would on the morrow ride an unbroken. colt, one that had never been saddled.. He Beemed awfully in earnest too. ; " Why did I touch the cursed drink ? But for it I could never have entered into such an unmanly jest, and I would not have that p,oor hoy's death. laid at my door. I have not proved out all day j hut I will not fly from justice if I am sought. Sometimes I think. I ■ought to go back, and seek out a magistrate; :then again, I am. not the only one involved.. If I only were guilty I. would at once give myself up. " An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth;! :ay, and a life for a life. I have thought and thought, still I cannot resolve. " 14th. ' Come unto me all ye that labour,. , and are heavily laden, and I will give you ;resb.' These words came to me last night, ;and I knelt down and prayed. Now, I am 'ready to go back to England." They found her in the evening kneeling by i the window in her room, a large black book i clasped close in her. arms, to her breast, praying. They called to her, but she did not I answer them. She heard her mother's voice ! in the next room, then the veins in her throat swelled and throbbed, and great tears filled her eyes, bnt she forced them back, and went ont among them. Fred looked anxious about her and communicated his fears that Ruth was not strong or else was overworked • to Mr. Milman who said she must ride and walk out more, indeed she most accompany them on the morrow. I The morning proved hot and sultry so Ruth easily excused herself and promised to ride as far as the Big Hill in the afternoon to meet them on their return home. ; Poor white-faced Ruth rode out in the warm afternoon, away through the bush, not knowing, not caring, where she went. She held the rein loosely before her and gave Robin his head. Away to the right stretched ! a dense belt of scrub, in front the Big Sill stood ont bine in the haze of distance while all around grew green shrubs and slender saplings. Mile after mile Robin j pieked his way over fallen logs and loose! timber, sometimes stopping to munch a mouthful of grass in the scanty shade of the sparely-foliaged saplings. She was glad to be alone. Every faculty was numbed with the intense strain she had put upon herself now she tried to think about it. A false step of Robin caused her to jerk and almost lose her seat; this brought her back to her surroundings, and, looking about anxiously for the rendezvous, she was startled to find that, no matter in what, direction she looked, no bill of any kind was, to he seen. She knew she must be far from home, for she could see groups of stray cattle in the distance who bellowed angrily at the sight of her. Seeing a great plain ahead she rode toward it. " I will stand in the centre of it," shej said, " then I shall be more easily seen when they come to look for me." ! She felt no fear. Her spirit was sore, and her heart and conscience were waging fierce war. The struggle was with her, as it had been with him, bnt she was. only a girl, and she loved. What though she had heard her mother curse the unknown slayer of her darling-—wild and wayward, thera-t fore loved the more—and had in her childish heart hated the destroyer of their home, and of her mother's health. i Through him Archie had been cut off in his youth, and in his sin,- yet she loved him; She said all this to herself standing in thej centre of the dreary flat far away from her home.. She did not think of her position, sh4 1 thought only of this unnatural and ill-fatep love of hers, and scalding tears dropped on Robin's mane. I It was almost sundown when she heard a. shrill cooee, and Fred came galloping toward her. j "However, did you lose yourself likej this, Ruth? What! Crying! Oh, don't cry, Ruth, or I'll—You're safe now, dear, you know." j They turned in the direction Fred had Come. j " I suppose when you didn't see. us at the Hill you rode on." " Did vou not go to the Hill then P' "Ro." "You'll be sorry Ruth, about Mr. Gray. Poor old fellow!" "What about him," she said, a little unsteadily. j "They've got him at Yannip, dreadfully hurt. Thrown by that beast of his, I knew it was dangerous by its eye—what!" ' "Ruth! Ruth!" She did not faint, though her face grew white, and her eyes closed for a few moments]. r' When, Fred ? Tell me about it please,? she said, in a low voice. "Poor little girl! she's so kind-hearted^ and feels everything so much," said. Fred to himself, as he rode close beside her, and laid his hand on hers on the rein. "We met Anson, the Yannip boundary-rider, and he told tis that he had found him yesterday^ evening! near his boundary line, lying on thb .ground, his left arm broken, and a nasty, cut on his head. He was qnite unconscious, ana is so still. They've got him at Anson's place, his wife is doing her best for him; but as there is no doctor there yet, Fm afraid there'js not much chance for him." "Have they sent for a doctor ?" " Oh, yes. If they had not I. would .have gone Your step-father wanted to see him, | arid, as we couldn't both go, I came back. I'll go downto-morrow. Fortunate I dip: come back, eh, Ruth P? j . She answered him not a word, bqt tightened heir rein and whipped Robin intojaswift gallop. Fred could scarcely keep pace 'with her. When they came within sight of Braytrarn where, though it was ordy dfisk, : the lights were, twinkling in .the windows, Rath-draw up. "Fred* is jt, Ansqn's—that place just b&ow; the creek-bends P' j Shp had been crying Fred could see, apd her voice was full of tears.: Yes, that's it, Ruth- "Why : I f"Becaawrm;gbingthere»ow. You ■ ■.-,■ re, : eil -, ,!3| | £ most not come. Please stay with mamma, it would be kinder, and, Fred, tell her to— to,read the turned-down leaf in:.a book she will find in my room, locked in the tabledrawer. Fre 1—she was crying violently now, " and tell my mother if I do not'see her again, that I cannot help myself, I can't' help loving him." "Oh, Ruth 1 Oh, Heavens ! Do you love Humphrey Gray ? And I love you." "Then if you do, you can understand. Make it easy for her, Fred, she will -have lost us both, Archie and me, for I will be as ' lost to her, as. though I were dead, I know." " Oh, Ruth !" was all he could.say, as she rode away swiftly out of sight in the dusk. When she reached the boundary-rider's house, 'she asked to see her step-father at | once. Mr. Milman came from the siokI room,- 8hodked; at hearing Ruth was there. ' " Papa, you have not so much to forgive, , Archie was hot your son. Listen, I love Humphrey Gray, .and though he never spoke a'wordoflove to me, I "know he loves me a little. Oh, papa, he has ! suffered so much and so long, let me' lighten his sufferings ! a little. If he must die, let me be near him." ' Before he oould reply she had passed him, I and .entered, the bedroom. A lamp burned . ! on the table showing Humphrey dray's white faoe.en the pillow, with a linen bandage ! rpund his head, and where it covered the wound a zed stain appeared. His arm. which lay across his chest was bound up in splints', as well as the kind-hearted people about him knew how to do it. Mrs. Anson Eat at' the foot' of the bed, and rose up , looking surprised, at her entrance, hat Rath did hot Speak to her or look at her, she saw only that white, face—white even to the lips -{—and she knelt down and looked into the half-open bine eyes, and spoke his name. ; Hours and hours she knelt there, all her young life ebbing from her, as she listened to Ms moans of mortal anguish, and, at intervals, his incoherent wanderings. They were of school sometimes. Sometimes of that awful time—that day in London and . its terrible consequences. "I will give the service 'of my .life to the church and my , fellow-creatures, Otter. I will give my life for the life I have taken; but will my sacrifice be accepted ?" He repeated this so many times, and his voice was so pitiful in its intense anguish that they who stood around {—strong men though they were—wept. Ruth did not weep. She listened to every {word with pulseless anxiety, for she knew jthat,.soon she would never hear his voice again. Sometimes he spoke of her. Now {she: knew how much he loved her, and with, all the desolation of her life round about and [before her, her eyes brightened with pleasure ,. las she heard. Then, again, it was of the {time when he lay maimed and bruised in the"' bush after his fall. "The same death. It is meet and just. God exacts the rigid satisfaction—death for death." For a few moment's before he died, con-. jeciousness canie back to him. He recognised ' Ruth and looked at her with a look of suchj grateful, tender love from those blue eyes, dark with the shadow of pain, and dim with, the nearness of death, that in all her after life she thanked God for it—for that one look. 