SNAKE CHARMING IN BARODA. The following story of snake charming has been sent to the all M?,ll seGtte by a corre spondent who is making a sketching tour through some of the States of North-west India: One morning I was strolling with a friend in the verandah, when we saw a strange ti?lre coming along the drive-a tallish man, in a scarlet turban, only, unlike the usual solid turban, it was wound serpent wise about his head: a kind of loose. flame-colouredl shirt; a loin cloth, and the onvruarv peaked shoe of the Easterns. Across his shoiltders he carried a stout bamboo pole between 5ft. and 6ft. long, at either end of which hun' two hags of coarse woven cloth, colored a ltnt vivid flame color. As he came up to us we saw he had long black hair, twisted up like a woman's, and secured at the left side by a heavy silver comb, whose back was chas«[ in strange patterns, and shaped like a curvamn a sna.4s body. In his ears were delicate car. rings of silver, silver rings set with small green and red and white stones in flower-like shapes: on his forehead was the red mark of the Hindoo ; across the bridge of the nose, between the eyes, there was a black and scuarlet fine -irant that looked like a tiner -iL. riband, and a similar riband ran from the outer corner of each eye to the temple. His face gave you the impression of his having been alive sincoe the flood; his eyes looked as if they ld not shut; yet he hd a i wrinkle, and was evidently ynn?n ? hands were beautifully shaped, with dh l nails; his feet were strong and shaply + `fir friend'said."Thu man wi1 a ?'= some fin fora few copper." So hbe e, up to the verandah, and the play be-au p opened hisa.har. sat down on his ha and proceeded to unpack. The hap iamed each a large wicker, or rther?, ;i~ lath basket, and nondescript bhndi` many-colored cloth. The late.r cont,;t:, tin box full of live and lively secrpin?t. ? necklaces of strange grey and res ,, pieces of wood suppoe to be cure, lfr pion bites; round black euhLar.tc _ shining buttons-these are snae ston , if laid on a cobra bite are papsed to.. it. The baskets contained alho laoi "c apiece. He took out the two cahra, ?ia them on the stone oo0r of the vern. I: am not quite sure if he.showedl u tw eC, at :first, for he has been here many, ? since. At any rate, he took a cnt ncO " it squirm about on the fcor:: thc t. doced from his bag a weird pilt, r:e i' goard, and shaped something like a .a - The lower part, below the bell i, pi with boles, on which the fingcern plawy this 'pipe he began the most phli na; ever was heard : the 'cohra renl or.-. about, and gradually raised itself aon . swelled out its hood, and elnwly w?a awful head to and fro in front of thi?e.: Suddenly the music made a will. yell, and " was not;" the cohra', ,?es down, and his hood shrunk into not t:: The demon snake-man then r?s? pointing to a big boy, a servant of mV:ri " I will bring a cobra out of that h.',: The boy had on a close-fittin,. por-.pe a his head was shared, and the r-t of clothing consisted of a shirt. The tc?c .: took his pipe and began to walk r?ct?, boy; then on a sudden the air was ry: -: melody such as might soothe the ilc?a" : whirled round the boy like a vible .. but the boy stood firm (not on tce bir_; deck). Suddenly, agai, the nsinsic and the man began to take on f ci si; He appeared for a moment. u Iii:ir-, there wasn't the ghost of a snake abi:e He shook out all his clothes-no sna?e - wrapped his loin cloth round him, acl re again his devil's dance and his svm?i. pipe. Not once from first to lit ?,i proach his baskets or the cobra wc., sleeping in the sun. He came up to s:mo sat, and took a small paint rag of w:e put it on the boys heaL and then isx: out., and gave it back tome. I told ror. boy's cap fitted tight to his heaL L~i head was shaved.) On went the ortis yell, and, as before, stop,,i suddenly c heaven-ascending shriek. lie sepec :: the boy, and with his nake'l hand?:: out-where from !-a great cobra, n: flung straight at me. The brute rc-oc on the shoulder, and went shu-i-ler.nc_: my leg, where it subsided on the c:. hissing heavily. I sat still and lan? -i laid the new cobra by the old one. p ::i in the basket, opened up all his cl.-.' ! baskets and things-there were tca now, and no more. Then he took cry -c rag, laid it down azainst a pii?r di c verandah, and went throouh the ,mee-.r: When the music was exhauste', he nr to the rag, and plucked out a th:r r which also greeted me in fheni:ir-t There were three now, we saw thoc :, my friend said, "This won't do; hi. the place with snakes.' 