ST. FRANCIS XAYLER'S CATHE DRA T. INSTALLATION OF DR. QUN3ON. xse impressive ceremony of installing a Atignt of St. Gregory the Great was performed ?P Bonday afternoon at St Francis Xavier's Latnedral, when Dr. John Michael Gunaon. »n oia resident of the colony and a prominent i member of the Komaa Catholic Oharch, was ; invested with the order. There was a large . congregation present, and the Austrian Band j give their services on the occasion. The front , seats in the nave of the Cathedral were reserved | fcr members of the Hibernian Order, and special I accommodation wss provided for Dr. Gunson [ and his attendants. The ceremony was per- ; formed by the Bishop, who was assisted by the j Vicar-General, the Keve. Coonao. ana Koptr, j and the principal clergy of the diocese. Dr. Gunson was attended by Mr. M. H. Dif is as esquire, and his two sons (Messrs. J. and W. Gunson) as pajes. After religious exercises I the ceremony began by the Bev. Father Roper j reading the Pope's warrant for the installation ' of the candidate, after which His Lordship ; the Bishop blessed the sword, and sprinkled] it ; with holy water. Bestowing it apon Dr. ' Gunson, he said— ' Receive this sword in the ! name of the Father, Sor, and Holy Ghost, and | use it in thine own defence, and in the defeace of the Catholic Church, to the confusion of the enemies of the Cross of Christ, and to the enemies of the Christian faith ; and, so far as | human frailty will permit, nniuitly injure no | man with it.' Proceeding with the form of ; installation, the Biabop used this prayer : — j ' Holy Lord, Omnipotent Father, Eternal God, who alene ordainest and rightly disposeth all things ; who, to restrain the malice of the j wicked and to preserve justice, by Tby Balutary i dispensation hast permitted to men on earth the | use of the sword, and who haat designed to ; institute, the inightly order for the people's I protection ; and who, by the voice of St. John, i didit qay to the soldiers who came to him in ' the desert that they oppress no one, but remiin ; content with their just dues, we hamfclybeseech : Thy clemency, O Lord, that as Tboa gaveat to Thy servant David victory over Goliath, thit as Thou hast caused Judaa Mascabxns to triumph over the ferocity of nations not invoking Thy ; name, in like manner to this Thy servant, who | now submits himself to the rule of this knightly : order, grant, by Thy heavenly mercy, strength ; and courage in the defence of faith and justice, j Give unto him an increase of faith, of hope, ; and of charity. Give unto him also fear and : love, hnmiaty, perseverance, obedience and en- ! during patience, and rightly dispose all things in him to the end that with this sword, or with ' any other, he may un justly injure no one; and j that with it he may defend all that is juat and j right ; and as he is from a lower order to the j higher dignity of knighthood promoted, thus putting otf the old man with all his actions, he may put on the new, that he may fear and rightly worship Thee ; that be may avoid inter coarse with the wicked, that be may extend charity to his nighbours; that be may rightly obey his superior, and faithfully in all things fulfil bis duty. Through Cnrist oar Lori. Amen. ' The address oraally delivered on such occa sions wss given by the Very Rev. Price Butler, O.S.S., who took for his text the following words : — uEslo Miles patifurii, strenum, f.Jclis, tt Dto dceotus? — **It m»y appear strange to behold here to-day the hand.conaecr&tedfor; peace offer ings and blessings bestowing on the dis tinguished gentleman whom we have met to honoor, the symbol of his knightly dignity. Whence does the Citholic Church derive her right to confer such honours, and above all what hrs she to do with the sword V Is mt her : mission but to preach and keep entirely within the sanctuary ? These may be the thoughts of many regarding the ceremony we are witnessing j to-day within the walla of this sacred edifice. A complete answer to such, as well as a vindica- ! tionof her action, will be fouud in the considers- | tionof — 1- What we? the mighty work which - the Church had to accomplish in the world,? 2\. How she acquitted herself of the task. It is not necessary, nor is it my intention, to enter into a critical examination of the right of tha Popes or of the Church to confer honours and to inflict punishments. It will be sufficient should it be shown that there has existed no other power that has done so much for civilization. art. law, science, learning, and all that con- i stitntes tbe greatest good of society ; and that ! from inherent right, from the prescription of : fties, from the admission of all civilized ; countries, she has the beat claim to single out j those of her children who have been dis tinguished above their fellow;, and pHc« on their brows tho laurel of victory or gird them with the sword of honour. What, then, was this great work which the Charch had i to accomplish ? We speak not here of j her divine miisioa to preich and administer ! the sacrament?, but or that mission to civilise, ' elevate, aad refine men ; to teach them correct principles of right : to give laws and comti- tutions ; to encourage learning and patronise : arc ; to shield the defenceless ; to help the weak ; to withstand the tyrant and oppressor ; to be the bulwark of Christendom and the saviour of humanity. The great Roman Empire had reached the summit of its power when Chris tianity entered on her gloiious career. From the Tigris to the Pillars of Hercules, and from the burning sands of Numidia to the frozen forests along the Baltic, the imperial sway of the mighty empire was acknowledged. Bat in the very meridian of its greatness there were not wanting signs of its decay. Fierce hordes, too, were gathering on its frontiers who, in successive waves of invasion, swept over the fairest regions - of Europe and engulfed in a crimson tide pagan art and civilisation. Vandals, Goths, Franks, Allmanni, Huns, Bargundians, Lombards, Slavi, Normans, Bulgarians, again and again rushed onwards in countless numbers ; towns and cities were given to the fiames; the miserable inhabitants were swept into captivity or slaughtered in defending their homes. The outlying parts of the empire first experienced the rude shook. England in 443 was invaded by the Saxons, and in a century barbarism ruled there from Kent to Caledonia ; Spain in 466 fell under the power of the Visigoths. Gaul in 481 under the Franks, and Italy in 403 under tbe Oster goths. From the fifth to the ninth century Europe became a prey to all the evils of famine, pestilence, barbarism, bloodshed, ignorance, and crime. There was but one small spot where learning sat secure and religion held peaceful sway; away in the green island of the west— the island of saints, of poetry, and of song. Who was to bring order out of this wild chaos, light from out the gloom of such darkness ? Who could tame the wild passions of Vandal and Hun, and turn the savage warsong of the Vikings into hyms of peace ? There was but one power that had the will and the means to effect such a change, and that power was the Catholic Church. The Holy Pontiffs who sat in the chair of St Peter were tbe men who civilized these terrible savage'. Not alone did her Leo face Attila, the scourge of God, and obtain peace and f&veur; for the people, but the Popes sent forth their missionar'cn to evangelize these warriors, before whom the Roman legions were scattered like chaff, and the Empire went down amidst carnage and fire. About the ninth century a new Christian empire begins to emerge from the scattered and discordant elements which lay around. Charlemagne is crowned Emperor by Pope Leo III. in 800, and modern Europe begins its career. The law of the Church is taken as the basis of the law in every country in Europe. From the ninth to the fourteenth century the Catholic Church was the great power in Europe, and what of gooJ did -be not accomplish r Learning was restored ; then|were established the Universities of Europe, A»ii-, Rome, Bologn j, Psris, Oxford, Cambridge. Salamanca, and i-y txpre;s command of the Popes. Then were thi-we cathedral schools en dosed and founded, ^hich have survived even to this day. Ignorance and prejudice may attempt to call these ages dark ; but measure them by their works, and see if ignorance and superstition mark these. Were the barons at Runnymede led on by a Pope's legate ignorant of the grand principles of liberty and law ? Were those ages dark which have given to Europe imperishable monuments of highest art ? Stand before one of those grand cathedrals of this period, examine its minutest details, the harmony of all its parts ; its ponderous yet graceful towers; its soaring spires; its buttresses hung ic mid-air. Enter through that majestic porch ; look alcng those pillared walls ; see that grand asnd fretted roof; those mullioned windows which stain in a thousand tints the tessslated pavement. Bihoid thit altar, with its varied marbles; its exquisite and delicate workmanship Hear that burst of glorious melody, and tin swelling tones of the organ, and than tell me if tbe minds which designed and the bands that executed these were the slaves of ignorance and superstition. In the Dinth century the feudal »jstem took ita rise. With all its fanlts, it has dose much for humanity and religion ; it bound all the members ot a State together in a com munity of interest and protection. The poor man served, and in turn was defended by his lord, who himself wts bound to the King, while over all was the Common Father of Christen dom, wbovi authority was acknowledged, and whose decrees were obeyed in every lscd. War aad plunder had beta tbe only trade of the fierce nation* which had settled in Central an 1 Eouthern Europe. But tfce Citholic Church taught the wirricr to draw his sword only in defence of the widow and the orphan — to shield the weak and def.nd the right, as is said in the prayers with which she blesses her knightly sons Chivalry then was tbe consecration of all that was brave, aad holy in war. It n- the Charch that inspired tbe lofty principles of jtutico and humanity, which gave to the gria profession of aims iU poetry and ronunce. Edo paeifcus — be gentle as a Iamb - waa the exhortation of the Cnnrch— take for yoor model that gentlest of mortals, the Mother of God. Let her pitying std loving looks ever be present before ytra. Do not close toot ear to the cry of distress. Honour woman becaase Mary jour Queen U the mottn of tbe Redeemer. The worship of the Blessed Virgin has done more to soften tbe item manners of men, to elevate and refine their feelings, to teach them to do great and noble things than any other form of devotion, and this is testified to even by the enemies of the Dhoich. Be strenuous {strenwu) says the Church. At the call of duty, when justice has A be upheld and its violators punished ; when ihe cry of the orphan and widow is raised ; when :he oppressor of God's poor or his Charch s to be withstood; then rush forth strong n right. Heed not the opposing forcei, mt with thy trusty blade strike for ight, for liberty, and for God. Be faithful f.Jdii) to all. Let thy word be sacred as thy ause is holy. Faithful to her to whom you lave plighted your knightly vow; faithfal to 'our friend ; faithfal to your King, whether on he tented field on in the council hall. Et Dit Urdus— devoted to God. You are not a mer *nary to sell your sword to the highest bidder. Ifou are Gods servant. Let your virtues shine crth then, and be the Cnruti&n; knight sins ictir it sans rtyradu. 'See the bright examples of Chris tisnehiv dry n tha Cid of Spain and Bayard of France — nen the very flower of heroic virtue. See, too, he benigB influence of the Church in the in titution of the Truce of God. She could not intirely prevent bloodshed, but she lessened ita ivils, and gave a breathing time for peace and aim reflection. From Wednesday to Monday norning daring Lent and Advent, and for two feezs after Christmas and Easter it was not law ul to avenge any injury, and the heaviest ensures of the Charch fell on the m»n that lared to violate this Truce of God. Saoh was :he great Christian Republic mainly created and roet*red by the Catholic Oharch. She had rea med it from the darkness of barbarism, beld iloft the lamp of learning, mitigated the horrors if war, and fostered the gentle arts of agrical :ure and peace when the very existence of Snrope was again endangered, and the black :loud of ignorance and fanaticism rose threaten cgly above ita horizon. In the seventh century, 522, Mahomet, the cameldriver of Mecca, pro :!aimed his mission of bloodshed and licentious ness, dubbed himself a Prophet, and unfurled he standard of ignorance and rapine. The eemirjg hordes of the desert, the wandering ribta of Tartary, and the swarthy chil Iren of the san came rolling like ava over the Eastern Empire. Iu ten years ?yria, Mesopotamia, Persia, Egypt, and Lybia « ere rent from the empire of Constantinople, icknowledged the impostor, and worshipped at ifecca. A century did not elapie till the whole }orth of Africa was added to the Caliphate, and us standard even waved in triumph over the »alls of Granada. There was a time when isia Minor and Alexandria were the homes of earning and the granary of Europe. Whit iave they become under the blighting influence if Mohammedan rule 'i Ignorance supreme, qualor, poverty, rapine, lust, and fanaticism -are not these the curses wbich lie so heavy on he richest and loveliest land which the sun hines upon? Where now are thoje highly ultivated minds that stored up the learning of .ntiquity in the library of Alexandria ? Gone ike the precious manuscripts themselves, o f«ed the llames kindled by brutal ignorance. ?his was the dread danger that menaced Snrope now that she was rescued from bar larism, and was putting forth her energies of aind and hand under the wise and fostering are of the Por*s of Rome. They it was who, eeing the gatbrriag storm, sounded forth the ilarm. Urban II. summoned the Powers of Jurope. He pemted out the danger, he de cribed the sufferings of their fellow Christians inder the Mohammedan yoke, and in language if burning eloquence asked them to drive back :he foe, rescue the holy places from their de ecrating grasp, free their enslaved brethren, and ight for right and freedom and for God. At :hat voice ten thousand sworda leap from heir scabbards, and seventy times ten thousand ;o forth against the foe — the Cross on their .boulder and 'God wills if as their battle :ry. For two centuries did Europe send forth its chivalry to contend against the fiery valour of Saracen and Moor. Then were performed feats of arms and heroic virtues which shall live for ever enshrined in story. Godfrey de Bouillon, Tancred, Robert of England, St. Louis of France, are Knights sans ptur et tans re troche, who, gentle in peace, were lions in tha Beld — whese good swords were ever used to punish injustice, strike down tyranny, guard the weak, terrify the infidel, and right the oppressed. The Crusades saved Europe from barbarism, they gave an impetus to commerce, they taught navigation and geography, they prepared the way for discovery, they brought home many relics of ancient letters, they itrengtbened the brotherhood of nations by mingling men af different countries in the same enterprise, they afforded a vent for the pent-up valour of Europe, and thus relieved it of a dis turbing element, and they gave to the world those military orders which were the embodi ment of the spirit of the age and the genius of Christianity. In tbe year 1043 some Neapolitan merchants founded at Jerusalem a nospice for the reception of pilgrims, and this they placed under the care of some religious men who bound them telves by vow to attend to the sick and defend the pilgrims to the holy places. The saintly Bishop of Puy drew up a rele for their guidance. Thus the Knights of St. John of Jerusalem, or Ihe 'Hcspitellars,' ss they were called, were tbe mailed warriors of Holy Church. So, too, were the Knights Templars, Knights Teutonic, ind those other religious and military orders of the day. It was the Church which blessed their ?words and plased the pennon in their mail- clad bands, and with words of benison, which we hear to-day, said, ' Uttn Jfile-i pacijirus, strenuus, ftdil'u et Dto dnetu3.n Let the eaemies of God alone feel tbe keen edge of that sword which is ever to defend the right. Let your virtue be as unsullied as the white mantle that covers you. Be faithful to duty and devoted to Sod. And true those noble knights were to the rows they had taken. In reading their history the mind seems to revel rather in the creations Df fancy thin in tbe records of human achieve' merits. Take their defence of the Island of Bhodes, 1450. Mahomet II. determined to destroy this outpost of Europe, which hsd long defied his power and marred his schemes of conquest. With a tleet of 160 vessels and 100,000 soldiers he landed on the island, then beld by the Knights of St. John, under the commander Peter d'Aubusson. For three months, day and night, did this invading army batter at the walls with heavy ordnance, and storm tbe breaches made ; bat the Grand Master ind his knights were ever at the post of danger. Many of the Moslems devoted themselves to his destruction, but his keen blade and powerful arm tent them to bite the dust. Maddened by the resistance of so few a number the terrible Bashaw led on his troops for one last assault. The Janissaries leap into tbe breach, but d'Aubusson, though wounded, stands there like the fabled God of War. A host in himself he inspires bis knights with freth ardour. The foe is driven back, and they t!y te their ihip», amazed and terrified, whilst tbe wounded knights proceed to the church to give glory to the Lord) of Hosts. Or see agiin a simiUr defence at Malta, where but 630 wounded snd famished warriors repel 40.000 Moslems under the bravest of their Sultans, Soliman II. It is no figure of speech to say their valour saved Europe from Mohammedanism. And who but the Catholic Church armed their strong right hand and blessed their knightly vaws 't The Citholic Church— has she the right to coofer honours on her children? She placed the crown of empire on the brows of Charlemagne ; she confronted Atriia ; she withstood a tyrant John of England, and a Hf nry IV of Germany : she hurled the force of Christendom against tbe hordes of Asia ; she adorned tbe escutcheons of kingly races with their proudest motto*; she passed judg ment on the highest, reproved vice, rewarded virtue, encouraged learning, and ennobled men in every age. Has the Catholic Ohnr.-h power to conftr honours ? Let the prescription of a thousand years and more, the testimony of every civilized nation of Europe, the sacrifices she has made for saciety, answer. |To her by excellence belongs the power to ennoble her sons, and single them oat for their deeds of merit. And dearly have ever been prized the marks of her honour— proudly her chivalry cf merit ranks where right is re ipeeted and virtue admired. And in the instal lation of the coble Knight, Sir John Michael GuruOD, the Pope keeps up his traditional z'A« of universal patron cf worth and excellence. It is not for me to spesk here the praises of Sir Gunson. He has ever been a faithful sou of Holy Church, a distinguished scholar and gen tleman, a good citizen, and a loyal subi«ct. It is because he represents in his person the Catholicity of this young bat growing nation, that our Holy Father wishes to give you a pledae of his affection and a msrk of his love. He tells jon today that you are a pei^e-loving people, that yon sre strenuous in the cauie of rijht snd merciful to the distressed. To this I an well testify when the loved land cf most amongst us lay helpless in the grip of famine. You people of Australia, without distinction of race or creed, came generously forward to alleviate her distress — £68,0CO went from Auttralia to Ire land as the most munificent testimony of her charity and mercy. Our Holy Father wishes to compliment you people of Saath Australia. It is in vain for foolish men to decry this Church, th? fpouse of Christ, until man can blot out the records of the past, and cover with » pill of cblivion the brilliant deeds of Catholicity. Until the works of Michael Angelo, the po«try of Dante, the philosophy of Aquinas, the labours of Francis Xavier. the learning of Benedict, the deeds of Bajard, d' Anbosjon and and; St. Louis. Until these are forgotten and tbe 'monuments of their glory destroyed the Catholic Church must ever be the highett power on earth, whose rewards are the tokens of genuine merit, and whose gifts are nnsulliei by irjustice cr wrong. Locg may the noble Knitht wear the sword with which he is girded to-day. If the days of chivalry are no more, still the same or greater foes stand armed against God and His Church, and these foes are just as dangerous to civilization and morality as Moslem or Hus. We need not be reminded to what excesses men are brought by the im moral and materialistic teaching of the present time. They may be read in the lurid flames of the burning Tuilleries. They can be heard in the murderous explosion of the assassin's mine — in the phrenzied passion of depraved mobs — in the defiling publications of a wicked literature— in the unloosing the bonds of paternal control, and the licentiousness of youth. These are some of the evils of modern thought and society. Therefore it is necessary to have in every country men distinguished by their abilities and position— peaceful knights, cultivating the works of the understanding, strenuous in every good for the advancement of religion and morality — faithful in the discharge of their duty — and above all devoted to God and his Church. And it is meet and proper that that Church should honour such men, and send them forth in her name and with her blessing to fight the battles of the Lord — not with the sword of the i'esh, but armed with the shield of faith and pro tected with the breastplate of justice, that they may be shining lights by their good example, and doughty defenders of truth and justice. Arise, then, noble knight, and go forth to this contest with God's blessing on your stainless shield. Long may you wear those blushing honours with which our Holy Father crowns you; and may you ever be a 'knight peaceful, strenuous, faithful, and devoted to God.'' The service, which was very impressive throughout, was then concluded in the usual manner. 