$Mfy*-i? \ OBAVHyAftD BOTaESTITIONS., ; It b seldom thnrt one hears nowa-days of the obeervanoe of the quaint funeral ouitoms whiob. formerly existed iu many an EoitlJsb. jfonnlry vill««e^,^e^ld- world notions -whioh gave rise to' tbem having died out. owiotr. nerbaos. to/the Inteoduo tion ot jiilways and school boards. , Tnuf, to. the north of England it was cu ternary, only a few years ago, to carry ' the dead with the sun' to the it»ve— a practice corresponding witb the Highland usage of making 'tho dear.ll,' vr walking three times round a (;erkon according to the cQnrse of the lun. On one occasion, in the village of Stranton, near West Saniepool, the vioar was standing at the ohurohyard gate, awaiting the arrival of the fuiioral proorssioa, when, isach to his surprise, the entire group, who had come within a few yards. of him, suddenly turned back, and inarched round the churchyard wall, thus traversing its west, north, and ca»t boun daries. On Inquiring the reason of this ex traordinary prooednre, one of the mourners quickly replied, 'Why, ye wad no hae them carry tho dead again tbe suni the dead maun ay go wi' the sun.' This is not unlike a Welsh custom mentioned by Pennant, who tells us that, when a. oorpao Wai conveyed to the churchyard from any part of the town, great, out Was always taken that it should be .carried the whole distance on the right- daud side of tbe road. Fiomtimc tutmmocial there has been a eirongleellngol repugnance among the inhabitants of rural parishes to u vial without tue sanctuary.' This does n -t mean in uuoooei or«l«d gronno, but on (be uviiti tula ol ilw cunrob, ot is a tem'/te ooincr ol the churchyard. The origin of this prijodlos it uaii) to b»vo been tn» notion that the norluern part was that «hleh was appropriated to the Inlorawnt of uubsp'.ised iuianis, excommauloatud porioos, or such as had laid violent hands upon themselves, iionoe it was popnlsrJy known ii ' tbe wroni; side ot the oburou.' la many pariihcs, therulots, thli spot lomsioed un ocospled, while the remaining portion of the ohurohyard was crowded, white, in hit 'Histoiy .olSeluorae,' alluding to thissnper Btltlon, says that as most people wished to be boricu on (he sontb sldo ol the church yard, it beeame each a mass of mortality (bat no pmon conld be interred ' without disturbing or dleplsoing the bunei of his ancestors.' Great attention has generally been paid, also, to the position of the grave, the popular one being from east to west, while mat from north to south has been considered not only dishonourable, bat an laoky. A carious surviving custom at Welsh funerals is termed the ' pareon's penny.' After reading the burial eervioa in the church, the clergyman stands behind a table while a pBalm is biiing sung. In the meantime eauh of tbe mourneia places, a piece of money on tho table for bis a? ueptanco. This ceremony iB regarded as ft token of respect to the deoeascd, although it was, bo doubt, originally intended to compensate tbe clergyman tor praying for the eoul of the departed. In - some Welsh pariehos, also, a similar custom, Oalled ' epade-money,' is kept up. After the corpse has been committed to its resting place, the grave-digger presents his spaue as a receptacle for donations, theBe offer ings, which often amount to a goodly bud, being regarded aa bis perquisite. In York shire, at the funerals of the rich in former daye, it was customary to hand 'burnt wine ' to the company in a silver flagon, out of which everyone drank. This bever age seems to have been a heated prepara tion of port wine, with sugar and suior, and should any remain, it wan sent round in the flagon to tbe hou.es of IrioudB for distribu tion. ThlB.of oourte.wuaftoptoicBot funeral feast, called, in the north of England, on 'arval '— a lingering survival of tbo offer ings that originally wore made to tho ghost of the deceased. Among the superstitions that still cling to the cuurchyard may be mentioned one that liae existed from tho most remote period, and which has invested it with an atmosphere of dread — U having been generally supposed that they are hauutad by Bpectrea dud apparltionB. Indeed, it has been truly pointeJ out by Mr. Tylor that through all tho changes of religious thought, tiom firs!; to last, in the course of human history, the hovering ghosts of tho dead make the miUDighi burim.giound a place where men's flosh creeps with terror. — Harper's Weekly. 