INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. NEW SOUTH WALES. The inhabitants of Deniliquin are agitating for the creation of a new bishopric. The corporation contemplate erecting salt water baths ip Cook Park, Woolloomooloo. A prize of £500 has been offered for a soul lers' competition next year on the Parramatta Kiver. A gentleman residing at Hay has offered an acre in that township as a site for the proposed new cathedral or bishop's resi dence. Some interesting experiments have been made by Mr, Cracknell, Superintendent of Telegraphs, in connection with the storage of electricity. - '. A seaman, named Adolph Peterson, of the American barque Christina Redmond, was drowned whilst proceeding on board on Sun day night, 11th September. . A barge in tow of a steamer, laden with 500 bales wool, snagged in the Murrumbidgee and Bank. The accident happened near Hay. The wool was insured for £10,000. The money subscribed for Elias Laycock in acknowledgment of the pluck and energy shown whilst representing this colony on the Thames amounts to nearly £500. At a meeting of the Royal Society of New South Wales on 7th Sept., Mr. John Tebbutt read an interesting paper on the Comet of 1881, which he believed was identical with that of 1807. Mr. Wintle, a naturalist of great experi- ence, will be sent on behalf of the Sydney Museum to the North-west Coast pearl fisheries to explore the rivers and collect specimens of Australian fauna. An inquest has been held on Amos Torry, quartermaster of the ship City of New York, who was killed by falling down a hatchway, 25 feet deep, and fracturing his skull, A verdict was returned of accidental death. Mr. Walter Sherwin, for many years con nected with the Carandini Concert Company, died in the St. Vincent -Hospital on the 22nd September. He had been connected with tho company for a quarter of a century. The Bishop of Goulburn has been visiting Warangesha, the aboriginal mission station, near Darlington Point, where he baptised several blacks, male and female, and gave them, an open-air entertainment, with which the natives wore much gratified. E. W. Rudder's claim for a share of the reward for the discovery of gold in this colony was finally disposed of in the Assembly on 14th Sept. Mr. R. B. Smith endeavored to obtain a grant, but the House refused to entertain the claim, which was thirty years old. A lunatic terrified the inhabitants of Moree on 8th Sept. He walked into Ruben'B utore, and seizing a tomahawk, struck himself vio lently on the head. He then walked into the bush, with a strap round his neck, announcing his intention of hanging himself. He was found dead next morning. William Dudley Mair, lately a clerk in the Mutual Provident Society, has been com mitted for trial on two charges of forging and uttering receipts for £73 and £148 14s., which sums he had appropriated after forging the signatures of policy-holders. . He admitted his guilt and exonerated others. A fatal accident occurred on Gth Sept. in the cataract shaft in the Nepean Waterworks tun nel. Four men were working in the shaft. Having lighted the fuses, they were ascending, when the bucket broke, and they were left near the burning fuses. The situation was one of great peril. One charge exploded, killing an Italian miner. The others escaped. . '. An inquest was held at Newcastle on Thos. Innes, a well-known ship chandler, who shot himself on 13th September by holding a re volver in his mouth and blowing out his brains. The deceased was in affluent circum stances and leaves a widow and family. He was subject to fits. A verdict was returned that he committed suicide whilst in a state of temporary insanity. Messrs. Hardie and Gorman report the sale of a large oountry property at Camden, por tion of the Camden Park estate, the property of Sir William M' Arthur. The area was between 5000 and 6000 acres of rich farm land, including the North Cowdar farms around the town of Camden, and also the un sold portions of the township proper. Tho Camden Park Syndicate purchased the pro perty for £61,000. Wm, Bignell, who was committed for trial on 12th Sept. on a charge of manslaughter in. oausingthedeathofhiBwifethroughneglectingto give her nourishment in her illness and supply ing her with liquor against the directions of the doctor, died on 14th Sept. in gaol from ex haustion, resulting from delirium tremens. The evidence at the inquest disclosed shocking de pravity, both he and his wife having been constantly drunk. Respecting the discovery of the remains of Alexander Hume, the exploi. .- i Armand C. Want informs the Daily Telegraph that at the time he left 'Wilson's Creek for the pur pose of rendering assistance to the explorer, Sergeant Dunn left Wockatunga with a party of black trackers. When Mr. Want got on Hume's tracks he found that Sergeant Dunn was before him. The latter ,was the first discoverer of the body of the unfortunate man, who died only a few hours before his deliverer reached the spot, where he perished miserably' from thirst. During the voyage of the immigrant ship Niveveh to Sydney a praotical joke was perpe trated, whioh has since led to unhappy conse quences. One of the young female immigrants dressed herself in a sheet, pretending to be a ghost. At dead of night she stalked through the sleeping girls, whom she aroused. In one instance the shock was so severe that a girl lost her reason, and became hopelessly insane. She was examined by medical men on the arrival of the ship at Sydney, on whose certifi- cate she has been sent to the asylum. The matter will be investigated by the Immigration Board. A burglary was committed at Government House on the night of the 7th September. Mr. Bloxsome, his Excellency's private secretary, heard an unusual noise in the aide-de-camp's office, and proceeding thither found a man rifling the pockets of the coats hanging there. The contents were scattered about the floor. He challenged the intruder, who boldly declared he came for the purpose of robbery. Mr. Bloxsome secured him and sent for a constable, to whom he gave the man into custody. At the Water Police Court next day the prisoner gave his name as James Thomas, aged 65. He told the constable that he went to the house to see what he could find worth carrying away, but was interrupted be- fore he found anything. Some sovereigns and silver were missed from the pockets of the clothes after the man was taken, but were not found on him. He was committed for trial. An unprecedentedly large return of gold has been obtained,'says the Sydney Echo, 'from a small parcel of pyrites sent to Eng- land for treatment by the Reform Gold Mining Company, Lucknow, near Orange. From 17 cwt. of stone per Cotopaxi no less than 245 oz. gold and 55 oz. silver were obtained, for which the company have received net value credit to the amount of £850 4s. 10d., enabling them to declare a dividend of £9 per share of £25, making some £36 per share paid in dividends since 1st June last. There are only ninety shares in the company, which are of course at an enormous premium, as, in addition to the large return now to hand— probably the heaviest yield of gold per ton yet obtained in any part of Australia — several more shipments, supposed to be equally rich, are on their way to England for treatment. This rich shoot, which is dipping almost per pendicular in tho company's ground, at pre- sent shows no sign of diminishing in wealth. It is stated that a Sydney firm has offered £25,000 for the mine, but that the share holders are not inclined to part with it for that amount. An interesting experiment, that of placing Sydney and Melbourne in direct telephonic communication on a Government telegraph wire, was made on Sunday, 4th September, that day being chosen because it is the only day in the week when the telegraph instru- ments are in any degree at rest. Mr. E. W. Pearson, the Australasian manager and agent of the Crossley Telephone Company, of Lon- don and Halifax, England, who has recently arrived in Sydney,' says the Sydney Morning Herald, ' superintended the arrangements at this end. T'he day was somewhat unfavorable for the attempt, as the very high wind pre- vailing up the country caused the telegraph wires to vibrate violently, and so created a large amount of what is called 'induction,' which is always accompanied by a peculiar crackling noise in the receivers of telephonic apparatus. Only very faint sounds of the voice were heard between the extreme ends of the line ; but perfectly audible speech was transmitted between Melbourne and Albury, thus establishing the important fact that even on telegraph wires not specially constructed for the operation of telephones oral messages can be sent a distance of 200 miles. In the evening a similar experiment was made be- tween Sydney and Parramatta with the most satisfactory result, the conversation carried on between those places being as distinct as that of two persons in the same room.' Particulars of a remarkable escape from drowning, that occurred near Lake Macquarie Heads, are given in the Maitland Mercury. Three gentlemen, named Fennell, Graves and another, were fishing off the rocks, when Graves got his line fast. In attempting to clear it with a long pole the rod broke, and he fell forward into the surf. The receding water took him down, and when he again rose he was some distance out. Fennell threw him a line, but Graves seemed stunned and helpless, and made no attempt to grasp it. Fennell then bravely plunged in to the rescue of the drowning man. A terrible struggle ensued. Three times both were swept out by the heavy surf, which dashed them against the rooks. With an extraordinary effort Fennell caught the line thrown by his companion ashore, and, quickly diving beneath a large wave, swam out to Graves, round whose body he fastened the cord. He came back with the rising sea, which flung him on the rocks. The other gen- tleman seized hold of him by the arm, and held him whilst he -recovered breath, and he also rescued Graves. Whilst dragging them out of danger, another tremendous wave broke over the party, and threw them down, sweep- ing Fennell out again, and nearly taking his two companions also, who were almost stunned. Fortunately the next wave brought him back once more, when he clung to the rock, and with the help of his friend, bruised and exhausted, got safe ashore. It was a long time before Graves recovered. Had it not been for his friend's courageous assistance he would have been drowned. . The Sydney Echo publishes a return of the number and nature of accidents to life and limb whioh have occurred on the Government tramways from 28th September, 1879, to 15th August, 1881 : — ' 1880 : 20th March, John Plunkett, arm crushed crossing line in front of motor ; 81st May, William Campbell injured through cart colliding with motor, no limbs broken ; 24th April, Richard Richardson, killed whilst walking on line ; 6th June, Wm. Davis, lad, killed running across line in front of motor; fifth June, John Duval, thrown out of a cart, horses startled by tram,no limbs broken; 26th December, P. Mahoney, thrown off cab which collided with motor, no limbs broken. 1881 : 24th January, Simeon Emery, killed attempt ing to enter a car in motion ; 2nd February, Jay Ting, leaving car in motion, slight injuries only ; 21st February, John Fitzpatrick', swept off footboard of car by an omnibus while col- lecting fares and killed ; 12th April, Thomas Curtis, slight cut on hand, detached motor colliding with passenger tram ; Thomas Har- vey, leg broken, detached motor colliding with passenger tram ; Mrs. Moore face bruised, detached motor colliding with passenger tram ; 20th April, name unknown, struck by motor when crossing line, no limbs broken ; Martin Fahey,- killed walking on line ; 8th May, John Fountain, fell off top of car, no limbs broken ; 14th May, ' Jane Newlore, thrown down by motor when crossing line, no limbs broken ; 9th July, Thomas Culli- ton, killed crossing line ; 10th August, Mr. George Oakes, thrown down by motor, died from the effects of the fall ; 12th August, Samuel Schoomacher, killed by horse falling on him, horse backed against tram. In the case of P. Mahoney the sum of_£250 compen- sntion was awarded by a jury of the Supreme Court. Mrs. Moore has made a claim for compensation, but it is not yet settled." 