Intercolonial News. [THUQDOU GjIEVILLB's TELEaiUM Co. I' SYDNEY, Tuesday. Mr. Eccleston Du Fair, chiuf draughtsman for tho survey $-f runs in the Department of Lands, 3ias re signed his oftice. A coftin of a full-grown iiL'r.son was found in the bush near Htnolc wood Cemetery yesterday. The body had evidently been disinterred. ?The lid was wrenched oft the coflin and is missin:;, and the heads of tho screws were broken. The body is gone. air. T. Southcott, one of the small. pox patients on board the ship Far away, is in a very critical state, and not expected to recover. Mrs. Pope's house has been re leased from quarantine. Til lock and Company's wholesale grocery store in Guoi'ge-fltroet, Syd ! ney, with contents, has been totally destroyed by firo. The stock was in sured in eight offices for £10,500. The origin of the fire is unknown. The house of Mr. George Cooper, at Redfern, was destroyed on Satur day night by an explosion of dyna mite and blasting powder. Cooper is engaged on the ne we.rage works at Black wattle Swamp; and is in the habit of keeping explosives stored in bis own house. At. the time of tho accident, he . waV rolling a keg of dynamite under. the .bed, where there was also a'kag of blasting powder. It is reported he was smoking. Sud denly an explosion took place, caus ing a complete wreck of the premises. The roof was thrown off, and the front of tbe'house blown bodily out. The' limbers of the'TjuildiTlgTwcTO sent flying in all directions. All of the furniture was even broken up. A hale four feet square was blown into the ground. Strange to nay, Cooper was not killed, but he was found by a neighbour, who rushed to rescue him, with his legs protrud ing from beneath a portion of the bedstead and bedding. His left arm was bi'okeu, and be has severe burns and contusions. All of the skin was burnt from his face; He was im mediately conveyed to tho Infirmary, but through the shock to his system Cooper lies in a precarious state, and is not expected to live. A subscription has been started for the relief of Leichhardt's family in Germany. The Suez mail arrived ac Port Al bany yesterday. v The mystery concerned with the empty coffin found in the bush near Rookwood Cemetery has been cleared up by the police. The coflin origin ally-contained the body of a China man; whose friends exhumed it and vent it to i China.; An inquiry is to be held by the Immigration Board into the circum stances, attending - some practical joking on board the. immigrant ship Ninevah during the voyage from England to Sydney which produced a sad result.. In the silent hours of the night, one of the girls, ? wrapped in a white sheet, passed from bunk to bunk, arousing the sleepers, and, pretending to be a ghost. The shock to one of the poor girls was so severe as to 'deprive her of reason, which she , hbs jnever recovered, * She was examined on arrival., here and pro nounced to be insane, and bas been, sent to Gladesville. The inquiry; will include, the case of another girl who also became ihaane during the. voyage from causes not known. The charge against Dr. Van Heek eren of attempting to procure abor tion was commenced yesterday, and adjourned till to-day. Bail was re fused to the accused. The complimentary banquet to Micliael Rush, the puller, last night' was well attended. ?- In responding, to the toast,. Bush announced his in tention of retiring from aquatic con tests. Wi th regard to his first race* with Liycock, he said 4ie was quite, satisfied there was no swindle, and he was quite content to have been beaten by Laycock in the fastest time on record. ,,. ?.,..' \ Sydney fat cattle market is very firm, best beef bringing 25s. per 100 lbs.: The sheep markers steady j prime 8hornj,wettfers ftoM^,t Il«.i8d.'. per head.. ;; ' ; ''. .?.-5*'-V-,- : ? : . ADELAIDE, ^Tuesday. A shocking «*cident|*Bcurred near Maccbsfield, about twenty-five miles from Adelaide.* During astorm, the. '?'' !-'??'? ':'j|# '^'??'??'- ¥[ bfjck'wall of a LoUmj fol: ??» Mw AVakefieldandhergrotvn-m- iiu .''it-r while they were asleep in 'vi|; «ti-] crushed them to death.' No -ini *'U-- was on the premises, thn Ihi;Ii;\u.1 and son being away at work,- and there were no nnigli hours near the seone.^f the cftUstroph'e. Tho iccj dent Was not discovered for days, and then through three girls calling yes terday for Miss Wakefiold to%o to chapel. . . ' : 