CHRISTMAS CREEK. ? By Henky Kendaiii. Phantom atreama were in tho distance— mocking lights of lake and pool — GhoSts of trees of soft, green lustro — grovos of shadpws deep Hnd cool. Yea, somo devil ran before them, changing skies of brass to blue — Sotting bloom whore curse is plantod — whore a grassblado nover grow. Six thero wore ; and high above them glared a mid and wizoned sun : Ninety leagues from where tho waters of the singing valloys run. Thoro boforo thorn — there bohind them — was the great, stark, stubborn Plain, Whero the dry winds hiss for over and tho blind earth moans for rain ! Ringed about by tracts of furnace, ninoty leagues from stream and tree, Six there wore with wasted faces, working northwards to tho sea. Ah! tho bitter, hopeless Desert! Here these* broken human wrecks Trod tho wilds where sand of fire is with the spiteful spinefox ! Toiled thrpugn spheres that no bird knows of, where with- fiery emphasia Hell hath atamped ita awful mintmark deep on everything that is ! Toiled and thirsted, strove nnd suffered. This was where December's breath As a wind of smiting flame is, on weird, haggard wastes of Death ! This was whore a withered moon is,-and the gleam of weak, wan star, And a thunder full of moanco sends its mighty voices far ! . This was whero black execration, from some dark Tribunal hurled, Set the brand of ourso on all things in the morning of the World ! Ono man yielded— then another — then a lad of nineteen year3 Reeled and fell with English rivers singing softly in his ears ! English grasses started round him— then the grace of Sussex lea Came and touched him with tho beauty of a green land by the sea ! Old-world, faces jthronged about him — old- world, voioes spoke to him ; But hia speech was like a whispor, and hiB eyes were vory dim. . In a dream of golden evening, beaming on a quiet strand, Lay the stranger, till a bright Ono came and took him by the hand. England vanished — died the voices ; but he heard a holier tone, And an angel that wo know not. led him to the Lands unknown. Sir thero wore, but thi-oo wore taken ! Threo wero left to struggle stiU ! But against tho red horizon flamed a horn of brindled hill — But beyond the northern skyline, past a wall of steep austere, ? Lay the land of light and coolness in an April colored year. ' Courago, brothers,' cried tho leader; ' on the \- Blopes of yondor peak ? There are traots of horb and shadow, and the channels of the creek !' - ? So they made ono last great effort — haled their, . beasts through brake and briar — Set their feet on spurs of furnace — grappled spikes and orags of fire — ; Fought tho stubborn mountain forces — smote down naked natural powers, Till they gazed from thrones of Morning on a sphero of streams and flowers ! Out bohind them was the desert glaring like a sea of brass — Here beforo them wero tho valleys fair with moonlight-colored grass ! At their backs were haggard wastelands bickering in a wickod blaze — In their faces beamed the waters marching down melodious wiiya ! Touching waa tho cool, soft color over laps of. lawn and lea, '? And majostio waB tho great road Morning made across the sea. . On.- the saored day of Christmas after seven months of grief Rested three of Bix who started, on a bank of moss and leaf — ?Rested by arunning river, in ahushed — a holy weok; And they named tho stream that saved them— | named it fitly — ' Christmas Creek.' 