N 11ERR RAN DAI ANN AS HAMLET. Hamlet, with a very powerful cost, was pro duced in a very perfect manner at tho Opera House on Saturday night. Tho leading cha racters were filled tlius : — Hamlet, Horr Band- matin ; the Ghost, Mr. Fairclougli Ophelia, Miss Louise Beaudet ; the King, Mr. Stuart O'Brien; Laertes, Mr. Catlicart; the Queen, Miss Juno. HerrBandmann's Hamlet is a very uneven performance. At times his elocution rises to the verge or perfection, and at others drops below mediocrity. His soliloquies are thoughtfully and argumentative!)' uttered and well up spontaneously, like tlie uttered cogita tions of a man who thinks aloud. His encounter with tlie ghost was very impressive, hut his subsequent interview with Horatio and two friends was too demonstrative, and lacked the display of that subdued awe that is always so telling when cleverly simulated. Tlie inter- view with Ophelia, where ho advises her to go to a nunnery, was excellent. The distraction of tlie prince, torn by tho contending feelings of intenso love and strong doubts, was graphic and impressive. But tho advice to tho players was given in a tame and laekiudasieal fashion. The play scene again was all that could be de sired, and formed the most striking picture in thorepresentation. The same strange variation in tho star's porfortnnneo was observable throughout. Mr. Fairclongh's Ghost was the host that lias glided with majestic step on the Melbourno stage for many yeara, hut the spirit of the departed king was not text perfect ; and that cloud-like gauze in which his Majesty was enveloped was much too stiff and starchy. The King and Quccu of Mr. Stuart O'Brien nnd Miss Juno were dignified and impressive, and Miss Beaudet's Ophelia was an attractive und almost charming piece of acting. This young lady, in spite of her serious indispotiou, played her part with a modesty and graco entirely free from affectation. The role was to some extent abridged on account of Miss Beaudet's illuess. Tho other characters were well sus tained, and tho mounting of tho play reileeted credit on tho management. 