LOG-AL Districts' and General Topics. The Entertainment fpr the b.egefit of the Band of Hope Members, referred to in our last week's issue, came off at Nor tham on Wednesday, the lGth Inptant, and proved to be a very agreeable gather ing to all interested jn the Temperance! movement. The Lodge Room of the Temperance jHall was completely filled ■with yoking people and old, who all ap peared tp thoroughly enjoy the .unusually good spread of eatables and drinkables provided for the occasion. As many as fifty 'children, recently enrolled as Mem bers .of the Band of Hope, under the aus pices of Mrs. Clifton, were present, who, after the tea was over, sang several pieces ' to a Piano accompaniment, in a' very pleasing manner. Seveval Members of the Rechnbite Order, who were mailing a' tour of the Eastern Districts, \vpre pre sent, and expressed themselves as highly pleased with all they had seen and heard at' .this Entertainment. Later ip the evening the Reehabites had a Meeting of their own in the Temperance Hall. The third and aeeiding Match of the season between the Newcastle and Nor thern Cricket Clubs was played on the ground of the latter an the 1 Oth Instant. The game, .which during the play became .very exciting, resulted in a victory for tlie Newcastle Eleven, not, however, with-; out bemg sliarply contested. The play on both sides was very equal, as will be seen by the scores given below, several of the players on both sides having large in nings opposite their names Tl\e cricket ing qualities of the members of l oth clubs are pretty well known to those ,who take an interest in these matters, and w.e there fore .only select one player lor special men tion, who has only lately joined an eleven, but who gives promise of becoming an excellent player some day, if he practices and takes pains. This is a youth of the name .of George Thomas, who, in the first innings of the Northam side. anode the long score of IS. The rest .of the players on both sides fully maintained their characters. The following are the scores, which we are unable to to give in detail :— Newcastle. 1st Innings ... ... ... 1GG 2nd do. ... ... 46 212 Nqutham. 1st Innings ... ... ... 1,64 2nd do. ... ... ... 26 190 Neither the bowling nor the fielding were as good as they might have been, and hence thp long scores 11 the commence-: mcnt of the game. After an innings on each side had been played, all bands sat down to an excellent luncheon, again fur nished in Host Kitchener's usually good style. On St. Patrick's Day the Northam Races came off. The day was intensely' hot, but that did not prevent many visi tors from York and Newcastle, as well as the.neighbourhood of Northam from be ing present. We have not seen so large; an assemblage on this course for sonic years past. As usual at most country nice hugs, there was a great want of] punctuality in making a commencement, the first race not coming off until aftc-r ; mid-day,' instead of 11 a.m., as 6ei down on the programme. Tin's race was the: Maiden Plate, which brought out five starters, out of six entered. These were; Mr. H, J. Leeder's Bashful. Mr. H. Steere's Explorer Mr.'W. Morgan's Miss Tarragon. Mr. Tomkinson's Randolph. Mr, J. Wilkins's Elash. The first heRt, although by no menus fast, wns well contested between Mr. H. Steere's horse and Miss Tarragon. The riders of both were in real' earnest, and lid their b^st to win. From start to fin ish these two stuck to each other like leeches, nnd it was anybody's race at nny moment. All the way up the run-in they might have been covered with a napkin, until within a few. striken of the stand nt which point Miss Tarragon seemed tp be leading. HereJ3rcnnan, who was riding Explorer, fairly lifted his horse to the front, aud won ayery fine race by » short head ; the remaining horses in the race coming in at intervals. After the first half pule,of the second heat Ijfc was evident .that Miss Jar agon would be placed No. 1 for that event; and so it turned out, as she was landed an easy winner with Randolph lying second, Ex plorer being apparently nurs.ed for ano ther beat. However, something went wrong with him, and he was not stated again $ Adits Taragon consequently walked over for the third heat. This mare, four years old. a dark grey, is by Mr J. T. Monger's imported Imrse 7dra gon. Although rntlver small every way, and standing not more tluui U hands 'g ineh^H, *1 e is well put tngetlici-, b a good land quarter. She lias pood lastino qualities, and in anedber yenr will no doubt mal e for ma'k in better .company, if her owner bah cny luck with her. Nothing else in this race is particularly worthy of mention. For the Settlers' Stakes four horses came to the post— Mr. W. G. Leeder's Black Bess 1 Mr. Wilkins's Creeping Jane 2 Mr. Tomkinson's Randolph. Mr. White's Jessie. Tbisrace was a gift to Black Bess, who won without the .slightest trouble, th,e re mnining horses coming in as they pleased. The Ladies' Pdrse, which was the next race, had the following entries „• Mr. Morgan's Miss Tpragon. 1 Mr. Leeder's Bashful. 2 Mr. Tomkinson's Randolph. Mr. Steere's Explorer. Mr. Wilkins's Flash. Mr. Morgan's mure had this race entirely to herself—winning both heats just as she pleased . For .the North am Stakes there were four .entered :— Mr. W. Feeder's Black Bess. i Mr, White's Ladv Grey. 2 Mr. Tomkinson's Randolph. Mr. Wilkins's Bushman. Here again Black Bess had it all her own way, never giving either of her com petitors the ghost of a chance. The Hack Race was won by Mr. Morge, and the P.onies' by Mr. Wilkius. In the former of these Races a very serious acci dent happened. One of the hacks bolted ' off the course just at a point where two or three people were looking on, and knocked down one of them, who was hurl- • ed with considerable violence to the ground, where he lay for a long time in a state qf unconsciousness. When fit tq bg moved ; | lie was taken into Northaro, and remain-; I ed during the night and following day in a very critical state. On Friday night; medical aid was procured from York, when it was discovered that one of the small Imnes of the leg were broken, and ' certain injuries inflicted internally. The ! sufferer, who is progressing favorably, is n well-known and nnjch-respected old re- ! sid.ent in the town of Northaiq, named Robert Carter, for whom there is much I sympathy in this calamity. Some time during Monday niglit last or early on Tuesday morning, one of the Mail Yap horses was taken out of the Police Stables at Newcastle, by sopae per son who got clpan away with it. On tbe evening of St. Patrick's Day a tea-meeting was held in the Nortbam Mechanics' Institute, the proceeds of which are to be devoted towards paying off a debt incurred for repairs to the Northam Parsonage Mrs. Stephen Brown and a party of several ladies furnished the neces sary trays for the occasion—a good num ber of visitors partaking ,of the excellent fare proyided for them. After the tea was over, the Hall of the Institute wqs cleared for a dance, given by the landlord of the Temperance Hall. This popular kind of entartainment was largely patron ized by a very respectable company, who kept up the " hop " to a late hour. We have heard it remarked in some quarters thnt the Meeting which was held in the Perth Town Hall last Friday even ing, was got up hurriedly by the promo ters of the Cluttering line, with the in tention of taking.those who advocated a different route ■" on th>i hop," a? jt ?? termed. The result of the Meeting show ho.w far this " little game " cesftful. Others Again are of opiiiip^ the object of the Meeting was as much i# test the popularity of those (whp got it up as -to express opinions in regard to Railway extension into the Easter# (dis tricts 3 n subject on which the /« of Perth " would hardly he give final judgment. -Last week about seventy horj^ jwei$ Jqwn from these districts for shipment in the Iris to Mauritius ; Messrs. Demp ster and Leeder, 0/ Newcastle, and Mr, Tlu-oasell of Northam, being the shippers. There still seems to be a demand for horses for export 3 but care should be taT ken by those having .any animals to offer# that they are fit for the purpose, whereby much trouble and disappointment will be s&yed.; It was the custom formerly to buy up anything to send away 3 but that Bovt of thing w ill not answer pow. A good article ip necessary in hor&e-fleBh; as in anything elpe intended for exportwfc^pn. The police all over the Colony are just now occupied in distributing the papers to be filled up on the night of the 3rd o.l Aprjl for taking the census. PnopLEM Foil THE VoUNGSTEES I—Tl\© following has been banded to us for pub lication, and we trust ,our jufeiiffe friendp will try their hands at its solution ;—A plum puddipg consists of 2 parts of flour, 3 parts of raisins, and 4 parts of suet 1 flour costs 3d. per pound, raisins Gd., and suet 8d. Euid the cost of the several in gredients of the pudding, when the whole cost is 2js. 4d. We copy the following from thzHerald .of Saturday last :—''London, March 14. " The Czar of Russia was shot dead tO " day wliibst returning to the Winter Pal ace from a review in St. Petersburgh. " Two bpmbs y.ere flupg into the carriage in which the Czar was riding, one after anotner. The fir^t .djd little or no dani " age, and everyone escaped apparently " unhurt. 3Te second bomb inflicted a " death-wound upon the Czar, killing be " sides spme members of hiB retinue, and '• wounding several other persons The " Czar was immediately removed to the " nearest houBe, but liiB legs were abso " lutcly torn from his body, and he had " received numerous other fatal injuries. " The Grand Duke Michael, the brother " of the Czar, was severely wounded. A " number of the Imperial Guards and Po " lice Officers were killed, ,and the win " dows of the adjacent houses, were shat ",tered by the discharge. The assassin " was immediately arrested, and the in " habitants of the town proclaimed Alexr " auder as Czar " % , The Boebs.—A cofemporary who' b nines (says the Gerald ton Obsprv to know all about the rising of the Bo says :—" The Dutchmen who are 11 giving us so much trouble in the Tra vaal, it may be mentioned, are arc with an admirable weapon, the WestI Richard rifle 3 and mogntcd on their p< erful and bardy little ponies, they st the British troops pretty much after : manner they stalk the bucks and ot! wilql animals of their countiy. They i admirable raarksrpeii, aud galloping up within shooting distance, throw theniK yes off their^ponies, and making tb steeds' backs rests for their rifles, fir elf ride off". Guerilla warfare of this chat ter is likely to tell with murderous eff on the Movements of regular infantry ii broken country." . Melb.oubnk,—Meesr^. R. Gnldsbrouj & Co. under date of 16th of IV. vnnry, r port as follows Woon : Tiadc js ve quiet, and the quantity coining fnrwa for sale being so limited, we did not., consequence, hold an auction sale tb week, and are therefore unable to quo local prices. We regret to note that t] late English telegrams are"less favorabl the February sales, which have now b gun, have opened on a reduction on t! November rates. Ofobbum Sxths : V report a weaker market for Opossu Skins. Operations arc very much cu tailed at this season qf the year and ' do not anticipate r revival before y IIMIII n uri r uniW'. ^ l l __.i_L.-SUL f -next winter, We quote at from 2s. to ,3s. 6d. per dozen. Wheat : At our eale to-day there was a largo number of -iuyers, principally for export, the local millers being well supplied for the present -; '.■and, in consequence, wheat has now fall en Id. per bushel. We quote,—Prime ^shipping parcels, f o b, 4s.; prime .mill ing, Ss. lid..; medium to good, Ss. 8d. -to 3s. lOd. j and inferior to medium, 8s. Id. to 3s. 7d. per bushel. Foour : Dur ing the last,week . several darge -parcels f shave been cleared at full rates. We rquote good country brands at £8 12s. fid., .and town-milled at £8 17s. 6d. sterling -tper ton. The market ha^ not iimprosed^Uicn .our last report. We .quote,-T-^fjna.e, malting, 3s. 4d. ; medium jlo good, 2s. 4-.1 d.^to 3s. 3d. ; inferior -to ^medium, 2s.-5d. to 2s. lOd. per bushel. 