THE ESSAYIST. INSANITY. The tendency of modem science is to V4 BWflTWUWU¥00i aoM oJit have ceased to place "an inverted under* standing," or a paradoxical belief into any of oar categories of insanity. "What is' madness? has been'asked 10 years ago In these pages, and, according to Polonius, the responder must be mad ere he can answer." The modem physiologist seemB to confiue himself to the physical diagnosis, and, satis fied with the restoration of bodily health, to' leave the patient to work ont his own mental theories, and either to discern their in stability, or prudently to conceal them. The futility of thie question, " What is in sanity ?" may be shortly touched upon, and then dismissed. I mean the pnrely mental 1 or intellectual side. It is found by the expe riences of observant and practical- men to be I altogether tentative, and matter of mere opinion. He who deems Hamlet mad ques tions the Banity of his controversial opponent, j who (with more or less of politeness) returns the compliment. He who concentrates him-1 self to one pursuit, " scorning delights and living laborious days," is pronounced by the gay, fickle votaries of the racecourse, the masquerade, and the opera as " mad he who has in the society of artistB a delight of which he can never feel conscious while in company with speculators or with lawyers is , looked upon as " infatuatedand he who firmly believes that copper, gold, and asbestos are the certain rewards of the sons of enter prise among the mountains beyond Gundagai is benignantly let down as a " sanguine, en thusiastic gentleman." There are very many propositions in pure mathematics, accepted by proficients as established truthB, which if abruptly enounced to an average mind wholly un trained in the language of analysis would be (as I have personally experienced) rejected with derision, and regarded as pertaining Bolely to a distempered brain. Such are the existence and the laws of impossible quanti ties, the asymptotic curve, and such iilr«, Who could guess, d priori, the ascent of sap in trees, yet a lump of sugar touching a cup- j ful of liquid, can illustrate to a child the un erring fact of capillary attraction. 1 once' lived in a large house in Chancery-lane, London, under the superintendence of an | honest, zealous, energetic, but unscientific Welsh woman. The winter of 1849 set in with unwonted severity. I deemed it my duty to inform old Grimgurda (for thus we de signated her) of the expansive powers of! confined ice, of the hourly danger of the bursting of every leaden pipe on every floor, of the fact that hard froBts are the harvest of the plumbers, and of the absolute neces sity of many fires, &c.; Distracted, the poor woman rushed into the parlour of every lodger, asking advice how "to treat a mad man, who had taken the third floorthen Bought her employer, the landlord, who was clerk to an eminent opulent Chancery bar rister. He forthwith consulted his boss, who assured him that my advice was sound and well-timed, on which Grimgurda re turned bewildered, but found, to her con sternation, the house flooded from top to I ground floor. The plumber came, hiB bill was no trifle, and the poor woman looked askance at me with superstitious awe ever | after the fulfilment of my prophecy. A mere erroneous opinion is not madness. But many things we should be content to think without either expression or action. 1 think Bludyer a sneak and a scoundrel, but the secret shall die with me. I have no right to accelerate a death I shall nowise lament. PerhapB if a man blurt out his opinions to the uninitiated (as in my case), throwing pearls before the unclean, he deserves all he may get Such is the sensitive nature of our Belf-love that we are all prone to Beek balm for its wounds in the imputation of insanity to a triumphant opponent, or to a successful rival competitor. We take refuge in such unfair weaponB, like the Queen in " Hamlet," who exclaims, for want of a reasoning reply, "This is mere ecstasy!" From her Bon's rejoinder, perhapB, some thing may be gained. Mark! Hamlet gives | precedence to thephyrical test " Ecstasy ! My pulse, as yours, Does temperately keep time," Ac. He then (secondly) proceeds to say that he had a fixed plan, and a purpose continuously progressive; thus was not speaking at random. " Bring me to the test. And 1 the matter will re-word, Which madness would gambol from." Or, as a lawyer might say, " 1 am following my instructions." Collate and compare the ghost-scene in Act L, and thus verify the test of "re-wording" challenged. Ghost.—" From me whose love was of that dignity, That It went hand in hand, even with the vow I made a marriage; to decline Upon a wretch, whose natural gifts were poor To those of mine," Ac. . . . " Lust will rate itself on a celestial bed, And prey on garbage," Ac. Hahlit.—" Look here on this picture and on this, Ac. . . . Gould you on this fair mountain leave, to feed And batten on this Moor t" Ghost.—" Let not thy soul conceive Against thy mother aught, Ac. . . . Leave ber to Heaven—" So Hamlet— " Oh, heart, lose not thy nature, let not ever The soul of Nero enter this Ann bosom, I will speak daggers to her, but use none." This parallel illustrates the meaning of the mental teat of " re-wording the matter," and thus proving sanity by the presence and agency of a conscious purpose and pre received data and instructions. Not, as some have said, that mere memory, per ee, is a proof of sanity, but that a con secutive train of fixed ideas np to the present moment cannot be accounted for or explained by the bypotheBiB of madness. And this remains true, even if we dissent from the opinion. It seems, after all, but a coward's blow to hurl at an intellectual opponent the charge of madness because his experiences and rapidity of association leave your own far behind. Of what class of mind is Buch the favourite weapon? Answer—Of a termagant woman. She has the power to irritate in direct pro portion to the love yon bear towards her, of which your excitement and reproaches are the measure and the rebound. "To bp wrath with one we love" (writea tbe psycho logical poet) " doth' work like toadies* in the bram." Let'het work out herbwn cura, In time ehe .will succeed in tearing put loVt by its bleeding toots from" me heart, leaving behind nought eave bold civility, perfect eWfr possession, self- respect, utad calculation,1 i No more paroxysms—^- inteHeCt and • judgment reign- supreme. > Happen1 what mfcfc 'the thought of Henfy is.now, 1?Vhftt detneattpbi and-what stepbeet becomes «y honout anq preserves mp dighity 7"; The vrekkek HrMtoe) must succumb; the Stronger " brain: trfitvi+es. The1 tyrant love is fot eVef dethrobed. and the empfesB - of laet tootath is the ptbttrate slave of to-day. Poor vanquished Emma can never regain her former rank. ThiB is the true rationale of the maxim," Never interfere in conjugal quarrels." The termagant is digging her own grave; perhaps qualifying * #fo * ' ' herself for either that or for an asylum. But methinka we hold life on insecure terms if the mere ipse dixit of a termagant wife, who has left untried no meanB of worrying a husband of whom the sole weak ness was attachment to an unworthy object-r if such ex parte and reckless averments are rashly believed in and precipitately acted upon by the very persons to whom the law has somewhat trustingly confided the power to weigh, to apply, and pronounce upon the mental teBt, because of their training in the details and laws of the physiological tests, it is certainly high time for remedial legisla tion. The irregular pulse, the bloodshot conjunctiva, the stony pupil of the iris, the insensibility to atmospheric variations, and, above all, the inability to sleep, these and such like are the special province of the medico. Other causes,—mental hallucinations, may exist, but they are, by their very nature, tentative. It iB not the strangeness of the opinion adhered to, bo much as the manner and behaviour of the patient. He may think that Henry V. never struck the Chief Justice; but our concern is with hiB willingness to peruse and balance conflicting authorities, also with his candour. He may thinkthatacase is madeoutin favour of Bacon's share in the plays of Shakspeare, but I look to hiB impartial and fair collating of authorities, &c.;, and thus, though nowise agreeing with him, may pronounce him sane. Dean Stanley, after a careful analysis of the Westminster Confession, pronounced Dr. Robertson Smith to be entitled to mi acquittal; yet 1 know not that the dean agreed with either. Instances can be multi plied, but I think the reader is fully con vinced that a mere opinion, surmise, or sus picion, however erroneous, ought in no case to be regarded as a conclusive proof of insanity. Sir Walter Scott ranks aB sane among the sane, yet even he is thought to have had a i corner of Aberglaube in hiB heart. He always contrived a way of escape. He never meant the picture of Colonel Mannering for that of a lunatic. Yet the colonel is jealous with out cause. He thinkB the attentions of Captain Brown were directed towards his colonel's wife, and his pride receives a dis cipline when he learns that Brown has all along loved and courted his daughter! Can it be that we have at this present date among us clever, experienced, medical practitioners, who would at once have signed the certificate that would have consigned Colonel Mannering to an asylum for lunatics, and to the revolting and deteriorating society of its inmates ? Yet Mannering drew his infer ence from the conduct that he saw. 