THE STORY-T ELLER. Darkest before Dawn. BY THE AUTHOR OF " The Ice Carnival." "'Kathleen," " Sweet Seventeen," to., so. CHAPTER VII. (Continued.) Nugent Neil, who, with a perversi ty but too common with men of his calibre, possessed by an unwise and unleasonable passion, han seen fit to draw deductions favourable to his own designs, from that regrettable incident of Mrs Holme's sudden collapse upon the henceforth memorable night of the Cowes Yacht Ball. " Well, Madge, " he said, in a low voice full of meaning; " and so you find yourself at home once again? How do pastoral and domestic de lights agree with tyou after your re cen erience of London, the Med iterrane hores, and lastly, Cowes ?'" " Vastly well!" Madge answered, lightly. " I have been mote than half disposed to marvel, how it happens that men and women voluntarily desert the couuntry during the sweetest month of all the year. However, I mean to make auends for past neglect, by resigning fashionable watering places in favour of Holme Court throughout all that remains of sum. mer. "Indeed ! It is not altogether lack ing in attraction then, although-" " Well ?" questioned Madge, see ing that he hesitated. " Well; although your presence seemingly exercises so little fascina tion over some, that Humphery had sufficient moral courage to tear him himself away on the third day after your return !" .Was it fancy, or did the suspicion Sof'a latent sneer indeed, flavour words strangely ill-advised ? " My husband did not leave home from choice," she retorted, quickly; "' yet he is the last man in the world to turn a deaf ear to duty; no matter how, when, or where it summons him to fulfil his alloted part." Brave words young wife, and spoken with pale lips, firm, and un faltering; albeit the heart within is fluttering wildly - with rage? mortification ? or, is it, perchance, some sentiment keener, sharper far, than either? "Possibly," retorted Nugent; "yet has it not ,.ccurr,-d to you to wondse that during the five long weeks of your albsnce Itri' the Court, Hum phrey did rnot once find 'business' of so imperative a nature, as to make his absence from home an absolute neoessite But then-" Again the ominious pause. "But then-?" prompted Madge, im periously; "conclude your sentence -I insist!" " Well then, since you de.sire it, I had almost reminded you that, during these long weeks of your own absence, your sister Rhoda reigned paramount here." What was it made Madge's heart grew suddenly cold and faint, her breath short, as speechless from in tensity of emotion, she for one mo ment silently regarded him-the man who basely thus endeavoured to poison her vouing heart's peace, and rob his absent friend of happiness?. Regaining self-possession, after that breathing space, the young wife answered, calmly "True; and from all I hear, so admirably did Rhoda fulfil the duties I assigned her, that all things, in my absence, have been admirably organised; affording, no doubt, a striking contrast to my own lament. able misrule. If I can induce Rhoda to remain with us, I would gladly leave the reins of management al together in her able hands. I never feel my own incompetence more pain fully than when Rhoda is by; she would have made a far better mistress .of Holmne Court than I;'' P, ossibly. There was, indeed, a time, not long before he did you the honour to solicit your slender hand, when Humphrey held the same opin ion. I think I told you how surpris ed I was to learn that he, who raved ever about the oaoral perfections of the .lder sister had ultimately sunccumbed . to thi: physical aitractions of the younger?" " Oh! yes; you were good enough to tell me, '.' retorted Madge, with airy grace; yet she was white as ashes, her heart lay cold as stone, and as lead, heavy, just then, within her breast. Until he thus recalled those words of his, she had, indeed, forgotten the insidious poison he had, long weeks ago, vainly endeavoured to instill into her mind. Then it had proved innocuous, in-effectual as the prover bial "water on a duck's back! " But now, the poisoned shaft rankled; could there, indeed, be truth in this bitter taunt of his ? " Ah!" resumed the baronet, calmly; "you have heard all, per haps, from Mrs. Qlrique; she was "'in the 'know!' Well, Humphrey is, after all, a happy man-he now enjoys undisputed possession of both treasures-either of which would 'suffice to ensure the complete felicity of most ordinary mortals. He should, at least, divide his honours equally, however; you must not consent to Rhoda's monopolising the lion's share. " " I am, in any case, content," said Madge moving towards a group of' ladies who, at that moment, emerged from the hrubberies. And then, seeing that there existed but little likelhood of any further tete-a-tdte, tIe disconsolate baronet shortly after took his leave. That night, as Rhoda sat before her glass in her pretty dressing-goiwn, combing out her long dark hair, shai was surprised by a visit from her sister, who declared her inability to sleep before sihe had enjoyed the soothing influence of a " good long chat. " Naturally there was much to b, discussed between these two, matny topics of mutual interest; and whit these had been satisfactorily dispos d of,'+ MRldge added a' few giracefu'in words of acknowledgment of thle solicitude and care Rhoda had lavish ed during the young wife's absence upon all her dear ones. " Have you not found the superin tendence of a large establishment like this a great nuisance, Rho ? And to provide dinmers, etcetera, in accordance with Humphrey's fastid ious taste, is no sinecure-is it, dear?" Rhoda laughed, as, all unconscious of the narro s scrutiny of her sister's keen side-glance from under dark fringed lids, she straightened out the ribbon with which she designed to fasten up the dark wealth of her flowing tresses. " No! I did not find either servants, children, or Humphrey in the least troublesome, dear-observe that I put the smallest evil last, advisedly but then, I fancy I have a natural aptitude for housekeeping and do mestic duties, whilst belore your marriage we should as soon have dreamt of leaving pussie in charge as of resigning household management to your tender mercies- Madge Wild fire, as a rule, was too busily occupied breaking hearts, snubbing admirers, or arranging mischievous pranks, to have any opportunity for the exercise of domestic talents. However, with matrimony nous avons change tout cela," added Rhoda, gaily ; " indeed, I think, Madge, you have accomplish ed wonders, although sometimes Humphrey has made the mater and me laugh heartily by graphic descrip tiou of affairs under the sway of Mi laay Misrule, as he has the imper tinence to style you." " Ye-es," said Madge, slowly, with a short, forced laugh ; " I con fess to finding the superintendence of a London menage, in addition to one's inevitable engagements-ridinog, dri ving, appointments with one's mrodiste, etcetera-altogether beyond my limited capacity. And here, at Holme Court. I suppose it will be almost worse," she added, petulantly; " for, in order to endure existence at all, one must naturally be always out -else petrifaction, stupefaction, or at best stagnation, would be one's inevitable doom. Rho ! I think I must make it worth your while to stay with me always-at least for a long, long time, ant take the burthen of management from out my grossly incapable hands. What say you, ma eour ?" " 7otre stur says," replied Rhoda, gaily, as she rose and put the combs and brushes carefully on one side, " that itis high time you sought your pillow. Among those innumerable parting injunctions with which your lord favoured me, there was a special clause inserted to the effect that I was to ' take care oe Madge, and not let her knock herself up." Now, I forsee pale cheeks and heavy eyes to morrow if you sacrifice your. ibeauty sleep; so ' stand not upon the order of your going,' Mrs. Holme, but make yourself scarce, as they say in the classics, without more ado." "Rhoda, I wish-" "Well, madame, what- do you wish? I fancied that you had noth ing left to wish for here below; your cup of human felicity appears to. me full to over-flowing.' . "Ye-ees!" responded Madge, bitterly, her·fair head bent, her white fingere toying aimlessly with the cord and tassels which confined the peignoir round her slender waist; "fate has been bounteous, yet I 'am not alto gether fitted for the part assigned me. Rhoda, I-I wish you had. married Humphrey-you would have made him happier than I !" "Well, he ventured to cherish a directly opposite opinion, that fact is obvious, " retorted Rhoda; yet' even as she. spoke she turned aside, and Madge fancied-was it indeed fancy ?--that the tip, of the one small ear, which was all she could see of Rhoda's face, was crimson as the heart of a red, red rose. "Rhoda!" and Madge darted forwad then', and with one white bare arm hold ,her sister prisoner round the waist; "I used to' think before-before he asked me to be his wife, that- that it was you Hum. phrey loved. Was it so " Oh ! the.swift amaze in Rhoda's eyes and the confusion far more deep, crimson one moment, but the next white-wlhite as death itself, and cold assnowfor one brief momemit, then flushing rosy red aga'n. Sith had turned her eyes upon her sister at Madge's opening words;, but pres ently the while lids fluttered, faltered, under the other's' searching glance. Ah! what could symptome such as these portray ? "Rhoda! why are you silent? Why do you not answer me ?" Madge whispered, with low-toned vehemence, for in truth she founid speech difficult just then. "Answer you ? Little goose, what haveI to say?" Rhoda, thus .in voked, at length responded ; but eve, though she tried to force a laugh, her lips were tremulous and pale ah, God! how pale, Madge noticed with a beating heart. " Surely you had better .. apply for in formation on so delicate:a point to the fountain head, though, if you question Hu-.phrey on the subject, I think he will meet your enquiries with silent scorn they well deserve. And now, Mrs. Holme. I abslutely decline to waste aiother moment of my precious beauty-sleep. It is all vry well for you, to whom nature has been so prodigal, to squalder the charmed moments; I am older. plain er-moreover, unmarried still,--and as I valae my chances of future pro notion, it behoves me to economise that potent elixir, beauty- sleep. Off with you, madam, without further delay !" With these laughing words, Rhoda advwnced to biestow and receive the usual " good-nigit" (carese. She her elf was still coo strangely -flutteredl by the un?xpectrd tone the colnversa ton lhad assumed, to note how cold was the soft cheek Madge held pas sively towards her, how unresponsive were those .pale chill lips to which iRhoda warmly pressed her own as lhe bade her :sister cordially " good ni'ght !" 'There came no answering mrurnmur Lut Rhojia might no longer complain -' :.~' ": .- ?/ ;t . - ' , -? ? of Madge's unreasonable dalliance in truth, the young wife's paramount desire now was to beat a precipitate retreat-there was a strange, sharp anguish at her heart which made it difficult to control her voice, or th,, expression of her face. Rhoda's min mentary toufession had been unmis takable; one fact alone might it portend. Nugent was right, thew, after all, and Madge herself had breen in truth a blind, reckless, irrespo::i ble fool. What right, indeed, h:d Humphrey to leave the Court upu,, the third day of her return ? Whet right had Rhoda to accepther sister's invitation, and install herself as mis tress in the house of the man whose heart it seemed was already hers ? Above all, how could Madge her self have been so demented as not to htave forseen the natural consequence of leaving Rhoda for five long weeks to take the management of the house, husband, servants, children, which the mistress of Holme Court person ally had found a task far beyond her own capacity? A gentle tap on the panels of the blue bedroom door. " Come in," responded a duclet voice, and Madge entered, to find Mrs. TUlrique still dressed, and busy letter-writing by the light of a silver Iaamp. * Oh! I am so glad to find you up, dear Mrs. Ulriqne," the young wife cried, drawing a footstool close to the open window, near her friend's feet. "' I cannot sleep to-night, I am like a wandering ghost, journeying up and down the earth in search of a kindred spirit. Rhoda has peremptorily or dered mc off her private premises, so you must resign yourself to the infliction of my society for a little while in stead." They talked of London, Rockliffe, the Mediterranean, (owes, and then it chanced that, inlmaternal-wise, Mrs. Ulrique added a word of gentle reproof to Madge for having deserted her indulgent husband for so unreasonably long a time. "Ah, but he had Rhoda here to minister to his welfare, far more effic iently than I, " retorted Madge, reck lessly. " True, " was the grave rejoinder; " but not even Rho a should be allow ed to supply the place of:an absent wife. You would not like to think, Madge, that Humphrey regardea her as an efficient substitute for you?" "Etpourguoinon?" retorted Madge, in a defiant tone, and with a little shrug of complete indifference, " Rhoda would have made a far better wife for Humphrey than I am ever likely to prove. Why did he not marry her, I wonder ? I am sure they were in love with one another at one time. " " For the best of all reasons, I sup pose, " returned the widow, laughing; " he evidently entertained some slight preference for you. " "Did you not once think that he was in love with Rhoda, and that Nuigent Neil admire-d me? That would have beetia far better arrange ment of the matrimonial harness, and then both hh-'da and I would have been married by now. " She: spoke with well-assumed in difference, yet ler heart -as beating to suffocation, her very haids grew cold! 6till, at all costs, she must know the truth. She had been blind, alas'! already far too long. "Nugent made nie his confidante, once upon' a time," returned Mrs. Illrique, unsupiciously, "and so I canniot iprofess ignorance of his ad miration for you. In truth, I really do not think he has altogether con quered his feelings, and so, Madge, in your-; place,: I should .'iot. encourage his too frequent visits here. He is an impulsive, reckless fellow and-" " Bosh I " returned Madge, shortly ; "I should have made him a suitable wife, whereaes Rhoda would hade enected ' Mrs. Holhne' to perfection. ,nfesse now; were you not disap pointed that matters arranged them selves otherwise "i' "Well, at one time, certainly I fancied Rhoda and Humphrey would umake a match of it, although neither of themn discussed the subject with.me. Hwever, you see it was ordered dif ferently ; moreover, inste?d of indulg ing in speculations as to what 'might have bheen.' at this uncanny hour, I should advise you,. madam!e, to go to bed, and cultivate your roses against Humphery's return. You are white, aand wan, and w,'ary-luoking to-night; we must not have him think the atmosphere of Holme Court exercises a.dl4eterious effect on .that wonder ful complexion of yours, which I know, he deems unrivalled through ,,ut the county." " Ha !" returned Madge, strangely. " Well, Mrs. Ulrique, gooi-night.'" (To be continued.) 