ftochkl Intelligence. Bacchus Marsh. — The church was duly consecrated by the Bishop on Wednesday morning, 20th April, under the title of Holy Trinity Church, in the presence of a large congregation. The Bishop was received at the principal entrance by Messrs. J. E. Crook and George Wood, trustees of the church. Mr. Molesworth Greene followed, acting as registrar of the diocese, and the Rev. A. J. M'Causland, the incumbent, and Rev. J. F. May, M.A., of Ballan, accompanied the Bishop. Upon reaching the communion-table Mr. Greene read the petition asking the Bishop to consecrate the church for divine worship, apart from all profane uses, and stating that it ? J ? _ P_ 1_lJ mi _ T* * _1_ ? £_ 1 1 ~. ? J 1 ? J.1- _ X_— ? _ *»1 ~-««« w. nv. '.1 V* ri waa nee oi ueoL. ine .Disnup, iuuuwgu uy tuts iiwu uitrgj' men. nnu the two trustees, then walked to the church door and back to the communion-table, repeating alternately verses of Psalm xxiv. The Bishop then offered special prayers relating to the several uses to which the church would be put, and afterwards signed the deed of consecration, which Mr. Greene read for the chancellor of the diocese. Morning prayer and the communion office then followed, with selected hymns and anthems which were exceedingly well rendered by the choir. The sermon delivered by the Bishop was short, according to his wont, but delivered with an impressive vigour quite magnetic in its influence, and forming an excellent model of pulpit eloquence, combined with keen intellectual argument. His text was taken from 2 Cor. vi. 1 — 'We then, as workers together with Him, beseech you also that ye receive not the grace of God in vain.' He pointed out that all mankind must be workers for good or evil, and that there was a continual conflict between good and evil. He con trasted the nobility of a life devoted to the cultivation of the highest righteousness with the ignoble character of a life devoted to selfish ness and sensuality, and combated John Stuart Mill's argument that the omnipotence of God precluded the possibility of man being a fellow-worker with Him in promoting righteousness. The Bishop compared the Church to the golden milestone which was set up as a guide to the chief city of the old Roman empire, and to the pillar which Jacob set up on the plains of Syria and called it Bethel. He declared that while faiths would change, the eternal inheritance of man's immortality would ever make the work in which they had been engaged a benefit to future generations in the place, and he hoped the building would be valued and used by all members of the Church resident in the neighbourhood. In the evening a confirmation service was held, the church being crowded. The Bishop in his address to the candidates exhorted them to beware of the plausible excuse for not partaking of Holy Communion — that they were unworthy — as that was a reason for taking the sacrament — to make them more Christlike — since all persons were free to come to the Lord's table, and were not to be judged of men as unworthy, unless they had committed open and flagrant sin, which would make their presence at such a holy rite a scandal to the Church. On Thursday evening the Bishop delivered a lecture in the Mechanics' Institute, to as large an audience as the building would contain, upon the subject of ' Christianity and Slavery.' The pulpit and reading-desk presented to Holy Trinity Church by the Hon. W. J. Clarke, M.L.C., were used for the first time on Easter Sunday, when the Rev. A. J. M'Causland alluded to the fact in a few appropriate words of congratulation to the congregation and thanks to the donor. The pulpit and desk were made by Messrs. Rocke and Co,, of Melbourne, and harmonise with the other fittings of the church, being constructed of Kauri pine and cedar. The pulpit stands about eight feet high ; it is divided into panels of a Gothic character, with mouldings, pillars, and other carved work in cedar, which contrast well with the amber colour of the main woodwork. In the centre panel the monogram of the donor is placed. The usual picnic given to the Sunday-school was held on the church grounds on Easter Monday, when a large assembly of children were regaled with all the usual luxuries pro vided for such occasions, and prizes were also distributed. Collingwood. — Anniversary services in connection with St. Phillip's Church were held on Sunday, 27th March, when the sermon in the morning was preached by the Rev. C. M. Yelland, in the after noon by the incumbent, and in the evening by the Rev. W. A. Brooke. The tea-meeting was held on the following Thursday evening. The Rev. J. Caton called attention to the number of parishioners who had rallied round St. Phillip's for years. No less than eight of the vestry had been in office fifteen years ago. He referred in feeling terms to the helpers who had passed away. He then alluded to the debtupon the church — £688 — and thought that if the ladies would hold a bazaar, a considerable sum might be realised. The Sunday-school was in a flourishing state ; there was a balance in hand of £8 6s. 3d. The Mutual Improvement Association had a balance of £4 3s. 9d. in hand, but he thought that parents should take more interest in it than they did. Saturday-evening meetings had also been established. The Rev. O. M. Yelland spoke on the subject of books, and gave some sound advice to young people given to reading trashy novels. Mr. Snowden made a few remarks respecting the bazaar. The sum of £300 clear was realised by the last bazaar, and the same sum might be expected from that proposed. He moved — ' That the incumbent be requested to call a meeting of ladies for that object.' Mr. Stevens seconded the motion, which was carried. During the evening, the choir, conducted by Mr. Robinson, contributed several pieces, the quartette — 'I was. glad' — being effectively rendered. Mr. Poole presided at the organ. The meeting closed with the usual votes of thanks. Djrysdale. — The annual meeting of St. James's Church was held in the schoolroom on 24th March, the Rev. G. N. Bishop presiding. Several reports were read and adopted. The treasurer's statement showed total receipts of £205 7s. 2d. for the year ; expenditure, £202 0s. 6d.; leaving a balance of £3 6s. 8d,, which was increased to £9 10s. 8d. by some sums received after the balance was struck. The schoolhouse had been re-built, and the cost paid off, with the exception of £85 9s. 6d, The debt on the parsonage amounted to £225. A balance of £25 12s. was lying in the bank to the credit of the organ fund. Guardians were appointed for the current year. Votes of thanks were accorded to the hbn. lay reader, the har monionist, and choir. Geelong : St. Paul's. — Holy week and Easter seem to have been well observed in this parish, During holy week there was morning and evening prayer daily, except on Friday, when the services were otherwise arranged. The evening services were fairly attended, and on Maundy Thursday there was a special address to communicants. On Good Friday there were four services— Litany and hymn at eight a.m.; morning prayer, sermon, and antecommunion service at eleven a.m.; service for children at three p.m.; evening prayer and sermon at seven. At morning service ' He was despised' (Handel) was sung after the third collect, and in the afternoon ' The Story of the Cross' — words by Munro, and music by Redhead — was sung by the children, and its meaning explained to them. The congregations were large, except at evening prayer, when rain fell heavily. On Easter day the church presented a very bright and festive appear ance. The whole building was adorned throughout with banners, scrolls, texts, and flowers, and the choir and sanctuary looked their very best, the floral decorations above and around the holy table being specially noteworthy. This parish happily possesses a little band of young communicants who Bpare neither time nor labour in beautifying their house of prayer. The services of the day were four — holy communion at eight a.m. ; morning prayer, sermon, and holy communion at eleven; service for children at three p.m., when the church was almost filled ; evening prayer at seven. All the services and sermons, as on Good Friday, were taken by the incum bent, Canon Chalmers, assisted in the reading of the lessons by Mr. W. C. Pritchard, of Trinity College. The anthems were — at morning service, 'Now is Christ risen' (Allen); at evening service, 'They have taken away my Lord' (Stainer). At evening service the church was very crowded. By the removal of the font to the west end, and the removal of certain disused children's galleries, the interior of the church has lately been much improved, and additional accommoda tion of a suitable character provided for upwards of fifty persons. The communicants on Easter day exceeded a hundred, of whom about one-half communicated at the early celebration. INVERLEIGH.— The annual picnic of the Church of England Sunday-school children at Inverleigh, took place on Wednesday, 6th April. The weather was favourable, and seventeen heavily laden vehicles started from the parsonage at half-past nine a.m. for a pretty . park-like spot on the bank of Native Creek, where it passes through Mr. Scott's run, which was selected for the festivity. About 120 children, and between 60 and 70 adults, were present, and all ap peared to enjoy themselves thoroughly ; the boys competing in a variety of athletic sports for prizes, whilst the girls, as well as the parents and teachers, after amusing themselves with suitable games, received the prizes provided for them in a more quiet way. At the close the children were addressed by Mr. J. Daniel, who has for a great many years been the superintendent of the Sunday- school, and toijwhom great credit is due for his unwearied and regular labours in that caapcity, and forthe hearty interest he has always taken in the Sunday-school, seeking no reward save that which they shall receive who have obeyed the Saviour's injunction, 'Feed My lambs.' Sandhurst : All Saints'. — At the parish church the Lenten and Passion-week services were fairly attended, the hours being so arranged as to be convenient to all classes. On Good Friday there was again held what is now known as 'the three-hour service,' which consists of shortened morning prayer, followed by a series of short addresses upon the ' Seven Words,' after each of which there is a space of a few minutes devoted to silent prayer, then a hymn upon the ' word' which formed the subject of the address. There was a very large attendance, and the whole service was exceedingly impressive. The altar was covered with a black cloth, and the cross over the altar was veiled in black. The anthem, ' O Day of Penitence,' by Gounod, and the hymns were all reverently and well sung. The solemn day was brought to a close with evening prayer and sermon. Easter Day was begun with a celebration of the holy communion, which was largely attended. At the midday service the church was crowded, and the great burst of sound that came from the lips of some hundreds of persons as the choir proceeded up the aisle singing, 'Jesus Christ is risen to-day,' was indeed soul-stirring. All the gloom and sadness of Good Friday had vanished. The altar-cloth of black was replaced by one of crimson, with white frontal. Instead of the veiled cross, there hung one of flowers, with a vase of beautiful flowers on either side. The pure white and gold hangings and the tasteful decorations were all in keeping with the glad, joyous tone of the music, which seemed to find an echo in the souls of all present. The second celebration was very largely attended, as was also the evening service. Both services were choral. Sandhurst : All Saints'. — In such a place as Golden- square, in this parish, it is highly gratifying to find so much life as to warrant the building of a larger and more substantial church than the present one, notwithstanding that the latter has not long been erected. The first stone of the new church was laid, 25th March, by the Venerable the Archdeacon of Sandhurst and Castlemaine. A procession was formed at the old church, and proceeded to the site of the new one, in the following order : — The architect ; building com mittee ; Sunday-school children ; surpliced choir (All Saints') ; lay readers of the district — viz., H. J. Howell, J. Drewett, and D. W. Weeding ; clergy, Revs. Holden and Carlisle, Canon M'Cullagh, Archdeacon Crawford. Beneath the stone was placed a bottle, con taining simply a copy of The Messenger, dated 8th March, 1881, and a parchment scroll, upon which the following words were written : — ' The memorial stone of this church, to be called St. Mark's, was laid on this 25th of March, 1881, by the Venerable Archdeacon Crawford, M.A., Archdeacon of Castlemaine and Sandhurst ; the Eight Eever end James Moorhouse, D.D., beiug Bishop of the Diocese of Mel bourne ; the Reverend W. R. Croxton, incumbent of the parish and rural dean of Sandhurst ; H. J, Howell, reader of the district of St. Mark's ; and the following gentlemen, being members of the building committee : — L. Jackson, J. Hewett, J. Osborne, J. Johnson, A. Singleton, W. Baxter ; W. Smith, architect.' The Archdeacon having placed some mortar under the stone, and having tapped ifc with a mallet, declared it well and truly laid in the following words : — ' I lay this memorial stone of St. Mark's Church, to be dedicated to the service of Almighty God ; in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' The remaining prayers being said, the Archdeacon made a short speech, in which he commented upon the progress made in the church in the rural deanery of Sand hurst, and spoke very highly of its rural dean, to whose energy and hard work the progress is mainly due. He spoke also in feeling terms of the illness of the Eev. W. E. Croxton, which was the unfor tunate cause of his absence on that day, which he had so longed to see. The Archdeacon added a hope that the church in Golden square would continue to prosper, and that the building, which he went on to describe, would be a blessing to many. The day was closed with evening prayer, and with a sermon by the Archdeacon upon the text, ' O woman, great is thy faith.' Stratford. — On Easter Sunday two sermons were preached in Holy Trinity Church, Stratford — that in the morning by Mr. G. F. South, that in the afternoon by the Eev. Canon Watson. Mr. Watson's eloquent discourse was listened to with earnest attention by a very large congregation. The Easter hymns, printed specially for the occasion, were sung by a strong choir, consisting of the choral guild of Trinity Church and the elder scholars of the Sunday-school. The organist of the church is Miss Edith King, who, although a mere child, plays tune or voluntary with remarkable taste and precision. The Easter decorations by Mr, T. G. Holt and a band of willing helpers under his direction were very beautiful and appropriate. On Easter Monday the Sunday-school picnic was hold. The day was lovely, the provisions good and plentiful, the games spirited, and the children delighted. On the following Tuesday evening the prizes were distributed to the Sunday scholars, in the presence of their parents and friends. The presentation of two volumes were looked forward to with special interest ; the one was to the scholar who, under an assumed Bible name, had answered the greatest number of Bible questions set at different times by Mr. South, The successful competitor was ' Esther,' who turned out to be the organist, Miss Edith King, who must be a diligent student, not only of the music of the sanctuary, but of the Book of God. Then came the gift of a large copy of the Oxford Teacher's Bible to Miss Lizzie King, from the teachers of the Sunday-school and other friends. The gift was well bestowed ; during a time of great depression, when the church was nearly at its last gasp, Miss King, though living at a consider able distance, attended regularly through all weather to take her class at the Sunday-school, bearing, indeed, the whole burden of the tuition of the school for several months on her own shoulders. TATURA. — On Sunday, 24th ult, the newly erected church in this township was opened for divine service, when sermons were preached, both morning and evening, by the Ven. the Archdeacon of Beechworth. Hitherto, services have been held in a large open shed, and the congregation appreciated the pleasant change in a very neat building, with porch, chancel, and vestry. The windows are stained, and the desk and furniture of the chancel are appropriate and good. ? ? ? 