CHRISTMAS CREEK. BY HENRY KENDALL. PHANTOM streams were in the distance—<*> mocking lights of lake and pool-<*> Ghosts of trees of soft, green Iustre-groves of shadows deep and cool. Tea, some derif ram before-them, chanfpng skies ofbrass to blu?— Setting bloom where corse isplanted—where "'i agrsasbladeneTor new. ?????-.? ? .?? Six arid high obova them glared a . naldand widened sun.: v-.. Ninety leagues from whore tho waters of the singing valleys ran. There Defore. them—there behind them—vu the great, stark, stubborn Plain, ?????? Where the dry winds bias fur ever and the blind earth moans for rain! . * . i Singed about, by tracts of - ninety >- leagnes from stream and tree, Six there were with .wasted faces, working ? northwards to the sea. Ah! the hitter, hopeless Desert! Herethcso broken human wrecks * i Trod the wilds where eand of fire is with, the i spitefulemnefex! ?????? Toiled throng spheres that no bird knows ' . wherewith fiery emphasis ' . " - HeU hath stamped its awful mi&tmaxk; deep on everything thai is Toiled v and , thirsted, strove.;and suffered. :? Thtt was where December's breath .... As a wind of smiting flame is, on weird, haggard wastes of Death 1 . ' " ' " SRit was. where, a-withered moral is, and the gleam of weak, won star, And a thunder foil of meance sends its mighty i To?ces&rl;'r-- : T%it was where black execration, from some dark Tribonal hnrled, Set the brand of corse on all thing* in the morning of the World! One man yielded—then another—then a lad of nineteen years Reeled and fell with KngWnJi riverssinging softly in his ears! TfagKiih grasses-started round him—than the grace of Sussex lea Came and*tonched him with the beaaty of a green land by the sea! Old-world faces about him—old world voices spoke to him; But his speech was his a whisper, and his eyes were very dim.. . In a dream of golden etemng, beaming on a quiet strand, , , lay the tin a bright Ono cams and took him by the hand. . . - l England vanished—died thevoiees: bnt he ' heard aholisr tone, - And an angel that we know not led Mm to the Six there were, but three were- taken! Three were left to struggle still! But against the red horizon flamed a horn of brindled hi?— But beyond tho northern iky line, past a wall of steep austere,, , Lay the land of light and coolness ivan Aped-; colored year. "Courage, brothers," cried tbe leader; "on the slopes of yonder peak There are tracts of herb and shadow; and the channels of the creek!" ? So they made one last great effort—haled their beasts through brake and briar-- Set their, feet on spurs of furnace—grappled mikes and crags of fire— Fount,the stahbom mountain forces—emote down risked natural powers, TTC they gazed from thrones of Morning on a sphere of streams and flowers! Qot behind them was the desert glaring like a \- aeaof hnini Here before them were the yalleysf-tr with modalight-coloied grass! ' , > . At their backs, were, haggard wastelands bieksringia a wicked blaze— In their faces beamed'the waters msrriu-g ' down tnefortinns ways! Touching was the cool, soft color over laps of lawn and lea, - ? .' And majestic waa the great road Mbzaing made acrsasthesea. - On. the sacred day of Christmas: after seven . months, of grief * Bested three cf six: who started, on a bank of moes and leaf— Bested by a running river, in a hushed—a holy ' week; And they named the stream that saved them— named it fitly— a Christmas Creek." . 