Mr Walsh, one of the candidates -£er East Melbourne, is in faVor of a redmotion in the Civil Service; but he does not approve of the' manner in wfcieih the 'Government is dischaxgii^j tins duly. What he would have done is this, according to one of his speeches recently reported in the Argue. fiat should go forth from the Government that no fresh appointments would be made; and the adoption of this course would, he believed, effect the desired end." That is to say, that instead of discharging aily person iit the service of theState, the numberof employes should be allowed to gradually reduce itself by. death or resignation; and all that is required, in the shape of cutting down the,, expenses of the would be realised by this system] Now there has, jnst' been a little too much of Mr Walsh of late, and any addition to it may induce that gentleman to think that he is -of no " small pumpkins" in the body politic when, judging by his past career, lie is of just about as little importance in the political world as the most ordinary individual who ever wooed "the favor and votes of the electors. IfeverSieless, it is necessary to risk an undue -elevation of this candidate in order to reply to one of the most silly ideas that -could well be urged, although it -caxrast be said that it is at all original -or novel. To begin with, Sir .Tames M^Cdmoch tried the same plan long ago, and what was the result} A complete jfoweo, as' everybody knows by this time; and, therefore, Mr Walsh is put >right out of court at onee by the fact that the theory has already been tested, and found to be utterly useless for the end attempted. 55nt setting this aside, clinching as it 5s as an argument, the absurdity of Mr Walsh's borrowed doctrine -can fe shown still more clearly in another manner. There are very few of .the departments in which fresh appointments can be avoided. The •ways, the Post Office, the Tdegrajfh Office, and the Education Department, must always be filled up- as vacancies occur; and the work being of £ purelyspecial ss nature, and in some -eases of an inferior kind, recruits for these' vacancies could aot be drawm from the other departments. The offi/iick needed s, must be sought for osteide, on the one hand, and from the system of training pursued, oa the other, because in no other maaaer % could the right men be obtained for tie service. If a porter .-OT a Ietter-caxiiei^ r a teacher, or an electric operator was f required, could either -of these be obtained from the " lardy-dardy" indivi- \ riduals who exist in the other departs n lents? Obviously they could not, piirtly because such men would not ha we the -taste or strength for the wort; ei an d partly because they would not ha- ve the efficiency required for the rem ainder. Consequently fresh appointments must always be going on in thesiJ departments, since .there is no other way to keep them up to their (work or to make them efficient. What fa them left, when these departments a oaiitte dl The reply is, a few departments in which a vacancy often. does not oecur once in six months, owing to the comparatively few officials who are required to do the work theyjjave to aeoompliitL The net result, therefore, of applying Mr Walsh's plagiarised djoefcene, would be so infinitesimal e;veh Jfear, that something like ^fifteen or i®Enty years at least would be nerzeemzy to get rid of all «aperflui ties, and to have not one mere official: fiaft in the departments -tfe 1 " the tra^k of - the departments -j?c- •quire tL «?The Government would n«£rde justice' toihe taxpayers by pursuing,a (Course of -kind. On the contrary^ lit mub^t always take. the «ours^ twfeieh the Beret Goveramenits 'hare pimsny 1 , partly that there may be no »more employes in the departments 4han the work to be Hone in -4hem -deeds, and partly, that tiiB expenditure of the "State may be fcrougfet into acoprd. with the. re venae. Otherwise, we ffienld have go on lor n years fthe state ef things which tfee^ h a« Bmy Governments have cured, namely, large njimher of pemme lounging .ebout the departoenta for- 4heee was no work; and the taxpayers would be Essreated to maintain these idjers while doing nntliing for thar moatey. ISTo .clearer proof indeed -of the absurdity of the doctrine w&icli; llr Walsh fcstaken up c like a" pprrot «ould be .asked for than what recent «veats hace revealed. Hundreds of parsons have ^een dismissed from the prfjlic offices without -tiie public service heing in y -way t s f e aUeeted prejudicially; and this ^rcumstesic showB emphatically that Mr VTai.sh'b borrowed doctdne were held to 'Sse sound, and ail these persons jiad " " in the pay ©f the State, the aisney which jthey would havie received) pending real vacancies o6cur-, ring to absorb fan, wotdd have been so' much of She receipts of the State absointeTy wasted. The taxpayers would never put -up with this state of things; and. they would well deserve "to be up.xfid up to the hilt if they submitted to tiny such injustice or nonsense. The course whifh both Beehv Government® have purSoed is obviunsly the proper one to adopt 5W»raf officials tae wt : ^ranted, their presence is with, and no £ftsh appointments are made, when, aoytliing of the kind can resorted to when the work Is either too humble, or too expert, to give to those who have been removed from the service. The state of the reveaue on the one hand, and rigidnecessitypn the other,; makes this the only safe course to pursue; and-the Conservatives never; shoy themselves moratdiotic than when] they condemn this Wholesome practice.' Looking -at the matter, then, in a practical, common-senss light, the Conservative idea, which Mr Walsh lias taken up, is one ef the most untenable and absuid notidas that could be pat forth. It mean£~sweating the juAlic to support employes whom the State does not require; aoi a doctrine of this kind is alike destit&te; of all senEe of fair play, end a 'complete abrogation of The Inte«ationaI Conference came vpry near to agreeing ujjon a lull with reference tothe Chinese --question; and had it -done so legislatwn -would beyond all doubt have followed that would have been very satisfactory and effective. "Victoria and Sew South Wales agreed, Subject to a slight modification, to this'-^rill, which, feythe way, was' •drafted by Sir Hssst Fabees; Isct New Zealand, Sooth Australia, and TaemEoia, gave the preference to the: Queensland Act; consequently for the 'present no definite decision, was come to upon the subject. It is to be hoped, ihowwer, that subsequent correspondence -will overcome this little dif-> iferesce of opinion, for a measure •of 'the sort, which Victoria and New South Wales agreed upon, is just : the very enactment that is reiquited tosave these colonies from an ,-uiSne influx of Chinese, and to put the whole Chinese question upon a sound and satisfactory footing. The bill, which for the present is laid aside, provides that the captain of any vessel bringing Chinese to an AostraHanpert, shall give fill! particulars of the Kith, occupation, and last place of residence of every Chinaman on board, felling which, or any inaccuracy, the." captain to be subject to a penalty of £200. No more than one Chinese for every 100 tons of the vessel's register t» -travel by the ship; and after these conditions have been complied -with, each Chinaman would have to. -pay "£10 on landing.' And the same • ocbaige would be imposed upon every! nhinamnn crossing the border from ' oae - colony to another. Any attempt - tx»-«vade this payment would be met •wfth a fine of £10, or twelve months' imprisonment as an alternative. All who are British subjects would be exempt from these provisions; but they would have toprovetheir oaturaJisation by a certificate from the Governor of any. British colony, or British Consul in any foreign port, according to where they came from, to prevent misrepresentation. TheChinese now-in the colonies would also be exempt from the fee, who obtained & certificate -of exemption from the nearest clerk of petty sessions, or warden. Chinese sailors would also be exempt, as ;fcng as they did not desert their e ships. . Finally, no Chinese, unless naturalised, -would be allowed to hold any real ^estate in the colonies, so as to preventanything like a settling down of these knmigrants amongst as. Such is the 'tell which Sir Henry Parkes drew up, and which the delegates ;ior 'Victoria endorsed; and it is ,only to be regretted that the.other colonies represented at Ahe Conference did not also give it itheir^aKtion. There is good ground, iowever; to hope that this dissent will -soon -he removed, since the only point rcpon which this difference of opinion was -based-was a preference for the ieenslaijd Act, which, although very strong, is .jiot so stringent as the Victorian aild New South Wales delegates awored. ^There can be very little doubt -that jsuch a bill as Sir Henry Paskks d^&fced; would prove a marked soooess in-ths direction desired; and that it is much needed is shown by the fact tibatthere.are. now 4000 Celestials in tie Northern Territory, and that they ate .etill .flocking there from China by hundreds. .He limitation imposed upon the number of persons brought by each ship,,aiid the .£10 fee, would have the most salutary effect—the one, because Aips from. China to Australia are by noaafmiK,numerous, and the other because would be Chinese immigtsnts, as an. ahnost - invariable rule, axe too re poor to find.$ny.such .fee as would be exacted. With-these twoconditiens nothing like a. -horde of .Celestials cotdd comply; and, :there£are, with such a measure in operation in all the Ane-. tralian eolonies, -the - Chinese qnestion — would * j be i brought i . t • ijpto - i such , small dimensions as «o langer V tocause any terror or trouble. We should have Chinese still come, no dout>t; but it would be in such very small numbers, or driblets, as s&eer; to . proyc either a burden or a nokazice.. - ,The prompt sanction which the ;lmpengl Government gave to -the Queensland Act, would - ensure, for such, a bill as Sir Henky Parkbs has iirawn up, the same approval,endorsed by the whole of -these coWiies, qo that no Impediment would apse in the old country to its «oming :iate .operation if all these caJonies »gr«ad upon Its adoptirai. It is : to be hoped thftt tho difierehce of opipjpn n^atJt now prevails against this ^nd being attaiatd, wilL soon be removed, for of; the sdiemes yet propounded to quell ith " ydlow " asony,"" ~ this '" bill is'' undoubtedly the best thai could heput into practice. & £4 i£l 5s cost&, isa£t pUBishmeotfor that shocking ill-treatmentif a which was " described in > - , . , ,, COhUBBB Ofyasterday, how small a«(aii would have -to be' minted to satiny She — - a man were to ixiockl t e t o ^ n o t ^ r o ^ imply io hnmiaeate him before his a ellows! This question is induced by, the case' which -aras heard in the City Polios Court, Melbourne Monday afternoon lest, and which ia certainly one of the most atrocious events of the land whieji, so far thiscolony is concerned, "has yet challenged notice. A Mh Mary Oltvbr, wife of # general dealer in Oariten, was observed . tjy her neighbors dealing with her stepson, . aged -only three years, after the following fashion. The boxing* each side of .the, child's head violently, sod: z, — „«, ^ mwj which the raid is paved. She then! pulled wp hia rfothesind smadced ldm.' 33tec die Gripped i>int, £biew Mm doTO against a w»ier 4ap, and ttursed the water fall upon him. Holding his head by his hair, die next let the water rash into his month «nd sose, tmtalfe was fiftarly choked. Tfae child vas then left wet and shivering _for nearly ten minutes. At the aid of that period, Mrs OttVEfi, heing rajuined the shop, pat a, log over the efeild, which was "try this" tixee lying upon the ground, so that he would not be able to -move mntil she returned t the slaughter. But by this time the neighbors ""deemed ii time to interfere; and -any 'further amiability of the same kind wae prevented. He child vss then fckenby police to ^se Childrtn's Hospital, and tie xlsctor found the cfciid, from tire fcateocks to the knees, cbTCred with »eeently-inflicted red weals;-also, with * dangerous bruise over the navel, and a bla& bruise as large as a man's hasd ever the shoulder-blade; the child at mud frightened. All this, be it remembered, happened to a poor little oMld oely three years of age, whose Sanlt seeais to have been thst he had neglected to resort to a certain place to •which mature should have prompted an •early ^departure. Now, in SSngland, a manor woman guilty of treafenentof this kind would inevitably have been sent for trial, and probably when there receives two or three years' imprisonmeaC for such terrible cruelty; for the home courts take a very strong view •of- cruelty to children, and more especially "when a stepfather or a stepmother falls into any such brutality. Bat) 'in Melbourne they seem to manage matters of this sort differently. There, all that'Mrs Oliver did was deemed suSeiently met by the -court imposing •a.fine of £i with £1 3s costs, which the husband, being in-a good position, foand no'difficulty of course in paying. We-trust there are net many mothers or stepmothers in this colony like Mrs &nrER; but if there be, is this the way to- impose a check upon, their tempers, or -to secure for their children fair and hsmane treatment 1 " We cannot think so, because to our msnd it seems just the very way to make them more cruel and vindictive. Anything more vicious than this child of three years met with it- would be hard, short of actual mur- Ser, -to conceive; and yet the culprit escapes with a fine that a very ordinary assault between man .-and man would be-"visited with in return for the outrage. Our police courts often play -strange vagaries; -but of all the eccentricities yet indulged in, this case of Mrs Oliver has certeinly evolved the strangest. It is ..as - complete a burlesque of justice as ever occurred; and no feeling but that -of disgust can be entertained for such an inadequate result to perhaps as atrocious a piece of brutality as was ever committed. 3&e; K.M.S. Peshawar arrived st Albany at ten uiinutes past six last evening. Oar Melbourne correspondent telegraphs:— "The report of the Beaufort collision board is net yet obtainable, but I understand, that -the .evidence presses very heavily against Newsman, the engine-drive^ and that he will be prosecuted. 11 Hie. sufferers. from the xarlway collision were ail in an improved condition yesterday. Mrs Spencer passed a beltfcj- joiglit, and continued to improve during tke day, and her case becomes of a more hopeEal: natnre every hour. Xiittle Mavjini is also much better, and promises to recover rapidly from his injuries. We-fggret .to announce the -death of Mr BernardXavery, one ot the olfiest-residenta at Springs. EUs remains will be conveyed to the Spti&gs; Cemetery this afternoon at .tiiree o'clock. • A man- gained John Dermoody, who.made his name notorious some years tince by escaping £com the Ballaiat Gaol in company U"ith Scott, .alirus Captain Moonlite, was- before the City. Police Court yesterday charged with threatening to blow out the Ivaira .of his wife. 3£e was ordered to be bound 4>ver to keep the peace for twelve months, in his own reeogniaejnee of £50, and two sure ties, of £23 each, bat.as he expressed his inability to provide the required security, he will have to pass his twelve months in gaol. A couple of Inhibition excursion trains one from Stawell.and the other from Ararat —passed through Ballarat yesterday zcoramg, making a jatappage of a&oat; fonr mimtes at Hie Western station. The arrangements for the comfort of the tixeurtsiouists, however, were net at«U creditable to the department, and almosi^showed a want of common humanity. The •gtawell train having left that town at five ti'clock in the moniing, arrived in Ballarat shortly after nine o'Sock, and, to accommodate the passengers,' Mr Irwin, the catener -at the Western station, had provided tea, -coffee, sandwiches, and an excellent breakfast generally, being advised by Stawell residents that refreahmenta would be required after a Seor hours' journey, and of course anticipating that -a short stay would be made here for .that purpose. The team, certeinly, did aaske a stoppage, but to the astonishment of .the' passengers and a number of gentlemen -on the platform, the station- master * (no tioulit acting under instructions) positivdy refused to allow the doors of the carriages to -be opened. This ungiy passengers were of .coarae highly incensed that a, plentaoiujlieal wBS waiting for i tllem of which they were forbiddento par -take; : but bat notwithstanding nutvitiisim^Bff the the loud lnnil calls mile for fm something to. eat and nsok, the stationmaster waia obdnrate, And in sl. few minutes started off the bain. Consequently the w^iole of Mr Irwin's arrangements for the espfort of the' excursionist wer6 valueless, ang the provisions he .-had srovided were aebtally wasted. As for the laman beings, whotjiad been without food for fully four boox^, less consideration was shewn to ti^ than irould have - been bestowed An travel ling dieep and cattle. We de not know with whom the responsibility of such arrangements rests, but the sooner the department alters this state of thing! thefcetter if will.be for the travelling pobhc aad the rulway revense. 3Che very sudden death of a ' Utile girl namedMargartt "Kavanagh'shockedtie —' evening. -OL&ppeaisthat; the j-hil^l. who was eleven years .of ^ge, ajud who lived with her patents ata cs£i m Armstrong street, has for the past eeVefi.cr eight yecra been euhjwt to epileptic fits. On Monday evening the mother ofthe &j;£le girl saw her-fall as if-in * fi^andha«tei£jig to her asdstance, found mit had 5 appeared .before when the child ^ had a 5 St. She sentifoE-s medical.own, and Dcf HifthduSe Was eoos in attendance, only, Jsw^ver, -tofindthiit iie litHeprlwae dead, she apparently, having never breathed after Bhe UiL down. From ihe appearance of the ^l* 1 6 di< l- fa !S syncope, consequent upon her continued sickness. Testerday C. G ~ J.P., Wld a' m n enquiry C?®- 4 inbp the cause of bove aaageed. lie »»ffafay.fa> found— ^Thot the deceased, Margaret Ksvanagh, jfefl on the nigfat of the 31rt dayJannary t8ti, at eyiufpe, consequent vffon heart fle cushions ceported in oar ve^srday' saees having be^ lhaliciously rjppelroteii, did noi belong to City Fire Brigad^ but to A.Mr WillSms, «csimercial traveUer, nr wa« staying at the Fi® Brigade hoteL Some rottghfl, whom the police now mirinndj it had' been closed, an4, admission being denied them, they jumped the yard fence, and taking the buggy cushira&s;, deliberately tipped them .open, and then threw them away. .... Mr Elsdon, engineer-in-chief rf the Vic"-' torian railways, paid an official visit to the: VTestern railway station yesterday, to -ex """" the " tefor th " train. The metftbers of the board appointed to investigate <&e; cause of the late accident at Beaufort iibo retained to Melhoame yesterday. ^ The naughty boy who left the Beformatoiy bo iwceftettaniously on Monday evening, was caught Monday night' late, under a hedge at fte gardens, fie is now in the Befonnatoiy agsin. The Bungareeshirc Council held its first meeting for the new year yesterday, when there was a full council and a goodly number ef^aiepayers present. The meeting did net o close before -there had 4>een numerous passages at arms between different members the council; and the ratepayers present, besides evincing great interest in the combats, now and then, in a genial airy way, .quite captivating in its freedom from irksome conventionalities, swooped into the council's deliberations with benign condescension and almost phenomenal volubility. Sometimes there would be what is described in " Midshipman Easy" as a " triangular duel"—two councillors and a ratepayer engaging in an earnest, and sometimes high-toned, discussion. Altogether, the chairman had a lively time of it, the difficulties which beset the councillors on every hand them somewhat tart in reply to one another, and rather restive of the restraints consequently imposed upon their desires to effect -improvements in the shire. A woman named Robertson was locked up last night on a charge of stealing a book from Mr Walker's book-stall, in the Main -street. ^ She will be dealt with at the Town court this morning. The annual meeting of the subscribers to the Scarsdale District Belief 7?tmd was held on Thursday evening iaet in the Town Hall; Mr Wm. Carnegie presiding. The report and balance-sheet were received and adopted, the latter showing that =tbe receipts had'been about £30 more than for the previous year. The office- bearers lor the -ensuing year were elected as follow;—Patrons—The Hons. P. Russell and John Cumnring; president, Wm. Carnegie; vice-presidents, Robert Bell and G. Stoker; secretary, H. H'Kenzie;. treasurer, J. T. Bagiey; committee—Mefflis A. Young, M.L.A., J. Bind, G. Prentice, G. V. Knight, W. Young, i Edgar, 'F. Partridge, Wm. Porter, G. J. Jones, H. .Logan, andD. Flovritt; auditors, Messrs -E. -Knights, jun., and J. Booth; hon. snrgsan, I>r R Stewart. A special vote of was .passed to Dr Stewart for his past eenaceg;and the meeting closed with a vote of thanksto'the chairman. The following ib from -th^-fort Adelaide 2?ew8 of Saturday Jast^ — " Everyone acquainted with the Bight Bev. Bishop Short will regret his illness, wiieh causes him 'to resign his see in March Etit. ,It is surifjosed that his successor i n eSoe Win be the Bishop of Ballarat (Dr Zhorotonj." A special raefting of 4he Soldiers' Hill Juvenile Temperance Fine -Bngade was held on Monday night; Echard il'Kay in tile chair. Three new men^era .were elected* The secretary's report «f the late tea and entertainment was received. It showed that the meeting was a decided success. It was moved and carried that the secretary send the best thanks tS the committee to those ladies and gentleman -who so kindly assisted; also to the City snd Town Drum and Fife Band and the CEty lire Brigade. He following officers were duly elected for three months:—Captain, W. Hickey (reelected); vice-captain, J. Coagressj secretaiy, G. Langley; treayurer, W. Congress; committee, Messrs Acreman, Adair, Boucher, and Gregory. At the Eastern Police Oourfc yesterday morning, Mr D. Turpie levied -the usual amounts on three inebriates, and remanded Sarah Brown until Ibarsdw next on a charge of having stolen a pair of :be£ts from • Mr J. P. Collins, Bridge street. The annual meeting of the subscribers to the Ballarat East Public library was held at the library last night. The report, which shows that me institution is in a very flourishing condition, will be found in our report of the meeting published in another column. The botany class at the School of Mines will re-assemble on Friday evening, at -seven o'clock. The lecturer in this euhject lias just completed arrangements for exhibiting the most minute particulars of the structure of plants on a screen by means of the oxyhydrogen light. Students will thns faave the opportunity of critically e-mmining the most delicate organisations of botanic specimens. We might expect that ladies would be led to engage in the study of this Euiyeet, from which so much pleasurable" knowledge may be gathered. There have been, and still are, many young ladies at this institution devoting their energies to the acquirement of a knowledge of other sciences, as mathematics, telegraphy, chemistry, 4c.; and doubtless botany will receive its due share of attention from the fair sex also. A meeting of the Board of Advice for the North Biding of the Shire of Bipon was held on Monday. There were present Messrafi. Barnes (in the chair), Thomas (correspondent), and Thomas. Correspondence.—From the Education Department! intimating that the head teacher of the Beaufort school had received leave of absence to the Christmas vacation, but as the present staff could carry on the school duties, another teacher was unnecessary.—From same, that Mr F. Conndon has been appointed to the Waterloo school during the ahsence on leave of Mr Vance. A number of communications from -tiie department and from teachers were read relative to the excursion trains to the Exhibition and fares. It was resolved that the whole of the schools be granted a holiday on Friday, the 4th February instant. Mr Barnes stated that he had seen a letter that morning, to the effect that the head teacher, Mr Grenfell, would receive a month's leave of ahsence, and that a teacher wouid be sent np in his-place at once.—From Edward Haywood, asking permission to give a pictorial lecture in the schoolroom, which would be the means of being instructive as well as amusing to the pupils. It was decided to allow the use of the school when required. The rolls-of the several schools in the riding for non-attendance the. required number of days were examined, and' it was resolved to summon -Certain persons, while a number were struck oat where a satisfactory explanation -was given. It was also resolved to write to eorae'4f the parents, giving them -warning. A series of readies was given last night by the' Bev. J. W. Inglis in the -schoolroom of the BiMe Christnan Church, Skipton p street, inaid of the trust fund. . The Bev. T. i J. Cory occupied the clour, and the readings a proved to be very attractive. The chairman o stated that Mr Tnglia had been detained from tb going to Melbourne to attend the funeral of m the llev. Dr Cairns, having promised to give \- the readings. .. The Chenytoee, Smythesdale road, and Bunker's Hill schoolspaid a visit to the Exhibition last week. The teachers in chafge were MrE.fi. Hamilton and Mr M. Tierney of . Chenytree, and Mrs M. J. Twjss of Bunker's HilL The children spent a most agreeable time," and not the least enjoyable portion pfJihe Mp.iias a visittothe People's Jjeatre to which they were invited free by Mr Keith, as agent for Mr Jonas of BalW. fy" P fessor Jonas'ghosts. With the ehildren were fourteen adults.. Mr John, Kennedy and Mr Watson took the greatest tare of the children during their walk throngh the streets of Melbonme, and nothing occurred to mar of theehildren eliated"applanse*from The good conduct all who fsame in contact with them. The annual concert in aid of the funds of the Ballarat and Geelong hospitals will be held in the Assembly-rooms, Morrisons, on the 18th instant. In addition to the well-known local performers, a number of ladies and gentleme from Ballarat, Geelong, Camperdown, Elaine, and the surrounding neighborhood will give their services on the occasion. Colonel Champ, of' JJarra, win preside, .and Mr'Geo,. Steadman will, as usual, officiate at the piano. m _ —" "Hje first annnal meeting tf shareholder , of the United Australian Mutual Eire Insnrance Company, limited, was bald at the combanylB offices, 88 Collins street east, ye&sterakft; Mr E. J. Harvey in the ehiir. Hie a directors, injJadsg. before the shareholders the first years ^pecations, have the pleasure bo to natare-Of thebasineaa done once (she formation of the company,' are pleased to be Jn a position , to say that they have received a fair, share ;«f busness, .and they acknowledge tiie co-operation of many of -the shareholders in inirodncing thelr business. '"The report and accounts submitted were adapted,: and ii dividend at the rate of 8 per cent Was deejared, payable on and after the 1st Februaiy. . The retiring dir$etors, the Ron. Dr Hearn and Mr ?0hn Pigdan, were . were dne to the manager {Mr Webster), aa through liis commercial experience the company had -considerably prot&ed; in regard to its risks. The meeting terminated with a vote of tihgnV^ to the directors' and manage, ment ef the company for their services for the past year."" We sre desired to call attention to a notice in our advertising columns of a dividend being payable at the offices of the United Australian Mutual Fire Insurance Company, 20 Coffins street cast About 100 oz of amalgam was stolen from the boxes of the Rising Star" Company battery, Daylesford, t>u Saturday last. No clue has yet been obtained to the thief. We understand that Mr Taylor,' who so long conducted the Red Honse baker}', Dana street, intends to resume business in Ballarat, and for this purpose has purchased the baking and confectionery business hitherto carried on by Mr Roker in Sturt street. Everybody will be glad to se» Mr Taylor prosper in his new venture. The attendance at the Exhibition on Monday w&s; as follows:—By single tickets, 429S: season ticket holders, 92; miscellaneous, 1410; total, 5S00. We have received No. 9 of the ''Ballarat Monthly," which, as usual, is well written and neatly printed. The opening leader deals with the Rev. C. Strong s view of the Atonement, and expresses an opinion that the assembly is quite right in calling him to account for his conclusions on this subject. We have also received a colored lithographed .almanac for 1SS1, as printed in the Mel- "bonrne Exhibition by Messrs C. Troedd and Co. A very fine plate occupies the centre, illustrating a scene at the I^ipsic fair on the occasion of a false alarm that a lion had escaped from the menageri'e. The steamers Despatch and Albatross, from the wre£k bfc the ship Hereford, arrived (says the Herald) on Tuesday morning. The former brought a veiy large cargo from the ship. The quantity of water that has been thrown out of the ship has caused the cargo remaining in the vessel to Soat in the fore part of the vessel, raising the after part nearly high and dry. Several persons well acquainted with the purchase of shipwrecked ivesssls state that the quantity of cargo ^already landed at .Melbourne will pay the' amount for which the wreck was bovght, and also all expenses connected with bringing the same to Melbourne. At the annual.meeting of the- Sandhurst liberal Association, which was held on Monday night, it was definitely stated (says the Bemiigo Advertiser) that Mr John M In tyre will contest the seat for Maldon when it becomes vacant by the resignation of Mr Service. A sudden death from -blood-poisoning occurred (says the Age) at. Echuca on Monday. A few days since Mr Saltinarah, bookbinder, complained of » small pimple on his lip, which Gradually disappeared, but re-appeared on Inursday and increased rapidly in size and-virulence. On Sunday Mr Saitmaruh was confined to his bed, when the whole face and head assumed a purplish-green hue. The lip split in various places. He was in intense agony on Monday, and was delirious till three o'clock in the afternoon, when he died. Dr'Crossen used every known antidote unavailingly. It is surmised that the deceased had been bitten -on the Hp by some insect, and scratched the place With his finger nail, and that coloring matter, used in paper raHhg, was introduced into the wound. He leaves a widow and family wholly destitute. Mr James Russell, of Barnnah Plains (says the Oeelong Advertiser), has been elected,' unopposed, as a councillor for the middle riding of the shire of Leigh, in the plaoe of CoimeillorKininmonth, who recently resigned position owing to his having left the colony. A man named Galvin, engaged in sinking ' a. well at Perricoota, met (says the Jlge) with a serious accident on Friday last. He had reached a depth of 30 feet, when the drift came in, notwithstanding the shaft was slabbed, and Galvin was buried to the shoulders. The alarm was given, and the neighbors have ever since been endeavoring to extricate him, but the slabs have pinned him, and they have not released him up to the present (Monday). In the Wimmera (says the Ararat Advertiser) where harvesting has been quite completed, the average is light. We are informed by a gentleman who has _ just passed through the wheat district^ that Nhill shows the highest returns. There as much as twenty-five bushels to the acre have been stripped, the average being about eighteen. In some portions of the open country, a bag to a bag and a half per acre is the return -of the stripper, eight bushels being considered good. Around Banyena the crops have been equally poor, whilst at Avon Plains the average is estimated at | twelve bushels per acre. ~ In lie feck portions of the Wimmera district the yield has been materially interfered with by rabbits. On Saturday last the dead body of _ laborer named Shea, an old soldier, was found {says the Argus) in one of the shire wells at Yalca, distant about twenty-five miles from Shepparton. He is supposed to have been murdered on the 22nd January, since which time the body must have been m the well. A man known by the name of "Bob" was seen with him last on that date, This " Bob " has since disappeared, appropriating ahorse, saddle, and bridle, with which, it is supposed, he has made his escape. The water of the well was used while the dead man was in it. The body was in a very advanced stage of decomposition. Dr Fitzgerald, who made the post-mortem, is of opinion - that death was caused by a fracture of the back of the skull, tie result of a blow from a stick. A man named Donnelly (says the Ararat Advertiser), one of the line Tepairers on the Ballarat railway, has been suspended. Donnelly, one day last week, was Tiding on a trolly," when he narrowly escaped being ran down by a wheat train, on the incline before reaching the Hamilton junction. The wheat harvest at Orange (says a telegram in last night's Herald) is splendid, and it is estimated that the yield will be from 25 to 35 bushels per acre. For the grain from one paddock-of 100 acres the owner will not accept payment for less than 2900 bushels. The cheap excursion trains (says the Age) have been an Unqualified success in inducing country people to visit Melbourne for the urpose of inspecting the Exhibition, and it s probable that many thousands will be enbled to visit the great show who would therwise have been prevented. Three disricts have already been dealt with; the fitst eing Gippsland, over which line 100? pas- sengers travelled; 750 came from Geeloneand 3500, including 600 children, from Baliaiat On Monday the Colac and Queensch'ff ppople had their turn, and some sixteen carrages, containing some 600 people, arrived m town. • The following are tiie dates for the remaining districts, the tickets in -each case being available for seven days, excluding Sundays:—Stawell and Ararat, 1st February- Horsham, 3rd February; Portland and HamUton, 4th February; -Castlemaine, Kyneton, and Daylesford, 7th'Februarv^idhSt^3 Inglew^d, Stt and SthJpXCT n>- ,10th February; Maryborough IZd iSl 11th February; St. Araaud and Dunollv 14th February; Benalla, 18th Febmaiy- Wodonga and Beechworth, 19th February. , The .result of the experimental shipment of >neat and butter by the s.s. Protos is conmdered so-satisfactory, that the Argus understands the Australian Frozen Meat Company have chartered the vessel for -two Sore (voyages. There is a patch of land of about 1000 acres mgalong the Battuiat railway line between Jjethbndge and Meredith bare of all vegetation. A curious reason (says the Argus) is given for this remarkable barrenness. Last Season the land mas attacked by myriads of Hie Mack caterpillar, which -not onlyssems to have (eaten out the very' roots of the veee tabon, but to have poisoned tbe soil in anner; .. i- Rjcen% at tie Margaret (saya the Korthem-Tertttory-correspondent of the ine) a lucky find wis made of a specimen containing over J00 o* of gold.. . The spedinen was a quartz boulder known to newly evetyibe rathe creek. I knew it myssif weH,-«n(l often sat down to enjoy a smoke on it It Was in the ray ceiifce oftte thoroughfare, only 50 yards from tiie police camp, and completely coated in quartz. of his pick, and the golden kefriel wastfis- «>^ered. The stone was . broken up, and three hagsof specimens and gravel taken to the_neareefrwater. The police and a nnmber of Europeans .attended to ke ttii'iJh!., j it It was— : (rasm ' " " ~ ' x « OI make a sera were law-abiding, cuB8taiut& A There was a rush to the place, and 300 men worked for a week without getting a speck of gold within 300 yards of where the boulder lay. A Brisbane spiritualist (says the Gedahg Advertiser) declares that Leichardt was devoured by a shark at the Golf of Carpentaria. Enthusiasts maintain that this is direct from Leichazdt himself. What withjthe Chinese and atmospherical disturbances the people of the Northern Territory appear to have a lively time of it. The Age correspondent writes :—"The Chinese are still flocking here in hundreds, and they now number 4000 to about 500 Europeans, while we may soon expect another 1000\. We are just now going through a strange season". The cyclones have been veiy severe. In one day I have seen three iron houses stripped, and; two days after the township at the Union almost demolished. On the 5th of December a thunderstorm visited the place with terrific violence. The wind was not heavy, but 4 inches of rain felt in two hours, and the thunder was incessant. A Chinese store was struck by the lightning and burnt to the ground. Four Chinamen were injured. Two days after a heavy shower of rain fell, accompanied by veiy little electricity. It was a steady fall without wind or thunder, when suddenly a tremendous explosion occurred, while a flash of lightning struck apparently in the centre of the township, lighting up the whole place and producing a strong smell of sulphur. No one was seriously injured. Singularly tins was the only'dap of thunder experienced during that .storm." The. Sandhurst correspondent of the Telegraph writes:—" The adjourned-charge of highway robbery under arms, preferred against the young man John Smith, alia* Richard Hart, was disposed of at the city police court on Monday, before Mr Webster, P.M. Several fresh witnesses were examined, whose evidence, however, contained—no. material points beyond what hail previously been elicited. The prisoner was committed for trial at the February sittings of the Sandhurst Assize Court." The tornado on Thursday last (says the Age) caused great devastation in the Moama forests. Thousands of trees were overthrown. Many houses in Perricoota, Moira, and Moama were considerably damaged. The fate of Sub-inspector Dyas, of Hormanton, who had been missing for some time past, has (says the Brisbane Courier) foeeu now definitely cleared up by a telegram received by the acting commissioner of police. The dead body of the unfortunate officer was found by Sob-inspector Idmond with a party of troopers who had gone out in search, about forty miles up Rocky Creek. Mr Dyas had met his death at the hands of the blacks, and his body was pierced with spears in many places. His gun had been discharged, and it seemed probable tiiat he had beaten off his murderers, and died gradually from the exhaustion consequent on his wounds; During his last' hours he had scratched '"Dyas 1 Tkri n with u-i+1. a stick . o^.l, upon the 4.1. earth i where he lay, for the information of anyone who might find his body. The blacks had evidently retained after his death, as the body was laid in a shallow grave, and just covered over with earth. Mr Dyas had studiously endeavored to open friendly relations with the blackB about Normanton, and was supposed to be a favorite with them, so that the treacherous outrage that brought him his death is very discouraging to those who are hoping for a better feeling between the two races. The police are endeavoring to follow np the murderers, but the rainy season makes travelling a matter of difficulty, and the country is too deep to allow the mounted troopers much advantage from their horses. We are requested to direct attention here to the fact that Messrs R. Tunbridge and Co. will sell by auction, on the premres, to-day, all the stock-in-trade, horses, buggies, harness, coachbuildere material, general saddlery, ironmongery, 4c., the property of the late Mr James Boll, of Doveton street. The sale will start at eleven o'clock. A commanding officer's paxade of the 1st B.Y.R. will be held this eveniSg, at halfpast seven. Forage caps are to be worn until further notice. All past and present officers of the L.O.L. of Victoria are requested to meet at the Buck's Head hotel, Hii« evening, at eight o'clock, to consider business of importance. •A special meeting of the Excelsior Tent, LO.R., will be held next Thursday evening, to consider business of importance. Mr S. Carter will deliver an address in the Humffiay street hall, this evening, at half-past seven. The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Horticultural Society will be held at the Mechanics'-Institute, this evening, at half-past seve n * Members of the Independent Orderof Oddfellows are requested to assemble this evening, at eight o'clock, at the lodge-room, for the purpose of meeting the grand lodge repre sentsatives. A good attendance is expected. The autumn show of the Geelong and Western District Agricultural and Horticultural Society will be held in the Industrial Exhibition building, Geelong, on Thursday, the 10th March. The entries will close on the 7th of tile same month. Prize schedules can be obtained direct from the secretary, from the principal seedsmen in Ballarat. Mr C. F. Whichlo announces in our advertising columns to-day that he is a candidate for the representation ofthe Blackwood division in the Ballarat Mining Board. The committee of the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum invite tenders to-day for printing 1200 copies of the annua] report Partiealais will be fonnd in our advertising columns. The Australian Natives' Association will meet at Craig's hotel this evening at eight o'clock, when an essay will be read by the president of the Creswick branch. 