[?] A Whiff of the Past. We are not old enough yet to have many ghosts, but If there is any place where the spirit of the dead and gone past haunts us, it is in prosaic Parramatta. When the por ter at the Redfern station calls out, in that peculiar intona tion he so loves, ' Parramattah ! all stations to Parra raattab !' we are not reverentially impressed. But if we get into the train, and devote a few hours to wandering through that respectable old town, we find ourselves, if at all imaginative, put back half a century with little trouble. And half a century is a good deal, for us. Beally there is nearly as much social change between the Parra matta of to-day and the Parramatta of the beginning of this century, as there is between England under Victoria and England under Harold the son of Godwin. But outwardly Parramatta bears many a sign and token that it has a name in the history of the colony. First and foremost, let us wander in the historical Park, surrounding the once gay and animated, now dilapidated and half-tenanted, Government House. Is it not worth a short trip from Sydney only to stroll under this avenue of oak trees, ' now in the glory of their spring foliage?' How mean and colourless the un fortunate gum trees look, that by chance have been left in this strange company. In winter time, however, they have their revenge, when the oaks have only a skeleton array of branches to show against their serviceable, if not hand some, leaves. Sitting under the shade of these trees, one hears the songs and notes of birds that have found a new home from the country where their forefathers built nests, And it seems quite in accordance with the place that you should. There is one thing in Parramatta Park, however, that does not add enchantment to the view : this is the iron footbridge that crosses the sluggish ^ver. This, in stead of btSng a rustic wooden construction, is about as ttgly a spedn.HH of modem skeleton ironmongery as could well be desired, snd looks quite out of harmony with its surroundings. town itself has a very old world look about it, for the hanu of improvement has been iese sparing than in Sydney, and tenses &sd; buildings of a bygone 速?速速'?(,here. The style and architecture of the Macquane Mid Fitzroy days was not perhaps beautiful, but it certainly did not possess the brown-papery, throwit up- any how element that so highly characterises the terraces m it8, - we loiter on the old-fashioned bridge 2mi Cv?.EBi!Lmj速 nver, below the Park, we see above us the ii iire the school wherein many of our well-known Sydney men have passed their early days. It was, ana is still, one of the principal schools of the colony, ^ 'J? tb^se times, competitors have sprung up everywhere, and the old place doubtless relies a good deal on past repu tation. Below us, the flat rocks that form the bed of the nver, have had a narrow channel cut through the centre of tnem. ^ ini6 is to form a scour, to carry away the drainage frqin the upper part of the town. It is, no doubt, a good thing to create an Artificial current to carry away the pollu tion, but it seems rather queer policy to pollute the stream at all. But at draining and road-making we are just ffcuOttt as far D6iiiQd as ever wc W6rc, \- P^per, the new and modern buildings, there is utile to be said. One Australian town is as much the reproduction of another as one cherry is of its fellow, and truth compels one to state that the idea is not a perfect one. An utter absence of shade trees in the main streets, either present or prospective, is a mistake, and the adoption of the tin-pot and tea-kettle order of architecture is not altogether satisfactory. But, after all, Parramatta's chief glory is its Park. If we re-enter by the gateway, where the unfortu nate Lady Fitzroy met her death, and get on to the higher Blopes, we are rewarded with a view that is not to be ob tained about Sydney. Long stretches of champaign country and distant mils that are juBt high enough to com plete and round oft the view. The old governors had a good eye for situation, and were wise in their generation to choose their residence away from the relaxing air of the shores of Sydney harbour. At any rate, they did more for the place they lived in than the present race of lay figures are likely to do. They sought to beautify the surround ings, and make the land they dwelt in to some extent a home. And as one turns regretfully away from the shadow of those old oaks, one is apt to think whether the old con vict days were not better m some respects than the present times. Times of public scandal, of effete legislation, of larnkinism, and mad hurry. Better for everybody but the convicts, of course. ' E. F. 