tramore, Aagaat 27. 1881. Chit Chat. Ir ha« baca often a tated that when the cat ia away the mi ou will play, and judging by the reportad debate in the tn ittor of the Crowo Street Public School, it would appear that tho moat potent, grave, and reverend aignon who represent this Colony in Mtcqiiarie átroet, took advantage nf tlio uh-i»nc-; of lim Pr-»mif;r from the House tho otUor night, t-. in lul£ in little bit of acaudal, which appear» to have been entered into with av guato ou all aides that says bat little for the good taste of the collective wisdom of the Colony, the more oapecially aa such a delicate matter had much better hilve buen left to sonne other tribunal to decide. ! IT ¡a satisfactory to find that the Premier (Sir Henry Parkes) is in bia place in the Parlia ment once again, and that Members have gone on with a little bitsiiieas during the past weok. although the unfortunate Milburn Crook Inquiry appears, until disposed of. to put a atop to useful legislation for the time being ; but as the late Minister for Mines (Mr. Baker) appears to hare boen more sinnod against than «inning, it suv-* but little for tho manliness of much of the Proas of thia Colony, to strike aa it were, a man when he ia down, by cumuioiitiug upon and pr*-judg ing the case before thu true fact« of it are fully known, aa too many many of thom appear to have done. In our humble opinion, Mr. linker Ibas acted throughout the affair in a very honorable mauuar ; and why auch an outside matter should be made a pretext to upset the , Government will doubtleaa punie many beside* ' ourselves. Iv ta aatiafactory tn find that the long withed I for rain has como at last, and that many por tiona ot this and the southern Colonies have ; boan favored with pluvial visitations ere it waa j too bite, an that our agriculturists and others eau now take heart in every direction. Looking at the long uUy season experienced, tnuny hud no doubt thopght that the prodictions of thoso who anticípate sad calamities from the occulta tion of the planets about to take place, at thu end of this year, were coining true ; but wu soe little in the present day to warrant the assertion i that aome have the gift of prophecy, or eau foretel what Providniicoiu his wisdom had in store for poor humanity. As may be «expected, those persons who believe in and advocate the Byron Bay cum Lismore and Tenterfield Railway Scheme are in high glee over the success of their efforts, so far, and as the gentleman engaged to make the survey has reported favorably on tbe country he has gone over, as yet, they have fair cause for re joicing; and compared with the cheese paring policy of the Government in times past as regards this district, what a change has come over the spirit of our dreams of late. It is now some two years since Mr. Duncan Currie, of Dunoon, near Lismore, first dimly shadowed forth the scheme to us daring a gossip, and we believe that it was from a letter or suggestion from that gentleman that the present project baa come about. Not knowing the country, and looking at our want of political representation (being tacked on to the Clarence River) at that time, we looked upon the scheine as utopian and useles as projecting a railway to the moon. But as the powers that be now appear to think otherwise, and we are politically represented, we are content to thank the bridge so far as it carries us over ; although, judging by our past experience in railway mat ters, we should bc ratther afraid to hollo before we are fully out of the wood, of doubt and wonderment, that such things should be, and overcoming us like a summer cloud without exciting our especial wonder. It is to be hoped that should the railway scheme bear good fruits, and prove really practical, that together with the Members of the League (who appear very earnest and painstaktng), some kudos will be given, to the gentleman aforesaid, as being the original projector of the movement, to which fact many, besides ourselves, canbear witness. I Aua won the hard modi appears to be inmn j wa.a Hui'.i-co, it is satisfactory to lind Mint thanks i tn the advent ol' the busy working .suasun with our agi'icultui'ui's mid road mid local ountivictora, tlio good prices ruling for luu.il produeu, audi us sugar, timber, maize, «Sc, and added to the I infusion of new blood amongst us-business generally is looking better thau it has done for ?nany months past, while, no doubt, the opening out of uew country, the introduction of fresh capital, and the consequent development of our resources, will work great changes for the better in the good tim«,-' coming. Looking at the changes now takinir place around us, in the inauguration of several much required public works, both government and local, the rapid dorolopment of the sugar sud other industries, j it would appear that " all the clouds that once hovered round our house aro now in the deep bosom of the ocean buried," and that, although business U a little overdone, in suma instances, every resident will have cause to titanic Provi dence for directing his step* to this fine district, while ss our great want (capital), will no doubt, follow on the tide <df population uow setting towards us, the wilderness will be made to blossom as the roso, sud as townships and cities arise, we shall find sermons iu stones, books in the running brooks, and good iu everything. Ix is satisfactory to find that the channel having shifted a little more to the southward, the en trance to this river ia now somewhat better, so that steamers and aailing vesseU eau get in and out without leaving half their cargo behind them. It appears to us pasaiug strange, that looking at the importance of the interesta in volved, so little interest is taken in this matter by residents generally, and that year after year,, matters are left to chance, while to many of our public men go 'for cakes and ale, (tn other acharnes), instead of looking after that which gives them their daily «read. We know that there are those who look upon the casu as hope less, and would take to anything rather than think of improving the mouth of thu river; but we think, taking it for all in ali, thu is nut a bad bar harbour, generally speaking, and could be considerably improved upon at a small ex pense compared with the advantages gained, tba more especially when we look at what bas been done at the mouth of the Hooghly River leading tn Calcutta aud many of the rivera on fbe American coast, sand beiug just aa useful us rook, in many cases, as s protection from the break of the sea. MAmr residents will be sorry to learn that the respected Principal of the Commercial School, in thte township (Mr. W. O. Harman), has been very suddenly called to .England upon urgent family affairs, leaving here on Thursday last, en route thereto. During hi* residence in this district (some 16 years)this gent loman has taken a leading partjiu all publie mattera (which baa been frequently testified to in these columns), while hit kindness to his many pupils, on avery occasion, are too well known to require com ment _ Such energetic gentlemen ss the above can be ill-spared from amongst us, at this junc ture, and we wish Mr. Harman a pleasant voyage, and a happy revnion with his friends, which with we are sure many others besides ourselves, w.ll reciprocate. Wm w»«!d Uk« to m-Bli'm (tab rosa), that our j noa- Printing; Machine ia n-* quite right yat, 11 although are ha re given it all the time we could the getting ont of a little jobbing printing, under difficulties. Of course there are those , amongst us who shake their heada and say that t we have got hold of a white Elephant, and that .' it won't work ; but as Slepliauits are very docile when properly handled, ao we trest our latest venture will prove a success, and that we shall be able to keep pace wi tb the times and the ! rapidly increasing circulation of thia, which we think to be the largest, beat, and cheapest news paper in tho district. Even as wo write, at the witching hour of night, when graveyards yawn, we seo the ghost of the Inventor of the art of Printing (Outtenburg). with a beuign smile on his face, hovering around mir last weakness, «.Iii!« on the revolving cylinder shines out in bright, «rolden letters, the word " Bx el-rior." 