Entertainments. We beg to remind our readers of the musical treat in store for those who may go to the Temperance Hall to-night. " Bart's Joy" is a temperance story with songs, illustrating in a pleasing but forcible way the evils of indulging in intoxicating drinks. The fife band in connection with the Petrie-terrace Band of Hope will also be in attendance. We trust the temperance council will have a good round sum to hand over to that deserving charity, the Children's Hospital. PROFESSOR Pi pper delivered his second lecture last night in the New Minories Hall, Queen street, which is a very comfortable and suitable place for the purpose. The professor explained the great wonders of science, and by means of many beautiful experiments he demonstrated the truth of the principles of which he speaks. The lecture last night embraced a wide range of subjects in connection with light and colour, and in the course of his remarks the professor spoke of and illustrated the polarisation of light, and showed the beautiful effects of multiple reflections, as well as some fine colour changes. The second part of the lecture was devoted to the dioramic exhibition, together with explanatory remarks, of all the various flying machines of ancient and modern times. Coming down to very recent days, the professor gave an interesting account of voyages in cloud land, and showed by means of his powerful apparatus how grand are the scenes beheld by the intrepid voyagers of the air. To-night the subject is " Light and Optics," and the splendid diorama of " A walk through London." The benefit of Mr. Grattan Riggs took place at the Theatre Royal last night. The opening play of Temptation," a comedy by John Brougham, was successfully performed. The character of O'Bryan was allotted to Mr. Riggs, Sterling to Mr. Martin, Tom Bobolink to Mr. Boothman, and Henry Travers to Mr. Medus, whilst the female characters were undertaken by Misses Wilton, Grey, and St. Clair. The play is an interesting one, and evidently pleased the audience. The comedietta of O'Toole's Castle" can scarcely be described. It contains a number of ludicrous situations that keep the spectators in a state of merriment, the most ridiculous of which are the supper table and the ghost scene. The same programme will be repeated this evening. Hudson's Surprise Party gave a capital entertainment last night at the Town Hall, the singing and dancing, the jokes and the fun carried a on by Hudson and Holly being very amusing. The instrumental perfornyd-n¿ea- of the Misses De whereas reaching as ever. To-night the benefit \- - ISs Ada Maven will take place, and an excellent programme will be presented. The bene- Scare is deserving of a bumper house. Mr. Wybert Reeve and the principal members of his comedy company, which has been so very successful in the southern Colonies, arrived op 7" iTS yesterday. and commence a short with Away next. Monday evening, opening Royal Woman-m White," at the Theatre pi 1?'mp-kûw, at 2.30 p.m, sharp, the Excelsiors pp -Y All Ipswich at football in the Queen's The report of the state of the asylums here undermentioned for week ending 21st August, is as follows 3-in Woogaroo at last report, 987 males, 228 females ; since admitted, 4 males, 3 female ; remaining, 291 males, 229 females. In Ipswich Asylum, 50 males ; total, 570. V i Girl " say you 'are aPoofc Poor Tchon Maclean ? He was down with a concussion of a plain." Archie: "Poor fellah. Was it a catching complaint, Tugal, ant was Tchon better regulated on an arm against such contagious peases." Dugald: "It was a born fool you was to sever such a silly spies. it was knocked on the head he was, and not on the arm. Chwhat entrance to think that a man's grains wass in his 