\\-E\V SOUTH WALKS. ?x»'n-» Pftitrmbn 18. -?A ' roir.p'.iB'.*Ti'.»ry jiftn w»» tendered to 'sptt'ra Otif !o», MI.C »-.-1 Mm. Ootlow, at !*srjMl»o«n.! en S»-'r -.1.M a roark of the itf«is iu w5:kb tiny m UtlJ by the reaidenta ot the district. About 300 persons were present, including several members of Parliament. The weather to-day U very warm aci dusty, quite summer-like. The QueenS Theatre was well attended on Saturday night, when Charles Keia'* version of ' Lonis XL' was performed, in which the character of the French monarch was repre sented by Mr. J. Dewharst. D'Aiey Bead opened the Victoria Hall, Oastlere.jjh-street, with a ghost entertainment Offenbach's comic opera ** Madame. Favart1* was prodaoed at the Bojal to a good boose by Muigrove's Open Company. The music is lively and sparkling, and the opera went welL Mm Pattie Eaverne as Mtdame Favart appeared to mor advantage than in any previoas opera played by the company in Sydney. Mr. Fred Mervin also bad a good rec About 2.CO0 persoai were pretest at the Garden Palace oa Saturday afternoon, when Sir Michael Oosta's 'oratorio 'Eli' was effectively rendered by the Sydney Vaaical Union. The principal parts were sus tained by Miss Annis Montague, Miss St. Clair, Messrs. Charles Turner, John Boshelle, and 0. J. Eoldiogdale. Monsieur Badolphe, the French billiard player, opened a series of billiard exhibitions on Saturday evening, at the Boy al Exchange Hotel, in the presence of a considerable number of spectators. There ia a speculative enquiry for tobacco, bat bolder* refuse to sell, except at an advance. Galvanized iron, Stork brand, ia offered at £22. Breadstuffs are unchanged. Arrived, September 17— City of AJalaide, Bella, barque, from Lytteltoo; Edith Miy, echooner, from Bluff Htrbour; Menmuir, from Fooehow. September 18— B. J. Vide?, from the Sooth Seat. Departures, September 17— City of Adelaide, Chicklay, Honolulu; Oosuri, for Melbourne; Malcolm, for Hobart. September IS— Ohiltoa, for Hocgkorjg; Tumac, for Hobart. Wilcannia, September 17. The open- air meeting held this afternoon to urge upon the Government to include an ex tension of the railway to Wilcannia in their policy was a complete failure. Only about thirty penccs attended, not a single representa tive from any leading firm being present. Mr. Coe, the late complainant in the Police Court against the Eev. ?m. Webster, addressed the meeting, which, not caring to listen to him, was adjourned si?ie die. Only twenty points of rain hive fallen at the diggings, but the Weather is threatening. 