THE NORTHERN STAR Lismore, August 20, 1881. Local and General News. THE BAR.--Our Ballina correspondent writes on the 15th August, upon the vital question,-- "I suppose there never yet was an honest opinion given but its meaning was, by some one or other, sure to be contorted. Doctors say that in this hot climate most men's livers are, more or less, affected. Perhaps this has some- thing to do with the ill- natured remarks contained in a letter published in your last issue, and signed "Ebb and Flood Tide." The gentleman rejoicing in this rather damp cognomen, commenting on what I had written the week previous anent the "bar" question says, he fails to see any advantage or improve- ment to be made to the entrance of the river by blocking up North Creek, except it is possible to get the twenty thousand from the Government and let it be spent in Ballina. Not being a storekeeper or publican I cannot expatiate on the feelings, joyous or otherwise, which might animate the bosoms of those gentlemen at such a prospect; though why Government should withhold spending money at Ballina more than anywhere else, simply because it might benefit her business men, I fail to understand. Is this a reason why the river entrance should not be improved? He then strikes out quite a new and novel plan for improving the bar by the removal of some rocks on which there is, at present, a tripod erected. No doubt the removal of these rocks would be an advantage, but not in the way he means. This gentleman, having enjoyed such a lengthened residence at the Richmond Heads, will not require to be told of the river entrance having been before this close to the North Head; nor that when such has been the case, the invariable accompaniment has been a "crossing" in the river, seaward of which vessels have had for lengthened periods at a stretch, to take in their cargoes. It should also be in his remembrance that two years ago, or thereabouts, the channel was to the north- ward of said rocks, yet it stayed there but a short time. At the present moment the junction of North Creek tide with that of the river lies about southeast from Burying Ground Point, and there is actually a shallow sand bank between North Creek channel and all rocks at or near the Pilot Station. This alone would convince any reasonable person of the utter impossibility of "Ebb and Flood's" scheme. Further, I would state that for a number of years these same rocks were never within a hundred yards of the channel; yet, we are told, if they be removed the channel will not only go there, but to the northward of them. Did any one ever read such an absurd statement? The writer goes on to say he will leave it to any one acquainted with the bar, bar Mr. Fenwick, to verify his statement. What has Mr. Fenwick done to "Ebb and Flood Tide" that his name should thus offensively be dragged before the public? I in my innocence would have ima- gined Mr. Fenwick the first to hail with satisfaction a sufficient depth of water in the channel, it being quite patent the oftener a vessel crosses inward and outward the better it must prove for his pocket; for no matter how good the entrance, sailing vessels will always take a tug when there is one to be had. Did "Ebb and Flood" ever hear the wise old saying, quoted, if my remembrance be correct, by a contributor to the 'Star' some weeks back? It is this: "Prejudice squints when it looks, and lies when it speaks." Yes, Sir; once let preju- dice lay hold of a man then good-bye to common sense. But there is one fact which the removal of all the rocks and the pilot's point to boot could not alter, and which hopelessly nullifies "Ebb and Flood Tide's" theory, viz., the difference in time of ebb and flow of the respect- ive currents, that of North Creek being at least an hour in advance of the main river; this of itself would be to the detriment of any river entrance. I have been a resident of Ballina for a number of years, yet of all the schemes broached by one and another for improving the bar I never before heard any person, seafaring or others, give vent to this one; but since the publication of "Ebb and Flood Tide's" lucubra- tions, I have heard a good number laugh at it. I am afraid there is a vacuum somewhere, in "Ebb and Flood's" cranium which it would require a spring tide to fill. [We do not think that our correspondent Ebb Tide, intended to cast any reflection upon the good seamanship of Captain Fenwick, which is too well known to require comment, but rather, that when the Bar was bad the better he liked it, for the exercise of his abilities; and all we wish is, by evoking discussion, to see if something can not be really done to improve the state of the Bar, upon which the well-doing of this district so much depends. We are also extremely obliged to our Ballina correspondent for his letters, and also, for the interest he takes in the matter,--an example which may be well followed by many others in the district. Ed. 'Star'.] ALSTONVILLE.— Our correspondent writes on the 12th August :-It is some, time since, you have been favorod with a line from Alstonville that I suppose the public are beginning to think we are not in existence, but the truth is we have been living here of late as quiet as retired gentlemen; for every one has had his own work laid out, for him so economically well that nothing has in any way interrupted to retard progress, until last week when an old and respected resident here met with an accident, which it is my painful duty to tell has proved fatal. I saw in a former issue mention was made of the late Mr. James Towner who has met with an untimely death through the falling of a tree. From information received, the deceased was felling two or three trees, which were lodged in each other, when by some means they separated and fell in different directions, and while trying to make his escape outside their reach, which required remarkable agility, the deceased was caught between the heads of two which fell with their tops together. Being thus in the midst completely buried up from view, a good deal had to be cut before he could be extricated, and when released was found to have sustained several severe fractures, and was fearfully smashed. From the time, he was found, or rather released, he never rallied, for as far as I can understand he was never conscious, so that I consider he must have as it were been killed upon the spot. Very great sympathy is felt here by every one for the bereaved family, which was evinced on the day when all that was mortal of James Towner, was taken to his last resting place. The writer who had always held him in the highest esteem, and one who has known the deceased for nearly forty years, can with truth assert as to the uprightness and integrity of the late James Towner. He was always foremost in every thing which had for its end the spiritual well being of every one about him. I cannot let this opportunity pass without mentioning his untired exertions, more especially among the young children in the Sabbath School at Alstonville whose faces used to brighten up at the very sight of him. For several years here he has taught the young, and by his upright example as well as precept they have learned many things which I have no doubt they will retain to their dying day. The church to which our deceased friend belonged could ill spare him, but the loss the church and school has sustained is doubtless to him gain. For we judge a man by his life as a tree by its fruit. However, he has gone and there is a lesson to us all in it : Prepare to meet thy God. Another great man has fallen of late, the Chief Magistrate of Kiama, Mr. John Black. He too was stricken down engaged in a good cause, he was teaching in the Sabbath School at Kiama about a fortnight ago when he was taken with a fit of apoplexy, from which he never recovered. I saw the deceased gentleman but a short time before the accident which has proved fatal, but like our deceased friend Mr. Towner, he was prepared for the change; death to him was gain I have no doubt. Sympathizing as we all do with the bereaved ones, we commend them to that God who is a father to the fatherless and husband to the widow. I see our Mills are beginning to start afresh. Mr. D. Navin has commenced, and Mr. Bryant starts this week. They all seem very sanguine as to the result. Mr. Bryant has a lot of splendid cane to crush this year. Farms here are exchanging hands nearly every week, they seem to think that cane will certainly pay, a great deal is being planted this year. We wish them all success it must be success to the Richmond River. SCHOOLS.— It is notified that the tender Mr. J. Bannatyne has been accepted for fixing ventilators at the Public School, Lismore. TENDERS.— Closing on the 6th September next, are invited for the erection of a shed, and the construction and erection of a Steam Crane, for the Public Wharf, at Lismore. Plans can be seen at the Court House, Lismore. LAND SALE.— It is notified that a sale of Crown Lands will be held at the Land Office, Lismore, on Wednesday, the 21st day of September next, when 6 Country Lots, in the county of Rous, parishes of Dunoon, Blakebrook, Broadwater and Tuckombil, ranging from 40 to 66 acres, being the lapsed Conditional Purchases of William Boody and John McEachran, will be offered at the upset price of £1 5s an acre. NEW JUDGE.— It is notified that William Charles Windeyer, Esq., Barrister-at- law, has been appointed to be a Judge of the Supreme Court of the Colony of New South Wales. OURSELVES.— As we have gone to much ex- pense lately in the purchase of New Machinery, &c.;, for the purpose of improving the general get-up of this journal, while the cash comes in very slowly, we trust that those of our friends who are so much in arrears will kindly endeavour to reduce their indebtedness and so save us much trouble and anxiety; while to those who do square up, we propose issuing a very hand- some Colored Supplement at the end of the Quarter, and also, an Almanac at the close of the year, so our friends, by thus participating in the small profits made, have every inducement to assist us. TRAVELLERS' HOTEL RACES.— We have be requested to notify that the above Races have been postponed owing to Mr. G. J. Leeson having to be away from home for the time being. COCKSFOOT.— We notice that Mr. Lubliner has a nice sample of the above valuable grass now on hand, to which we direct the attention of our agricultural friends. LISMORE POLICE COURT.— At a sittings on the 17th instant, before the Police Magistrate, James Stocks, S. Garrard, R. E. de B. Lopez, and John Harrison, Esqrs., J.'s.P., Neil McColl appeared before the Court on summons issued at the instance of James Alexander for detaining a chestnut filly, unbranded, and coat and vest of the value of £6 10s. After hearing evidence of the complaintant, and defendant and his wife, the defendant was ordered to deliver the horse to complainant on payment of £2 14s Mr. Simmons for complainant; Mr. Allingham for defendant. Police v. W. T. Hart— Allowing two goats to stray in Zadoc-street, Lismore. The defendant did not appear, and service of summons was proved by constable Flynn, the Bench find defendant £2 and costs 4s 10d.; default, distress. LISMORE SMALL DEBTS COURT.— At a sitting on the 17 instant, before the Police Magistrate and B. E. de B. Lopez, Esq., J.P., the follow ing cases were heard,-- Patrick Quinn v. Chas. Bryant-Claim of £10 damages. Verdict for plaintiff L2 and costs. Mr. Allingham for plaintiff ; Mr. Simmons for defendant. John Bridge v. C. Thomas-Claim of L4 14s 11d for goods sold and freight &c.; Plaintiff non-suited. Same v. Frederick Davis-Claim of L1 9s 4d balance of account for goods sold. Verdict for defendant. James Geraghty v. Charles Bryant and Edward Dean-Claim of L5 4s for hauling timber across plaintiffs land. Non-suited. Mr. Simmons for plaintiff; Mr. Allingham for defendants. A slaughtering license was granted to John McInnes, of Wyrallah. LOCAL OPTION.— A meeting to discuss the merits of the new Licensing Bill was held at the Temperance Hall, on Friday evening last. There was but a small attendance, and Alder- man Barrie having taken the Chair, and stated the objects of the meeting, called upon the Secretary (Mr. V. J. Norris), to read the Petition to be presented to Parliament, sug- gesting certain amendments in the Bill now before the House, which, after a discussion, in which the Rev. E. Dunstan, Messrs. L. G. Snow, A. Wotherspoon, J. Baillie and others took part, was adopted by the meeting. After resolutions being carried, that the Peti- tion be forwarded to Mr. Fawcett, for present- ation, and that all public- houses be closed at certain hours, were adopted, the meeting closed. Being our busy night, we were unable to be present, while a copy of the Petition has not been forwarded to us for publication. INSOLVENCY.— In the insolvent estate of Charles Cooper, of Pimlico, Richmond River, blacksmith, a first and only meeting will be held at the Court-house, Lismore, on Wednes- day, 7th September, for proof of debts. CROWN LAND SALE.— At a sale of Crown Lands comprising 1 country lot in the parish of Blakebrook, 23 Suburban lots in the county of Richmond, parish of Riley, village of Wood- burn, 6 suburban lots, in the county of Rous, parish of Bingal, town of Wardell, 22 town lots in the county of Richmond, parish of Riley, village of Woodburn, and 2 town lots in the county of Rous, parish of Bingal, town of Wardell, the following satisfactory prices were realised:—Lot A, county of Rous, parish of Blakebrook, 23 acres, 2 roods, S. Garrard, L1 5s an acre ; Lot B, county of Richmond, par- ish of Riley, 3r. 36p.; F. G. Crouch, L8 per acre; C. Riley, 3r. 10p., M. Solling, L8; D. Riley, 2r. 24p., D. Gillian, L8 ; E. Riley, 1r. 38p., H. Dawson, L8; F, 2r. Riley, M. McIntyre Campbell, L8; G. Riley, 3r. 24p., T. C. Lodge, L8; H. Riley, 1a..0r. 6p., T. C. Lodge, L8; I. Riley, 1a. 0r. 10p., T. C. Lodge, LS; J. Riley, 1a. 0r. J0p., T. C. Lodge, L8 ; K. Riley, 2r. 19p., T. O. Lodge, LS ; L. Riley, 1a. 0r. 8p., Wm. Miller, L8 ; M. Riley, 1a. 1r. 12p., Wm, Miller, L8 ; N, Riley, 1a. 2r., Wm. Miller, L8 ; O. Riley, Sr., E. Murray, L8 ; P. Riley, 2a., J. A. Lang, L8 ; Q, Riley, 2a., E. Carter, L8 ; R, Riley, 2a., F. G. Crouch, L8 ; S, Riley, 3r., J. and A. Lang, L8 ; T. Riley, 1a. J. and A. Lang, L8 ; U. Kiley, 2a., 3r. 33p. J. and A. Lang, L8 ; V, Riley, 2a. 3r. 33p.; H. H. Dawson, L8 ; W. Riley, 2a. 0r.; 13p., D. Gollan, L8 ; X, Riley, 1a. 3r. 34p., D. Gollan, L8 ; Y, Rous, Bingal, 2a. 2r. 16p, H. Tyler, L3 ; Z, Bingal, 2a. 2r. 10p., H. Dawson, L8 ; AA, Bingal, 1a. 0r. 6p., E. Carter, L4 ; BB, Bingal, 1a. 0r. 8p., E. Carter, L4 ; CC, Bingal, 1a. 0r. 8p., R. Fenwick, L8 ; DD, Bingal, 1a. 0r. 8p., L, Bernstein, L4 ; EE, Riloy, 2r H. E. Brown, L10 ; FF, Riley, 2r., E. H. Tyler, L10. GG, Riley. 2r., W. Tyler, L8 ; HH. Riley. 2r"., H. Tyler: L8 ; II, 2r., RiIey, G. A. Murray, L16 ; JJ, Riley, 2r; J. and A. Lang, L10 ; KK, Riley, 2r., J. and A Lang, L10 ; LL., 2r, E. T. Exton, L10 ; MM, Riley, 2r, H. Dawson, L10 ; NN, Riley, 2r., H. Dawson, L10 ; OO. Riley, 2r., E. Carter, L10 . PP, Riley, 2r., R. Tyler, L10 ; QQ,. Riley, 2r., L. Brown, L10 ; RR, Riley, 2r., F. G. Crouch, L10 ; SS, Riley, 2r., J. O'Connor, L10 ; TT, Riley, 1r. 29p., E. Bradley, L8 12s 6d ; UU, Riley, 2r., D, Gollan, L10 ; VV, Riley, 2r., H. Dawson, L10 ; WW, Riley, Sr., H. Dawson, L10 ; XX, Riley 2r., J. and A. Lang, L10 ; YY, Riley, 2r., J. and A. Lang, L10 ; ZZ, Riley, 1r. 29p., J. and A. Lang, L8 12s 6d ; AB, Bingal 3r. 32p.. E. S. Exton, L7 12 ; AC, Bingal; 1r. 38p., D. McIntyre, L3 18s. NTotal amount realized L485. MAGIC L ANTERN.— It is notified that the large Magic Lantern belonging to the Technical College of the Sydney Mechanics' School of Arts, having been lent to Mr. A. Kethel, one of the Vice-presidents, it will be exhibited at the Temperance Hall, Lismore, on Saturday even- ing next (the 27th instant), so that a grand intellectual treat may be expected by all who may have the good fortune to be present. C.R.R. JOCKEY CLUB.— It is notified that the adjourned meeting of the aboye will be held at 7 p m. on next (Friday) evening at Dean's Hotel, the business being, to receive the Re- port of the Committee as to the Racecourse. THE WEATHER.— Spring, gentle Spring, is at our doors, but the clouds come and go, and leave us no moisture. We hear that rain fell at the Big Scrub, this week, and also, to the south- ward, so that we may live in hopes of getting our usual pluvial visitation. Meantime, all out-door work is progressing well, and cane cutting and crushing is proceeding bravely. MR. C. B. STREET.— It will be noticed in our advertising columns, that this gentleman has just commenced business, at Woodburn, as a Chemist and Druggist. During his residence in Murrurundi, Mr. Street appears to have taken a very active part in public affairs, and was highly respected, and we notice from the local newspapers that besides a presentation, many of the leading residentents of that flourishing town- ship assembled to wish him every success on his departure, so that combined with his profes- sional qualifications, Mr. Street will be a great acquisition to this district, in the future of which he must.have great faith judging by the good business connection Mr. Street has just relinquished at Murrurundi. We wish him every success, aud believe that he will be well supported. WESLEYAN CHURCH.—We have been re- quested to call attention to the alteration in the services of the above Church on Sunday next, the morning and afternoon services being at Alstonville, and Goonelabah, instead of Wyrallah and Gundurimba, as previously ad- vertised the evening service be held at Lismore, as usual. REV. C. R. CURRY.—It will be seen from our Religious Memorandum, that the above gentleman (who is now on a visit to this dis- trict, from Melbourne), purposes holding ser- vices at the Assembly Rooms, Woodburn, on Sunday morning and evening next. SIRES OF THE SEASON.— It will be seen that Mr. Henry Priddle, of Woodburn, is the first in the field, this season, with the heavy Draught Stallion Young Bismark, which will be located at Woodburn, and also travel through' Coraki, Wyrallah. Woodburn, Broadwater, and other parts of the river required. NEW SEEDS.—It will be seen by advertise- ment, that Mr. H. A. Volchers, the well known Grafton Seedsman, is now offering some very valuable seeds for the present seasons sowing, the price of the whole seven packets being only 3s 6d. PARENT, WYRALLAH.— If as you say, the evils complained of have been abated, we do not think the publication of the letter just to hand would answer any good purpose, the more esp- ecially as said letter is rather personal. Better forget and forgive. PROFESSOR PEPPER.— We notice that this world renowned gentleman, from the Royal Polytechnic Institution, London, is now lectur- ing in Stanthrope, and we wish that he could be induced to visit these districts. His pro- gramme comprises, experiments in heat ; ex- periments in light ; experiments in electricity ; experiments in magnetism ; experiments in vibratory motion, &c; the atrometroscope ; the marvellous color changers; the famous Ghost illusion: aerial voyagers ; the gorgeous, beau- ties of cloudland ; Afghanistan and its war, &c.; the dancing skeleton; the crawling demons, &c.; CONDITIONAL PURCHASES.— It is notified that the following have been, declared forfeited, Luke Cormiskey, Richmond River, 40 acres ; John Aldwell, Richmond River, now Lismore, 80a. ; Archibald Cameroon, Richmond River, 100a ; Robert Munsie (transferred to James N. Munsie), Lismore, 45a ; James N. Munsie, Lismore, 40 J. ; Edward Biram, Richmond River, 100a. EVAN'S REEF.— Captain Alley, of the steam- ship. Lismore, informs, us that thereis now some splendid fishing to be obtained at the above, place, schnapper, groper, and other fish, some of them weighing over 50lbs, being in abun- dance. Perhaps some of ourBallina friends will get up a fishing party, and let us know in time, so that we way cast our lines in pleasant places. THE RICHMOND RIVER.—We notice that a gentleman lately on a visit here, is writing some readable sketches ot this district, in the Town and Country Journal ; and like most of our visitors, speaks highly of the fertility of our soils, and also, of the difficulties experienced in many parts of the district from the want of good roads ; but, no doubt, owing to the attention that is now being attracted to, and the rapid settlement now taking place around us, these evils will be doubtless remedied in the good time coming. We purpose, taking extracts from those sketches as opportunity offers. WHARF.— lt is notified that application has been made by George Wood, to reclaim certain land in the County of Rous, town of West Ballina, Richmond River, any objections to be lodged within one mouth from date. ENTERTAINMENT.—The performance given by the Members of the Lismore Minstrel and Histrionic Society on behalf of the Funds of the Lismore Cottage Hospital, at the Protestant Hall, on Monday evening last, was very largely and fashionably attended, many being prosent from Balliua and other parts of the district, and proved to be a great success. After a very enjoyable Overture, the curtain rose to the laughable comedy of Don Paddy de Bazan, the characters being as follows :- Don Paddy, J. Osborn ; Lord Mayor of Dublin, P. Richardson ; Sir Charles Cauliflower, G. F. Laman ; Captain of the Guard, A. H. Leu ; Claretta, Miss Leu ; First Soldier, G. Litchfield ; Second soldier; S. Cottee; Gipsies, &c.; The whole af the characters in this were very well sustained, Mr. Osborn, as . usual, being to the fore with his really clever impersonations of Dow Paddy, while Miss Leu.showed much, improvement upon her previous efforts as an actress. Then followed a musical interlude in which Mrs. Osborn, Miss A. Litchfield, and Messrs. Osborn, Fulton, Litchfield, and others took part, the duet "Larboard Watch," being very well rendered. The performance concluded with the well-known farce known as "Slim Jim," which was interlined, in the bills as the "Hop of Fashion, or Bon Tom Soiree," the cast being as follows :- Captain Slim, G. Litchfield ; Claude Melnot, E. Hart ; Mose, G Litchfield ; Authony (Captain Slim's servant), C. E. Taylor ; Citizen, E. Wren; Lady Macbeth, Amateur ; Pauline, L. Glasgow; Pops (a stage-struck youth), Amateur; Irishman, J. Osborn; Richard the Third, W. Reed ; Macbeth; J. Coleman ; Lize (one of the Sykesy crowd), Amateur. The characters in this were well sustained, the most prominent being that of Anthony, by Mr. C. E. Taylor, whose by-play kept the audience in roars of laughter from beginning'to end. The dresses and appoint- ments ot the arious characters throughout were very good, and it seems a pity that a talented company like the above had not better stage accommodation The musical selection under the direction of Mr. W. Webster (violin), and Miss Litchfield (pianoforte), throughout the evening were very charming, and the whole performance, added another leaf to the laurels won by this promising Society, whose efforts for the furtherance of a good cause were so well responded to by the amusement loving public of Lismore and other parts of the district, the demands upon whose parses have been of late in this direction pretty frequent. We believe the total sum realised was £20. ANOTHER ACCIDENT.—We hear that another accident from a falling tree, happened. this week to a youth named Christopher Hethering- ton residing at Bexhill, by which the skin was stripped on his left leg, from the thigh to the ankle. He was brought into town on Thursday and under medical treatment, is doing as well as can be expected. MR. P. F. RICHARDSON.—This gentleman left Lismore, for Sydney, this week, at which latter place we believe he purposes entering into purtnersliip with Mr. T. Garratt, M. P., in the Land and General agency business. Mr. Richardson has made himself very popular during his residence here, and his knowledge of this fine district will no doubt prove of service both to himself and clients in the good time coming. LISMORE LAND OFFICE.- The above has this week, been removed, to the new buildings just completed by Mr. R. McKenxie, next the Bank of New South Wales, in Molesworth Street. Mr. A. J. Benset (who brings with him high credentials as to general business capa- bilities), having how taken charge of the office. CONDITIONAL PURCHASES - The following were taken up at the Lismore Land Office on Thursday, 18th Instant,- Henry Goring Napier; 50 acres, county of Rous, parish of Meers- chaum ; Charles Cavanagh, 50a., Rous, Lis- more; John McLeod 50a., Rous, Tuckombil ; Charles Mulhearn, 320a,Rous ,Meerschaum; Lawrence Jamieson, 40a. Rous, Tuckombil Alexander Prentice, 200a , Rous Clunes William Barnes, 120a. Rous, Dunoon George Eyles, 50a. Rous; Teven Robert Walker Stokes, 40a, Rous, Tuckombil John Cave, 40a., Rous, Lismore Wilson James, 60a., Rous Teven ; John Snowdon, 40a., Rous, Dunoon. Robert Nicholson 200a. Rous Clunes. Total, 1260 acres. SACRED CONCERT.- It will be seen by ad- vertisement that a Sacred Concert, on behalf of the Presbyterian Church Building Fund will be given in this township on an early date. TET ANOTHER.- We hera that a number of gentlemen in this township purpose giving a Dramatic .Performance, in aid of the Lismore School of Arts, on an early date, the Pieces to be performed being the Lady of Lyons, the Trial Scene from Pickwick, Shakesperian, Reci- tations; and as several of those who purpose holding the mirror up to nature have been well spoken of in other places, an entertainment of a high order may be expected, while the elevation of the public tastes in this direction cannot but be beneficial. THE LATE HON. G. OAKES.- The 'Echo' says,- Another gap in the ranks of the Upper House- the third or forth within a very few months. A week or ten days ago Mr. Oakes made a speech in the Council -the only one he has made during the past two sessions in sup- port of the proposed steam tramway to be con- structed by Mr. Jeanneret in Parramatta, and, strange to say, he met his death by an accident in connection with a tramway of the very class he had advocated. Mr. Oakes was a regular attendant at the Council, and his name fre- quently appears in the division lists. He re- frained from speaking, not became he could not speak, but because when he thought a sub- ject was sufficiently ventilated he did not see why he should waste time or weary his fellow members by uselesaly adding to the length of the debates. What a blessing it would be if the Melvilles, Kidds, O'Connors, McElhones, and Jacobs of the Assembly could be brought to the same frame of mind! In the days gone by, when Mr. Oakes was a member of the Assem- bly, he had a happy knack of frequently casting oil upon the troubled waters of debates. When late at night the discussion took an unpleasant turn and tired members, sitting in a heated atmosphere, were prepared to say the hardest things of each other. Mr. Oakes would quietly rise in his place, and by a few light pleasantries, introduced in a happily spoken speech, put the whole House in a good humour. We can ill spare such good-hearted, good-tempered men. 