;;^Ti¿T LOVE. ' BY TS. LYNN LINTON, ?'.'AUTHOR OF " PATRICIA KEMBALL," " IHK ATONE- MENT, OF LEAM DUNDAS," "UNDER WHICH LORD?" <fcc, &c;, &c.; CHAPTEll II.-THE LITTLE HUTT. . Tho first thing that would strike any one ad v' mitted into tlmBranscouibo housohold was its air of exquisite roiiuonient and pootic sorenity ; tho next would bo tho consciousness of somo want Bomowhoro-a very vague and indefinite kind of consciousness, and a want not to bo found like oobwoba for tho looking,, but there all tho samo ;-something in tho atmosphere that would jar on tho moro sensitive ; and yet tho most observant could not say what it was nor vrhero it lay. Cyril, too young and Btrong and far too much in love to bo oithor sousitive or observant outsido that love, had never troublod hiuiBolf about things which ho could noitbor touch nor demonstrate ; and vague consciousness was a state of mina by no moans natural to him. Ho saw nil things with healthy positiveness, or ho did not seo thom at all; and ho had as littlo to do with shadowy suspicions as with ghosts. To his way of thinking Mr. Brans combo was all that an English irontletnan of moro mind than muscio, and of pootic fooling iu excess of practicality, ought to be ; and Mrs. Branscombo was tho very ideal of a perfect wife, mother and gentlewoman. Tho two together were supremo; and what Stolla was to him we know. That vaguo sonso of want, that fino throad of something not ; quito loal, that faint echo of hollowness beneath tho golden sands which were discovered by others were non-existing for him ; and ho accopted tho appearance of things with boyish good faith, wish- ing neithor to lift up transforming veils nor to scratch off polishod surfaces. And indeed by tho look of things, what a per- fect household it was ; and how invidious as well as necdlons it was to imagino flaws where none were visible, and that tho circle was not true when no ono could find thc exact point where the lino ran flat ! Moreover, with whom did the fault lio ? -if indeed -fault thero woro at all, which Cyril would havo passionately denied had ho boen ques- tioned. Most certainly not with Mrs. Branscombo, all but porfoct as she was. "With Stölln ? Ask if the moon gives darkness instead of light, if tho. sun broeds fog and miasmatic vapours ! No, certainly not with Stolla ; and if not with theao two, thon undoubtedly not with Mr. Brans- combo. Tho kind of mau of whom tho women of his family aro at once so proud and so much afraid; to whom they givo up their lives and think them- selves happy as well as honourod in the sacrifico ; whoso will is a Divine command and whoso opinions on all matters carry with thom the authority of righteousness and tho weight of perfected know- ledge; to Boryo whom is to carry incense to the altar, and to fail whom is to be guilty of irreligion; -Mr. Branscombo was tho high priest of his housohold-a kind of domestic Apollo, represent- ing tho last word of refinement,and tho supremo result of culturo. Ho was ominontly a Superior Person who had to bo potted and taken caro of ; flattered, caressed, givon way to and surrounded by tho adulation of loyo at onco subinisßivo ana protecting. Ho was novor to bo crossed in his moods, nor interrupted, nor told unpleasant news, nor consulted in cases of difficulty, nor niade'f roo of any form of truth which would bo likely to jar ou a naturo so finely organisod and so full of ex- quisite susceptibilities as his. tío was to bo obeyed at a hint ; his desires wero to bo divined and fulfilled without tho troublo of interpretation ; and his comfort was to be attended to without hitch or worry. And then he was to bo allowed to think that ho drove the whole team and was eminently master in his own houao. And when, as ho often did, ho complained of tho distressing amount that ho had to do, and the weight of re- sponsibility laid on hie ahouldera, his wife did not laugh nor did his daughter remonstrate in favour of tho mother, who pulled tho labouring oar while he flourished tho flag-tho ono aecoi>ting for love and deliberate dooision what tho othor re- ceived in faith. Mr. Branscombo was still au exceedingly haud . . some man, aa he had ever boon. Whan he was in tho Guards, and boforo ho married, ho was known as.Handsomo Fred Branscombo by his friends, if Finery Frod by his enemies ; and tho conscious airs and littlo affectations of a beauty-man still clung to him. He spent a good deal of his timo in devising becoming studio drosses for himself, chiofly of velvet, with ajipro.priato collars, bands and " biretta ;" his still luxuriant locks were mar- vellously black and his elegant moustache and beard-cut Vandyke fashion- had dolled the silver fingers of time with aa much extraordinary per- tinacity as had his ourling raven tresses. His hands woro long, pootic, white and woll preserved ; and his rather rodont-liko teeth, as woll aa his waist and foot, woro marvels of caro and gob up. Besides bia beauty whioh ho still chOriBhed; his .toiíotto to which ho sacrificed; bia reputation as . a lady-killer which ho never forgot, ho waa, as ho had always bûen, a kind of dandy in art-play- ing a littlo OH tho piano and on tho Auto, painting a littlo in oilü, writing pootry in ladies' albums ' and for drawing-room entertainments,, and tho like. Rather late in lifo-namely at forty years . of ago-ho had marriod swoet- faoed Matilda Jorninghaui-»*' that .good Matilda," as ho usod to call her, with a oortain lofty compassion for her intellectual inferiority, which meant acknow- ledgment of his own superiority aa well aa of his magnanimity in overlooking her deficiencies for the aalco of hoi* excellencies. And aoon aftor bis niarriago bo loft tho army, and took up his j abodo at lioso Hill, laoar Highwood. Hero ho turned to Art, as bo called his play, and founded his title to distinction on his dandyism of pursuit aa woll as of poraon. Ho undortook so many thiuga, aa if ho had boon tho Admirable Crichton himself. ?Without moro than tho morent smattering of musical knowledge, ignorant of tho funk principios of thorough basa and tho law of harmony, ho com* posed rondos and sonata», motifa and nocturnaa »nd of Jato hq had boguu an opera, eooro and lib robfco. bofch, which he called his magnum opus. Ho did hot know an Alexandrian from an hexam- eter, nor an anapoot from a trochee, but ho dashed off Odes and sonatas by the dozen ; and lately he had plungodinto an cpr; with an airy grace which poets of long practice in tho art of rhyme and rhythm might have envied. And though ho could not draw a round thing to look solid, nor an up- right thing in stable equilibrium, lie painted pic- tures of all genres, and attacked a portrait as confidently as a landscape, a cattle piece, tho horoio imaginativeness of hiph art or the accurate delin- eations of skill lifo. His pictures ware magnifi- cently framed, and hung in the various dwelling rooms according to what ho called tho harmony of associated ideas. They made professional artists turn hot and cold by turna vrhou invited to discuss thom on their merita, whilo cron tho technically ignorant, who had eyos and no knowledgo, laughed in thoir sleeves at tho anatomy of tho living things and tho drawing of the inani- mate. All tho samo his wife praised and encouraged him; and no ono know wholhor sho believed in him sincerely or only flattered him because of thc awoet policy of love. And naturally Stella fol- lowed her rnothor's load. Born and educated in tho worship of her father MS a Superior Being, Bho wont on worshipping him, believing in him now just as sho used when a child, and holding him as sho had been taught to hold him, ns the ono supremo man of all creation, tho nc plus ultra of English gentlehood and cultured civilisation. Ho was to hor tho impersonation of Mathew Arnold's "aweotuoss and light;" and when BIIO thought of tho illustrious doad each seemed to her in some sort a phaao of " dear papa"-that micro- cosmic and oecumenical genius who contained all within himself and radiated on all sides, where others shino only on one. He, on his part, received all this loving adulation as a king might receivo tho tributo of his vassals. Thoir worship of tho highest in him honoured theso women who paid it oven moro than it honoured him to whom it was paid. It was tho recognition of superiority, he said ; and their power of recog- nition proved their own worth. The clod does not worship the glow-worm, but man adores tho sun. It was bia dur and their duty ; and the two prin- ciples were as harmonious as a musical chord. Ho was fond ot both wife and daughter, and rested on' thom far more than the latter suspoeted or tho former knew. That good Matilda of his was every- thing to him; oyos and hands and feet and brains ; mother, wife and lover, audience and applause, all in one. She followed hi3 humours, bent herself to his shape, interpreted bia wishes and guided while she obeyed. She guided him from every un- pleasant accident of domestic life, yet gave into his fancy of holding him self as the pivot round which tho whole thing revolved. She loved him, or rather sho had loved him when she had married him ; full of enthusiasm for his genius, of admira- tion for his beauty, of gratitude for his love, of a girl's romantic belief in his infinite superiority. Whether sho woko from her dream and found somothing in tho weary life of reality which she had not suspectod in the bloom of lovo, or who thor she went on in her happy blindness, abe never told. All that tho world, Stella, and her hand- some husband himaolf saw, was a devotion that had no limits, an expressed admiration that was without stint, and a supple solf-offacement that made somo women angry, others jealous, and a few contemptuous of her slavishness. They had been married for two years before tho birth of their child came as an interruption- or addition-to their happiness. It was an oven chanco which it would be. Happily it waß tho latter. Mr. Branscombo was rejoiced to bo a father. It completed tba circle, he said ; and he talked hazily about Plato's triangle and the di- vinity of childhood. Lt gave him occasion for a picture of the household star-the baby in its nightgown^-for a canzonet and a birthday ode, a lullaby and a nocturne!; and he glorified hiinstdf in that pink littlo bundle sucking ito fist in tho cradle upstairs as if he were Jove and this tho infant Minerva, or as if ho wore the first man to whom had boon born a child. «He gave tho name -Stella. Sho was the Star of tho House, and tho word went well in poetry. He had hesitated long botwsen May and Iris-the one for her month the other meaning a messonger from Heaven ; he had tried Violet and I!r«e, Daisy and Eglantine; ho had thought of Mary for sweetness, of Mar- garet for dignity ; nud ho had gone through all tho heroines of fiction and history. But nono oom pOEcd so well ns Stella; and tho Star therefore she remained. He could scarcely havo found a name moro ap- propriate. As time wont on and her character dovolopod, tho girl proved more and moro her right to bo named as something bright and puro and high and heavenly. She had not a fault; or if any at all it was that she had nono. She was almost too good, too self- sacrificing, too high minded. She wanted the relieving shadows of a silly weakness hore, a wilful naughtiness thoro. Sho waa jii3t a little angel, said all her nurses, and all hor teachers; and gave no trou- ble to any ono. Yet sho waa not sickly. She had sound nerves, a full chest, a healthy appetite; sho could rid;} we i, play lawn tennis to perfection, and row aa if abo had been born with au oar in each baud. Sho was without morbid fancies or unwholesome superstitions, and was just a loving, devotod, conscientious and unsel- fish littlo girl, with tho possibilities in her of martvrdom' should the occasion occim She wou'd have loved her heathen lover hot- ter than hor lifo, but olio would havo preferred to h'm lovo with apostney, denth and bearing faithful witness to tho truth. She was a girl whom tba most impassioned mau could havo lovsd wholly, without understanding moro than her sweetness, seeing more than her beauty; aud sho was ono whom a sage would have honoured and a priest would havo dedicated, whom mothers onvied and whoi« children trusted. Such aa sho was, she was Cyril Ponsonby's adored j and ho was novor weary of congratulating himaolf on his aupromo good fortune, nor quito ablo to underatand why sho should havo honoured him-sho who might havo marriod a duke had elie liked-and ho, who was comparatively a moro no body, with, only ono hundred and fifty pounds a yoar of private fortune and nothing moro certain than brains, energy, youth and the future for the resr. Though by no means a brilliant marriugo in a worldly sense, this union of their only daughter with young Cyril Ponsonby had mot with no op- position from tho parents. It was suitalalo in point of ago and hirth; and they could afford a dowry which would onsure the barring out of that cruel wolf whose black muzzle so often thrusts itself within tho houso when tho door has but «lender golden fastenings. The lad was well-built, healthy, generous', strong; and handsome in a fine manly way-moro suggestive of hold sports than lady killing. They loved each other; and what moro was wanted than what they had? Ile was not rich cortainly, but his family was good and his name was without stain ; and with his prospects and lwr dowry there was no cause for fear. It would bo a sorrow to part with Stella, of course ; but then, girlG aro made to bo married and taken out of tho homo ; and they had always each other. " While you live, my good Matilda, I shall never want a companion," said Mr. Brans- combo, when tho thing was talked of between thom. " rf o ; while I live you will always havo some ono to attend on you and tako caro of you," she answered, tenderly. But nothing wa3" said of her, tho mother, nor where she was to look for consolation. In her love and her duties, of course. Mr. Branscombo would have said, had ho been asked. What was thc final cause of that good Matilda's oxistenco but to give, without a question of receiving? What is the glory of women but to love, to bless and to bestow ? Had he not said so in that son- net which ho had addressed to " My Wife ?" that sonnet wherein he had compared her to Ceres; to Juno; to Saint Barbara with all the littlo children gathered round her foet boneath hor cloak ; to the moth, which lays its eggs and dies'; to tho grass that feeds the lambs; to tho oak, which man immortalizes in a temple, a mansion, a ship ; to the coal winch is burned for the benefit of a hero or a poet? That good Ma- tilda was born to set forth the beauty of solf effacemont and the holiness of self-sacrifice ; and ho was not tho one to interfere with natural ar- rangements and throw tho machinery of Provi- dence out of gear by ministering to that which had been predestined to minister to him. And she, whatever she might feel, said nothing by way of regret, not even to Stolla herself ; but rather did her best to haston on the marriage as much as it was seemly to do ; sho and faith- ful Jane Durnsford, her maid, alone knowing why. So there tho whole thing stood, on velvet, as sporting men say. There was not a hitch, not a cross, nob a cloud ; and the lute of life and love gave forth its fullest and most melodious music. Tt was now May, and in August tho two were lo be married. Tbreo months which love ran into days as they passed, and longing lengthened into year3 as they were looked at-three montas of blissful anticipation of joyous realities-and then the fulfilment of their dearest dreams. Meanwhile, the young lovers sat on the lawn beneath the spreading cedar tree, whilo Mrs. Branscombo and her maid discussed thc secret that was between thom. And Mr. Branscombo, in his study bolow, dashed off at white heat verses which would not scan, rhymes - which did not fit and thoughts which wera so much intellectual chaff without a grain of wheat to give sustenance or support. But ho was satisfiod with his work, doar man !-and presently, getting inpatient at her abser co, he called that good Matilda to listen to what ho had done, and bo, as so of ton before, his audience and his applause. And when dinner was over and the family had assembled in the drawing-room, then the famous epic was produced and read to its author's running commentary of interpolation-his designation of the fine image here, tho sonorous music there ; the cadonce ot this lino, tho ingenious rhyme of that. " Then black-browed night arose, " With her veil of stars and snows." " That's fine, Matilda, is it not ? You see the im- age, Cyril? Thc stars spangling her veil, her veil thc snow-topped mountains. Perhaps it will not boar thc coarse touch of prose," said Mr. Branscombo with a little hesitation ; " but in poetry, which Í3 so much more vague aud sugges- tive it comes grandly." " Yes, dear," said Mrs Branscombo. "I think it lovely, papa," said Stella, whose faculty did not lio in criticism. "It is a very fine imago, sir," said Cyril> who had not heard very clearly. And when Mr. Branscombo had thus gathered in his little harvest, ho smiled, raised the delicate whito hand that had been dropping rtracefully from tho wrist over tho arm of his chair, ran his fingors through his curled and scented hair, smoothed with tho tips of his fingers his irre- proachable shirt front, and thou went on with his reading as before. Suddenly, Mrs. Branscombo gave a doop sigh, and turned deadly palo. A. shudder ran over her; hor bauds dropped nervelessly inlier lap; her eyes closed ; hor breath carno in short gasps ; and she foll backwaid in her chair in a strange and sudden faint. Thero was tumult and confusion, teara, distress and terror; but when Jane Durnsford carao on tho summons, sho seemed strangely collected and as if sho had gono through tho whole thing before. Sho knew exactly what to do, aud she did it; and whon Mr. Bransoombe, whoso helpless distress Wii3 almost an pitiable as his wife's condition, said half peevishly; "Have you ever seen your mis- tress like this before, Durnsford?" she answered with a sudden Hash in her eyes which no one could exactly read ; " Yes, sir, many times. It has only been a wonder to mo that no ono but myself know." " Send for tho doctor at onco !-nond for Dr. Qui^loy, instantly !" cried Mr. Branscombo, in ex- tremo agitation. "Do you moan to say Durns- ford, that yowr mistress is chronically out of health. and I not know it ? Where aro thèse men ? Send for Quigley I "Cyril, my boy, do you go for him ! HeavcnB ! that I should havo been decoived to this frightful extent !" " It is of no use sending for Dr. Quigley, sir," said Jane Durnsford. " I know what to do ns well as he can tell me. Indeed, ho did tell me." . " Oh, Durnsford, has mamma consulted Dr, Quigley, and wo never knew !" said Stella, who waa kneeling by her mothor'3 Bide chafing lier hands. . " Yes, Miss," answered tho maid. " But what is it? What is it ?" repeated Mr. Branscombo-. "Hoart, sir. She has what the doctor calla aneurism of the heart and may die at any moment. But she has not gone this time, poor dear !" added Jane, as a slight sigh stirred tho lips of the faint- ing woman, and a tinge of colour stole back into tho waxen face. 