A CHILD OF NATURE.* Mr. Buchanan's romance, as with perfect propriety he calls his story, may be taken a9 the expansion of the idea in one of Words worth's best known poems, where we have Nature saying, " A lovelier flower On earth was never sown; This Child I to myself will take ; She shall be mine, and 1 will make A Lady of my own." In this way Mr. Buchanan's charming he roine, Mina Macdonald, grew np among the fostering, stimulating influences of nature, which was to her always " An overseeing power To kiDdle 01 restrain." To produce a plant of perfect natural love* lineBS of this kind some specially favourable conditions are necessary, and among themare aloofness from the coarser, more sordid elements of what is often regarded as natural life. The author has done his best to secure these by laying the scene of his story in a re mote nook of the northern Highlands of Scotland, where the people are not, like the rural population of the Lowlands and Eng land, a lower stratum of the social fabric of civilisation, but merely a race in a retrograde stage of progress. Her perfect unconscious purity is the bloom of a simple natural life among simple natural people, while her mental and moral cultivation are the results of the education and companionship she derives from her uncle, a minister of scho larly inclinations and upright, simple cha racter. And Mina, as the result of it all, is a free, frank, fearless child of nature, quick in impulse, spontaneous in feeling, prompt to give her heart when it was for the first time touched by love, and at the same time strong and firm to bear, and helped by a sense of lofty self-reBpect to dignity and forti tude, when she, too, comes to realise that the course of true love never runs smooth. The scene opens on board a little yacht beating about, just as evening is falling, out side the dangerous entrance to Loch Uribol, a deep and lonely sea fiord on the north coast of Sutherlandshire. The English owner of the yacht is unacquainted with the " narrows" that have to be entered, and a shot is fired to Bnmmon a pilot. After a time the splash of oars is heard through the darkness, and the little vessel is boarded by a young girl, who takes the tiller, gives her orders in Gaelic, and safely brings the yacht io a secure anchorage in the little har bour. She then, while the occupants of the yacht are busy mooring the vessel, dis appears as quickly as Bhe came. There is a fine poetic piece of description as she pulls back in her little coble to the Bhore, which will give a good example of the tone and style of Mr. Buchanan's story " Night, which beautifies and spiritualises all earthly things and scenes, is lovely on Loch Uribol, and the wild mingled outlines of land and water grow terribly pathetic in the silvern light of the moon and the fluttering phosphorescence of the aurora. As the girl crept along up the fiord in her boat, singing her solitary song, the prospect changed around her as in some fairy tale. Round duBky points where the cormorants flutter their wings and preen their plumage in the moon; through shallow bays, with sandy shores, whereon the heron stalks like a ghost, knee-deep, with his black shadow in the silvern pool; where the mirrored stars were like gleams of pearls in the shimmering tide; through narrow, black passages where the sea-pigs were floundering with unearthly noises,uncertain whether to go this way or that; she went dreaming along,exhibiting no surprise at sounds and sights which would have tilled any but an iBlander with consternation. The dark scene around her waB full of life. A thousand sounds, hushed by day, broke the midnight Btillness. The place could scarcely be called lonely, unless life itself be loneli ness. The girl rowed on, Binging like one in a dream. Suddenly she paused, conscious of something dark floating behind her in the moonlight—a small black object which oscillated like a leather bottle, and now and then disappeared with a splash. As she bent on her oars, still intoning, it .came nearer, and showed the head of some animal swimming in the water. ' Earach! Earach!' cried the girL The animal came nearer, within a few feet of the boat, and showed the head of a large seal, with eyes which attentively regarded the speaker. . . . It was, indeed, a weird situation, and one which a stranger might readily have mis interpreted. The sight of that strange, young figure in the lovely moonlight, caressing a monster of the deep, would nave brought up startling memories of the wild shapes ana sceneB of fairy tales. As they hovered there together they seemed two creatures of the elements; Bhe, a fair spirit of the air, haunt big the melancholy night; it, a spirit of the deep, listening to the voice and obedient to the ministries of a superior. Seemed—nay, they were! This wondrous world of fact is, after all, the moBt mystic fable of all, and two beautiful Bpirits were haunting that moonlight, call them by what names we will." It iB right to Bay that Mr. Buchanan's ; descriptions are not to be classed with the pages of fine writing about scenery with which many novelists pad and ornament their books. They are a part of hU story. ! Undertaking to give us the portrait of a child of nature, he has to show us, too, the nature which stood to her in the relation of foster-nurse. This is very finely done in the ' -course of the story, and its perusal brings very strongly before the reader the view of . -the gaunt, bleak, bare hills of Sutherland i ehire. in a nook of which this bright, natural ' floweret grew up and bloomed. The etory we need not trace. To the ' wholesale devonrer of novels it will seem \- -devoid of strength an^ interest. It is that of humble maiden who is wooed and easily ; won by ope of much higher degree, who -comes to her in the guise of an equal. The lMf^OTW^h0;disflnctnesB and force which his picturosoif simple mountaineers would ; the contrast with some figures who bring with them the stamp «uid the style «nd manners of the town. This is sap ' plied t>7 . introduction of Lord Arranmore, the young proprietor of the country round ' WjIfatiuwtVa Bonuacvby Robert Bu Afluum. London: Bioluml Bentiey and Sua. 1881. Loch Uribol, and Sir Charles Sedley and his daughter Ethel. He has very skilfully con trived that these characters, though they live and speak like ordinary people of the world, and would in another novel appear as samples of the general crowd, stand out in compari son with the simple folk of the district as exotic and distant beings. The character of Ethel is very well depicted as a contrast to that of Mina, though she is in her way as like able a product of town life as Mina is of the primitive life of the Highlands. The brother of Mina, Graham Macdonald, with his pride and jealousy, and suspicion, is rather an un favourable specimen, but it is still easy to see how be, by the strong force of contrast, and by his unrestrained violence of feeling, should fascinate the high-spirited young lady, who is slightly wearied with the exquisites of fashionable society. The wildness of the nature—taking the word in its widest sense in which the young Macdonalds grew up is insisted on by the author, by giving us the grim, striking portrait of Old Koll Nicholson, the half-Bavage old fisherman, who calls him self their foster-father, and who is alike ready to invoke the aid of the powers of witchcraft, orto resort to the blackest crime, to ward off any fancied evil from his Mina. The hard- hearted but, after his cold narrow fashion, con scientious " factor" is equally well depicted, and he stands as a forbidding representative of the distant civilisation which only mani fests itself in these primitive regions in a maleficent aspect The effect of the whole is that of a romantic, half-poetic idyLL The aim is an unambitious one, but it is fully attained. Those who in this book first make their I acquaintance with Mr. Buchanan will ask with interest what he has done before, and what he is likely to do in the future, while those who know his former works will be gratified to recognise within the narrow compass of his present canvas the same poetic quality of genius which he has displayed in many other shapes before. 