NEWS AND NOTES. Cr T. H. Toompson deserves credit for the deep interest ha take in the question of bring ing into use in the city the electric light, and scarcely a meeting of the City gouncil passes without soma reference being made to it by him. At yesterday's meeting he suggested that the light should be introduced at the muni cipal baths during tbs evenings in tbs .ensuing summer, thereby popularising to a great ex tent. Cr Thompson stated the electric light was now a great success in Paris, where it was uted for domestic purposes, Ac. While in Mel bourne on Saturday fya had made enquiries at to coat of apparatus, and foapd that it could i now be obtained for £3O or ££o, and the Swan light, which formerly post Jfjd per hour, could be produced now for /and. The mayor (Mr J, Noble Wilson) stated tbpfp gras now a trial being made by scientific pep pf the Swan and the Sieman’e light, but the teap.it wap pot yet made known. In reference to pjing tye eleptric light at the baths, be pointed opt that had a boiler there, which would, perhaps,-lessen the cost Of the investment by being brought into ilia. The matter was eventually referred for report to # sub-committee, consisting of the mayor, ftho/pggoa, and the clerk of works. We are happy to state iba£ fhp iw?lth of Sub-inspector Kennedy is rapidly improving. He now suffers very little pain from his wound, but is too weak to sit up. Dr Pinnock reports that he is rapidly improving, and ws hope before long to see him about his duties “W- r A fire after i o'd.pck, ip kitcbsp Of a house in Skipton street, next ths hpjtej, occu pied by a cabman named (fha, fireballs rang an alarm of firo, but before the I a;r;val of the brigades at the house the fiarnaa bad free# pj. tinguiahed without much damage being done, fha kffehen was destroyed. The fire is attributed by as his place had bean fired fppr r timo? during the previous month, and each tiajniha pamps were fortunately extinguished before they had I made much headway. Eight persons were sleeping in tbs bouse at the time, including two children, who bad a narrow etsapa from being burnt to death. The house is insured for £lfio, and th» yslue of the buildings and stock is about £500." The youth, William Brown, jvhp a lighted "prater" on a lady’s' dress' qp gatur. day evening, »n gridgo gtrqet, was fined 0s at the Tonn Pohce’fJourt yesterday. The bench complimented Sergeant bis assistants for ths admirable measures adopted to suppress ths dangerous explosions of fire works in the principal thoroughfares. jf. t tbs meeting of the City Council held yesterday atteatiop. type directed to the un protested and'dangerpus ptafp of the eld shaft of the No. 1 Hand and jjand’/jompfny, in Market street The matter was referred fb the inspector of works to interview the mining inspector with a view to having the shaft coyared pjr fenced in, A report of aa in aid of the Ballarat Benevolent asylum frpltf pp Napoleons on Friday, is unavoidably held oyqr. " understand that good trout fishing can Bow b° obtained 19 the Moorabool Creek, Two fine troiii were caught fPftgf4V. morning by Mr 4- Hunter, Lai one of Wkigb turned tife scale at over a pound. ' Jjtr ifynpet states that b« b.9obs4 jy Jjuger £sh,. apparently * two-spd ahalf pounder, (/iff, pnfortunately, •ftf bwding the tropt it sprang bf<\+ ipto tjje water. _?he monthly meeting of the Hospital Com mittee will taka pltde on Wednesday evening, •t § o'clock The business is—Jo receive the reports of the hui'o-e am MiO-eiiiomicttu-s,' to P*j the monthly accounts, and to appoint two; member* of the home committee in the place of _ Messrs. A. Aaderson and T.' Clegg, who retire by rotation, bnt are eligible ior rota tion. ■ -Th» ; report of the Inspector of 'Public Charities upon' the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum, although in the majority'of instances extremely favorable to the past management of the institution, yet recommends a re model ling of the system upon which it is worked. The committee, at its fortnightly meeting last evening, resolved that, as there were so many important matters in the report, it would be better to refer the matter to a sub-committee, consisting of the president (Mr Josephs), vice president (Mr Oddie), and the Bov. W. Hen derson, to consider it, and lay the result of their deliberations before' the next genera! meeting of the committee. The subject will then be fully discussed. The usual monthly meeting of tbs Bunin* yong Fire Brigade was held on Saturday, at the Crown hotel, Buninyong; Captain M'Qrath iu the chair. Two new members, Messrs Salmon and Magor, were elected. Firemen Kafford and Hinckley were struck off the roll, of members for non-attendanee at three con secutive meetings.—Captain M'Qrath reported the receipt of one guinea from Mr Qreavss, for the assistance rendered by the brigade iq extinguishing the fire on his premises some time ago. Accounts to the amount of £3 lie id'were passed for payment, and the meeting adjourned. • An unfortunate girl named Jans Hdrgan, aged 23, gave herself up at the watchbouse last night as a luqatic. The cause of her malady is unknown. The fishing at Gong Qong seems to be very poor this year. On Saturday a party "of anglers left Ballarat on an excursion to the reservoirs, and returned home disgusted with out having bed “ the ghost of a bite,” They report that small perch in immense quantities are moving up the Homing from the Gong Qong. They also state that shags in great numbers are also there, and this, no doubt, is having something to do with the scarcity of fish. They counted no less than 25 of these destructive birds on one tree. We are glad to hear of the good progress being ' made by Mr. Georgs Herbert, of this city, who went to England over 12 months’ since to complete his musical studies. A short time ago Mr, Herbert was awarded a first-class certificate at the Society of Arts examination, and at the examination of the Boyal Academy of Music, London, held at th* end of Easter term, he obtained honorable men tion for pianoforte playing.. When belast wrote, Ur, Herbert had been spending his holidays at Whilechurch, Shropshire, at which place be,- with a friend of his, gave an organ recital, and the local press spoke very highly of his perform ances. We believe be intends to return to Ballarat in the course of a few months. Mr P. M. Claxton yesterday sold by auction Mr W. Dawson’s residence in Duveton street north. Mr S. Morrison was the purchaser. The property, we learn, realised a very satisfactory price. Mr J, L. Beeves the well-known bookseller of Sturt street, has sent us the first almanac of the season, both M'Hutchinson’s and the Vic torian bsaring his own imprint. They are well got up and contain a vast amount of use ful information, the boldly printed calendar accompanying the latter, adding considerable value to it. We have to acknowledge the receipt from the Government statist of the report of pro ceedings of the Boyal Colonial Institute 1880-81. A' volume of interest to colonial readers. The many disadvantages that legitimate fishermen had'to contend with at the Uoora bool Creek last season,' appear to have re curred this year. It is alleged that a party went to the Moorabool during the last few days, and by explodipg dynamite in the various holes in the creek succeeded iu obtain ing a fine haul of trout. Information of this most reprehensible practice has been given to the proper authorities, with the view to future proceedings being taken. An apparently well-educated young man, named Sydney Smith, -was charged at the town oourfyesterday with purloining various articles, amounting in value to £1 10s. 3d,, from a fellow-lodger named John Walker, at a boarding-house in. Mair street. The case presented the usual features of a robbery of its kind, but the accused was remarkable for the deferential manner with .which he glibly related a somewhat plausible story to the bench, of being in an inebriated state at tbe time of the theft. The bench pointed out to him* the pitiful position in which he bad placed himself, and sentenced him to one month's imprisonment. • Three handsome and valuable pieces of silver plate, intended for prizes at the forth coming show under the auspices of tbe Hardie’s Hill, Cargsrie, &0., Agricultural and Pastoral Society, are now on view in the shop window of. Ur W. Dawson, ironmonger, Sturt street, next to tbe Star Office. One of tbe pieces of plate is a silver salver, the gift of Mr B. Eliwood, of Brembroke, and is to be given for the best draught mars of any age. Another piece is a splendid coffee-pot, given by Messrs M'Leod and Kelly for tbs best longwcolled ewe shown, and. the othsr-piese is a silver biscuit-box, a gift from Mr Dawson himself for tbe beat Clydesdale entire, any age. In the window of Mr Marks' establishment, corner of Jjjdjard and Sturt streets, there are also exhibited thrpe silver plate prizes, intended to be offered for com petition at this show, j One. of (he prijsss is a grand cruet, presented by Mr Marks himself as a prigs for the best Hereford bull or cow. There is also a pretty cake basket, given by Messrs Bingley Bros., Mount Mercer, for the best merino ram on tbe ground; and Mr W. M'Kay, Grenville, gives a revolyipjj butter cooler for (he best merino ewe. Amongst the applicants who presented them selves for relief before the benevolent Asylum committee last evening, was one Mrs O'Began, whose relief, it appears, was stopped because of some polibe court proceedings in which she had somewhat prominently figured. She pleaded her case in a voluble manner, and stated that it was not for herself she desired assistance, but for her little oaes. A general opinion prevailed that her children should be looked af(er i# another sense, and ultimately the matter was Jpft t# tjje yic.itore. On last Thursday evening q yery successful concert was given at tbe Scott's Marsh State school in aid of the prize fund. In addition to local talent, several excellent siugera from JJunipyong lent valuable aid, while the unusu ally cleyer usmjp singing of Mr J. Archer, of Ballarat, completed Each part f£ tbe concert commenced will; a school song, composed for the occasion by the head teacher, lit G- H, Soar#?, and sqng'by’the school children. The Buninyong goqtiqgeut supplied some excellent sonj? and duets. M>ss Hisoqok god Mias Milligan sang in their usual brilliant atyly, M>* a Peake’s fine alto voice way heard jtp adyanjtage. Mr H. Slaeman rocitid Tennyson’s ‘.‘Charge' of the £ight Brigade" in » yery. elective manner- The Scott’s Marsh performer) included MrM. Allison, who sang "In the gloaming” with expression; Mr W. Williams, whose rendering Of £hs song, “The British lion,” was well r«coiyyd; .Agnes Scarse, a little singer of 1(1 summers, pitf apparently s favorite with audience; ((Caster \Vmio 'Boothe aged § years, io a r«|t»tion; and* Mr' J l . ((Eauddrell, who deserves special mention for bis vocal performances. The recitations of Mr Ohenball, of Buninyong, were much admired. A special V.otp of thanks was tendered to .Mr Archer for his fandjfjise in giving his valuable services. Mention should cJaohc made of Mr Geo. Eason, who generously supplied sjujtcijJp platform ait his own expense, and otherwise promoted the success of the entertainment. Tha total re ceipts will probably stand at £s los. The fireballs rang out a false alarm about 8 Qjclook last evening, a huge bonfire on Soldier’s (fill‘_fasying presented the appearance of a burning bouse.* Be.fcrs tjio brigades had left for the fire the conflagration eekAd- ■ ■ A child, about two year’a of age, named Sefinf Hblypsjfe, * whose parents reside ’ at Mount Pleassnjj'jypy to the Hospital yesterday, suffering from extensive h.nrns on tbs body tud Jags, the • right side • being severely scorched. It seems that the mother sf the child had left it for a minute or (wo in the bouse, and on returning found that the pgoy ijttla thing had fallen into tbe fire. The necessary esjjstancs jvas' rendered at the Hospital, and tbe Mild wag tfcsu (iskeg home. Yesterday evening at tbs usual monthly meeting of tbe Ballarat Eclectic Association Mr H. K. Buadan, of Melbourne, read a lengthy paperoq “The value of human life.” The president, Mr (!. E. occupied tbe chair; and thera’ was’a pretty /air %ttgg49BP?i iu vjew of the circumstance that there wefi layer*! attractive public entertainments Id the <?U t)? B 9«Seerau.ing. ; A few ladies were prssent. The piper. yhigh contained many ■omsyrhatjcew and startling social propositions illustrating the tendency of ’.’ advanced >’ mfd«rn (bought in Christendom in the present dpy, was very attentively listened, to, and at the close a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the lecturer, on (he motion of Mr Vf, B. WicudtB edcuudmi* by Mr 6. Cuiuoiiug; the former of whom intimated that, although he did hot concur With'a*U- Mr Rusden's theories, he admired bis moral courage in giving expres sion to his sentiments. Hr Becberraise and Hr. Joseph Jones also spoke at some length on the subject. Qur limited space Jn the present issue prevents “pur. giving a synopsis of the lecture. The honorable the Minister of Mines, hopes (lost" night's \fferald states) to take the first reading of the bill dealing- with the sludge difficulty in the mining districts on Wednesday next. The bill does not give facilities to mine owners to run their sludge over private lands with the nearest watercourses; on paying compensation for the private lands used. ‘ As the' deputation which waited upon the Minister last week desired, as the Govern ment recognise that the maintenance of purity of the existing watercourse is in the first degree essential. To permt the wholesale filling up of creeks and rivers by vast accumulations of sludge would be ruinous, and render the. water conservancy measure which is one of the platforms of the Govern ment almost inoperative; The bill therefore proposes to compel. mining - companies and owners to impound their sludge, and will give facilities by which they may acquire private lands for this purpose on paying reasonable compensation,; to be assessed by a specially appointed officer. A number of companies may join in the construction of the sludge dams if they,so choose, but private enterprise in this respect will hot be interfered with. All the Government will do is to provide the means by which private lands may be acquired for the impounding of sludge on principles similar to those under which ground required for railway purposes is resumed by. the Crown -uqder (he 'provision of the Lands Compensa tion Statute. The Rev. John Cain gave an address in St- Paul's schoolroom last night, the subject being “Mission Life in India." The rev. gentleman was listened to throughout by a delighted audience. His address was illustrated by Urge prints of the various gods, temples, Ac., of the natives. He gave soma specimens alio of the Indian native dialect. The lecture was an interesting one. We are requested to draw attention to Mr J. Victor's sale to-day by R. Tunbridge and Co. The annual meeting of the Lai Lai Turf Club will be held at 3 o’clock on Friday next at Xager’s Criterion hotel. , Is . is notified by advertisement that the results of the competition at the Sydney Fire Brigade Demonstration, which takes place to morrow, will be posted immediately after each event at.SbelUogtbn's City Brigade hotel. In consequence of to-morrow being the Prince of Wales Birthday, and the annual soiree of the Orphan Asylum being held on that evening, the Ballarat branch of the Aua fcraliao Native's Association have decided to bold their fortnightly meeting this evening. • We observe from our advertising columns that Mr F. M. Claxton will, at 12 o'clock on Thursday, . 17th ineh, at hie sale-rooms, Lydiard street, submit to public competition, that extensive and valuable property known as u The Willows," the residence of Mr W, H. Gaunt, who Is desirous on account of his pro fessional avocation, of residing in Ballarat. Doubtless there will be a good deal of comps tion for such a beautiful country seat. The annual demonstration in connection with Lydiard street Sunday-school wilt take place to-morrow evening. Tea will be on the tables at 6 o'clock, and a sacred concert, under the conductorahip. of Mr Charles Eyres, in which 200 vocalists will take part, is to be sub sequently held. The full programme will be published in to- morrow's issue. We remind our readers that the evening party in connection with the anniversary of the Loyal Ballarat Lodge M.XJ LO.O.P, takes place this evening at the Alfred Hall, and, judging from the manner in which the efforts of the committee have been seconded, the affair pro arises to be a brilliant success.- As will be seen by.our advertising columns, a number of our beat local singers will appear on the occa sion, including the Misses Blair, and Messrs Woolcock, Vercoe, Hall, Cazsly, Wells, and Swifte. The proceedings will be opened with an overture by Proofs military band of 15 performers; after which an address will be delivered by Mr W. P. Martin, grand master of the order in Victoria. Mr C. M'lntyre is the oatererer, and, taken altogether, the 25th anniversary of the Loyal Ballarat Lodge pro mises to be celebrated in trne Oddfellows' style. Intending patrons who have not yet secured their tickets are reminded (bat they will be procurable at the . hall to-day from any. mem bers of committee, ” 