.TIIfX DBdREI iAND T'lL' TRANOC. Dr. Frederick George Leo is contri buting' "tlie 'Til'licUlon (a new six penny magazine:wlhich by the abund ance and quality of its contents, may itlhe. long run play havoc with the circulation of the shilling nionthlies) a series of papers on a subject which he hima' made his speciality. Of " Three Ghost Stories" which he has promised, the first is called ' The Dream and the Trance," and is as follows: In the early, part of the present century two Oxfordshire men, .who may be termed respectively the "Rev. Dr. Walker" and the "Rev. Octavius Pitts," were fellows of one of the oldest and most renowned colleges at Oxford. As boys, having beon brought up together, they had been per sonally acquaimted with several of. the French. enugrant priests, who had fled from France, and had learnt from them to :believe more, firmly. in the super natural than was the case with many of the; English clergy of that period. A French Archdeacon, who had found a re fuge and agreeable home near Dorchester, in Oxfordshire, and who was buried in the abbey church there, at the expense of the.Rev. Dr. Gauntlett, Warden of New College,'had exercised a direct and great influence on the faith and opinions of Dr. Walker in regard to the Unseen World a subject in which the latter took a very deep and earnest interest.; Both Doctor Walker and,IMr Pitts be. canm firm believers in the iitervention of angelic beings in the concerns of the pro sent life,:and one of then left on recorda carefully-written, systematic treatise on the subject, of considerable theological and general value. . It is reported, and the report certainly has several facts for its foundation, that these two clergymen entered into a solemn compact with each other, that, whichever of the two should die first, the other, if he were permitted, and if it were possible, would return in the spirit to the survivor to speak of the realities and nature of the unseen world. This mutual pledge was made and committed to writing, in terms of great sacredness and solemnity. , Whether'it was ever directly fulfilled is not known for certain to the surviving friends of either; but Dr. Wall'er re-', rnained a fellow of his college for 'iianyi years after his friend Pitts ,had'taken.a country living, about eighteen miles froi i Oxford, where in a pleasant rectory he resided is a bachelor, attended by 'a con siderable number of servants, living in good, style, and was looked upmi, with singular regard by all who sojourned near. About the year 1816-for the exact date seems undetermined, some having w'ritten 1815, and others a year later-Dr. Walker had a most extraordinary dream or vision. Thus: Ho was in residence in college in the month of November of either one or other of the years already mentioned, and, its he went to bed, nothing whatsoever had occurred during the 'day to bring specially to his mind his old college friend. , In the.. night, however, Dr. Walker'had a vivid and ;distressing dream. He hlad seen his friend Pitt's face, pale and'suffused with pain;:' Having awoke in a' state of siffocation, or soniething,akin to 'it,' Drt Walker,niused for sonm time ori what le had; belield,: or 'hld seemed 'to behold. Soon; however, he went to sleep again. He then dreamed.tlhat Mr Pitts appeared once, more to him, with his. features drawn, his eyes, glazed, and very wide open, with an expression of deep fear on his countenance, and that Pitts exclaimed several times-" Walker, they are buryin§ý mio !-" Walker,. thdeyare burying me I' Again he. awoke, and.an a state of some i perturbation ; for the voice had sounded so naturally to him,;nvlile the whole vision c was so extremely lifelike, that it niade himte lie iawake, for a long.timeo. nd meditate upon its natuiroand meaninig. Beforeo' he I went to sleep agahin however, he half re solved,to ride over to M?r Pitts' rectory iii c the comineg afternoon. Then soon after. i wards -lIe:slept till tihe morning. . The 15th of the imonith of November broke unusially brightly. The sky was rosy, and almost cloudless. Some press ing college work domatided Dr. Walker's unremitting attention up to luncheon time, t and he 'consequentlytlhen abandoned his t proposed ride. "' r Iii diiue course he ivent' to blied rose' as usual tlio next 'morning, and,' having duly breakfasted;'was sitting reading a book in ani ircichair before the fire, when an ordi. nary' tap was' heard on the door of his apartment. Thinking it was the boot. cleaner or scout, he called out, "Coi0e c in," without looking round or disconitinu-' ing his reading. Suddenly, having noticed thleopening of the door and the certain Ingress of the servant, as he'imagined, lhe at once liecrd moast distinctly an audible whisper in his ear, in his friend Pitts's familiar voice-" Walker, they are bury. r ing me " ':: . .Startin" up suddenly, he turned round a to: find 'ti'e door closed, no one in the room, neither scout nor anyone else; nor, on inquiry, had either of the servants compe." He was greatly perplexed and alarmed. Coupling; this strange occur retice with his dream of the previous night, he resolved'at once to start off and - s?ee his friend withlout delay. His roarid lay through .Littlemore, Nunehlam, and Dorchliestor ;but'was se?eral miles beyond the last-named decayed and sleepy town. ' After i:a hard rido, hle at length reached hisfriend's, when,' to his intense surprise ' andamnazement, he came upon a plueued lhearse and a pair of horses standing on tlhb'egravel before' the front door. Wlhat could-it meanl Was: it :anothler dream 1 WasPittsthen deadI : . On making inquiry of the servants, Dr. \Walker found that this was the case, and that' moreover, :the coffin of his 'friend was actuallybeiong screwed down at that very moment 'preparatory to the funeral. A'sister and brotlher-in-law, with some other 'relatives, were already :here as mourners, and the corpse wais to :obe com mitted totthe earth at thlree o'clock. + Dr. Walker, who was.singularly over come, forhie had constantly dwelt on their 1 former understanding :during his ride,' pressed earnestly to be allowed to see his old friend'sface for once more. Objections p were raised, but lie would not be denied. The 'cofin- had been flially closed, the sorviants iformed hlim; but upon hlis ro pteatid: nnd cmost urgent request and a S direct appeal to tihe relatives, it was un- I scroeed; i Thereio his friend lay, rigid and grey like inashroud, with his hands crossee and tied togethler at the wrists. It was too true! Death hlad evidently overtaken him, and Dr WValkor had lost a true and dear friend. Stooping down, however, to kiss his i forehelad, he at once noticed that there a was an absence of that peculiar and un- r eistakablo odour whichl always so distin guishes the deatlh-eclhmnber. He tlohen put tl his ear to the body's breast and lips, and, Pith a firm and determined oxclamation, eried out-" Suroly he breathes'; lho's not h dead I This is a trance ; this is not death; Pitts!" he exclaimed, in a clear and com. nianidilngvoice-" Pitts i do you hear me ?" There was 'at once a slight-a very slight-paroxysm visible at one corner of the mouth ; at least, so it seemed to him. Thie undertaker's men thought the in ;truder was either a fanatic or a madman ; but they did not interfere. Dr. Walker peremptorily forbade the funeral taking place ; and after some dis 'cussion with the relatives of MIr Pitts, the body was lifted out of the coffin and placed in a bed. The extremities were rubbed; warm applications made use of, and, although the trance continued for three days, tile latent signs of life were such as to give every hope of eventual re covery. These signs developed in due course; and within a week of Dr. Walker's visit, Mr Pitts had regained his conscious cess. Wi ithout entering into unnecessary do tails as to the metllod by which lie subso queoitly recovered his health and strength, or without transcribing certain medical. Notes, still in existence, which contain a record of the various' phases of a remark able and notable illness-Notes made under the direction of a distinguished London physician by a country practi tioner-if will be sufticient for the readers of this extraordinary incident to be in fornied that lir Pitts always maintained that lie had no conscious remembrance of ever having appealed for aid to Isis friend at Oxford. ' After the trance first super venced, lie could, as he declared, hear the remarks of those in attendance upon hin froln timen to time, though he himself re mained perfectly passive, and was unable to stir hand or foot, or to move mouth or eyelid. Subsequently, he lost all con sciousness, and could never by anly effort recoembersanythicng further at all. The voice of his friiend. Dr. Walker, used with great distinctness when lie lay in his coffin, seecned to bring himi back to t the present World; but he did. not evens thone realise, his true position, nor. was he actually conscious, except for a few short intervals, until three days subse qiuently; :. 1Mr Pitts, retiring to Bath, lived for nine years afterwards; and it is on record, I in the handwriting of a near relation, that, While always full of gratitude for tIle action df.'Dr. Walker(takecn, as ifr Pitts believed, throuigh some supernaitural in tervention), he himself was unusually re ticent, in speaking of thee .event, and objected strongly to its discussion in his I own presence. "The. voice of entreaty heard. at Oxford may .have .been my spiritual voice," he used often to remark; ",of that I.can saynothing, for I know nothing.. Or it may have been the Voice of my Guardian Angel.. If so, Laut Dco I"' __________o____ ,,__ 