I9SCELLAZNEOV8I ITEMS. It is notiied:ip Saturdaya?eorarnme Gapqfe that 1)Dr. E . R. Webb, M.1LC.S., ha3s been appointed eurgeon .toatheQueenslssd voluntcer fore::~ . : A'couple were married on the top of Pike's P lately by a oni?ister in a tlegraph offide 10,000ft. below.!' I. , ' , l . .,; :.- . As Italian claims to have invented fn imptorbd tclephlode'whlreby tlie'sdftest llispdrniayhb tians mitted almnost any distance. I I:t fs 'ollicially r notifisi that."t'lhe"uhdertmstided tenderse for the'shpi~jlyof psidrisioslih6dd ilhntof the public service for the yearl1881 have been accepted: -Woogatoea4tledale 2,! D..!. .M'alansui;l~p.hedule 3, D. T. Kieoghl; sch'edule'4,j. Williams; schedule (i, Rt. S. Worry and Co.achledule 7, J. Williams. lpswieh-Sclhedule'L, J..Hailey; schedule 2, WV. \Wright; scheldules 3, 4, 6, and 7, D. T. Keogh. - We hIlet rAtbiledifrbm Sj t',fr ilit?ei'pamphlet of 15 p.p., ~whilch has aead reached the second editsnslshtainig dEoiar rsil0dbnshe'lafoer of the Memory of the late Bishop O'Quinn, of Bris Ihe:l" The asticles &et;'iiot~hsi t froailth's'iey :Pretman'. .l ,ii o Thy s atebrie~fandspointed,Ire vigorousUi.wtlitten, d.willbe dad wilth interest by the slum'emrous friends in.this colony-of thsdseceded prelate. .ir .Referrrig'tb the bhotnhig' fttistRhkla ihe?re in Viemnna, with ther·.tcdmpanyldg :lamentable loss of life, the i: Jtlcife-ld' sFyas'-e', dRiPRk fjheatre wrasa veryhandsosme bqildiugpfggo~er construction, and pf the Ialin Jen~isance o t re. 17tennau1and two miles m length, and fifty-five yAlcde" Tn width. its formation .waa aotns enced at g year ao and althoiib a sium of about ,1, baa been .-'ent b?to?vnmn. .a?~?ho e money lic bui?ia, te Rinkia ?ill ,stafisilt .rt- B Varliaja4i~osast'th#Upiv si~,m Tr' sow rikemaiaii of it) ire aimong 'li , mt i at ctrntoree,. The theatre, wo *.i'a cessoriessofk is ol'it'cmple ile, adtfherfl¶An belittle dIoubt that thleitthis o if sigreon ad egress were re irded aid beiigfi'doat aisosjle. 'BiThe MdtI howls?ver, were eviilesstlur ?~klld to beal?>it?'siit test oc hath po!on of the.Rink ncalled t.e h Isatoh)'nk. a ..t 4ar ,,:;.,a< .?, I' Stren 5' in~ .7'etr~a ?eTar Meoinslb, Oh 'barlisn ont o se ito e, ,h'oMla ..et~op r,, -lutta fonodl~sa qs Boderss~ arsen to lore baeti be Mr-h?. sir the.hoss obih n three dif fereit ocaiaeie-no ld the'r 's?at ija she, is byopa soeeus the I~siotnnifisble aot 'tkidmen; sald:? .tirs lasj. 'ount'for the hhaldj rate"sof'ortdilitfy.?htib shose usifortunatesa who venture to wooand wille~idow, the rbsoiiide'shaisty; and' thlift'Sfithuerlwdhy. It is remiarkable that each husband sheEhItll ohe Sortaolboil ink different sy'tAhemrti·iW l htho dox fashion.ifgoe 'o' iigdllf?is: the nextsucenmbed floso ~he .effea-onl!xposure in the bush, where he laie wandered aftetisr I riskinX bout'; asidthq third sent his ghost to that bourne from whence no travel ler returnas by suhodadinet hielf by a rope to the bsranch of a gum tree in the neithbourhood of the 'mali shaoty. : Thel·id wasll doneus theideatksqcf of 'the" niht; and:,amidatttheonoiseaatid oounusitw f a genemlie aro eeteihe landlord wasasotaisolq entildhe smotihig, whennisebfthe mbrdsol rgueotadiscovered hint hanging whete thund eef or muttonueeMdfr tohe tlmle of the tavern at other times was hung. The lhidlady' Iiltose &dily; infte-is d 6esl/liie ?atoal,r?tied quietly had a sheet plaegd around the remnains of the departeda epr.saapeuded),ctad lef? thegs swaying to old fro uistiti tehe d?t'rislf'ot'the tirlh- " rho was sent fof,a ?nd'el'h t oconie'ddid6 "dlietiahbe. Iull41le¶Jijan 'liile. two noyfarbi~ s Atried 'at'tl. plrt, alVFhad theft setsk of tea; ;sugaranad flourtsiplenislikdlhby the Ilostessi:who inafornied one ofhthdeai;n auhwaifto Ihis isquirytlrhether she hpd iany liest, thiathahi was just out of that article. Noticihg.:the'nshroaded carcass hasnging, the visitor naturally mistook itior a sheep just slauolite-l, hknd dilt'd her ladyship's attistiop t jt.. "Oh;"that" said she- "whey, theat's 'my Chatli! ?' "Dhn't' 3shisir-tul I~rt s a b d hung himself 4;"s 'she ,geigI due sotiotio6r tUf stone of sugar.4-t tsJgles!' i htldatrelaeiau. The following itithl 'tekt bf an important mani fetsto, dn sthessjecati o ?f the satote pf'Itasd,ilRhich was issued by' the Catholic hierarchy of-Ireland after thieirhnsisiojtisit MsdJybothf ColidJ1T Seventeen archbishops asnd bishops were present at the confer ecte , "e'4t-Ltl~ldnfbed gstesteassoepnsdicitude for the welfare of their flak:whi-L- oved them at their last general meeting in April to solicit the Govern Ilent to olupn4 tihe lq$u Bjli.s'4) py tleo ifore .P'arliamept thle bhihopspf h os.l ,lssi.qr jJ?Iet r lduty to declare at their present sneetjtgg he iew Lend Act isaa grept bssep!tp? the' tenant ls, and a largeo instalment o Justice, for which the gratitude ofma lqrge portion ofthl ip s due to Mr. Gladstoupad thtpe ~ho e 4tp hi.iccarry this eneahore tbrougo Parliuent ~.b hiss earnestly ehdort tlhell flockito e ;nvl thisoel s: isadsna taged'..daseYit'ole'fisslshsss Nt ?;oessA'i 'Ttikil s-ig&ttty;' isens'it'w 'ifl lboig ,j?ieet t hiefief'hid'h hi 'teissis tt'iin ' theehp re gion sof nall jtifo l knialA wCiuathoi ueyj iutly"od?si 'The e boitije'si" ' l eo u'sgitsaubafatsonierh thu bep hiieaho' gt _in the Laud Act. andtevery, otwh 'eaon itish trd?,: to i opre ts dndittio?' the l rsn?'nThe .,ihopsavnil thlsealv e letlis s piof'Oiuho tf?oonc li on thiirf blBrgy 'to? ?nats their fles)' tidit 'all setcret isencies i t'dibsfens'e andd set tlllohis,"tvlsico p iilgy 'cohme 'fsiro enesnis ; of tha tJjsle: And tlhey expalort the ?i?iyto prver tie i'd'thk t"bear their couut~r send tsie foaits l.y' nestlhlidihg the 'ldrg?h in thsj sbppr'ssion of all'a2isti-sciosl4 hon 'iilti Cathsulic abuaes ; alsoby resmosini sigt far'a's'ls'is etih easis eower, the stisgsa 'hicli oser en'emrtF 'bihva soogst to pot upoa the people, hleat' tlse& si noot psaytlh'ijeuse 'debhtt, 'whiclltheyaeli' isoeil 'testdui. " 'the hsishlbsps'snsite writh 'the people in to.tinug oit','thls'ov eamoent the release of those 'hso'ai'e'estll 'lltjeiatfsied, hlopissg that such i nesouri will cistriblteb iss little to the peace of thie'ounst5-y."-" ' 