LADIES NEWS-LETTER. [By a Lady.] London, October 7. Suitors for the hand of Her Majesty's unmarried daughter, the Princess Bea-<*> trice, have not been wanting, and re-<*> ports from time to time have named certain foreign dukes, heirs apparent and English noblemen, each in turn, as likely to become the happy possessor of Her?ojalHighneas'shandandheart. The Cuke of Genoa is the last-named aspirant, and rumor says the Queen favors the match. According to a French journal the Italian ambastador has left London for Rome bear ing a letter from Her Majesty to King Humbert, which is said to contain matter relative to the proposed alliance. It is truly said one must go from home to hear aews, which experience proves to be not invariably authentic. Possibly therefore our friends acro?S the channel have, dravra on their imagination for the foregoing infor mation. " I eaaaotteU how the treth m?y be — I tsU the tale a*'twsi told to me." To a thoughtful mind I think there is sametfcmg paralyzing in the reflection that the consequences of our deeds and even words may be so far-reaching in their re sults as to extend far beyond the bounds of reasonable imagination. When the Coun tess of Bective set on foot that scheme of conservatism in relation to dress which is intended to benefit British woollen manu facturers and their operatives, the fair philanthropist did not reckon, I suppose, en her views being propagated in St. Petersburg, and there leading to the for mation of a society pledging its members, under ssvere penalties for any contravention of the rules of the club, to wear only each fabrics as are of Russian make and made up by native work-people. It was well said — "Thert is some soul of gnnrtra- in things ?vil? Would Bus* obaervmgly distil it oat." And though the {reigning taste has of late expressed itself in the choice of fabrics of foreign manufacture, thereby occasioning distress among a class of native operatives, it is certain that the exclusion of all materials other than those made in this land would bring about results not alto gether satisfactory; and apart from the restrictions imposed upon commerce by any such regulation, our present scope for dressing elegantly and well would be ?abject to considerable and undesirable limitation. Bradford woollen goods may be very suitable for winter morning wear. The material is eminently satisfactory in point of durability, and excellent in many respects. Bat ones forbid us to wear the love)j silis manufactured in Lyons and elsewhere, and include in the restric tion other tasteful fabrics which are imported here—carry insistence further still, sad decree that we shall wear woollen, and woollen only, going- so tar as to legislate that poor mortality's winding-sheet shall be made oat of the fleece of the sheep, and we shall have stronger intimations of rebel lion and disgust than those expressed ia the following couplet, to be found in Pope's "MondEeaay."— ? Odisos m wooDen, '?would a saint provoke, Wen U?l?rtwo-^ that poor Nareia-a iptke.* Alpaca, as I said, I believe, in a former letter, is too thin s substance to be adopted during the extreme rigor of an English winter, but my readers abroad may be sure that alpaca is the material par excellence for wear, and most fashionable just now. White alpaca trimmed with fine gold or silver braid is in excellent taste, and when farther trimmed with white watered silk looks very elegant. Black alpaca makes a more useful costume, bat it charming when com* kiaed with watered silk of the same raven ku* sad fist gold braid. It has been justly observed that the man who defers hie charity till he is en his deathbed is free with another's inheritance rather than liberal with his own. The majority keep their possessions up to the vervfiastthoux of existence, and, if at all, saosuy recognise the claim* of the suffering sad indigent simultaneously with the con sciouenees .that riches cannot be car ried screes the borderland that separates life from death. Then, per haps, the tardy bequest is made, and ? character for philanthropy cheaply pur chased, though posthumous charity, unless preceded by former acts of benevolence, seems hardly to deserve the name. Happily, and far the credit of humanity, there have been some remarkable exceptions to the rule of post- mortem benefactions, aad some of ?or ttmtemporaries furnish striking ex* ample* of men who, while yet in the prime ?f their-days and in the enjoyment of per fect *w*Jfl?j have given munificent sums for the futaenacs of schemes of charity, or for the promotion of projects intended for the benefit of mankind. Professor Hollo way, the fame of whose "pills and oint ment" has secured for him a world-wide renown, is one of those whose alms is not to be characterised as post-mortem. At an enormous cost he has erected a magnificent lunatic asylum. "Maison de Santo" is, I believe, the accepted name for these places of refuge. " Madhouse" would have keen the ""^Tprofiigipg term our plain speaking ancestors would* have usedVbut advancing civilisation teaches us to avoid wounding the susceptibilities of any by such laid phraseology, however expressive it may otherwise be. The asylum is in tended for middle- class folk, v*ft I believe this project of Professor ELolloways it j unique in the annals of charitable schemes. Statistics prove that aberration of mind is greatly on the increase, for we live in a ceaseless hurry—ever drive, driving en, till the worn-out "?**?"? breaks down mentally or bodily. It is not agreeable to face so sad a fact, but one cannot help admire those who have the courage to do so and the generosity to provide for the amelioration of the unhappy condition of the mentally sfUictsd, even when their cure cannot be effected. Professional men. including lite rary toilers, artists, and others /among the educated but not over-healthy classes, are, so it is said, in these days of keen competi tion and severe mesial strain, peculiarly liable to insanity. Theeostof maintenance in private asylums is so enormous that for the majority it is not to be thought of, yet we of the middle ranks hesitate to place our afflicted friends in pauper asylums, not from any false pride, but because, as the term implies, a very large proportion of the unhappy inmates of these places are taken from lower stations in life, whose habits and intellects usually accord with the social status to which they belong, and constant association with these afflicted beings must inevitably !at times jar on the sensitive and aggravate the sorrowful condition of the educated and naturally refined man or woman whose misfortune condemns him or her to such uncongenial companionship; for it is an error to suppose that an un sound ndnd retains no memories of the past, nor is at all cognisant of present sur roundings. On the contrary the halluci nation is often confined to one special subject, and as the experience of my life includes much knowledge of the insane, I can say from my own observation that there are frequent cases to be met with where on some points the perception of the deranged seems to be benefited rather than clouded, excepting of course that one delu sion which necessitates the incarceration of such. In lucid moments, however rare, to find themselves among people of their own rank in life, and to be able at such times to exchange sentiments with persons of some intelligence, must, I think, have a soothing and beneficial effect on the nervous system, and assist in restoring, or at least in pio moting the recovery of lost balance of mind. So all honor to Professor Holloway, whose disinterested gift of £50,000 for the pur pose referred to above wins for him a double right to the tide long bestowed upon him—that of universal benefactor. I have to record saether instance of benevolence, sad this time it is of a woman I speak, who, though her scheme of charity is yet ia abeyance, spares no effort to acquaint herself with all the technical knswledga necessary for the successful carrying oat of her plus. These efforts inelnde OThaisrtim* meats! and bodily ex ertion, forlMadame Modjeska's hMteioaic talents axe now exclusively strained and devoted not to acquire wealth for her own selfish gratification, but to furnish a suffi cient fund for the erection of a hospital for the sick in he* own land (Poland), whither the talented actress shortly re turns. A few days back Madame, accom panied by an eminent physician and his wife, who are friends of mine, paid visits ef inspection to two of our great metropolitan hospitals for the purpose of acquainting herself thoroughly with their construction and the system of management under which they are governed, together with all other details likely to assist her in carrying out her benevolent intentions. Madame descended to the kitchens, and interviewed the cooks belonging to both establishments, the presiding genius of the culinary depart ment beiog in one hospital a man, in the other a woman. It was generally allowed that the cleanliness and order apparent under the woman's rule was in excess of that displayed in the kitchen and surrounding offices where the chef de cuitine belonged to the sterner sex. Subsequently Madame Modjeeka and the Count, her husband, lunched with my friends. My lady readers will wish to hear how Modjeaka was dressed on this occasion. Hex costume was decidedly singular, thick serge and white lace befog in our eyes somewhat.anomalous. Never theless the feature?*of Madame a dress presented that anomaly. The flounces, there being three, had fans of white lace let in at spaced intervals all the way round, and the edge of each flounce was was also trimmed with lace. A nearer view and closer inspection of the Polish lady than any that is possible in a theatre and with all the illusions of the stage about her, shows Modjeska a woman past her prime. She has however, perfect manners—nature's own patent of nobility; her hair is still lovely and abundant; and her wonderful eyes light op the face that bears the impress of advancing years. Unquestionably Juliet is a part which, if Madame fears criticism, it is hazardous for her to play. I know she feels the incongruity of the character as por trayed by herself, and confesses her dislike to represent that love-sick child, who after all is one of Shakespeare's most charming creations. I saw poor Adelaide NeQson act the part, for which she seemed to be made. The feverish passion, the abandonment of that glowing representation, it is impossible to forget, though Neileon for over twelve months has lain in her untimely grave in Brompton cemetery. Mft^??e Modjeska, after her present tour in the provinces, re turns to town fot a few days, paying a visit to an acquaintance of mine. She then goes to Poland for a brief stay, after which it is Modjeska's intention to sail fat America, where she intends to play for two years, and then purposes to return to Poland and spend the rest of her days in peaceful retire ment. I see It is announced that Her Majesty expresses a wish to be responsible for any medical attendance rendered to such volun teers as can prove that their need of it was or is distinctly traceable to exposure on the occasion of the ill-etarred review held near Edinburgh some time ago, an event which I duly recorded. A few days past I was shown a specimen of ancient jewellery, interesting because of the antiquity and associations csrmected with the original rather than from anything singular in the design or material of the copy. The Mycene bracelet, aa it is styled, is a moderately wide band of gold. The patten consists of blocks of gold knobs, alternating with squares of another design. The relic—cf which the circlet I saw is a reproduction—was, it is said, discovered in the tomb of Agamemnon, or treasury of Atrene, and if so cannot be less than 3,000 years old. This bracelet is, I believe, preserved among other relics of antiquity l>y our ""f'/H museum. In connection with the trinket, and for the benefit of these of my reader* who may hare forgotten that part of the Grecian history ?which refers to the hero mentioned above, I venture to give the fol lowing information, without of course in tending the least reflection upon any one's knowledge. Agamemnon was King of Argos and Mycetue, and husband of the faithiesH beauty Clytemnestra. He was also the brother of Menelaus, who married the equally depraved but still more beautiful Helen, who was aiater to Clytamnestea, both bains; daughters of the reigning King of Spans,. The latter by her mis conduct occasioned all the disasters which befel the Greeks in the subsequent Trojan wan. Agamemnon was murdered by his wife, who presented him with ? tonic the sleeves of which she had carefully sewn together. Trying to discover the way into the garment Agamemnon was taken at a disadvantage, and bis embarrassing situa tion enabled Clytemneetra to dispatch her husband with a hatchet. Passing Duclo's famous sweetmeat shop a short time since, and stopping to look in at the windows (.fox a season), I came to i\\\AMTwln?Jnn t-tmirimpn-irpiaa-iR-jl/4??wjjW) bands. Judging by the exhibition of larks, quails, and other wild birds, together with a liberal display of hares, I very reasonably concluded*that a poulterer Teas doing busi ness within. A second look convinced me of my mistake, for the birds, however natural their appearsnce£were but stuffed effigies, one being fixed severally on the top of various wickerwork receptacles for sweets; the lids of these being partially open revealed the closely-packed bonbons I lying therein. On the top of one basket sat a wild duck surrounded with reeds, as if for her nest; on another a bird with extended ! wings was poised as if for night; other small effigies lay breast upward, as if just shot down by the destroyer'shand. The Bight waa not pleasing, and the connection between comlits and dead game perplexed me, but the presence of the hares puzzled me most. Tifriikfi in their proportions, they lay about in every attitude suggestive of dissolution. Conjecture having failed to give me any clue as to their possible use, I made the enquiry, and heard with surprise that puss also was intended as a vehicle for comfits. The prepared skins I saw were not stuffed, the purchaser being left to select the filling from among those sugared delicacies with which the puce abounds. Now there are certain associations connected with dead game which I consider the reverse of appetising, and when eating it cooked I always en deavor to shut the door of memory upon any anterior knowledge linked with the dish and prier to its appearance on the dinner-table. But with pussy's skin de monstrably before my eyes, and her internal arrangements substituted by bonbons, disagreeable reflections would be quite unavoidable, and drawn from such a recep tacle I am sure I should lose all relish for Duclo's famous confectionery. lam told a harmless deception, practised during the present game season, Is to send one of these hares so packed as to represent a real present of game. To the adult members of the family investigation may prove disappointing, but juvenile recipients are sure to be delighted with such a gift Its novelty would charm, and with child hood's voracious and indisciiminating appe tite for goodies a nice perception of nauseating surroundings need not be looked for. Not, however, that the love of con fectionery is exclusively confined to chil dren. I know a great many grown-up babies— i.e., if a love of sweetmeats is to be the test applied as significant of the earlier stages of existence only. Sidney Smith recommends, in conjunction with a sim mering tea-kettle and a bright fire, that a paper of sugar plums be kept on the mantelshelf as an additional aid to cheerfulness and good humor. The newest bonfconnieree are in .the shape of disre putable old shoes, such as the tramp leaves discarded on the highways and hedges as no longer capable of affording protection to his Dedal extremities. And here again I cou lees Ido not think reflection is likely to give zest to an appetite for the contents of the duplicates. I copy with an acknowledgment the following interesting account of the obse quies of the late President. I have abridged it, however, to suit the space at my com mand. " Before the coffin was taken from Washington all the floral decorations were removed from it with the exception of that presented on behalf of the Queen—a large ?ad exqtaato^neath of white roses, srailax, and stephanotea. A card attached bore this inscription, ? Queen Victoria to the memory rf the late President Garfield; an expres sion of her Borrow and sympathy with Mrs. Garfield and the American nation.' The funeral car was drawn by twelve black horses, draped in black, with white plumes, and led by six negroes. Mrs. Gartield, accompanied by her late husband's mother and her fire children, followed in procession. Twelve pall-bearers walked alongside the car, which was an elaborate construction, covered with black draperies bordered with silver fringe and relieved with folds of white silk. The *casket' (a new name substituted for the more ghastly and eiig geetive coffin) had silver handles. It was lined with white aatin, and across the lid were two long' palm leaves crossing each other. The body was laid in the vault amidst expressions of the deepest sorrow, the steps to the mausoleum being covered with dowers. The 'casket' was enclosed in an iron cape and surrounded with a wall of cement sufficiently strong to prevent any attempt to remove it." Among those who have written letters of condolence to the widow I may mention Mr. Alfred Tennyson and the Archbishop of Canterbury. In London on the day of interment the drivers of vehicles testified their respect to the memory of the late President by attaching fragments of crape to the handles of their whips; and many tradesmen, not only in London bat elsewhere, draped their windows with crape or black cloth, and partially closed their shops in token of sympathy. I noticed one shop draped with black with this inscription wrought in white flower*, "In memory of Abeam Garfield, Christian man and conscientious statesman." There are few ancient houses which do not possess some uncanny resident in the shape of a ghost, who never appears but to presage misfortune, death, or disaster in the family to which it may be said to belong. We all remember now the step on the ghost's walk at Chesney Wold foreboded dishonor to the lofty Sir Lei cester Dediock, baronet; and here, not in fiction, but as a fact, comes the story of the " Drummer of the Airlie family/ It is authentically stated that & few days previous to the very sudden and unex pected death of the late Earl of Airlie, who expired at Denver, Americn, whilst on a visit to that city, the fatal visitant was distinctly heard by seven! members of the family beating his spectral drum ?with a weird energy never practised un less the head of the house be threatened, and old retainers affirm that the sorrowful news of the earl's decease did not find them unprepared. 