NEWS AND NOTES. A serious riot has taken place at Clogher, county Tyrone, Ireland, where a process of eviction was being carried through. The police, after being frequently rushed by the mob, fired at the rioters, killing two and wonhdiDg many others. Earl Beaconsfield waß reported on Monday to be not materially worse. The Qreek Government has sent a circular note to the Great Powers, justifying their determina tion not to accept the termß offered by Turkey unless they include the cession of the town and district of Preveza. We learn that arrangements have been.made by the ; railway 'officials in Ballarat, by which all the requirements of the exoursioniats to day and to-morrow will be met: The first of the new series of excursions to the Melbourne Exhibition will start to day. The whole of the tickets for to-day's trip have been disposed of, but we believe some few re main for to-morrow's excursion. The follow ing telegram was received yesterday.afternoon by Mayor Robertßon from the traffic manager Victorian Railways:—“lf, when all the pre sent issue of Exhibition tiekets has been sold, it is found the demand Btill continues, another train will be arranged for Thursday.” Elsewhere will be- found a report of the selection of a aite for the cqmmencemont of boring operations on the Clover Hill Estate, which took place oh Monday. An examination of candidates desirous of presenting themselves for the “certificate of being sufficiently educated” was held at the Central State school Ho. 33 yesterday, - at 10 o'clock a.m. : , by Mr J. Holland, inspector of schools,; when about 160 pupils, including a goodly nurnbsr of girls from the various schools in the district, attended for examina tion. An interesting contingent of the assemblage was a group of eight boys from the Ballarat Reformatory. In due ■ course the result will be made known and • certificates forwarded for presentation to the successful candidates. A suggestion was made at the Corner yes terday, which was favourably received by a good many of the brokers, namely, that the City Council should clear away a space in the upper end of the Sturt street gardens block, in front of the Post-office, and erect an open mining exchange thereon, the brokers to pay each such a sum annually as would be deter mined upon for the accommodation afforded them. The Boyal Mail hotel, Warrenheip, was die disposed of by public auction yesterday, MrD. Cooke officiating as auctioneer, and realised the handsome Bum of £290. The movement for the formation of anew brewery company progresses, and we under stand that the company has numerous promises of support and co-operation. Enquiries were yesterday bejpg made with a view to obtain a site or premises for the operations of the com pany. A banquet to Mr J. J. Goller will take place at Craig’S Royal hotel, on Thursday, the 7th instant,.at 7-P-m.* We are requested to state that gentlemen wishing to attend the banquet,, and who may not have received tickets, should cilT on ■ or send to Mr John Permewan, Doveton street north, the hon. secretary. At the inquest held op Saturday touching ths death of Miobae] Rwypr, killed hy a fall of egrth m the mine of the Rietori Company Ores wick, the jury found that the deceased met his death by accident. The residents in Peel street, near the Main street, were much excited on Monday afternoon by the unusual Bight of a large boar hie rqnning HP towards Hunn'o forge from the back of Mr Williams’. A1 butchery establish, ment. The usual slaughterman being absent, some of the raw hands had undertaken to _ execute thppig, but as the animal had a otqaction to fee fe|lle fo fep a foore one 1 than' theV had anticipated. The p,g was penned up fo tho aRS tfee first man advanced towards ft armed with R poleaxe. It put down ita head, grunted ominously, and charged The executioner got outside of that smoking-room Z fl . unaooa ?tomed agility, and the nig walked round, gru_pt ( og defiance.' The next m»u peered m oaptipusly, anfl decided to pass nrnnn«pV n to th ° the number, who proposed a gun. The gun was procured, and were fired at the poor brute, piercing its neck. It got loose, out into tbe street, and ran towards tbe forge, the blood pouring from its wound. By this time a crowd of small boys and other idlers had collected, and the pig was run down opposite the forge, where it was killed by a few blows from a sledge hammer. Then the triumphant and courageous butchers took up the corpse of the enemy aud marched home, chanting a hymn of victory telling of the brave deed they had done, and of the wondrous strength and valour of the de ceased. The Neil street Mutual Improvement Asso ciation held its usual fortnightly meeting on Friday evening last. The president (Bev. A. Powell) occupied the chair. After the routine business had been . disposed : of, an excellent essay was read by Mr Waight; subject, “ B iptism of the Holy Ghost." An animated discussion followed, in which the essayist sus tained his views against the majority of mem bers and combatted many of their arguments successfully. Mr .Weight has promised to con tinue the subject. The next meeting will be held on next Friday, in lieu of Good Friday. . . . The Barkly street Mutual Improvement Asso ciation purposes this evening presenting the Bev. W. A Quick, president, with a valedic tory address. The address, which haß been very beautifully illuminated by Mr W. N. Lansley, Lydiard street, is enclosed in a French morocco album case, gold-lettered, and chaßtely decorated. The matter of getting up the address was entrusted to Mr E. Scar borough, the present secretary of the associa tion, and it certainly reflects credit on hiß good taste. The address is as follows; “ Reverend and dear sir,—We, the members of the Barkly street Mutual Improvement Association, Ballarat East, cannot allow you to depart without expressing our highest esteem and respect for you as president, and there fore request your acceptance of this memento, earnestly praying that your new field of labour may under God’s blessing tend to the happi ness of yourself and family, and the spiritual welfare of those whom you may have tinder your charge.—We are, reverend and dear eir, on behalf of the association, —John Bell, B. M. M'GBzdon, Vice-Presidents; John Bos- SENOE, Secretary. Ballarat, sth April, 1881.” The. following brief but significant colloquy took place at the Corner yesterday between two prominent brokers George, looking with self- complacency—" Well, Harry, down from Bendigo ?” : Harry—“ Oh, yes, I’ve had enough of Bendigo.” . .George—“ Well, I'm blowed. it you hadn't come quick. I-would have scut up my donkey to carry down your duffiog scrip.” The brokers began to gather round, and the colloquy ended. Those who have addpted.the habit of reading in bed will bB gratified to - hear that an inven tion is reported from Turin which will render them independent of candle, lamp, or gaslight.- The invention consists in the application of light-giving materials in printing ink, by. which print becomes luminous in the dark, so that in future it will be possible to read at night, in bed, or during a journey, without the .assist ance of candle or lamp. Anew daily paper, in which this luminous material will be used, is, it is said, about to be published at Turin. Owing to unavoidable delays in British ex hibitors' jury award appeals, Sir Herbert Sandford has deferred his departure .till the 10th May, by the Orient steamship Liguria. The banquet to Mr Joseph “English, of Cres wick, is to take place at Biordan’s American hotel, on Thursday next, at 7 p.m. The steam fire-engine of the City Fire Brigade will be tried this evening, at 6 o'clock at the fire station, Sturt street. . The Christian Colonist of 4th Maroh, an Adelaide undenooiunational religious journal, contains a very tastefully written sketch by “ Silverpen,” the signature oj a writer well known in the Ballarat press. The subject is entitled. Only a little child's grave,” and is dealt with in imitation of Fanny Fern’s style. .. The new lamp- pillar in Lydiard street' was placed in position yesterday, and will be lighted for the first time' to-night.’ ' There can' be’ no doubt of the succesiTof" the lamp for illumi nating purposes, .whatever difference of opinion may exist as to'its site, as it will' give a light equal to four hundred candles. The lamp now fixed in Armstrong street. is of two. hundred candle power. : A little boy named Joseph. Bent, an orphan child, who' resides with Mrs Fyne, Brown Hill, was admitted into the Hospital late on Sunday night Buffering from injuries ' to his face and right arm, caused by the. explosion of a flask of gunpowder. From what could be gleaned from the little sufferer’s statement, it seems that he had gone to the Gong Gong to gather mushrooms, and while there went into a paddook, where he espied a powder flask lying on a dray. He forthwith, as a matter of coursei appropriated the attractive article, and then went into another paddock, where he soon "foregathered” with a boy, who supplied him with a match; and it was not long afterwards till the flask of powder, exploded, inflicting the injuries mentioned. The little fellow’s face is severely burnt, but fortunately his eyesight has escaped unhurt, at : least it ia thought ao at present. A number of people, whose names we could not : learn, showed the greatest possible kindness to the little sufferer after the accident took place, and eventually Mrs 'Fyne brought him to the Hospital. On Tuesday last a trotting match was partially arranged between the well-known trotters Tommy and Charley for £SO a-eide, to come off yesterday; but the owner.of Charley did not, wo, are informed, oome for ward with hia money, and consequently the match was off. CharleyV owner will conse quently forfeit his deposit money, £5. The anniversary tea and public meeting of the Peel street United Methodist Church took place yesterday evening, and the congregation availed themselves of the occasion to give a hearty reception to their new minister, the Bev. E. Turner, of .Brisbane. Mr Turner preached on Sunday morning and evening, and the Bev. A Powell preached the afternoon Bermon. At the tea meeting Mesdames Tolli day, Li Roberts, J. Roberts, Mitchell, Trease, and the. Misses Mitchell (2), Roberts (3), Inglia, and assistants dispensed the refreshing beverage to a numerous company. The tea was provided by the ladies of the oaugregation. The public meeting was subsequently held in the church, Mr John James, M.L.A, presiding, when suitable addresses were delivered by the Reve. J..W. Inglis, G. Vi. Harrison, A. Powell, E. Turner, Mr \V. T. Dimsey, and other friends. During the evening, at intervals, there were some good musical selections ren dered, and the event throughout was regarded by the members of ’the oongregation as very successful. An iuquest was held yesterday at the Dis trict Hospital upon the body of William John Padfield, whose death -occurred in . that insti tution on Saturday, and was caused by injuries accidentally received in tbe claim of tbe Fiery Creek Company, at Raglan, on the 15th March laat. - The particulars of the occurrence were detailed in our columns at the time of the accident. Padfield was working at the brace, and forgetful of the fact that the enge was above him, leaned over and shouted down the iihaft to his mateß to come up. Whilst leaning'over, the cage came down, and Btruck him on the head, iuflictiDg severe injuries,- to which he succumbed. The jury found a verdict in accordance with the facta.(detailed, adding that the accident was ognßed by the negligence of deceased himself. . . , Avery audden death occurred on Saturday night at about 8 o’clock at the 'Weatherboard to a. young man about eighteen- years -old named William Connolly. 'He waa a native of India, and had - been Bubjeot to epileptic fits from infancy, during one of which he expired at the time above stated. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes;- “I regret that I have to report that Mr Ramp ling, jun., a respected resident of Newtown whilst engaged in his house filling op a census paper on Saturday, last, was taken suddenly ill, and shortly afterwards threw up a quantity of blood.- Dr Jordan was imme diately sent for, and, pygnsnmded the cause of tge hemorrhage to be the bursting of a blood vessel.. in . the Stomach, and prescribed the necessary remedies. I am glad to learn, to-day that Mr Rampling is considerably better.” : / ' Avery painful ucoident happened oh Satur day last (writes our Smythesdale . corres pondent) to a boy named John Gray, nine years of ago, at Preston’s Hill, Carngham. Whilst engaged driving a load of wood seated on the top, young Gray by some means fell to: the ground with considerable violence, breaking his left thigh bpne. Mr Stewart was im-, mediately sent for, and under that gentle man's shilfql treatment, the lad ia progressing ae fayoprably as could be expected under the pircumstancas. A wager of a somewhat unusual nature was (says the P. ,0. News) laid on Saturday in the bar of Cranston’s Star hotel. Two friends were having a “qip”. of hrandy, when a fly in one of the glasses lying I motionless on top of tho liquor, A debate ensued as to whether the. fly' wgs drunk or dead, when one the friends offered to. bat the other £1 apd three drinks that he would take the insect in hand- and make him' fly ‘away in fifteen minutes. The wager was . accepted, tha money laid down on the counter, and oDen tioua commenced at once. The wagerer wt, had undertaken the cure atruck a match and waved it elowly over the fly, thut drying th! liquor from Ha wings. Taking it in hia hand, the warmth further re-nvedlthe insect, which forthwith crawled up the aleeve of hia coat On being agam placed in the palm of the eiDeri mentalut’s hand the “subject”flew The money was pocketed by the winnsr the liquor drunk, and the friends separate? one of them having received a lesson in' natural hutory which should be remembered by him* u Our Learmonth correspondent writes .“ The Bkeleton of a human being was found on the. sand close to Lake Burrumbeet on Sunday evening. The Bkull was found on ths Burfaoe, and on further Bearch all the bones were unearthed close to the same place. Tha police were communicated with on the matter and it ie expected that an enquiry will be held! It is said that at the place where the skeleton was found was formerly a camping-ground for blackfellows, and it is surmised that this is the remains of one of the roving tribes." . On Saturday afternoon (say ß the Qedrna Advertiser) Mr Southey, the acting station, master, nearly fell under the wheels of one of the railway carriages as the mid-daytrain from Melbourne approached the Btation. He was walking along the coping of the platform, when a cabman named Lyons, who was running alongside the train touting for passengers ran against Mr Southey, who fell on to the Bide of one of the carriages, and almost between the wheels and the platform. The escape was a very narrow one. A special cablegram io the Argus states that the Boers are plundering the inhabitants of the Transvall who during the recent war remained loyal to the British Crown. Ths difficulties in dealing with the native tribes in Basutoland are increasing. Communications are now passing between the Governments of the various colonies on the subject of the quarantine regulations to be adopted with regard to imported stock. It is suggested (says the Argus) that a conference of inspectors of stock should be held, and this step will probably be decided upon. The Chief Secretary of Tasmania telegraphed to Mr Berry on Saturday that while his colony cannot be represented he undertakes to be bound by the result of the proceedings. The Geelong Advertiser reports that “when passing the lightship off Williamstown oa Saturday afternoon, oh her way to Geelong, the steamer Alert was run into by a yacht supposed to be the Janet. There was a yacht race on at the time, and, through some error of judgment oa the part of those oa board the sailing vessel, the steamer was Btruck amid, ships by the yacht. The end of the iron railing on the bridge of the Alert was broken off, and the jibboom of the yacht was carritd away. The yacht continued in the race, as. parently no other damage having been bus. tained." A walking match took place on the Cone Cricket Ground on Saturday afternom (reportß the Advertiser) between M. Cann, of Geelong, and J. Raynor, of Melbourne. The distance was 21 miles, and tbe prize £25 a aide. Baynor received one mile start in ths race, but before he had covered 12 miles 1b was easily overtaken by Cann, who won as b liked. Cann walked 7 miles in 58 min., 10 miles in 1 hour 22 min, 15 sec., and the 21 miles in 3 hours 1 min. 15 sec. The danger of sleeping in rooms withon; ascertaining the gas-fittings to be in good order was (says th e Argus) exemplified by a cars which occurred on Sunday. A cigar makei, named Solomon Friedmann, residing h Cardigan street, Carlton, went to Bleep in i room in.which the gas was turned on, and when he was found he was discovered to be ineenßible. He was removed to the Melbourne Hospital for treatment, but at a late hour oa Sunday night he could not be pronounced out of danger. :. It is seldom that a sluggish, peacefuMookiag animal like the donkey is charged with attack ing a man without provocation in tbe most vicious manner. An instance of this, however, occurred on Sunday afternoon at the Boyal Park. An old man named David Beid (reports the Age), while passing a grazing paddock near the Flemington road, was chased by a donkey inside it. At first he tried to keep it off, but the donkey attacked him in a fierce manner. It knocked the old man down with its fora feet and then commenced biting him every, where. It first bit him in the face and nearly tore, the unfortunate msn’s jaw off. It then commenced biting tbe lower parts of his body, and had it not been that soma persons going past noticed the occurrence, and drove the animal away, the poor old man would have baen killed. Beid was admitted to the HO9. pital, where he lies in a precarious con* dition. Either some alteration will have to be mads in the present arrangements for teaching sing, ing in State schools, or else tbe Government Bhonld give over tbe pretence of teaching it. The arrangements now obtaining (says thq P. C.News)sxe simply a farce. Under ths existing style of things the teacher stationed at Ballarat is supposed to teach in all tbs principal, sohools' between Ballarat and Hor sham. That he can do justice to himself, or impart even the knowledge, of tbe barest rudi ments of music to the children, i3 a matter of sheer impossibility,'and tha sooner the Govern ment recognise the fact the better. The visits are necessarily so few and far between that tbs children forget by the time the next lesson comeß round what they learnt at the former one. It is now, we are informed, a month since Mr Bennie waa in Staweli giving a musio lesson. He is at present coaching tbe children attending the Ballarat schools for a concert which is to be given there this week. From that time till the time of his next visit a fort night will elapse, so that the Staweli children will have been for seven weeks without a les son from the singiog master. To expect them to make progress under Bucfi a system is absurd. Either tbe Government intend teaoh iDg singing in State eohoole or they do not. If they do they should adopt a Bystem under which the money would be well spent, because of the benefit to the children; at present it is simply thrown away. If they do not intend to teaoh it they should let the public know their decision. A melancholy suioide occurred in Little Collins street on Sunday morning, when Mrs Elizabeth Petrovits, wife of Paul Petrovits, an artist, residing at Messrs Bilubner and Sons' hat and cap factory, 118 and 150 Little Collios street east, shot herself with a pistoL De ceased, who was married in America about eleven years ago, was twenty-eight years of age, her husband being many years older. They appeared (reports tha Argus) to livs happily together, hut for the last five years Mr Petrovits had been paralysed and unable to (la anything for himself. They had been living with Mr Buchner for the past nine months, and no indication of aberration of intellect had been observed on the part of tho deceased, Beeently, however, her husband had been un-. usually unwell, aud his medical attendant had informed the deceased that he might drop dead at any moment. This appeared to prey upon her mind, and she had been heard to remark that sho would “- far rather die first" than b« left behind. On Saturday night sba retired to rest as usual, in apparently good spirits, and pabsed the night q.nelly. On Sun day morning she arose at abqut 7 o'clock, aud her husband, while washing himself, heard a slight report, and turning round, saw his wife fall. A revolver, which ha had. kept loaded in his room for fourteen years, was in her hand,’ and it waa seen that she had shot herself through the brain. Mr Arthur Bucher at ones ran and obtained th a service* 0 £ jj r p-jaber, who pronounced the wound to be fatal. igeivig ■till living the woman was removed to t£si Hospital, where she lingered qqtil the evening, when she expired while iq an unconscious con dition. Deceased is supposed tq have com mitted the rash act during a fit of temporary insanity. " . A daring burglary was (reports the Argus) perpetrated between 0 o’clock on Saturday night and 8 o’olock on Sunday evening, on tbe premises of Mr J. B. Webster, watchmaker and jeweller, of 103 Swanston Btreet. The shop was, Mr Webster states, seourely fastened up on Saturday night, and the gas, enabling the watohman to survey the Interior of the shop, was left burning as usual. Nothing unusual waa.. observed until Sunday evening, when Mr George Humphries, an assistant for years id Mr Webster’s employ, on bis home, stayed to examine the locks and see that everything was safe., On feeling for tha pad. lock securing the outer shatters he found that it was.gone, and that the lock* of the entrance wicket had been prized off, Jfe at once went for the police,, and oq the premises being entered it was found that a burglary, cleverly conceived, bad been coolly oarried out. -Having: obtained an entrance to the outer door of the shop, the burglars had oalled tools well adapted for the work into tha requisition, and had cut out a pane of tha door (a solid wooden one) communicating with the window; The opening go mode was, however, neoessarily small, and a boy must have been employed in the work. The burglars removed the major portion of the goods in the -window, comprising some vQ silver watches, 15. gold watohes, and a great number of heavy gold albert chaiw, louiea fancy rings, gentlemen’s signet rings, _ gold breastpins; charms, pendants, and other, jewel lery. walued in the aggregate at between £BOO and £IOOO. The matter is now in the hands of Detectives O’Callaghan and Nixen, but at present no clue has been obtained to the offenders. Sowing operations ara now (reports the Past Charlton Tribune) in full Bwing at \- Wooroonooke, and will doubtless soon extend throughout the neighbourhood, as the recent rains have greatly facilitated ploughing. The meeting of electors held in the Town Hall at Hotham on Saturday night, to hear Mr Quinlan’s expression of his political opinions, notwithstanding the shameful scene of the night previous, was (says the Telegraph) of the most exemplary orderliness. About 500 people were present, and the candidate’s utterances were attentively listened to. Cheers and applause at the finish of every Bubject of pubbo im portance dealt with by Mr Quinlan, greeted the speaker, and a unanimous vote of confidence, was accorded him at the termination of the meeting. The Land Act, taxation,, reform, public works, free selection, and railways,-fur nished the subjects for Mr Quinlan’s discourse, and all these topics were succinctly and pithily dealt with. Mr Kelly, who seconded the vote of confidence motion, confessed to being a liberal of the most pronounced type, and rig. nified his intention of supporting Mr Quinlan “ tooth and nail,” exhorting, at the same time, the North Melbourne electors to do likewise. This announcement was received with tumul tuous applause. Upon the whole, the recep tion given Mr Quinlan may be summed up as having been extremely flattering. A journey of 600 miles across country with a well-laden wheelbarrow is (says the Forbes Times) no light undertaking, and yet a pluoky old fellow commenced such a journey the other day from Forbes. ; -He ;was a plumber and tinsmith, and started for the diggings at Mount Browne with a complete “rig out,” including his tools of trade, personal effects, &e.; On his barrow he had a small water-tank, holding sufficient water tp last two or three days (a very indispensable equipment in the country he intends travelling over), a plumber’s stove, and several other tolerably weighty articles, including 30 pounds of solder— weighing altogether not far short of 2 cwt. “ Old Jack ”is a character in his way. He is a Scotchman, with plenty of independence and powers of endurance, and knows his way about as well as most men. The Christian Advocate, published in Ade laide, announces the resignation by the Rev. John M’Neil of his charge of the Belalie Pres byterian Church in South Australia. The journal refers in the most flattering terms to the success of Mr M‘Neil’s mission services. The gentleman in question will be remembered by folk here as “ a Ballarat boy.” 