CONFIRMATION. Befobk concluding our remarks on this subject we have to deal with two further objections, the first of which is, ' ' The confirmation vow cannot befully kept, and therefore should not be made.' Here we must again remind our readers that these articles are not intended for infidels or sceptics, but for those who (while acknowledging the Bible as the true Word of God, and professing themselves anxious to make it their rule of life) object to the rite of confirmation for one or more of the reasons herein mentioned. And if such a one were to make the above objection, he might fairly be told to ask himself this question : Am I, by holding back from the public profession required at confirmation, in a better position than if I were to come forward and make it? Am I less responsible for my conduct? Am . I more at liberty to disbelieve God's promises, to despise His ? warnings, and to break His commandments? To this the obvious answer is ' Certainly not.' You cannot remain any longer a child, for whose actions others may be made answerable. You are now of an age to choose for yourself what you will do and what you will avoid, and you have from childhood possessed ample materials to assist you in making that choice. In the Bible (the revelation of the mind of the Creator towards us His creatures) what we should do and what we should avoid is set down in very plain words. Righteousness, which may be described in general terms as consisting . in truth, purity, and good-will to men, our Maker approves ; while unrighteousness— i.e., deceit, impurity, and ill-will to men — He abhors. Every adult person, then, who knows this much, is bound to act upon Mb knowledge. He must choose whether he will follow after righteousness, or give himself up to be the servant of sin ; and if he makes a wrong choice he must bear the consequences. A refusal to acknowledge oneself bound to believe God's truth, and to keep His commandments, cannot free any Christian who has come to years of understanding from his obligation to do these things. The words of John the Baptist, who came to prepare the way for Christ, are very plain regarding the necessity of faith. ' He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life ; and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life.' Then as regards obedience and holiness, the New Testa ment is full of exhortations to them. ' This is the love of God, that we keep his commandments.' ' Shall we continue in sin that grace may abound? God forbid 1 How shall we that are dead to sin live any longer therein ? Know ye not that so many of us as were baptised into Jesus Christ were baptised into His death ? Therefore we are buried with Him by baptism into death ; that, like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life.' 'What! know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own ? For ye are bought with a price ; therefore glorify God in your body and in your spirit, which are God's.' Is it possible for any one who has been baptised and instructed in the faith and duty of a Christian to say or do anything which can make his obligations to believe in Christ and to keep the commandments of God stronger than they are already made by the verses above quoted ? And since every such person is already bound to believe God's truth and to obey His commands, why should not each and all of them publicly recognise this fact ? This, and no more than this, is the confirmation vow. Candidates, in the presence of God and the assembled congregation, acknowledge themselves bound to believe the one and to do the other. They create no new obligations ; they simply confess and assent to those by which they are in any case bound. Then, with respect to the making of a solemn promise which cannot be fully kept, and the opinion of God Himself on the subject, we find a remarkable example in Deuteronomy v. Moses there reminds the people of the exciting and awe-inspiring circumstances which accompanied the giving of the law, and of their fear of approaching the holy mount. He reminds them that in consequence of this fear they said to him — ' Go thou near, and hear all that the Lord our God shall say ; and speak thou unto us all that the Lord our God shall speak unto thee ; and we will hear it and do it,' Here we find an unconditional promise to do they knew not what, made by the Israelites in a moment of strong excitement, and immediately afterwards we find the verdict pronounced upon it, i as recorded by Moses—' The Lord heard the voice of your words when ye spake unto me ; and the Lord said unto me, I have heard the voice of the words of this people, which they have spoken unto thee ; they have ivell said all that they have spoken. O that there were such an heart in them that they would fear Me, and keep all My commandments always, that it might be well with them and with their children for ever.' Now, if He, who knew before hand that the people would not, and could not, keep perfectly all the commandments He was about to give them, said, never theless, that in all the words of their promise they had well spoken, surely He would say the same of all who now come forward, and promise that, by the grace of God, they will evermore try to observe the vows to which they are publicly assenting. .What He praised as right we dare not pronounce to be wrong. Indeed, the knowledge that one cannot fully and at all times keep God's commandments should be a very strong inducement to every well disposed young person who feels his weakness in this respect to present himself for confirmation. For, by so doing, he shows that he is determined to do the best he can, instead of giving up in despair, like a faint-hearted coward ; and that (while determining to do his best) he does not rely on himself alone, but solemnly and earnestly I seeks the help of Him whose strength is made perfect in weakness. I The last objection of which we shall speak is the following : — ' It j is superstitious to expect that a Bishop's hand will convey a blessing.' j Here we may make a general remark respecting superstition. It is a I well-known fact that many of those who are most incredulous con- 1 cerning the truths of revelation are, at the same time, absurdly 1 credulous concerning various foolish notions which men who 1 are either deceivers or deceived present with an air of I authority for acceptance by their fellow- men. It is usually | from persons of this class that fortune-tellers, Spiritualists, | and the like, recruit their followers. This is so notorious that a I well-known scientific man is reported to have lately said of a 1 lady with whom he was acquainted : — ' She will believe anything if I it is not in the Bible.' To come, however, to the particular practice I condemned as superstitious. If there were anything superstitious in I the laying on of hands as a solemn form of dedication or blessing, it m is not likely that holy men of old, such as Melchizedek, Isaac, Moses, j| &c;, would have practised it. Or, supposing them to ba in error, whf' m shall we say of our Lord and His apostles 1 Would the former have m laid'His hands on little children, and the latter on baptised converts, if §} they thought that by so doing they might encourage superstition ? 1 Surely not. Laying on of hands must have been intended therefore | to serve some good purpose or we should not find such warrants for its | use. What purpose, then, may we expect it to serve in connection with I confirmation 1 We may first lay down the principle that Christians i baptised in infancy should afterwards be invited to avow their free consent to the engagements then made for them, and thus to complete - and realise their admission into the Church militant here on earth. \ To such an arrangement no sensible person could object ; and some thing of the kind is practised in various nonconforming religious communities. The mere fact of our having a certain form of admis sion to full Church-fellowship cannot be objected to ; and therefore the objection, if there be any, must lie against the kind of form used. Is ours, then, unscriptural 1 Is ifc wrong that adults should be admitted to full membership of the Church by one of its chief officers — a representative of the apostles in the pastoral part of their office ? and that this chief officer should then pray for special gifts I of the Holy Ghost on behalf of each candidate presented to him 1 i We read in the eighth chapter of the book of Acts that Philip the |i evangelist, one of the seven deacons, went to Samaria, and preached I; Christ to the people, and they believed what he said to them ' con- 1.1 cerning the kingdom of God and the name of Jesus Christ ; and they jj were baptised, both men and women.' Thus a good work was begun §1 in them ; but ifc was not left to Philip to complete it, for we read in the If fourteenth verse — ' Now, when the apostles which were at Jerusalem I] heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent unto I] them Peter and John, who, when they were come, prayed for them 1 that they might receive the Holy Ghost. Then laid they their hands i upon them, and they received the Holy Ghost.' In this case we see I that the deacon baptised, but the apostles confirmed, and they did so by I laying on of hands accompanied with prayer. Again, in the nineteenth i chapter, we learn that St. Paul found at Ephesus certain disciples who had only been baptised with the baptism of John ; and on his showing them that John's was merely a baptism of repentance, intended to lead to faith in Christ, whose way he was preparing, ' ' they were baptised in the name of the Lord Jesus.' Then followed the laying I on of hands. 'When Paul had laid his hands on them, the Holy ; Ghost came on them ; and they spake with tongues and prophesied.' Clearly, then, it is a scriptural and apostolic practice for Bishops to lay their hands on those who have been already baptised, and it would El appear from the sixth chapter of the Epistle to the Hebrews that I confirmation in this form was a regular rite of the early Church ; for h it is there mentioned, under the name of ' laying on of hands,' in a I list of elementary practices and doctrines which are intended to serve j as foundations on which the higher truths of Christianity may be built. In this list confirmation is preceded by repentance, faith, and baptism, and is followed by resurrection and judgment. It is quite true that no Bishop has in himself any inherent virtue, but neither, had any apostle. Men can but give what they receive ; but, at the. same time, we have good warrant for believing that the hands of the Bishop are, like the hands of the apostle, made the means of conveying the Spirit in varying measure to those on whom they are laid, in answer to the prayers of the Bishop, the candidates, and the congregation. And for the sake of those who do not admit the truth of the foregoing statements, we would conclude by pointing out an additional reason for preserving the apostolic custom of laying on of hands, which is suggested by a prayer in our confirmation ser vice, where the Bishop, after having laid his hands on each candidate, and prayed for him or her individually, says to our Father in heaven, with respect to all candidates collectively — ' Let Thy Fatherly hand, we beseech Thee, ever be over them.' By these words each one who has on that occasion publicly acknowledged himself as one of God's children is reminded that the hand of his Father in heaven is always ready to supply the wants of His faithful sons and daughters and to protect them from evil ; and, also, that the same hand will, when necessary, be over them to chasten them, not for His pleasure, but for their profit, that they may be partakers of His holiness. Surely, even if we had none of the other good and scriptural reasons men tioned in favour of 'laying on hands,' we could not afford to dispense with a custom suggestive of such associations as these. If instead of giving heed to ignorant, thoughtless objections against the rite of confirmation, all members of our Church were diligently to study its meaning and use, and teach these things to their chil dren, the cause of true religion would be inconceivably strengthened, and multitudes of young persons who are confirmed from year to year would be able to repeat with the utmost truth the psalmist's words — ' Thou hast given me the defence of Thy salvation ; Thy right hand, also, shall hold me up, and Thy loving correction shall make me great.' 