Uta sine Uteri* wort c*t. BLACKALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2,1881. " WHAT is it that fetters the heels of a young country and bangs like a ' poke' around Its neck ? What retards the cultivation of its soil and development of its natural resources ?-the high price of labor. Well, what is a railroad? The substitution of mechanical for human and animal labor, on a scale as grand as our great country. Labor i6 dear here and cheap in Europe. A rail road is therefore comparatively no man ner of use to them to what it is to us it docs wonders there, but it works miracles here. To us it is river, bridge, road, and canal all in one. It saves what wo haven't got to spare-men, horses, carts, vessels, barges, and what's oil in all-time." Wc make no apology for quoting SAM SLICK in Australia. The worthy clockmakcr's aphorisms are no less applicable to this country than British possessions across the Atlantic. Any astute American, if be travelled through this country, would say of it as of the Nova Scotiau colony, that a new country is never too young for improve ment, it must push on and keep moving to go ahead. A progressive policy is what we re quire. We have stood still quite long enough to make our inland and outside trade stagnant. The Governments of previous years have expended time and money to very little purpose, the progress of the country, email as it is, being due more to the natural advantages of the country than to any efforts made by Governments to open up the country by the only means which can be employed. Millions of money have been spent 111 unproductive works about the const towns and cities instead of facilitating the means of transport into the interior, and utilising the grand scope of country which makes Queensland the largest and most important colony of the Aus tralian group. Other countries are intersected with navigable rivers, canals, and other convenient means of transport which nature denies to us, and therefore of all places in the world it is here wc slionld introduce the line of rails. Spending the revenue of the country in ornamenting the cities with public build ings, and tusking expensive fon.de like a network to every little village within fifty miles of the metropolis, is a clear waste of money in a young country. It is as if a farmer settling upon his land spent all his capital in first building an ornamental villa and making a flower garden, leaving himself without the means of preparing his land for the crops upon which his futurcexisteuce depended. It is the country which supports the town, and while the country is neglected the town dccnys. Whatever the enemies of the present Government may say in disparagement of their policy, it can never be alleged that they are supine or unprogressive. What opposition has been offered to them is no more than the petty jealousy and iiBiTOtv<yi<RicAmtagoniEni to any thing bold and masterly, which is the characteristic of a party capable of originating nothing progressive on a large. scale. The Divisional Boards Act they opposed in a body because it freed the country from being burdened with a share in the cost of constructing and maintaining the thousand and one bribery roads in the Morcton districts ; the Mail Service they attempted to quash because all tlio coast ports and the country back from them was primarily coiivcniencej by it, while Brisbane and the Downs derived only a secondary benefit; and so with every measure leading to the benefit of the colony as apart from the metropolis. Fortunately for the colony the Ministry is firmly and patriotically supported by a large majority both in the House and out of it, and arc likely to retain it while they continue to push the colony ahead with the same skill and prudence they have hitherto exercised. By our telegrams this -week we learn that the House bas approved of the plans and extensions of the main lines of railway, and therefore wc presume nothing will now interfere with the rapid extension of the Central Railway to the 807-mile peg. This ought to satisfy the people ofRockbamptou, with a line only a few-miles worn the proposed transcontinental line, will have no diffi culty at any time in making the connec tion, which will draw all the western trade to the nearest port. Not that wc believe for a moment in the majority of the Rockhampton traders being unfavor ably disposed towards the Ministry for their transcontinental scheme. It bas been conclusively proved by the Liberal newspaper of Rockhampton that in spite of all its diatribes in denunciation of the iniquities of the Ministry, the wisest of the citizens made no public movement in antagonism to the proposed railway through the colony. On the contrary it seemed as if they possessed the com mon sense to understand tHht it was the intention of the Government, in carrying out their scheme, to make it as far as practicable of beneficial service to the whole country. It is in this light, wc all regard it. Small ? communities living and having their interests principally confined to the small towns scattered here and' there through the country, are not to suppose that the great good of the colony is to be subordinated to the private interest of every small holder of property who can see good in nothing which does not favorably affect his breeches pocket. Such a feeling is of course natural, and the individual cannot be blamed. But he must make the best of it. Business people in these outside townships, how ever, need have no dread of the future so for as slackness of trade is concerned. A railway passing through these inland towns from north to eoutli makes each place it touches at a dcp6t for the receipt and transmission of stores and produce to the district around it, and the vast western country outside. A railway also brings population, cheapens labor, enables the wttler to obtain a higher price for his wool and .other produce, and reduces the cost of his stores. It would be to ns what the Murray and Darling are to New South Wales and Victoria, only that the country outside of it, larger, richer, and quito as capable of settlement as the whole colony of Victoria, would be a perenninl source of custom to the large coastal towns con nected with it by branch lines. If this scheme is not matured; if the legislature do not cncouragc internal improvement, nor the investment of capital in the country, we go back to apathy, inaction, and poverty. The railways from the ports arc pushed slowly out by means of borrowed money, and increased taxes. The Parliament votes the public money for railways to suburban watering places, for dry docks, gothie school houses, iron bridges, which arc washed away in a few years, metro politan waterworks which never pay interest, volunteer masquerades, and Government pleasure steamers, while the couutry remains a half reclaimed wilderness. In session politicians rake up old grievances and defunct scandals instead of uniting as one man to-apply themselves sedulously to the furtherance of progressive measures affecting the country for which they legislate. To quote the shrewd American again: " If the Members of the House of As sembly instead of raising up ghosts and hobgoblins to frighten folks with, and to show what swordsmen they are, a cutting and a thrusting at phantoms that only exist in their own brains, would turn to heart and band aud devclopc the re sources of this fine country, facilitate the means of transport, promote .its internal improvements, and encourage its foreign trade, they would make it the richest and greatest colony of all (Australia)." 