The Storyteller. Jack the Bunyip-killer. AN EXTRAVAGANZA. (Continued from our Christmas Supplement.) VIII. BY C. H. BARTON. As soon as Jack Wonderly's eyes became accustomed to the gloom inside, he was struck with the peculiar shape and regularity of the sub- terranean vault. The floor was an even pavement of the universal sandstone, and sloped gently downwards into the impenetrable darkness of the background. The roof was nowhere higher than the full upward stretch of a tall man's arm, descending at the sides to less than half that height. The more central portion, so far as could be made out, seemed to slope back from the opening at the same downward angle as the floor, until the further descent of both was lost in obscurity. Although the depth of the cavity thus remained undefined, the width near the entrance was so considerable—probably not less than fifty or sixty feet—as to form a sufficiently spacious though disproportionately low apart ment. " This grotto of yours is more like the handi work of man than a natural cave," remarked Jack, leaning 0n his gun. " There you have exactly hit it," replied the recluse; "it is the handiwork of man—of untold generations who lived and died before our time. You shall see it more clearly. Now look !" and throwing an armful of dry stalks on some embers that lay smouldering in a chimney-like recess near the entrance, he quickly fanned the heap into a blaze. The effect was magical. As the fire blazed up, the whole expanse of low hanging roof, hitherto shaded in sombre gray, suddenly blossomed into a brilliant mosaic- work of diamonds and rubies. No fairy palace of Eastern fable over boasted more gorgeous adorn ment. The light of the dancing flame, reflected back from the vault, came charged with the glitter of a myriad crystalline facets, transfused and engrained with tracery of vivid carmine. " How beautiful !" exclaimed Jack, as the other silently watched the effect of the trans formation on his face. " I never saw anything like it before. What is the mineral ?" There was no reply to the question at first. The cave-dweller seemed to be weighing reasons and probabilities. At length, in an audible "aside," and with a slight infusion of staginess— so Jack thought—in his manner, he said: " And why not do him the good turn ? the thing is providential, as we used —ha! —to say in Sunday school ; and when may I get such another chance of being remembered as a benefactor by somebody." Then, turning to his visitor, he added (with more cheerfulness in his voice than he had yet shown): " Young man, overhead and around you is wealth enough to make you and yours independent for life. This part of the mountain is one compact mass of cinnabar, and it is free to be taken up and worked by anybody who chooses. Do you understand ?" Wonderly, too bewildered to realise the full import of this information to himself, remained silent. " It it yours by right of discovery," continued the other, " for I have no rights, say the hell hounds of police" (here he clenched his teeth and fist theatrically)—"and you can suppose what sort of answer would come from the Mining De partment to any application bearing my signa ture. And since the thing is not in my gift I can make no stipulations ; it is yours absolutely and without reserve, as soon as you choose to comply with the necessary forms. But there is something in your face assures me that my secret will be kept. Although they cannot touch me they hunt me from one refuge to another, and I am weary—o so weary! Too weary to live, but for the resolve not to indulge them by dying." Jack Wonderly shuddered. Despite a certain artificiality of manner, the man seemed so utterly woe-begone that he pitied him sincerely. " You will not betray me," continued the recluse, clasping his hands, and in a voice of deeper pathos than the occasion absolutely warranted; "you will give me time to com plete my plans and clear out for California, where I'm not known, and may, perhaps, be left to wear out my remaining days in peace." To hear this double-dyed murderer declaim of "peace" was enough to melt a harder heart than Jack Wonderly's. With the idea of cheering his host a little, he said, in his pleasantest manner: "I accept your bequest, rather on behalf of others, yourself included, than on my own. You shall not repent having trusted me, and we will find means to baffle this aimless and inhuman persecution, for which, whatever have been your crimes, there is no excuse." " The first kind word for years !" continued the other, with an extravagant display of emotion, hiding his face in his hands. "The first, the only, speech addressed to me since— since the trial, that allows me to feel not wholly excluded from human fellowship ! But come !" he added, wiping his eyes with some ostentation, "it is supper time, and you are perhaps tired and hungry enough to take pot-luck with even such as I am." Thus speaking, with a rather declamatory stress on the last few words, he replenished the fire, and, having slung over it a canful of water from the spring outside, produced from the recesses of a camp- oven meat and damper, both good enough to be discussed with keen relish by a hungry man. " I am thrown on my own resources to-day," he said, with an affectation of pleasantry intended to impress his guest with melancholy, but so overdone as to produce rather a comic effect than otherwise. "My usual housekeeper is away on a necessary errand, which to avoid attracting needless attention we discharge by turns." And in proof of his inde pendence of extraneous aid he at the same time spread an opossum rug for Jack to sit on, and tilled him out a pannikin of tea. Jack looked up at the speaker, who, by way of a practical admission that his room might with good reason be considered preferable to his company, had moved away with his portion of supper to the entrance of the cave, where he stood sipping his tea in the purpling light of sunset with an air of mock humility which would have been diverting but for the recol lection of the crimes that lay to his charge. " I tell the truth," he continued, noting the incredulous expression of the young man's face. " Abandoned wretch as they say I am, there is nevertheless one devoted mortal who calls me friend and brother. To be sure, he is only a Maori, but, Maori though he be, Ruatera is worth fifty thousand of your so- called respectable white men." The wrathful chord was again smitten, or so pretended, by the comparison, and as he gazed fiercely out into the fading daylight he looked the very ideal of a savage misanthrope. A sharp whistle from the gorge below inter- rupted the colloquy. The recluse replied with a corresponding signal, and presently the Maori, with a heavy load on his shoulders, came toiling up the rocky path. He was a square-built man, with black hair and olive complexion, and the mingled expression of cunning and distrust on his heavy features softened as he greeted his com panion, and changed to a look of unmixed sur prise as he became aware of the presence of a third person. "Aroha," said he, advancing towards the recluse and laying down his burden. " E hoa aroha," replied the latter, and the two men shook hands. Then followed a long conversation in the Maori tongue, during which Ruatera glanced un easily toward Wonderly, and seemed unable to come to any definite conclusion respecting him. " He thought you were only a spy like the rest," said the recluse, turning to Jack in ex planation ; " but I have put him at ease on that score. The poor fellow has never seen me on speaking terms with a soul besides himself, and can hardly realise this new experience." He then, while Ruatera was getting his own supper, pro ceeded to enlighten his visitor concerning the expedients by which they were enabled to sup port their dreary existence. By means of an old iron pot, a gun barrel, and some fire-clay out of one of the creeks, they had, it seems, contrived a rude kind of still. This was set up, so he said, in a part of the gorge to which dry wood out of the mallee scrub could be brought without much labor, and used to reduce to the metallic state the precious ore of the cavern. The process, according to his account, was slow and wasteful, but yielded quicksilver enough to supply, when converted into money, their daily wants. The product, run into stoppered bottles, was carried at rare intervals, and with many precautions against discovery, to the store of a not over- scrupulous " general dealer" in the outskirts of Dovedale. By-and-by the cave-dweller and his mate became more communicative. They informed Jack that they had accidentally come upon the cavern while in search of a hiding-place among the hills. On their taking possession, the blacks, who were accustomed to resort hither for the red pigment, and whose stone axes and hammers, busily plied for centuries, had mainly excavated the grotto, discontinued their visits. Combo, the witch- doctor, was the only exception. In virtue of his office he asserted a vested right in the sanctuary of whose mysteries he had so long officiated as the high priest ; in short, he showed every disposition to make himself, troublesome. " But Ruatora's medicine," continued the nar rator with a short laugh, "was a deal more powerful than Combo's. Ruatera was a tohunga karakia before he became, civilised and fit for the company of gentlemen like myself, and he knows a thing or two in working charms. So he gam moned Combo that he had made the cave and its neighborhood tapu, and that if he advanced up any of the gullies beyond a certain point Puyume would dry up his kidney fat, and cause him to die. As for the gorge down yonder, we didn't want him there at all, because of the re torting that goes on there, and its being our high road into town. So Ruatera rigged up an atua, or bogy, out of an old tree root, with a hideous mask like the idols in wahi tupus of his country—dingo teeth and staring eyes, and a wig of yuro wool stuck over with parrot feathers— and painted it with the devil's favorite colors, black and red. And when we had planted the ugly thing in a dark corner of the gorge it looked so uncanny that the boldest man who treads this earth would feel a bit scared if he came on it unexpectedly in such a place." Jack started in surprise. " You remember it, then," continued the other, eyeing him atten tively. " I guessed, when Ruatera saw the mare bolting with you towards the mallee, what had caused the mishap. Lucky that I was able to get timely notice of the accident conveyed to Dr. L'Estrange, and was also on the spot to render timely assistance when wanted." Jack cast a look of grateful astonishment on his entertainer, and was about to speak when the latter continued : "There's no need for compli ments ; it was all in my way, and I was not going to let a friend of the doctor's perish. The mare I knew would make for the road rather than face the dead mallee, so if you had been thrown, and perhaps hurt, they could not miss picking you up. Only I never thought it would turn out so seriously, or we would have managed differently and spared the young lady at least— beg pardon for mentioning her—some trouble and anxiety." Jack's bewilderment increased. Whence did this hunted criminal gain so accurate a know* ledge of his most intimate affairs ? The speaker noticed his surprise and continued: ' Combo keeps us informed of all that goes on. In fact without him to patrol the outskirts of the range we could not have existed. Poor devil! it is lucky for us that he thus hankers after a spot that he dares not approach, and luckier still that we hit upon so simple a method for keeping him at arm's length. Combo seen the atua? ' he added interrogatively, turning to Ruatera. The Maori smiled a grim smile. " Combo seen atua one time," he said, holding up a finger, " Combo never see more, kahore e kite ake, kahore ake." " We caught Combo sneaking about the mouth of the gorge one day," explained the other, "and having our shooting irons handy just made him walk up as far as the haunt of the bogie. He turned almost green with fright, and with a yell like a steam whistle was over our heads and into the mallee without waiting to take a second look. He won't come within a mile of the place now." " That accounts for his deserting me in the spinifex down yonder," remarked Wonderly. "Down where ?" asked the cave-dweller, whose turn it now was to look surprised. At a pool in the centre of the great hollow, which pool seemed to have a special interest for Combo, who tried very hard to prevent me from approaching it" Jack then recounted the ad venture with the yuro, the rock slide, and his impression that some monstrous reptile lay crushed under it The two cave-dwellers exchanged looks of in- telligence. " The new worm, Ruatera," said the elder one, choking with suppressed merriment; whereat Ruatera laughed till the cave rang again. " You and Combo and the yuro, between you, have put the stopper on any further improve- ment in our retorting apparatus, Mr. Wonderly. To think that after humping that heavy piece of machinery all the way from—never mind where, with the object of condensing the fumes better than was possible with a rusty gun barrel, it should be knocked into a cocked hat by a stupid old kangaroo !" "Natural result of planting still-worms in waterholes," suggested Jack. "Ay, and of setting traps for bunyip-hunters," added the recluse. And with some further interchange of banter the three oddly-assorted comrades composed themselves to sleep. IX. Jack Wonderly slept the sleep of the weary just. No gibbering ghost nor vision of mid- night crime disturbed his rest in the murderer's cave. If he dreamed at all, it was to find him self gazing into the waters of the haunted lake, out of whose glassy depths rose, soft and en thralling, the siren's song. Overcome by the wiles of the tuneful water-fay, whose sea-green tresses, waving with snake-like motion ware luring him to destruction, he ceased to struggle against the potent charm that drew him irre sistibly downwards. Suddenly the waters re treated ; the slimy ooze of the bottom became a velvet meadow, the weltering sedge rose-laden boughs, whereon the syren now sang in the guise of a nightingale ; and where the demoniac beauty of the treacherous Undine had beguiled his sense the sweet maidenly features of Ada L'Estrange were growing into distinctness. An overpowering crash, as of heaven's thunder mingled with human artillery, and both merged in the all-absorbing rumble of an earth quake, brought Jack to his feet, just as the interest of his dream was approaching its climax. He recovered his waking wits soon enough to catch the roll of multitudinous echoes in the unknown background of the cavern, where the long-drawn reverberation suggested the existence of numerous descending passages through which the sound was propagated. The nitrous vapor pervading the vestibule would have sufficiently explained the cause of the phenomenon, indepen dently of the remant of smoke from Ruatera's just discharged gun. And before the subter ranean rumblings had quite worn themselves out there arose a whirr of countless wings, as a clamorous flight of owls, nightjars, and vampyre bats flew screaming and whistling into the open air. Jack held his still-vext ears. Too well he remembered the piercing notes of that ill-omend choir. Meanwhile the Maori was evidently being taken to task by his mate for playing so ill-timed a prank. High words passed between them, the purport of which was not clearly intelligible to Jack, who only gathered from the manner of his entertainer that he was angry at the apparent breach of hospitality. "It was my fault, quite as much as Ruatera," he said at last, addressing the visitor ; " I ought to have remembered that you are not accustomed to this style of reveille, and to have warned him accordingly. We do it every morning to get rid of the owls, who come stealing in about daybreak while we are still asleep, and who, if left undisturbed, would soon make the place uninhabitable. There are thousands of them thus driven out by us, and forced to bivouac among the cliffs in the gorge below. Do as we will, however, a number of them find their way in during the day, and these we have to disperse with an evening shot or two. It wastes a lot of powder, but there's no help for it" " You must be an uncommonly sound sleeper," observed Jack, "not to be disturbed by birds so noisy as those you have just driven out." "It is a great outrage on all dramatic propriety, no doubt," sneered the recluse," that a murderer should sleep soundly." "Indeed, on my honor, I never intended " protested Jack. " O it's no odds whether you did or not," inter rupted the cave dweller ; " I am past caring for other folk's opinion, although I have my likes and dislikes the same as the rest You, for instance, count among the former, and I hope you appreciae the compliment Only do not go away with the idea, young man, that, because one has—well— taken life, he is henceforth perpetually haunted by the ghost of his victim and the upbraidings of a guilty conscience. All that goes down well in Sunday school, but it don't wash in real life. I sleep just as soundly as you do, whenever they let me, and your licensed and glorified murderers by wholesale, emperors, kings, and captains, fare no better. The moody fit seizes me sometimes, no doubt, as it did Napoleon the Little after Solferino, bu it passes away and leaves only a blacker and more settled hatred of that dead man whose memory brings it on." As he spoke, the extravagant contortions of his face, in which all evil passions seemed to riot, belied the flippancy of his words. As a representation of remorse, tempered with cynicism, it was worthy of the elder Kean. Jack Wonderly felt more repelled by the seeming unreality of all this man's emotions ; and, in order to divert his attention from the unprofitable topic, remarked: " For men who wish to elude observation, this underground artillery practice is, methinks, a hazardous experiment." •'On the contrary. The sound is unheard outside, except in one particular direction, where the cavern is believed to communi cate by certain deep rents with your lagoon. And, if Combo's bunyip tales are founded on personal observation, the sound changes its character in the course of transmission so com- pletely that nobody at a little distance would believe it to be the report of a gun." "It excites curiosity, nevertheless," urged the visitor; "in fact you have only yourselves to thank for the pleasure of my company last night." "Well, the murder is out now, and what is done cannot be mended," said the recluse, moodily. "It has served our turn so far, by helping to keep Combo and others at a distance. In any case we could not have kept our secret much longer. But, see, there is Ruatera beckon- ing us to come to breakfast. I dare say you are impatient to get back home." The rough-and-ready meal ended, Jack Won derly started to return. His late entertainer piloted him as far as the scene of his adventure with the yuro, to which a direct and well-beaten track less than half the length of his circuitous and toilsome route of yesterday descended from the bone-strewn plateau. On reaching the rock pool where the bunyip had met his fate, the cave-dweller stood still and pointed down the glen. " Henceforth our paths lie far asunder," said he, in an affected voice. " When next you come this way, we shall be gone. Can you remember tbe land-marks?" Jack nodded. " You cannot square matters with the Mining Department under a week," continued the other, " and by that time we shall be clear of the coast; that is if we get away at all. Ruatera knows a whaling skipper who possesses the valuable quality of minding his own business, and he will probably let us work our passages to Fiji or Honolulu. If ever I reach 'Frisco you shall hear from me." "The very thing I wished. It will be necessary to keep me informed of your where- abouts. I owe you the possession of more wealth than I and mine could have ever looked for in our most sanguine dreams, and I can do no less than secure a substantial share to yourself. Your name need not transpire, and you can trust me and my friends at the station yonder to guard your interest" The recluse struck an attitude. "If all men were like you," he said, in broken accents, "it might have been better with me now. But this plan of yours will not do. It would destroy the satisfaction of having enriched those who dealt squarely with me, if I were to receive anything in return. Good-bye, and—if you can —think charitably of me as of one dead." He waved his hand melodramatically in token of farewell, and was soon lost to sight. A couple of hours of the same laborious travelling as he had encountered on his upward journey brought Jack within sight of the shores of the lagoon. During the walk, he had felt neither heat nor fatigue, as the pleasurable current of his thoughts carried him easily over the boulder-strewn track. He had solved the mystery of the mountain, and solved it, too, in a fashion that would make him happy for life. With the ownership of one of the richest Aub tralian mines within his grasp, he would be able to shed affluence over the chequered fortunes of his kind patrons, Bulcot and Defacer, and— heavenly thought!—would be justified in de claring his love for Ada L'Estrange. His late entertainer, the original discoverer of the cave, should, notwithstanding his refusal, he liberally endowed from its hidden stores, and everybody be made as happy as befits the conclusion of a Christmas tale. All a-glow with these roseate anticipations he emerged from the labyrinth of rocks and spinifex, and covered at a run the short remaining dis tance to the little bay, where he had moored the boat But, alas ! for the fickleness of sublunary joys, his exultation was quickly dashed with disappointment. The taut cruiser "Bunyip" had vanished, and Combo, the inconstant, with her. A few smoking brands under an over hanging rock, flanked with a goodly pile of empty mussel shells, shewed where the rascal had camped for the night "It was clear that he had not long departed. The disappearance of the blackfellow was not without its compensa tions, and could have been endured. The absence of the boat was a more serious matter. The small patch of gravelly strand extended hardly more than fifty yarda along the lake, and was pinched out to right and left by the cliffs, which rose, as before described, from deep water. Vexed be yond measure at finding his return cut off almost within sight of home, and cursing the stupidity or malice of Combo who had placed him in this dilemma, Jack seated himself on a platform of rock and considered what be should do. The lagoon was not, perhaps, too wide to swim, had the waterway been clear, but the weedy bottom and the dense covert of reeds on tbe opposite shore forbade the attempt save as a last resort To follow the water's edge and thus work round one of the ends of the lake was made impossible by the cliffs, and the little he could discern of the country above them did not encourage the hope that progress along the top would be more practicable than down below. He could, of course, have retraced his steps to the cave, and thence, with the assistance of his late enter- tainers, followed the other gorge down into the mallee, and so home through the swamps decried by stockman Jim. But this would entail the loss of valuable time, and he was impatient to lodge his claim—which every hour's delay might jeopardise—at the Mining Department He was also very tired, and now that the first efferves cence of joy at his good fortune had subsided, and he recalled the exertions of the previous day and felt their effect on his still weak frame, the idea of retracing that stony and prickly labyrinth became intolerable to him. " There can be no harm in getting a wider view of tbe situation," he thought at last, measuring with his eye the steep slope that flanked the projecting side of the valley and rendered it possible to reach the top of the rock buttress by which the little bay was partitioned off, as it were, from the body of the lake. "If there is no practicable way along the top, I shall still be no worse off than at present So here goes." And by dint of much scrambling, in which feet, hands, and gun were by turns called in requisition, Jack found himself perched at last on the brow of a duty wall of rock, over looking on one side the ruddy stands and grassy delta of the landing place, and on the other com manding an uninterrupted view of the lake and its opposite shores, where the white roofs of the station were gleaming in the sunlight. Very home-like did the little cluster of huts appear to the watcher on the cliff after his rough ex periences of yesterday, and their tantalising proximity added wings to his desire for release from his present awkward predicament " Surely I could make them hear me," it suddenly struck him. And, before the thought had taken clear shape, he loaded and fired once, twice, thrice, then many times in succession, at intervals long enough to allow the pealing echoes to die away between the reports. His powder was nearly expended when a tiny column of white smoke rose, clear of the huts, from the hummock on which they were built his signals were an swered. There was nothing to be done except to compose himself in patience until relief should come. X. About the time when Jack Wonderly and his host of the fairy cave parted at the tarn ride, the whole male contingent of Lagoon Station were rallying forth in quest of him. Dr. L'Estrange, who with his daughter had arrived during the previous afternoon, volunteered to be of the party, leaving Miss Lavinia and the younger lady to keep one another company as they best might There was little enough in common between them, as may be supposed, save anxiety for the object of the search expedition ; consequently, the conversation either turned on this absorbing topic or flagged altogether. " Is it far round the head of the lagoon ? " said Miss L'Estrange, by way of breaking the silence. "Nobody seems to know the distance, my dear," replied the old maid, "except Master Wonderly himself, and the knowledge was well nigh costing him his life." " It may be some hours, then, before they can return." " Ay, or days, child. It matters little, though, if they bring him back safe." Ada thought, somehow, that it mattered a good deal quiet sensible girl though she was, the prospect of being cloistered with Miss Lavinia for even one day was far from lively. Nor was she wholly unconcerned for the well- being of her father, who was ageing fast, and had not lately been accustomed to camping out. Whether she had any additional, perhaps equally cogent, reason for desiring the speedy and suc- cessful return of the search-party the sequel must show. There is no saying whither the current of Miss L'Estrange's meditations might have drifted, for Lavinia was improving the occasion of the men's absence to indulge in a general overhaul and setting-to-rights of the entire premises, and, peremptorily declining Ada's offers of assistance, had left her alone. The utter solitude of the place, enhanced by the hot glare and drowsy hush of approaching noon, made her dispirited and restless. Tying on her hat, and selecting one from the firm's scanty stock of well-thumbed volumes, she went out to inform Lavinia of her intention to seek the shade of a clump of gum trees crowning a small eminence within sight of the station, and commanding an extensive view of the lake and its mountainous background. Miss Lavinia was standing at the open door of the hired men's quarters, contemplating with looks of mingled triumph and disgust a miscel laneous booty of rags, bones, crusts, broken pipes, and other rubbish, the fruit of her plundering and sucking operations within, which she was preparing to cast as a burnt-offering on the vestal fire that glowed quenchlessly under the ever-bubbling "fat-pot" at the slaughteryard corner. " Look at the sort of order those pigs keep, dear," she said, perceiving Ada. "If it were not for me I do believe the place would be worse than a blacks' camp in less than a week ;" and transferring the spoil, with a dexterous flourish of her broom, to an impromptu shovel consisting of the lid of the fat-pot aforesaid, Miss Lavinia walked off with the ceremonial gait of an officiating priestess. At this moment a sound of distant firing, multiplied an hundredfold by the mountain echoes, came from beyond the lake. " Mercy! what's that ?" cried the priestess, pausing in her sacrificial progress. " Listen ?— and as she spoke another and louder report followed, and, gathering volume as it impinged on the cliffs, branched into countless articulations among the hills. "It is certainly a gun-shot," said Miss L'Estrange. " Perhaps a signal from the search party that he is found." "Never. They could not possibly have got round in the time. More likely the lad himself. He had a gun with him, and who knows whether that rascal Combo may not" Whatever Lavinia thought she did not put her conjecture into words; for again, and yet again, the signal- shots came, with the crowding echoes in their train. "He must be in some difficulty—perhaps danger," suggested Ada in a faltering voice. " Their boat has probably gone adrift; there cannot be much danger, however, when they are able to make regular signals like that There it is again I We may just as well show a smoke, at any rate, by way of reply;" and suiting the action to the word she flung her odoriferous tribute under the fat-pot; and the fire being further replenished with a hastily-gathered heap of damp bark and chips was soon sending up a straight column of dense white smoke. The firing ceased. " What is to be done now?" enquired Ada. " Bless you, child, how pale you look! Can't see what more there is to be done until some of the party return. If we had another boat now—but such a thing was never thought of until Master Wonderly took it into his head to make one." " Why, there is the boat, Miss Defacer," ex- claimed Ada, suddenly; there, down in the reeds at the landing- place, where you told me they started from yesterday morning. How strange !" "Nonsense, girl, you're dreaming," retorted Livinia, sharply. "If the boat had been here, do you suppose that my brother would travel twenty or thirty miles round when he could paddle across in two or three ?" But sure enough, despite the " nonsense" and the supposition, there lay the boat, unfastened, but close in-shore ; and, what was more, the well known sigil of Combo's spreading toes was sharply impressed on the soft mud alongside. "The rascal must have crossed over without our per- ceiving him," said Miss Defacer. "This footprint is not an hour old, and there is no other equally fresh. Besides, if Master Wonderly had come, he would have accounted for himself before this, and not left us in suspense. Depend upon it, Combo has gone off in a huff at something, and left the young master in a fix. Combo! Combo! " But the utmost tension of Lavinia's cracked voice failed to elicit a response, and the two ladies were thrown back on their original interrogatory, " What was to be done ?" " I know !" exclaimed Ada after a long pause, as by a sudden inspiration. "I can take the boat across myself. I have often paddled a canoe on the New Zealand lakes when a child, and shall find no difficulty in crossing this smooth piece of water. How stupid of me not to think of it before ! The idea of losing all this time whan life or death are, perhaps, hanging in the balance." And, despite Miss Defacer's expostulations and entreaties, she sprang lightly into the cumbrous specimen of amateur boat-building and was soon worming her way through the reeds with a deft- ness and facility which could only have been ac quired by long practice, and the unexpected development of which struck the elder lady "all of a heap." Wishing Ada bon voyage, we must now revert for a moment to metal less attractive. When Combo, after deserting the young master, had regained the boat the shades of night were falling. A superstitious horror of the haunted lake pre vented him from carrying out his original inten tion of paddling back to the station forthwith, and trumping up some calamitous tale which should serve to excuse his return. He accord ingly, though in much fear and trembling, de cided to camp for the night, and having lighted the three sticks which constitute a blackfefiow's regulation allowance of fire, and gathered a supper of the shell-fish that abounded in the shallow waters near the delta, prepared for an early start But whether the spell of Puyume was on him, or the load of tough molluscs lay too heavily on his stomach, certain it is that instead of pushing of, as he had proposed, at gray dawn, Combo had at that critical period sunk into a stertorous sleep, from which he was only roused by the summer sun shining vertically on his closed eyelids. Thus it came to pass that on landing at the station, whence the search party had started some hours before, he hardly felt equal to the occasion. The unearthly quiet of the place seemed to have com bined with a splitting headache to paralyse his inventive powers and inspire him with a vague fear, which a momentary glimpse of Miss Lavinia's weird profile and menacing broom in the distance rather heightened than allayed. Slinking along the edge of the lagoon in the thickest of the reeds, to avoid being seen, the blackfellow at length emerged by a wide circuit on to the table- land, and not long after came on the trail of the search party, shaping a course directly for the head of the lake. This discovery was not adapted to quiet his apprehensions. Having carefully diagnosed the confused mass of hoof-prints, and ascertained by the unerring instinct of his race the exact number of men and horses composing the expedition, he at once resolved, under the impulse of mingled fear and curiosity, to follow it up and watch developments. The trail was so plain that it could be run down at full speed, and Combo was soon careering over the hum- mocks with the stealthy agility of a dingo. XL The " Bunyip" floated in mid-water, leisurely propelled by Jack Wonderly, while Ada L'Estrange reclined astern, and toyed with the rude helm, or let her hand glide through the cool flood. Both were long silent—silent in the ineffable happiness of a young love just declared, threading in spell-bound ecstasy the silken maxes of that " mute discourse" which is so much more eloquent than words. ' You have saved my life, Ada," the young man at length said, and now you come to the timely rescue of my fortunes. But for your presence of mind, I might have gone on wander ing about those wild hills until the golden oppor tunity had fallen to somebody else. How can I ever requite you ?" "By being always yourself, dear Jack," said Ada, simply; "by not letting the possession of this grand mining property, of which you speak, make you hard and worldly-wise. Believe me, I value it only as having been the means of giving you to me." "Well," replied Jack cheerily, "I ought not to quarrel with a reason so flattering to myself because it is the only one. But think, darling, how many people we shall be able to make happy. Your father—it is high time that he should take more care of himself than is possible for a man with an extensive bush practice. Then there are my good old "coves," Bulcot and Defacer, and Miss Lavinia—these and many others, even that miserable outcast, will benefit by our wealth, and we shall enjoy all the luxury of diffusing well being and contentment around us." " Why, Jack, you have already caught the tone of a benevolent millionaire!" joked Ada. " Take care that you never display the reverse of the medal" " There is little fear of that," said Jack thought, fully. "I am too impulsive and fanciful ever to care about money for its own sake. Is not this just the place, Ada," he continued, gazing ab stractedly into the crystal depths, " where fabled Lorelei should be lying in wait to claim the fisher-boy as her prey ?" " If the fisher-boy chooses to put fishing ques tions he deserves his fate. Lorelei is quite out of place in this matter-of-fact country, and the mention of her might arouse the jealousy of the spirit of the lake, who stood sponsor to this boat" " The bunyip has no more power to harm us, Ada. He is laid finally and for ever. With this right arm, or, to speak more precisely, by the happy conjunction of a train of fortuitous cir cumstances, I slew the dragon, that guarded the treasure, that ransomed the princess" " That paddled the boat that Jack built," con cluded Miss L'Estrange, as said craft brushed through the covert of reeds and ran well in-shore at the station. Miss Defacer, who had been varying the mono- tony of her household duties by having " a good cry," and whose spirits had fallen several degrees below zero, received the truants with an outburst of almost maternal enthusiasm. There was a new light, she averred in Miss Ada's eyes, and as for Master Wonderley he was looking quite him- self again. Whether the subjects of these critical remarks were fully conscious of the depth of meaning they might have been intended to con ceal is more than we can tell, for they kept their honeyed secret all that day. But after tea, when the "things" had been washed up and put away, and Miss Lavinia, knitting in lap, had fallen asleep in the oanvaa-baeked chair under the verandah, the young people wandered forth together under the crescent moon, and tried vainly to recall under what peculiar mental con ditions they could ever have regarded Lagoon Station as a " dull place." As there was no pro bability of the search party being back that night, and nothing would be gained by following them ; as, moreover, Ada seemed unaccountably indifferent to Jack's protestations as to the urgency of his immediate attendance at the Mines Office in Dovedale ; he yielded, not un willingly, to the persuasive entreaties of the fair Lavinia that he would stay and guard the station until the return of the men-folk. We have it on the authority of a very intimate friend of Mr. Wonderly's that the memory of the hours de voted to this chivalrous duty remained green throughout his after life. It was not until the following day was far ad vanced that the cavalcade reappeared. The party, which had before included the doctor, the owers of the run, stockman Jim, and the one or two remaining station hands, was now increased by the addition of two. One was a portly little man in police uniform, and mounted on a police " screw. He was introduced to the ladies as Senior-sergeant Doolittle, and his demeanor exhibited that peculiar amalgamation of tender ness and ferocity so unapproachable by the mere civilian, and so irresistible in its effect on the feminine bosom. Miss Lavinia at once struck her flag (figuratively, of course) and acknowledged the potency of the spell, and but for the repute in which the gallant officer providentially stood, of being both married and hen-pecked, there is no telling to what ulterior consequences this rteonnafuanu in force might have led. The other addition was Combo, who, by falsely repre senting the young master as having reached home at the same time as himself, had been the im mediate cause of the party's return. There being, however, certain suspicious discrepancies in his statement, he had been placed under arrest, and was brought in, closely guarded, on a led horse. Miss L'Estrange embraced her father with more emotion than seemed absolutely called for after so brief an absence; while Jack's cheat heaved as it had never heaved in the hottest hour of that hot afternoon when he sank down exhausted among the spinifex. After a brief but effusive greeting on the part of his kind friends Bulcot and Defacer, he lost no time in drawing the Doctor aside and broaching the matter that lay nearest to his heart How he acquitted himself of the crucial task he scarcely knew himself ; for before he had stammered out half-a-dozen words the Doctor interrupted him. " Really, my dear sir, this is very unexpected ; after your leaving us so abruptly, too, the other day. So unexpected that—l think I'll go and get a change of clothes before hearing more. I was half roasted and half frozen, camping out last night, and feel it in all my bones. If you would not mind coming to my room, while I rejuvenate, we can kill the two birds—nothing personal—with one stone." Jack was a little taken aback at this treatment of the subject, and followed the worthy old gentleman in silence to his apartment "Now then, Jack," said the Doctor, facing round, and taking off his ooat, as the young man shot the door behind him; " what have you got to say for yourself ?" and the old man made a feint of squaring up to him, as he prepared to change his shirt This was odd, certainly, but not exactly discouraging. " Did all fathers of marriageable young ladies treat the most serious business of life in this flippant fashion f' thought Jack. " Out with it!" continued the Doctor, kicking off his boots, and threatening Jack with the hair brush. " Your daughter — Miss — I mean, Dr. L'Estrange." " My daughter ; well ?" "I love her." " Quite right; so you ought But how about her ? ' and the Doctor flicked Jack playfully in the ribs with the corner of the toweL " What does the say to it ?" These little amenities, if they served no other purpose, had the desired effect of setting Jock thoroughly at his ease. " I should never have had the courage to speak to her," he explained, after relating what had passed on the previous day, " but for the extraordinary stroke of good fortune that befel me in connection with the cavern. You know my hitherto dependent position." " I know;" said the Doctor, with a sly twinkle, as he put on his jacket and prepared to join the remainder of the household. " I know that you are diffident beyond measure, and also that my daughter cannot afford to let slip so grand a catch. Suppose, therefore, that we settle this little affair without more ado. Here, Ada, girl, take your preux chevalier, and be happy. As for you, Jack, my son, when next you go bunyip-hunting, and consorting with shady characters, and getting ruddle palmed on you for cinnabar, do at least leave word how long you intend being away. Your frolic has cost me a good eighteen hours in the saddle, with an attack of lumbago to follow." "Ruddle—cinnabar—" gasped Jack ; looking at his intended, and then at her father. " Ruddle, red ochre, binoxide of iron with alumina and caloite," lectured the doctor; " worth about 5s. a ton, nominal, and no market" There was a dead silence. "Is it possible that I have won you under false colors, Ada?" said the young man, in a faltering voice. "I hope not," replied Ada, gaily, "unless you were protesting falsely when— we are not going to be put off with excuses, at any rate. Are we, father ?" she continued, blushing slightly at the novelty of her assumption of the character in which she now appeared. " Decidedly not, love," said Dr. L'Estrange, with mock gravity. "Young men must be taught that they cannot make havoc of susceptible female hearts without paying the piper. Jack, my boy, I'm such a mercenary old hunks that I mean to stick to the son-in-law at all events, and chance the cinnabar." This was highly satisfactory ; and when the trio joined the general circle, and the auspicious compact was communicated—with such con sideration for Ada's blushes as humanity prompted—to the assembled company, the scales suddenly fell from Miss Lavinia's eyes, and she loudly bewailed her stupidity in not having "noticed it" the day before. XIL THE adventure of the search party may, at this point, be briefly related. Disregarding the gloomy anticipations of Stockman Jim, they managed to thread the swamp without difficulty, and found an easier though rather longer route through the mallee to the opening of the idol guarded gorge than the one Jack had formerly taken. Not a little astonished at the grotesquely hideous image they encountered in so unexpected a situation, the doctor and Mr. Defacer, who had entered the gorge on foot, decided on further exploration of its mysteries. After proceeding up the dry bed of the torrent for some distance, and disturbing flights of unquiet night-birds that had found a refuge in holes and recesses of the cliffs, they struck a narrow but practicable track that led them to the entrance of the cave. Although not many hours could have elapsed since Jack's departure—of which the explorers were, at the time, of course ignorant—no in habitants were met with, and but slight and doubtful traces of human occupation were found. Having procured samples of the mineral com- posing the roof of the cave, they retraced their steps to the plain outside, where Combo had in the meantime overtaken the rest of the party, who were preparing to camp for the night. Combo's story, which was accepted as substantially true, dispensed them from the necessity for fur ther search, and as soon as there was light enough to see they started on their return journey. When within a short distance from home they fell in with Senior-sergeant Doolittle, who was patrolling the district, and who accepted with alacrity the summons to come along and spend Christmas at the lagoon. They were a merry party that night. Jack gave a condensed account of his adventures in the cave, dwelling strongly on the present in offensive demeanor of the two recluses, and their wish to get away to another part of the world where the persecution to which they were now subjected would cease. The police officer, for whose special edification Jack had put the case of his late entertainers in as favorable a light for them as he could, listened with close attention to every detail of the narrative. At the conclu sion he rose hastily, and, addressing Miss Defacer, excused himself on the score of urgent duty from performing his promise to spend Christmas in her amiable society. " Going to leave us !" cried Mr. Bulcot, bis broad face aghast at the gallant senior-sergeant's change of purpose. " Why, surely you're not wanted to patrol in holiday time ! " " Sometimes," replied the senior-sergeant, con sequentially ; " and, after the valuable informa tion imparted by that young gentleman, I should not be justified in stopping another minute." " But to what end ?" expostulated Wonderly. " What I told was said among friends ; and the unhappy wretches are surely justified in seeking a refuge somewhere. They will most likely be underway for America in a day or two, and it will be a good riddance, I should think, for the police in all the colonies." A benevolent smile—not to say a grin—over spread the sergeant's intelligent features. "So you really believe, my young friend, that you have hob-nobbed and lodged with the hero of Maungatoto ?" " And why not ?" asked Jack, slightly abashed at the very confident tone of the question." " And that he and his tame New Zealander have been earning an honest livelihood by retort- ing mercury ?" Jack was rather non-plussed by this reminder of the recent bursting of his cinnabar bubble. At length he said : " The man professed to be under obligations to Dr. L'Estrange, who is known to have been present at the trial of the Maungatoto gang, and to have judged the Crown witness more leniently than others were disposed to do." The police officer's face became positively radiant " Dr. L'Estrange is known to have been present, &c;, &c.;, you say. Therefore anybody who desired to personate the Crown witness would of course take that circumstance into account. Is it not so ?" Jack assented. "But he was of material assistance to me, when in a critical position, be cause I am a friend of the doctor's." ''That might have been good nature, or an accident, or the wish to thwart immediate dis covery, or a consistent acting out of the part assumed. Has Dr. L'Estrange himself seen your friend—l mean the rascal who—in a double sense—took you in ? Does he recognise him aa the Maungatoto informer ?" " I know him only from Mr. Wonderly's de- scription," protested the medico. " Then, Mr. Wonderly, let me advise you before jumping at any more conclusions to devote a slight study to the law of evidence. A single link in the chain proved false or left unestab lished vitiates the whole." Here the radiance of the senior-sergeant's smile quite burst its bounds and gathered as a kind of forensic glory round his head. "It would be impossible," he continued, " for men who lived by smelting cinnabar to obliterate so quickly all traces of their occupation. But in the case of certain other industries—illicit distilling, to wit—it could be done with comparative ease. You mentioned the smell of gunpowder in the cave, I think, after their bat-fowling ?" " The place was choke-full of smoke." "Ah ! well; and it of course never occurred to you that they might be more intent on lead ing your nose astray than stampeding the owls ; how should it ?" Jack felt himself reddening. The sergeant's tone was aggravation itself. That official seemed to feel that he was going too far and continued: " Come now, Mr. Wonderly, I bet they gave you something more comfortable than tea that famous evening, if the truth were known ; ha ! ha I what! shake your head ? well its hardly fair to cross-examine you too closely, but I should not be surprised to spring a plant of devilish good whisky—stuff that the excise-man never gauged—somewhere in that cave of yours. And, if I do, you shall be at the tapping of it. That's a bargain. As for your cynical philosopher of Maungatoto and his Maori henchman, I am sorry to have to spoil a sensational story, but they are simply two arrant scamps —old clients of mine— and guilty of nothing worse than a mania for defrauding the revenue by supplying certain bush shanties—ay, and town shanties too—with home brewed whisky. I had lost sight of them for some time past, and am sincerely indebted to you for the opportunity of renewing their acquaint ance before long. And now, ladies and gentle men, good-bye!" And the senior-sergeant, having ruthlessly torn the last shred of romance from our hero's adventure, and kissed his dogskin glove to the ladies in a very gallant and soldier-like manner, mounted his Rosinante— Then like a blast away he passed And no man saw him more. Little remains to be told. Christmas passed in unruffled serenity to the little circle at the station, and the lovers in particular were as happy as that deluded class of mortals usually expect to be. The mysterious subaqueous tremors ceased from the day when Jack and Ada jointly broke the spell of the lake, and old Bulcot's half confessed misgivings vanished. Once more the dusky sons and daughters of the soil resumed their pilgrimages—though, alas, in ever diminish ing numbers—to the ancestral cavern ; and again did the venerated milte shed its glow o'er scarred bosoms, beetle brows, and blubber lips. Combo, the witch-doctor, resumed his swag, and became the recognised diplomatic channel of communication between his tribe and the alien powers at Lagoon Station, a post that he con tinued to fill with great acceptance by others and profit to himself. An regards the further course of the true love recently declared between the hero and heroine of our tale, it ran, for once, as smoothly as heart could wish. In the course of the joint family councils that preceded the wedding, it transpired, in strictest confidence, that Dr. L'Estrange had made reasonable provision for the future of his daughter in times past, and that Ada was not, after all, wholly disentitled to be regarded as—in a certain sense—an heiress. Whereupon the firm imparted to the worthy doctor, also in confidence, their intention to take master Jack into partnership on the day of his marriage. The prospects of the young couple seemed therefore fairly well assured; notwith standing the collapse of Jack's aerial castles and the alarming fall of the mercurial barometer. Over against the stockyard gate at Lagoon Station, a solemn warning to all horses that go forth or enter in, stands the ugly image from the cavern glen. It has suffered greatly from the ravages of time and weather, and from the missiles hurled against it by Combo, who never tires of indulging thereon his revenge for the state of abject vassal-ship in which he was so long kept enthralled by the two "grog-smashers." His special delight, however, is to initiate Master Jacky Wonderly, aged six, in the art of poising and throwing the spear so as to pierce the most vital parts of "grog-fellow bunyip," as he terms the idol; by way of paying it out, as an act of filial piety, for the damage it was instrumental in perpetrating on the paternal Wonderly in times past Consequently upon this chronic state of iconoclastic warfare, the whilom terror of the glen is already disfigured almost beyond recognition, and will ere long have become as shapeless a myth as the fabled monster whose name it bears. (THE END.) 