D E A D M E N ' S S H O E S . •' ' ; CHAPTER VIIL—(Continued). •rrvv.vt. •• —;—. :—• cr- THE AUTHOR OP "-LADY AUDLEY's BEOBET.' •-••. i An hour later and uncle Robert has smoked bis after-supper pipe, and the girls are in their bedroom; the old room which Sibyl knows so well, , with itfi ridiculous flowered paper, low ceiling and .high painted dado, and curious brass safety bolts upon the door, as if burglars were a contingency to be provided against in that bumble dwellinj How well she remembers the long narrow chimney-piece, the basket-shaped grate with its wide "hobs, the open- work brass fender, the painted fourpost bedstead, drab and green, with skimpy dimity valance, and two starveling curtains. The rickety deal dressing-table, the streaky looking-glass, which used to reflect a fair girl's face wondering at its own beauty. The tall mahogany wardrobe that never was opened without threatening to topple over and wreak destruction on its violator. ' The scanty strips of bedside carpet, dull in colour and perplexing in pattern. How often has she pored and puzzled over these interwoven scrolls, in sheer idleness of thought. All things are unchanged. There are the wretched old ornaments on the mantlepiece. The pasteboard spill-boxes, adorned with faded gold paper, ancient works of art by fingers that have long been dust. The little black Wedgewood vases, urn-shaped, funereal. The hand screens with lithographs of Dr. Syntax pasted thereupon, and more paper gilding. The two black profile miniatures of dead and forgotten relatives. It seems a dear old room somehow to Sibyl tonight, for it brings back the feelings of her innocent girlish days, when life, if it had few pleasures, had no cares. Now life means perplexity. Existence is an entanglement from which only some happy tum of fortune can extricate her. She sits in her old place on the window- seat, and loosens the long twisted roll of rich brown hair, which falls over her bare shoulders like shining drapery. 1 1 Goodness!" cries Marion, " how skinny your shoulders have grown! " " Have they ?" says Sibyl, coolly glancing downwards at a white neck and arms in which the bones are too sharply defined for beauty. " Then we shall look more like sisters when we wear low dresses. Your shoulders were always skinny." Marion is silenced for a moment, and proceeds -with the destruction of that elaborate edifice of hair and hair-pads which she constructs with infinite pains every morning, even though no one outside her own small family circle is likely to be gratified by the sight thereof. Marion's hair has been washed and doctored to the fashionable pre- Haphaelite colour. It is thick and fluffy, and short, only just covering the points of her bony shoulders and Btanding out round her head like an exaggerate! nimbus. It is not bad hair altogether, and Marion thinks it one of her strong points, like her pre-Baphaelite figure, her long narrow foot, eighteen-inch woiBt, arched eyebrows, white teeth, and other small graces, some of which are the praiseworthy result of patient training. " Do let me see your pretty things, Sibyl," the younger sister exclaims presently, twisting one of her tresses in and out of a hair-pin. The elder looks up, startled out of a profound reverie. " What pretty things!" " Well, you must have something to show me— presents—things you have bought out of your salary. I'm sure I should have a lot to show out of forty" pounds a year for two years. Gloveboxes, sealskin purses, card-cases, neck-ties, lace, gloves, and so on. I dare say that carpet bag is bursting with them." "It is doing nothing of the kind. I found it was as much as I could do to dreBsmyself decently for Mrs. Hszleton's parties and pay my laundress. Evening dresses are so unprofitable." " They must be, if you have nothing to show out of eighty poundB. I never thought you could bring yourself to wear such a dress as that alpaca thing," adds Marion, pointing contemptuously to Sibyl's shabby gown hanging on a peg upon the door. "I expected to see you come home quite a woman of fashion." " People who teach unruly children, and have to take them out walking in all weathers, have not much chance of being fashionably dressed, 1 answers Sibyl;-wearily. "Perhaps if you could contrive to put dress out of your head for five ininuteB or so, Marion, we might have a little rational conversation." " Oh, very well; of course I know what an inferior mind mine is. You used to tell me so often enough. But you were once rather fond of talking about dress) and I thought perhaps if you've nothing Ai ehow me you might like to see my dresses-—not hDme-made. Miss Eylett has made every one, and a pretty price she has charged "Marion wrenches open the refractory door of the wardrobe, and displays three calico-shrouded garments,, hanging in a row like sheeted ghosts. One by one' she brings forth these treasures, whiBking off their covering, and displaying each to Sibyl with a dexterous twirl of her arm. A bronze brown silk; a pale grey, with elaborate ruchings of satin; a black silk, which stands on end for very richness of fabric. " There," she exclaims, swelling with pride, " I wore the grey—new—at Colonel Stormonfs. " At Colonel Stormont's 1 Is the world coming to an end, or what convulsion of nature brought you and the Stormont6 together ?" " I was asked to dinner with uncle Trenchard." "And uncle Trenchard gave you the money to buy those dresses, of course." "Yes. He said, 'Well, my dear, I suppose you'll want a new gown j' and then he gave a heavy sigh, and took a bank note out of an oldfashioned red pocket-book, and then he looked at the note so long that I was afraid he was going to change his mind, and then he gave another sigh, deeper than the first, and banded me the note—a ten-pound note. I tried to kiss him the first lime, but he did not seem to like that, for he gave me a little peevish pUBh, and said, ' There, my deaT, that'll do.'" " Funny old man ! How many ten-pound notes has he given you ? " " Four altogether. He always sighs just in the same way, as it every note was a wrench. He's inordinately rich, of course, bnt it seems to hurt him so to part with his money, that I can't help thinking of that dreadful story of Douglas Jerrold's,' The Man Made of Money,' and fancy ing that uucle Trenchard is unrolling a bit of himself when he gives away a bank note." It's only such people who get inordiuately rich," replies Sibyl, plaiting her long thick hair into one massive tail for the night. And how did you get on with uncle Trenchard, upon the whole ?" "Oh, very well indeed. It was so nice driving about in his new barouche, with a lovely pair of chestnuts, and feeling one's self looked up to by all Redcastle : and I had a splendid bedroom and dressing-room, and we dined at halfpast seven every day, with two men waiting upon us. I used to feel afraid of them just at first, especially the butler, who looks the image of Mr. Grosben the banker, and that took away from the grandeur; but I soon got accustomed to them, and learned to speak in an olf-hand way, juBt like Mrs. Stormont." " Marion," says Sibyl, earnestly, "do you think uncle Trenchard intends to leave us his money V " Well, I should think he muBt leave it to us or to hospitals; and if we can manage to please him " " We must please him, Marion, and wind ourselves into his withered old heart somehow. It would be ridiculous, abominable, shameful, for the money to be left to hospitals when we want it so badly. It's no use to enjoy the luxuries of his house, to take a ten-pound note from him now and then. That kind of thing will only make poverty seem worse to us afterwards. We must have bis fortune." Her eyes dilate and brighten, her lips tremble faintly as she leaves off speaking, and then ber face changes in a moment, and tears run down her wan cheeks. " Gracious, Sibyl!" cries Marion, rushing at her with a bottle of eau de Cologne and a towel, and dabbing her forehead with the perfume. " I declare you're quite hysterical. Of course we must have his money—it we can get it. What has the fidgety old thing come home to England for except to make our acquaintance and leave us his fortune 1 He has as good as said so ever so many times." Marion's sisterly attentions check that hyBterical attack of Sibyl's, and the two girls lie down side by side affectionately, after a brief formula in the way of evening prayer. Deep in the chill spring night Sibyl's head tosses restlessly on the pillow, and the Bleeper's lips murmur sorrowfully in troubled dreams,— " Alex, Alex—don't -be cruel, Alex. Forgive —you know—your sake—yes, yes—as much as for my own." So pleads the sinner's vexed soul; sell- excusing, self-accusing, even in dreams. CHAPTER IX. UNCLE TRENCHARD. Stephen Trenchard paces his smooth gravel walk in the April sunshine, after tiffin, looking at the sparrows, and blackbirds, and thrushes disporting blithely on his velvet lawn, or hopping away into the shadow of evergreens—great masses of laurel and laurustinus, rhododendron and bay, which surround the smooth expanse of grass in a semi-circular sweep. Very perfect is the order of Mr. Trenchard's garden—not a yellow lesf on the laurels, not a branch . . that . grows , awry. , . . In . . the . kitchen- garden - yonder, far away behind the shrubbery, the lan-1 shaped fruit-trees look like geometrical patterns on the yellow brick walls. The apples and pears are aU wired into exactest growth,.and not a twig M is allowed its ownway. r - Trenchard is m,his, garden by six o'clock every morning, and his severe eye interrogates the smallest sprig of groundsel, and rebukes the very slugs that vie with him in early rising. Mr. Trenchard ib not a master to be trifled with, and his gardeners know it. For every shilling he expends he will have twelve pennyworth ot labor—nay, thirteen or fourteen pennyworth il he can get it. Woe be to the wretch who tries to put him off with eleven pence halfpenny worth of industry! I've had to work for my money," says Mr, Trenchard, " and I expect value for my money from other people." He walks briskly up and down, looking to the right and left with an eye bright and quick as a bird's, a small black eye, which • looks the blacker lor its whitened lashes. He is of middle height, very thin very yellow. He has sharply cut features; nose thin, pointed, aud aggressive-looking ; lips also thin, and of a disagreeable pallid hue ; eyebrows iron-grey, thick aud bushy ; brow narrow; perceptive ridge strongly marked, upper head receding ; hair thick, short, and iron-grey, like the lyebrows, brushed into two sharp points, like a terrier's ears. Mr. Trenchard wears nankeen waistcoat and trousers, very loose for his lean limbs, and a glossy black frock coat, also loose, a black satin scarf with a gold pin, and high shirt collars; a double gold eye-glass dangles on his breast, a glass which be wears for show rather than use, but which intensifies the severity of his countenance when he reproves his gardeners or lectures his butler. He is a man who has toiled early and late, until the other day, when he took it into his head to give up his counting-house to a junior partner, and come back to England and enjoy the evening of his life at his ease. He has been a man of one idea all his daj'6, and the single object of his existence has been the accumulation of The process of money-making, the honor and homage which the world renders the reputed millionaire—these have been so sweet to him that the question of what he is to do with his wealth has rarely presented itself seriously to his mind. On his sixty-ninth birthday he awoke suddenly to the consciousness that whatever personal enjoyment he meant to have out of his wealth must be obtained within the next ten, twelve, or fifteen years. Even with his vigorous constitution he could hardly hope to live beyond the age of eighty-five. Forty years in India must take something out of a man, be he never so temperate, aud abstemiousness has been one of Stephen Trencbard's virtues. So at sixty-nine be said to himself, " It is time to go back to England ; let the world see what a position I have made for myself, and take all the good I can out of life." His seventieth birthday has not.yet arrived, and he has built for his soul a lordly treasurehouse, or in other words he has taken upon lease, decorated, and furnished Lancaster Lodge, one of the best houses in his father's native town of Redcastle; he has hired servants, purchased carriages and horses, and begun a plain-sailing Englishman's life on a very liberal scale. The result so far has been eminently satisfactory. His house to him a kingdom is, he rules his servants, indoor and outdoor, with a rod of iron, and feels himself a potentate. Very pleasant to him is the incense which Redcastle offers to his wealth. People whose fathers and grandfathers snubbed or ignored his father, the struggling solicitor, bow down and worship the" Anglo-Indian Plutocrat. He accepts their adoration with supreme coolness, and a quiet arrogance which his admirers extol as innate aristocracy of mind. It has pleased him to permit hiB niece Marion Faunthorpe to bask in the sunshine of his favor. She is not handsome enough to charm his eye which is critical in the matter of feminine beauty, nor is she clever enough to amuse him j hut she is rather a pretty thing to have about his" house, and she does very well for a listener when he is in the humor to tell his prosy old stories of dead and gone Calcutta Bcandsls. She knows how to hold her tongue when he is inclined to be silent is solicitous for his small comforts, quiet as a mouse when he takes his after-dinner nap. She behaves gracefully at table, neither eats nor drinks too much, looks stylish when' fashionably dressed, moves about the houBe quietly, and is not altogether deficient in tact. He is content therefore, to tolerate her as a frequent guest, but does not appreciate her warmly enough to ask her to take up her permanent abode with him. He has made many inquiries about Sibyl, and he has been vexed by her non-appearance. The Stormonts, the Groshens, and other notabilities have praised the absent girl's beauty, having found ottt.aUaton&rthat; a^onnp person -whose existence ^hej; .never troubled, themselves to acknowledge Vas the loveliest""^irl InjlUdcaetle. "Quite the- belle of the places-assure you, Mr. Trenchard,? says Mrs. Stormbtat. i ; L , t f " Indeed/' remarked • Stephen Trenchard. "She was invited out-very muchrI suppose,", "Well, no, dear Mr. Trenchard, she was too young, you know—almost a child. And then your brother-in-law is so retiring. We could never have got him out of his shell." If there is one thing in that region of trifles outside the money market'which Mr. Trenchard appreciates, it is beauty in woman. Having heard his eldest niece so enthusiastically praised, he is particularly anxious to see her, ever BO much the more anxious because her indifference has thwarted him. " She must be a queer kind of girl," he tells himself, "to hang back from a rich uncle, to prefer drudging as a governess to sponging upon me. Marion is glad enough to take all Bhe can ;et, and would kneel down and kiss my shoestring if I asked her. Her feelings are transparent enough. This other one must be something out of the common." A wonderful advantage this for Sibyl at starting ; though it is an advantage, she has gained accidentally. The great lodge bell clangs oat, while Mr. Trenchard paces up and down, aud startles the respectable tranquility of Above Bar with its clamor. He takes out his watch. Too early for a ceremonious visit. Mr. Trenchard walks round by the side of the windows of his large square mansion, and comes within view of the gate. Two ladies enter, both young and slim, both tall, but one rather shorter than the other. The taller. one gives a little eager cry and runs forward to him, the second advances more slowly. " Dear uncle Stephen," cries Marion, pursing up her lips to be kissed, an operation which uncle Stephen performs with a slightly reluctant air, "Sibyl has come home quite unexpectedly." Marion is always out of breath at the beginning of a visit, a pretty gushing way which some people call charming," and I thought I might bring her —to—see you—dear uncle John." " Thought you might bring her. Of course you might bring her. Haven't I been asking to see her ever since Christmas ? So that is Sibyl, is it 1" looking at the graceful figure lingering on the sunlit grass a few yards away from him. The bright face is flushed with palest roBe, the dark full eyes are looking slily at him, the dark brown hair IB burnished by the sun. A fair picture of peerless youth for crabbed age to admire. " So that is Sibyl! Ves, she is very lovely. Those sycophants haven't exaggerated. Come here, my love, come to your old uncle. Naughty child, why did you stay away BO long 1" ' He holds out his lean arms, he folds her to his breast, he kisses ber lovingly, paternally, as he has never yet kisssed Marion, despite her affectionate blandishments. "Well, I never!" Marion exclaims-inwardly, standing a little aloof, and feeling that, her reign is over. \- • CHAPTER X. BmirL TAKES THE 1EAD. The favorable impression which Sibyl makes on her uncle Stephen Trenchard is a fact too obvious for diversity of opinion, Marion reluctantly, sullenly even, admits that truth, with many sneers and inuendoes about winning manners and hollow-heartedness. " I have never laid myself out to please uncle Stephen as Sibyl lays herselt out," murmurs the injured maiden. " I can't flatter people with my looks. I haven't Sibyl's caressing ways. I can't pretend more affection than I feel; and I must say that uncle Stephen's dry little jerky ways of speaking and looking at one are not calculated to develop affection." Thus argues Marion in the easy atmosphere of uncle Robert's every-day parlor. The girls, are seated at supper with Dr. Faunthorpe, trifling with morsels of bread and cheese, after having dined with Mr. Trenchard. • • ' I did not find him hard or dry," replies Sibyl. " He seems really kind and affectionate, and I was grateful to him for his warm welcome. I don't know what you mean by my laying myself out to please him. I remembered that he^was poor mamma's only brother, and our own flesh and blood, the uucle I had heard so much about years ago, and I was naturally touched by our meeting." ~ - i " Ah," says Marion, " what an advantage it is for a woman to be able to cry when she likes ! How do you manage it, Sib V " If the tears came into my eyes to-day it was because I am not veiy strong just now, Marion," answers Sibyl, reddening. " Tou are really the most horrid girl I ever met with." "However horrid I am, I am not doublefaced," replies the other promptly. "I should jfctioifad to court uncle Trenchard if I were, you,.;?vhen. I remember the things you've said •boat him." •: • "What things?" . . " What a convenient memory yours is Haven't you said that you despised him for his meaness as a young man—that he won his way in the world by double dealing, by base flattery of his patron—that all your sympathy was with the young man he supplanted, Mr. Secretau ? , At that name Sibyl flushes crimson, and then grows ashy pale. Ah, I see you do remember," cries Marion, triumphantly. . "Marion," exclaims the mild little surgeon^ .with a rare flash of anger," X will not have your Bister teased io this manner. How dare you accuse her of falsehood or hypocrisy ? She has as good a right to Stephen Trenchard's favor as you have." " Yei, and to his fortune. Let her have it all,' cries Marion, templed to go into hysterics, but thinking better of it immediately. " She is to go and stay with him, and keep house for him, directly she can get her things ready, which, considering she caire home without a rag, must take some lime. She is to pay him a long visit. I'm nobody now." " My love, you have had your-innings," pleads the pacific doctor. " Oh, of course, and j ust as I have got to understand his ways and know how to please him I am pushed aside." " My dear, his sense of justice will induce him to distribute his bounty fairly." " His sense of justice did not prevent his kissing Sibyl more affectionately than he has ever kissed me." " Mere Taney on your part, X have no doubt,' says the doctor. After this little burst of temper Marion calms down and is tolerably placable. She even discusses hersister's outfit with some show of interest. Mr. Trenchard has given Sibyl five-and-twenty pounds. " I suppose you are pretty well provided with cash, little one," he said, just before she • wished him good-night, " an independent-minded young woman like you who goes out into the world to get her own living is sure to have a welllined purse." Sibyl blushed, and owned that her purse had no lining at alL " Ah, I see, sent help home to the old doctor,' muttered Mr. Trenchard, fortunately not loud . enough for Marion to hear, or that sharp-tongued young person would inevitably have set him right "Well, well, very right, very proper." And then the crimson pocket-book was slowly brought forth, and Mr. Trenchard sighed a desponding sigh as he opened it, a sigh that was like \- a funeral gun for his departed bank-notes. Sibyl went back to the dingy old house at the bottom of the town richer by five-and- twenty pounds than \- when she left it at mid-day. (To be continued.) 