QUEENSLAND. Brisbane, Thursday Evening. An affray occurred at the Shamrock Hotel, between some civil servants and another man. One was stabbed; another had liis arm broken. Portion of a lifebuoy bearing the letters " Glenelg," was picked up off \Voosa heads. No such vessel is trading to these ports. An Aramac telegram reports that two inches of rain felL there since yesterday morning. It is still raining there, as also at 'Farnbo, Blackall, Glare .10 nt, and throughout the north, The Grain" as d Wool Trade. —The Arons writes :—As ai indication of the confidence felt in this colony, it is to be noted that the NewZaahind Loan and Mercantile Agency Company (Limited) have bought (through Mr. R. Ki;r) the block of land known as Weatby's, Collins-street vest, h .ving a frontage of 20Uft. to that street and goint? through to Flinders-lane. The purchise rnoney was £27,000. We understind the, intention i3 to proceed at once with the erec tion of extensive wool and grain warehouses. Cricket.—A cricket match will be played on the Moama Cricket ground to-morrow afternoon between teams chosen from the Border Cricket Club and the Moama Cricket Club, wickets to be pitched at half past one o'clock. The following will represent Moama J team :—C. Hill, M'Uirmick, Tongue, Ryan, Kinlock, Johnson, Hooper, Barber4 Charles, 1 Rogerson, Lyell. Emergencies, Shannon, J. I Bill, Dennis. 1 National Agricultural Society of ] Victoria.—At a meeting of the sub-com mittee appointed to make arrangements for the forthcoming grain show, to be held at \ Messrs. R. Gollsbrough and Co.'s, on the 22nd 23rfl, and 24th March, it was resolved to rescind clause 8 of the condi ions, compelling j farmers to forward shelves withtheirexhibits, owing to the general use of stripped through out the colony. The Jindera Gap Murder.- It will be remembered that the prisoner Burt, alias Wilkinson, who is now in Goulburu gaol, charged with the murder of Martin Mentz and his daughter, Mrs. Pumps, forwarded a request to be tried elsewhere than Albucy. The application was duly considered, but having received a report from Captain Battye, Superintendent of police, to whom the matter wis referred, the authorities hive deeded thit the case shall be tried a Albury, before 'he Circuit Court, which com mences its sittings on the 11th April next. The Floating Baths.—The floating baths werd raised yesterday, and pumped our, 8o that bathers will be able to use the structure again. Border Minstrel Club.—The Border Minstrel Club purpose giving an entertain ment at Echuca cn race night. A fashionable Galveston young man thinkB he ia a great elocutionist. His strong card is reading the ghost scene in Hamlet. After hearing him recite, nn elderly gentleman was asked what ho thought of him. " Well" said the old gentlnrnan, " I think he ought to hftvBjjiy^a up th« ghoat long ago." 