MAIL NEWS. Old Country Notes. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.; London, 23rd September. The Cuzco on her hat trip brought to England a small quantity of Australian game, which arrived frozen and in good condition. There were black ducks, kangaroo, and fish, and for the first time I had the pleasure of seeing a kangaroo hanging head down wards outside a restaurant in Holborn. An honest Cockney was surveying it with a critical and meditative eye, and his verdict, delivered to the bystanders, was that it was the rummieat deer he ever saw. I have not been able to learn how the game generally was disposed of, but there went to the Mansion House, as a present to the Lord Mayor, thirteen kangaroos and boxes of schnapper, whiting, flatheads, guard fish, jew fish, pea mullet, and bream. There were also some wild turkeys. Smart paragraphs and witty leaderottea have been published in celebration of the introduction of these new luxuries, but the genial schnappers " going the rounds" as " schnapper," and the low Ima become " Jewish fish." The fish was fairly liked at the Mansion House, but from three gentlemen who received presents and tried the game at their own tables I have heard not very enthusiastic opinions. The whiting and flathead seemed to be held in highest estimation ; next the bream. This blight upon our favourite schnapper, associated with many a pleasant recollection of fresh, foam breaking winter mornings at the Flat Rock, in incomprehensible. He is said to have thawed soft and strong.flivotired, and to have lost that rich flavour which gives him such high rank in the colonies. The mullet, on the contrary, improved by his residence in the refrigerating chamber. The wild duck would not bear comparison with the water-fowl of Leadenhall market, and the kangaroos were regarded more as curiosities than meat to be hankered after. It is surprising that some public opportunity of testing the qualities of these things has not been afforded. The Uah, however, rain never seriously compete with the inhabitants of the seas around the British Islands. The fresh herring, solo, turbot, and cod have no rivals in the world, and probably never will have and when the Billings gate ring is smashed into bits as it will be within twelve months, fUh will be one of the cheapest articles of diet for the English poor. The Cuzco also brought 150 tons of beef and mutton, and apropos thereof, there has been revealed another "ring" amongst the Smithfield butchers against Australian frozen meat. Curtain of these monopo- lists are setting it about that the Australian meat after it has been that a little while becomes soft and rotten. This action of the wholesale meat mon is a difficulty to be faced and overcome. The public as a matter of fact know little of what is going on with respect to these consignments further than the usual paragraph stating that so many frozen sheep and cattle carcasses arrived per mail, and that the success of the experiment was telegraphed, ka., ke. Frozen meat requires careful and exceptional treatment, and somebody ought to take the trouble to enlighten the ignorant. Practical men are tiring mous in insisting that the frozen meat trade will never have a fair chance until the retail buyer has an opportunity of directly procuring his supplies, be they great or small, from a properly conducted Australian depot. At present the London butchers Bell the Australian meat as English, and it will be an unfortunate thing if the opinion becomes prevalent that the ordinary consumer is to receive no benefit from this fine scheme. Australian meat, if the trade is to be well established, should be sold as such, and at prices sufficiently low to attract the masses of the people. Of course there are always men like Mr. Archer to write to the Times, as be has done, but there is no denying that that last consignment was not in SUCCESS. The most that went had had been kept too long in muggy weather, and no pains had been taken to properly prepare it. The Smithfield "ring" tried at first to ruin the American meat business in the same way, and the promoters were compelled to establish retail shops as well as a central depot, The Australian promoters must not imagine that the thing will manage itself. Our acting Agent-General tells me that he finds a gradual thawing the beat, and that, carefully handled, the meat turns out magnificently. But I saw a leg of the Cuzco mutton this week brought to tables very dark and hard, because it had not been intelligently prepared. The "ring" does not and will not do this. It seems to me that sufficient publicity is not given, and that the Australian meat trade requires "shepherding." Miss Braddon's summarised edition of Walter Scott's novels, now offered at a penny each is not going off at the rate which the publishers anticipated. The summary is too severe, and it does seem odd to find the charming character of the Waverley novels completely destroyed. Scott bears a considerable amount of cutting down, but not so much as this. Yet another congress ; with two more to follow at the beginning of October. The events of the future are the Social Science meeting at Dublin and the Church Congress at Newcastle. The gathering just over in the Trades Union Congress, which sat in London, and attracted more attention than any of its predecessors, fourteen in number. I was present at the first congress ever hold in London, some fifteen years ago, and it was my business to see a good deal of that of last week in Newman-street. There have been changes and improvements with the trades unionists, as with all else during that interval, which in these go-ahead days of first class express in private and public life may be taken to represent a big slice of a generation. Fifteen years ago the Press took little notice of trades unions, and when it did comment upon them it was mostly for the purpose of pointing a moral or adorning a tale. Tile brutal outrages of the Sheffield unions had stumped the entire body with a sanguinary tins, and in the National Society's Standard Reading book of it much later date the pupils were taught that to be a trades unionist was to be at the mercy of a despotic band of secret assassins. The congress last week complained that, spite of promises from the Archbishop of Canterbury, the reading-book was still used, and a better comment perhaps even than the ability of the modern unionist to complain of the teachings of Whately's extracts as a libel was the subsequent admission by the secretary of the National Society that the charges made in the reading-book were undoubtedly unjust, and that every effort had been made to withdraw the edition from circulation and use in the schools. At that first congress the delegates Bquabbled for two entire days over their own expenses, and showed in every discussion that arose how unfit they were to control an organisation. The congress last week was very ably conducted by quite a different type of delegate, and even the Times gave the proceedings long reports and a couple of complimentary leaders. In short, the annual Trades Unions Congress is now recognised in the Press and in the House of Commons as a bond fide labour Parliament that must be listened to with respect, and this proud position has been reached in the face of even violent opposition and ridicule, and through the abilities and power of the working men themselves and none other. How far a change of leaders may be at the bottom of this alteration I do not say, but I noticed that the faces of representative men whose names will ever be associated with the infancy of the movement were not to be seen. George Potter, editor of the long defunct Beehive, Howell, Cramer, Lucraft, and many another was absent, and the only working man of the former set there was Dan Guile, who took the position of patriarch of the order, and was listened to as much. The presence of women delegates was another instance of change, and it seemed from several little incidents that the congress does not altogether value their wisdom, though it cannot deny their right to be present. Two of them were supposed to have gained admittance with the object of furthering bya side wind certain crotchets with which working men have no sympathy, and two others (there were eight lady member.') betrayed temper and prejudices that did their cause harm rather than good. One young woman, representing a society of shirt, collar, and under linen makers, made a great grievance the fact that at a deputation to the Home Secretary come woman delegate was not invited to make a speech, although she admitted that the spokes- man of the body said all that could be said on the occasion. These ladies spoke, however, very little at the congress, and always very briefly and excusably. The oratorical female delegate was a Miss Craigon, a middle aged spinster, very short, very round, with self locks, and a face that the most sensitively gallant of men could not touch with the ghost of a compliment. She had a deep bass voice, and endless fluency ; but when, rising to the occasion once or twice, she gave full rein to her energy, the effect was not agreeable. As the First Watch in "Macbeth," or a Jury in a classical tragedy, her declamation would be in available. The male delegates were always im- patient at such times as this lady addressed thicker, and I found this to be occasioned by suspicion of a sister who was known to be a pro sessional agitator in various movements. Her latest appearance has been as one of the Parnell section, and as a Land League born tress she has stumped the three kingdoms. On the last day of the congress she tried to introduce the unsavoury subject of the Contagious Diseases Act, but the working men would not have it at any price. They called her to order, and since she screamed high above right, calls, they forthwith shouted her do";;,. To be sure this was hot gallant cond';1(.r> tells ul0 "qr. Aug men as a body have, a repugnance to women meddling in these quotations, and refused to allow the sanction of the congress to be given to the particular society whose paid against the truly questioned in that pointed manner which one linly opposed to another knows so well how to guBuuie, with a striking and friendly air- at length admitted she had been. The lady delegates, on the whole, therefore did not score much. They did not, it is true, waste time as some half-dozen men did every day, and they sat out the meetings with exemplary patience ; but in the matter of women representation the trades unionists are evidently conservative. The congress did not get through half the programme place 1 before it by the committee which regulated the business, thanks to an attempt made by what are now known as Fair Jindera to get in the thin end of their wedge. The attitude here taken by the congress was not an outburst of temper, but the result of careful deliberation, and the significance of the issue, and its beating upon working men all over the world, must be my excuse for devoting to it so much space. During the previous week, it is necessary to remember, there had sat in Westminster a Fair Trade Conference, promoted by the same men who led the Jingoes when they smashed (rl.idntoue'a windows neil i voted at public meetings. At this conference some dozen men claimed to represent important Trades Associations, and it was stated that they had all been paid to attend, in order to create the impression that the Fair Trade movement was an affair of the working man. The Trades Union Congress determined to expose the hollowness of such a pretension. And cor thinly they did so expose it. The congress, let it be borne in mind, represented, through delegates carefully elected by the local trades councils, nearly half a million working men, and must be held to have clearly spoken in their voice. It was not strange of course that the prominent working-men representatives of the Fair Trade Conference should appear at the trades Union Congress, but it was strange that they should be found, upon an inspection of their certificates, to hold faulty credentials. Nor was it unreasonable that the congress should expel them. If any justifica- tion had been required it was furnished by one of the later "scenes," when two of the rejected Fair Traders forced their way into the hull and defied the congress, and when it came out that they were acting under the directions of the arch Jingo, Captain Bedford Pim, who stood blustering in the passngowhilo the congress repressed its desire to kick the intruders out, and sent for the police. The gallant captain outside declared that as a Middlesex magistrate he forbade the police to interfere, but a deputation from the congress quietly appealed to the nearest stipendiary magistrate, who pointed out that the congress having hired the room for its own purposes, the delegates had a right to eject the in traders " with as little force as possible." The right was noted upon. Portions of three days were monopolised by this extra work, but the congress, by a majority of ten to one, decided that if it had done nothing else but " stamp out this imposition," it had not assembled in vain. The Fair Traders are admitted far and wide to have made a mistake. It would have paid them better to let the congress alone, and allow their own conference to have passed for what it was worth. They have now revealed their hand, ' placed themselves in the wrong, and failed even in what they hoped to obtain namely, grounds for publicity in the law courts. On the other hand, all the best daily papers praise the congress for its behaviour under discreditable provocation. The revival of a taste for melodrama of the Never-too-lnto-to-meud older has been further shown by the brilliant success of a piece called the " Light, of London," written by Mr. G. R. Sims, the author of the Dagonet ballads, and produced at the Princess's Theatre. It deals almost entirely with his life, and is remarkable for the most realistic groupings of trumps, thieves, and London roughs ever produced on a stage. It is full of touches of human nature that appeal to the pathetic side of the sympathies of an audience, and it certainly does in a wonderful way hold the mirror up, as Shakspeare says it should be hold. Mr. Sims may be honestly congratulated, although he would be nowhere, as the saying goes, without the lavish scenic effects provided by the management. The play is his first venture in melodrama. He has written farces which have been successful ; as " Dagonot," of the Referee, he was well known and liked by the public and in Bohemia ho tins for years been known as one of the regular contributors to Fun. Now he has achieved a position which will give him the handsome income of a successful play writer. It will be some time, no doubt, before he will be able to bag £1000 for a week's work, as Mr. Irving did the week before last by noting at Leeds, but he is still a man whom scores of less fortunate Saunters of managers' rooms will envy. At Drury Lane a so-called moral melodrama entitled "Youth has been running, and Mr. Augustus Harris has placarded the town with a mawkish address to parents and guardians," advertising his play on the high moral ticket. The public were not a little disgusted with this, and with another placard containing a letter in the same spirit, from a clergyman who is supposed to have family relations with the nature Drury Lane manager and lessee. Mr. Harris puts himself into all leading parts, albeit he is a poor sort of actor. As sole lessee, of course he has it right to do this, and equally of course he can make sure of certain liquors adulation. But the time comes when the tide turns, and the success of George Sims at the Princes ash is being made to reflect in unflattering terms upon Augustus Harris at Drury Lane. The Adelphi, not to be left out of this melodramatic flush of moral stage-teaching, has brought out once more Charles Reade's famous prison play. When the winter season sets in we shall see how far comic opera and burlesque will turn the channel of caprice. The " Salvation Army " will light upon troublous times if it does not take care. The shrewd schemer who runs the speculation, and who may be backed against all comers for knowing how to work the oracle, should be more moderate in his demands, and more 'meek in his management, else by the one he will disgust the public who have hitherto tolerated his agents, j while by the other he will rouse -the active hostility of the street population. At a confer- ence another conference you will observe that Exeter Hall two days ago, he capped his usual 4 appeal for cash by stating that a gentleman had just given him a gold watch and chain, and by telling his audience that they could not put their watches if they were gold-to better use than I by handing them up to him. The response was silence, but it was a serious appeal on the " general's . part nevertheless. Then the many" people have been making too frequent appearances in the police courts. The occasional ap-" apearance of " officers" in this army as clfeuderB'-e«' such as the soi disant "captain" recently sent to prison with the magisterial Ciasolatiuu that he was a " blasphemous, hypocritical, abandoned scoundrel," or the female " captain" who fell in love with a he "corporal" and took to drink through uurequitoJ Inverell izii-ruttuue that may happen to any similarly cou third body j but the continual purest ina instituted by the "army" authorities against men and boys who are said to interfere with the pvoc. onions are a distinct reversal of the recommended practice of turning the committee cheek for an encore. One of the London magistrates last Friday spoke very strongly upon the point-, remark- ing that these noisy bands of a race forty or fifty persons disturbing the tr; file were becoming a public nuisance, and that it would soon be a question how far they would be allowed to create riots wherever they go. The rioting is a fact for which they have to thank themselves. If a boy only bushels against one of the processionists he is for the with hailed before a magistrate and fined. This is no doubt a cheap method of advertising, and it is pursued as a system, The "dregs of the population, who might, perhaps, be benefited by the plan adopted by the " army," have been thaw, in many districts, made furious, and the) squeak of an army" concertina and the chorus of one of its marching hymns invariably bring the un- washed from the courts and alleys of the slums in an angry water. At first the magistrates were inclined to protect the complainant, and reprove and punish the defendants ; now they call the complainants a îiiiiitmco, and let the defendants off as crazily as the law allows. The new Colonial club, to which I referred in my 'last letter, now advertises that it has taken temporary premises in St. James-street. The Lord Mayor, working with Min mayor of Southampton, is raising a fund for the widows, orphans, and dependent relatives of the passengers and crew rendered destitute through the loss of the Teuton. Not less than £25,000 is required. The ingenuity of Henry Matthews, alias Lee, alias Wright, a cattle dealer, of Sydney, New South Wales (according to his own account), almost deserved success, seeing that he outwitted the lynx-eyed police in a somewhat incomprehen- sible manner. Mr. Matthews was sentenced to two months' imprisonment at Worship-street Police Court for an assault. On the same day an English, labourer named Coombes was sentenced to one month's imprisonment. Matthews had £130 in his pocket at the time, and in the cells he bargained with Coombes, who for £10 agreed to personate him at the House of Correction, to which they were duly removed the same day in the prison van. The little plan so far succeeded, that Matthews passed as Coombes for the space of one mouth, and votes actually set at liberty. Mr. Mitthcvvrt, not content with his month's freedom purchased for a £10 note, hangs about Bethnal Green and gets rearrested, being as a matter of fact " wanted" for a gold robbery of some £080. He will now have to stand his trial upon that charge, and to answer with Coombes for conspiracy to defeat justice. It is not explained, however, why, since £130 was found upon the man when the police took him, and £120 only when he arrived at the House of Correction, the reduction of the amount was not discovered ; nor why the acquisition of £10 by Mr. Coombes during the same interval escaped observation. At the Trades Union Congress a good deal was said about the Employers' Liability Act of last session, and illustrations were given of the camping propensities of builders, not only as to the houses they build for sale, but as to the very Bcalfolding they use in building. Two days ago the first practical operation of the Act was put in force. A Whitechapel carpenter brought an action in the City of London Court against his master to recover compensation for injuries. Under Hw Act an employer is liable for injuries caused by the negligence of his workpeople. In this case the plaintiff was in paired by the falling of a shelf lowered by a fellow workman. The evidence being that the rope was too short for the purpose, the jury gave a verdict for the plaintiff with £10 damages. 'The extra-Parliamentary utterances season has set in with vigour, and members are delivering the annual account of their Blowai fillip to the constituencies. As it satiated with the subject during the session, they are saying scarcely any, thing in the recess of the Irish Land Bill. The prominent question is that of fair trade, but Sir Stafford Northcote keeps a persistent silence, leaving such erratic members of his rank and file as Ashmead-Bartlett and Lord Randolph Churchill to discover which way the wind is likely to blow, The Government mon are silent ton, save Mr. Bright, who naturally considers the talk against free-trade to be a temporary form of lunacy. But they have some reason for balance pending the negotiations with France. The constituencies as a whole do not appear to care a man about the fair trade cry at present and if that movement be not more capably handled it will never attain the dimensions of an agitation. This is tantamount to confessing that, politically, we are at present decidedly dull. The Court of Common Council have, by a large majority, resolved to present the Premier with an address, and in addition to this city enter comment, there is to be a lowering of the Premier a'. Leeds next month. The county members are bringing agricultural topics to the fore, some recommending an import duty on corn, and all echoing the sentiments of Lord Combermere, who bids the farmers take heart of grace, assuring them that if they persevere they will, notwithstanding foreign impm various, beat the whole world, seeing that they have a " climate, soil, and knowledge inferior to none." An effort to crush the Liverpool cotton brokers' ring has been only partially successful. The Manchester " men" havelougbeeu groaning under the greediness of the Liverpool " gentlemen," and thought the time had arrived when they might demolish the " corner ." by which the nefarious practices were maintained. A meeting of Lancashire spinners was accordingly held in Manchester, and it was resolved to stop the mills for a week, if two-thirds of the mill-owners would agree to the scheme. This would be a loss of £20,000 in wages to the operatives, but it was stated that the loss sustained by masters and men would put an end to the plundering of the Liverpool gang. Some of the Northern mail facturers will not join the spinners, but the latter seem resolved, once and for all, to make a stand against Liverpudlian extortion, and when the Manchester school does make up its mind it generally carried its point. 