NEW SOUTII WALES. t (1'ItO.M OUR OW.V CORUESPOKDKXT3.) ! BBAIDWOOI), Thursday. : Tlio plnn of the now Anyhcau church about to ; be erected in Brnidwood lias been received from !'; Messrs. liiackct nnd Son, nrchltcots, Nvdnev. >; The buililins will be 100 feet in length and 52 in t breadth, and judging by the plan will, when com. /; plcted, be a stately edifice. As soon ns possiblo ) the work will he prooccd with. i Yesterday afternoon, ns Mr. M'Dowall, of f Durran Burra, was in the act of mounting hia 3 horse, in front of the Albion Hotel, in order to j return home, the horse suddenly started back, nnd ' Mr. M'Dowall, who is n heavy man, fell upon tho j ground. The horse trod upon him nnd indicted a nasty wound on. the side of bis face, which Dr. ; Llewellyn, who happened to lie present, stitched ' up. Tiiis morning, although a good deal shaken, S lie was much better. ' A man named llobert Oakes, a minor nt Little River, picked up, on Monday, a nugget of pure gold weighing three ounces. This man nnd his ? sons have on several previous occasions found 1 nuggets, some of them of a large size.' ; G'OOMA, Wednesday. 1 On Wednesday, at C'ooma I'olicc Court, tho I police magistrate and Mr. John Klitiu Body, J.P., ; lined David O'ltourke, publican, Is for supplying grog during prohibited hours on Sunday last ; and ; 1'atrick Dillon, saddler, who drank the grog, was ! fined 10s. i A t the Land Ollicc ttiis day, 1 7 selections, of the ' aggregate area of 2070 acres, were taken up. Mr. Itobert Birch is giving much satisfaction as Acting- j Crown Lands agent during Mr. Smither's absence. Two clergymen visited the Ilugundra Ghost last ! Sunday, where a girl is supposed to he a medium, j YOUNG, Thursday. i On Wednesday evening a meeting of residents of ti Wal land been nnd district was held nt Dawycr's Hotel, for the purpose of considering the claims of ,j Wallandbcen as against Murrumburrah for selcc- is- tion ns the point of connection for the loop line to S connect the southern and western railways. Mr. i: J. Boxhall was voted to the chair, and there wire about 70 persons present, including Mr, J. Wat- > son. one of tbe members for tbe district. An | npology was received from tlio Colonial Treasurer, t The chairman explained the object of the meeting, s placing the business before those present in a very j impartial manner. Mr. I'inkstonc, of Cootamun- ? dra, then in a series of question's submitted to Mr, j Watson, sought to elicit that gentleman's views ; and reasons for preferring Murruinhnrrah. Mr. i Watson replied to the question very briefly and 'h pointedly, and then proceeded to slio-.v the absurdity : of selecting Wallandbcen, by which an nnnccessaiy 3 haulage of 13 miles would be involved, at n cost of : 3s 3(1 per ton average on all goods. The sinker thoroughly refuted thcnrgumcntsof Mr. Pinkstone. Mr, Watson expressed his obligations to the elec tors of Wnllandbeen for placing him in a majority of ten to one nt the recent election, but could not on that account consent to sacrifico the interests of the country for the benefit of a few. lie stated his willingness lo resign if he did not possess tho con- j fidcncc of tho electors. At the termination of a very orderly meeting n vote of thanks and confi dence was accorded unanimously to him. : NKWCASTLF, Thursday, , Joseph Hardy, a man employed nt Laingnnd i Wylie's saw mills, had nn injury to his hand by a i circular saw to-day. He wns taken to Dr. Knafgs' surgery, and his finger was amputated. \ Game is reported to be remarkably plentiful un Hexham Swamps this season. There arc a great i quantity of ducks. _ j Two important anti-Chinese meetings were held last night at Wnllscnd and the Glebe. Mr. Turner, M.P., spoke at the former meeting, nnd Mr. Mel ville at the latter. The object is to secure a tre mendous gathering at the adjourned mass mooting to be held on Saturday week. Mr; Mackenzie, the examiner for coalfields, mates nn official examination of the old coal shafts under Signal Hill to-morrow morning. This, step is necessary in consequence of tlio progress of tlio fortification works. Tho shifts havo been aban doned for nearly half a century. Bussincss is brisk, HAY, Thursday. Over an inch of rain has fallen. From Mouindia nnd llillslon the fall of rain has been splendid. _ 