T' ELEGRAPHIC NEWS. TASM-ANIA. S lBY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] C (aROMn OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) A HoBAIrr, Jan. 31. S A youth named Grainger, employed at C the Mlercury office, had a narrow escape from drowning yesterday. He was bath ing at the Sandy Bay Baths, when he was attacked with cramp and sunk three times. He was rescued by two sons of I Canon Smith. The Customs returns for the month of January show the receipts to be-Hobart, I £8755 5s ld ; Launceston, £10,213 7s; total,£18,968 12s Id. The receipts for the same month last year amounted to £20,420 13s 5d, so that this year a falling off is shown of £1461 Is 4d. The weather has been boisterous and warm. Rain is threatening. The arbitrators on the question of toll to be paid by the Main Line Railway Co. for running powers over the Launceston and Western line from Evandalo June tion, are still at work. The following census enumerators have been gazetted for the districts named : Glenorchy, W. Murray; Kingborough, H. J. Daldy; Franklin, E. A. Walpole; New Norfolk, W. Cahill; Cumberland, J. King; Oatlands, F. Bowden ; Rich .mond, W. Simmons; Clarence, H. Lamb; Sorell, W. Peacock; Glamorgan, J. Lyne; Brighton, W. Gunn; Launceston (North, Central, and South), Adye Douglas; Westbury, J. P. Jones; Delo raine, John Hart; East Devon, H. Douglas; West Devon, A. B. Willis; Wellington, J.!Anderson ; Norfolk Plains, W. H. Dodery; Morven, H. Collins; Campbell Town, G. Fletcher; Fingal, S. H. Grueber; George Town; T. H. Simp r son; Ringwood, T. R. Arthur. Dr. Douglas E. Stewart has been en rolled on the list of medical practitioners of Tasmania. l Mr Charles W. Lord has been appointed a mining surveyor. At the meeting of the City Council to day, Alderman Seabrook gave notice that he would move at next meeting for a I return of the cost of asphalting the paths in the city. A long discussion took place on the order of the day, the further con sideration of report on petition for altera .f tion in the angles of certain streets at Battery Point, the adoption of which was 0 proposed by Alderman Maher, and seconded by Alderman Seabrook at the e last meeting. Eventually the report was a referred back to the Committee, with instructions to negotiate for purchase of the land required. At the lecture given by Sir Archibald 0 Michie,Q. C., in the Town Hall to-night on e "Ghosts and apparitions," there was a crowded attendance. His Excellency Sir d J. H. Lefroy presided. The s.s. Tasman arrived to-day from Sydney. Passengers-Cabin: Mesdames Fitzsimons, Harriss, Mr and Mrs Fleming, Major Christie, Misses Fleming, Carr, Stephen, White (4), Mrs Hilderne and 0 child, Masters Jamieson (2), Holman, SJannerett, Messrs Feehy, Lewis, Fisher ; and six in the steerage. 