THE STORY OF A LIFE. OHAPTElR XIX. . IY LODGINGS AT LtRBOURFORD. I sAT for several weeks in that little orchestra of the Harbourford Theatre, a pale, thin, ghost-like young man; and I played second fiddle to the full satisfaction of the management. Once, in theatrical parlance, the ghost did not walk, or, in more g-eneral language, the management could pay no salaries. But the arrival in port of two American ships redeemed the fortunes of the theatre, and the company weoro suddenly so much in funds that several gentlemen rushed into the extravagance of new neckties, and the ladies indulged in n:ew bonnets and a Sunday trip to Potty Island, with shrimps and tea. My time was fully occupied at this period; and I attribute my sanity to the healthy stimulusiof occupation. I rose at an early hour and commenced the day in Abel's studio. With the aid of Ain elementary workr oni oil- painting, and Abel's experience, I succeeded in producing several copies of borrowed pictures, which a brokler purchased for a few shillings each. I followed this success up by one or two efforts at original work, and I remember me of a triumph of trees and water, which Abel sold to a pat ron for ten shillings and sixpence. When I was not called to rehearsal in a morning I stood at .my easel until it was time for the evening performance. I look back now to the ialmost unexpected effects of colour in that poor scene-painter's studio, and feel all those early sensations of re-awakened ambition as keenly as if I had not lived to grey hairs and family responsibilities. At odd times I sat down and tried my heand at essays for newspapers and maga zines-wayside stories, incidents of life, 'nd other fugitive papers. I posted them with trembling hands to London editors, aniidh looked up their periodicals at the local libraries; but those magical initials, "O.K.," did not appear in print, except .once in a harsh " Notice to Correspondents." ;Moreover, my manuscripts were rarely returned, though I treasure to this day the pblite letter of one editor, who was good enough to say there was promise in my work, though my stylewas too amateurish :fiorthe :publication over whose fortunes he presided. I wrote several letters to my mother, but Ot' no reply. The same fate attended my letters to Mr. Mitching; and two which I wrote to Tom Folgate came back through the dead- letter office, marked "gone." The following communication from. Mr. Fitz w?alton was a mystery which time alone solved. Fitzwalton wrote as though I knew all that had transpired during my absence from'Lindford : • Mr. Fitzwalton to Christopher Kenrick. ;;ear. Konrick,-I received your favour in due course, s.and was sorry to hear that you had been so very ill, at which however I do not wonder, seeing ,what sad events have occurred on all hands since your departure from this ill-fated city. .Everybody knew that Tom Folgato was rather loose; but none of us expected that he would do what he hase done. I am sure it must grieve you :very much. But such is lifo, dear Kenrick. We have all our troubles. I am going to leave this place for London, where I have purchased a partner ship. ,You will perhaps be surprised to learn that my sister-in-law, Miss Birt, is going to be married to your opponent in the famous battle, Mr.'Noel Stan ton, who is after all a very nice follow. What changes a few short months bring about | I have noet been to Stonyfield lately; but I hear your father bears his loss with manly fortitude. I am, yours truly, W. FITZ?wLTON. I pored over this epistle for hours. I wrote for explanations that Fitzwalton would not give. "His new business occu pied all his time," he said; and he " could not believe that I did not know quite as much of what had passed as he did, and more especially as that Folgate scandal was in all the papers. If I really did not know all about it, perhaps I had better remain in blissful ignorance, or pay a visit to Lind ford, and make personal inquiries on the spot." This was all I could get from Fitwalton, and was so much offended at the coolness of his reply and its formal style that I tied up his letters with another little bundle, and allowed the tide of fate and fortune to flow on without further inquiry or interruption. The last sentence of Fitzwalton's letter too seemed so much like a sneer that I was in elined to be very angry with the writer on this account. "Your. father bears his loss with manly fortitude I " I remember that the very first time I met Fitzwalton in Lindford he sneered at my running away from home. " And this is friendship I " I said. What a blessing it was, at these times, thabt easel in Abel Croskford's painting room!I CHAPTER XX. OIN wnoa I TELL ABEL onROOKFORD THE SBTORIY \- OF VELASBQUEZ. '.,The ihore I paint," I said to Abel one morning, ".the more I understand the value of that picture." "Ali! hle be a grand chap," Abel re sponded, rincovoring the work, "and I've 'theivery moment almost hit upon a new idea about him, which I don't mean to say nothing.about until I've carried it out." " Strange!l a new thought about it has oncurred to me," I said. • Have it how ?" said Abel, dipping the end of a new clay pipe in a cup of coffee, whiehl Mrs. Crookford had brought into the paiter's room, as was her custom every maorning-at seven o'cloak. " Do you know the story of Pareja and Velasquiez, Abel " "I do not." T ,"Then I will tell you whilst you are putting in that bit of sky. "Thank you, Mr. Kenrick, sir," said Abel, 'standing back from his easel and holding his head knowingly on one side to see the effect of a "promisouous-like " dab of indigo and brown madder. "Pareja," I said, "was a slave, literally; .licked into the studio of Velasquez by a famous Spanish admiral, who made a pre sent.of the youth to the famous painter. They called the boy Paroja, after his master, and the painter's pupils made a drudge of the woolly-headed little fellow. He was at Sthe beek and call of everybody, he cleaned the palettes, ground the colors, and indeed was a slave in every respect, getting con siderably more kicks than half-pence. His master however treated him kindly, and the sklave held him in the highest admiration. One day Pnaroja, in that imitative spirit which is characteristic of man, whether he be bondsman or freeman, tried to paint. Of course he made a terrible hash of the business, as I did, Abel, when first I took up the brush; but the true passion was ex cited, and Pareja hied himself to a deserted garret in his master's house, and there set up an easel. He had nothing but old, dis used brushes to work with, and the refuse colour from the painting- room. Early in the mornings, and at odd times, he found a wonderful charm in daubing the colours upon bits of board. By-and-by he improved, until the forms that he produced really gave him a positive delight, such as the real artist feeools at his own success- " "Go on, sir, I be listening-1 baint look ing at yon bit of sky-I'm trying to see that slave at work in his garret," said Abel, when I paused for a moment in my narra tive. "One day King Philip the Fourth and the great Rubons honoured Volasquez with a visit. In the train of the king were the noblest grandees in the land. Follow ing Rubens owere Vandyck, Sneyders, Van Norden, and other celebrated pulils of the Icing of painters. Rubens was most favourably impressed with the works of Velasquez. The latter said his cup of happiness would be fill if Signor Reubons would leave a stroke of his pencil upon one of his pictures. Presenting a palette to tlhe great master, Velasquez pointed to his chief works. ' All these,' said Reubens, with that peculiar grace which indicates the perfect gentleman, ' are finished, yet will I make an attempt.' At the same moment he picked up a piece of panel which was lying against the wall in an out-of-the-way corner. Turning it round to see if this offered an opportunity for leaving behind a souvenir of his art in the studio of Velasquoez, the greatmaster uttered an exclamation of surprise as his eye fell upon the picture afterwards so famous as the Entombment. This was the work of " "Pareja, the slave I " exclaimed Abel, his bright eyes blazing with excitement. Wonderful, wonderful I" " The slave had caught the inspiration of his master," I continued, " and had worked in secret, struggling with his own genius. That day opened up aglorious career to him. His master embraced him, and Pareja became famous. His attachment to his master was so great that he was killed at last in a street attack defending the husband of his master's daughter. He died, thanking God that he had been permitted to lay down his life for the child of the great and magnanimous Velasquez." There were tears in Abel's eyes when I had finished, and he sat still for several minutes apparently looking at that bit of blue and madder; but picturing in his mind the wonderful career of the Spanish slave. "Now, Abel, I tell you this story for two reasons--in the first place, that it may stimulate you and me to increased exertions; and in the second place, because I believe your mysterious picture is . either by Velasquez or by his famous pupil." Abel stood upright at once and came towards his picture. " Stay," I said, interrupting him, "there are such things as copies, and this may only be a copy; if so its intrinsic value is not perhaps so very great, but we must look up the history of the works of these great artists." "Mister Kenrick, sir, excuse me; I'll be back in an hourem or so and throw some more light on that picter. I don't care who he's by or whether he's original. If he was by that slave I should almost worchip him-in fact I almost does now-and I questions as long as I can get bread and cheese if I shall sell him, unless it be to get money enough, Mister Kenrick, sir, not to buy this house, but to pay some painter to let me see him at work and give me some instruction. I'll be an artist yet, Mister Kenrick, mark my words, sir; you haven't told me that story for ndthing." Hereupon Abel fastened his apron (he would wear an apron) round his waist, put on his coat, and disappeared. In less than an hour he returned. As he came into the house I heard him say to Mrs. Orockford, "don't bother about breakfast yet, dame; we'll'como when we be ready." His face was aglow with satisfaction. In his hand he held the catalogue of a sale by auction.. : "It occurs to me, Mr. Kenrick, sir, as there would be some miscellaneous lots at the dean's sale, and I finds out the man as bought some sundry books for five shilling. I goes to him, gives him hlalf-a-crown for what he has left on 'em,'and here's the very thing; here's the picter, sold in London thirty years ago, 'artist unknown,' and lmooked down to the dean for twenty pound." "You are an ingenious, clever man, Abol," I said.. "That catalogue may be of great service, and your discovery of it is as goqd as a bit of detective police work." "I've heard as we knows more about the value of picters now nor we did thirty years agone.".. " Much more so, Abel, and it would not. surprise me if we could have a search in London that your picture is worth the money •at which you value it." "There be thousands in him, Mister Kenriok, sir. I thought as I'd discovered letters .on him one day. He's a great picter." "No doubt." " Bome of the people as comes to see him goes mad about him. A lady the other day found a tear on the knight's cheek. I can't see it, but there's wonderful sorrow in them eyes, sir." "The figure is rather stunted, Abol." "Well, Mr. Kenrick, sir, I've never heard that said afore; but the criticism as I hears on him makes me laugh sometimes when I'm in a laughing humour; otherwise I'se fit to get into arage. One will say, for instance, 'ahl I the light and shade is beautiful.' Another will say, 'yes, yes, very good; but defective in light and shade.' Another will shako his head' and say, 'magnificent in colour, Abel, but a little out of drawing.' The next chap will say, ' weak in colour, but fine in drawing; perspective perfect.' Thoen there's others as finds out bits of detail and goes mad over the hands; and others as says the hands are 'queer, very queer; but the texture of the garments wonderful.' Some sees 'great softness and, repose in thi knight's face;' others think it 'decidedly hard.' Tlhen there's them as is alwayssuro there is more in tile background, and advises me to have all that horrid varnish off; whilst another lot says I've spoilt it with cleaning it, and that cleaning pictures is Vandalism. No two is alike, and now you say the leading figure is stunted." "Don't be angry, Abel." "I baint, Mister Kenrick, sir; I be astounddd." "It is only the old story over again of the artist who placed his picture in the market-placo for everybody to put their criticism into practical offect with paint and brush." " And daubed it all out at last-I know, sir. They shan't daub this one, I can toll'oee, Mister Kenriclc, sir. I'll have a big price for him if he's ever sold; and if he ain't sold, why I shall have all the enjoyment of possession, sir." Thus we chatted on until Mrs. Crockford said breakfast was getting cold; and thus we tallked and painted on many another morning afterwards. They were happy days, these, to a certain extent; but as I grew stronger and better, a fierce desire to know my real fate with regard to the girl in the lama frock.took possession of me. Andnow and then in bright, sunny days a whisper of ambition prompted me to look up out of the poor and miserable associations of Har bourford. The.companionship of poor Abel (who,thoughhewasgood,wasveryignorant), the reekl of theatrical sawdust and orange peel, the everlasting drone of ancientwaltzes and quadrilles, and the garish gas and tawdry tinsel of the Harbourford stage oc casionallystruck me as degrading. It seemed as if I was beginning to talk lilke Abel, as if I shuffled in my gait like that wretched prompter who played old men and made the manager's trousers; it seemed as if the footlights were getting into my brain, and burning a bad pastile made up of oranges and smoke, that I tasted with my mind. Unless I had gone into thie fields now and then, and lain me down by that shingly river which ran out into the sea, I should have gone mad. Fancy becoming a melancholy-mad fiddler, with your brain full of waltzes and orange-peel I Fancy be coming a maniac, with a picture of Velas quez for sale, always tolling the story of Pereja, and nodding knowingly to every body like dear old Abel I What a friendless and forlorn fellow I was ini these days, when a light of an ambitious nature began to be rekindled amidst those strange scenes at Harbourford. How one tender line from Esther, or one kind word from Stonyfield stony-hearted, cruel, infamous Stoiyfield might have raised me up I Sometimes at night I could hear the roll ing of the distant sea, and it pained me to think that all memory of Lindford and the maiden I had left there would be wiped out of that river in the Lindford meadows when the quiet, meandering stream lost itself in the great waters. Where was she, this girl in the lama frock ?--this Esther Wilton, this soft-eyed, gentle thing ' Was she really false like the rest ? Had she been won by gold ? Did she trust in those words of hope that I sent to her ? Would she wait until we met again? Would the clouds clear away? Was there sunshine behind them ? -or only black storm and wreck, and the darkness of night? I wearied myself with my vague questionings, until one day in the spring, when a nearer approach to emanci pation from doubt arrived through the visit of a famous actress to Harbourford. Miss Julia Belmont of the Theatres Royal Drury Lane and Haymarket was announced to appear at our theatre for six nights only I OHAPTER XXI. FRIENDS MIEET AGAIN, AND ONE IS RIOH. Why was I so particular in my toilette on that morning when 1 went to the first re hearsal during the Belmont engagement ? Why; did I walk with more elastic gait, and feel something like the sensation of newly conferred dignity ? When I first knew that dear girl in the lama frock I used to ap proach her presence with a sort of poetic fear, a dumbfounded kindi of happiness. Yet here I was going to meet a lady of genius, one whom all Harbourford would run after, and whose wit made men quite humble and afraid. Here I was walking down the street like a conqueror, with neither fear nor alarm, until forsooth I suddenly remem bored that I was only second fiddle in the orchestra at fifteen shillings a week. This was a terrible shock to my pride, and more particularly when I found that Miss Bel motit had cbme to rehlearsal in a haclkney coach. That seemed like a reproach to my poverty. My heroship fell down to zero. I was going to flash upon her like a meteor. Suddenly I discovered myself to be not even a star in her hemisphere. She was the queen of the tragic muse. I played second fiddle. She lodged at the Royal Hotel and came to rehearsal in a carriage. I lodged up a court, and--- It was a happy thought cropping up out of unhappy circumstances to steal into the property room and borrow a wig and mous tache. I did so; and Abel Crooekford, who had come in at the moment, lent me his spectacles. They thought me a little mad, but my eccentricity was not particularly alarming amongst theatrical people who have a license to do strange things. I sat in the orchestra, not a conqueror, not the envied of the company as I had promised myself, but second fiddle. My lady looked charming. She was rounder and rosier than when I saw her last. There was a touch of pink and white in her cheesl such as Esther woro. Was it false ? Was it like Mrs. Mitohing's peach bloom? I did not think these questions at the time; but I remembered being a little surprised. The actresses whom I hadseen at Harbourford came to rehearsal without any complexions. They put these on at night. Moreover, they usually wore their oldest things at rehearsal ; the theatre, they used to say, was so dirty. But Mliss Bol mont looked as if she was dressed for the part of a duchess. The piece was a romantic drama, and the incidental music was of importance. More than once I thought Miss Belmont fixed her eyes upon me in a searchineg and inquiring manner. At these times I professed to look very hard at my music, though I coeuld see but little throughl Abel Crocheford's glasses. I never played so badly. If the leader had not been my friend I should assurtdly have been snubbed before the London star. There is no acting at rehearsals as you kaow, at all events nothing like what you see at night. The Harbourford company weoro the more surprisod at what they evi dently considered much waste of power in Miss Belmont's occasional display of real histrionic force during rehearsal. She spoke one passage from tlhe play with wonderful elocutionary cffoct, so mnuch so that the manager applauded, and several members of the company followed suit; while the lady who had hiltherto played the lead cast a contemptuous glance at a singing chamber maid who hoped some day to occupy an equally distinguished position. I felt my heart beat a little wildly at thllese incidents, and more wildly still at the close, when Miss Bolmont and the manager had a short conversation in my hearing. "I had a dear friend in 'Harbourford," said the actress. "I first mot him at Lind ford; he was on the press thlere. Some time ago he came to the Harbourford Mes senger." "You are quite sure of good press notices here," said the manager with an obsequious, and ounning smile. "I was not thinking of that," said the lady. "Indeed I " said the manager curiously. " My friend was the son of a bookseller. They tell me at the Messenger he went to tihe bad, and became connected with your theatre." "Was it necessary then that he should go to the bad before he qualified for the stage ? I hope, Miss Belmont-" I heard no more, but quietly slipped away beneath the stage, dropped my wig and spectacles into Aboel's hands, bade him be discreet, and disappeared. I: rushed off to my friend the shingly river. It was a brighlt spring morning. All nature looked hopeful and joyous. The river rolled along over stones and pebbles with a happy ohirruping song. What a change to the garish half- gaslight, half day light, of the theatre. I walked rapidly, but not so quickly as my thoughts came and went. "This woman loves me," I thought. "I uknew she liked mo at Lindford; but I was not conceited enough to think she loved me. Besides, were not all my thoughts occupied with another ? Esther's jealousy and her sister's denunciations of my con duct, Miss Bolmont's search for me this morning, and her charming toilette, in a manner confirm the thought of the morning that the fair actress would accept my hand if I offered it. She is rich, they say, and will retire from the stage ore long. With all my industry I can earn little more than thirty shillings a week. I am in debt and difficulty. I owe Mrs. Orockford five pounds and have not.three in the wide world. I could marry Julia Belmont and snap my fingers at poverty." Theis mercenary thoughts coursed through my brain as I walked by the Har bourford River. Poverty is a fierce demoral iser. How poor I was, how very poor I must have been to have reckoned up Miss Belmont's love, to have discounted marriage in this way I Now and then the river would stop and flow on at a bond, in deep low murmurs, like that old river in the Lindford meadows, as if it mocked me with the memory of those happy days when Esther Wilton hung upon my arm, or steered my boat through the rushes and the water-lilies. Early spring grasses and budding flowers nodded by the river, as if in sympathetic whisperings with its quiet moments; and then my heart would sink within me, yearning to know if Esther Wil ton was still true to Christopher Kenriclrk. The clouds raced along in the sky, one after another, like bands of happy things, as if they said, "onwards, onwards-life is motion, it is only the dullards who watch and wait- onwards, onwards." Julia Bel mont seemed to beckon me. I heard the rustle of her silken dress and the music of her ringing voice. By-and-by the river would rush into a rough gorge and sing the same exciting song; but ever and anon a sweet patient face looked up out of the troubled ocean of my memory, and it seemed as if the violets reflected back upon me the odour of its quiet maidenly presence. When I reached my lodgings I found the Croclkfords in a state of great excitement. " O, Mr. Kenrickl, sir I " exclaimed Abel. "Miss Julia Belmont has been here, and left her card for you." I. took the card, and in the corner was printed a London address. " She seemed so disappointed that you were not at homo," said Mrs. Crookford. " She be an out-and-out lady," said Abel. " What a splendid dress, and yet she .didn't seem to care a bit about it I" said Mrs. Crockford. " She went all over the house, and when I said it was a very poor place, she said you knew her when she had no better lodgings." "' I sdld her three pioters," said Abel; " two of yours, Mr. Kenrick, and one of my own." "You should not have done that, Abel," I said; "leave me to sell my own pie tures." "You've never.sold 'em afore," said Abel in great astonishment. " What did she give you for them ?" "That be the best on it, Mr. Kenrick, sir," said Abel, producing seven or eight sove reigns . " I thought so," I said. '"There be something the matter with you, Mr. Konrick, sir, You aren't offended with me 9" . " NoAbel, my friend, I am not; there's my hand, and many thanks to you. Give me my share of the plunder I " "There it be, Mister Kenrick, sir-five pounds." "That is just what I owe Mrs. Crook ford," I said; and I handed her the money. She resisted this payment, and so did Abel, until I said, if they would not take it, Ishould return it to Miss Belmont. "I cannot go to the theatre to-night, Abel," I said. "I am not well. What is to be done ? If I play no better than I did this morning, I shall not be missed." "I will try and arrange it for you," said Abel. "What is the matter ? " Mrs. Crookford asked. "Nothing, nothlungl I shall be bettor in the morninig." We sat down to dinner in our plain, homnely room, and the Crookfords con tinlused to, talk about Miss Julia Belmont. The manager had told Abel that the actress had recently come into a fortune. It mado me mad almost to fool that I continued to waver betwoon what seemed to be a manly faithfulness to Esther Wilton and a mer cenary attraction towards Miss Belmont. During the afternoon I received the fol lowing noteo: Royal Hiotel, Habourford. Dear MrI. Konrick,-I have found you out. I know why you avoid me. You have not prospered in lifo, and I have. Were it othorwise you would not have heard from me. Perhaps avon now I outragel the proprietics; but you know what a contempt we both lhad for the narrow formalitioes of Lindford. I am my own mistross, and havo recently been loft a hIandsleome nunuity. I thilk eour acquaintauco ship,. coupled with my knowledge of your history, and the follow fooling which it excited in my heart long ago, gives me the right to ask for a continuation of our friendship. I cannot help feoling that, if you were riot and you found me poor, you would go out of your way to remind me of the past, and placo your treasury at my disposal. Selievo mo, this is no ostentation on my part; the obligation is on my saide. You are often in my thoughlts. Pray come and see me. It has made me wrotched to think that you should avoid me. Yours most truly, JULA IUCLmONTr. The letter contained a bank-noto for fifty pounds. I would faini have Iopt it; but for what? That I might go and seek out Esther; that I might once more stand before her, not a beggar, and heoar my fate from her own lips. And supposing she were all she had beeoon. Supposing the same old love existod. Supposing she came and nestled in my arms, my first love, (whoever loved that never loved at first sight ?), and repeated those words which I lhad discovered on that once cruel onvelope. VlWhy, then, not all the wealth in the Indies, as a legacy with Julia Belmont, would take me from that early choice, the girl in the lama frock. Should I spend Julia Belmont's money to fly to my early love ? I flung the note aside at the thouight of such an outrage. And supposing I discovered Esther Wilton to be false. Supposing she were no better than Tom Folgate's notion of woman. Suppos ing that fellow Howard hadl really won her with his gold. Supposing I found her married, Would this bring me back to Julia Belmont ? Should I not curse the gold that helped me to such a discovery ? And could I marry Julia Belmont under any circumstances? An actress, who had languished in the arms of Claude M\Iolnottes and Othellos, who had been kissed by Romoos and fondled by hosts of other dramatic lovers. Could I take this second hand beauty to my heart, having first beeoon won by modest looks, trusting eyes, un sophisticated words, and real passion? I know now that I was unjust to MissBolmont.; but I was young and romantic still, despite that fever and the humble surroundings of my fallen fortunes. In maturer years, not even in thought, should I have arrainged the professional position of Miss Belmont; but I could not help picturing the shrewd, clever aotress and woman of the world, who would take care of me and give me money, against the dear little country girl whom I should love and 'protect. "But she will retire from the stage," said my more mercenary feelings, " and the idea of a beggar, like you quarrelling with fortune,-tho idea of you daring for a moment to hesitate about marrying a beautiful woman who loves you and is rich and accomplished. Perhaps she would not have you, after all; it may be your own conceit, this fancy of yours." I was goaded to death with contending doubts and fears. There was one tlhing about which I really did make up my mind. I would fiddle no more in the Harbourford orchestra. Julia Belmont should not see me in that position at all events. Here I was wrong, no doubt. :Tho manly thing would have been to continue mn my course of labour, so long as it was honourable; and there was really nothing degrading, after all, in playing the fiddle in an or cheostra. Many a good man hlas risen in the profession of music from humbler service. Besides, what should I have done without it ? Remained a pensioner upon tihe bounty of poor Abel Crockford ? No; I should not have done that. I was weak and ill and poor when I consented to re coive Abel's aid. When I grow stronger, I oftentimes felt like some unhappy prince who had been kicked out of his dominions, and longed to be free of this forced state of lowliness. It was the proud blood of some of those long-dead Kenrickse exciting in my veins the tamer fluid of tamer alliances. There was a time when the Kenrioks figured at courts, when the men led armies and the women dazzled emperors. If it had not been for a drop of that old blue blood being still left in tlhe family, I might have beeoon living at Harbourford now, perchance play ing second fiddle in the orchestra. In the avening I wrote a letter to Miiss Julia Belmont, and returned the fifty pounds with as much gracefulness as the circum stances would allow. I told her I hoped we should'meet again some day; she under no less happy stars, myself with a brighter prospeot before me. I assured her that I rejoiced in her good fortune, and counted myself happy in having so noble and generous a friend. If I called upon her, I said it would be in the morning; if I did not, I hoped she would not think the worse of me, and that she would not set down my present conduct to false pride. I had half a mind to go and explain everything to her, including the result of my previous visit; but even at Lindford I had felt some unexplainable delicacy about mentioning Esther to her, and my mercenary prompter again suggested that, if my fortunes grew worse, I might still change my mind, and wish to marry the rich ac tress. I was in a sea of doubt and diffioulty. All I could do was to make desperate re solves to leave Harbourford on the moerow, go to Stonyfield as'the penitent run-away, or seek the advice of the Mitchings at Lind ford. My desire to fathom the Folgate and Wilton mystery, too, had almost grown into a passion within the past few days. I did not litke the idea that even Miss Bel mont's purchase of the pictures would help me on my journey. It was some satis faction to ktnow that I had barely touched the money; and if I started on the morrow, I should, after paying my tailor's bill, have but a sovereign and a half in my pocket. I could leave my violin and other little properties with Abel until I required them nanin. I had a dream that night. I was married to Julia Belmont. We had a grand house, with statues on the staircase. Emmy WVil ton had superintended the furnishing. I walked out of the drawing-room into Lind ford cathedral, and thoro in the cloistors I met Esther. " They made me do it; I do love you," she said; and my mother stand ing by with a white solemn face said, "it is just like him, poor boy; he is always in the wrong. But I love him too; I love him too." And then I awoke, hot and feverish and afraid. It seemed as if a dead voice had slpoken. I was going to be ill again, I felt sure of it. MyI previous attack came on somothing in this fashion. I drew tihe blind. It was a beautiful spring morning. The sun, just rising, was sending streaks of silver and gold into the back court, where an ugly mist was hovering over the gutters. It was like the breath of some fever monster, this local exhalation; and trouble was lowering my nervous energy down again to victim point. I would be gone. I dressed hurriedly, wrote a short note 'for Abel, ex plaining that I lhad started for my father's house at Stonyfield, where he eshould hear' from me. Out in the quiet streets, away into the broad highway, on by the open sea, I felt hlike a now being. A draught of milk with brandy in it at a wayside inn confirmed my new sensations. "Running away again," I said to myself; and then I thought of that misty autumn long ago, and all the events that had oc ourred since. " Running away from' too much kindness and good fortune this time,' I said; and I prayed in my heart that some of this glorious spring sunshine and its buds and blossoms might really mingle with my future. " Surely," I said, "my winter is over, and the spring is at hand." But it was not so. The snow fell again upon my poor fortunes. There was " winter in my purse " for many a day. The young buds of my latent hopes wore frost-bitten. The sun of my prosperity was clouded. I trudged on through the great cold world, nevertheless, still loolking for the spring time and the summer. (TIo be continued.) 