FOE REFLECTION. BY PEUTETRE. to Cranmer to Bradlaugh, Areadet ambo~- ;'B corrected list of JEoumenioal Councils—T^16 Po P es who cal,ed them ~ Bjgle=Florence—No appeal ever allowed fcom Pop 68 to C^116181 Councils—The General Councils of the 12 apostles gnd elders—Did this Council err?—Another friendly question or two—If Ireland had her own Parliament—What I would do with Whately's Irish school hooks.] TaBB& is really no hypothesis which seems fully to solve all the doings of Cranmer the supposition that he was simply and terally an Atheist, eating and drinking nd marrying barmaids and German kitchen enches, for to-morrow he was to die: a rk sensual life of animal enjoyment, ldess of futurity. And what have his 39 Articles ended in? They have ended they began, in Atheism. They have ended in Bishop Hoadley, Essays and Reviews, Ecce Homo, «nd Mr. Bradlaugh. The Protestant Parliament of England is voting in in avowed Atheist, who is to be one of the only ^Ecumenical Councils practically known to the "Church of England" in virtue of its most respectable position as an "Establishment." Parliament is really the General Council of the Anglican State Church, or moral and religious polioe department; and Mr. Bradlaugh is to be, if bible-reading, scripture-loving Anglican Gladstones can, a member of that General Anglican Council. For the "Erastian" Church that Cranmer built on the 39 Articles isaParliament made " Church ; " its prayers gn Act of Parliament; its baptism and Lord's Supper rites an Act of Parliament; its episcopal ordinations an Act of Parliament. It is the creation of Parliament, and might be put out of existence next Monday week by Act of Parliament. It was born and bred of Atheism, and Mr. Bradlaugh, the Marquis of Queensberry, the Duke of Somerset, avowed disbelievers in the Anglican Christ, are, with a host of others, equally infidel Lord "Wardens of the Anglican form of " Christianity." WHY GENEBAI COUNCILS HAVE EEBED. " General—meaning ^Ecumenical—Councils," says Mr. Cranmer, "may not be called together without the command of Icings, or emperors, or princes; and when they come together they may err in their decisions on faith and morals, and decree and teach a false faith and •corrupt morals, and why ? Because, says Mr. Cranmer, "Alio/ them have not the Spirit." ! ! ! Now this, from Ihe days of Simon Magus and his two concubines, baa ever been the characteristic slang of heretics. What are the Scotch covenanting Presbyterians and the Armiuian Wesleyau Methodists always nasally twaddling about but " the Spirit." Has Mr. Bradlaugh, then, "the Spirit?" Well, this Mr. Bradlausrh may " bring in a bill," on any night this session of Parliament, to "amend" the Niceue Creed, as used by the Anglican Establishment; or to " reform" the order of administering baptism as it now stands in the Anglican Book of parliamentary Common Prayer, and if the bill passed, the excellent lady who is so joyously accepted as Supreme Head of the " Church of England" would, as a matter of course, write at the end La Heine le J'eut. Such was the intention of Cranmer's 39 Articles, and more particularly of Articles XIX., XX., and XXI., in which he so humbly and modestly informs us why all jEcumencial Councils have erred, because all their members had not the Spirit. THE NTJHBEB OF SUCH COUNCILS. Having specified 16 Councils as of admitted ecumenicity, Hefele poes on to enumerate 7 other Councils whose title to the name of JEcumencical has been questioned by some ecclesiastical writers and theologians 1\. Sardica, A.D. 343-4. 2\. Trullo, A.D. 692. 3\. Vienna, 1311. 4\. Pisa, 1409. а. Constance, 1414-18. б. Basle, 1431-39. 7\. Fifth Lateran, 1512-17. He then enters into a most lucid and masterly critical analysis of all the objections raised against the ecumenical rank of each of these, and concludes this learned investigation with what he calls a " corrected list "of all such synods, to each of which I shall take the liberty to add the name of the Pope by whom each synod was convoked:— 1\. Nicea, A.D. 325, Sylvester. 2\. Constantinople 1st, 381, Damasus. 3\. Ephesus, 431, Celestine I. 4\. Chalcedon, 451, Leo I. 5\. Constantinople 2nd, 553, Vigilius. 6\. Constantinople 3rd, 680-1, Agatho. 7\. Nicea 2nd, 787, Adrian I. 8\. Constantinople 3rd, 869,, Adrian IL . , [NOTE.—Esteemed readers will observe that Ml these 8 ^3cumencieal Councils were held, Hot in Italy or in the West, but . iy tht Eaet, and among the Greek-speakingpor- «ons of the Roman Empire, and were all summoned in accordance with the wishes, and m compliance with .the •will, of the Pope, who presided in them by his legates, thus, by the most, practical argument, establishing the rapalSupremacy ovpr East and West. The nrat djjcumenioal-Council of the West was assembled at Rome.] . 9\. 1st Lateran, A.D. 1123, Calixtns II. 10\. 2nd Lateran, 1139, Innocent II. 11\. 3rd Lateran, 1179, Alexander III. 12\. 4th Lateran, 1216, Innocent III. 13\. 1st Lyons, 1249, Innocent IV. 14\. 2nd Lyons, 1274, Gregory X. 15\. Vienne, 1311, Clement V. 16\. Constance, 1414-18, Martin V. 17\. Basle, 1431-39; Eugenius IV. 18\. 6th Latern, 1512-17, Jnlius II. 19\. Trent, 1545-63, Paul III. 20\. 1st Vatican, 1869-70, Pins IX. These .are the Synods or Councils of the Church of God, which no ecclesiastical writer of any note denies the ecumenicity. Bishop Hefele does not class Pisa, 1409, with these. He also leaves ont Sardica, 343-4, as not having the proofs of its ecumenical character to produce. He docs not say it wasn't ecumenical; it is not able to establish its claim ; the testimony is not forthcoming. Trullo he rejeots as only a General Council of the East, or Greek-speaking Christians. The Council of Florence, 1439, he deals with as the Council of Basle, as it first assembled there, and was subsequently transferred from Basle to Ferrara, and again from Ferrara to the city of Florence, the capital of Tuscany. Hefell considers Ferrara and Florence only as a continuation of the Council of Basle, and so names it. Constance, of which Mr. Gladstone, in his notorious "Vaticanism," makes such clumsy and such foolish use, is accepted by Hefele as ecumenical in so far as its sessions were presided over by Pope Martin V., or those whose decrees he approved. The Vatican Council had not assembled when the learned bishop's work was published. He enters at some length into the question of APPEALS TO A GENEBAI COUNCIL, and shows that, when anyone appeals from a judgment of the Pope, he acts in opposition to the constitution of the Christian Church. So far back as 1400 years ago, Pope Celestine declared such appeals to be contumacious and disloyal, and many other Popes have forbidden such appeals, under pain of excommunication, as being a denial of the Unity of the Church and the Faith. An appeal from the Pope's decisions to the judgment of an -Ecumenical Council would be like appealing from the decision of the Queen to the judgment of the British Payment. Parliament would act illegally if it undertook to hear such an appeal. It would be virtually to dethrone the sovereign, and to proclaim themselves traitors. An appeal from the Pope to a General Council would be like appealing from the head to the body, to which the head is vitally affixed. It would be absurd to appeal from from one to the other. What the head determines the body agrees to, and the body can do nothing without the head. THE TTPAL OE PATTERN STOOD. Every ^Ecumenical and General Council forms itself according to the apostolic type or model, uses the same formula, treats of similar questions, and holds itself entitled to speak, as the Apostolic Council spoke, "in the Holy Ghost'' (Acts xv.). It is, of course, very probable that the peculiar circumstances of the Church during the Apostles' lifetime obliged them to hold several councils, but we have no apostolic record of more than one. This one is recorded by the Evangelist, St. Luke, Actsxv., and was celebrated about A.D. 50 or 52, that is, some 18 or 20 years after the ascension of our Lord. In those 20 years the Apostles had travelled into many nations and baptized many thousands of converts, and framed the ecclesiastical outline of that one Holy Catholic Church of which we are now members. It is evident that the Apostles had assembled by an arranged plan, and at a time named and known to all. For those who care about such interesting inquiries, that chapter xv. of the Acts is a page in Church history of the most attractive kind. A disturbance had arisen among the Christian converts at the city of Antioch, on the river Orontes, and some 500 miles from Jerusalem. The Jewish converts said that the Gentile converts should submit to the ceremonial law of Moses, and be circumcised. As this dispute affected the infant Church wherever Jews resided, it was dealt with by the Apostles in full Synod, which would appear to have been a very large and enthusiastic one (see Acts xv.). After a long and exciting discussion, in which the speeches of St. Peter and St. James, or part of their speeches, is given by St. Luke, who, no doubt, was personally present, the question was put to the vote, and carried unanimously; and the decision of the Apostolic Synod was embodied in a conciliar letter, of which St. Luke has preserved for as a copy (see verse *24, •et infra). In this letter the Apostolic Synod uses language which has been nsed in all iEcumencical Councils ever since:. language which shows us how vividly the solemn scene, on the day of Pentecost dwelt in the Apostles' minds, when that sound came from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and the flame of a celestial haftliSnl'^ras inspired into their souls. A deputation had come all the way from Antioch to Jerusalem to lay the case before the Apostles,/which proves to me that the Catholic Church everywhere, from Syria to Spain, knew that an iEoamenical Council was to be held, and the. deputation timed its coming accordingly. The .'. wording of. the AippBtiw' letter—perhaps originally writteni by ' St. Lute himself, aa secretary ;to the "Syaod-i-SwB:' " It tat teemed 'j/pod unto tKe ' Eoly Ghost and to Mi" ,' to lay no such burden as' circnmoision npon you; and with' decision the delegates returned ! to Antioch, where the decision, of theSypod atJerusaliem oocasionedvery. great joy. ';^Copies 6f the Apostles? degree were .also;, <#ugr|g»tibns, po. that'all, might fcnOw' this new- law and obey, it- It,' rather seems to me that Mr. Cranmer, at the dismal period in English Catholic history when he drewnp Articles XIX., XX . and XXI., had ceased, like Maoedonius, to believe in the Holy Ghost, for no one who believed the promises of Christ that the Holy Ghost, the Paraclete, should come and abide with His Church as her perpetual illuminating guide in all truth unto the end of the world, no one who believd in God or gospel, ould have indicted such horrifying and eretical impieties as Articles XIX , XXL, nd yet these articles are a large segment f the "religion" of the Anglican Proestant Reformed " Church." ANOTHBB FEIENDLY QUESTION. It is evident enough, I should say, to all ho examine that chapter xv. of the Acts hat there was due and regular eonvoeatio, elebratio, and exitio, at the Synod of A.D. 50 r 52 assembled, by the Apostles at Jerusalem, ith a mass of the Holy Ghost to inaugurate r precede it. Now, if you, O esteemed reader, ave accurately forgotten my question of last eek about St. Peter knowing how to hear onfessions, I don't blame you. It is he right of esteemed readers to forget what erhaps they never read. But I have short, wee story to tell you which, calculate, you will remember to my disaragement, if you happen to hail from Coercion Land. The story, however, is this. One somewhat frosty evening, far on in the chilly end of a cold autumn, I was taking miue ease in mine inn, full in the ruddy glare of a bright sea-coal Are, not a mile from Charing- cross, London. As I basked in the radiance of the glowing grate, the door of the apartment opened, ana to me, or to the fire, entered a gentleman of middle height, stiff movements, stem, yet good-looking face. From his dress I decided, at the first glance, that he was either a medical man or a parson; but further ray conjectures went not. If you can keep it a secret, I will admit thee to my confidence, O esteemed, and inform tlieo that I never speak first to casual companions in hotel, stagecoach, or train—no, not even if we journey 1100 and odd miles together, or meet at every meal every day for a year and a day. But, as the story is to be short, I state at once that the rather stiff, stern-visaged, middlesized gentleman spoke first, and, before he had half finished his first cup of tea, he had made me aware that he w-is a chemist and druggist, and eke an F.R.C.S., and that he hoped to see my moustache in his establishment, 977 Dave-street, Dublin, and, as an inducement to drag or draw me in that direction, and by the same token, he could see " King William on horseback" from his drawing-room window. An Orangeman, thought I to myself, but I was mistaken. I know not how, but the mention of Kins' William led to a talk about the "Oxford movement," then more fresh as a topic than now. By this time I was made awara that my chemist and druggist and F.R.C.S. was a Catholic, and neither stiff nor stern, except, when fatigued and half-frozen. Ere long I made some remark about the lamentable state of Protestants who never realised to themselves that the Christian converts at Jerusalem would pray for the soul of St. Stephen, the first martyr, or that St. Paul ever said Ma??. Turning sharp on me, and almost. with a frown of displeasure, he exclaimed, "St. Paul said Mass! St. Paul said Mass! I. never heard of St. Paul saying Mass !" " Hah," said 1 to myself, " and this chemist antl druggist was raised in the Island of Saints, and never heard or knew that St. Paul could say Mass." Now, the friendly question I have to ask thee this week, O esteemed reader, is—Did St. Paul know how to say Mass ? If he didn't, pray, howcame he to write to the Catholics at Corinth tlxat whosoever ate of " that bread" of life and of " that chalice" of salvation unworthily, ate and drank their own condemnation, and therefore that they were to make their examen most carefully, lest they became guilty of the body and blood of Christ, that is, aB bad as those who crucified Him on Calvary. If St. Paul didn't know how to say Mass, what did he say when solemnizing the Lord's Supper? I could ask you several veryfriendly questions, O esteemed reader, if only you would'answer them. For instance, did our Blessed Lord stand up on Maunday Thursday night when He took bread and eucharisted it, and brake it, and gave to His Apostles ? Or did the apostles kneel down when they received? The Paschal Lamb was eaten standing ; and the bread our Lord broke was thiD, and round, and cake-like. Have you not seen " Passover bread" with some Jewish friend? Among the very first things which the Apostles mint do, which they couldn't put off, was to prepare a form of Divine Christian worship. They must also have a funeral service, and a baptism service, and a marriage service, and others. The " Lord's Supper" was the substitute for the Paschal Lamb and its solemnities. If this "Lord's Supper" wasn't the adorable sacrifice of the altar from the first day, pray, what was it? If it was only the Lord's Supper of Commemoration, ! pray, when did it transform itself into a. propitiatory sacrifice for the living and the dead? Oar Lord remained 40 days on the earth with His disciples (Acta i.), " speaking to them of the things of the kingdom of God," that is, His phproh, fwhjeh was " the kingdom" He came to establish. Are not the Sacraments, things. of . the ^ Bngfloni r Are not rites arid ceremonies things ai the kingdom ? . Are. not regimen, discipline, overnment, things of thekingdom? What was that Apostolic Synod, A.d. 69 ije: 52| nt. erusalem but direct salutary, ijflisjtanaable overnment? How could" any'Cliib Benefit <icii3l,j, or College, orHoepital exist without overnmentA Sjnoi ,.M, jthe 'Churoh's arliament—itB place of talking. Parlerj to" speak, to talk, to converse, to consult, to discuss. Have you no parlour, O esteemed, or the room where you take your friends in to talk with them ? When they got tired of talk, long ago, they "withdrew;" they had a withdrawing- room. We cut off the " with" and make it into our " drawing-room," but neither drawing-room nor parlour, neither shop nor ship, nor trade or market, can go on without government, good, useful, suitable, comfort-bringing, peace- securing, wealth-protecting government; and to have this government there must b» synods—synods secular, and synods spiritual. Secular synods are legislative assemblies, houses of parliament, where the national talking is done, well or ill, as the case may be, yet resulting in laws which concern all. What is it that Ireland wants just now but her oion Parliament. If she had that, should we hear so much about Coercion Bills, and Russian arrests, and marching men and women off to Siberia without judge or jury i To take another instance, if Ireland had her own Parliament, how long would the " National school books" be suffered to emaciate the Catholic mind with their godless negations ? Emancipation was to relieve from oppression, but it only seems to have handed over the Catholic childhood and boyhood of Ireland to a new a.nd more insidious oppression. And now about two generations have grown up on this diluted porridge, which leaves the young Catholic heart unfed, and the mind unnourished, and the Catholic hunger unsatisfied by appropriate food. To hear people go on as they do—Catholics, too—about "Third" book, and "Fourth" book, and "Fifth" book, as if they were gifts from heaven, instead of being Protestant Archbishop Whately's artful dodge for "uprooting Popery in Ireland." I never read a chapter of these " Irish books ;" but if I had the whole extant circulation of them collected into one pestilent pile, I should devoutly give thanks to see the ground open, and the entire soul-poisoniDg heap sink down into the flames of hell.' That's what I think of your " Fourth" books, and your " Fifth" books, and all Atchbishop Whately's " judicious compilations" for Catholic school use. But what Parliament, or a Secular Synod, is to a nation, Spiritual Synods are to the Church of Christ. The " Church of Eng. land,'' being int'ispcnitrcsque a secularcreation, has her legislation done for her by the Bradlaughs, the Marquisaes of Queensberry, and the Dukes of Somerset, all birds of a feather. The Catholic Church, the sublime work of a divine builder and founder, calls her spiritual rulers to consult for her needs, to construct her laws, to guide, to edify, to guard her as she traverses the wilderness of this world; and some of the most severe struggles she has ever engaged in have been when called to resist unchristian secular usurpation of her spiritual powers. Cranmer and his " Church" rail about her erring Synods, but they take heed never to name the Council or Councils which have "erred," for with them the Catholic Church's greatest" error" is her invincible resistance to Erastian Protestant Herodianism, which is never more happy than when binding Christ, and clothing Him in a fool's garment, and leading Him back and forward from infidel emperors, and Falck, Gambetta atheists, to Dc marked and put to death. 3% 10, 1881. 