BEFORE THE CURTAIN. THERE have been only two leading at- tractions during -.this week. / At the Gai- j ety Thea- ( t r e the Montague- Turner Opera Company produced Doni zetti's enchant ing opera Lucia di Lammer- moor," with Miss Montague in the title role, and Mr. Turner as Lord Edgar. Miss Montague has already proved herself an artist of the very highest order of merit, and each new part in which she appears seems to show her to greater and greater advantage. Lucia is full of those opportunities which actresses can make so much of ; and Miss Montague is exactly the actress and the singer to avail herself most fully of them. She sings the tuneful music with delightful effect, and in concerted portions takes her share of the responsibilities with the greatest credit. Then she dresses with sumptuous taste and acts with unusual grace and feeling. Lord Edgar gives Mr. Turner another chance of demonstrating to what a rare degree of excellence he has brought his wonderful voice. The more Mr. Punch listens to its strain the more power and beauty of expression he finds in it. Mr. Parley in addition to fine presence and elegant costume, invests his performance of Sir Henry Ashton with a great interest by the admirable manner in which he sings the music ; it is at once dramatic and impressive, and secures the vocalist rounds of well-deserved applause. Miss Trevanion sings "Alice " very pleasantly, and Messrs. Gordon, Skinner, and Wilson, are to be complimented upon their several successes in the parts allotted to them. The next production of the Company will be the " Daughter of the Regiment." Next Friday Mr. Turner is announced to take hig benefit at the Gaiety Theatre. Mr. Turner has done so much towards the enter tainment of all lovers of the beautiful in music that on the occasion referred to the house ought to be crowded to an uncomfortable extent — Mr. Punch certainly hopes so. Without much flourish of trumpets, but heralded by a sound reputation, Mr. Dewhurst has appeared at the Queen's Theatre. His initial performance was Hamlet, and he at once made a firmly favourable impression ; but it was not until he played Richelieu that the full merit of his histrionic genius became apparent. Mr. Dew hurst is happy in the possession of an admirable presence ; a power ful voice and graceful deportment. And intellectually his recommen dations are equally high. His renditions evince depth and extent of thought and study. His readings have often the advantage of originality, but his usage of the best traditions of the stage is laudable and conscientious. The star is supported by a company including some very good actors but also a number of others who are scarcely above mediocrity. Miss Marion Willis, both as Ophelia and Julia, evidenced her great usefulness, and displayed very successfully the best points in the character of her acting, and Mr. J. B. Steele's Ghost and De Mauprat, were both performances of sterling ability. # Professor Denton is interesting large audiences at the School of Arts, by the History of our World as illustrated by the results of Geological enquiry. His assurances are comforting in many cases. We need have little apprehensions of immediate destruction, because Mr. Denton states that the career of the world has yet countless millions of years to run. Mr. Punch has set himself the task of waiting until this is proved true, and he fully expects to be in at the death. # At the Opera House Mr. Corbin Lamb is lecturing upon Spirit ualism, but on Saturday Kelly and Leon's Opera Company renew their pleasant acquaintanceship with their numerous Sydney friends. The troupe opens with " Les Cloches de Corneville." Mr. Punch is pleased to notice that the Hall in the immediate vicinity of his sanctum, which is being considerably enlarged and improved, is to be opened by a musical and dramatic soiree, under the able management of our Germau friends, on Thursday evening next. The programme is a most tempting one, and the entertain ment is in aid of the Kaiser Wilhelm Spend e — a deserving charitv « J' At the Royal " Olivette " still holds the boards. » 