fctotlg of llclos. the matt. steamer Hydaspes was signalled off Gape Otmyat 10.30 &.m. yes terday, land reached the Heads about 3.30 D.m. The mail for the Western district should be delivered this evening. :ZWB8T0Sr-PfiOVBiaB - EDBDnnHTJ The probahility of them being an election for the Western Province consequent upon the deputurefor England of Sir Samaelwilson, fume— Jly pTmihi ffliT ill, brother of Sir Samuel bas been announced for the last six - weeks aa a candidate, and Mr. Thomas Camming has been making good headway amongst the electors as an aspirant for the same seat. Sir Samuel Wilson held his position np to the last moment, and took port in the debate on the Reform Bill on ike night previous to his embarkation. The hon. member, although professing the intention to resign his trust into the hands of .his con stituents before leaving the colony, appears to have left himself no time or opportunity to do the thing in proper form. He is re ported to have sent in bis resignation toihe President of the Council, who has no au thority to receive it, and it is somewhat of a satire on the predilections of the hon. mem- ber for keeping always within the - lour cor ners of the Constitution Act, that be should hare shown so much ignorance of one of the most simple provisions of that Statute, namely, the 8 th section, which runs as fol lows: — "It shall be lawful for any member to resign bis seat in the Legislative Council by a letter addressed. to the Govemiiri mid from the time when the same shall have been received by the Governior.the seat. of .such member tiuUiora —wut." Onr"Jyive3 from Melbourne are to the effect that'"5ir Samuel Wilson's resignation is inXonnal ahd if such is the case it is possible the Fissideat ipf the Council may refer to the matter wicen the Honse meets to- day. It bas been no uncommon occurrence in pasty ears for mem bers of that body to visit the antipodes carrying their, seats in their pockete, and there has always been a disinclination on the partof hon. members to take any stepsto declare a seat vacant under the. circmnl stances. Indeed, according to the 24th sec, tion, a member may be absent for one entire ' session before bis. seat necessarily becomes vacated. and as Sir 'Samuel Wilson hss been in attendance during the present session, it will be not until after the close of next Bes- sion —say in a twelve-month's time— that the electors of the Western Province will become reinstated in their rights. That is, of coarse, provided the assumption is correct that the resignation is void, and provided also that nothing be done to get cue retirement sent ont in proper form by letter from beyond the saas. At the present juncture, when a Ret form Bill is before the Upper House, and when an election for an important coos itu- ency like the .Western Province might be expected to afford s fair test of pnblic opinion, the contretemps we have alluded to is par ticularly unfortunate, and the frequent trouble caused fry members . of. the Upper House in . ignoring the interests of their constitnents by taking French leave, Beems to point to the necessity of introducing a special clause into any new Reform Bill for the purpose of meeting the difficulty. land at mouxt eocle& — We un derstand that an offer 'of £21 per acre bas been made for twenty acres of land belong ing to Mr. Tarrant at Mount Eccles. Thia offer has been refused, so that it appears that in certain , exceptionally fertile spots, there are parties who still believe in the future of Victoria. arrival or. latcock. — By the Lusitania, which vessel arrived in Hobson's Bay from London on Sunday, Elias Haycock, the sculler, returned' to Australia. He was enthusiastically received in Melbourne, and last evening was presented at - the Theatre Royal with a parse of sovereigns and an address. The presentation was made by Mr. Ooppin. the census. — sunday evening, was a busy and an anxious time with " beads of families, or persons in charge," whose duty it was to answer the thousand and cue questions asked by Her Majesty's Govern ment in connection with the census. Bear ing in mind that a penalty of £20 might be inflicted in case of any omission or neglect in filling up the papers, great care was taken in every household, and the Hamilton, sub- ennmerators, ao far an" ir can judge, have had a particularly o> «y time of it, their services as nmannrmsce- net 'being much re quired. Some of the questions asked caused a good deal of amusement— such as those wanting the age and sex of each person de- cla-ed. Many a bachelor's cariosity was satisfied on a perusal of the census papers when duly filled np by the "bead," for there, in plain figures, were the ages of all the ladies in the house, for no excuse would avail them in such a dire extremity as the taking of the cenBos. They hadto "acknow- ledgs the porn," although it' was possibly, j in colloquial phraseology, a " nasty jar" for some of them. Besidk, census papers always bring ont the interesting fact that Maty Ann.Smith is a female, and Thomas umnn a mate. Anyone would suppose that the Christian name of aa individual would be sufficiently indicative of bis or her sex, but such is evidently not the case, at least so far as the census-takers are. concerned.. Some of the information required m re "live stock" was -furnished in' a queer manner. In one instance, nnder 'the heading mentioned, 1 cat " was returned. While' on this subject, we desire to draw the attention ol our readers to an advertisement in another oolumn, in which the Government Statist re quests that all cases of neglect on the part of the Census Collectors may be reported to him, and mentions that letters addressed to the Government Statist, Melbourne, are de livered free of postage if endorsed with the word "Census " a youthful criminal.— -It will be remembered that our Coleraine correspon dent' a short time. ago gave a rather sensa tional account of a snake-bite case, in which a youth named Frederick Collins, aged 15, was bitten, and proved remarkably hard to core. The boy now figures in another ease, but instead of being snake-bitten, is in the clntchesof the guardians of tbe law. Yooag Collins bas until very recently been in the employ of .Mr. Coldham, of Grassdale station, near Merino. A few days ago, having done something to incur his master's displeasure, he bolted from the station, and hid himself in a shepherd's hut, for the purpose of evading the search that was made for him. On last Saturday night, however, he "broke cover" and de liberately made bis way back to thehbmo station, entered the house by a window, and abstracted some articles of clothing. He then . visited the stables, and possessed him self of a liorae.'saddle and hodfe, and rode off on .the Coleraine road. Onarrivalat that townshipvthe precociouB yonngsterpnt np at the residence ot tne doctor who had treated him for the snake-bite, and obtained quarters for himself and boree, of coarse gratis. Monnting tbe stolen animal on Sunday, Collins rode to Hamilton, through which town be re— «d without, r' r i '"evening in tlu, direction ot Dunkeld. Tbe Hamilton policd, however, got wind of the affair at this stage, and mounted-constable Scanlan was told off to fellow the thief up. - The constable on reaching Dunkeld, found that Collins bad . not .been seen there, but after waiting a short time he bad ita satisfaction pf arresting the yonth-in. question just as be Has entering the township to isi»ke trifling purchase. On being searched at the lock-up, Collins was found to Jtave two gold solitaires in his pockets, which were subsequent! v identified as the propertyof Mr. Coldham. The prisoner will be .brought up before the local bench this 'morning!' a narrow EscAPA--pn Bupday, a horseman, when riding at p smait pace down. 5bomsontyreet,.bad a .ray narrow esqqne 'from serious injury. "Op tqrnihg the 'corner at this Carriage . Company, works, his horse tripped on some loose metal and fell, striking jthe footpath with' Its knees. .The rider, was thrown violently forward, and appeared in ' impiinrpt. danger of breaking his jiech. but .the animal recovering - itself 'almost (imme diately, he managed to regain "his seat, and continued bis journey. ; - the bishop's yisit..-— n; Saturday evening Dr. Thornton , by request" "of " tbe Hamilton Church Committee, met the mem- tyi thereof in reference fo a report that has /obtained currency ro the, effect .that it was , inknded.to remove Abe archdeaconry from H Kriilton fa> .Eprtiand or some othar place. : TheSBishop onured the committee that there \ ' ( appointment of an archdeacon remained jn ! abeyance at present, because the Rev. Mr.,: Zillinann at the time of 4ns appointment to t the incombencyof Hamilton, wroto'stating it was uncertain wbether the oondition of his health would admit of bis permanently con tinuing at Hamilton. If Mr. aHifam was now in a position to decide upon remaining, be (the Bishop) would gladly oonaider the Blatter of the appointment of an archdeacon far tfee diocese, although His Lordship did mot '-intimate to' the Committee what his' decision was likely to be. The Bishop con gratulated the members npon the fact that "Sffi''T31iifr<hErilmciA"WBreSn.':ja"aajfefiray" condition, the debt on the Budding Fond haiing bean reduced by about £200 during the last six months. At 10 a.m. on Sunday Jlia .Lordship -dsBvered-an addrasi.io.Jie Sunday School, children, and. after morning service celelebratod the Holy Communion. The Rev. Mr. Zillmann, who preached on that occasion, took for hia text 1 Cor., x, 16 v., " The cap of blessing which we bless is it not the blood of Christ!. The bread which we break is it not the Communion of the tady'of Christ?" At 3J45 Dr. Thornton preached to a crowded congregation at Brauxholme, and - having to travel a distance of fifteen miles to return 'to Hamilton, evening service at the latter place was delayed until about 7.30. Prayers baring concluded, the Bishop took for his text theepiritasl condition of Ssnl the son of N—li as compared with that of Ssnl of Tar- sus, the former being tormented by era spirits end the latter " filled with the Holy Ghoet." .A eoholady sketch was given of the lives of these two Benjamites, and the sermon was rendered interesting by a graphic ponrtrayal of the state of society and the circumstances in winch they lired. From the different nee made of God's gifts by these two instruments jn His beads, a great moral lesson was deduced, in jlhe necessity for cultivating tbe Divine influx, to the sabordi- ntiiom «t —Jfhoad. Ths oollaction was for the soBtentation fond of toe diooase, and it was mentioned that as Hamilton made toe heaviest claims npon that fond, it wss to be expected that toe contributions would be proportionately liberal. — Yesterday afternoon Dr. Thornton left for Macarthnr, where, in 'tbe evening, he was to deliver a lecture entitled : ?' The Spectres of History." To-day the Bishop will bold Bervioeat Wickliffe, and to-morrow tbe ceremony of laying the comer stone of toe new church bnilding at Dunkeld .will.take place, with lecture in toe evening. 'Members- of the congtegstaon at Hamilton are invited to attend the ceremony at Dun keld, the hour being fixed ao that they will be able to leave by tbe 1 o'clock train and return at 5 p.m. the " temperance news." — Some body bos been an April fool of the Editor of the Temperance Sews, who in his issue of let April has been induced to pub lish a very ridiculous version ol the matter of the granting of a license for Mr,' Stewart's hotel on the Coleraine road. In the first place it is stated that " the ratepayers showed by a very large majority that in that district there was no desire for an increase in the number of hotels." As a matter, of feet, ont of 672 ratepayers, 191 decided for no in crease. There were 64 votes for increasing , the number of hotels from one license np to 1000 licenses, and there. were. 115 informal papers intended to be cast in favour of an increase, but rendered invalid because the voters omitted to state how many new licenses they would support. Tbe writer next states that Mr. Stewart's boose is a " new house," whereas it was licensed for many years under the name of tbe Brewers' Arms. The third mis -statement is that "the Stipendiary Magistrate was tola by bis cleric be was contravening the Art.'! Nothing of the kind could have , happened, -ss the dis covery was not made until some time after the granting of the license that another hotel (the Baceoourae Inn), then closed, was within the Borough boundary. . . When Mr. Stewart s application was dealt with, it was supposed by toe Bench, and by the solicitors engaged on both sides, that the Racecourse Hotel was inside the boundary, and therefore that its closing would have left a vacancy for toe granting of another license within the municipality. Had this hotel been on the right hand, instead of toe left-hand side of the road, it would have been inside the Borongh, and had the clerk made the statement attributed to him it is afmost impoRKihln it could have escaped toe attention of toe three magistrates on the Bench, of toe solicitor who appeared to oppose the granting of the license ; and of the police who also objected on the same side. The article in the Temperance News winds np by .stating that the writer is " driven to the noncloaion cither that the Police Magis trate was most inexcusably Ignorant of toe law, or most have deliberately determined to discard an act of Parliament." It will be seen that neither of these conclusions is War ranted by the facts. The Licensing Bench could only deal with the case as placed he- fore them, and if a mistake was made as to the exact number of licenses then in force within the borongh through the boundaries not being clearly defined, it was the fanlt of the objectors to the granting of the licenae, who should have discovered the point and made use of it at the time . the race club.— Owing to the paucity of attendance at the Race Club meeting at the Victoria Hotel on Saturday, there was no business transacted. Several of the members desire ' to hold a winter meeting— a very sensible proposal, and one toat shoold be supported — bat there is not much chance of a, day's sport being arranged, sinless those who are interested in the wel fare of the Clnb turn np at the meetings. a robbery.— Mr. Schumann, of Croxton, had a rather unpleasant experience on last Sunday. He attended church at Hochkirch, and. on bis return found that bis house had been entered, and a quantity of clothing stolen. . Information was given to the Hamilton police, -who have traced toe thief to Hochkirch, ' and from thence to Redruth. coursing. — The Western District Coursing -Glub held its annual meeting at toe Victoria Hotel on Saturday afternoon. There iwaa tat a limited attendance of members. The follo wing programme was arranged for the season :-May ,6th sod- -7th, Pappy Stakes, and All Aged Stakes ; July 1st and 2nd, Western- District Cup; August 30th and 31st, " Bracelet " meeting. Full par ticulars will appear in "oar advertising col umns shortly. xiondon comedy Oojti'ant. —His company is announced to appear at the Town Hall for the first rime this evening, and will perform for three successive nights. The principal attraction appeara to be "Little .Annie Bead " whose age is only nine years, but "whose acting is described as unequalled. One of our contemporaries alludes to Read as a " perfect little marvel," another calls her a "little fairy," whilst a third states that she is a "marvellous little Artiste. " The papers all agree that toe young lady is "little," and appear to he nnanimous about her performances being good ; it may safely be said therefore that the play-goers of the town have a treat in store for toem. The company ia under .the direction of Mr. D'Aroy Read, wbo is well : known in toe theatrical world as toe exhibitor of " The . Ghost." _ dunkeld oouesdto club. — The an nual meeting ef the Dunkeld Coursing Clnb was held on Saturday at Woodhead's Hotel. The balance-sheet submitted by toe hen. sec (Mr. C. H. Watson) showed a credit balance from last season of £7, which was considered very satisfactory. Mr. Jno. Ritchie qras re elected president ; Messrs. W. Gow and Jno. Cameron vice-presidents ; and Mr.' Geo. A. Bull was appointed ban. sec. hhd treasurer (vice Mr. C. H. Watson resigned). Mr. David Clark was elected slipper. It was de rided to run an Allaged Stake and Puppy Stake at £1 Is each on Wednesday, llto May ; nominations to dose on Saturday 7 th May. ' An nnanimous vote of thanks was mssed to Afa. Bfrtofe, who acted as honored services. Hara are very plentifol analgSod season's sport ia anticipated. free-trade pamphlets.— We have ; received .from the Hon. Josaph Jones cfiBiss of ee veral small works owned .by the Cobdca Club, together with other publications relat- iiw toPretaTOdm . A similar, -reltastion, we understand, has been formided to toe Ham ilton dob and , Mechanics' Institute. The works compnae the " Western Fanner of America," also "Free-trade and Engtiah Comineroe", by AngQStnsMtagrediefi;»5Keci- proeity," a letter by Sir Louis Mallet; " The NewProteetionOry,"by Economist; "Foreign Competition," by Thou. Whitteker, re- Fiscal System of Victoria," a paper read be- focetoe Sooalfldeoce Coograss by Edward J ones acoompanios the gilt stock and station sales. — Messrs. ; Etterahank, Eagiestoae, and Mann report having sold, on account of Messrs. Matheson arid HaodonaUL their Killers Station, sit uated in toe Darling District, New Sontb Wales, consisting of ,13 blocks of country, tqgetber uh.ii purchased land, 144,768 sheep, cattle, horses, working riant, Ac., to Messrs. C. F. Mackmnon and Co., at a satisfactory figure. Terms Cash. — Messrs. Richard Gib son and Co. report having arid toe Bingarra Station, in toe Worrego district' of Queens land, comprising the runs Lower Eulo Right, Meta,JBtMrqjithara, Bingarra North, Bingarra Houth. Bingarra East, Pbdmore West, Werie ' Ela West, Werie Ela, Goemilla, Bnndilla, Kieni, containing an area of 416,000 acres, together with 7500 cattle, horses, Ac., Mr. -nitocitai I Brooke being the purchaser. - - the yictobian revenue returns were published on Saturday. The returns for the quarter are£l,427,667, an improvementof £170,680 npon the returns for the corres ponding quarter of last year. Tbe greatest increase is in the railway revenue, which is in excess of the corresponding quarter by £58,958. The' Hobson's Bay lines also show an increase of £ 5,886. The increase at the Gustoms is £55,000. The beer duty yielded £27,319 Ior the quarter, and goes to swell toe total gain. Nine months of the financial year are now over, and during that period toB'fceoeipta have amounted to £3,777,620. The.net increase of revenue for toe term over the corresponding nine months is £321,946. publications received. — We have reoeivad tbe Melbourne Bedew for toe current month, and will take an early opportunity of saying something more about it. The Imperial Bedew is also to hand, and ia fully np to toe standard of former issues. That bandy little publication Cobb and CD's Travellers' Gtade for April has reached os, arid as usual, it contains a quantity of useful Information. In fact it may be regarded as toa.tn.veller's node meeam. the governor and sir samuel. — The Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat paper says : His Excellency toe Governor is credited, rightly or wrongly, with being toe real mover in Sir Samuel Wilson's action, the Marquis of Nonnanby bring especially anxious to add a feather in his cap and cover fomanlf with glory in settling the reform question that baa baffled bis predecessors. Sir Samnel spoke of "circumstances " to which he could not refer that constrained him to take this action, and other members also spoke of matters which they could not dis close. I am told that all this refers to toe Marquis's endeavours to get the members of toe Council to consider the bill and to have it in some form passed into law. We have, therefore, another influence at work, which may lead us to think that toe bill will not be readily stifled. I do not endorse the state ment, bnt it is freely said that Sir Samuel is a great friend of the Governor's, and that with his help be hopes when he gets to Eng land to obtain a baronetcy. Indeed people eay that Sir Samnel ia to buy an estate and may become a baron. It is to be presumed the Governor did not draw np the amend ment, seeing that Sir W. H. F. Mitchell could not read it, and it waa abominably worded. the injured jockey. — The jockey, Thornton, wbo was injured by a fall in the Hurdle race at Peuehurst, last Thursday week, waa in Hamilton yesterday. He bas quite recovered from the effects of toe mis hap, but has toe mark of a nasty cut under bis mouth. new south wales revenue. — Although New South Wales is a free-trade colony, and the people there are not blessed with a Mr. Berry as treasurer, somehow or other toe revenue still keeps up. A tele gram to the Argus eays " From the revenue returns for the quarter ending March, it appears that thetotal sum received from taxation was £347,736, showing an in crease of £74,566, on the corresponding quar ter of last year. The land revenue for the same period reached to £611,462, bring an increase of £325,362. The railway receipts for the quarter were £291,914, also showing a considerable increase, while toe Post-office yielded £72,352. HieGastoinsgave£2S5,7U, being an increase cf £28,875. In fact, every department of revenue shows an increase. This sort of tiring must he very annoying to the Victorian 'powers that he.' " breach of the stock act. — Fri day's Movent Gambler Star reports that a case of considerable interest to stockrownera was set down for hearing at the Mount Gambier police court yesterday, in which James Bolshy of the Bently hop gardens, and James Thomson, of Blackwood farm, Wooro- long, were chaiged wito having creased sheep over the Ardno crossing into South Australia from Victoria without having a permit in writing so to do, as required by clause 1, of Act 8, of 1863. Mr. Inspector Wells of Penola, who prosecuted on behalf of the gov ernment proposed to withdraw both cases on payment of cosls in consequence of the severity of toe penalty, and toe offence having been committed purely through ignorance of the law. The defendants accepted, and the cases were withdrawn on payment of 31s each. This should act as a caution against persons similarly offending, as toe lowest penalty allowed by. the Act is £50 and the highest £100. The information recently beard at Narracoorte against Mr. Angus McKinnon, of Kingston, and under which -he was fined £50 or six weeks' im- prisonment, was lam turner the same Act as toe above. Messrs. Kilaby and Thompson may congratulate themselves on escaping tons lighuy. diseases in stock. — There appears to be a growing feeling in the other colonies (eays the Ape) tost we stand in great danger of a visitation cf foot and month diwuan and plenro-pneumonia. The Chief Secretary has received a communication from New South Wales. suggesting that a conference of stock inspectors should take place, and he has written in reply expressing his willingness that such a meeting should be arranged. In the reply Mr. Berry bas mentioned that a select committee bas been sitting in this colony on toe subject, and that they have sent in a most valuable report on the ques tion, which may, on perusal, be generally adopted. He baa caused copies of toe report to be forwarded to the Governments of toe other colonies. The Chief Secretary has also received a report from Mr. Moore of Tas mania, intimating toat tbe Government or that calony do not employ an inspector of atock, bnt that they would adopt any pre cautionary measures a joint conference might think it wise to recommend. It is highly probable that prohibition will be recom mended, and that horses will be included in the list of prohibitions. A Fey intoxicated. — A wager of a somewhat nnnsna! nature was laid on Satur day, (says toe Pleasant Creek News) in toe bar of Cranston's Star HbteL Two friends were having a " nip " of brandy, when a fly was discovered in one of toe glasses lying motionless on top of toe liquor. A debate ensued as to whether the fly was drunk or dead, when one of toe friends offered to bet the other £1 and three drink, that he would take the insect in hand and make him fly away within minutes. The accepted, the laid down on the counter, and opera tions commenoed at once. The wagerer who had undertaken the enre, struck a match and waved it slowly over the fly, n drying toe liquor from its wings. Taking it in his haqds the warmth farther revived toe insect, which forthwith arawled np toe sleeve of his coat. On being again placed in tbe palm of the experimentahstis band the " subject" flew away.' The money was pocketed by the winner, the.liqnor drunk, and the friends separated, one of them having received a lesson in natural history which should be remembered by him, applications approved. — The fol lowing applications for leases have been approved : — Michael King, Tyrendarra ; Hector Morrison. Croxton East and West; Thomas Napier, Panyyabyr : Fred. J. Jones, Nirranda ; Geoige Turvey, Mirranatwa. The following applications for licenses have been approved .i.— John T. Kays, Mokanger; F. Nelson (g), Wsngoom Applications for grants have been approved as follows : — Under Section 20r-J&mes; Troter, Weeran- gonit. Under Section 4— -Robert W. Barber, Biltyl-wyt ; Neil Cameron, John W. Rales, Syuiiam P. - Fanning, Anne Page,' Boram Boratn; Donald Minn, Coleraine; 'Mary M Kenxie, Lismore j Henrietta Bawle, Rliza Rawle, flahmpl Rawle, senior, Woorndoo ; William Taylor, lismore. . news, prom mount poole.— The following telegramhas been raCrivedby the Minister of Mmee fromWarden Thompson, Mr-Mount Boole -r-MAst We<& fire men nteriy ;pe»itoed,- rina their ieren ' horeee periahed on the New Bourim track., They toree days and xirgfats without fort, Grie m»n cut Tria tan, and drank his rind Hity were all neatly mad when they got to the water at Millbring. There is no water I on the Bourke track for 120 miles, and men will perish if they come that way. last week large numbers of people left the diggings. I reserved toe Peak waterhole for domestic use, so as to enable toe people to get water on. the road. On Sunday, we had 1 -20in. of steady soaking rain, but it did nut put any water in the creek at the diggings. The mailman says the rain did not pat any water in the holes between here and Cobham Lake." 