UNDER THE VERANDAH. Mr. M'Koan might have, had a portfolio ! Sir Bryan O'Loghlen on his bended knoea he- sought tho giant to take office. But his was a soul abovo buttons. Ho scorned tho proffer — and why? According to his own historical painting tho future is to behold him with his cyo3 fixed upon tlio Lakes' Entrance, rapt in a vision of its commercial capacities, while wav ing his hand majestically, much 'as Cromwell is supposed to have dono when lie uttered tho famona sentence, " Tnko away that bauble !" But was tbcro no motivo for this self-abnega tion — no recollection of the votes of censure passed against him by tho local reform leagues when ho first deserted the Liberal Ministry ? It is the young and callow cocka-; tooa who lose their seats in the . vain endeavor to feather their nests' with Ministe rial salaries. Old birds of the M'Kcan type aro much more wary. Thoy have beon" too often shot at ever to fiy into the line of firo. A cautious man, though of tho mammoth spe cies, is Mr. M'Kcoa. Ho is not One' wlio sees' No charm In tropliics.won with ease ; Whoso rarest. Ucarcst fruits of hiiss Arc pluck'd on Danger's precipice. No thank you ; no portfolio just now. Con- eider. that one must face one's constituents be fore gotting it. Indeed the wily ' veteran is preparing to cover his final retreat, for ho announces Ids intention to retire from poli tics altogether. Not try. North Gippslaud again, my hold friend ! I am shoeked at your modesty— perfectly astounded by ibis self- sacrifice. "There arc to ho no more political appoint ments" says Mr. Bent, and what is more, takes credit to himself for having prevented Mr. Sergeant from obtaining' the Bell-street Stnto school. Of course everybody lenows that Mr. Sergeant's appointment to tho post had been as good as made, and with Mr. Bent's knowledge too, until another candidate with friends at court presontedhimself uponthesoeno. A potent agent of tho -Conservative secret societies, who lias a brother in tho scrvico,; cariviggcd the press, didn't ho? his associates in the Registration Society, bullied: the JMlq-. istry, didn't thoy ? and when sufficient pres sure had been brought to bear, didn't Mr. Salt's conscience assert itself ? He is a pure miuded man tin's Bent, and as > sifon as the thing was put to him in that light! ho con fessed liis error and shuddered with pious thankfulness to think of liiB escape froin sin. As long as it was n question of appeasing Sergeant's friendB, Sergeant' carried tho day, but when a Jones appeared Upon ?ho scene, tho promises to Sergeant wore made burnt offerings before his shrine. To have given tho post to an ex-politician, when tlio brother of a Conservative agent was in tlie field, would clearly liavo been a . gross im morality. In the interest of political purity therefore, Mr. Bent spurned Sergoaut and embraced Jones ; and what i3 more, has had tho effrontery to call mankind to witness his feat of transacting a political job, while de nouncing political jobbery. Unhappy Benambra Peter ! Where is the colonial Burns that can Bing thy woes ? Portly art thou, and of ruddy countenance, well preserved and with a twinkling eye, and still thou pinest like young Don Juan for his Julia. Thou canst not find a pair ! No ! Though it is now nigh to the mating season, and birds aro piping near and far, Peter paces tho .'pave ment slill alone, and, saddened by his mourn ful quest, is becoming as palo as tho ghosts that wander by tho Stygian flood. For Peter has urgent business in England calling hhn away tliis four months. Profits cry como, hut Peter, as a stanch politician, fears to fiy until ho has persuaded a Liberal to pair with him, so that his party may lose no vote. Tims this pauso ! Thus this anxiety ! 1 Thus a perambulating Peter praying for a pair. The Rev. Samuel Hcbditch seems to he a very simple minded man, for ho indulges in simplo pleasures, and runs over the list of them in a very simple way. In tho course of his farewell speech last week ho enumerated tlio festivities which have made his life in Victoria pass very pleasantly. Ho had been, he Baid, to tho Exliibition, to tho Congrega tional Union, and to the Melbourne Cup, and his final conclusion is that " There is some thing remarkable about tho colony." It may seem to some oi us that tho reverend gentle man likes his outings diversified, and that for liini to ho stepping in an airy v.-ay out of his church conclave into the grand stand shows that there is " something remarkable" about tho clergyman who is just leaving us. A cortain accountant distinguished himself by his coolness during the terrible railway acci dent of last week, though I fancy that soma of tho'talcs concerning him, which are now ob taining circulation, aro somowhat apocryphal. Thus the legend that wheu discovered pinned by one arm to . the wreck of the carriago lie was amusing himself with tho other figuring out tho probable cost of new carriages lacks inherent credibility. Tlio second version, that he was really estimating tho value of a certain mechanical brake in which he is in terested, 1b also somewhat improbablo ; hut the third solution, .that he was totting up tho damages lie could claim from the department because of bis injuries, is certainly the most reasonable of alb" That able preacher, Mr. Gosman, was, I fancy, assuming a slightly Pharisaic at titude when, as a Congregationalist, ho rejoiced that bis church was not as much troubled as thai poor publican — tho Presbyterian body — which is at pro- sent smiting its own breast rather soverely. There arc no quibbles, rays he, ns to Congre gational orthodoxy. But in saying so he for gets the dispute concerning Mr. Lynch'a little ' book of hymns, entitled the Kivulot, for defoud- ' ing which the Rev. Thomas Binucy and six of iliis brethren were suspected of heresy by ; members of tliia very denomination I Were there no quibbles tlion ? ' Have thoy over really ceased? Mr. Gosman whnts' Prcaby- terianB to go over to the Coiigrcgatioaalists, just as a Church of England clergyra'aii tho other' day' urged them to join with tho Kpisco-- pal body. - But a denomination is not to be knocked down to the highest bidder in this way.' If Mr. Gosman could annex tho Wilsons and M'Eacln-ans, while the Bishop nppro- priated the Kcntauls and Campbolls, the Presbyterians would be a very prosperous, in- tcllectual and influential body. Though for that matter every thinking man would rojoico if the three would only blend on fair and equal terms. Tho summary way in which we deal with the South Sea Inlanders whom wo wish to civiliso and christianise out of hand is not al together calculated, I Bhould think, to inspire thorn with extremo contidenco ; yetif wo aro to believe tho official reports, tlio educational system we employ is mast effectual. .Some times these documents seem to my untutored mind to bo not ontirely without ironical, signifi cance. Thus I road this week that H.M.S. Wolvereno visited Now Guinea, when . " Kato wua Burruuuuuu, uuu iuuir iiuuvea wcro killed, including the chief. Three > seamen belonging to tlio Wolverene wcro wounded, but thoy are now recovering. The result ef the commodore's visit to tlic islands is very satisfactory, and at tlietiino of his leaving, tho natives showed friendliness towards tho British flag." Of course thoy did. A cliiof and throe others killed ! Who could resist such blandish ments? ' Jonah was tlireo days and three nights in: the whale's belly, yet I-don't know but what he was better off .than tlio members of tho New Zealand ' Assembly,; which , recently re-; moincd in session for the same period. It is not recorded what amusements may liavo been open' to. the. prophet wlion hi confinement, but if he had any tasto for natural history or any theory as to, diet or digestion I oaii imagine, that he managed to while his time aw'iiy hot unpleasantly. At all events bo had his coll to .himself— that is supposing the small fry of tlio iinhy world to count for nothing. And doubt less ho suffered all tlio punishment lie de served. At alt events I ain glad for his sake that ho was not shut up in a debating room for seventy-five consecutive hours nnd con demned to listen to nn unending flow of menn- inglcss verbiage, for that is surely a torture fit Only for the damned. The members may liavo somewhat relieved each other by appearing in relays only when tlio voting re quired it ; hut what of the Chairman of Com mittees, who was supposed to listen to lliem all? I should think that lie would have hailed n whale's belly as a perfect havon of peace. For my part I sympatliiso a little with Jonah aud a good deal with the whale, hut not at all with tho New Zealand repre sentatives. Noxt to Dr. Tnnncr's fast such foolish trials of physical endurance as are in volved in tlic attempt to put up and pull down a legislative "stone wall" seem, to me tho silliest of modern sillinesses. Poor Jonah couldn't help himself, and unless my ideas of the furniture of a whato'a private apartments are incorrect, wasn't at all sorry when his en tertainer began the process of eviction ; but tbeso babblers could help themselves, only, like stupid schoolboys, thoy must stop to out- bul'y oach other, and liavo tho last word in the wrangle. ATT reus. 