freemasonry Defined. (Freemasons' Monthly Magazine. I hare joined the Masonic fraternity, Mr. Editor. I am a free and accepted eon, or brother, or whatever it is, of that mysterious organization. 1 have belonged to many secret societies in my. time—I have been an Orangeman, and a son of Temperance, and a Fenian, aud, if I re member aright, I once belonged to a gang of coiners—but this Masonic arrangement, this institution of the compass and square, distances them all. 1 have often wondered what sort of a thing a Mason was—in what respects be differed from an ordinary being. Again and again have I. pumped persons who I thought knew what was what, with a view of hading out - something regarding these queer men, but it was no go. Miim was the word ; and those who could tell wouldn't, and those who would couldn't; but further infor mation I was to go and find out. I had a vague idea of my own that a Mason was a sort of supernatural being ; a regular ring tailed roarer, with- horns . and hoofs to match, who would come down the chimney or get through the key-hole, and disappear like a flash of lightning—a chap that would knock blazes out of a fellow with a wink of his eye, and of whom the devil himself was afraid. There is one singular thing connected with Masonry of which you are perhaps not aware, and. that is, a Mason never dies. Occasionally it is given out that a brother has departed this life, and the fraternity is respectfully summoned to do honor to his remains ; but it is all a sham, a big swindle, gotten up to throw dust in the eyes of the uninitiated. The coffin is stuffed full of bricks, and deposited with due solemnity in the cemetery, while the brothers and friends are blubbering their eyes out over the graved of the dear de parted, and the departed ;is enjoying him self in the back room of soine hotel, preparatory to leaving for parts unknown. It is a fact, Mr. Editor, Masons never die. They may change . their appearance «tid move off to other spheres, but as for dyiug, they can't do it. It is supposed that, after they have transacted wicked ness enough on this earth, they, are transformed into'comets aud meteors, and go wandering through 'space, kicking up shines-and raising the devil generally. And agreat many people suppose that the !last meteoric display Wits nothing more nor less thana free tight' between some- rival lodgeB that have erossed each other's path —the diff< rent colored lights betokeuing the different degrees they had acquired in tlie.fleS)U;:. . - I Freemasonry is of ah ancient date, as pruVed by the fact that-duri«g the wet season, Noah used to hold meetings iu the .corner of theark. - -He was obliged to give it ap, however, owing to the curiosity of Mrs. Noah, who, notwithstanding the fact that her hueband plased a big pair of lions anda big crocodile at the door as outside guard, came pretty near hading out the secret, and starting a female rlodge on h ?r own book. I must t ;ll you the perils and trials I1 bad toundargo to become a Mason. On the evening in question I presented myself all the door of the lodge-room. No. 66,066, signs of the skoli-and. crass^-bdnes. I was conducted to the ante- room, where -five or six melancholy chaps in sashes and .em broidered napkins',were waiting.to receive tie. .' Qp my entrance they ailgo* np ^4 tarned&£ack«amer^lt*a|>d4hen^oietljfr' tesumecfthey: seats. A big fatf ellow, Who satin tjlie jmiddle, and who seemedtobfi the proprietor, then said, " Sinner from the: outward world, advance.'' I ad vanced. " Will you give tip everything to join us?" " " Not if I know it," said L V There's my wife arid fourteen fine—" (Another party here told me it was a "mere matter of- form.) . The fellows in the towels then groaned, and said, " 'Tis well." " Doyou swear never to reveal anything you may see *or hear this even ing, not to your wife ?" I said, " 'Pon I my;word, I wall not." They .then ex amined my teeth and felt' my muscles, aqd made me put but thy touguej and then groaned again. I said, **'lf yoa don't feel well, I have got-a little, bottle here thatHere the fat man took the bottle from me, and told me^to shut up. He then, in a voice sbf thunder, said, " Bring forth the goat." Another fellow then' cathe forth' to Wind fold me. " No, you'1 don^t*'Mr/Mason,'' I said;" no,trick on travellers^ if you please. I'<ion'tbelieve in placing blind man's buff withagoat. I'll ride the devil if you like, hut I don't" go it blind. Stand back,or I'll knock you into smithe reens." They were too much, for me, however, and I had to Bubmit to be blind folded. The goat was then led in, and I could-hear- hira making an awful racket among the furniture. I began to feel that I was urgently wanted at home, but I was in for it and could not help myself. Three or four fellows then seized me, and with a demoniacal laugh pitched me on the animal's back, telling me at the same time to look out for squalls. I have been in a good many scrapes, Mr. Editor- - I've been in an elec tion fight, I've been pitched ont of a four-storey window, I have gone down in a railroad collision, and up in a steam boat explosion, but this great excursion was ahead -of them all. The confounded thing must be all wings and hornB. It humped me against the tables and the stove and the ceiling, but' I hung on like i a Trojan. It turned front somersaults, 1 and rolled over till I thought it was all over with me. . I was just on the point of giving up when the bandage fell from mine eyes, and the goat bounded through the window with a yell like a Camanche j Indian giving up the ghost. I was in a ' Lodge of Masons. They were dancing a war dance around a skull, and playing , leapfrog and turning handsprings, and the big fat fellow of the ante-room was standing,on his head in the corner finish ing the contents of my little bottle. Order was soon restored, and I was led up to a desk and told to stand at my ease. The chief engineer of the estab lishment then put his thumb to his nose, and stretching his fingers in the shape of a fan towards me, commanded silence. The rest of the brethren did likewise, and were silent. The governor then addressed me " Brother Knobb, you are now one of us. You are now a member of an institution that has las led over ten millions of years. From this time hence your constitution is Bound. You are impervious to light or heat, or any other atmospheric influence. Tou are water proof, fire-proof, and over-proof. With impunity you may walk through the lake, or sit ou a red-hot stove ; with impunity drink aquafortis, rye. whisky, Wahoo bitters, or any ether poisonous substance. You are free from rheumatism, dyspepsia, whooping-cough, and the measles. The sheriff dare not seize you for debt nor the policeman for misdemeanor. You Are one of us, and you are safe. Here is the password ; with that and a big club you can get into-any lodge in Christendom.". I then stood the whisky and water all the way round, and I was a free and accepted Mason. Those American settlers and pioneers are j determined steady men and womeu. Here is an illustration which may be of service to Australiaus: James Abram Garfield, the tweutieth Fresideut of the United States was born in 1831, in Ohio, fie was the youngest of the four children of a simple pioneer in the forests of Ohio, whoj having cleared some laud, built a log cabin, and sown some corn, died on his selection while the youngest child was an infant. The widowed -mother kept the home and the children about her ; managed somehow to | plough, and plant,, and gather in ber scanty harvests ; made her children's clothing with her own hands,, and ' performed a. like ser vice for the family of a neighboring shoe maker, in return for: which he made rude, but substantial, shoes for the little Garfields; and during the winter months, when the j country was covered with saow, and no work 1 could be done on the farm, taught her child- j ren herself, and as they were old enough ' seut them to the neighboring : district school. This school her youngest boy attended for seven years—from his third to his tenth year. At that period he was com pelled to share in the labor of the farm. He was from childhood intellectually precocious, and read, before his eighth , year, not only the few books his poor mother could procure, but everything he could borrow from the scanty libraries of the neighbors.. The Sydney Evening News says:—Mr. H. Maguire, of Lower George-street has given considerable time and attention to the working out pf " Hanlan's secret," and judg ing from a model of a sliding "seat he ex hibited at this office to-day, seems in a fair way to produce a " secret" in a wager boat that will astonish watermen. A boat fitted with Mr. Macguire's iugeuious contrivance, for such it most be termed, will, he esti mates, when pulled over a course which occupies 24min. in an ordinary boat, com plete the same distance in 8min. less time. ' The inventor is a firm believerthat American inventive genius was laid under contribution by Hanlan in his sculling contests. The full conrt of New South Wales have decided that riugbarking is an improvement for.-which conditional purchasers, in selecting land in that colony on the lease of a Crown teuant, may havetopay compensation. The seamen on board the detached squad ron are not allowed ou shore, except under certain conditions for fear they will desert in such numbers as to compel .the fleet re maining in Australian watera are indefinite period. Here is a wrinkle from the United States for oar agriculturists. It has become qui^te a eu-stom in America to graft the toinato ujwn the p >ta o. The result of the grafting n that a crop oif jxit- itoes is obtained beneath tho surface, and ft crop of tocuatos above. The Observer kaya—One more bachelor lost to the all :too plentiful roll which .we keep.in our sanctum! Mr. M. J. Abrahams, .the well-known and universally respected agent for the ^Ily and ;Leon Company, was yes terday bound in the bonds of holy matri .mony to Miss Hetty Crouclier, a > oung lady actress who will; ere long make an enviable reputation on the stage. WiUiatiTiTurlong Ijas /been, appointed poundkfeeper at Charieville. , i At a luccfjng of the. shareholders of the v^o. 1 northPhoenix claim, Gympie,'£100,000 was refused for (be tpine. They value it at £i9o^ooa "''•' • •• At Jhe^WAdelaideracem^ting the bets made through the tot&liaator; came to tvoenty • two thott8and pounds. ' ' "" The people of , R^khamptonaowwant-a railway constructed froth that town to Port Alma, "even if it Bhoald involve tiie'stop page of the river worka." By all means let the river works be stopped tad save the public parse, but instead of taking the line to Port Alma, let it go to Gladstone. The Melbourne hounds had a run of twenty miles one day recently. Holloway's Ointment asd Pilis.— Sores, Wounds, and Ulcers.—Every variety of sore, ulcer, eruption, boil, and carbuncle, is safely stopped in its destruc tive course by the .timely application of this healing Ointment. It arrests un healthy and substitutes healthy, action, thus curing the . inflamed, irritable and spreading diseases affecting the skin. Holloway's Ointment has gained an imperishable fati^e for its facility in heal ing old inflammatory sores about the shins andancle8,and for bad legs and old wounds it cannot be equalled; nor is it less efficaeiousin gathered breasts and abscesses. When the compliant has been of long continuance, Holloway's Pills will ex pedite recovery, if taken in those doses which act as alteratives on the stomach, and tonics on the constitution. 