M0BNIN3 GALLOPS. Teb Old Oouesh— Satcbdat. The gallops doce this morning partook of the sensational character, the two cracks who are running such a dose race for favouritism in the Onn beinc sent at their too. in tbe nr^ sence of several hundred gpectators, with any number of ' clocks' taking note of their speed. Both performed in a highly satisfactory manner, bat although the watches tell us that Progress travelled a trifle faster than Mata, we liked the New Zealandet's gallop best. At a quarter past 6 a number of horsea in clothes were walking about under the trees preparatory to being stripped, but Mr. Fexry'gJ string, which arrived a quarter of an hour later, were the first; to patronise the running ground. When The Joker had finished a mild canter, the watches were intro duced to metal .more attractive in the shape of Mata, Suwarrow, and Lothair. With their Cup riders in the »addls these three trotted on to tbe Course proper, and cantered at a alow pace to the one - and - three - quarter post, when they jumped off, Mata and Sawarrow being started a dozen leegtha in front of Lothair, who appeared to have a very light weight np. The first quarter of a mile was dona at a com paratively slow pace, bnt then the pressure waa clapped on and the three ran once round at a great pace. Sawaxrow stack to Mata to the top of the bill, where the bay drew_ away and witn Lothair catching kawarrow in the straight be finished a length and a half behind Mata, and the .came dis tance in front of his stable companion. Mata appeared to be going very comfortably through out, and as be did tbe once round in 2 vain. 45 sees, with shoes on and apparently_a big weight up, the gallop must be set down as a really good one. On pulling np, however, 500 to 450 was laid twice, Progress v. Mata. Koebuck sad Helmet worked singly at a moderate pece, and then Oock of the Walk, who is a very s'ippery customer, ran once round on tbe tan at a fast pace, and then picked np Priest for another turn. They ran together for half the distance, when Cock of the Walk sailed away from his companion. Progress, ridden by Hales, then accompanied Savanaka on to the Course proper, and tbey started at a racing pace from the mile and a half post. At tbe south eastern comer Savanaka retired, and on the top of the hill Result and Kohinoor started in front of Progress to bring him home. With very light weights in tbe saddle they held their own comfortably to tbe winning post. Progress was ridden right oat and finished tbe round in 1 min. 44J eecs. Spanish Lady ran a fast six furlongs alone, and then Richmond and President did two circuits of the training track. Old Richmond went very sluggishly, and tbe second round took them 2 min. 3 sec. He polled up very tender in the bargain, and after being rabbed down could scarcely pat his off hind leg to the ground. Be has a wonderful knack of overcoming these little difficulties, however, and there appeared to be very little the matter with him when he was led off the Course a quarter of an hour afterwards. Vagabond, .Rifleman, and Taxaraxacnm cantered, and then Rifleman did a fast extender by himself. Marie, with Corrigan in the saddle, was taken on to.the Course proper for a gallop, with Billy Natts, but she refused to go a yard, and Corrigan pulled her up after going a mile. Billy Natts ren true for a mile in 57 sec. Gaspipe, Clifton, acd several others worked tbe black aa usual, bounding over the ground in fine style. In the afternoon Odd Trick did fair work. This horse looks somewhat big, but he is a round-barrelled animal, and, judging from the wsy he pulled np after a smart round, his con dition must be very good. Afterwards Marie did two miles with EilduiT up at a strong pace. MOBFHfirrrn.LE. Tothill was down early with D.O.D., Fic titious, Pawnbroker, and Abbot. Tbe first Lamed did a couple of smart rounds by himself, with neck sweaters on. Fictitious did good work, and is improving in condition every day. B. Yeend had Acrobat and Blue Ribbon down for a pipe-opener. After cantering once round by himself Blue Ribbon started from tbe mile and-a-half post at a gieat pace. He was picked up in tbe last mile by the hurdle race r, and both came home very faafc. Blue Ribbon is a lazy customer in private, and will not race without company. Walker took tbe whip from the lad on Acrobat coming down tbe straight, aDd *book it at him, which had the desired effect. Trevallyu went once roocd the track and was brought home from the six furloDgs post by Britannia, wbo lost the colt. Ruby and Maid of all Work did good werk together, finishing up f*at. Rothschild and First Water worked together during two milfs at a strong pace, but the Oup colt had cot a ghost of a «how with First Water, who had a very light weight np. The last calf-mile w»s doDe in 52J sec. Spectre and Ancie Firmin did tbree-quar'erg of s mile in 1 min. 25 sec. Topaz snd Totali zator did slow work together. Claimant and Oration did a couple of turna slowly. 