SHUFFLING OFF. Tna Forrest Amateur Dramatic Assoola* tion, ol Philadelphia, ^as playing 'Venlco Preserved.' J. Z. Little and n young man. named) I think, White, niBumcdtlie parts ol Plorre and Jafiler. In tho Inst soono, whore both tho conspirators die, Littlo had to give tip tho ghost first, whioh ho did to 11,* n.nnt -ntlsln«llnn nf (lin staggering all ovor tho plnoo, nnd giving convulsive gasps, oto., takiDg euro, however, to givo his last klok In tho oxaot oontro ot the Btogo. The othor tragedian thon oommonoed hia go-as-yon-plento walk around preparatory to Bhuflllng off, It scorns that ho also had mado calculations to dio on this desirable spot, nnd, finding himsoll baulked in this, be determined to fall as near tho oontro as possiblo. As tho oirolo of Whito's otapgorjng boonmo smallor. Littlo booamo visibly uneasy. Ilo boro it manfally, however, until Whito began to tottor nB if ready to drop. Then his ooumgo loft him, ond, oastlng nsldo ovory regard for appoaran cob, ho olootriflcd tho nudionco by sitting p suddenly ond crawling noaror to tho wing', when ho ngnin laid himsoll ont. ' Tho other inoidont ooonrred at M'Vioker's Theatre, Chicago, in thoso good old days whon stook oompanies flourished, and tho bill was ohangod wookly. This nocosBitntod a great deal of studying and hastilygotten up oostumes. I don't remembor muoh about tho plot of the play, except that a young girl, in lovo with tho hero, disguised 'hcrsolf ns a pago, in order to follow him in a battle, whoro eho is Blain. On tho firBfc night Manager M'Vioker, who was nnd is very particular about matters ot dress, disoovorod that the young womnn who took tho part of tho pngo hnd slippors on. 'Don'i yon know any bettor than to wear slippers (in a field of battlo?' ho demanded. Sho timidly replied that ' eho had had neither time nor money to get boots on such short notioe.' 'Well, said M'Vioker, 'you muBt borrow a pair, or do somothing, for I certainly shall not allow you to go on in thoso slippors.' The poor gill was in despair, until tho good-natured lending man, seoing her diBtreBS, tondortd her tho loan of a pair ot top-boots, an offer whioh she gladly nccoptod, in lieu of nothing better. Thoy wore rather largo, to bo sure, but eho managed to navigato in them protty woll, and things wont on Bmoothly until tho scene ol hor doath. Whilo Bhe is lying dead on the bnttlo-fiold tho horo and his servant meander in, and, discovering who she is, tho former delivers a touching eulogy over her remains, nnd then orders his servant to take hor off, whilo ho in dulges in an effective soliloquy a la tho melancholy Dono. As the man dragged her off by tlio arm-pits, tlio , poor page found that in spite of her frantic efforts to keep them on, sho waa slowly and surely being pulled out of her boota. Tho man kept on pulling, however, nntil he had her iu the wings, end the big boots wero left on tho stage with tho dis consolate horo. Imagino his loelingB I especially when a Btnall voioe from tho gallery piped ont, 11 She left them for re membrances.' While I have been writing thiB 'ower truo . tale,' an nmUBing Btory, related to mo by an old rotired aotor, ooours to me. Though it ' didn't tako plaos in a death scene exactly, still it was very funny. A young utility man was cast for the part of a Baman soldier, who ruBlieB in to announco that ' all iB lost, the oitadel has boen taken,' oto., eto. Thinking his youth and Bmooth fnoe did not look soldiorly enough, ho determined to wear a heavy moustache ond. wig. Accordingly when tho night oamo Johnny Btood L. U. E., roady Jo spring on at hie one, in bravo nrray. A fioroo black moustaobo shading his npper lip, his wig Burmountod by ono of those fluted tin helmets, and in his gallant right hand he held a spear. At last his cue was given, and ho rushed on. Ho came on with suoh a bounce, howover, that his wig and helmet slipped back, exposing his light short hair underneath. He hastily clapped bis hand to his head, and hold on his cako-. pan helmet, whilo he began his announce ment. Horror I One sido of his mous tache, which fastened with Bprings in tho . nostrils, had become looBoned, and fell aeross his mouth ; he pushed it up and again essayed to Bpeak, and again it fell across his mouth. In the desperation of des pair, he frantically pulled the t hing off and threw it in the wings, and, after giving his lines, made bis ignominious exit, still clutching his helmet, in an agony of mor tification. — New York, Nvm Crinkle's Paper. 