Western Australia. (From the Town and Country Journal). (Continued from Herald of 28th May.) II. The relation of master and servant in those days differed materially from the present, the indentured servant system of England being then in full operation. Under that system the servant was bound by articles of agreement to serve his master for a term of years, and to do his bidding and demean himself in all things occord- ing to his master's will, failing which he was taken before a magistrate and com- mitted to prison, the trial so- called being simply a farce. so far as the servant was I concerned. The imprisonment did not re- lieve from the obligation to the master, but on the conpletion of the term for which the servant was incarcerated he was returned to his master, and had to work out the balance of his agreement. The oppression the Indentured Servant Act sanctioned finally caused its repeal ; but at the time of which we are treating all domestic servants anul agricultural labourers, no matter tby wh?teSer distinctive naime they were caLed, came under its provisions, and all the labour imported into the colony in the early days, with the exception of a few mechanics, was brought in under the indentured servant system - hence the establishment of two classes, with a wide gap between, each holding difftrent views roun contrary ideas of its relationship to the othtr The one class constituting them. selves the lords and lordlings of the land the clas from which the nominee members of the Governor's council were taken, all the Government and migisterial and other appointments were made, even to the smallest muuicipal billet, and who, in e.'nsequence, held the country in their hands ; the other, the serfs, wi.o had no voice in anything only , to do their master's bidding, and when their term of servitude had expired, still continue to work on for bread at rates fixed by their old employers. Gradually, however, as cash became scarce, theservants were paid their wages in cattle and sheep, horsts ani lands, and in the course of few yeais most of th in settled' down on small holdings, and struggled along cultivating grain and dairy faruing. Many of them, as we:l as the mechanical class, took to splitting, sawing, fencing, wood-cutting, and all the rouglur kinds of outdoor work, for which the employers were unsuited, and also to publiclouse keep. ing. In this way nmot ofNortham and Grass Valley in the York district, fell into the hands of the servants, while York pro per, Beverley, Toodyay, and tie Swan were retained by the masters, whom in the course of these papers we shall designate Conserva tives. The former became the working settlers of the colony, gradually merging from servitude into little properties which grew as years rolled on into respectable holdings, while the latter waxed weak, r and more dependent on the labour ,f others to work their states. They felt the want of a large servant class, whom they should manage and keep servants, and for many years the enereies and influence of the Con servatives were devoted, not to delevoping the resources of the colony, not to en couraging the introduction a thrifty and pushine population, but to contrivances by which they would bring about a dependent population and cheap labour, enabling them to live as demi-princes, after the lordly style of the old country in those days. Having failed with the first importations, as shown above, it was decided to try immi grants, and accordingly negotiations were opened with emigration companies in Lon don to supply the colonies with people, of which there were too many in England. It was found, however, that the immigrants on arrival were not desirous of servitude, but rather sought to settle down as colonists, and having been inveigled into going to West Australia by the laudatory represen tations of the agent in London, they felt the irksomeness of being treated as a distinctive class by the established assumers of pstron age. The latter, on the other hand, declar ed that the right sort of emigrants were not sent out to the colony, th, re being a a suffi-ient number of n.asters. What uas wanted was servants to work and be civil, or capitalists who could import labour and throw away money on the tarren sand of the seaboard, in the neighbourhood of the Swan River. They seemed to ignore the fact that servants who emigrate do so in the hope of becoming masters, and capita lists can find more congenial outlets in directions better known an.- nearer home. Besides, the ghost of Colonel Le Tuar's expedition hung about the avenues of speculation in London, and held up a finger when Swan River was mentioned as a field for remunerative investment. TIe immigrants, trom tneir numoer ann diversity of occupations, fell into a sort of intermediate section of themselves, and huddling about the towns performed all the mechanical work, opened shops, conducted gardening operations, and all the small work at which their limited means enabled them to eke out a living without going into actual servitude. It is to this class, as it became augmented by influx ot members or converts made from the Conservative ranks and the former servants, that is due any progress the colony has made in extending trade and settlement, opening up new country, and developing the mineral and timber resources of that part of Australia. Struggling along, they gradually attained a strength aid influence through trade, and by helping and encouraging a small farming population in a newly opened-up districts have at last, it seems, snucceeded in getting a purchase on the lever by which the colony is to be elevated to the standard of her neighbours. But we are travelling too rapidly; to continue in order, let us return to where we left the Governor. Captain Stirling, the founder of the colony and the towns of Fremantle, Perth, and Guildford, on the banks of the Swan, going home in September, 1822, left Captain Irwin administering the Government. This officer was a settler having an estate on the Swan. Heo continued in charge till Septem. ber, 1833. Captain Daniel then adminis tered the affairs of the colony till the fol lowing May, when Captain Beete acted until the return of Captain (now Sir James) Stirling in August of the sanme year. Sir Janmes came out with the commission and status of a full governor, and admin istered tile Government till December, 1838\. As an administrator he used to be spoken of in the highest terms by the old settlers of all classes for his plain, practial,good manangemennt with the small means at his disposal, though sentimentally an rntlihsiastic Scotchman. The writer of these papers, when ti lad 30 years ago, has listened to same quaint olil stories told by the old settlers ot the early days.'lThe su ijects were then fresh in imany mouths that have since passed awuay, and are forgotten or un known to the prn sent generation, but Gov ernor Stirling's naime crae constantly coupled with th- principal inci.!ents of settlemelnt, when thie allusion to himn wiils made n ore in the light of a residlent inhabitant than in hlia capacity as Governor. Indeed it could har dly be itherwise, as the interest he felt in the progressof the young settlement rendered his presence necessary in many places be sides Government House. A tew years ago a venerable stump of a gum-tree stood in a grant off Cliff-street, batween Sulnson's and the Herakl office ,under which Captan Stil ling used to hold his court, sitting as judge and magistrate. On one occasion two of tile inhabitants of Fremantle, hli had quarrelled and fought tach other, were here put on their trial for having broken the peace. The one found in the wrong was convicted and sentenced to walk up and dosn during two hours daily, for a nnmber of days, under this tree; and such was the respect in which this kind of administration of justice was held that tile man underwent his punishment with the etiitness and regularity of a time piece. At the appointed hour, leaving his work1 he would proceed to the tree and their march up and down within the defined limits of the space allotted him, to the amusement and ridicule of passetrs-by. Another inhabi tant being sentenced to a month in gaol for some similar offence, used to walk about town all day, get his meals at hom', and then go to the gaol-house and sleep there at at night. Such were the simple and judi cious means by which he kept the inhabi tants from internal quarrels, lest the settle ment should suffer thereby, and at the same time kept up the requisite degree of respect for authority. The successorto Governor Stirling was John Ilutt, Esq. lie assumed charge on the 2nd January, 1839, and administered the (,,vernment to December. 1845. Colonel Clarke was then aplpointed to the Govern ment in February, 184 ; he died in Febru ary, 1847 ; and Lieut.-Colonel Irwin acted again till the arrival of Governor Fitzger ll in August, 1848. His comiug was the advent of a new era, which hal been hatch ing for a year before. We must now return to where we left thie settlers, asd sketch their behaviour up to this point. The Conservatives meanwhile gained strength by the add'ition to thir numbers of an occasional stray wait from the old rcountry or sorn India with introductions, and these being once initiated became de voted adlherents of the Consrvative cause, sliding withl the increase of establishments into Goverunmont appointments, so that be tween the augmentation from this source, and that brought by the natural order of procr, ation the party were enabled to hold their own in perpetuity. With them the servant cry continued, and in order to i ro vide the want, they asked for and received several shipments of juvenile offenders from the reformatory prison at Parkhnrst, Isle of Wight. These were called called Parkhurst boys, although men in years. But th ir behaviour soon gave rise to a scare; and a murder committid by one of them on the ason of a settler-the first murder committed in the colony-was luckily the cause of a stop being put to this importation. Over tures were then male to the Indian Govern ment to supply tile colony with Klings from Madras and the Coromnandel Coast. T''he terms of the company's government were too exacting, however, in favour of the coolies, and the sciheme fell through. China was now looked to for tlse requl rd article, and just then the newly-fnrmied British set tlement of Hong KuIong--another beauty spit, by the way, where the proteges of the colosial suffice grow npompoussaecd alien-loving ad issinisunt-providisg a market tursandal wood, the pIreparation of this article for shipment was made tile plea or pretext for inmporting a numnber of Uhinese, and the laborer mark.t was heocefssrtll to be supplid with this elemenet. IBut Jhlsn was tound wanting ; he was dteclaruel to e indol nt, in fact lazy, and soon lost in the competi tive field of labour. It wsas quickly dis. covered that it touk thrue Chinanlmn a month to cut and clet as tn of saud.ldwooI, and that one good adze mi.s, telonging to the colony could cnt sand 'Ilet fsur tons in in thle same time. The Clhiesae therefore lad to take a back seat, and- th.y drilted isto basket and -ane s lairs-ackisg, filshing on tile river, dealing ill low s and eggs, aid such like light emplo) meets, at waich tihe Europeans were lnot ex! c t, uand the balance went as domestic s, reasts. lut the insspol tation was discnstiiu d. The events we lhave raidlly sktetched bring us down to the pc i id isnnsedia tly prior to the comviet elm. The csontrolliig party lhad now exihaasted every seao-:rce in their efforts to get cheasp las. ur ill the Irte asarts of the world as s were still unsIHlt.d, though successive Governors had leil thceir sympathy, their ait anud itufluen.ce, to work outan ign-ble polsecy, sand Ia-I backed up tie cry," We wait csheap labour." What was really wrong all ahlssg was that the colosny had been settled by the wrosg class of people--thei property-owning and infu setial of the colonists, who lhad urasped up all the land in the. settled districts ald divided it between them, were wanting in that information commonly known as busi ness knowledge, and lacked the spirit of ens.rgy and enterprise necessary to sua-cess fulcolonisation, while they were blindly persistent in adhering to their conservative principles of classification. They belonsled to theold school of officer and aentleman class, who were fond of ruling, aisd esteemed it their special right to control the affairs of the colony in all things as they would a regiment, a man-of-war, or an estate among the poorpeasant population of some out lying country, as things were dine in those days. Looking to Inmia, whence some Nabob was expected to fly over and estab lish a stud that should produce remounts for the cavalry corps of the East India Company, they ignored thle existence of greater wealth nearer home, as they were looking for a big thing to cisnie from a dis tance; meanwhile the Americans sent Ihuon. dreds of ships annually that hloveredl about the coast and took away hIundreds of millions of gallons of oil, caught within sisht of their principal ports, from Albany in the south east to Fremantle in the west. Beyond producing a few horses and a little wool do attempt had as yet been made to scrape to gether anything to form a regular export, and attract shipping periodically. Thelittle export of sandalwood had given a slight impulse to traffic, which, howewer, drew off attention from agriculture and threatened the townspeople with famine. At this juncture New South Wales and Tasmania declined to receive any more of England's convicts, and the old Conserva tives of West Australia thought they saw in the convict system the long looked for desire of their hearts-cheap labour. They saw, also, what was still more dear to them, fat livings for themselves during life, and posts under Government for their sons and numerous connections. Accordingily, they grabbed at the offer made, and in order to make certain of their object, petitioned the home Government to make their colony a convict settlement. William Burges, an active member of the Colssereative com mittee engaged in soliciting signatures to thle petition, and afterwards resident magis trate of the Victoria (Champion Bay) di.s trict, meeting George Christmas (one of the early agricultural labourers whoie had come into a little property in Grass Valley by hard saving) on the York-road, held forth voluminously on the many blessings to be derived from the convict system. "Those colonies have now got a start George," said Barges; "that's why they wrant them no longer. We shall get cheap labour, and be able to sell our beef and mutton, George." "Yes," replied Chrislmas, "and you will get infamny, too, Mr, Burges," and he refused to sign the petition. Twenty-five years after this conversation tiok place William Burges's nephew, a miagistrate of tile colony at thle tiulne, was iput on hIis trial at Perthl, for shlsoting a wilt ;aboricinal bIlark in self-delsfen e Thle occur relcr took place some 300 ulllcs away froms Eny settlesment, when Burges was crossing tlum R ebourne witlh Iis flocks and herds to tise Victoria district, a distance altogether of about 800 miles. lie was charged with maurder. The witnis s es against him were two conviet servants ands all aboriginal black. 'ITheir testisminy w'es so wsrtiless thait even the Crown prosecutor asked the jury o distcardi it fro.n th'ir minds. Yet thely had clothed their st-ry vith so much mystery frlms tile first, and hetore the tainl had put ito Circulation suc:h an ml, nlsunt of :eprlrc iator) talk--s hi.-h, it, a small town like P. It;, gase a si.s to lte feeling-l u entimtent, as well as pervertedl the juulg nmet, of the class ftrm whii.h the jury was chosell--tlhat theiy were mainly instrumentall in convicting Burges, whi was sentenced to five years' pienal servitude. (To be continued.) 