Amusements. . 1 'f^™* KoTAI' — TW ThmAtt, Royal was orowded in every part oil tJirturday night by an orderly and most MJjpeot&Dle; audience, the occasion feeing the - proJ.oetiosi for the first time in Sydneyof Offenbaoh jafcpera bonffe, ?« Madam© Favart.' This is one i of Ofombach's best works both &s; it respeots the libretto and tha music. The story of the pieo* U pwiantao enough, and bo peoaliarly Frenoh that it fearneB us back ta« period in Freach history when whatiicalle^faliantry on the y art of men high in «owal ra*k wu more ?penly practiced than it *a now. _Oor great men may be not one iota better »uu vueir roretatuers were in this respeet, bnt they are much more secretive and erafty. Gallantry in Short iB the pirot on which the whole plot of the opera turns. In the first act Fawart (Mr. Mervia) is con cealed in the cellar of an inn at Biaeotin, in Arrs.e. Ma emerge* from the oeliar, and acquaints the aedi ?eaoe with hia condition by reoiting an epitomised drama, of which he it the hero. His wile, having escaped from a convent in disguise, endsavoars to join her husband, bat he ottnnot leave bis hiding iplaca for fear Of ratting into the hands of the eolaiery. The soldiers, however, wh« enter tfie inn, get drank ana tumble upstairs to their quarters, and then a meeting oocttrt between Favart and his wife. The latter meets with Hector de ?Boispreon(Mr.Brennir), who is about to solicit the post ot lieutenant of police from the Governor, the MarqniH da Pontekble ( fitr. Harwood). Thia gentle Unas i palp appoints married men to office at the solii Citation of.thoir wires, and as Heotar is not named, intenlywisheBto be, being in love with Sotanne, |thft daughter of Major Cofcisnac, he is in despair ;with respect to the realisation of bis wishes, out ia rsomfortea by Justine, Madame Favart, (Miga P. Laverne), who assumes to be JMLadamo BoiBpreau, obtains an audience from She Marquis, and gains Boispreau the appointment. 3n the second act Boispreau marries Sutianne, and tlien Favarfc «.»d hin wifn a.«fc no mrtraTitii tn 'Rnii- preauand,-hia wife, and by that means conceal tbem aalv«5 from their enemies. Ponts&ble; has fatten in love with Madams Favart.iand believing her to be the wife of Boigpreaa, domioiliatecr himself with the xiientcnant of Police. Justine is then oblirsd to pretend to be Boisprean's wife, and thia turn ef the ?story affords a fine opening for by-play and intrigue, plot, and conn tar plot, whioh all the characters make the moat of. Suaanne, Boisprean's wife, who now 'eels tie his waiting-maid, by one of those ufiaceount able changes which occur on the stage is supposed to bo Madame Favart, and is Bent off to play before ^Marshall Saxe, wbere of coarse her identity would he discovered; bnt fortunately in the meantime Boispreaa and the real Madame Favart arrive, dis guised as T » rolean siegers, play before the king, j obtain his protection, Fontsable is diBtaieted, Mar' ehall Scze narrowly ?seapesdegrad&tion; by thismesns, ! and all eruis well for the true lovers of the opera. The j music is cheerful and melodious, the dialogue bright ,&nd; humorous, and the creheatral accompaniments ?well adapted to give effect to the vocal portions of the work. The piece is fairly-inounted, and the coatumes, thoueh in accordance wrEfc-^he unities of tiaie, place, and circumstance, ara scarcely oo pie tnreequo as those which were so conspicuous in 'La Fills flu Tambour Major' and in' Olivette.' Most of the principals were recalled, and throughout the penormanca me praise accorded them was enm ciently warm to satisfy the nio»t inordinate craving for applause. The work ia eo full of humour, striking situations, sparkling dialogue, changes aid. counter changes, and good music, that it stands a fair chaiice of running until the end ef the season, whioh takes place coma time in October. At its j close the Williamsons will oommence a season with ] Sullivan and Gilbert's late' work ' Patience,' of | which i eport speaks very highly. Sis Michael Costa's 'Eli.' — This interesting work was performed at the Garden Palace on Satur day afternoon by the members of the Sydney Musical Union, aided by Mr. and Mrs. Turner, Miss Marie St. Clair- and -Messrs. Bushelle and Hollingdale. The otatorio was conducted by Mr. Sidney Moss, L. C. M., Mr. E. Banks presided at the organ. Miss Annis Montague assumed the roll of Hannah, Miss Marie St. Clair that of Samuel, Mr. Charles Turner that of Elkanah and Philistine Chief, Mr. John Bushelle that of Eli, and Mr. Hollingdale that of ' the man of God,' There was a fair but not very powerful chorus, and the orchestra combined moat of the skilled orchestral players resident in Sydney, including several mem bers of the late Austrian band. The audience num bered, we supposed from 2000 to 3000 people. Under these circumafcances the representation could scarcely fail of being effective. Great praise is due to Mr. Moss for the nutiring zeal and energy which he has displayed in the drilling and management of the forces at his command, and in this respect he was ably assisted by all concerned. Here we may remark, in passing, that the change 'which has taken place lately in the interior of the 'building has greatly improved its acoustic proper ties, and, consequently, music (both vocal aad instru mental) sounds fuller and better than it did when the Exhibition was open to the public. But if the Government wishes to convert the building into a music hall for the benefit of the public, there re mains something more to be done to it in order to further improve it. The roof ought to be looked to, for in its present state it smothers or swallows up sound. 'Without entering into particulars we may state that certain broad peculiarities distinguished all the principals, namely correct knowledge of the music they had to sing . perfect time, and distinct articulation. Mr. and Mrs. Turner displayed artistic ability in oratorio equal, if not superior, to that which they usually didplay in opera. The building, which tests and tasks other voices, was by no means too large for them to fiil with sweet sounds, and no piece of vocal music could be more artistically and beautifully rendered than was the duetto ' Wherefore is thy soul cast down?' As the chief of the Palistines in the solo, '* Phili stines, hark! the trumpets sounding!' Mr. Turner sang with wonderful fire and energy, taking and sustaining the topmost notes of the music with ease, and proving himself to be a truly magnificent, teno-s robusto. Miss St. Clair's fine ceep and rich contralto voice and distinct articulation were especially noticeable in the part of Samuel ; and Mr. Bushelle performed the heary task which fell to his share as Eli with becoming dignity and in a very distinct and credit able manner. The performance of the choruses was not faultless. A great mass or body of sound was produced by the combined voices of the choristers, but it was at times confused, and the articulation of the words was often very indistinct. It is very diffi cult to get an amateur chorus to articulate words with such perfect distinctness that they can be easily distinguished by the ear of the listener'; and yet distinct articulation is one of the chief beauties of choral as well as of solo singing. Comment on the instrumental accompaniments to the oratorio would be superfluous, as the members of the orchestra were all skilled musicians, and could scarcely do otherwise than play well. Upon the whole the per formance of this fine work reflected great credit on the Musical Union, and particularly upon its talented conductor, Mr. Sidney Moss. Opeea House.— On Saturday evening the new comic opera of 'Fatinitza' was producsd to a crowded house, and it was eothuaiaetieally received. The musio is cay and sparkling, and some of the ehornsee are very effective. For a first nii^st, tne piece -aa very evenly, and evidently a considerable amount of time and care had been tpent in order to bring it before the audience in a perfect form. The .Ecenery is all new. the costumes are admirable and well chosen, and tho orchestra ie con siderably augmented. Th«i heroine of the piece is personated by Miss Emma Waugeuheim, and although tho demands on her vocal powers were great, she Inlly proved herself equal to the.oftc&eion;, and her rendition of the songs entrusted to her were received with delight by ths andience. Mr. Edwin Kelly was alao very effective as the Count, aud he w&i; ablj supported by Mr. E. Laeter as the Special War Cor respondent of the ' New York Herald ;' Mr. Stuarfe Bolton as Vladimir, Mr. Martyn Hogau, Mr. Dignam, &c.; Tho plot of the piece is rather complicated, caused by the Russian Gaaeral fnllintt in love with Fatinitza, who was an officer, dieguisod in ladies' olothes, for the pnrpose of being Bear the General's niece, with whom he was in love. The first scene is the camp of the fiuseian army at Bmstchuk, followed bv the Eatem of the TurkUh GoTcrnor «ad Count Kant* ckukoff 's summer palace, noar Odessa. ' Fatinitza ' has all the elements of a successful pieoe, aad it will no doubt have a satisfactory run. Qubev's Theatre. — Charles Kean'a vereion of ' Loois XL' was presented at the Queen's Theatre on Saturday night, before a good- sized andienat. Mr. Dewhurst personated the Ft eneh King in a masterly style, aad warf very well assisted by the aemben of the company. Mr. Bawhurstte powers M an actor are maek appreciated by the public, as -the large audieaoe* who attead tkis theatre may teBfifyT Victobia Ham..— Tha Vietoxbi Hall, the now place of amusement opened by Mr. D'Arcy Bead «n Saturday night with his 'Ghosts,' waa iqell filled. Mr. Bead is Bare to obtain s fair share of public patronage in his venture. 