ITEMS OF "NEWS. .i':./A'rWv!da^8/pgo.Mf.:\LeyBhoii caught two bojs stealing flowora from life garden, whom he took, and lodged in the lockup, hut after tho lttpao an hour they wore liberated. Tho boys said that thoy sold the' flowers, and on being taken to a place pointed out by them, to ascertain the truth of the statement, the purchaser did not deny tho fact that she had bought the flowers, but said she thought the boys gathered them*from tho racecourse (a; very Jikcly; talo.). However^ she was warned that if she bought any moro flowers from children in that way; it would not be the latter who would be prosecuted, but sho her-' setf. " Tho police should ".keep; an eye upon receivers of stolen propery as well 03 thieves, j The ladders for tho U3c of the fire brigade arrived yesterday. On Tuesday evening next .it is the intention of tho fire brigade to prac tice at several places in Fitzmaurice-sLreet, to sep .what service the ladders could render in; case of fire. ; ON* Thursday night last a party of cricketers with their friends were invited by Mr. Fred. . Chtsbohn, of Bull's Run, to meet him at dinner at tho Criterion Hotel. Tho hostess, Mrs.Moxham, provided, as sho always doc3 :a very excellent repast, and an enjoyable oven :ing was spent. Mr. Cbisholm took advantage of this occasion to present to the winners, tho trophies offered by him to tho bowler and batsman, who secured the best average during tho past cricket season. Mr. E. Tompson secured tho former, and Mr. M. J. Moran the latter. Mr; AV. Rand was in the chair, and Mr. Croaker in tho vice- chair. After the usual loyal»toasts had' been . received, the health of Mr. Chisholm was drunk witlrrill; honours, and! ho suitably roplicd. The ovon ing was given oyer to jollity, and good.feeling; prevailed.' J ; >.., LAST njglit,:Withouc the usual- uourtsu 01 'truriipota by wa^' or advertiseiiicDtB, &g.;, a very nice peformanc^wasgivenby the London! Comedy Opera Company, in the Mechanics'; Institute! The principal character of the entertainment was the acting of Annie Head/ a most .versatile little lady, who is said to ho only;'about niue years of age. Iier singing; and dancing are both good, and many who .have' spent a lifetime on the stage could with credit to themselves tako a lesson from her. Mr. and 2d rs. Bead assist their daughter in her clever''-performances* To-night tho com pany appears for. tho last timo. Mr. Read -is well-kuown in Melbourne and Sydney, as being the first to put on the stage what is known,ns;the illusion of "The Ghost." . ; AVc notice that steady progress is being 'made in the ercotiou both of tho Town Hall in Baylis-street, aud tho Commercial Bank in Fitzraaurice. ^Ycslcyjui^tqa, nieet of 'Mrs; 11. Cassiu who gave a tabic, was . iuadyertently omitted. . A VERY successful meeting of the Wagga Wagga Literary and Debating Society was heldin the.Mechanics'Instituto on Wedues-! day evening j Dr. Wren in the chair. There was a very good attendance of members, and after, tho usual routine ? business had been got through a well-written essay on elocu tion was read by Mr. Pluukett, after which there.was^au address by the chairman and a reading by Mr. Davis. In order to make the :mcctings more interesting and attractive, and .to ensure more frequeut debates, it was re solved that a committee of three beappoiuted to prepare subjects for discussion, and give timely notice to the other members of tho subject chosen. The meeting closed in the usual manner. AT tho Wcsleyau Auuivcrsary tea meeting on Tuesday evening, one of the speakers, adverting to the necessity for furnishing the schoolroom, said they had but one chair. The next day the speaker, who, by the way, . was the Sunday-school treasurer, received a letter from a well-known and liberal resi dent, which ran thus:-"Plcaso accept another chair." The chair proved to bo a cheque for one pound. ' We have received a circular from the hon. secretaries of the Bulletin libel defence fund, soliciting donations, and intimating that any person desiring to contribute towards the fund can do so by forwarding subscriptions to Messrs. A. Allan aud A. Camming, joint secretaries, Bulletin ollice, Sydney, or if scut to this office we shall bo happy to remit the same. This we do bccausc we arc of opinion that tho verdict was an erroneous one. SouTii's Royal Pitiaforo Opera Company will givo the first of their entertainments next Tuesday evening, when tho Wagga Wagga playgoiug people may expect a treat. Mr. Williamson's statement, which is at tachcd to the advertisement, that lie himself is well pleased with tho caste of the com pany, is doubtless a guarantee that it possesses the most capable representatives of the comic opera of Pinafore. It is said they will bring with them tho scenery aud every thing complete. Tho compauy numbers no lessthuu twenty performers, several of whom were members of Mr. Williamson's original company. Tho agent is Mr. II. J. Whit tington, well known in the colonies as a most successful man in tho theatrical profes sion, and ho has visited this town on several occasions. THE Rev. Richard Sellers, who twelve years ago was stationed in Wagga Wagga, will prcach in tho Wcsleyau Church to morrow, morning and evening. Mr. Sellers is now tho minister of tho leadiug church of I his denomination in Brisbane, and was ap I pointed by the Conference to bo chairman of I the Queensland district. TUB Rev. Father Gibnoy, well knowu as tho hero of Glcnrowau, will arrive ia town next week, ami will gladly rcceive subscrip' tions towards the cost of rebuilding the orphanagoin Western Australia, blown dowu during a storm. People of Wagga, Wagga are proverbial for their liberality, so wo pre sume Father Gibney will reap tho golden harvest so deserving a canvasser should do. Mil. Styles, of The Springs, met with a very nasty accident on Thursday evening last, when proceeding homewards from town. He was driving a spirited pair of horses, and a rat caused the king-bolt to break, when the horses made off, dragging Mr. Styles for souio considerable distance. Although con* siderably bruised and cut, no serious injury was received by him, and ho will shortly be about again. A CBICKET MATCH, Married v, Single, will bo played on the racecourse this afternoon, commencing at a quarter to 2 o'clock. Tho following arc tho respective teams :-Mar ried : Welluian, Gowllaud, llobson, Pluu« kott, Kelly, 15. Clayton, Morris, Minnott, Mitchell, Croaker, P. M'AIiatcr, with 0. Cox emergency. Singlo: Nicholas, Morao, Lowe, E. Touipson, A, Toinpson, 11. Mair, Treehy, Wren, W. Higgins, L. Higgins, and Jepsoii, with Mongan emorgcncy. WE havo been shown a lithograph specimen copy of the portraits of their Koyal High* uesses Prince Albert Victor ami Prince George, who aro now ou a visit to these colonies. Orders (or copies must be sent to Mr. E. D. Loyshon, tho local ageu^, aa early as possible. The pictures are worth framing, and will be a lasting meweuto of the visit of the Royal Princes. 