A VENETIAN GHOST STONY. For runny centimes Ibe lagoons of Venico bave betn clivuk-il into districts for tho purposes of fishing, 'lheso trncts of waters nro not distin- guiilitd by nnv bouiidnrios visible to llin nvn hnt ! tlit-u limits nto wull known to tho fishermen who mnkb then living upon them. In tho shallower pails o£ llieso d tsi t icts, where the oozy bed of tho lngoon iHloft bare by each receding tide, tho fisher men have mmked off a certain portion. This tliuy suriound by n palisade of wattle enne, called u " gin/uola, ' Insido this pulUade the mud is dug into deep ditches, eo that there shall always be water in ihein, even when the tide is low. These places are called "valli," and here tho fish me cln vcu to spawn. Each of these " valli" has a httlo hut bcloQgmg to it, built either on piles or ou forced soiled, and made of wattled cane, plastered with mud, or of bricks. The but usually contains ouo squnro room, a door and two win dows. Iho fishermen requiro theso cabins, for thoy sometimes slay three or four days together in tho remote lagoon, sending their fish to market ovciy rooming by one of their number, just as the deep-sca fishers of Uhioggia do. Inside the " valli " fUung is cauied on with a line; but outside, in the open water of the lagoon, tho men use nots. In tho fifteenth century there were sixty-one of theso " valli , " but many have now been de- btroycu ; and the high tides flour uninterruptedly o\cr tho larger poition of tho lagoon surface. Those which still exist He, for the most part, in the lLmolo and hlLlo frequented reaches, nnd follow closely the mainland line, while towards the lidi hardly any are in work. The land- Gonpo of these distant fishing grounds is vast and solitary. The sense of loneliness is heightened by tlio isolated Utile hut rising square from tho water, tho only habitation visible. On all sides scLmmg uidlcss plain stretches away. For though theso < 'valli" lie near tbc mainland, tbc cat In is so low that tbo oyo perceives no difference of level, bnt passes on until it rests at length upon tho faint b uo Engimcan hills; or, on tho other side, across tho long grey water levels tbo sight may range— mile upon milo of pearly surface trending away — till on tho very offing it finds Venice, a rosy-orango lotus basking on tlio water ; or tbo Armenian, convent, a burning onmson point ; or, further still lo tho right, some few solitary trees by the port of JIalamooco, Iu tlio 6ky, too, is tho sarno feeling of vast exnanso, Its lono is usually opalino grey, or filmy blue. But nt sunrise or sunset comes flashes" ot richer colour. Now (Innies of burnished bronco slioot suddenly and far nvross the. levels as the sun's first nic gaioa and enimonnts tho .hoi icon ; tho licence mellows into gold, ns tho ram rises, and fades nt length iu.o tee paid and clearer yellow of pure daylight. Or u&aiu;, na tlm sim emits, the whole hea\ uiu a. Ail ho lit up and glow, an llluimnalad \- SLrolI, in oiangt, cutuwo, purpie. and blue; then that tiilendoui , loo, awav and leaves tho. sky a pale translucent bine, just molting into green whero tho firEt star trembles. It is a solitary life these fiebermcn lead in the middle of this vast sweep, Banging tlie lagoon, you may meet them oither quite alone or in groups of five or six dotted about at distances of 400 or COO yards. There is something Btrange about their figures, standing rigid in the stern of the long, light boat ; the prow titled np ont of the water ; each erect black silhouette, with shoulder bare nnd fishing-spear poised motionless in hand ; the shadow still upon the lagoon below him ; and all around the mellowing grey of air nnd sky and sen. Or more strange nnd fascinating still, when tho men nrc fishing with nets, and the drumming and booming that tbey make lo frighten the fish sounds like some weird iccaotation across iho water. And tho names ot some of those " valli " where the men work have n suggestion of the un canny about them — the Val dell' Inferno, or the Vaiie dci Sette Morti, for example. Of the Vallo dot Hette Morti there is a story current among tho gondoliers nnd fishermen. Thcro were six mon fishing once in this " Vallc " of the Seven Dead. They had with them a little boy, Hie son of one of their band. The boy did not go out fishing with his father, hut stayed behind to take care of the hut nnd to cook the meals for the men when they returned. Ifo spent the nights alone in the cabin, for raoSt of the fishing was done between sunBet and sunrise. Ono day, as the dawn was beginning across the water, the men stopped their fi3bing and began to "row home with their load as usual. As they rowed along they met the body of a drowned man going out to sea with the tide. They picked the body up and laid it on the prow, the head resting on tho arm, and rowed on Blowiy to the hut. The little boy was watching for them, and went down lo the edge of the canal to meet them. He saw the body of the 7th man lying on the prow, but thought that he was asleep. .So, when the boat came near, be cried to Iris father, " Breakfast is ready ; come along 1" nnd with that ho turned nnd went back to tho hut. The men followed the boy, and left the dead man lying on the prow. When they had sat down the boy looked around and said, " Where is the other man 1 Why don't you bring liira in to breakfast too?" " Oh 1 isn't he here ?" cried one ; and then ndded, with a laugh, " You had better go nnd call him ; lie must be asleep." Thu boy went down to the cannl and Bhouted, " Why don't you come to breakfast 1 it is all ready for you." But the man on the prow never moved nor nnswered a word. So the boy returned to tho hut, nnd said " What is the matter with the man ? He won't answer." " Oh 1" said tlicy, 11 Hois a deaf old fool. You must shout loud.and swear nt him." The boy went back agnin and cried, " Como along, you fool ; tho others aro waiting for you." But the man on tho prow never moved nor answered n word. Then the boy ran back to the hut and said, " Come one of you ; for I can't wake him up." But tliey laughed and answered, " Go out ngain nnd shnko him by tho leg ; tell him wo can't wait till doomsday for bim." Tho boy went down to the water oneo more, Ho got into tlio boat nnd shook tho man by the leg. Tbon the man turned and sat up on tbo prow, nnd Baid to tho boy, " What do you want ?" " Why on earth don't you come 1 Are they all to wnit till doomsday for you ?" " Go back and tell them lhat I am coming." So tbc boy wont back to the bnt, and found tho men laughing and joking, " Well, what did he say?" they cried. " It is all right," answered the boy, "be snyBho is coming," The men turned pale, and looked at ono another, and sat very still, and laughed no more. Then outside they heard footsteps coming slowly up the path. The door was pushed open, and tho dead man came in, and sat down in the boy'B place, the seventh nt the tabic. But each sat with his eyes fixed upon tho seventh, tboir guest. They could not move or speak. Their gaze was fastened on the dead man's face. The blood fiowed chiller and chiller in their veins till, as tho sun rose nnd flashed along the lagoon, there were seven dead men sitting round tlio tabic in tho room. Such was tho story told us one night rowing borne from Chioggin. It has evidently taken a deep root in the imagination of the people. Nor can wc wonder nt this, nor nt the wcirdness of tho tale, when wo remember the solitary lives these fishermen lead, tho limitless space around them, vnst enough to fling the spirit back upon itself and set it creating. Tho only matter for natoiiishmcni is that thero nrc not more such stories. In tho nortlij uut of similar surroundings, we should havo a wholo group of legends, wild, fantastic, or terrible ns tlio tales which livo among the fishers of tire Hebrides, or the wreckers ana smugglers of the Devon nnd Cornish coasts. But a ghost story is rare in Venico ; and this ono would be difficult lo match even among the Italian novelists and romancers. Possibly the external surroundings, the aspect of nature, may have some thing to do with this. The terrible is wanting in Italian landscape, and finds only rare expression in Italian art. The scenery of the lagoons is ample, soft, and caressing, but terrible, or strange, or vague it is not. Those are the essential elements of tho supernatural, nnd therefore it ia that a genuine Italian ghost story is a rarity. 