The Smith Estate £ir--ets. (To tho Editor of the ' llhixvarrn Morcury. 'J Sir, — I and others wore led to believe from your ] roports of late meetings of the Wollongong Coun cil that the streets 011 the Smith Estate wero to be I stumped and otherwise improved in a rustic kind ! of wny, preliminary to further improvements nt future times. So fnr, however, we are doomed to disappointment in that respect. Still we have the slumps as eyesores in the day and dangers at night, and to nil appearance thero thoy nro to remain. Surely this is not as it should be, considering tho number of people who now reside 011 thu slnjt!. Estate, and the still greater number who pay rates for laud there. Letany person, not in the liali'itof going there, pass along Kembla-street from DMn Ewing a towards the top of Smith's Hill, nnd im or she will Inid a' piece of the most wretched atreut to he found in any town in Ihe colony. Tho'roail way is j. ;:lt as ihe plough left it many years n'eo' when the late Mr. Smith cropped the laud, llmv of water comes down a hollow from the'liill and there being no water tuble to cany it i |f jj spieads all over llS' road just at the junction' nf keinbln and Camp!.. .11 streets. And as a ennse ' qnence, a nion. abominable piece of m.-.d could not w. U be found 111 any civilised locality. Ii it, j,, tnio, as rumour says that thu Works Committee and not the Council as a whole is to blame for thia and other delays 111 the carrying out of Cniinol work, ihe. sooner a change is ina^e in regard loth t Committee the better. If Aldermen \ninot it will not. make theniM-lves useful 011 any Jninir.o. tec3, they, should resign such positions. Dummy commi'.teenieii are about as useless as any ether dummies. BILLY BAltLOW. Spiritualism Exrosr.n.— It will be noticed that Lieutenant Rose will give one of his enteitaiinnont] in ihoTenipeianco Hall, to morrow evening, 'i'hjj gentleman has given similar enterrainnienlg jlt many parts of theso colonies, and judging l-\\- tlio press notices of such, he must be very clever. ' Tlio main feature of his entertainments is an espuaii/o of spiritualism. He causes representation!) of ghosts and spirits to appear in all forms and placo3 bin. not only refrains from endenvoni ing to mako his audience believe that such are of n supernatural character, but plainly tells them that, it is imt so nnd that, spiritualism is an iuinost.oro. Annuie other things he gives illustrations of the ropo tying trii k, which also he assures his audielia: is 'ijuito simple when you know it.' fie performed at Bulli, ou Saturday evening, with great success nnd ngain yesteiday evening. Cricket. — The annual meeting of the Contra! Illaw .r a Cricket Club was held at tl.e Parnitir;' .1-1 o' el, Uoanderra, 011 Friday evening last. \ fair number of tlio members were present. Mr. J. Richards presided. Thu annual report anl ! Triamror's balance- sheet were retul and adopted, Oil 1 he motion of Messrs. Cochrane, and Dca'.:is Mr. J. Richards was elected President for tho current season. The following gentlemen, wero nho duly elected ; -Mr. G. Lind-ttv, Treasurer; A. Richardson, Secretary ; Messrs. J; 111 -a Richards, A. Rich irds, and A. Richardson. Selection Com mittoe ; Messrs. A. Campbell, W. .Murray, J, Mailer, James Richards, A. Richards, W. dolu^on, t and James Burgess, Comniitteu of Management, ( Seve al other matters of interest to the Club wera 1 discussed, and ail arrangement made wlierehy tlio ; Club provided for presenting a trophy for the best j batting and the best bowling averages during tlio ' current season. ? WoLLONCiONO Gas Company.— Mr. M. Coward, the Sydney gentleman referred to ill n re'eont issnj I ns likely to take a large number of shares in t'-e I above Company, visited the town last week, f aad came to tho conclusion, 11a well by j observation as by information, that a Cm ' Company here should prove a profitable concern. ! A meeting of the Provisional Directors ivas held 011 Friday evening, for tho purpose of conferring personally with Mr. Coward about liis proposal, and we believe that tho understanding mutually arrived at was satisfactory on both sides. Tlio firm which Mr. Coward represents in theso colonies, has done the London business for llio Sydney and Newcastle Gas Companies for muro than twenty years. Mr. Montague Coivard, tho gentleman hero referred to, has not been a Jong time in tho colony, but meanwhile I10 1ms opened a business in Sydney, and, of course, is desirioiis of extending it We understand that after lookinj into tho matter lie has resolved 10 put a luco amount of capital into the Wollongong Gas Com pany, on conditions which the Provisional Direc tors consider not only reasonable, but highly advantageous to the Company. Teriuiile Suffering at Sea.— A telej-ra™ from Newcastle, 011 Wednesday, to the ' Daily Telegraph' says : — The steamer Ajax, after taking aboard those of the crew of the Prince A' ictor, who had reached Cape Hawke, returned to Newcastlo last night. The persons rescued consist of tho chief oilicer and six men, and their suiieriug sinu they left the ship have been terrible They wero five days and nights without water. The Princo Victor left Maryborough for Melbourne, ladril with timber, 011 the I'Jtli ultimo. AH went smoothly till Thursday, 22nd instant, when, off Ilia Seal Rocks, a hurricane set in. The sea loss ill great waves, washing the decks, and the bnrqno wns laid 011 her beam ends, fore and main luteins being under water. The foremast was then cut away to attempt to right her, which in frilling carried away the main and mizen topmasts. In the descent of the debris a water-tank on deck was stove in. while the supply of water below hatche3 was rendered useless by tho tanks capsizing. Jho vessel then became unmanageable and ivatef. logged. At this juncture a steaintioat was sighted, Signals of distress nnd flash lights were sli'wn; but 110 notice was taken of them. After repairing the long boat it wns decided to abandon tlio vessel. Some tinned provisions and potatoes were put into the boat, and tho unhappy voyagers siarted oa their unknown and hazardous journey in searc.i of help and land nnd water. Ancl wero it not for tlio juico squeezed from the tinned apples, tlio thirst ugony of the shipwrecked crew would havo been even moro terriblo than it wns. They were 150 miles from land, but they did not know it— -eua tho fury of despair — the ungovernable nmuiiess that often seizes men when in peril of their lues nod boneless— would have aided privation, and probably left 110110 to tell the tale. James Collins, the steward of the Prince 'Victor, refused to loiuo the ship, so he was left behind. After rowing fut nearly four days, spell and spell about, Cupa Hawke was sighted 011 Tuesday, at early niornin^, which grateful- intelliguiice wns greeted with » feeble cheer. The Keilawnrra was then seen passing the boat, but the shipwrecked men wero unable tu attract attention- Hope seemed tn die out then, although land was near. Two of tho exhausted, famished beings dropped to the hottiun of the long boat in a faint, while the others conlu barely exert enough effort to pull the boat nl»iig. Then tlioy wero seen from aslioro. Mr. 011} 1 , (I ho signal ofiicer), Mr. Brown, (a fisherman), 'ij® others, Bhowed tho greatest attention— even iu= '? ing into the surf to welcome tliem to land, iwy were subsequently conveyed to Newcastle by 10 Ajnx. The tug Goolwa left last night, ancl til Government steamer Ajax this morning, in s^irc-' of the water-logged barque Prince \ ictor, ay havo not been reported since, but both una northward in tlio direction of Cape Hawke, wht'O the vessel wns nbnndoned by the crew, it 1st. pected the steamers may possibly be absen « several days, ns an order has been niaco thoroughly search off tho whole of^ihat part of const., nnd for ninny miles outwnrcJs. Tub Small-vox: Epidejiio in London. small-pox epid mic in London lias now readied dimensions which nre naturally giving ns-1 tog ?» pomiinr anxiety. In- some distric's wlioie malady is raging' most fiercely the fear positive panic. Certainly there is ground for nlnrn . At the prosent time the Motropoitnn i* Asylum Beard has nearly 1000 cases »iid»r supervision. All their hospital resources 0 already used up and temporary place* aie bt 11 „ erected with a- much rapidity a' possible Lhij precaution has been taken to secure iso a 10 , ? to remove patients from their homes as a'n , malady manifests itself, but even with 1 ? guards tho progress of tho disease is piisuncy appalling. Up till Thursday last.thc epidemic « iiicrfiiir.ing at the rate of 150 persons per week, brt on Friday no fewer than 100 cases «c 0 h Jo-^ on that single clay. With their hos,d d ce ,ra modatioii fully occupied, and tjlclll nnablo increasing to an oxtont which lendti to meet Tt by the erection of einpo ar y ^ j, 1 110 Asylum Board have placed L; un()l,r. nmnication with the Admiralty, who - taken to place a warship at thoir d«poMl. J » » vessels had been designated, bti fc V-XViV-j ho fact that compotent official has brought to light t s rogj — ? — ? cloven of then, are useless. The other vessel, tho Ulis has boon accepted, aud sho will be immodl dit from Chatham, and located at Halfway Koaeh, just below Doptford. In thia ..'v ai id by appropriating smno disused work it is hoped the spread of the disease may bo soiiioivhst cheeked.-' Times,' June ltith. 