AUTHORITY OP AN ERRING |A CHURCH. BY PEOTETEE. t the Devil's Carnival did—What it not do—No one ever learned the Ifctian religion out of the bible-The uthorof Faith, the Object of Faith, the Motive of Faith, and the Basis of th_.No faith in the fallible—Crane's second plunge into chaos-The authority of an erring Church—The Catholic worship the only scriptural worship.] &any; esteemed reader was thrown into ethnological study of the very brown jt by the appearance of those "Antiormans" in my article of last week, I cant help them out of it, for I don't know to they are, nor where they cams from, r who sent for them, nor what they want, never heard of these Anti-Normans before. was writing something about An tins; but of Anti-Normans I am ignor- That able hand at typographic mys- J es, yclept the " printer's d-v-1," may be bl e to throw some light upon the subject, and Iso upon the difference between " Celtic" and • Celtish," and several other black letter i in my paper of the week before. at until that printer's d 1 explains all bout it, esteemed readers must only do the iey can with these problems of the and if they find me describing scape of Julius Csesar at Alexndria, let every esteemed reader understand 11 meant Mr. Parnell or the Bey of Tunis. • when I write " Cromwell," and that rinter's d aforesaid types it into " Craner" and expects his venerated purchasers, i well as esteemed readers, to see through othin a disguise, of course no transmutations ] be too much for ingenuity to detect and ,jprchcnd. Printers' d Is perhaps eserve rights over contributors 1 foolscap, and it is really no use going to law with a printer's in his own place of ink and darkness, and so I return to my Antinomians. The floodgates of Erebus being opened by " Fathe Martin" (as as the Augsburgers familiarly culled Mr. Luther), a rushing torrent of "Protestant Churches" burst forth. One of Ikse Churches believed that every Christian should go without clothes, cannibal fashion. Another Church, in a community of wives. Another Church (quite a popular creed) disbelieved all rents and taxes. But the crowning Church was the Antinouiian, whose memfcers said that Christ, by His all- perfect life aud atouing death, had' released all mankind from obedience to the moral law, and therefore that men were no longer bound to keep any of the ten commandments, and that no action was now sinful under the gospel law of liberty, and that murder, adultery, robbery, ) on, were as pleasing^to God as prayer, I, and alms. These were the Antinomians. WHAT THE DEVIL'S CAENIVAI DID. Towards the end of my article in last mi's Advocate I took upon me to state that the grand achievement of that devil's Carnival, which infidels and knaves and fools agree to "the Reformation," consisted in this— iliat it largely, though lamentably, succeeded in shifting the basis of a Christian's faith. The true basis—or that on which a Christian's faith rests—is the Infallibility of the Church. The Lutheran, and still more the re-Keformed, or true Protestant Church, fiercely denied this to be the basis of Christian faith, and asserted that the real and only basis was the " written Word of God," that is, the Holy Scriptures or Bible. But if this assertion wan sound doctrine, how came the Apostles, and the teachers whom they appointed, to go forth into all nations without any Bible in their hands ? No Protestant erer yet fairly answered this question. The Apostles, and those whom they ordained, went into Greece, Thrace, Scythia, Parthia, Persia, France, Italy, Spain and Africa, converting thousands before a line of the Ne w. Testament was penned. How could these thousands of converts take the New Testament as the basis of their Christian faith? It was impossible for them to do so. The Scriptures of the gospel dispensation didn't exist. The taougauds of thousands of converts believed on the infallible spoken words of the Apostles. They were converted by the living voice of the teaching Church, and that teaching was infallible. Every baptized person had made to act of Faith—that is, had believed-with their hef.rt in Christ, before they could te c f ive baptism. But none of them could "" '•a aot of Faith on what was doubtful M feJible, consequently they had baaed their doubting. But where the fallible is, there «mst of needs be doubt. From and after Our «»as aecension, and for many years, were was no Christian bible. Was the vmistian faith all these years without basis to rest on? 'Soon after ™ Day of Penteoost, St. Peter f reached a sermon by which. 3000 persons converted. Were they "saved by the ""Men: Word?" No such word was then •trainable. In solemn, sober truth, no one ^taught the Christian religion out of ™ table; no one receives the grace of Faith •j™r™w>ugh the reading of holy scripture. Christian first receives their religion * a liring, speaking teacher, it may be a mother, or nurse, or other tutor. Then, afterwards, they may read the scriptures, and find m them what they take to be confirmation of their religious opinions which they bad already imbibed. In all such cases the first teaching was the basis of such person's faith. Chronologically, then, faith was formed in them before they read, or, perhaps, were able to understand the written Word God. All Catholics, fairly instructed in the doctrineB of Christ's one Holy Catholic Church, will fully comprehend the cogency of such an argument as consonant with right reason, good logic, and matter of fact. It could not be otherwise, for theology teaches that the Author of Faith is Almighty God ; and the Object of Faith is His revelation; and the Motive of Faith is the veracity of God; and the basis of Faith is the infallibility of the Church of God, which Church is His voice speaking to the world. God never gave a book as the basis of faith. The book could be easily interpreted so as to contradict itself, and thus leave ug in danger of losing the faith, and, with faith, losing the knowledge of God. But he gave us a living, infallible voice, which was ever to be guided by the indwelling Paraclete, the Holy Ghost. The Erastian apostates, 330 and 320 years ago— " the Reformers," as they styled themselves— denied almost every doctrine which the Church taught. But, as the denial of her doctrines would only amount to a malevolent slander when levelled against an infallible Church, thereforo " the (infidel) Reformers" denied the infallibility of the Church, and assigned infallibility to holy scripture only. The whole fabric of Christianity was thus imperilled by what seemed to many a very plausible argument, and the result shows us its false and destructive tendency. In Protestant Germany, Protestant England, and Protestant America, "the bible"—the scriptures—are now used by Protestant scholars and divines to undermine the foundations of Christian faith, which, doubtless, was the purpose which Satan had in view when he prompted men to rest their faith on scripture, and not on the infallibility of the Church, and boastfully to avow that the bible, and the bible only, was the religion of Protestants. What is the bible in the hands of Unitarians, or of Huxleyites ? It is only a handbook of atheism. They put 70 different meanings on it, and so destroy its credibility. This was what the devil's carnival did, and is still doing. r WHAT THE CAENTVAL DID NOT Do. That the Reformation has done an amount of evil which can never be undone or even calculated, yet it was wholly blind to the perception of what would have rendered it a hundred times more hurtful than it has proved. Protestantism never devised or thought of devising one grand compact and imposing rival to the Catholic Church. The world had had dinned into its duil ears for 14 centuries that one meant, unity, and that unity was a note of truth. But Protestantism was not twenty years old when it broke into cabals, and began its suspicious policy of self-contradiction and vulgarity. If it had only set up one magnificent worship, with a more gorgeous ritual, and in these concealed the mean, sordid baseness of its pitiful soul and birth, it might have proved a rival to the papal mother of fair love, and robbed her of many more millions of her children. But Protestantism hadn't the wit to hide its bareness and baldness under garlands and embroidery. If it had thrown away every article of faith and reduced its creed to one clause, " I believe in God," and then adored Him with a suitable grandeur of external adoration, Protestantism might have divided the empire of the world with Catholicity. But no. It was disunion in its essence ; it has crumbled down into a motley mob of unassimilated and unassimilating squabblers, who can never be joined in one, except on a basis of absolute negation—that is, of simple atheism. CBAWHEB'S SECOND PLUNGE. The outcry raised by the Monastic Orders against the Erastian proceedings of the "English Reformers" was one cause of Henry VIII.'s readiness to dissolve them and seize their estates. Cranmer was at tacked also by the Calviuist factions as intending to abolish all semblance of a Church. He, therefore, found it advisable to define a Church in his XIX. Article. He laid it down that a Church was a. congregation of faithful men, aud then immediately went on to declare that the Churches of Antioch, Alexandria," Jerusalem, and Rome had all erred from the faith of faithful men. The article is most astutely drawn up, notwithstanding its intolerable nonsense. It would catch the whole Protestantizing and Protestantized sects, which so soon disowned all allegiance to the " Church of England ' as contemptuously as Cranmer had disowned the Pope. They could all apply Cranmer's definition to themselves as congregations of faithful men, more faithful in some respects than Creamer's Church. The XIX. Article propounded aProtestant principle, andgot rid of the infallibility of all or any " Churches. 1 ' But then arose another, serious question. If the Church, if "all the Churches," had erred and taught lies and blasphemous fables, whatauthority had any Church under the new and reformed syetemof Edward VI. and Queen ^Elizabeth ? That was a very gravepoiat. Hadany Ghurehany authority ? To -answer , tills question, Cranmer took his second plunge into chaos, and broughtup ABTICUS XX. (of the authority 6f theOhurch.) " The Ohuroh is not lawful for the Church to ordain aiiythi ng contrary to' God's word written; neither may it so expound one'part of. scripture that it be repugnant to another. Where&re;, al- though die Church be a witness, and a keeper of Holy Writ, yet as it ought not to declare anything against the same, so beside the same ought it not to enforce anything to be believed as of necessity to salvation."!!! Such was Archbishop Cranmer's dogmatic declaration, adopted 10 years after by Archbishop Parker, with Queen Elizabeth's permission, as an "article of religion" in the "Church of England" for ever; and, although other articles of the 39 may be more impious, or more bitter, or more violent, or more ridiculous, or more stupid, or more consistently Erastian than this Article XX., yet no other article exceeds it in downright simple brutishness, joined with vulpine craft and rascally equivocation. If the devil has a calendar, his zealous servant Cranmer merits a red letter rank in it for the writing of this XX. Article. First, he says that " the Church hath authority to decree rites or ceremonies," but he does not say what Church has this power. He says this unnamed Churnh has authority, but he does not nay from whom that Church derives her authority. He and the other English bishops, by and with his advice, had resigned their episcopal powers and. sees into the king s hands, and then took out commissions from his Majesty Henry "VTII., which empowered them to exercise episcopal functions, but only during their good behaviour. The king, by Act of Parliament in 1535-36, was declared supreme head of the Church in England, and of all ecclesiastics high and low. The king frequently wrote and spoke of himself as being, under God, invested with plenary jurisdiction in spirituals as in temporals. Whatever authority, therefore, the Church of Cranmer had, came altogether from the secular sovereign, a layman. But, then, suppose the king refused to permit the Church to decree rites or ceremonies, what then ? By their oath of allegiance, the bishops were tied down to a submissive and willing obedienee. If the king forbade them to decree rites and ceremonies, they dare not move one linger against his commands, under pain of high treason, and what authority hnd the Church then? None whatever. Queen Elizabeth did actually prohibit or permit the bishops at. her pleasure. She wrote to one of them, and swore in it that, "by God, she would unfrock him" if he was refractory. So that Cranmer suppresses what he knew and believed to be the truth of the case, that " the Church"had no authority of her own, and, whatever authority she had, was obtained from the king. Cranmer aud Parker were both thorough Erastians. All spiritual and teuiperal power came from the king. Yet, to deceive foreign Catholics, they both dissemble, and, as far as they could, conceal a fact which the Catholic princes would make diplomatic use of. But Cranmer had another and stronger reason for making the authority of " the Church" [what Church ?] an article of the new Anglican religion—that is, so far as rites and ceremonies were conoerned. If the Church had authority to decree rites, that is, to enact them, she had also authority to abolish them. . So that this XX. Article is cunningly composed as a plea or defence of Mr. Cranmer himself for having put down and done away with the ceremonies of Mass, Vespers, Compline, the use of salt and oil in baptism, and all the Holy Week services, as well as Extreme Unction, the sign of the Cross, and many other rites and ceremonies of the Catholic Church used in England for so many ages. He had made it penal to use any of these rites as being also used at Rome in the Pope's own diocese. He made it a legal crime to imitate or even to speak in favour of these " Roman" ceremonies. Therefore, he laid it down as law that " the Church" [what Church ?] had authority to decree rites, that is, of course, to pull thein down. He was j ustifying his own deeds when he drew up this XX. Article. But if "the Church" of England had such authority, had not the Churches of Antioch, Alexandria, Jerusalem, aud Rome similar authority? The Roman rite-had been adopted in England, and followed for 800 years. Cranmer, by force of penal law, suppressed these Roman rites. Where got he his authority to do so ? " The Church," he says, had such authority. Well, where did she get it ? One hundred years after Cranmer constructed this article the Cromwellite Independents virtually used it, and used its argument to pull down all the rites and ceremonies of that Anglican congregation of faithful men which Cranmer and Parker had set up. Had the Independents, or Oliver Cromwellites, any authority to do so ? Yes, they had the Erastian authority which Cranmer had ; they had the authority of the Chief Magistrate of the State. That Independent Chief Magistrate had precisely the same authority as the monarch who authorised the pulling down of the ancient Catholic rites and ceremonies, and the setting up of the Erastian Cranmerite Book of Common Prayer and the Anglican rites. The right of might, the votes of Parliament, the voice of the people, and the decision of the great Council of State. But had God no voice id the manner of His own worship ? Was the Almighty thankfully to accent whatever kind of worship His creatures condescended ta offer Him ? That is a question Protestants do not ever pause to consider. God should take what they give/iand raise no objections. Cranmer worships' Him, and by force of law compels the English nation to him oneway THIB yeari Then, next year, the Independent CromwefliteB come in and tear down' CranmerV worship, and give Goda more truly scriptural worship iban Cranmer gave Ham. How 1 db ' tliey know thkt one Protestant form'- of worship w Tnore scriptural than toother? They don't know anything dtaHoh die subject: foriilie'NewTestiatiamt say^ not one syllable from end to endaJowt any form of worship. And this constitutes the very climax of Cranmer's audacity and shameless effrontery and dupEcIty in concocting his XX. Article. He says that although " the Church" [what Church ?] has authority to decree rites, yet she ought not to decree anything contrary to the written word of God, meaning, of course, the New Testament. Now, observe the foxrlike wilyness, and the thimblerig impudence with which this apostate archbishop refers to the scriptures, he' knowing full well that no form, no rite, no ceremony of any description are mentioned, or enjoined, or recommended in the Christian scriptures of the New Testament. And this makes the infatuation of all Protestants the more glaring and detestable. They all appeal to the New Testament in proof that each of their worships, or services, or rites, are more scriptural than the others ; all of them knowing that the New Testament is silent on the point, and therefore that none of them can ever know which Protestant form of worship is most pleasing or most displeasing to God. It seems God must take whatever they choose to give Him, and, at the same time, listen to their lies about the scripturalness of the offering, as if He rather liked lies about such matters as His worship. If Protestants have the hardihood to go into the Old Testament, they are all dumbfoundered at once, for, when God waB regulating TTia own worship, without hints from Cranmer, or Baxter, or Anabaptist, or other insolent and presumptuous fanatics, He prescribed rich, and costly, and highly ornamented vestments, and an elaborate ritual of the most imposing splendour. The ritual and priestlyrobes of the Catholic Church Btrikingly resemble those described by Moses in Exodus and Numbers; so much so, that one might almost conclude the Catholic worship was modelled after the Jewish pattern, which was given by God Himself. So that, if scripture is to settle the matter, the Catholic service or worship is the most scriptural of all services or worships. The deceitfulnens of this XX. Article of the Anglican Erastian 39 is still more apparent in cunning aud hypocritical insincerity of the language it employs when speaking of "the Church" [what Church ?] in her office and character of guardian, keeper, witness, and expositor of the holy scriptures. "Although," says Mr. Archbishop Craumer, echoed by Mr. Archbishop Parker, as spokesmen for all England, when degraded and dishonoured by her wretched fall into schism and heresy: " although the Church [what Church ?] be a witness and a keeper of holy writ, yet she ought not to decree anything against the same ;" nor enforce anything as necessary to salvation but what is enforced in scripture. What an amazing discovery! The Church [what Church?], whose duty it is to preserve and explain the holy scriptures, ought not to betray her trust nor falsify her mission. The Church [what Church ?] ought not to do what she ought not to do! Astonishing declaration! And this is one of the articles of the religion in the Protestant Erastian, woman-governed Anglican Church." What a sacred article of faith ! The enchanting loveliness of this Article XX. lies wholly in its child-like heartlessuess of expression ; in its unsophisticated vagueness of speech, and guilelessness of assertion. But the Stygiau snake is hid in this nice soft grass. Cranmer, in 1552, and Parker, in 1562, insinuate that their new Church of England, fresh from the tailor's, was the only true and faithful witness to the true and faithful meaning of holy scripture, as if she had stood by and seen it all written. Edward VI. and Queen Elizabeth were the most reliable interpreters of the word of God, and safest vouchers for the genuineness and authenticity of the New Testament. Thatis what Article XX. so gently enunciates. A " witness " is one who sees and knows; and this article implies that the " Church of England" was alive when St. Matthew wrote his gospel and St. Paul his epistles; and, therefore, she (or it) is competent to prove that all "Churches," such as Antioch, Alexandria, Jerusalem, and Rome, have erred, especially Rome, and taught " dangerous deceits," not only as regards the manner of worshipping God, as in the Mass, and not only in regard to morals, such as the inviolability of the marriage tie, but also in matters of faith, such as the invocation of the saints reigning with Christ, and the ministry of the holy angels, and prayers for the sonls departed out of this life, and the reality of Purgatory, and confession to a priest, and sacramental penance, and absolution, and the fust of Lent (of which no mention is made "in scripture"), and also about the real presence, aud papal supremacy, and seven sacraments of the gospel dispensation, all of which doctrines Cranmer's Article XX., so innocent, so mildly spoken, intends to assure us are all unscriptural fallacies, coined and imposed by " Rome," but no vestige of which can be traced in " the bible." So now, O " Romanist," thou mayest go and hide thy diminished head. Cranmer, the greatest scoundrel among the many great scoundrels that adorned that age of the Devil's Carnival, and tbe potent King Edward VI., aged 14, and Parker, another apostate, and the virgin Queen Elizabeth of England, bid thee depart and never return. Therefore, farewell, my poor, erring "Ro manist" until next week. April 12,18B1. . A aHME of twenty-fhre bellis wfclctl have b&sa; presented to a .nfatatwt^jriseqprf Church, in Philadelphia, will-be rung by thd organist, "wftb*will'bavecompletecpntrbl over It. ; ilLfL^l^iri.M.. "8)4 meat witr •*• : 