THE STILLWATBE TRAGEDY. (From the Atlantic Monthly.) It is oIobs upon daybreak. The great wall ' of pines and hemlocks that keep off the east wind from Stillwater stretches blaok and indeterminate again at the sky. At intervale a doll, metallic sound, like the gaiteral twang of a violin string, rises from the frog-inleBted swamp skirting the highway. Suddenly the birds stir in their nests over there in the woodland, and break into that wild jargoning chorus with whioh they herald the advent of a new dav. In the apple-orohards and among the plum-trees of the few gardens in Still water, the wrens and the robins and the blue- jays catch np the crystal oresoendo, and what a melodious racket they make of it with their fifes and flutes and flageolets. The village lies in a tranoe like death. Possibly not a soul hears this inusio, unless it is the watchers at the bedside of Mr. Leonard Tappletou, the riohest man in town, who has- lain dying these three days, and cannot last till sunrise. Or perhaps some mother, drowsily hashing her wakeful baby, pauses a moment and listens vacantly to the birds singing. Bat who else J The hubbub suddenly ceases — ceases as suddenly ae it begac — and all is still again in the woodland. Bat it is not so dark as before. A faint glow of white light is dis cernible behind the ragged line of the tree tops. The deluge of darkness is receding from the faee of the earth, as the mighty waters xeoeded ot old. ' The roofs and tall factory chimneys of Stillwater are slowly taking shape in the gloom. Is that a cemetery coming into view yonder, with its ghostly arobileoture of obelisks and broken oolumns and huddled bead-stones? No, that is only Slooom'e Marble Yard, with the finished and unfinished work heaped up like snowdrifts— a cemetery in embryo. Hera and there in an outlying farm a lantern glimmers in the barn- yard ; the oattle are having their fodder betimes. Soarlet-capped ohantiolesr gets himself on the nearest rail-fence asd lifts up his ran corous voice like some irate old cardinal launching the corse ot Borne. Something orawlB awiitly along the giey of the serpentine turnpike,— a dog-cart, with the driver lashing a jaded hone. A quick wind goeB shivering by, and is lost in the forest. Now a narrow atrip of two-ooloored gold stretches along the horizon. Slillwater is gradually coming to its senses. The eon has begun to twinkle on the gilt ocoss of the Catholio ohapel and to make itself known to the doves in the stone belfry of the South Chnroh. The patohes; of cob web 'that here snd there oling tremulously to the coarse grass ol the inundated, meadows have turned into silver nets, and .the mill pond— it will be steel- blue later— is as smooth and white as if it had been paved with one vast unbroken slab out of Slooom's Marble Yatd. Through a row of button-woods on the northern skirt ot the village is seen a square, lap-streaked building, painted a dis agreeable brown, and surrounded on three sides by a platform— one of seven or eight similar stations strong like Indian beads on a branch thread of the Great Sagamore Bailway. Listen ! That is the jingle of the bells on the baker's cart aa it begins its rounds. From innumerable chimneys the curdled smoke gives evidence that the thrifty housewife— or, what is rarer in Stillwater, the hired girl — has lighted the kitchen fire. The chimney-stack of one house at the end of a small court — the last house on the easterly edge of the village, and stand ing quite alone — sends up the smoke. Yet the carefully trained ivy over the porch, and the lemon verbena in a tub at the foot of the steps, intimate that the place is not unoccupied. Moreover, the little square-rigged schooner which aota as weather-cock on one of the gables, and is now heading due west, has two new sky sails. It is a storey-and-a-half cottage, with a large expanse of roof, which, covered with porous, unpainted shingles, seems to repel the sunshine that now strikes full upon it. The upper and lower blinds on the main building, as well as those on the extensions, are tightly closed. The eon appears to beat in vain at the case ments of this silent house, which has a curiously sullen and defiant air, as if it had desperately and successfully barrioaded itself against the approach ot morning; yet if one were standing in the room that leads from the bed-chamber on the ground floor — the room with the latticed window one would see a ray of light thrust through a chink of the shutters, and pointing like a human finger at an object which lies by the hearth. This finger, gleaming, motionless, and awful in its precision, points to the body of old Mr. Lemuel Shackford, who lies there dead in his night-dreBS with a gash across his forehead. In the darkness of that summer night a deed darker than the night itself had been dose in Stillwater. That morning, when Miohael Hennessey's girl Mary — a gitl sixteen years old — carried the oan oi jnilk to *he rear -|oor of the silent J»iw, #te wab neuly « quarter oi u how later than usual, and looked forward to being soundly rated. ' :- : - ?: ' He's up and been waiting for it/' she eaid to herself, observing the sonllery door ajar. 'Won't I ketch it! It's him for growling and snapping at a body, and it's me tor always being before or behind time, bad look to me. There's no plazing him.' Mary pushed back the door, and pushed through tbe kitohen, nerving herself all the while te meet the objurgations whioh ebe sup posed were lying in wait for her. Tbe sun shine was blinding without, but eifted througb'the green jalousies, made it a grey, crepuscular light within. As the girl ap proached the table, on whioh a plate with knife and lork had been laid for breakfast, she noticed, somewhat indistinctly at first, a thin red line running obliquely across the floor from the direction of tbe sitting-room and ending near the stove, where it had formed a small pool. Mary stopped short, soaroely conscious why, and peeied instinctively into the adjoining apartment. Then, with a smothered cry, she let fall the milk-ean, and a dozen white rivulets, in strange contrast to that one dark red line which first startled her, went meandering over the kitchen floor. With her eyes riveted upon some object in the next room, the girl retreated backward, slowly and heavily dragging one foot after the other, until ehe reached the sonllery door, then she turned awiitly and plunged into the street. Twenty minutes later every man, woman, and child in Stillwater knew that old Mr. Shaokford had been murdered in his bed. Mary Hennessey had to tell her story a hundred times during the morning, for each minute brought to Miobael's tenement a fresh listener hungry for the details at first hand. ?' How was it, Molly ? Tell a body, dear !' 'Don't be asking me 1' cried Molly, pres sing her palms to her eyea as if to shut out the sight, but taking all the while a secret creepy satisfaction ia living the scene over again. ' ft waa kinder dark in the other room, and there he was, laying in hie night gownd, with his iaoe turned toward b me, so ; looking mighty eevere-like, jest as if he was agoing to say ' It's late with the milk ye are, ye hussy 1' — a way he had of snaking.' 'But he didn't spake, Molly darlin' ?' ' Niver a word. He was stone dead, don't you see. It was that still you oould hear me heart beat, saving there wasn't a drop of a beat in it. I let go the oan, sure, and then I backed out, with me eye on 'im all the while, afeared to death that he would np and spake them words.' ' The pore ohild t for the likes of her to be wakln' up a murtheied man in the mornin' 1' There was little or no work done that day in Stillwa'er outside the milla, and they were not running full handed. A number of men fiom the Miantowona Iron Works and Slocum's yard— Slocum employed some seventy or eighty hands — lounged about the streets in their blouses or stood in knots in front of the tavern, smoking short clay pipes. Not an urchin put in an appearance at the small red brick building on the turnpike. Mr. Pinkham, the schoolmaster, waited an hour for the recusants, then turned the key in the look and went home. Draggled-lookiug women, with dish-cloth or dust-pan in hand, stood in door-ways or leaned from windows, talking in subdued voioes with neighbours on the ourb-stane. In a hundred far-away cities tbe news of the suburban tragedy bad already been read and forgotten ; but here the horror staved. There was a constantly changing crowd gathered in front of the house iu Welch's Court. An inquest was being held in tbe room adjoining the kitchen. The oourt, whioh ended at tbe gate of the cottage, was fringed for several yards on eaoh side by rows of equalid, wondering children, who under stood it that Coroner Whidden was literally to sit on the dead body, — Mr. Wliidden, a limp, inoffensive little man, who would not have dared to sit down on a fly. He had passed, pallid and perspiring, to the scene of his perfunctory duties. The result of the investigation waB awaited with feverish impatience by the people out side. Mr. Shaokford had not been a popular man ; be' had been a hard, avaricious, pas sionate man, holding his own way remorse esBiy. He bad been the reverse of popular, but he had long been a prominent eharaoier in Stillwater, beoause of his wealth, his end less lawsuits, and his eooentrioity, an illus tration of whioh was bis persistence in living entirely alone in the isolated and dreary old house, that was henceforth to be inhabited by bis shadow. Not his shadow alone, how ever, for it was now remembered that the premises were already held in fee by another phantasmal tenant. At a period long anterior to this, one Lydia Sloper, a widow, had died an unexplained death under that same roof. The ooinaidenoa struck deeply into the imaginative portion of Stillwater. ' The widow Sloper and Shaokford have made a match of it,' remarked a local humourist, in a grimmer vein than customary. Two ghosts had now set up housekeeping, as it were, in the strioken mansion, and what might not be looked for in the way ot spectral progeny t It appeared to tbe crowd in the lane that the jury were unconscionably long in arriving at a decision, and when a decision was at length reached, it gave but moderate satis faction. After a spendthrift waeto of judioial time the jury had deoided that ?' the death of Lemuel Shaokford was caused by a blow on tbe left temple, inflicted with some instrument not discoverable, in the hands of some person or persona unknown.' ' We knew that before,' grumbled a voioe in the orowd, when, to relieve public sub penee, Lawyer Perkins — a long, lank man, with stringy ;blaok hair— announced the verdict from the doorstep. The theory of snicide had obtained momen tary credence early in the morning, and one or two still clang to it with the tenacity that characterises persons who entertain few ideas. Te acoept this theory it was necessary to believe that Mr. Shackford had ingeniously hidden the weapon after striking himself dead with a single blow. No, it was not suioide. So far from intending to take his own life, Mr. Shaokford, it appeared, had made rather careful preparations to live that day. The breakfast table had been laid over night, tbe ooals left Steady for kindling in the Franklin stove, and a kettle, filled with water to be heated for his tea or coffee, stood on the hearth. Two faots had sharply demonstrated them selves—first, that Mr. Shaokford had been murdered; and, second, that the spur to the crime had been the possession of a sum of money whioh the deceased was supposed to keep in a strong-box in his bedroom. The padlook had been wrenched open, and the lees valuable oontents of the chest, ohiefly papers, soattered over the carpet. A memo randum among tbe papers seemed to specify tbe respective sums in notes and gold that had been deposited ia tbe box. A dooument of some kind had been torn into minute pieces, and thrown into the waste basket. On dose sorutiny a word or two here and there revealed the fact that the dooument was of a legal character. The fragments were put into an envelope, and given in charge of Mr. Saackford's lawyer, who plaoed seals on that and on the drawers of an escritoire whioh stood in the corner, and contained other manuscripts. The instrument with which the fatal blow had been dealt — f orthe autopsy showed that there had been but one blow— was not only not discoverable, bat the fashion Ol it aeged. conjeoture, Tbe ebape (A tbe wonnd did not indicate the uae of any implement known to the jurors, several ..of whom were skilled machinists. The wound was an inch ,and three-quarters in length, and very deep at the extremities ; in. the middle it scarcely penetrated to the cranium. So peculiar a cut could not have been produced with the claw part of a hammer, because the claw is always curved, and the incision was straight. Aflat claw, such as is used in opening packing cases, was suggested. A collection ot the several sizes manufactured was procured, but none corresponded with the wound ; they were either too wide or too narrow. Moreover, the cut was as thin as the blade of a case knife. ' That was never done by any tool in these parts,' declared Stevens, the foreman of the finishing shop at Slocum's. The assassin or assassins had entered by the scullery door, the simple fastening of which, a hook and staple, had been broken. There were footprints in tbe soft clay path leading from the side gate to the stone step ; but Mary.Hennessey had so confused and obliterated the outlines that now it was impossible accurately to measure them. A half-bumed match was found under the sink — evidently thrown there by the burglars. It was of a kind known as the safety match, which can be ignited only by friction on a strip of chemicallypre pared paper glued to the box. As no box of this description was discovered, and, as all the othec matches in the house were of a different make, the charred splinter was preserved. The most minute examination failed to show more than this. The last time Mr. Shackford had been seen alive was at six o'clock the previous evening. Who had done the deed ? ' Tramps !' answered Stillwater, with one voice, though Stiilwater lay somewhat out of the natural highway,' and the tramp — that bitter blossom of civilisation whose seed waa blown to ua from over seas — was not then as common by the New England roadsides as he became five or eix years later. Bat it was intolerable net to have a theory; it was that or none, for conjecture turned to no one in the village. To be sure, Mr. Shackford had been ia litigation with several of the corporations, and had had legal quarrels with more than one of bis neighbours; but Mr. Shackford had never been victorious in any of these con tests, and tbe incentive of revenge was wanting to explain the crime. Besides, it was eo clearly robbery. Though the gathering around the Shack ford house had reduced itself to half a dozen idlers, and the less frequented streets had resumed their normal aspect of dullness, there was a strange electric quality in the atmosphere. The com munity was in that state of suppressed agitation and suspicion which no word adequately describes The slightest cir cumstance would have swayed it to the belief in any ' man's guilt ; and indeed there were men in Stillwater quite capable of disposing of a fellow-creature for a much smaller reward than Mr. Shackford had held out. In spite of the tramp theory, a harmless tin-pedlar, who had not passed through the place for weeks, was dragged from his glittering cart that afternoon, as he drove smilingly into town, and would have been roughly handled if Mr. Richard Shackford, a cousin of the deceased, had not interfered. As the day wore on, the excitement deepened in intensity,* though the ex pression of it became nearly reticent. It was noticed that the lamps throughout the village were lighted nearly an hour earlier than usual. A sense of insecurity settled upon Stillwater with the falling twilight — that nameless apprehension which ij pos sibly more trying to the nerves than tangible danger. When a man is smitten inexplicably, as if by a bodiless hand stretched outof acloud — when the red slayer ? vanlBhea like a mist and leaves no faintest trace of his identity — the mystery shrouding t.b.8 deed presently becomes mora appalliag than the d«ed itself. There is something paralysing in th« thought of an invisible land somewhere ready to strike at your, or at tome life dearer than your own. Whoa* hand, and where is it ? Perhaps it puses you your coffee at breakfast ; perhaps you have hired it to shovel .the snow off your sidewalk; perhaps it hai brushed against you in the crowd ; or may be you have dropped a coin into the fearf al palm at a street corner. Ah, the terrible unseen hand that stabs your Imagination — this immortal park of you which is a hundred times more sensitive than your poor periihsble body 1 In the midst of situations the most solemn and tragic, there often falls a light purely farcio»i in its incongruity. Such a gleam was unconsciously projected upon the present crlela by Mr. Bodge, better known in the village aa Father B^rfge. Mr. Badge was atone deaf, naturally ttupid, and had been nearly moribund for thirty years with asthma. Just befor* nightfall he had crawled in his bewil dered wheezy fashion down to the tavern, where he fouud a sombre crowd in the bar room. Mr. Bodge ordered his muff of beer, and sat pipping it, glancing meditatively from, time to time over the pewter rim at the mute assembly. Suddenly be broke out, ' S'pose you've heard that old Shack ford's been murdered.' So the sun went down on Stillwater. Again the great wall of pines and hemlocks made a gloom against the sky. The moon rose from behind the tree-tops, frosting their ragged edges, asd then sweeping up to the zenith hung serenely above the world, as if there were never a crime, or a tear, or a heart-break in it all. On the afternoon of the following day Mr. Shaokford waa duly buried. ' The funeral, under the direction of Mr. Biohard Shaokford, who aoted as chief mourner, and waa sole mourner by right of kinship, took place in profound silenoe. The carpenters, who had lost a day on Bishop's new stables, inter mitted their sawing and hammering while the servioes were in progress; tbe steam was shut off in the iron-mills, and no clink ing of tbe chisel waa heard in the marble yard for an hour, during which many of tbe shops had their shutters up. Then, when all was over, the imprisoned fiend in the boilers gave a pieroing shriek, the leather bands slipped on the revolving drumB, the spindles leaped into life again, and the old order of things was reinstated — outwardly, but not in effect. Good Apviob to a Judge. — Ji m Webster was brought up yesterday before an Austin justice oi the peace. It was the eame old charge that used to bother him so much, in Galveston. After the evidence waa all in, the judge, with a perplexed look, said : — [' But I do not comprehend, Webster, how it was possible for you to steal those 'chickens when they were roosting right under the owner's window, and there were two vicious dogs in the yard;' 'Hit wouldn't do yer a bit of good, jedge, for me to splain how I cotched dem chickens, fer yer couldn't do it yerself if ye tried_ it forty times, and yer might get yer hide full of buckshot de berry fust time yer put yer leg ober de fence. De bes way for yer ter do judge, is- f »r yer ter buy yer chickens ia de marte*,'— Xs*w Siftmgs. 