?: THE O'MAHONY, CHIEF OF THE 0OMEEAGHS. CHAPTEE VL FUN AND FBOLIC IN THE OLD FARM-HOUSE — SHAUN-NA-COPPEL'O ADVENTUEES — ' THAT 'WAS THE ONLY EEAL BIT OF DIVAEaHUN I HAD SINCE I LEFT IRELAND.' (Continued.) ' It's kind for O'Mahony to have a liberal hand /'proceeded ShauD0 ' Your father] was the real ould Irish giutleman, and kept the plenti ful house, God rest his soul this night in glory, x pray : ' Then you must have known him P' 'Know him P Faith, in troth I did, and shure I had good reason, tod !'? ?' Why, what did he do to yon P' ' Och ! nothing, youv honour, but what I desarved !' ' Did he flog you, Shaun !' 'Begor, you may say that ; but shure that was better tban sinding me acraas the says, as he could do.' ' Tell us about it, Shaun.'' 'It was whin you was in college, sir; so that's the reason you never knew nothin' about it. Well, the ould mastlier took a ?likin' to me, for I was a hardy gossoon then, and hired me as his servant and driver,, That's how I was with him whGn he wentthravelling around the world like a ninny whin he had lashin's and lavin's at home. But that's not here nor there. We rambled around England for a month, an' he enjoyed it ; for bein' an Irishman, there was no trouble in getting up a scrimmage, for the people used to say all manner of hard things about Ireland ; and your father — heavens be his bed this night, for I never saw a purtier hand wid a shillelagh — was kept busy atiekin' the lie down their throats. Begor, I enjoyed it, your honour, particularly a jewel we had in London.' ' A. duel, you mean P' ' Sorra bit of. me knows what you call it, but 'this I know, that your father and another fellow had a nice quarrel first and then they agreed to have the jewel in tho room. The conditions were that ono was to take each end of a table and both were to fire on a signal being given. ' Your father, bould as a lion, marched up to the head of the table and the English spalpeen crawls up to the other, and before they were placed the Johnny Bull levelled his pistol, cocked it, and was in the act of firm' whin I struck up his hand, sending the ball through tho loft. More betoken, it lodged in the leg of an old dowager up stairs, and sho schreamed mille a-murtJiev, and set the whole house in an alarm, but we had the door locked and didn't mind her.' ' Well, what did my father do with the fellow ?' asked O'Mahony. 'Do to him? he jist went over, and takin' him by the collar wid hia left hand, he lifted him up like a child botunohim and the light, and clappin' the pistol to his head, ex claimed : ' ' You murtherin' villain, I'll kill you'as dead as a drowned kitten, and make mince mate of you besides.' The fellow got as pale asbiled cheese and craved for his life like a child, lie squirmed and twisted try in' to get out of his grasp, but there he was tight as if in a vice, with the pistol at his ear; and no one interfered, for they all said he desarved it.' ' ' I'll givo you while I'm countiu' fifteen to cay your prayers, then I'll shoot you like a dog,' exclaimed the mastlier, shaking him up as a terrier would a rat. ' ' One, ,two, three, four, five !' sung out your father, pressing the pistol tighter on his ear, but when he had reached ten the fellow had fainted. ' ' I believe the rascal is dead !' exclaimed the masther, flinging him on the table ; ' an' if there is any one here that says I did not sarve him right, let him take his place at the head of the table.' ' The masther then fired at the candle at the ind of the room, quinching it as if the bullet was aehnuffers. '' They all looked at each other and at the candle, an' said that masther had served the fellow on the table right.' ' Is that the only adventure ye had P' ' Musha ; no, sir ; we had lots ov thim in England, so that masther was in the best possible humour; but whin we wint to France — och ! it grieved me heart to see how he fell away in a few weeks. We couldn't under stand these foreigners and their gibberish, and whin you'd shpake of Ireland it was ' Vive V Irlande !' wid them all the time. Upon my souckens I didn't know what this was, bud masther said it meant ' Hurrah for Cork and the shky over it!' so you see we couldn't pick up a quarrel, and mastlier got downhearted intirely. Shure I thought he'd go into a galloppm' consumpshon. ' A man's luck will sometimes turn up whin he least expects it. We wor wun day travelling in an ould-fashioned coach, and when far from any town we came upon five men fightin' on the road. Four of thim seemed to be puekin' the other. Your father heard the noise and looked out. His face at v/unce brightened up, and he calls out, ' Sthop, sthop the carriage !' We did so, an' h© jumps out an' rushes over to take a hand in. ' The fellows were chattering like monkeys, and fighting like d — Is all the time. ' Your father took the wake side, and struck out right and left at the others. I sometimes put in a blow wid a skull-cracker I had, which was great relief to him. The masther soon floored two of the fellows, and the others ran away, but he was dreadfully cut and bruised himself. Meself and the driver helped him to the coach. ' Take me aisy, Shaun,' says he, and then, taking his hankerchief and wipin' the blood from bis face, he says to me wid a smile as he squeezed me hand : ' ' Shauu, I declare to God that was the only decent bit of divarshun I had since I left Ireland!'' The O'Mahony could not help laughing at Shaun's recital of his father's adventures, and said: 'That was strange fun.' ' Troth it was, your honour, but thim is the very words he said to me, and, more betoken, he got cheerful and like himself afther that, though he was as sore as a boil for a week aftherwards.' 'Why did he flog you after all you went through together P' ' Begosh, I desarved it, sir ; an' shure it was good ov him not to sind me to Botany Bay. You see whin we came home I got very fond ov horses entirely, an' 3touv father had a nice thoroughbred out on the hillG. One day I caught her and put a bridle on her, when off; she darts like an arrow, an' I never knew a haporth until she carried me to Mallow aginst my will. It chanced to be a fair day, an' a fellow comes up an' axed the price of the beasht, and shure enuff he bought her. ' He was just payin' me whiu who should arrive bud masther. He got back the mare, an' made me mount her and ride home beside him. When I came home he took me out in tho barn, and says he to me : ' Shaun, bekase you wonce saved me life in London, I'll not shoot you nor thransport you, but I'll give you a floggin' that you won't forget.' ' So he tied me to a post, an' lethered my jacket until I almost fainted, and there is the whole sthory for you.' Well, Shaun, you are a regular fund of stories. You must pay me a visit an' toll mo more of your yarns.' ' I will, sir; an' if you have no objection I'd give you a few move now.' ' With pleasure, Shaun ; so go on.' ' Would your honour like to hear how I tricked ould Crosby, tho gaugerP' ' Certainly, Shaun.' ' Well, your honour, you must know that old carrot-nosed Crosby was about the hardest gauger to beat that I ever cum acraas. I think he'd scent a potteen still a mile off, an' as we had fooled all the other gaugers, the Government sint him down on purpose to hunt us up. True enough, he caught several of the boys, an' you may bo sure they supped sorrow. I waa in Lismore wun day, and Air. Hinch, who used to buy the crathor from ua and ship it down the Blackvrater at night* says to me : ' 'Shaun,' says he very mournfully, ' thrade is goin' to the bad !' ''It's goin' to the d-1, Mr. Hinch,' I exclaimed, ' aince ~, that ould bottle-nose Crosby cum.' ' ' 1 wish a plaguo or somethin' would break out, Shaun, for I'm tould he has a holy horror of sickness.* ' 4 Tho Lord botuuo no an' all harm, but if wo could git up some fever cases, wouldn't it be a blosnin', Mr. Hinch.' ' ' Shaun,' said Mr. Hinch, ' iv you could get me three or four kegs of good potteen, I'd pay well for them, for I know where I could got n good price for the sthuff.' ' ' Begor, I don't know how I could do it, but I'll think it over.' ' Well, sir, shure enuff. I sthruclc upon a plan an' no mistake. ' I filled the cart wid kegs ot potteen and wads of straw betune them, an' a fine bed of hay on top of them. I then chalked my face until I looked like a corpse. ' At the best of times I'm not over ptirty, your honour, wid my lanthern jaws and pock marked face, but when chalked an' painted I looked so frightful that any decent ghost wxid take me for a companion. 'I shpread a sheet over the hay and lay down on it with a quilt over me an' a white cap tied around me head. I then got my cousin, Tom Flin, to drive the nag, and oft we stharted for Lismore. ' I knew full well that old Crosby would be rnakin' his rounds of the country the same day, and that he'dibe sure to crass me, sol lecthurod Tom until he had his lesson pat as ABC. ' Shure enuff, we hadn't gone above two miles when who should we see but Crosby and some of his men cumin' towards us. ' ' Shaun,' said Tom in a whisper, i here thoy are.' ' ' .Now, Tom, mind your part of the play,' I replied. ' When Crosby came close to us he shouted Out: ' ? Sthop that car ! I'll lay a wager that you are a smuggle!1, and that you are loaded wid whiskey. I shmell it, you rascal !' (To he continued.) 