THEATRICAL GOSSIP. Theatrioal Gossip. The theatrical world of London is just now very dull, and there is nothing of interest stirring. All the stars are in the provinces, with the exception of the Haymarket, where an off-season is being carried on just to keep the rats and mildew out of the house. Here Miss Ada Ward was playing " East Lynne" on the departure of the last mail. A musical .festival,of *a novel oharaoter in England it as inaugurated at Brighton the other day, being a competition among the members of Musical Societies from France, Belgium, and Switzerland. The instrumentalists and vooallsts, numbering between 1,500 and 1,600, have been most hospitably received. The Mayor of Brighton presided at the opening ceremony, which took place in the Dome Assembly Boom, and after the festival was declared open the competitions were proceeded with in the after noon, the whole of the Pavilion having been ap propriated for that purpose. Sir Jnlius Bene dict, Sir G. Elvey, Sir Herbet Oakley, Signor Alberti, and many other well-known professors of musio were to decide on the awards. The old Folyteohnic Institntion in Regent street, the place where it was always professed that instruction and amusement went hand in hand, the place where the rude efforts of the photographio art were displayed some forty years ago by M. Daguerre, and where the " diving bell" and Pepper's ghost have delighted the childhood and boyhood of the present generation, is to be finally closed on August 27, the shareholders of the company having resolved to place the concern in liquida tion, and the institution and its various con tents and " properties" will shortly be brought to tbe Hammer. The editor of the Milwaukee Sun has had an original play submitted to him for examination, and he says:—"We have read the play care fully, and th6 one prominent features is its wonderful originality. It is not like anything we ever witnessed on the stage, bnt of oourse we cannot say how it might be received by the publio. The curtain rises npon a dead man the first thing, with the handle of a dagger stioking ont of his bosom, and the assassin stands gloat ing over his victim for a few minutes, when, to the horror of the audience, he seises the handle of the fatal weapon, and draws out a bright, gleaming tin dagger, eleven feet long, and the murdered man sits np and begins to argne on the currency question. This startling tragedy rivets the interest of the audience from the start and gets them off the idea that it is a play. The scene changes, when a beautiful girl, rigged up as an angel with wings, and dressed in pink mosquito bar and strung on wires, floats through the air, back and forth half a dozen times, then plomes her flight and disappears amid the paste board clonds at the top of the stage. Aot third represents a pie- woman selling dried apple pies, and there is more or less conversation of an irrelevant nature between ber and customers, one man producing a boot heel and swearing he found it in the pie. Act four, which is the last, onlminates with two young men fighting about a beautiful girl, one having offended the other by hitting the girl in the back with a tomato can, and then trying to lie out of it. There is no plot. Plots have become so common in plays that the pnblio is tired of them. There is no love, love having become old and baldheaded and toothless. There is no deep and terrible hatred, deep and terrible hatred being too snide, and what fighting ooenrs is done merely to fill in the time, or first blood for the drinks. The great object aimed at by the anthor has been to make the playotiginal in every essential, and he baa succeeded to a wonderful degree. The audience is relieved of all trouble of fol lowing the play, and the last act can be played first, or the second can be played last, jait as it happens. Nobody gets killed, as in other plays, thus causing an unpleasant feeling; but the dead man, who was killed before the curtain rose, comes to life. If the play is properly put npon the stage, we do not see why it should not have an extended run." In the representation of the " Winter's Tale" at the Drnry-lane Theatre by the artists of the Saxe-Meiningen Company, another of those spectacular effects is realized says a London paper, which, to the Kngliab playgoer, form a chief charm of the entertain ment. The trial of Hermione affords an instance of stage arrangement, the influence of which npon the pubiie is inexpressibly stirring. Around the injured Queen, who stands on a dais, is grouped the entire Court and a portion of the population of Silioia. Her arraignment and defence are heard, and then, with preliminary flourish of trumpets, enter the messengers returning with the oracle of Apollo. The message is read exonerating the Queen from guilt, and laying upon the shoulders of leontes the blame of a cruel aud baseless jealousy. Then follows a tumult of rejoieing, the effect of which is inspiriting in the highest degree. The stage ia then temporarily darkened, and a lightning flash and quick aucceediug peal attest the anger of the offended deity, and drive back the crowd in panio. This scene, with the frantic acclama tions of the men, and the shrill cry of hysterical women piercing through the tumult, is a vin dication of the art of the German company, and in itself repays a visit to the theatre. In addition to the beauty of the pictures afforded, and the matchless excellence of dress and scenery, the performance, like previous representation, is noteworthy for ensemble. Of the characters, nearly a hundred in number, who are brought on the si age, there is not one who is not apparently an artist, and the entire performance is a remarkable instanoe of sustained interp retation. Among the dramatis persona one only stands out from the general leveL The Hermione of Traulien Haverl&nd; displays a mixture of dignity and passion whioh is highly impressive. lu the other characters the performance is satisfactory, without being remarkable. " Claude Dnval; or Love and larceny," a new and original romantic and comic opera in three acts, by MetBrs. Stephens and Solomon, haa been produced at the Olympic. Although Claude Dnval lends his name to the work, it is, how ever, more on tbe misfortunes of one Charles Lorrimore that the plot hinges than on the vicissitudes of the famous French highwayman, who quitted life bo ignominiously in the reign of Charles II. Thestory to which musioal illus tration is sought to be given runs as follows: — An adherent of the "Merrie monarch's" dis graced Chancellor, Lord Clarendon, named Charles Lorrimore, who is likewise a ruined out law, Bnd for whom a body of the king's troops are in search, in crossing Newmarket Heath alone, is seized by what at first appears to be a gang of gipBies, but who prove to be a band of highwaymen, and causing offence to Blood-red Bill, the deputy of the band, he is detained by him among their body. The chief of the depre datory party, entering at the right moment on horseback in his scarlet-and-gold coat and high wayman's hat, is recognised by the prisoner as his friend Sir Harry Villebois, and one in defence of whose life he had on a past ocoasion drawn bis sword. Beminded of the obligation, and under a pledge of confidence, the leader of the disreputable band discovers himself to his friend, explaining that his title of Sir Harry Villebois is an assumed one, while he is in reality no other than the notorious Claude Duval. At this juncture a carriage crossing the heath breaks down, and, being sur rounded by the highwaymen, its occupants are found to be a miserly and senile persouage, one Martin MoQrnder, his equally antiquated sister, Mistress Betty, and his daughter Constance, a young and charming girl, whose hand her father has promised in marriage to a dandified sexage narian, Sir Whiffle Whiffle. A surreptitious affection, however, already exists between Con stance and Charles Lorrimore, and the latter, taking advantage of the coincidence of their en counter among the highwaymen, arranges a pri vate meeting prior to the time fixed for her wed ding with Sir Whiffle Whiffle, when the former is to carry her off to foreign olimeB. Claude, by Mb engaging manners, has speedily reassured the alighted party of their safety, and ingra tiates himself so readily into their good graces that Constance, prior to her leaving, is permit ted to join the bold highwayman in a minuet, the subject of Frith's well-known picture being thus reproduced. Tbe minuet over, the coach is allowed to depart with its three oooupants, wbo have 'meanwhile been quietly relieved of much of their portable property. In tbe second act, after a scene between Constance and her at tendant maidens, tbe meeting of the lovers takes place on tbe village green of Milden Ma nor, but it is interrupted by the arrival of a body of the king's troops, who hare traced the outlaw. Anticipating their arrival, however, and conscious of their purpose, Claude Duval, who is opportunely on the spot, rapidly ex changes the black scarf with which he ordina rily invests himself for the blue one usually worn by Charles Lorrimore, and by this inge nious device Claude is arrested in place of Lor rimore, and taken off prisoner, tbe vigilant troops apparently overlooking the fact of the difference of nearly a foot in tbe height of the respective personages. The last act is laid in tbe great hall of Milden Manor, the residence of the miserly Martin MoGrnder, into which build ing, during certain festivities, and by elaborate disguise and much flattery to tbe sentimental Mistress Betty, Blood-red Bill, the lieutenant of Duval's band, bis found his way. By dint of much persuasion, and as a test of her confidence, be obtains from that lady the bey of a large oak chest which decorates the hall, and wherein he hopes to find abundant booty bearing the mark of the Goldsmiths' Company. He is disap pointed, however, in finding nothing in the chest but parchment documents. These, nevertheless, on being handed to Claude Duval, who has es caped from custody, prove to be the title-deeds of tbe property of which, it appears, Lorrimore has long been nnjustly deprived. Another useful document found among the number is a free pardon signed by the King, the name of the pardoned one having been obligingly left out. This omission Claude Duval rectifies by very generously inserting therein, not the name of himself, bnt of his friend Lorrimore—a pro ceeding whereby many obstacles are removed, and the union of Constance and her lover facili tated. . A London paper says .-—The airs betray but little originality, bnt Mr. S^>mpi)L*xs a com paratively young composer, anirtoo much is, of course, not to be expected from him. The melodies he gives us are tuneful and pleasing enough, and the music throughout is sufficiently gay and sparkling to carry the story through to tbe end. Its lack of individuality will probably prevent the work f-om taking the town by storm, Bnt if a want of true musical distinc tiveness marks the production, the plot is intel ligible, tbe chief parts are very competently filled, and the opera is admirably put on the stage. For Claude Duval it would be difficult to find a better exponent, vocally cr physically, than Mr. F. H. Oelli. The part of Oonstanoe finds a capable representative in Miss Marion Hood. 