DEATH OF OUIDA. The writings of Ouida (says Marcus Clarke in the Leader ) are familiar to everybody who reads anything of current literature, and the judgments passed on them is as varied as are the subjects treated. By some Mdlle. de la Ramèe, for such is the lady's real name, is regarded as tbe quintessence of all that is infamous, a Zola in petticoats, a female Paul de Kock, with a dash of the Marquis de Saade. By others she is considered a mere word painter, a perrenial spring of fine phrases and voluptuous imaginings, responsible for an infinite quantity of gush but powerless to harm because of her real ignorance of the dissolute in life. By a third party — and I am not sure but that their opinion is not the justest — she is held to be a woman of great sensibility, very rash and very unconventional, whose extravagant pictures of impossible heroes and preposterous poets are set side by side with the most eloquently worded descriptions of nature ; and whose un pleasant portraiture of the shameful side of civilised life is more than half atoned for by her strong sympathy for the weak, the suffering, and the poor. The customary scandal concerning the woman who dares to live her own life has been circulated about Mdlle. de la Ramèe. ' Society' journals have depicted her as masculine brusque and ill- bred, while the amiable anonymas who wrote for such periodicals have hinted at "a strange secret history" which they could relate did it so please them. It may be accepted as an axiom, that out of every ten stories told by men about women nine are lies, and I shall not repeat here the pregnant scandals which can be read in the columns of journals of European cir calation. All that Mdlle. de la Ramèe choose to be known concerning her life, is that she is the daughter of a French gentleman, has lived much abroad, likes dogs and horses, and prefers Bohemia to the land of the Philistines. For the rest, her books, written under the defiant sig nature of Ouida, or 'Yes! indeed !'' must speak. I think that Ouida's name first appeared in the United Service Magazine, but she soon became popular. Major Lawrence's school of muscular quietists was in the ascendant at the time. Guy Livingstone with his six feet of nervous magnificence, and Royston Keene, the "cool captain,"' who passed his life in one long struggle with his constitution, had replaced the more temperate friends of Major Whyte-Melville in public favor. But if the Dick Tressilians and Lionel Brancpeths of Major Lawrence were ex aggerations of the Digby Grands and Honorable Crashers of the author of the Lady and the Locusts, they were as ' moonlight onto sunlight,' as water unto wine, compared with Cecil Castlemaines, the ' Beauties of the Brigades,' and the beaux sabreurs of Ouida's gallery. The reckless half-savage life of the born Bo- hemain was hers. Driving fine horses, laughing with clever men, reaping noto riety, spending money, being miserable — what more could a Bohemian desire? And the wild note of the wild bird that never would stoop to wrist is hushed at last. Its note rang clear to the end, but how much beauty has it left unsung ? The tranquil homes of the Italian peasants were visited by that wild bird, but it never perched on an English homestead and sang the swept delight of peace which dwells on English ground. It is not for us to judge the song too harshly. Never, surely, feels a man so mean as when, with ready quill, he sits down to write out his little portion of comprehension of the ghost of some dead thing, which in life was a power and a name. We are so willing, we journalists, to earn our pence, even if we get them by swathing a mummy. Wordsworth has something about a man willing to Peep and botanise Above his mother's grave. And yet he did not know the modern journalist. Poor Ouida ! She is dead, and has paid all debts. Much that is foolish, much that is extravagant, little that is mean and cowardly, is buried in her grave. Let critics write of her what they will, they cannot refuse at least one of her works a place among the most notable of the time she lived in, and for her mingled moods of merriment and grief she may take to herself Swinburne's epitaph upon the sweetest singer of o'd France, Villion— our sad, bad, mad, glad brothers name. 