THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, 1881. Mr. Sargeant reports:-Rainfall for the week ending August Gth, 0"66 in.,makingthe total rainfall since the beginning of the year, 21"53 inches. Mr. Sargeant reports.--Rainfall for the week ending August 13th, 1"56 in., making the total rainfall since the beginning of the year, 23"09 inches. The following letterto Mr. Mason, M.L.A., has been forwarded to us by that gentle man for publication:--Sir,-I have the honor. by direction of the Postmaster General, to inform you that a Post Office will be opened at Drouin South (King Parrot Creek) in charge of .Mrs. A. M. Dempsey, on the lst prox. I have the honor to be, Sir, your obedient servant, T. W. JAcxsoN. The animated account of the exploits of "The Moo Ghost Exterminators," for which we have to thank our correspondent }s un avoidably held over till our next, issue. :In the mean time, we shall be obliged if, our correspondent will inform us if anything fresh transpires. The Rev. Mr. Howard has requested us to draw attention to the fact that he will hold'a Bible Class in the Wesleyan Church every Wednesday evening. He desires to earnestly invite the; young men of the locality to atteniid. A man named James' Richards was brought up at Warragul before Mr. Gar side, J.P., on Monday morning charged with being drunk and disorderly. ':The offence having been proved, Mr. Garside sentenced the offender to48 hours imprison. ment in Sale gaol. On Tuesday morning Constable. Egan .conveyed the prisoner to Sale, to undergo hissentence.. It does seem ridiculous that a prisoner should have to be taken such a distance to "do 48 hours," when by a very simple provision such an inconvenxent arrangement could be avoided. A very pleasant hour waspassed at Love's Hotel, Waterloo, on Tuesday by.the com pany assembled to do honor to the new Shire President's inaugural feast. After the edibles has been removed, the customary " fi" was operated uponeur. Bawdeon, the new President, commencing proceedings by proposing the usual loyal tost-" The Queen" which was hboiored with a. nani mos" God bless her."' Mr. Vary, the ex President, next. proposed,: in suitable terms "The President Cr. Bawden," which was duly honored, Mr. Bawdeu replied in the most sensible .speechl of the day which we therefore report verbatin. He said be thanked the company for the hearty manner in which the toast had been responded to, and-Mr. Vary for the `kind way in which. he had proposed it, " He thanked the Council for the confidence re posed in him, and hoped thatat the eorpra. tion of his term of office they would still have the same opinion. "The' Retiringl President, 'Mr. Vary, . "The 'Retiring Concillors," "The new Councillors,' "The Officers,. " The Press." and " The Ladies havipg been duly proposed: honored,sand responded to, the enjoyable gathering ter. sinated, •s u-e.bq inoe at th0ounel A deputation 'consisting of Messrs. Auch. terlonie, Stewart, Graham, Stevenon. Ellis ,umaresq, and others, proceeded to ;MTlobune on Tuesday night, to interview the Minister of Railways and urge upon him the desirability of taking the proposea Mirboo'Railway line up the valley of the Narracan Creek. The members of the depu. tations appointed by the Narracan Shire Council to wait on Ministers, respecting the drainage of the Moe Swamp, and the dir. mond drillrequired near Moo also proceeded to town by Tuesday evening's train. Since our last issue ourattention hasbeen directed to a paragraph which appeared in the "Herald" of the 10th inst., notifying that the Hon. Mr. Bent had reconsidered his decision in two appeal cases (to which we referred in our leading columns lost week) and had ordered that thol?ed should be divided between the parties. As far as we are aware no official confirmation of the "Herald's" ' report has as yet been received by the persons interested. J. M. GANNON returns his sincere and hearty thanks to the ladies and gentlemen wlho so kindly recorded their votes in his favor on Thursday last.-[Anv'.] 