THE TARARUA DISASTER. In connection with toe wreak of the steamer Tararua and the death by drowning of some of the New Zealand delegates to the Wesleyan Conference to be held here daring the present week special memorial eerrioes were held at the Pixie-street* Axahex-Utzeet, and Kent Xbwn Weelejan churches on Sunday, May 8. FXBIB-BZKBET OHUBCH. In the winfpmg a memorial service in eon* nection with the lon of the steamer Tarawa, and the death of the Wealeyan Conference representative* from New Zealand was held in the Pirie-atreet Wesleyan Church. There was a large congregation. The pulpit and organ and portion of the gallery were draped in black. The service -was conducted by the Eev. J. B. Btephenson, and a sermon wag preached by tbe £cv. J. Watsford, of Victoria, from the text—" Let your loins be girded about, and yoor lights burning, and ye yoonelvea like onto men that wait for their Lend when He will return from the wedding, that when Be oometh and knoeketh they "nay open unto Him immediately. Bleated are those servants whom the Lord when Be cometh shall find watching. Verily, I say unto yon, that He shall gird himself, and make them to sit down to meat, and will come forth and serve them" — Sk. Lake xii, 35 and 30. On the*e words the rev. gentleman baaed a very eloquent discourse. He remarked at the outset that God spoke to mankind in His word and by the various dispensations of His provi dence. Sometimes He was not heard, and we would not listen to what God would teach n?, and then God did with na just what He did with one fellow-men—•poke louder to as; and He had spoken very loudly to us during the last week with the terrible disaster to the Tararua, which had filled our hearts with sorrow. He spoke loudly to the members of that church, and to tbe members of the conterenoe, and to the people of South Australia, and was saying that tbe Master was coming. The rev. gentle man pointed out that amongst the many un certainties with which we were surrounded there was one certainty, and that was, sooner or later all most die. This being so it was the duty of all to be prepared for the great change, and the necessity for this preparation was all the greater when it was remembered that no one could rely on having time in which to prepare for death when they knew it was approaching. He exhorted those present to remember the text, and to at once plaoe them selves in resflinran to meet their lord at His coming. Beferriog to the loss of tbe Tararua, he briefly related tbe particulars of the wreck and its disastrous consequence*. He said there were on board five delegates to the eonferenee to be held in Ade laide. Two of these were laymen, and of them he knew nothing beyond that they were mem bers of the church, and he trusted they were men walking in the fear of the Holy Ghost. Two of the delegates were ministers of the church in New Zealand, one being the Eev. J. B. Kichaidson (President of tha New Zealand Conference), who three years ago was one of the delegates at the confereaoe held in Sydney. The other was the Sev. Jno. Armitage.who was editor of the2\Tev Zealand Wealtyan, and a minister of some seven years' standing. These brethren were greatly honored by those amongst whom they labored, and were useful instruments in tha salvation of goals. One of the ministers on board they most of them knew; he knew him well. The people of that ehiireh knew and loved the Eev. Joseph Weterhouse. He gave a few particulars concerning the life of the Eev. Mr. Waterhouse, which had been supplied by Mr. J. B. Watetkouse, up to the time he went to Fiji, where he was the fellow-laborer of tha speaker for a year or two. He said that a more devoted missionary than Mr. Water house never went forth in the name of God to preach the unsearchable riches of Christ among the Gentiles. He was often in perils among the heathen and in perils on the sea. His work in Fiji would never be forgotten, and many would rise up in the great day to thank God that he went forth to preach the glorious gospel of the blessed God. Returning from Fiji Mr. Waterhouse labored in Victoria-at Beechworth and Echuce—with much usefulness and great success. At the last oonforenoe he was appointed to the very ?Bportantoirouit ot Sandhurst, he being the chairman of the Sandhurst district. He apent only one Sunday in his new circuit, and on that occasion he (the speaker) was with him, preaching at the same churches for different services. In the morning Mr. "Waterbouse preached at the Golden-square Oburcb, and in the afternoon he addressed the Sunday-school on the words «Father and Mother," and be could imagine how he would speak to the children on those two magic words. In the evening Mr. Waterhouse preached at tbe Forest-street Caurch from the text, " Behold I stand at the door and knock." He (the speaker) knew the deep impression that was made on the minos of all who heard him by the scleniDity of his manner and tbe carnestoess of his appeal. On the Monday he saw Mr. Water bonse just before he left for New Zealand— compelled to leave his circuit in order to bring home his afflicted son, and twenty daj a afterwards he and his son, together with 120 more persons, found their graves beneath the eurgirg sea. He refcried to a practice of Mr. Vaterbouse's in connection with the religions training of his children, which he commended to fathers and mothers, and said that two or three days before tbe Tararua digester Mrs. Waterhouse received a letter from her husband, tbe doting sentence of which wat: —" Each day take one of tbe children into your room, and pray for them." He said it was no woeder under the circumstances that his devoted daughter, when she oeard of the wreak of the steamer, said —" surely my father, such a geed man, aiid such a tood father, is saved." Again referring to the last Sunday at Sandhurst, ' he (the speaker) preached at Forest-street church in the morning, where Mr. Waterhouse preached in the evening, and strange as it ap peared to him now, he preached that morning upon Paul's shipwreck. He spoke that morning of the influenoe of one good man anywhere, in a home, in a city, on a sinking ship, and he stated that the Lord said to Paul, * I have given thee all them that sail with thee," and they were all saved because Paul was there. He had been thinking many a time ainoe how to their dead brother ejjd his companions all on board that sinking steamer might have been given in a higher cense than the others were given to Paul We should probably know nothing till the great day of what took place on board tha steamer during the last few hours, but he k?6w that just as their dear brother Draper had preached Chiist with his latest breath to his staking brethren oa the London so would their brethren on the Texarut, tell of Jesus to those who were clinging to the wreck. On the last occasion that Mr. Waterhouee preached in Sandhurst they sang that good old hymn— •' God moves in a mysterious way Hia wonders to perform," and the whole of the words of this hymn, so applicable to the lamentable occurrence which had taken place, were quite right. God made no mistakes, and knew nothing about accidents. Their brethren were in His bands now, and they trusted, with a harvest of souls gathered from the ill-fated vessel, were before the throne of God in Heaven. He concluded with an earnest exhor tation to them to at once prepare themselves ts meet with joy their Saviour. During the service Mr. W. B. Chinner pUyed " The dead march in Saul" in a very effective manner. In the evening the Bey. D. O'Donnell preached, alie.making allusion to the mournful disaster which had occurred. The church was dens Jy crowded. 