DEATH OF EARL BEACONSFIELD. i (REUTER'S TELEGRAMS.) LONDON, APRIL 18- A bulletin issued by the physicians in attendance on the Earl of Beaconsfield to-night reports that a very serious re lapse has taken place in his lordship's condition, which is now extremely critical. LONDON, Apbil 19 (mobning). The Earl of Beaconsfield is dead. BIOGRAPHICAL NOTICE. The world will not be surprised, though it | will experience a feeling of profound emotion on learning of the death of the Earl of Beaconsfield, which took place at his residence, Mayfair, London, yesterday morning, at the4 age of seventy- six. The first intimation of his lordship's illness came to hand by cable under date 29th March, and from time to time since then the bulletins issued have alternately afforded hope of his ultimate recovery and expressed j fears of his .immediategdemise. The mes-' sage, published here on Monday last, inti mated that his lordship was regaining his strength, and that his recovery was almost assured. On that day, however, his lordship suffered a relapse, with the result now an- England, whose Constitution the deceased statesman has defended, and whose honour and credit he has been largely instru mental in conserving during the last forty years, will experience a shock which will penetrate throughout every fibre of the Empire, and the great loss she has sustained will be manifest by the sorrow of the people. | It must be felt that one of the most extra ordinary men that ever courted public favour in England has passed away, terminating one of the most remarkable and unprecedented careers to he found in the pages of English his tory. So exceptional, indeed, has been the ' career of the Earl of Beaconsfield, that it may safely be said, without fear of trenching upon the deserts of others, that history contains no equal example of indomitable perseverance and brilliant achievement. His life, from the outset, was one of the greatest industry and activity, and his political, as well as his literary achievements, are of such a high order as to entitle him to a foremost place . u M 1 « VV AWA T AHwn AVtH 4-AOW1AM diLUUlig llbtClObCUlO ttUU OKHiCOUICU. I The world is familiar with the fact that he I was by descent a Jew. His works abound | with instances of the pride he felt in belong- | ing to that ancient race, notwithstand ing the fact that he was baptised according I to the rites of the Christian Church when I quite a child. I Benjamin Disraeli, theEarl of Beaconsfield, I was the son of Isaac jHsraeli, and of Maria, daughter of Joshua Basevi, of Brighton, and was born at the south-west corner of Blooms- | bury square, facing Hart street, Lopdon, on | the 27fh of December, 1805. He was the second of four children. Sarah was the eldest, J and Ralph and James were his juniors. His sister accompanied her brother Benjamin in I his Eastern tours, and it is stated by one of | his biographers that there are distinct traces of her influence in " Alroy," one of his early works. She died in 1859, and her tomb may be seen in Willesden Cemetery, Paddington. James was presented through hiB brother's influence with a commissionershin in the I inland revenue, which he held until 1868, when he died rather suddenly. Ralph was appointed to the office of deputy clerk of Parliaments by his brother, which position he retains to the present time/ The first of the Disraelis who ap peared m England was Lord Beacon sfield's grandfather, Benjamin the first, who mi grated from the Venetian republic in the year 1748, in consequence of the persecution I | and intolerant rule which existed there. | He was eighteen years of age, and was at tracted to England, with others of his race, by the prospects of freedom and the many other inducements which were offered at that time, and he at once entered upon the mercantile pursuits which his people had successfully I followed in Venice. The first Benjamin is I said to have possessed great natural capacity I and industry, and having a sufficient com- I mand of capital, he prospered rapidly, and 1 possessed a large fortune when he reached | the age of five and thirty, and married. 1 Speaking of his grandfather, Lord Beacons- 1 field, in his preface to the " Curiosities of J Literature," says, "He was an Italian descendant from one of those Hebrew families whom the inquisition forced to I emigrate from the Spanish Peninsula at the end of the fifteenth century, and who found a refuge in the more tolerant territories of the Venetian Republic." In their new home they dropped their "Gothic sur-name" and "grateful to the God i of Jacob, who had sustained them through unprecedented trials, and guarded them through unheard-of perils, they as- fliimAd t.hanamenf Disraeli, a namfirifvpr hnrnp before or since by any other family, in order that their race might be for ever recognised." I He further states that the Disraelis belonged to the higher Jewish caste of the Sepbardim, and that they were related to the very best I Hebrew families. Lord Beaconsfield' s father, Isaac Disraeli, was wealthy, and a' genial, respectable man of letters, who occasionally wrote books, but spent the greater portion of his time either in society or in the seclusion of his library. His ambition was bounded by his library, his son's by the universe. Lord Beaconsfield was educated principally by private tutors, and being precocious, and Having progressed rapidly, he took advantage 1 of his father's position at an early age to J pbtain entree to good London society. He J was ready-tongued, witty, and good- 1 looking, and is said to have soon made 1 a prominent figure at one of the most ! fashionable salons in that day. In his early years, he was subject to a double influence — the literary quiet of his father's 1 house on the one hand, and the bust e f a brilliant society, including fhe emi nent and. the great of the earth, on the other. His surroundings at once suggested literary activity and political ambition, and it was, therefore, no surprise to his friends that he became an author so early. His appearance at this time was singularly handsome. " He had long raven locks, eyes bright with intel ligence and vivacity, a regular nose, and a complexion of ultra-romantic pillor." He was a dandy, and wore "velvet coats of strange cut, flashing rings, and interminable chains, tasselled canes, and such like extrava gances." "He was,' writes one of Mr. Disraeli's most caustic critics (J. C. Jeaffreson, 'Novels and Novelists,' ii. 228-9), ( an egregious dandy .... Foppery to an extreme of extra vagance was the mode with lads thirty years ago ; but he outstripped every one of his com petitors in personal adornment. At this day matrons of fashion often recall the graces, the separate trappings, and the entire appearance of Disraeli the Younger as he made his first essays in the great world — his ringlets, of silken black hair, his flashing eyes, his effemi nate air and lisping voice, his dress coats of black velvet lined with white satin, his white kid gloves, with his wrists surrounded by a long hanging fringe of black silk, and his ivory cane, of which the handle, inlaid with gold, was relieved by more black silk in the shape of a tassel." "Disraeli,' writes N. P. Willis ('Pencil- lings by the Way,') describing an evening at the Countess of Blessington's, ' had arrived before me, and sat in the deep window looking outjipon Hyde Park, with the last rays of daylight reflected from the gorgeous gold- flowers of a splendidly embroidered waist coat. Patent leather pumps, a white stick, with a black cord and Tassel, and a quantity of chains about his neck and pockets, served UiclixC 111111 cVvll XXX liilC UIHI XigJLllrj rdvucr a conspicuous object. . . . Disraeli has one of the most remarkable faces I ever saw. He is lividly pale, and but for the energy of his action and the strength of his lungs, would seem a victim to consumption. His eye is as black as Erebus, and has the most mocking and lying-in-wait sort of expression conceivable. His mouth is alive with a kind of working and impatient | nervousness, and when he has burst forth, as | he does constantly, with a particularly suc cessful cataract of expression, it assumes a curl of triumphant scorn that would be worthy of a Mephistopheles. His hair is as extraordinary as his taste in waistcoats. A 1' thick heavy mass of jet black ringlets falls over his left cheek almost to his collarless stock, while on the right temple it is parted . and put away with the smooth carefulness of j a girl's, and shines most unctuously — J ' With thy incomparable oil, Macassar !' t We have from this all?too-graphic writer, 1 and others, descriptions as to Mr. Disraeli's I mnrinpr nf PAnvursaHnn « t tliic cfooci nf liia career. " The conversation on the evening Mr. Willis celebrates turned on Beckford of Font- hill. 'Disraeli, 'continues the writer, 'was the only one at the table who knew him, and the style in which he gave a sketch of his habits and manners was worthy of himself. I might as well attempt to gather up the foam of the sea as to convey an idea of the extra ordinary language in which he clothed his j description. There were, at least, five words in ; every sentence that must have been very much astonishec at the use they were put to, and1- yet no others apparently could so well have conveyed his idea. He talked liked a race horse approaching the winning-post, every muscle in action, and the utmost energy of expression flung out in every burst. . . . I Victor Hugo, and bis extraordinary novels, came next under discussion; and Disraeli, who was fired with his own eloquence, started off, apropos des bottes , with a long story of an emnalement be had kpptj in TTrmpr Eevr>t. It was as good, and perhaps as authentic, as the description of the chow-chow- tow in Vivian Grey.' , . . The circumstan tiality of the account wfis equally|horrible ! and anpisipg. Then followed the sufferer's history, with a score of murders and bar barities, heaped together, like Martin's ' Feast of Belshazzar,' with a mixture of Horror and splendour that was unparalleled in my expe rience of. improvisation. No mystic priest of the Cory ban tes could have worked himself up into a finer frenzy of language. Count I d'Orsay kept up, through the whole of the j 1 conversation and narration, a running fire of j witty?, parentheses, half French and half I J English ; and with champagne in all the j pauses, the hours flew on very dashingly. J Lady Blessington left us towards midnight, j and then the conversation took a rather j j political turn, and something was said of I O'Connell. .Disraeli's lips were playing upon j the edge of a champagne glass, which he had j just drained, and off he shot again with a I description of an interview he had had with the agitator the dav before, ending in a story of an Irish dragoon who was killed in the Peninsula. His name was Sarsfield. His arm was shot off, and he was bleeding to death. When told that he could not live, he called for a large silver goblet, out of which he usually drank his claret. He held it to : the gushing artery and filled it to the brim with blood, looked at it for a moment, turned it out slowly upon the ground, muttering to himself, ' If that had been shed for old Ireland!' and expired. You can have no idea how thrillingly this little story was told. PftTlhlaTl/ lintirnTT/m tttV»a to o Tinlit.ifiJll \- «=» « ir satirist, could see nothing in a. man's decanting his claret' that was in the least sublime, and so Vivian Grey got into a passion, and for a while was silent.' " ' Many years years ago, upwards of twenty,' writes Mr. Madden, the biographer of the Countess of Blessington, I frequently met Mr. Disraeli at Lady Blessington's abode, in Seamore place. It needed no ghost from the grave, or rapping spirit from the invisible world, to predicate, even then, the success of the young Disraeli in public life. Though in general society he was habitually silent and reserved, he was closely observant. It re quired generally a subject of more than common interest to produce the fitting degree of enthusiasm to animate him, and to stimu late him into the exercise of his marvellous powers of conversation. When duly excited, j however, his command of language was truly 1 wonderful, his power of sarcasm unsurpassed ; the readiness of his wit, the quickness of his perception, the grasp of mind that enabled i i him to seize on all the parts of any subject ! ; under discussion, persons only would call in ! question who had never been in his company at the period I refer to." (" Life and Corres pondence of the Countess of Blessington," iii. 64: 5.) Lord Beaconsfield commenced his career ! by connecting himself with a new mornin newspaper, the Representative, the first number of which appeared on the morning of the 25th of January, 1826, a few days before the assembling of Parliament, but it died of inanition on the 29th of July follow ing, professing Tory principles, and strong opposition to the absorbing Catholic question of the day. He was not an immediate suc nocc o o o TAnmolief OA ITO fnwiml Irio o 4-t-n-n WO « JVJXM.AIWJJ.OI/, DV WW WUAAA&U; UIO tion to book- writing, and produced a remark able political novel, entitled " Vivian Grey," which was an enormous success. It was everywhere popular, because of -its satire and cynicism, and the wholesale manner in which, the author introduced the most prominent charabters of the time under flimsy and transparent covers. The motto of the book was " The world's mine oyster," and the principle which the hero followed was " a smile for a friend and a sneer for the world." In the following year he wrote a second part to the story, but it was less successful. In 1828 appeared " Popanilla," a satire upon the leading political topics of the day, from the same pen, followed in quick succession by j the novels of " The Young Duke" and " Contarini Fleming," a psychological ro mance. This latter work was written during J his travels on 4he Continent, and abounds with evidences of German studies. On returning from his travels he sought to enter political life, and offered him self as a candidate for High Wycombe, as a reformer, with credentials from Bulwer Lytton, Daniel O'Connell, and Joseph Hume. He was defeated, but not disheartened. He now published "The Wondrous Tale of I Alroy," and " The Rose of Iskander," along with a pamphlet, entitled "What Is He?" intended as an answer to a reference sup- 1 posed to have been made by a member of the I House of Commons concerning the hot- j headed young politician. It was in connec- j tion with this election that the now famous quarrel arose between O'Connell and young Disraeli. High Wycombe was represented ! by two members in Parliament who were | elected exclusively by the corporation and | burgesses of the town. The voting at the I close of the day was — Grey (son of the then 1 Prime Minister), 28 ; Disraeli, 12 ; majority, : 11. He next offered himself for Marylebone, : wherb a vacancy was anticipated, but it did ! j not occur, and on Parliament dissolving, he re-appeared at High Wycombe. On this, as j on the former occasion, in his election address, which appeared in The Times , he said he came forward " wearing the badge of no party, and the livery of no faction," but he did not desire to " escape an explicit A TTAWTn 1 " AT VllO AAlTHAVl £» U A nnATTTA QVU1T U1 VA JJiO « ly CbWWdl U1LU" I self in favour of vote by ballot, the abroga- I tion of the stamp duties, a remission of 1 taxation, so as to relieve industry from I those incumbrances which property was better fitted to endure, and retrench- j ment of the public expenditure. The 1 second contest ended like the first. He j next opposed Mr. Laboucbere, the Master of J the Mint in Lord Melbourne's Administration, for Taunton, as a Tory, but was again de- j feated. About this time, 1834, he published "The Revolutionary Epic," followed by a " Vindication of the English Constitution," addressed to Lord Lyndhurst, in 1835 ; and ; in a series of papers, after the manner of j " Junius," Lord Beaconsfield attacked the Administration of Lord Melbourne, as his predecessor had done that of the Duke of Grafton, but no good result followed. He published " Henrietta Temple, a love story," in 1836, and " Venetia" in 1837, in con nection with the latter of which works serions charges of plagiarism were made. He obtained a seat for Maidstone in the first Parliament elected by ballot im mediately after The accession of Queen Victoria, in 1837, and he made his memor able maiden speech in the House of Com mons on the 7th of December in that year. His speech was a failure, and he concluded with these words : — " I am not at all sur prised at the reception I have experienced. I have begun several times many things, and I have often succeeded at last. I will sit down | now, but the time will come when you tcill ! listen to me !" This prophecy has been j amply ruiniiea. ne graauaiiy maae nis way I in the debates of the House of Commons, and j on the defeat of the Whigs- in 1841, he j changed to the constituency of Shrewsbury, j for which place he was returned. One of the j most creditable speeches which he made j during his early career in the House, was on j Sergeant Talfourd's bill to amend the law relating to copyright, and being an author, he was entitled to speak freely and with a show of J authority on the subject. He spoke on two J or three occasions during his first session, j hut always with brevity, and he gradually I gained the ear of the House. He improved his extraordinary manner of delivery some what, and was, in consequence, almost in- J variably attentively listened to. He made a I good speech in opposition to Mr. Villiers's annual motion for a committee on the Corn Laws, and subsequently on the Bill for Reforming the Irish Corporations. Up to 1841, Mr. Disraeli had supported the Peel Administration, but during the debate on the sugar duties he abused Sir Robert as roundly as he had pre-; viously praised him, and bitterly attacked the policy of the Government. The Government were defeated on the division, as has already been stated, and they appealed to the I country to decide the question at issue. I Prior to this, however, an important change j had taken place. Mr. Wyndham Lewis, who was returned along With Mr. Disraeli for I Maidstone in 1888 died in the following year, and in August of 1839, his widow, who possessed a large fortune, married Mr. Disraeli J Henceforth he acted closely with the Conser vatives. He published " Coningsby " in 1844, in which he sought to explain, under the garb of fiction, the creed and doctrines of the Young England party, and he again essayed the task in " Sibyl, or the Two Nations," in the following year. Mr. Disraeli had ob tained credit for the manful stand he had taken up with regard to the question of toreign policy, particularly with regard to the Afghan : war and the Russian interference, in which he was supported by "Mr. Roebuck. In ! 1845 things were ripening for Mr. Disraeli, Parliament was opened on 22nd .Tfl.Tmn.ry, 1846\. The address in 'reply to the Queen's speech was proposed by Lord Francis Eger- ton, and seconded by Mr. Beckett Denison, both c nverted Protectionists ; and when they had concluded, Sir Robert Peel rose, and entered into lengthy explanations of the break-up and subsequent reassembling of his Cabinet in November and December of the previous year. After Sir Robert Peel had sat down, Lord John Russell got up, and gave his version of his futile attempts to form a Government. " When the noble lord con cluded,"" writes Mr. Disraeli, "the House, which during the evening had rarely been TOSJC fame Ti. " auu UiBJJUllCU. m J-ll seemed that the curtain was about to fall, and certainly not to the disadvantage of the Government. In their position, the first night of the session, passed in serenity, was comparatively a triumph. With the elements of opposition, however considerable, so inert and desponding, the first night might give the cue to the country. Perceiving this, a mem ber (Mr. Disraeli), who, though on the Tory benches, had been for two sessions in oppo sition to the Ministry, ventured to rise and attack the Minister." > « It was a bold and a successful attack, and had the effect of cheering on the Conserva tives, who renewed the charge which ultimately resulted in their advent to power. The leader of the party was Lord George Bentinck. Mr. Disraeli graduated into the position of one of the chiefs of the party, and when Par liament was dissolved in July, 1847, he i sought a new constituency. He left Shrews bury and was returned for Buckinghamshire, which constituency he has continued to represent up to the present day. On the death of Lord Georee Bentinck, Mr. Disraeli assumed the lead of the Conservative party in the House of Commons and the step to the Chancellorship of ;the Exchequer, under Lord Derby, was materially assisted by the disorganisation of parties, which occurred after the defeat of the Govern ment in 1852. He occupied the same posi tion in each of Lord Derby's three Adminis trations, and on the resignation of that nobleman in February, 1868, he was ap pointed Prime Minister of England by Her Majesty, which office he resigned at the end of the year. De introduced his first budget on the | 30th April, and the speech he delivered on the occasion was as bold and remarkable as any that was ever delivered in the House. The first Government of Lord Derby and Mr. Disraeli was succeeded by a coalition Minis try, which included Peelites and Whigs, the Earl of Aberdeen being Prime Minister, and Mr. Gladstone Chancellor of the Exchequer. This Government were defeated on a motion, I tabled by Mr. Roebuck, for a committee of I inquiry into the administration of the army, I and Lord Derby failing to form an adminis- J tration, Lord Palmerston succeeded o power, 1 nfw lYln ri am 1 aa Jam im 4Vi a I— I aiiaa At wibii uii uutuaiiuuc CkO icauci tu buc xjlsj udo ut Commons. In the succeeding Governments of Lord Derby, Mr. Disraeli occupied the leadership of the Commons, and a very important position altogether. Lord Derby resigned on the 25th of February, 1868, in consequence of serious indis position, and Mr. g Disraeli received a letter from the Queen, stating that he had been selected as the successor to the Pre miership. A curious incident was connected with this announcement of the Queen's inten tion. Her Majesty's secretary at that time was General Grey, whom we knew long ago as Colonel Grey, and as a candidate for the representation of High Wycombe. It was the successful rival of his youth that i was the bearer to Mr. Disraeli ot the letter . ! fl.riunnnr.ing his accession to the object of his | lifelong ambition. On 27th February, Mr. Disraeli kissed hands on his appointment, and two days afterwards he signalised his accession to office by appointing Lord Cairns as successor in the Chancellorship to Lord Chelmsford. Lord Chelmsford had been, it will be remembered, a bitter and obstinate enemy of the emancipation of the Jews; and an impression was left that the new Premier had not dismissed his old and venerable col league with as much courtesy a3 might have been expected. On 5th March, Mr. Disraeli took his seat in the House of Commons for the first time as Premier. He made a very short speech, and there was nothing particu larly definite in what he said. He could only state that his policy would be one of peace, but not of peace at any price ; that it would be a liberal policy — a "truly liberal" policy. He didiiot long enjoy the position. On bdlng defeated shortly afterwards on a reso lution tabled by Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Dis raeli dissolved the House, but was beaten and succeeded by Mr. Gladstone. On the Liberal Government being defeated on the Irish University Bill by a majority of three (12th March, 1873), Mr. Gladstone tendered his resignation to Her Majesty, and the Queen, haviDg accepted it, sent for Mr,.\ Disraeli, who, however, declined to tk© v office under the circumstances. Mr. Gladstone accordingly re- constructed his Cabinet, and remained in office till the commencement of the following year, when, most unexpectedly after the Parliament had been summoned to ; meet for the despatch of business, he rashly resolved - on an appeal to the nation. The returns of the general election — the first which occurred under the system of ballot — was completed, on 27th February, 1874, and I showed a total of 351 Conservatives and 302 Liberals, inclusive of the Home Rulers, whose allegiance to the Liberal cause was by no means to be relied on. Of course, Mr. Glad stone, without daring to meet Parliament, at once resigned, and Mr. Disraeli succeeding him in the Premiership, formed his Cabinet early in March. Mr: Disraeli was elevated to the peerage by the title of the Earl of Beacons field, 16th August, 1876. Together with the office of First Lord of the Treasury, he held that of Lord President of the Council from August, 1876, till February, 1878. His policy, which was severely criticised at the time with regard to the Eastern Question resulted in the assembling of the Congress of Berlin, at which the Earl of Beaconsfield and the Marquis of Salisbury assisted as th© plenipotentiaries of Great Britain. It is interesting to know that Lord Beaconsfield. went to Berlin at the earnest solicitation of Lqjrd Salisbury, who felt that the Prime Minister, " speaking, as lie alone was able to do, with the full mandate of the JEhghsh people, would prodnce an effect on "th® nego tiations and the action of the audi Hr- ' 'V:' ' 1 : : as no other man could have produced." The Congress held its final sitting on 13th July, 1878, when the Treaty of Berlin was signed by all the plenipotentiaries. Lords Beacons- field and Salisbury, on returning to London on the 16th, were met with a most enthusiastic reception at Charing Cross, and were enabled to announce that they had brought back " peace with honour." On the 22nd July Lord Beacons field was invested by the Queen with the Order of the Garter. A few months previously the same honour had been offered to him, but, with Her Majesty's permission, it was then declined. The policy of the Government, which bronght about the Treaty of Berlin, and the signing of the Anglo -Turkish Convention and the occupation of Cyprus, led to much discussion in Parlia ment. The Marquis of Hartington moved in the House of Commons a resolution directed against that policy, and after a debate of four .nights, the action of the Government was supported by the overwhelming majority 148, there being 195 votes for the resolu- i..u against it (2nd August, 1878). / day after this decisive political victory h%d been achieved, the Earl of Beaconsfield and the Marquis of Salisbury were presented with the freedom of the city of London, and subsequently entertained at a grand banquet at the Mansion-house. Lord Beaconsfield was an honorary D.C.L. of Oxford and Edin- burgh, a Privy Councillor, a trustee of tho British Museum, a governor of "Wellington College, an Elder Brother of the Trinity House, a trustee of the National Portrait Gallery, and a deputy-lieutenant for Bucks ; 1 and was a Royal Commissioner of the Great Exhibition of 1851. He was installed Lord Sector of the University of Glasgow 19th November, 1873, and re-elected to that office in November, 1871. In acknowledgment of her husband's official services, Mrs. Disraeli was raised to the peerage of the United Kingdom as Viscountess Beaconsfield 28th November, 1868. She died 15th December, 1872, aged eighty- three. At the general election in 1880, Lord Beaconsfield was beaten in the constituencies, and gave place to Mr. Gladstone. Shortly, after his retirement from office, he published fllfl Ififcof mAcf ctovflirirt cL'oiviiug ui Alio puiiuuai novels under the title of " Endymion," which has only just been reviewed in the Press. The facts of the preceding notice have been culled and collected from a variety of autho rities, including T. P. O'ConnelFs Biography, and the last edition of 'iMen of the Time." 