THE V.K.C. WINTER STEEPLECHASE MEETING. The first of tho annual stecplccbaao meetings, inaugurated by the committee of the V.R.C., look placq on Saturday, under circumstances the most favorable tlint could be desired. The heavy rain of tbo previous day caused fears to be enter- tained that a postponement -would bo necessary, but Saturday morning broko gloriously fine, .as a niee fresh breeze was blowing tho ground dried rapidly, and tho going at Flemington was everything that could bo desired, and a more perfect day for a steeplechase meeting could not bo imagined. At about noon tho first train left Spcnccrstrcct, and subsequent ones were despatched at intervals up to two p.m., at which hour nearly 12,000 persons were present in tho reserves and on tbo fiat. His Ex cellency the Governor, accomDanied by Lord Charles Scott nnd several officers of the Bacchante drove to tho course, arriving just bo- fore the first race and remaining till the Selling Hurdle Race bad been decided. The arrange ments on tho course were of 'tlie usual admirable character, and the new secretary, Mr. H. Uyron Mooijc, worked assiduously and with marked suc cess to mnko tho first meeting held under his administration go smoothly. Though there was a slight delay in skirting some of tbo races, tho last event wus over by a quarter to five, and there urns no difficulty in reaching town bofore dark. The jumping of all the horses engaged was tho finest cross-country exhibition tbat has ever been seen at Flemington ; and the cry for the reduction in height of tbo fences d»d not seem to bo at all justified, though a very bene ficial alteration hna been made in cutting tbo tops of the posts level with the fences, and thus obviating tho chance of a borsounjuring himself by striking the posts. . Punctual to time the bell rang for tbo first race, or the Maiden Hurdle Race, by which name it was designated, for which the cards displayed fourteen natnes, of which Rhesus, Evenligbt, i Noonday, Arbutus, Don Pedro and Billy hutts 'wore wanting, reducing tbo fi.eld to eight \ startors. Of these Tho .Star was matte first 4 favorite at 5 to 4, whereas the representative of tho great BaUarat stable, Handy Andy, came 'mext at 7 to 4, theso being tho only horses really fin demand. A few sopported Mulatto at o to 1, land the immediate followers of Lotuair, invited by the long odds, made an occasional Investment /on his clianco. In point of condition little can bo said of any but tho actual winner, whose form it was perhaps almost impossible to improve. Ho iwas bard, and big all over, clean iinsidc, as tbo race went to show ; land to his superior condition may the easy victory he claimed be ascribed. The htar liad all the appearance of a hurried preparation. Loth air was far too light, Mulatto and Albjm being fairly well. Handy Andy is own brother to Prosidont, thus upholding the renown lame has 'won for bequeathing jumping horses to posterity. Throughout it wns a most interesting race, Handy Andy Tying nway until coming tto the last turn, jwlien lie got up inside and leu into the straight, .twinning rather easily, Mulatto running an ox- i collcnt race for second place. Scarcely so puue- i tual was tho Muidon Steeplechase six iioraes i coming to tho post, Collingwooil and Great \Vcs- tern being rondo tho favorites at a very short prico, whereas long odds wcro ranged against tho others. Again wus tho race between the favorites, tho pair running in closo proximity all through thorace, Great Western coming away at the turn home and scoring a clever win. Littlo Fuirlio was a struggling third, being thoroughly overmatched witli weight ; and Actress, who halkod once, gained fourth honors. Corngan having won tho two first events hardened his third mount in the hotting, even money Being ' the reply to any one who asked the price of Sir Peter. Next in request was Young Alfred at 4 to i: and Jack Tar, who began to be fancied very much towards the finish. Discount also hold his way in the market ; and Cumberland, who was running for the fielders, as tho public wcro doubtful of his staying, also began to grow into demand. The uncertainty nttending the fato of Young Alfred, whose case had been brought before the stewards, nnd by the way was per mitted to run under protest, caused him to be in some measure neglected, thfere being a feeling of insecurity amongst tlioso who felt inclined to hack him. When tho lot woro stripped for saddling tho palm for condition was .iwurdjd to Sir fetor, anil after him to Jack Tar and Cumberland, with Dliur- .ringhilo. Sir Poter liowover looking a long way the best. The race was an exquisite one. For a long timo Rhesus and Dhurringile held the front places, though Sir fetor and Cumberland' were never far behind them, anil tho two last named camo away in tho last mile, and for tho remainder of the journey had tho race to them selves. At tho last hurdle Sir Peter held tho ad; vantage, but galloped into the hurdles, being headed by Cumberland. But a vigorous finisji on the part of Corrigan, brought the favorite up, and landed Iiiin a winner by a head only, and this was effected almost in the last stride. Young Alfred had rather a rough nnd decidedly common 1 appearance at the post. His party, however, de- iclarod him to bo a wontier, and not for ono linomcnt doubted his ability to win. Corri- Ignn had now won three races, and for ono istablo, and, what is equally worthy of remark, Ibytho same sire, Panic. Consequently, on his return to scale, he was greeted with tho most en thusiastic cheering, this popular jockey being tiniversully esteemed. In duo time tho Grand National Steeplechase wns called on, Corrigan's mount, which wns Twilight, being in general de- 'manil, and so great wns the desiro to get on that the bookmakers refused to lay moro than 5 to 4 against her chance. Gazelle came next at 3 to 1 mui at another point was Sussex. Beyond tlieio three nothing was asked for. Seven horses came to tho post— Himalaya, Intrepid, King of Tritmp3, Great Western and Prince Alfred drop ping out. Early in tho fray Taxaraxaeum and Victor declined tho contest, nover getting beyond sl.A a-af fnnpn and in front of tho stand, tho first time round, Abdallah enme down, which reduced the race to four horses. Twilight forced the running, with Lucy and Gazello next, nnd Sussex close up, Twilight lookingall ovor a winner to' tho turn into the straight, when tho long stride of the son of Grandmaster nnd Cameo began tci tell, and passing the game littlo mure, ho won very cleverly by threo lengths from Twilight, two lengths from whom was Lucy, who ran a good lionost race. Gazello was running well up to tlio last fence entering the straight, wiion she foil. Iti point of condition nothing looked so fit as Twilight, and Gazelle was nearly as well. Sussex was in excellent fettle, as tho race proved him to . he, being, ns was necessury in so largo an animal, well famished nil over. He wns most patiently and judiciously ridden by Batty, one of our ablest riders across country, nnd in his hands hud full justice done him. Sussex is by the im ported horse Grandmaster, out of Cameo by Elms- dale, her dam Catclilly hy Oatnel. Grandmaster is hy Gladestein out of Celerimn by Stock- nell. Thus it will bo seen tlmt lie is a beaufifully-brod horse, and carrying 18 at. 1 lb. an lie did, well deserves tho victory recorded in his favor. Ho is tiie property of Mr. F. 0. Goydor, and was bred hy JIr. W. J. Dunging of Now South Wales, and trained by R. Rowe, at Caulficid. Eight horses camo to tho post tq contest tho Selling Race, Zephyr and Pre sident. being made tho favorites ; Nirarod and Monitor also being backed for considerable sums, tho result ending in favor of President, with Alhyii second and Union Jack third, Monitor bcingfintcrfercd with at tho turn past the stand, ' where a dog flew out at him and tried to seizo him By the nose, which caused Monitor to stumBlo and throw his rider, Barlow, who had tho misfortune to Break his log ill two places. Tliisi is the result of bringing dogs to n_ race course, which, I hopo will bo recognised in tho future by a liberal number of baits bora" laid about the flat, for it is better to poison a thousand dogs than sacrifice the life of a jockey .g There was sotno competition for tho winner, Pre sident, who brought no less a sum than 310 guineas, and considering ho was entered to' ho sold for 30 sovs., the club had no reason to complain of tbo portion which fell to tboir lot. A large field, numbering no less than eighteen- horses, came to the post for the Flat Race of one mile. Of these P. G. was made tho favorite, Tho Ghost, Bur Ono and Attach)! also having supporters. It was a vory pretty race and won hy Woodlands, who onee again showed some brilliant pace, winnin" in 1 inin. 43 sec., with Respite second, and Attache, who got a bad start, third, Tho Ghost being fourth. As regards the time of this raco ono might ask how it was obtained, as the horses liad got fully threo hundred yards before the bell sounded. Yet we huvo been told that the new mode of taking the time cannot err, and we have always been Jed to suppose that the communi cation with tho hell and tho chronograph was simultaneous. This was a fust race, and a fitting conclusion to an excellent day's sport, the de tails of which are given below Maidzx Huhdle Kacb. a swocpstako o£ '5 sovs. each, 2 ft., with 150 added, for all horses who have never won un advertised hurdle race or steeplechase. Horses wbteh have never started in a hurdle raec allowed 7 lb. ITiio second horse to receive 25 sovs., und the third lOlsovs., out oi tho stake. 1 Threo yrs. old to carry 0 St. 7 lb.; 4 its., 10 st. 5 lb.; 5 yrs., 0 yrs., and aged, 10 st. 12 lb. About 2 miles. M. Loiiglilin's b|g Handy Andy, 0 yrs., by Panic, 10 st. 12 lb (T. Corrigan) X J. Jl'Otade's li e Mulatto, 3 yrs., 0 St. 7 lb... (Ryan) 2 K. Howie's b c Lothair, 3 yrs., 0 st. 7 lb. . . (Moscall) 3 J. M'Donuld's lir h Aibyn, 5 yrs., 10 st. 12 lb. (F. liill) O J. Whitehead's big Slar, aged, 10 st. .12 lb. . .(Batt.v) 0 G. Glasscock's blk g. Landlord, 4 yrs., 10 St. 5 lb. (Mr. Glasscock) 0 M. Neylon's b,g Vaii Tromp, 4 yrs., 10 St. 5 lb. (Carlov) 0 R. Grifliths's br g New Zealand, 10 st. 12 lb. J (Burke) 0 . Betting : C to 4 against Star, 7 to 4 Handy Audy, S to 1 Mulatto, 10 to 1 the others. Van Tromp was tliu first to make play, and negotiated the first obstacle, followed bv New Zealand, Ilaudy Andy, Lothair, Mulatto, Albyu, Star and Landlord, In that ordcr. aud so they ran to the turn, where Handy Andy and Ijothafr improved their positions and caine into tbo straight together in tho lead ; thero, however,. Loth.drfl rider was unable to bold him, and he as- , sumod a strong lead from Handy Andy, Van Tromp . and Mulatto, Landlord coming next, Star and Albyu bringing up tho rear. Going round tho turn and river sido Lothair, still pulling bard, maintained his advan tage, no other change occurring except that Aibyn came out uf the ruck and obtained secoud placo. At the abattoirs tbo Ballarat horse still hold tho com mand. but, bungling at a hurdle, he lost a couple of lengths, Ifandy Andy thereby getting to the front, closely pressed by Van Tromp and Star, Landlord and New Zealand showing bnmistakable signs oi hating liad cuoughof It. Handy Andy led into the straight, and though Mulatto, who had passed Lothair, momen tarily made the semblance of a finish, as sood as Corri gan moved it was oil ovor. Handy Andy winning some what easily by a couple of lengths, Luthalr a length behind Mulatto, Aibyn and Star fourth and fifth. Time, 3 min. 59 sec. Maide.v Stkei'i-sciiase, a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, 2 ft., with 150 added, for 4 yis. old and upwards which have never won a Bteeplechase. Horses which have never startod in a steeplechase allowed 10 lb. The second horso to receive 25 sovs., and tho third 10 sovs., out of the stake, Four yrs. old, 10 St. 9 lb.; 5 yrs., 11 st. 8 lb.; 0 yrs. and oged, 11 sL 12 lb. About two miles and a quarter. Robertson and Wagner's bg Great Western, 0 yrs., by I'anic, list. 12 lb ; ....(Corrigan) 1 R. Howie's bg Colltugwood, 5 yrs., .11 sL 8 lb. " 7. (J. Scobie) 2 E. Weekes's gg Falrlie, 4 yrs., lost. 9 in... (Elliot) 3 W. M'Mtllaii's cli g l'roteus, 4 yrs., 10 St. 9 lb. 7 ...........(M'Leod) 0 Q. Watson's b g Swis9 Boy, aged, 11 st. 12 lb. 7 ......(Mr. T. Watson) 0 H. Hurrah's eh m Actress, 0 yrs., 11 st. 10 lb. (II. Watson) 0 Betting : 5 to 4 against Great Western, 0 to 4 Colliiigwood. As soon as the lot were sent axvav Pro teus was first to show, but before many yards had been traversed Actress hod deprived him of Ids placo and led over tho fluff fence, Proteus, Colllugwood, Fairlie, Croat Western, and Swiss Boy following as written. No material alteration took placo until the third fenco was reached, when Actress stopped, and at tho succeeding ono Proteus followed suit, both, however, getting over at tho Bccond at tempt, hut had lost so much ground that they were never more in tho race. This left Col- lingwood at the head of affairs, Croat Western being immediately behind him, Fairlie next and Swiss Boy several lengths awuy fourth. Tho fences In frout of the sheds wero all well taken by the quartette, and, ns tho river side was reached, the pace increased, Colllngwood and Great Western, side hy side, being some six or seveiTlciigths in advance of Fairlie, Swiss Boy apparently outpaced. From this out it was simply a match hetweeu the two lcadors, and although Falrlio ouco decreased his distance considerably, be was unnblc to got on terms with either Great Western or Colllngwood, tho former winning by two lengths, Fairlio twelvo lengths away third, and Swiss Boy a long way behind. Time, 5 mill. 32 sec. Oraxii National IIuf.dls Race, a handicap sweep- stnkcs of 10 sovs. each, h. ft., with 300 added. Tho second homo to receive 60 sovs., and the third 25 sovs. out of the stake. About tlirco miles. M. Loughliu's b li Sir Peter, 4 yrs., 11 St. 4 lb., by ' Panic— Sweetie (Corrigan) 1 A. Saqul's b g Cumberland, 5 yrs., 9 St.- G lb. ...7: (A.M«lnnIs) 2 J. Winter's b li Dburrlngile, 4 yrs., 10 st. 3 lb. (F. Hoywood) 3 D. 8. Wallace's b x Discount, 0 yrs., 9 st. 2 Jb. 7 — .... .(P. Iley wood) 0 T. Haghten's b g Rhesus, 0 yrs., 9 st. 8 lb. ... 77. .7 (W. Endorson) 0 W. T. Cox's b g Young Alfred, 0 yrs., 9 sLltn A. O'Connor's bl g Cyclops, aged, 9 St. 6 lb. .(Harden) 0 J. M'Orade's b c Mulatto, 3 yrs., 9 St. 10 lb. (Ryan) J S. Justin's b g Spectrum, 6 yrs., 9aL..»..(Griflln) 0 W. Todd's g g Roebuck, C yrs., 8 st. 7 lb. ' : (Fcnmson) 0 H. Harvey's b g Dutchman, aped, 0 st 10 lb. (Keating) 0 J. n. AJdrid<;e's b m Fictitious, aged, 8 st 9 lb. . (Musgrove) 0 A, Salman's b h Jack Tar, aged, 10 st 5 lb. (F. Hill) fell Retting : 6 to 4 against Sir Peter, 4 to 1 ngalnst Young Alfred, 0 to X against Discount and Jack Tar, 7 to 1 against Cumberland, 10 to 1 against thb others. Sir. Watson despatched his field to a good start, i oung Alfred and Rhesus being the first away. Approaching tho owning obstacle Khcsus drew out and led over it, "waited upon by Young Alfred, Discount and Dnur- ringilc, tno rest in a cluster, headed by Spectrum, the favorite occupying a position almost In tbo centre. The next hurdle Vas cleared without any noticeable chango, but before reaching tho succeeding ono Spec trum had run up into third place. Rhesus still led past tlio stand and round tho turn, where Cumber land, who hod been In the ruck, nmdo a rapid run to the front, and going ulong the river side hod deprived Rhesus of his advantage. Hero Jack Tar catno down, and at the hurdle opposite the Railway-bridge Roebuck also fell. Spectrum now made a run and headed Cumberland aud Uhesus, and as the iVarrnaiubool horse was going strongly, lie soon bad placed a gap of four lengths be tween himself and the field. He maintained his posi tion as far as tho abattoirs, but ruimiug round lost whatever chance lie liad. Sir l'eter had been gra dually working his way up to the icadora, and as tho turn wa9 reached he was on terms with Cumberland, Dhurringile aud Discoaut next, Mulatto also very handy. Hearing the last hurdle Sir Peter was in tront, but striking heavily he lost fully two longths, Cumberland seeming now to havo the raco in hand, but Corrigan's call was gamely responded to, aud amidst great excitement he landed Sir Peter " a head ' winner, Dhurringile third. Discount, Rhesus, Mulatto and Cyclops finishing in that order,' Young Alfred and Fictitfous-being'the absolute last. Time, & min. 42£ sec. Grand. Nation aii Steeplf.cuase, a handicap sweep stakes of 15 sovs. each, 5 ft., with 400 added. The second horso to receive 60 sovs. and the third 25 sovs. out of the stake. About three miles, over such course and jumps as the stewards shall direct. F. C. Goyder's b h Sussex, 0 yrs., by Grandmaster — Cameo. 13 st. 1 lb (Batty) 1 £1. Ltoughiin's b m Twilight, aged, 11 st. 4 lb a (Corrigan) 2' E. Weekos's bt orbr «n Lucy, aged, 9 st. 11 lb. . . : (EUiott) 3 W. L. Addis's g g Abdallah, aged, 9 st. 13 lb. (F. Hill) 0 T. Armstrong's b g Victor, aged, 9 st. 9 lb.. (Carey) 0 J. Moran's br in Gazelle, agod, 9 st. 3 lb. . . . .(Graco) 0 G. H. Head's bl g Taxaraxaeum, aged, Q st (H. Watsou) 0 Betting : Even on Twilight, 3 to)l against Sussex and Gazelle, 8 to 1 ugainst Abdullah. As suon as the flag foil Sussex rushed to the front, but before going round the turn Ratty hud steadied him, nnd Tuxumxucuni carried on the running to the first fence, at which he ran off, Victor following his example, thus extinguish ing their chances. The rest of the field got safely ovor in the following order Twilight, Sussex, Lucy, Abdallah and Gazelle. At the back of tlio course Lucv had obtained the premiership, and maintained 'her position to the Abattoirs, where Twilight again assumed command, Gazelle running up into third place. No change occurred as they swept into the straight, the fences being taken in grand stylo by all save Abdullah, who struck at the palings, and parted with his rider. Twilight still led, closely followed by Lucy, Gazello aud siusaex, the puce In creasing as they ran Ulong the river side and back of the course, where SU'ssex beg.au to make a forward movement. No mistake was made until tho lost foneo was reached, at which Gazelle blundered and struck, unseating her rider. Sussex had a slight advantage as ther turned iuto the straight, and, Ratty keeping him going, won a slashing race by throe lengths from Twilight, Lucy, a similar distance away, third ; Gazelle, some distance behind, was fourth. Time, 7 min. 2 sec. Sf.MaINO IIurdlb Racr, a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, 1 ft., with 100 added. Weights as in Maidon Hurdle Race. Winner to be sold for 60 sovs.; 7 lb. allowed for every £10 reduction in selling price down to £10. Two miles. K. Jolleti's b or br g President, .aged (£30), by Panic, 0 st. 12 lb., (JcIIctt) 1 Y M«n/.n..lil'aln fi Allivn r. ura /PS m O OF. 19 11, (F. Hill) 2 F. Long's ch li Union Jack, aged (£10), 8 st. 12 lb. (Wilson) 3 J. Griffin's b g Pioneer, aged £40, 8 st. 12 lb. (Griffin) 0 J. Slinson's ch ni Zephyr, 0 yrs. (£10), 10 lb. (Batty) 0 E. Gouirh s b g Monitor, 4 yrs. (£10), 8 st. 6 lb. (Barlow) 0 J. Griffin's ch m Marie, 4 yrs.' (£20), Sst. 10 lb. < (KUduff) 0 T. Jones's br g Nirurod, aged (£10), 8 st. 12 lb. (King) O Betting : 5 to 2 against Zephyr, 3 to 1 against Nirarod and President, 5 to 1 tho others. Tlio lot got away on even terms, nnd when fairly settled into their strides Monitor, Union Jack and Marie wero tho most conspicuous in tho van, Nimrod being at tho head of the others, who wcro in a bunch, of which Pioneer was last. Tlio first hurdle was safely surmounted by all, and so they reached tho straight, where Union Jack had a bare advantage of Nimrod ; Monitor and Mario closely treading their heels, Presi dent, Zephyr and Aibyn following in this order. No change took place as they rounded tho turn, whore Monitor threw Harlow, unfortunately breaking his leg. Along the river aide Zephyr mado a forward move, nnd President also bcgau to creep up to the leaders, tho pace at this time getting very fast. Union Jack still led passing the abattoirs, Mario und Aibyn having supplanted Nimrod, who was falling back. Marie fell at tho hurdto coming into tho straight, which left Union Jack In command, with President nnd Zephvr in immediate attendance. Once in tho straight, JcUctt's horso soon assumed the lead, which he maintained to tho end ; but a fine rash on tho part df Aibyn enabled President to catch the judge's eye by ouly a length ; Union Jack was third, Zephyr and Nimrod fourth and fifth, and Pioneer, who puilcd up very lame, a long way behind. Timo, 3 min. 63 sec. Flat Race, a handicap of 5 sovs. each, 2 ft., with 150 uddod. For thrce-yeurolds and upwards. Lowest weight to bo not less than 7 st. One mile; T. Jones's br h Woodlands, 0 yrs., by Marlbyrnong, 9 st. 51b .(King) 1 A. Davies's b c Respite, 3 yrs., 0 st. 2 lb (Bralthwaitc) 2 J. Whittiugham'a ch g Attach, 4 yrs., 8 st. 0 ib. (Murphy) 3 A. R. Inglis's b e Bruno, 3 yrs., 7 st. 10 lb. (Ivomy) 0 J. Whit&iugham;'s ch i Cora, 3 yrs., 7 st. 2 lb. (Sims) 0 J. Thompson's ro or ch c Tho Ghost, 3 yrs., 7 st. g lb. (Williamson) 0 H. Chlfney's b g P.O.. 4 yrs., S st. 6 lb. .. (M'Innes) 0 J. Leek's ch h Uclladrum, 4 yrs., 8 st. 13 lb. (O'firlcu) 0 D. s. Wallace's br h Napper Tandy, 6 yrs., 8 st. 10 lb (Power) 0 D. Macpheraou's br h Robbie Burns, 0 yre.,9st. 3 lb (Heywood) 0 H. Haines's br g Camballo, 0 yrs., 9 st. 7 Ib (Williams) 0 II. Yeond's b or br h Blue Ribbon, 4 yrs., S st. 10 lb (Walker) 0 J. G. Reed's b g Bar Ono, aged, 7 st. 11 Ib. (Crackucll) 0 J. Patorson's ch g Wizard, 3 yrs., 8st. 01b. (Hughes) 0 A. Smith's br f Minnow, 3 yrs., 7 st. 2 lb. (Raphael) 0 W. S. Uox's b g Conservative, 6 yrs,, 7 st (Cox) 0 Betting : 3 to 1 against P.G., 4 to 1 against Attach and WocKllands, 6 to 1 Tlio Ghost. Directly tho flag was dropped Conservative and Tlio Ghost rushed away to tho front, and had soon placed some four leugths between themselves and tho rest of the field. Coming round the turn, Woodlands, Respite, Hobble Bums nnd Camballo were making their way to tho front rank. Attaehd, was also seen to bo gaining on the leaders. Half-way up tho straight Tho Ghost had resigned In favor of Woodlands, who, with Respite and Attachd, liad the finish to themselves, the brown son of Maribyrn'ong beating Respite by a length, Attochd, a simitar distance away, third, The Ghost fourth', followed by Bclladrum, Nnp>er Tandy, Bar One, Wizard and Bluo Ribbon. Time, 1 min. 43 sec. 