Flotsam and Jetsam. Freemasonry Defined. THE following appeared in the Freemasons' Monthly Magazine : — I have joined the Masonic fraternity, Mr. Editor. I am a free and accepted son, or brother, or whatever it is, of that mysterious organisation. I have belonged to many secret societies in my time—l have been an Orangeman, and a son of Temperance, and a Fenian, and, if I remember aright, I once be longed to a gang of coiners—but this Masonic arrangement, this institution of the compass and square, distances them all. I have often wondered what sort of a thing a mason was—in what respects he differed from an ordinary being. Again and again have I pumped persons who I thought knew what was what, with a view of finding out something regarding those queer men, but it was no go. Mum was the word ; those who could tell wouldn't, and those who would couldn't; but further informa tion I was to go and fiud out. I had a vague idea of my own that a mason was a sort of supernatural being; a regular ring. titled roarer, with horns and hoofs to match, who would come down the chimney or get through the key-hole, and disappear like a flishof light nining—a ohap that would knock blazes out of a follow with a wink of his eye, and of whom the devil himself was afraid. There is one singular thing oonneoted with masonry of which you are perhaps not aware, and that is, a mason never dies. Occasionally it is given out that a brother has departed thus life, and the fraternity is respectfully summoned to do honour to his remains ; but it is all a sham, a big swindle, gotten up to throw dust in the eyes of the uninitiated. The coma is stuffed full of bricks, and deposited with due solemnity in the cemetery, while the brothers and friends are blubbering their eyes out over the gxave of the dear departed, and the departed is enjoying him felf in the back room of some hotel, preparatory to leaving for parts unknown. It k a fact, Mr. Editor, masons never die. They may change their appearance and move off to other spheres, but, as for dying, they can't do it It is supposed that, after they have trans acted wickedness enough on this earth, they are transformed into comets and meteors, and go wandering through space, kioking up shines and railing the devil generally. And a great many people auppose that the last meteoric display was nothing more nor less than a free fight between some rival lodges that have crossed each other's path—the different coloured lights betokening the different degrees they had acquired in the leak Freemasonry Is of an ancient date, as proved by the fact that during the wet season Noah used to hold meetings in the corner of the ark. He was obliged to give it up, however, owing to the curiosity of Mrs. Noah, who, notwithstanding the fact that her husband placed a big pair of lions Md a big crocodile at the door as outside guard, ■ma pretty near finding out the secret, and starting a female lodge on her own hook. I most tell you the perils and trials I had to undergo to become a mason. On the evening in question I presented myself at the door of the lodge-room, No. 66,666, signs of the skull and oroas-bones. I was conducted to the ante-room where five or six melancholy chaps in sashes and embroidered napkins were waiting to receive me. On my entrance they all got up and turned a back somersault, and then quietly resumed their ■eats. A big fat fellow, who sat in the middle, and who seemed to be the proprietor, then said, M Sinner from the outward world, advance." I advanced. "Will you give up everything to join us ?" " Not if I know it," said I. " There's my wife and fourteen fine " (Another party here told me that it waa a mere matter of form.) The fellows in the towels then groaned, and said, "'Tis well." "Do you swear never to reveal anything you may see or hear this evening, not to your wife ?" I said, " 'Pon my word, I will not" They then examined my teeth and felt my muscles, and made me put out my tongue, and then groaned again. I said, "If you don't feel well, I have got a little bottle here that" . Here the fat man took the bottle from me, and told me to shut up. He then, in a Toioe of thunder, said, " Bring forth the goat" Another fellow then came forth to blindfold me. " No, you don't, Mr. Mason," I said ; "no trick on travellers, if you please. I don't believe in playing blindman's buff with a goat I'll ride the devil if you like, but I don't go it blind. Statid back, or I'll knock you into smithereens." They were too much for me, however, and I had to submit to be blindfolded. The goat was then led in, and I could hear him making an awful racket among the furniture. I began to feel that I was urgently wanted at home, but I was in for it and could not help myself. Three or four fellows then seized me, and with a demon* iacal laugh pitched me on the animal's back, telling me at the same time to look out for squalls. I have been in a good many scrapes, Mr. Editor. I've been in an election fight, I've been pitched out of a four-story window, I have gone down in a railroad collision, and up in a steamboat ex* plosion, but this great excursion was ahead of them aIL The confounded thing must be all wings and horns. It bumped me against the tables and the stove and the ceiling, but I hung on like a Trojan. It turned front somersaults, and rolled over till I thought it was all over with me. I was just on the point of giving up when the bandage fell from mine eyes, and the goat bounded through the window with a yell like a Catnanche Indian giving up the ghost. I was in a lodge of masons. They were dancing a war dance around a Bkull, and playing leapfrog and turning handsprings, and the big fat fellow of the ante-room was standing on his head in the corner finishing the contents of my little bottle. Order was soon restored, and I was led up to a desk and told to stand at my ease. The chief engineer of the establishment then put bis thumb to his nose, and, stretching his fingers in the shape of a fan towards me, commanded silence. The rest of the brethren did likewise, and were silent The governor then addressed me :— 14 Brother Knobb, you are now one of us. You are now a member of an institution that has lasted over ten millions of years. From this time hence your constitution is souud. You are impervious to light or beat, or any other atmospheric influence. You are water-proof, fire.proof, and over-proof. With impunity you may walk through the lake, or sit on a red-hot Btove; with impunity drink aquafortis, rye whisky, Wahoo bitters, or any other poisonous Bubstanoe. You are free from rheumatism, dyspepsia, whooping-cough, and the measles. The sheriff dare not seize you for debt nor the policeman for misdemeanour. You are one of us, and you are safe. Heie is the password ; with that and a big olub you can get into any lodge in Christendom." I then Btood the whisky and water all the way round, and I was a free, and accepted mason. 