Wmtxzl fitm. Bazvab at Maccwesfield iNsirrcrrE.— 4. bazaar ss announced in aid of the Institute building fund at Macslcsfiuld for Octobur 4th and following days. Goolwa. — From an advertisment pIbp. where it will be seen that Mr C. E. Barton, carpenter and builder, has purchased the long established business of his brother as coachpainter, wheelwright, &c.;,anxi he hopes to secure a large patronage by careful and prompt attention to business. . Bboken TmGns — Two little fellows have unfortunately had their legs broken in this neighbourhood sices our lasr fs.-uo. A little lad named L. Kaggetr was rushed by a cow at iir. Cheritou's monthly sale on Thursday 3;»3*, and got bis left leg broken above tbe knee. The doctor wa3 away at Milang at the time, so the little sufferer !ia-3 to wait several hours befaro tho leg could bo sat ; but we are g:ad to boar that be is uosv doiiig as well aa can be wiabed. Another lad named Ladatsr unfortunately got a tumble at tho football match on Saturday last between the Milang and titrathalbyn juuiors, by which his leg was broken. Obhuaby. — Some gloom was thrown over the township when tbe news was received in Strathalbyn that Mrs. Henderson, the eldcbt daughter of our esteemed townsman, Mr. J. Cheriton, J.P., had passed away from this valu of tears after a lingering illness. The remains were brought to Strathalbyn and interred in the cemetery on Monday last, when a large number of friends showed their sympathy with those b^rosvad by attending the funeral. The ArvELAips Exhibition still continues daily to draw its thousands, of visitor*, on Monday last no lc-3S than upwards --f 1 5,0^0 persons baring spent a portion of their uolid&y; id '-his way. The exhibits ba-»Vbeen considerably added to, an3 some pleasant hours m&y; bo spent in examining the various samples of fbrtign and cuionia! manufactures. The'inusicftl cntertftiuaiuni afierr.ooa tuia evening also prove very attractive, ^uu we notice th.-n rhuse having biiea so ?.?revdoil, a plsitfocir. h*s- ht'Oii i!::;tt;;il i\\-r ti'.c *v;ii.,ruicra in -i moie roomy position r.f :Lt td-ding, o?er the -wesf. uiid of the tcvjiiopr. Strain alhyn a'id the Scusberu to.vnships ;tre coc triuuticg a good nuiulrer of visit-jrs, sfcv«3rsil coach Ica2s a, day. Itmviug ibis Suwu.; We notice that Mr. J. W. Elliott, oi Straihalbyn, was announced to give a pianoforte ami 'organ recital in the art sraiwty j-tRkr-iay afty oo -n, oc Mcsarti. Ma. .iia;' % S-.n1; ??::b;r'iis & frjfui £!'iViJ i-.'!-!i ?£;!?- !ty ??? *-'.: ?& i.1 !.,a'.iv a v'onnoiaSiKir organ imuufaciu^i by tiio JSmiih Organ Cjinjwy. Received.— The usual illustrated and other periodicals have come to hand. The Sketcher has a nice picture of the Torrena Dam, and Punch has a good cartoon on Mr. FraseHfl cheap postage (?) motion. The Bulletin, Coma, Once Week, ana other papers are also to hand, and are up to their usual standard. * The Strathalbyn Bifle Matches commence to-day at the butts, and pro mise to be very interesting. From an adver tisement elsewhere it viU be seen that a grand concert, concluding with nigger farces as successfully played on Monday last, will be given at the Institute, on behalf of the Eifle Association funds, and we hope there will be a large attendance'. Exhibition Catawmjub. — We have recei ved from the publisher, Mr. G. H, Cargeeg. of Adelaide, a eopy of the second edition of hie official catalogue of the Adelaide Exhi bition. This edition is necessarily more complete than the first one issued, and will be very useful to visitors. The catalogue of the 'Victorian Cro*s Gallery will be espe cially valuable to those inspecting those pictures, every one being minutely detailed. A capital article on advertising is inserted also, which all interested persona should carefully peruse. American Pumjoatioiis. -We have re ceived from Mr. John Hogan, the Adelaide Agent, a sample number of several American nublications, viz., 'The Amorican Mail and fccport Journal' 'Mwical ana Dramatic Courier,' 'The Miller's Journal/' 'Paper Trades Journal,' and 'American Stationer'* \--any of which our readers may Bee on ap plication to this office. A novelty in printing lias been achieved by the publisher, Howard tockwood, of New York, which destrves especial mention. He forwards a miniature copy of the 'American Mail and Trades Journal.' reproduced by electro-typing, a wonderful specimen of scientific printing. The original is 9 x 12 inches, and the copy before is 3f x 4j inches, about 160 pages tbick and the reading aud illustrations, though reduced so small, are a perfect and legible fan simile of ;the original. To give an Mea of the size of the reading, a line of the type this notice is| printed in would more than cover three in depth of tha miniature copy before us. Dramatic Cltjb Entertainment. — On Wednesday, the 27 th ult., the Mount Barker Amateur Dramatic Club gave their first Bntertaiument in the Institute Hall to a large and appreciative audience. The pro grsmmecommenced with a recital — ' Sentence of death on the high seftB,'by MrF Chapman this is rather a long piece for a novice in the ' ut of elocution to attempt, and needs consider able declamatory powers to make effective ; ? however it was very well received by the ' audience, but it might have been improved in -?''. ijpjaces where the reciter became rather . 'i ? indistinct from a too rapid utterance, a fault ' 'which many beginners make in reciting. ' Then followed one of Douglas Jerold's comic dramas, entitled— ' The Smoked Miser.' There arc six characters in the cast, besides villagers, etc. ' Sorew * (the miser) wa-- represented by Mr H S Cope, who acted the part exceedingly well and bis make up was excellent. The character of ' Nail' (a friend ' of '£crew'B) waB effectively Tendered by Mr J W Ramsay ; and Mr J K Thomproi as ' Spiderlimb ' a half-starved servant of ' Screws ' caused a considerable amount of mirth from his shockingly hungry look and his great anxiety lest anything should occur to prevent his allaying hie appetite, which the ^ ' present of poultry to his master eeemed .' to hold out a hope -of his being able to do. Mr J T Turner, as Dick Daring, a lover of old Screw's ward, wa« painstaking and well up in his text ; Messrs F Chapman aud Mr J Skipper creditably filled the other parts. *;'A recital by Mir U K Thompson brought the first p»rt of the entertainment to a close. . . The second part was commenced by Mr H ?Cope reciting lngoldsby's humorous descrip tive poem — 'The Queen's Coronation.' It is to be regretted lie was not better up in the text, as he was obliged to leave out a great part of it; it was not much to be wondered at that his memory should fail him in tiiis piece, as he was asked to do too much : timing the evening. What he did give he gave admirably, and well deserved the ap plause which he received. The next on the programme was a Farce— 'The Spectre Bridegroom .' Mr J Milne as the bridegroom looked the character to perfection, and his ^ghost-like appearance west hither and ihfther, to the great consternation of Squire Aldvinkle, (Mr J B Thompson,) aad Dickory (Mr H Cope). The other characters ? were well Ailed by Messrs G Milne, F Chap man, aud Mr J Skipper. This Farce was as full of absurdities at snch plays usually are, and it is always expected that the more fool ery the more fun, aud so in this instance the audience were kept in good humour from beginning to end, indeed they seemed bo well pleased that after the curtain went down ~' they still kept their seats as if expecting something more ; their illusion was soon dis pellei by the stage-manager announcing that they had come to the end of their pro gramme. The entertainment as a whole was a very good one, and the second appearance of the Dramatic Club will be looked forward to^with great pleasure. — M. Barker Courier. The WoocsroE Gold-mining Company have not yet fully begun operations, pending the arrival of their mauager from Melbourne, but acting under the direction of the resident . director, Mr. James Johnston, the men iu charge have sunk a crosscut 40 feet to the southward of Mitchell's old shaft, with the gratifying result that the conforming reef lias been struck running north and couth, and' trending towards the claims of the New Woodride Company. The cap of the reef * was come on at about five feet from the * surface, the stone -being similar to that of r. the large reef in Avery's ground. A email * prospect of rough reef gold was washed out * ' from the casing, which is a whit* pipeclay. On -Monday the prospecting shaft had been ? euafc to a depth of about ten to twelve feet, and the reef was widening and showing it self to be more settled. A strong leader is seen to Le coming iu from the westward nmningalmost parallel with Mitchell's reef, which lies about 38 feet to the northward. ' The . new leader is composed of exactly .similar ferruginous quartz to that in whioh Mr. Mitchell found his rich specimens. In his spare time one of the men lately amused himself by trying a panful or two from the alluvial, a few feet lower down the hill than the old sbop, and in a short time washed out a curiously- shaped nugget of rough gold about an iuch in length, together with a very fair proapeet of good rough gold. Some gentlemen who visited the place on Saturday and Monday were also successful in getting good prospects from the alluvial between the shaft and the creek ia nearly every dish washed. We have been shown a pretty sample of fairly heavy alluvial gold *got by the same gentlemen in tbe immediate neighbourhood from a couple of shovelfulls ? of' dirt, and are informed that a landowner on the liee of reef running from the Wood eide Company's ground, and through the -claim of the New Woodeide Company, has obtained a pretty specimen of gold ia quartz OB iiis property — Advertiser, Why is the new world like a piano ? Be cause it is fall of sharps and flats. 