CHILDREN'S INQUIRY COLUMN. JOHN".—Will vou kindly give me your opinion of 1 Cor. i. 30 ? Iu the word®,'• But of Ilim are yc in Christ Jesus, Who was made unto us wisdom from God, and righteousness, aud sanctiiication, and redemption" (Revised Version), it seems tome that Paul intended to rouse believers to their high privilege, aud to point out. the perfection of God's plan in saving humanity. Christ Jesus c-tiue to earth that Ho might live and die for our salvation; Ii«s work being the exorcssion of Divine wisdom, euiisted ou our behalf. Believing iu Him, we receive a full, free pardon for our sins from God, aud are treated as if Clirist's righteousness had beeu ours; aud when the old habits re-assert their sway, we prove His sanctificatiou in that life-power which slowly conquers evil in our hearts, and brings us at last iuto the complete likeness to Christ, which is the result of our redemption by Him. ESIJIIE —In reading me 20th chapter of John, I cannot understand the words, " Whosoever sins ye remit, they are remitted uuto them; and whosoever sins ye retain, they are retained." Will you please explain them ? Our Saviour had just given the Holy Ghost in an especial maimer to His Apostles, and chose these words as an encouragement to them in their future service. They were a promise of His support in their actions, seeing they were now peculiarly fitted for the work' before them, which was—to proclaim the terras ou which human beings may be forgiven—Luke xxiv. 47\. This they did. (See Acts iv. 10—12; v. 29—32; xvi. 31; Ileb. v. ix ; 2 Peter i. 1—4; I John ii. 12; Jude xxi.) Paul received a similar commission (Acts xxvi. Iti); and fulfilled it (Acts xiii. 38), also in his epistles ; as in l£ph. i. 7, That the disciples never attempted to forgive sin oil their own responsibility is evident from their precept aud example, for even Peter told Simon the Sorcercr to " Eepent, aud pray God, if perhaps the thought of thine heart may be forgiven thee"—Acts viii. 22. YOUSGSTEE.—IS dancing wrong for Christians, and if so why 'i The question • an only ha decided by eich individual If tiie amusemcMt interferes with your own enjoyment of religion, or hinder.; your influence for Christ, it is wrong fur you: only y"ii musi t>o ''fully assured iu your own mind" as io your right course, or you will do harm where you with to do good. "Whatsoever ye do, in word or in d<.'.ed; do all in Uie :uua& .oi' the Lowi• Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through Him.— Col. iii. 17; lljtn. xii..l.: I. Cor. vi. 20; viii. 9, may also help you. This column is intended to assist young people iu their study of the Bible, aud to help tliem in their Christian life, .so that tlu-v may love Curiat happily, as well as usefully. All letters in connection with it should be addressed to Tnalia Curtis," Colonist Office, Leigh-street, Adelaide. 