A LONDON GHOST AT NOONDAY. We (" Pall Mall Gazette"') have received the following extraordinary narrative from a correspondent for whSap' goftdtaith and professional acuteness j)r observation .we can vouch. Lie sab&tantiates; .bis storv withtull details of dates, names, and places, winch, however, forthe saku of the survivors, lie ioe- not wish to be puSlisheu. Without any futth-r preface we JaWHS-lettebefore our readers : Assnyw'iife-amHI .were/sitting at breakfast with a guest -whom 1 will call ijr — then on a visit for.. the first rime to our house ami neighborh >od— our m.aijefvant passed out ot the room on 'fer wayjroTthe- kitchen As she close ."thA.-door' Mr A., startled me by saying, ' I saw a spirit.of a. man following tout- aotnan, who, as lie passed, said distinctly in. my hearing, God judgeth not as man juTgeth ' - 1 was innocent of the murder for wh ch I have been, hanged. I was there but I did not strike the-blow.' " " What is he like ?" I asked. He replied by describing a young Irish an whom I recog nised as the nusband of tny domestic, who a year or tw betoie had oeeD executed, on the charge of ninrder. Mr A., a complete etronr frt HlP hurl HHlV Mint mn for the first time two days before, nnd he whs totally ignorant of the crime in which my servant was so deeply interested For ub- viptis reasons the subject was never alluded to in our househ .Id, witere the widow was I regarded with fe-lines of sympathy, which i led us to avoidastnucha-poibie all-reference to her husband's fate. I ha i previously good reason to doubt w -etner the evidmice'against him justified his execution He had died protesting his innocence. His wife and friends were firo.ly con inced that, ittt bough he had been in the fignt,. it was not by his hand the fatal blow had bf-en dealt. In ad dition to this, I had good reason io believe that the real murderer wa - still at iurge. You can easily imagine aty astonishment when Mr A. thus suddemy ventuie i upon forbidden ground, and abruptly ti ciared that the spirit of a man who had sutfere i the capital penany, and whose personal appearance .-xactly coin cided with that of the untoMU:.iie Irishman,! was actually foil- wing the s.-rvaut about ihe j house proclaiming his ium-cence in accents i which, although inaudible t-> me, my guest i declared were perfecMy au tible to him- 1 1 had heard that Mr A. had oeeii <i seer " but I was not a little startled at this strlki g ' illustration or ms peeuuar tacuit- - L re- i marked that it was very str ange. uDd lnformeo ' him that the wotuau whom he had just <-e > i for the first time, with hergliustiy companion I was really the Widow 0f an t X' cuted felon i Some time aft- rwttrds he exclaimed — Titer'1 1 he is agai.., re, -eating toe s one words ! Iu teiise-y interested by tins suri en aui ap parently supernatural confirmation of my suspicions, 1 determined to put tile Sec-rship ot my guest to what I regarded as a crucial test. I told All A. that shortly afterwards 1 was going into tue lown, and as I should be passing the spot whore th- murder was committed pent, ids hi- gho-tly visitant- might indicate the spot where the dead man lay. Some time afterwards we stuted tor ihe town. When we teftfi the house Mr a re marked, " There h - is fol owing us," alluding to the "spirit.' When we had proceeded part of the way- along the 'oa i. wuich w;.s quite unknown to m> friend, I made a long detour to make a business cali and went along another street, Mr a. following me. Just as, without a worn on my part, we were turning out of the maiu road, Mr A said—" The spirit is standing at the corner. He says we are not going the right way towards the place where the murder was committed, and which he has promised to point out to me " I replied, " Oh, we shall come out n the main road agau by and by -before we reach the spot' We proceeued on ab ut a quarter of a mile, and having one my tnisimss and struck the maiu road again — which differed, I may remark, from noae of the other roads we nave traversed — -lr A. soon afier de clared, " There is that man jast on there, waiting for us." As we continued our walk, I purposely refrained from uttering a word, or even from thinking, as far as I could, about the muruer, so as to prevent any possibility of my companion obtaining any clue. As we were passing through one of the lowest- parts of the town Mr A . suddenly exclaimed — " He tells me that it was here the murder was committed. Ic was just there (pointing to the place in the road where the murdered man fell). I see the hubbub an : contusion rise up before me as a picture, with the people round. He, however, again tel s me that he did not strike the fatal blow jje does not excuse hitnsel: from being morally guiity, as being mixed up witn those who accomnlished the death of the man, but str ngly maintains that he was not the murderer.'" I will only add ia relation to the last incident that Mr A. described the exact spot where the murder was committed, and the circumstances there with. How can you account for that ? Mr A. had never been in the town before ; he had never lived within a couple of hundred miles of it ; he did not know till within a day or two before he arrived that he would ever visit it : he could not by any possibility have known that the poor woman in my employ was the widow of the man who was hanged. He had no conceivable interest in deceiving me, nor was he concerned to prosecute the matter any further. I hare in vain attempted to account for his story, nor can 1 on any of popular hypothesis explain to my own satis faction how he saw that ghost at noonday. 