VISIT OF THE ARCHBISHOP OF MELBOURNE TO THE GIPPS LAND DISTRICT. The Archbishop of Melbourne, accompanied by the Very Rev. Archpriest O'Meara, commenced his pastoral visitation to the Gipps- land district on Thursday last. His Grace first visited Drouin, on the railway line, where he was received by Father Hegarty, the administrator of this Gippsland district. The Archbishop proceeded immediately to the church, where he administered the Sacrament of Confirmation to seventy-five applicants, who had been previously instructed and prepared by Father Hegerty. His Grace then proceeded to Sale, and next morning made the visitation to Bairnsdale. After, the visita- tion of the church, the Archbishop confirmed sixty-two children and some adults. The Archbishop returned next day to Sale, and on the following day (Sunday) confirmed 180 in the Sale church. On Monday morning, his Grace left Sale for Cowwarr and Walhalla. At the former place 26 children were confirmed, and at Walhalla 93\. At Sale, people were surprised that the Archbishop, at, his advanced age, would undertake such a perilous journey as that to Walhalla, where,the road passes over lofty mountains on the verge of deep precipices, and through dense forest, many of which were blazing with fires. As his Grace approached Walhalla he was met by a deputation of gentlemen on horses, who came to welcome him to that disrict, and to conduct him to the town in safety. On his arrival in Wal- halla, all the Catholics of the town turned out to meet the Archbishop, and loudly cheered him as he passed along. His Grace proceeded immediately to the church, where he addressed the congregation, and said that there never was a time when the faith and morals of Catholics were so exposed to danger as at present ; that teaching the knowledge of God was, by act of 'Parliament, prohibited in the schools ; that constantly the faith of the rising generation was exposed to great danger. His Grace said that he was so impressed with the danger to which their faith was exposed that he, at great inconvenience undertook a long and perilous journey in order to administer to them, in this remote district, that sacrament which gave the martyrs such strength and fortitude when summoned by the pagan tyrants to deny the religious teaching of Jesus Christ. His Grace then explained that the Sacrament of Confirmation would confer upon them the Seven Gifts of the Holy Ghost. After confirmation hymns of the Blessed Virgin were sung by the children, also "Faith of our Fathers." The children, before and after confirmation, walked in procession through the main street at Walhalla, bearing handsome banners and other religious emblems. On Tuesday morning the Archbishop left Walhalla at 10 o'clock. All the Catholics of the township assembled in front of the hotel, loudly cheering his Grace as he took his departure, and wishing him a safe journey, the children who had been confirmed casting flowers into his Grace's carriage. Tuesday, 1st March, will be a red letter day in the annals of Walhalla. Too much praise cannot be given to the priests of this district, Fathers Hegarty and O'Donoghue, for the very efficient manner in which the children were instructed the Christian doctrine, and to Messrs. Costello, Gillisinan, etc., for the tasteful manner in which the church was decorated with ferns and flowers. His Grace the Archbishop and the Archpriest returned to Melbourne on Wednesday. At the venerable age of 70 years the Archbishop travelled from Thursday to Wednesday, over nearly 500 miles (through dense bush and dangerous passes), confirming 480 persons, young and old, during his tour visiting several churches and chapels. The Archbishop complimented Fathers Hegarty and O'Donoghue on the neatness and cleanliness of their respective churches. 