TARALGA. (From our Correspondent.) THANKSGIVING SERVICE. -- According to announce- ment the harvest thanksgiving service was held on Thursday last, at noon, in the English Church. The sacred edifice was beautifully decorated with fruits, bunches of wheat, and other grain, &c.;, and was filled to excess with an attentive congregation. Prayers were read by the Rev. W. M. Martyn; and an excellent discourse was delivered by the Ven Archdeacon Puddicombe, founded on Jere- miah, v. 24. During the service several appropri- ate hymns were sung by the choir in a very credit- able manner, accompanied by Mrs. Martyn on the organ. The collection, amounting to £2 12s, was made on behalf of the parsonage building fund. After service the people repaired to a capacious booth, erected on the church ground, for refresh- ments, where about 200 in three courses sat down to an excellent repast, provided by Mesdames Martyn, Burcher, Taylor, Charteris, Pearce, Munn, and a bachelor's table, to which ample justice was done by an appreciative company of old and young sets and parties. Foundation Stone. - About 3 o'clock a procession was formed in the church ground consisting of St. Luke's Sunday-school, accompanied by clergy and friends, and marched hence to the parsonage ground to witness the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new parsonage. In the absence of a band the young people sang most heartily the Sun- day-school marching hymn. On arriving at the ground the ceremony of laying the stone was pre- ceded by singing the 412th hymn, reading portions of the Holy Scriptures, and prayer, in which the Ven. Archdeacon Puddicombe, Revs. W. M. Martyn and Dunlop (from Binda) took part, the singing being accompanied by Mrs. Martyn on the har- monium. Mr. George Whiteman sen., church warden, then called upon Mrs. Martyn to lay the stone, accompanied with a few suitable remarks. Mrs. Martyn steps into the entrenchment and skil- fully spreads the mortar, the ponderous stone being lowered into position by the builder, she gave it some heavy blows with a mason's hammer, declar- ing it to be truly laid, " In the Name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and in the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ, I lay this corner stone of St. Luke's Parsonage, Taralga, for the welfare of the Church and habitation of the clergyman who shall be licensed from time to time to minister in the parish of Taralga." Prior to the stone being placed in position the Rev. W. Martyn placed in a cavity below the bed of the stone, a sealed bottle containing a copy of the previous day's Goulburn Herald and a paper, a copy of which was read by Mr. Martyn, as follows: -- "To the glory of God, our Saviour, this corner stone of St. Luke's Parson- age was laid by Mrs. Martyn, wife of the first resi- dent Incumbent, on the 17th day of March, in the year of our Lord, 1881, and in the forty-fourth reign of her Majesty Queen Victoria, Lord Augus- tus Loftus being Governor of the colony; the Right Rev. Mesac Thomas, D.D., being Bishop of the Diocese of Goulburn; Rev. Wm. Matthew Martyn, incumbent of the parish of Taralga; and M. Pearce, G. Whiteman and H. Blay being church wardens of St. Luke's." The Rev. Canon Soares of Goulburn supplied the plans, while Mr. E. C. Manfred, architect, has had the supervision of the works; Mr. Gideon Crampstone being contractor for the works. Suitable and interesting speeches were delivered by the Ven. Archdeacon, and the Revs. Dunlop and Osborne (Presbyterian) expressive of sympathy with Mr. Martyn in the noble work he had undertaken, and calling upon the friends pre- sent to manifest the interest they felt in the under- taking by placing their contributions on the stone, an invitation promptly responded to in sums, varying from the wealthy man's £25 down to the boy's shilling, amounting to the noble sum of £86 16s 9d, added to which the offertory - £2 12s - and proceeds of tea, the total proceeds are expected to be a little over £100. This is a very good beginning, and hopes are entertained of a successful completion. Mr. Martyn here gave a financial statement, accompanied by an enthusiastic and confident speech expressive of his belief in its success, trusting in God his Saviour, whom he served. From the statement he made we glean the following particulars: - The ground (20 acres, occupying a beautiful site on the north west corner of the township) has already been paid for at the rate of £8 per acres ; the parsonage is estimated to cost about £800, of which £500 is promised and a goodly portion of it in hand. Mr. Martyn very properly explained that they were not building a house for him, but for the church, whose property it would be; and that he was giving £50 out of his own pocket towards the object. This explana- tion was quite necessary and opportune, as I have met with persons who have declined contributing to an expensive house he was building for himself. From what I know of Mr. Martyn, I should judge him to be the last man in Taralga that would ask any man for a sixpence to build a house for him. He is giving nobly out of his own pocket, and working hard to get a suitable house built for the church; he deserves the success of all who wish the welfare of the district. It is gratifying to witness that all sections of the community are supporting Mr. Martyn in this noble enterprise. March 21st. 