SATISFACTION. Br JANET CAEBOLL. And Z will place within them, ON a guide, My umpire conscience. MILTOH'B " PARADISE LOST." THE little oottage, called, by courtesy, "The Parsonage," in Bolunda, is wrapped in utter darkness, save a bright grleam of lamp light that illumined the tiny, ourtalned window of the minister's room. The tittle township is at rest, all the day1 a noise and broil are put, and every tired head is on its pillow. Even the noisy jingling hotels are olosed-no light anywhere out this glaring square, whioh, by its brightness, makes the dark night darker. Humphrey Gray, the minister, sits thongh it is past midnight-at his writing desk, his head supported on his hands, an open diary before him. As he reads and turns the leaves slowly, the gravity of his always grave faoe becomes more settled, more sombre* By-and-bye Humphrey Gray lifts a lined, drawn faoe, wearily closes the book, and in a few minutes Bolunda is all dark. So fassed the young minister's last night in lolnnda. To-morrow he leaves for a distant oongregatlon, and the brawny, toil-hardened miners, &B; they passed the Parsonage in the early morning on their way to work, wished him God-speed in their hearts. He was part and paroel of the plaoe, they said; Bolunda wouldn't be Bolunda without him. They didn't care for preaohin' chaps, as a rule, but Mr. Gray was different. Bo they tramped along, indignantly anathematising the powers that controlled, and which had ordered Mr. Gray's removal. He had been with them seven rears; he had seen Bolunda grow from its Snfanoy of tent and shanty to its present imposing maturity of cottage and hotel, and every rough-bearded faoe in the plaoe was familar to him. He was loved by the poor for his ceal and ldndneas. Over the mining portion of his congregation his influenoe was very great, and, though he did not effect sudden and magic conversions, a few well-timed words I from luin had often reformed the most | inveterate drunkard. Tho rich sought his society anxiously, for there was a strango mixture of prido and humility in his character) his manner and bearing wore thoso of a perfect gentleman, and in a domo* cratic community like that of Bolunda good breeding is quickly seen and justly appro* ciated. Mr. Gray was accompanied on his journey by Fred Hathaway, a young overecer who wished to look up tho interior grazing grounds for intending purchase. When they readied tho top of the hill which overlooked the little miniug township, Humphrey Gray turnod his | horse's head and stood some moments thoughtfully surveying it. While thus taking his silent farowoll, a soft rogrolful look stolo over his strong, proud faoe, and into his bluo, .tern cyei. Tho next day's summer Bun pourod its meroiloss rays on our travellers, who, woaried and unoortain of their route, rido hero and there in search of tho lost track. " We'll novor get out of this donso bush to*doy, unless, as I think, wo are in tho vicinity of Brayburn homo station. If bo, wo'ro all right, and, us the nags arc done up, what do you say to a rest at Milman's ? Robert Milman is no ond of a nice fellow; he1U bo glad to BOO us. I wouldn't like to pats Brayburn,60 say tho word Mr. Gray, and I'll find tho traek from tho top of this big bare hill here to the right; I know it well, wo camped at the foot of it on tho other side last shooting season." Mr. Gray acquicsccd in his quiet way, and Milman's station was reached in tho dusky evening. Young Hathawar was welcomed in tho homo circlo at Brayburn warmly and kindly. Tho reception of his friend wus not less kind, but they treated him with more doferonoc. After Mrs. Mi)mau-who was an invalid -had retired, a tall, pale girl camo into tho room. Mr. Milman introduced her as " My daughter Ruth." Mibb Milman, as Mr. Grav called her, (Fred familiarly called her Ruth), was a sweet-faced girl with pale, well' cut features, and thoughtful grey eyes j though her manners were quiet and unassertive she seemed tho directory of tho establishment. Mr. Milman continually appealed to her on points in his conversation connected with tho houses, the gardens, the horses, or even the latost European telegrams. Ruth corrected and decided everything ; yet, withal, was so unpretending, so feminine, that Humphrey Gray, by admiration of her, was moved out of his selfish moodiness and sorrow. Ho talked to this quiet, grey-eyed, little Ruth as he had never talked to any woman in his life, and he retired to rest happier for it. Ho did not know he was happier; but ho was so, for he did not take out tue great block diary and pore over it, or sit and stare before him for hours as had been his wont in the little Bolunda Parsonage, and weary nights long ago in the sparsely-furnished student chamber of his Edinburgh lodgings before ordination i but he looked out of tho window I up to the starlit sky, and said softly to him* self : " I will lighten my burden by some day sharing my secret with saintly- oycd little Ruth, if I dare." He leaned out ovor the window-sill, the stars twinkled over his hoad, and the night owls moanod surlily among the distant trees as he murmured in rapt, rovoront tones : " Deliver me from blood, Oh God I" Fred found many excuscB for protrocLing tbeir stay, ond as Mr. Gray was not due at the scene of his new labours for many days, he was glad to partake of Mr. Milman's genial hospitality, and onjoy quiet little chats at intervale villi Ruth. Slio (old him with her serious smile that slid could not entertain him, she had too many employments. Sho taught tlie two sturdy lads, Hugh and Harry, who were now haying holidays in honour of the visitors. Tlioy liad never known any other teacher, and Mr. Milman mado it a* proud boast that Hugh, who was only thir teen years old, would be fit to tako bxs place among the senior boys next year at school. On the third evening from the dato of their visit, Fred Hathaway and his host being absent, Mr. Gray, who stayed in to write ho said, eat looking over a photograph album at the table, opposite Mrs. Miluian's invalid chair, while Buth sowed busily at a far away window. Suddenly the minister's face grow set, and a hunted look crept into his blue eyes. " Mrs. Milman, who is that please P" , " That 1 Oh mv poor boy." " Mamma," said. Ruth, in a low, warning voice, as she laid down licr work and camo towards them. Mrs. Milinau's lips twilchod painfully, her hands clasped and uncluspod the arm of her chair for a few moments, then she laid buck her head and closcd her eyes. "She has fainted," Buth said, hurriedly, In a relieved tone, " Pleoso go away, Mr. Mil man, and when sho recovers she will have forgotten the cause of her swoon. You must not mind," she continued, reassuringly. " Don't look so troubled about it. Mummu is very delicatc, you know." Pointing to tlio bright, boyish face in tho album, slio said : "It is my brother, my only brother, Archie, and he is dead. You know, Mr. O-ray, I am Buth Lcsly. Many boside yourself make tho samo mistake about ray name. I will tell you about poor Archie's death after niauunu 1ms 1 retired this evening, It is our one sorrow, I Mr. Gray." Humphrey Gray reeled from tho room like | a drunken man. Strong agony gleamed in his blue eyes and lined his wbito forehead. All the horrid paBt came surging up again. It had always shadowed and menacingly fol lowed him. Now it was tugging at his heart strings, crushing and overwhelming him with its frightful horror. Ho walked unsteadily down to the creck*eide and loaned against a great tree. RuLh had sat in its cool shade only yesterday watching tho boys row their liny craft ou tho water. Ho boa seen her from tho house, and ho could not help thinking of it now-how pale and slight she looked in her cool white dre?s, and how carefully her serious grey eyes fol . lowod the movements of tho little lad's. Ho j wanted to think of herns yesterday-genlh', I sweet Buth Milumn, the brothers' guide and directress, the mother's stay uiul uouifort, old I Robert Milman'e trciisurod daughter, uuil his own Utile love. Not as to«diiy-not Kuth j tsosly with stern, sorrowful fuur, tending 1 that heart-broken mother with tho terrible talo of a brother's murder hovering on licr lips, Rutli Lcsly "Willi a great impassablo gulf of blood betweon tlicm. Tbo sun wont down at length, but tbo lost hour of his shining brought furrows to tbo poor pule face so prematurely aged, and streaks to tho wary masses alro&dy; grey. Tbo 1>rostration of spirit and mental anguish had >CCII soro, tbo struggle had beeu hard, but his groat strength saved bim. " I shall leave Braybum to-morrow, and Ruth will know," he said. " Got a hcadacho! Well, it's been a rooster to-day, 1 know. Pity you didn't eomo out; we had flno sport, lluth wishes to know if vou'll coiuc down, or tako a cup of tea up )icrc. She's as pnic as a ghost herself-Mrs. Milmnn had an all nek of her illness this after noon-poor little girl! I say, Mr. Gray, I don't mind tellingyou this," and Fred put tho candle down aud stood beside his friend, his bright young faco full of eagerness and earnestness:-" I've asked Milm&n; for Ruth to-day. I've loved hor over sinco I first saw her tbreo years ago, and I'm trying hard to get rich for her, but it's awfully slow work. Ruth doesn't know, and I don't want her to know yet. She likes mo I'm sure, and I'm satisfied with that now. Milman's'a brick j ho listened to me right through, then he said his little girl's happiness was all he wanted, and that when Ruth would say Yes to me, he would be ready to do liis part. Now you see why I camo here when wo lost the track." As ho finished ho laughed awkwardly, ho was so surprised at bis friend's silence-' surprised and angry. " You'll have the tea I suppose, if you're so bad as that," Humphrey Gray, haggard and weak, rose up and stood before him, and laid his hands on tho broad ehoulders of the young man. " Fred Hathaway, you are good and honest* and you say you love her; but do you lore her? Can you mako her sad young life happy P Can you give her such love as she requires? You know what she isP Now, answer mo. Are you worthy of her P" " Really, Mr. Gray, you frighten a follow. Don't put things so seriously, and look so tragical. I do lovo Ruth Lcsly with all my heart, and I will try to be worthy of hor if she will have me," " Yes, my boy, try hard to bo worthy o£ her." "Dear old fellow, you look so ill; your eyes arc dull, and your faco awfully palo. In for a fever I would say if I wore a doctor. What will you take P" " Nothing. I will come down by-and-byq, after Mrs. Milman lias retired. My appear ance might frighten her, you know. I'll come down for a cup of tea when you're at billiards, and all is quiet." u All riglxt." A couple of hours dragged away thoir weary length, then Humphrey Gray, wife** strong resolution on his face, walked down to the lighted drawiug-room with the block* bound diary in his Hand. Ho liad hoped to find Ruth there, but she was not, and ; ho walked up and down the room, waiting Cor her, with short, decisive stops, the rigidity of his mouth never relaxing from its expression of fixed determination of purpose. A girl brought in a tray witli his tea and an apology from Miss Huth. llor mamma wished her to stay with her this erening, and aho hoped Mr. Gray e heudaclic was better. | Ho drank oft a cup of tea, and, hastily do ' tachicg a leaf from his pocket- book, pencilled: -" Dear Mies Lcsly,-I lcavo Braybum early in the morning. Why, you will know when rou will have read what I loaro in your hands-the rceords of my early life. Search them keenly but kindly, and when you come to (hat entry do not reproach me. It was unpremeditated in thought and actionj it has haunted aud embittered every hour of existence since. Do not you too rise up in judgment ngainst me. Out of your charity and great gentleness of heart, think kindly of me, little Huth, and my burden will not bo eo heavy.-HoMrnBuy GbaY." Mr. Gray gave note and diary to tho house maid, and charged her to tell iftiss Lcsly that he requested her to delay the reading of them till the morrow. The girl departed, and he found his way to the bilUara*rootn, whero the balls clicked merrily, and Mr. Milumn and Fred, in their shirt sleeves* wore cxcitcdly chalking and scoring;. " Going in tho morning. Sly dear sir, I won't hear of it. If you re ill this is just the place for you. Ruth's a capital nurse." "Mr. Gray," put in Fred, as ho saw no sign of relenting on his friend's pale face, " wait till Thursday. Do. I can't go till Thursday, and 1 don't like the idea of you doing that eighty-mile journey ulone in your preeunt form?' 13ut Mr. Gray, having courteously thanked his host and commissioned ndicue to tho ladies, shook Fred kindly by the hand, and went out to the stable*, ordered his hofto for his early ride, intended the stairs to his room, and locked the door. "I aiu a daughter of Eve, but I can loavo it till the afternoon," Ruth said to horself with her ewoet grore smile. And in the afternoon when mamma was comfortably asleep, and ull was quiet in the upper regions of the house, she carried the book and littlo twisted note to her own pretty room, and kneeling beside the window all ablate with sunlight, she deftly arranged the curtains as a screen, and with u happy expectant look in her eyes, and the smile deepening tho curros of her lips, she opened aud read. HuLli road the pencilled lines again and agaiu, and soft compassionato tears stood in her eyes as elio took tho thickly-bound black diary in her hands, her slender fingers on its clasp as though roluotant to open it. She lingered thin kingly some momenta over the fastening, then with a sudden flush crimson* ing her neck and face, she re-opened the note and kissed the signature. 8he turned the leaves slowly, and imd many pages with the same happy smile play ing round her mouth, but soon her eves be camo riveted on one page. She read it over many timos, while growing horror distended her eyes and whitened hor face. It was a pago bearing date more than fifteen yean old: " 11th. Game to Iiondon to-day. Met two old chums, Tom Tillotson and Frank Oraydon. Tom's going to have some fun with a young fellow whom I saw at the Olub this morning, a soft-looking fellow named Arohie Lesly. Tom will put Frank and me up to the lark to-night he says. I am sorry I must take tho boat for Calais to-morrow. They want me to stay, too. "12th. Am glad I caught the boat. X wouldn't like Otter to have seen me last night. Poor old Otter 1 He's so straight laced. It's too bod though, that, after all his lessons and kindness, I couldn't be a man' one day out of Iub sight. " The besetting am of the age is drunken ness. My boy, set your face against it," he used to say. I oouldn't help myself with those fellows last night, but 1 am sorry for the part I took against young Xiealj, I'm sorry I jibed him so about his riding--that was Tom's lark. I hope he won't remember about the oolt. " 13th. Archie Zetly u dead. Thrown Jy tht coll. Stay in Ports. " This is the telegram I received this morn ing. My God I How oan I sit here and write it P I am Archie Lefty's murderer &l; surely as if I had plunged a knife in hi* heart, and my soul is marked with the red brand of Gain. " It was at the olnb, I oould see that he was intoxioated, and grew fiercely indignant at Tom's sneering remarks, and w&n; I challenged him about his riding (of which he had been boasting, poor hoy!), he swore to me that he would on the monow ride an unbroken oolt, one that had never been saddled. He seemed awfully in earnest too. " Why did I touch the cursed drink P But for it I oould nevor have entered into such an | unmanly jest, and I would not havethatpoor boy's death laid at my door. I have not' moved out all day; but I will not fly from justice if I am sought. Sometimes I think It I ought to go back and seek out a magistrate, then again, I am not tho only one involved. If I only were guilty I would at once give myself up. " An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth i av, and a life for a life. I have thought anil thought, still I cannot resolve. " 14th. ' Oome unto me all ye that labour, and are heavily laden, and I will give you rest.' These words oame to me last night, and I knolt down and prayed. Now, I eta ready to go back to England." They found her in the evening kneeling Br the window in her room, a large black Book clasped close in her arms to her breast, pray ing. They called to her, but she did nitl answer them. She heard her mother's voibe In the next room, then the veins in her throat swelled and throbbed, and gnat tears fillsd her eyes, but she forced them back, and went out among them. Fred looked anxious about her and communicated his fears that Bou, was not strong or else wu overworked to Mr. Wilman who said she must ride and walk out more, indeed she must aooompany on the morrow. The morning proved hot and sultry so Buth easily exoused herself and promised to ride as far as the Big Hill in the afternoon to meet them on their return home. Poor white-faoed Buth rode out in the warm afternoon, away through the bush, not knowing, not caring, where die went She held the rein loosely before her and gave Robin his head. Away to the right stretohed a dense belt of sernb, in front the Big Hill stood out blue in the haze of dutanoe while all around prew green shrubs and slender saplings. Jtile after mile Boljln picked his waj over fallen logs and loose timber, sometimes stopping to mnndh a mouthful of grass in the soanty shade of the sparely-foliaged saplings. She was glad to be dose. Every faculty was numbed with the intense strain she had put upon herself now she tried to think about it. A false step of Bobin oaused her to jerk and almost lose her aeat; this brought her baok to her surroundings, and, looking about anxiously for the rendezvous, die was startled to find that, no matter in what direction she looked, no hill of any kind was to be seen. She knew she must be for from home, for die oould see Roups of stray cattle in the distanoe who bellowed angrily at the sight of her. Seeing a great plain ahead she rode toward it. " I will stand In die centre of it," She said, " then I shall be more easily seen when they come to look for me." She felt no fear. Her spirit was sore, and her heart and oonsoienoe were waging fierce war. The straggle was with her, as it had been with him, but she was only a girl, and she loved. What though she had heard her mother curse the unknown slayer of her darling-wild and wayward, there fore loved the more~4pd had in her ohildUh heart hated the destroyer of their home, ^nd of her mother's health. Through him Archie had been cut off in his youth, and in hii tin; yet she loved him. She said all this to herself standing in the oentre of the dreary flat far away from her homo. She did not think of her position, ihe thought only of this unnatural and ill-fated love of hers, and ho aiding 4esrs droppedTon Robin's mane. It was almost suudown when she he^rd a shrill oooee, and Fred, came galloping toward her. "However, did you lose yourself like this, ButhP What! Crying! Oh, don't cry, Butb, or 1*11-You're safe now, dear, you know." ' They turnod in tho direction Fred had come. " I suppose when you didn't see Us at the Hill you rode on." " Did vou not go to the Hill then P" "No." " You'll be sorry Ruth, about Mr. Gmy. Poor old fellow I" " What about liitn," she said, a little un steadily. "They're got him at Ysnnln, dreadfully hurt. Thrown by that beast of his, I knew it was dangerous 6y ite eye-what I" " Buth I Buth 1 She did not faint, though her face grew while, and her eyes closed for a fow moments. " When, J?rodP Tell mo about it please," she said, in a low voice> " Poor little girl I she's so kind-hearted, Olid feels everything so much," said Fred to, himself, as he rode close beside' her, and laid his hand on hors on tho rein. "Wo met Anson, the Yannip boundary-rider, and ho told us that he nod found him yosterday evening near his boundary lino;' lying on the ground, his left arm broken, and a nasty cut on his lioad. He was quite unconscious, rind is so still. They'vo got him at Anson's plaoc, his wife is doing hor best for him | but as there is no doctor there yet, I'm afraid there's not much chance for him." "Have they sent for a doctor P" " Oh, yes. If they had not I would have gone Your step-father wanted to see mm, and, as we oouldn't both go, I oame bjiok. I'll go down to-morrow. Fortunate I idld oome baok, eh, Buth F" She answered him not a word, but tightened her rein and whipped Bobin into a swift gallop. Fred oould sosroelv keep paos with her. When tbey oame within sight of Brayburn where, though it was only dusk, the lights were twinkling in the wwdows, Buth drew up. "Fred, is it Anson's-that plaoe jut below the oreek-benda F" She had been crying Frod oould see, and hor voioe was full of tears. " Yes, that's it, Buth. Whyf" k "Beoaus* I'm going tiwrs now. You mnrtturt MW, Pleats stay with mamma, it would be Under, apd, Fred, tell her to to road the turned-down leaf in a book ihe will find in my room, looked in the table drawer. Fred-" die was crying violently how, " and tell my mother if I do not aee Tier Main, that I oannot help myself, I oan't help loving him." "Oh, Bnthl Oh, Heavens t Do you love Humphrey Gray f And I love you." "Then il you do, yon oan dnderatand. Make it easy for hor, Fred, die will have loet us both, Arohle and me, for I will be as lost to her, as though I were dead, I know." "Oh,Bnthl" was all he oonld say, as die rode away swiftly ont of dght in the dnsk. When she readied the boundary-rider's honae, she asked to see her step-fM&er; at onoe. Mr. Mllman came from the sick room, ihookad at hearing Both was there. " Papa, yon have not so much to fozgive, Archie was not year son. listen, I ion Humphrey Gray, and though he Doverspoke a word of love to me, I know he loves me a little. Oh, papa, he has suffered so muoh and so long, Jet ma lighten his sufferings a Utfo^Ifhemust die, letm^be near him?' and entered the betbrann. A liop'h^ face on the pillow, vrith^'a'TiLian bandage round his bead, and where it covered the wound a red atain appeared. His am whtoh lay aoroas his ohest was bound tip in splints. «s well as the kind- hearted people about him knew how to do It. Mrs. Anson sat at the foot of the bed, and rose up looking surprised, at her entnnoe, but Both did «ot maple to her or look' at het, die ,s»fr only that white faoe-white even to the lips -and she knelt down and looked into the half-open blue eyes, and spoke Us name. Hants And hours she knelt there, all her young life ebbing hum her, as die listened to his moans of mortal aagnUh, and, at intervals, bis inoohersnt wanderings. They were of school sometimes. Sometimes of thM awful time-that day in tiondon and its terrible consequences. "I will give the service of my life to the ohuroh and my fellow-creatures, Otter. I will give my lite for the life I have taken i but will my sacrifice be accepted f" He repeated this so many times, and his voice was to pitiful in its intense anguish that they who stood around -strong men though they were-wept. Buth did not weep. She listened to every word with pulseless anxiety, for she knew that soon she would never hear his voice again. Sometimes he spoke of her. Vow sue knew how much he loved her, and with ail the desolation of her life round about Bid before her, her <yes brightened wifli pleasure as she heard. Then, again, it was of the time when he lay maimed and braised in jthe bush after his fall. "The same death. It is meet and Jost. God exacts the rigid satisfaction-death for death." For a few moments before he died, con* smotuness came back to him. He recognised Buth and looked at her with a look « s^oh grateful, tender love from those blue ejres, dark with the shadow of pain, and dim with the nearness of death, that in all her after life she thanked God for it-for that one look. 