AIISCELLANEOUS NEWS. It is perhaps natural that the Fat Alan at Penola should pity more attennatedspecimen3 of humanity. But there is something worthy of attention in his remarks in the " Border Watch" on the " sweating" which our modern racing has made a necessity for jockeys : — " Who would be a jockey ? Certainly not the F.AI. ; for if sweating and physicing is an essential condition to being a member of the fraternity, I am not at all disposed to join the knights of tho pigskin. To see the emaciated specimens of the genu3 jock, with ghost-like faces, swathed to the neck in greatcoats and flannels, and a chemist's shop of Epsom salts in their internal regions, taking their daily exercise, and with hand on sto-mak walking slowly down to the scales to be weighed every hour of the day, is not the liveliest sight in creation. One particular wight that I have heard of, not being satisfied with the usual exercise in swaddling clothes, must needs get into an oven to assist his sweating propen sities, and afterwards swallowed the contents of a box more or less of salts ! Surely all this sweating and physicing must- be exceedingly injurious to these lads' constitutions, and it ! is a pity that racing cannot be carried on j without the necessity for undermining the health and constitution of the unfortunate ! jocks. Some remarks by a lady who has had ; good opportunities of observing the ill effects : that frequently result from the foregoing, says that she fiuuly believes that many races are lost through the lads, from sheer weakness, not being in a condition to properly sit or control tboir horses. There is, no doubt, a deal of truth in this, for if this reducing process is carried on as it frequently is, al most to the last moment before they are required to mount, these youthful jocks cannot be in much trim for managing an uut ruly animal !" The " Bnrra Record" gives the report of a meeting hold on Wednesday last, at Baldina, which resulted in a memorial to the Com missioner of Crown Lands being adopted ask- iug for another year's grace b>r the paynien1 of money due on their selections. The report shews that year after year these selectors have struggled along with dogged will and untiling labour against a continued series of bad crops They have had to cultivate the laud ami make the necessary improvements out of their past savings, and the work they have been able to do outside their farms ; in fact they havr kept their farms and not their farms them, it may be asked why they have not thrown the laml up, but as they have sunk their all on the ground they would leave everything aud have nothing to start afresh with if they went away, and there is also a hope that as it is a long lane that has 110 turning they may soon have a more favorable season and be able to regain their lost position. In previous seasons the blame has been laid on the soil, or the want of rain, but this year the promise was excellent, and the straw in many places very heavy, but the severe frost in November, xvhile the wheat xvas blooming, seems to have emptied many a large head, and the rust later on shrivelled much of the grain that xxas left. The average for this year is about the same as it was during the past three, viz., about three bushels per acre of which one is wanted for seed leaving but two for the year's Work to pay the year's bills. The farmers have all to lose and the Government nothing, and it is certain that if oncifthis land is thrown up it will be very long before any one else has the courage to try it, so we certainly think that every possible concession should be made to those xvho have struggled so manfully. The memorial to the Commissioner is to be sent in at once and the farmers anticipate a favor able reply. In Dainaraland — north- west of the Cape Colony — a sanguinary war has commenced between the Herero Damaras and the Nama- qua Hottentots. Colonial rule does not extend there, although at one time negotia tions were "in progress with a view to the acceptance of the inhabitants as British subjects. Mr. Palgrave, who was sent to them as special .Commissioner, has since safely returned to Cape Town ; but the Acting Resident, Major Mtisgrave, still re mains at NValwich Bay, the port of the territory, where there is a customs' establish ment, mainly for the purpose of checking the gun trade. The scene of the reported dis turbance is a considerable distance inland, where the Damara3 and Hottentots graze their cattle on the plains. The immediate cause of the xvar (stated by the Rev. II. Brincker, the missionary at Otjimbinque) was a quarrel as to the supposed theft of a Damara cow; which, as it afterwards turned out, had merely strayed awliy. But the Damaras suspected the occupants of a Nain- aqua kraal of having stolen the animal, and without ceremony made a raid upon the place. The Namaquas retaliated, and in an encounter with the Damaras, the latter were defeated and fled, leaving their herds behind, The Namaquas pursued them, killing about ten men of other cattle posts, and looting about 1,500 head of cattle. As soon :ls tliia became known at Okahandja (the capital of Damar aland), the chief, Kamaherero, gave ' orders to kill all Namaquas living at his place j and elsewhere among the Damaras. Oil the ! morning of August 23, a general butchery ; commenced. At a place near the mission- , statisn at Barmen twenty Namaquas, servants , of Bastard- Hereros, and formerly servants of Jonker Africaner, xvere killed. At some places four, at others five, were slain ; but j numbers, especially of Berg Damaras, must : have perished at more remote places. Accord- ; ing to the latest accounts, more thai. 150 , Namaquas, men, women, and children, j besides large numbers of Berg Damans, were killed on that terrible August 23, and following days. At the Laura Court held on Tuesday the case of Oldham v. North Midland Roa 1 Board xvas adjourned. 