GBBI8TMA8 GREBE. BY HHXKT KKSDAM,. Phajttok streams ware in the distance mocking lights of lake and pool 0 hosts of trees of soft, grout 1 astro-groves of shadows deap and eoal. Yea, aomo davit ran boforo them, changing skies of brass to Iblne Sotting bloom whew cunie i» planted-where ;i grsssblado now grew. Six thero were; and high above them glared a j wild and wizened son: Ninety leaguoa from whore the waters of tho Ringing valleys ran. There boforo them-thcro behind them-was tho great, stark, stubborn Plain, Where the dxy winds Wss forever and tho blind ) earth moans for rain I I Ringed about by treats of fnniacc, ninety I in agues from stream and tree, Six there were with wasted faces, working northwards to the sea. Ah! tho bitter,hopeless Desert 1 Here those broken human wrecks Trod the wilds wnoro sand of firo is with tin; spiteful apincfex! Toiif'ii through spheres that no bird knows of, where with fiery emphasis hath stamped its awful mislmatk deep on overylhing that is! Toiled and thirsted, strove and MUton:.!. 'Ch*t was where December's breath As a wind of smiting Same is, on weird, haggard wastes of Death I This was where a withered moon is, and the gleam of weak, wan star, And a thunder full of meanco sends its mighty voices far! This waa whero black execration, from soron dark Tribunal hurled, h'c.t tho brand of curse on all things in tho morning of tho World 1 On.-) man yielded-thon another-then a lad of nineteen years Reded and fell with English riverx fringing softly in his can! English graces started round him-then the graco of Sussex loa lltmii and touched him with tho beauty of ;i (.?re-en land by tho seal j Ola-world faces [thronged about liim-old world voices spoko to him; Hut hi.i speech was liko a whisper, and his eyea wura very dim. lu ,t dream of golden evening, beaming on a quiet niraiwi, Lay tho r, hanger. till a bright Olio came and took him by tho hand. Kiiiiliiid vanished-diod the voicoa; but ho ' heard a holier tono, ! And an anf-d that wo know not led him to tho L.iii.l'i unknown. there we.ro, but three wore taken! Three were left to struggle still! But against, tho rod horizon flamed a horn of brindled hill Bat beyond tho northern skyline, past a wall r>i pteop austero'i lay tho land of light and coolness in an April colored yoar. " Cc.urajjo, brothers," orlod the loader; " oij tho slopes of yonder poak There aro tracts of herb and shallow, and tho channels of tho creek 1" So they mado one last great effort-haled their beasts through brake and briar f-'ct their feet on spun of furnace-grappled spikes and crags of flro Fought tho stubborn mountain forces-smote down naked natural powers. Till they gazed from thrones Of Morning on a sphere of streams and flowors! Out behind thorn was tho desert glaring liko a :;oa of brass- * Here boforo them weri the valleys fair with aioi.nli^hl-colorod grass 1 At their hacks were haggard wastelands bickering in a wicked blase In thfir faces beamed tho waters marching down melodious ways 1 Touching was tho cool, soft color over laps of lawn and lea, And maj&iticwaa; tho great road Morning mado across tho soa. * On the sacrcd day of Christmas after seven months of grief Heated three f f six who started, on a bank of moss and leaf Tinted by a running riyer, in a hushod-a holy week j And they named tho stream that saved thorn named it fitly-'4 Christmas Creek." 