BROADBBIM'S NEW TOBK LETTER. The stsady advance of -our American civi lization is both astonishing and gratifying to a man who is proud-of hie'eagle, proud-of his forefathers, proud of. his Bunker, FTillj and ■ prond of everything between the lines of iati: 1 tude and longitude that cover. {the United' States. The time was, andthat nofc long ago,, when we were in a comparatively degraded and barbarous condition*. . In those benighted days, if a fellow, ran off. with another fellow's wife, he generally took the opportunity, when the husband was out; and.when the^oldman came home And found his doxy gone, he gene rally went after doxy's man with a shot-gun or a pair of -revolvers, and if doxy's man did not get up &nd; duBt in a pretty lively manner, we usually looked for a Coroner's inquest, with a verdict by twelve honest .men of '• served him right." Those days of - savagery, I am happy to say are past; and. now, instead instead of running off in a huriy and leaving ail good clothes behind, a fellow comes to you and tellsy'outhathe loves Mrs. X., a great; deal better than you can possibly .love ~ her, and Mrs. X. informs you that she committed a great mistake when she accepted you instead of her new affinity; she makes you a present out and out of - all her children and her debts. The new affinity borrows ten dollars?and-a half of you, and takes yonr new Bilk umbrella out of the hat-rack as he makes his exit with Mrs. X. upon "his arm, and the curtain-falls on the tableaux!! How much, better this than cutting and slashing and shooting each other, far a woman j who is not worth' a cut, or a slash, or a shoot. - In Gotham lived a worthy professor, of; music, j Arnold by xiame,' who had 'a rib that waa most fail? 'to look upon. Her waist .was not, like the waist of Milo's Venus, hut it -was ' not uncomely from a Dutch standpoint; for Reubens and Markhart have given us angels whose avoirdupois could scarcely be balanced, by a cloud. To make a long story short, after five years of Unalloyed -domestic bliss, Mrs. A. discovered that she had an affinity .; and, as I before' remarked, theaffinity discovered that he loved Mrs. A. better than it was possible for'Mr.'A.'to do; so like a gentleman as he was, he sent Mr. A. aletter telling him that he-could not possibly get along without ] Mrs. A., and that Mr. A. would have to find somebody else, if he really needed a person to darnhis stockings and prepare his sauer kraut. Mrs. A, like a true lady as she was, hade Mr. A. good-bye in an affeciionate letter, wishing him all sorts.of good luck, made him a present of both the babies, and a milliner's and dressmaker's bill of $175. -Could any-' thing be more ladylike or generous? and this shows the superiority of our city: breeding and civilization. In the country, the fool of a husband would Have flown into a passion j and sent the town constable after the guilty pair, at an expense of eight or ten dollars per day, and when he caught thfem the chances are two to one that he. would have forgiven his wife, and would have made her a present of a set of blonde frizzes and a sealskin eacque._ "But Mr. A.'s head was level; he did none of these foolish things, but as soon as he found that Mrs. AL bad. vamoosed, he sat down quietly to survey the situation, and "he said to himself " She's a bad egg;" and then he solemnly remarked "I have no use for sich," and heaving a heavy sigh, as he looked at the dressmaker's bill, he said " Bless her, let her go;" and she did go, and she has not stopped .going for as near as can be ascertained, she is now on her way. to Brazil, and we have only to wish Dom Pedro good' luck with the new accession to his Imperial Highness's dominions. The indictmeiit of the perjurers in the Morey letter gave us considerable .of a shaking ' up, and in certain quarters there" hasb^en a lively rattling among'the dry 'bones to know who did it. The crime of sWearing away a man's life and character by the means ''of- a couple of villains like Morey and the thief O Brien is an offence of no ordinary character, and it is the sincere desire ,of. the honest men of both parties that die criminals, whoever they are, may he landed in States-prison. Eveiybody here is. anxious to know how the Democrats lost New York. One party, cays - too much 329; another that the Morey letter was the shot that killed cock robin. Irving Hall says it was the traitor John Kelly, who gave the* party away by nominating Grace, and Jokn says that the swallow-tails did it helping the Republicans to colonize the " Tom Einsella swears that New -l York would have been safe if it had not been ! for Bobs Mcliaughlin, and Boss Mcljaughlin swears that any parly which has to cariy Tom Kinsella, is certain to go to tlie devil without benefit of the clergy. The fight has already begun, and it is not entirely confined to a war of words, for on Tuesday Judge Morris, who was formerly District Attorney, and who for years.has been one of the leading -Democrats of Brooklyn, was attacked by another democrat, a ruffian and prize fighter. by. the name of Dunne, who has long .held sinecure offices in the city, and who is at present deputy coroner. His only qualification for the office appears to be that when he was in the prize ring a few years ago, he nearly furnished business for the coroner fin several occasions, and his Brooklyn friends, desired to testify their appreciation of his prowess by making him deputy coroner. Mr. Morris, whose democracy no one ever questioned, ventured to suggest that the democratic party had disgraced itself by delisting such a ruffian as its representative man in convention. So Mr. Dunne .took the first opportunity to break Mr. Morris's jaw, and it may be that Dunne may he able to collect bis $11.50 at the inquest which may possibly ensue. The entire community is indignant at. the brutal assault of one of its most respected citizens. Mr. Morris lies in a critical condition, and his ruffianly assailant •has been indicted by the Grand Jury, and it is the earnest prayer of every respectable citizen that states prison may be his quarters for the next five years. The immense increase of our foreign trade is seen in the vast number of new steamships which arrive here every week. Iron is no longer the material for this class of vessels; the Bessemer process "has rendered possible the use of. steel, and at present' it looks as though the use of iron in the construction of sea-going vessels would soon be a thing of the past. An entire line of steel steamships is now being constructed on the Clyde, to be used exclusively for the, grain and cattle trade, which has now assumed colossal proportions. The dimensions of these mammoth steamers will be nearly 500 feet long, almost 50 feet wide, and 40 feet deep. I don't know that it will ever be possible to build a ship that the waves cannot destroy, but from the description, these snips will -oome as near perfection as any. that have ever been built. The ribs will be of the cross or diamond section,' braced in every conceivable .manner. There will be eight sep arate watertight compartments, so that'you will'have to break' them all to pieces to sink the ship. The grain bins are so arranged that their cargoes can never shift, and the condens ing apparatus is made to furnish fresh water sufficient for 500 head of cattle each day. The officers' quarters afe elegantly fitted up, and there is ijlsp a limited accomodation for. cabin passengers, and larger accomodation for steer age passengers, which now supply the great hulk of pur passenger travel. The addition to our population from abroad for the current year foots np nearly a quarter of a million. The great bulk of this emigra tion, of course, goes immediately to the' West. Fully 150,000' will' devote themselves to agriculture, and here are the - brawny arms ■ that are, by their labor, to fill with grain the mighty steamers of which I have been writing. The suicidal mania hag broken out again, and a half dozen have followed each otter in startling succession daring the weeek. In no . instance was there any apparent cause to drive the unfortunates fco euch dire extremity—but they were simply tireld of life. Several shock ing murdera are added to the calendar, one o£ - them being that of a worthy and most estimahfe woman, who was shot and killed by a desperate suitor, whose advances she had discoursiged. It will be qtrite useless to give you anymore . warnings in regard to the stock-broking thieves , of New Yovk;; as long*as they promise 25 per cent, a month; flats will- be found to- invest. their, spare ducats/ The Ladifes Stock Exchange of Union Square is the latest development. School mams and servant girls, fine ladies and their, chamber-muds all tooka little chance; and now the female banker,, who was going-to line all their pockets/with guilders, haB absquatulated, vanished) disappeared, gone,-as the late la mented James Hsk once remarked." where the wotidbine twineth," whereat there is much mourning, with "weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth. The signs are that there will shortly be another terrible battle between the " bulls " and "bears " on Broad street. If it coines you may expect to see the fur fiy. Put your greenbacks away in a stocking, or inveBt them in Government 4 per cents, or give them to me to distribute among the missions for the conversion of the Chinese, but don't invest them in stocks. If you do, look- out for squalls and when the evil time' comes, as Hamlet's ghost remarks," Temember me." Our great dry goods houses are now lying on their oars, anxiously waiting forepring. 