OLD HYMNS. Thsee is something quaint and pathet/c about the old hymns our grandfathers an4 grandmothers sang in tbeir deep bass or bigh falsetto voices, regardless of time or tune, but with a monotonous chanting melody, that was accompanied by the regu lar rise and fall of a substantial, leather sole, which kept time with the leader's tuning fork. Oh ! what a great man the precentor of tbe choir was in those days, with his queue and his dignity, and how the boys followed and admired him, as if he were a superior being I HiB knowledge ot music was the feeblest of hi9 accom plishments — he bawled out the old tnneB with a volume of voice that left him fiat chested the rest of the week, but he had 'taken lessons'— had gone away and erne back with a 'do- ri-me' that was like another language, and had organised a singing school, where the gii Is ranged down one side and tbe boys down the other, and tallow candles burned dimly between. It was all musio there, among the lads and lasses. The tuneB were awfully solemn, and some of the voiceB squeaked, and the most of them made more noise than melody ; but ' Eyes were bright And hearts were light,' and there was a mnsic of youth and love that made the rafters of the little school house ring. We can hear them. Down through the weary years of manhood and womanhood and of mature age, the voices of 'The girl that sung alto, the girl tbat sung air,' blend with the ' jangle of sweet bells out of tune' that ring for us yet in the still midnights of retrospect from the winter nights of long ago. ' Dinna ye bear the slogan P' That's 'Old Hundred'— dear, brave, old tiine, tbat tbe old boys and girls are singing — the Doxology. 'All sing:' ' Praise God, from whom all blessings flow, Praise Him, all cre-a-tu- res here below. Praise bim above, ye heavenly host, Pra-i-se Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' Ho w tb e old deacon would throw his head back to let out the ' musick,' and how he would always sing 'critters,' and make the boys and girls laugh t There was eld ' Coronation,' too, a tune and a hymn we have never given up. It was sung slower and more solemnly by tbe choirs of long ago. Who, that has once heard it, oan ever forget it P How the boys and girls started off together on the first two and a half. lines : — ' All hail the power of Jesus' name, . Let ange's prostrate fall; Bring-forth-tne-roy — Bring-forth- the-roy — Bring foith the royal diadem. And crown Him Lord of all.' How the bass rung in on that third line, with an undercurrent of treble, and then a great wave ot tenor, and treble, and bass that lifted them all up on its mighty crest. A new hymn tnne was looked upon with suspicion in thosa days ot long metre, short metre, and common metre, the days when the minister used to announce from tbe little piilpit away up under the sounding board, that there would be ' a meeting at early candle-light in Down's Sohool Honse, Lord willing,' and the old deaconB would sit on the front benches and keep time to their favourite. ' Oh-majr-ny-heart-in-tune-be-found- ; Like-David's-harp-of- solemn-sound.'-' A standard vane was this : 'Ob, may I in his courts be seen, Like a yonng cedar, fresh and green.' It, was like some of tbe swaying enchant ments of plantation songs. Tbe different parte kept tbe- last line running back and forth tilt one almost felt like jumping up and dancing, aa it bobbed about on the waves of eong. Ten years ago it used to be sung by the gnat choir in Mr. Beecber's . oburoh at Brooklyn, In tb^ same wierd wpy Mid tjie pnecbcr w^pntd close bis eye? to ' listen M H nflM over and abont bin. ' L-i-i- ike a young cedar— L-i-i-ike a young cedar — L-i-i-ike a young cedar, fresli and green.' There is something in tbe stern rugged ness of the old ^hymnB that givcB them vitality. There are no il's and and'B about them. Their makers believed with Dr. Watts — ' The moment that we die To Hell we Bink, or else To Heaven we fly.' A funeral was a great ' improving occa sion,' and tbe hymne sung were calculated to impress a lesson upon those who heard them. ' Hark 1 from the tombs a doleful sound, Mine ears attend the ory,' was iu constant use; so was ono which contained tbe lines : ' For while the lamp holds out to burn, The vilest sinner may return.' The old hymns are not fashionable just now, but tbe time will come when they will all be sung again to the old tunes as some thing sweet and quaint of long ago. The old singers are nearly gone, too. ' Part of tbe host has crossed the flood. And pait are crossing now.' When the age of sentiment has passed away with the gospel of gush, and the day of infidelity and rationalism is over, and the world grows tired of the gods so easily made, tbe old hymns, that have never been equalled in modern Eong, will re-assert themselves. ' For why P The Lord our God is good, His mercy is for ever sure ; His truth at a'l times firmly stood. And shall from age to age endure.'' — American Paper 