THE EE VISED NEW TESTAMENT. | (From the Armu) After the lapse of more than two cen taries and a half, daring which long period the translation of the Bible published in 16U, and known sb lb# mtnoriied ver sion, has been read and referenced, hal lowed bj our most sacred associations, and bound up with our language and litmtire, the formidable task hat been undertaken of revising oar familiar Eng lish translate* of the Scriptures. Since 1870 two committees of English scholars, assisted by corresponding committees in America, have been engaged in this deli oate sua difficult work. The first and simplest part of their task has now been ?oeompiithed, and the revised edition of the New Testament is at length presented to the pahlic. It bas long been patent to tha students of the Bible that the authorised English version, with ill its marvellous excellen cies, is yet marked by many inaccuracies, and not seldom fails to conrey to the ordinary reader the exact meaning of the original Hebrew or Greek. It could hardly have been otherwise, for biblical criticism is, properly &peakingTa; compara tively modern science, and the erilical apparatus necessary to secure a strictly accurate text was not at the disposal of seholars in 1611 It mast be borne in mind that the labors of such men as fiffcsbaeh, Seholz, Larhmann, Tifchen dorf, and Tregeiles, to say nothing of a host of minor well-known critics, belong to the 18th and 10ih centuries, not to the beginning of the 17th, and that since 1611 the V higher criticism" has been bom, , and * flood of new light has been thrown upon the interpretation of mnch in Sorip ture. Hence the necessity for the revision now partially completed. There iro four jioints to fhjch in par -ticolar th8 renniti* committees nave directed their attention. These sre " Uxt, translation, language, and marginal potes." The text on which the translators of 1811 based their version it well known to have been defective, "founded" (as wo arc told in the preface to tho present reviicd translation) "for the most part OQ mannsciipU of late date, few in num ber, and u&t;*d with little critieal skill," The fact is that the soienee of criticism was not fully understood, and that some of the most important manuscripts on which to feu nil a correct text were atill lying undiscovered on the shelves of monastic libraries. The work, therefore, of the present revisers haa been in the first place to determine what, Moid varia tion b and interpolations, is the tiuo, original text, according to (he beat and moat ancient authorities. This point having been satisfactorily settled, the question cf translation had next to be carefully considered. The object for which the committees were appointed being to reviser, and not to re- translate thfl Scrip tare 5, es few alterations ai possible have been raade m the old translation. .Where an alteration of the toxthas been found necessary, a corresponding transla tion of courw i»aa had to be given If the translation of the correct text has been deemed inaccurate, a more accurate ren deling baa been substituted. Changes have Talso been introduced where the old render ing of a Greek word was considered to be ambiguous The folios? ing are illustrations of some of the principal alterations neces sitated by new readings of the Greek text, insceurate translation, or ambiguity of expression;-Matthew six. 17-"Why caue&t; thou roe good ? there is norio good but one, that if. Go.l," rends, according to the altered Gn-ek text, " Why BJfkest thOU mo concerning tlmt which is goodf One there U who is >»ood." Matthew *i 26-" Tako no thought for your life," is translated, "He not ansiou* for your life.*' Matthew xxv. 41-" Into everlasting fire" is altered to " Into the eternal fire," per haps with the idea of connecting the word "eternal" with the same word as used in John's Gospel. John v 3-" Search tho florin tures, " is translated, "Ye search tKegoriptares." Matthew xi 23-"Thou, Capernaum, shall he brought down to bell," is rendered, " Thou ahalt go down unto Hades" Matthew si. 10-" Jiut pisdom is justified of her children," now reads, "And wisdom i* justified by her works." In Mark viii. W5, 37» " What shall it profit n man ?" &o;,, the word ..soul" is altered to " life"-" For what doth it profit a man to gain tho wholo world, and forfeit his life ? For what should a man cxchango for hislifoK' The well-known song of tho angels heard by the shepherds on the plains of Bethlehem it thus rendered " Glory to God in tho itighe*i, and on earth peace among men in whom He is well pleased." In Romans T. Hi " reconciliation" is substituted for Vatonement,'' so that tho latter wonl if bo longer found in the Now Testament: The famous passage, FbilippianS ii. 6, 7 Who being in tho form of ,(Jod googht it not robbery to he efpfal'with od, ie , now runs, " Who, being in the form of God, counted it not % priae to be on an equality wilhGod, hut emptied himself, taking tho form of a servant, Ao, Jn 1 Timothy iii. 16, in acoerdance with tho emended reading of tbo Greek text, we hare, "Ho who was manifested in tho flesh," instead of " God was manifest in the flesh." 1 Timothy vi, 10-" The IOTO of raonoy is tho Toot of all evil," is changed into " Tho lovo of moqey ia a root of all kipda of evil.'' For the well known words In 2 Timothy jii, 10-" All Scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for dootrino," is aobsti Bluted as a more correct translation, 11 Every Scripture inspired of God is also profitable for teaching," The revision of the text has also rendered it necessary to omit certain passages altogether. Thus, for instance, tno fourth verso of the 5th chapter of John's Gospel ia left out," .For an angel of the Lord went down at certain seasons into the pool, and troubled the water," Ac. 1 John 7, ia omitted," For there are three that bear witness in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holv Ghost, and these three are one," as is also the doxology at the end of the Lord's Prayer. The well-known passage* -tie I6ih chapter of Mark, verse 9th to the end and the 8th chapter of John, from the 4th verse to the Hth-are allowed to atand as in the authorised version, atten tion, however, being called in the marginal note to the fact that the authority for them is somewhat doubtful. The translators have paid nmcl) atten tion to the rendering of articles, pro noons, preposition*, and tenses, thereby causing numerous little changes of trans lation, which, slight though they be, con aiderably modify the meaning usually attachod to certain passages, Thus, for example, instead of the old rendering of Galatjan* ii. l!», 20, .* I througb'lho law am dead to the law (hat I might lire unto God. I am crucified with Christ,1' «fcc, we have to r«?ad, " I through the law died opto the law that I might lifo unto God. I have been crucified with Christ; jet I lire; and jot no longer I, but Christ liyeth in me; and that life whieh I now .live in the flesh I live in faith, the fiuih "which is in the Son of God, who loved me and gave Himself up for me/' Or, again, Epnesians iv. 33, "Even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you," I* =bange<J fcto " Even as God also in Christ forgave yon," " For the preach ing of the cross is to them that perish foolishness, but nnto ns which aro saved 3t is the power of God " (1 Cor, 18) is translated-" For the word of the cross is to them that sto perishing foolishness, bnt nnlo ns which aTe Win* saved,11 etc. Wherever any new translation, or trans lation of an emended Greek text, has Wen introduced, the revi.nra have endea voured as far as possible to retain the archaio colour of the langnago employed in the authorised version, so as to avoid the appearance of patchwork. They tell «i that only in a few cases words ofiater data than those made use of in the Bible of 1811 have been introduced, and that when compelled by the exigencies of UngTMRe to employ unfamiliar phrases, tbey made sure that the words so en* plojed "are Jo be found in the writings of tho best authors of the period to which they belong*" Betides thna laboring to determine the beat Greek text, and to translate it into tho roost accurate and elegant English, the reviseis hare sup plied numerous marginal notes. Tho latter will serve to give those who are ignorant of what biblical criticism moans some idea of the enormous labour and care, as well as of the discriminating judgment, demanded of a biblical critic. Those notes include differences of read ing, literal translations of Greek words which have no exact equivalent in Eog lish, explanations demanded b? the original, and renderings which, though perhaps admisiable, hare not been deemed the best. The revised veision of the New Testa* ! nxnl, it will thai be seen, is a thoroughly scholarly work, sod bean abundant marks of care and caution. That it will serve to give verv much new light to the | general reader of the Scriptures appears , to us to be doubtful. Something more than a merely verbal criticism is neces sary in order to do (his. Bnt so far a* it goes it is a valuable production, and we do not soo bow, under the instructions given to the Revising Committee, any thing better could have been produced. Had the committeo been instructed to pTcparo an altogether new translation, they would doubtless have been able to do much more in the way of making the Scriptures intelligible to those who can not read the Bible in the original lang uages, bnt being restricted to simple revis ion, comparatively little scopo was granted them in this direction. What is really required is a free translation, especially of the Epistles, in which more attention would be paid to tho general meaning of a passage than to the interpretation of individual words. Until we have this, roach that it in the Bible must remain sealed to tho majority of people. Dog matic bias, however, is not yet sufficiently eliminated, wo fear, from tho minds of critic* to admit of their agreeing upon any such translation, and we must, therefore, in the meantime be content with what wo have got. We cannot conclude this hasty notice of the revised version of the New Testa* mont without calling attention to two great improvements of form which the revisers navo introduced. In the first place, the old divisions of chapter and verae, which are of comparatively modem dale (a,d. 1551), have been indicated by the numerals on the inside margin of each page, but they have not been adopted, l'he revisers have wisely arranged tho text in paragraphs, so that the continuity of thought and language may not be in terrupted? The second improvement of form to which wo refer is tho clear man* net in which the poetical quotations from the Old Testament are printed. In the authorised version, poetry and prose are printed alike, and a« no mark ii used to indicate quotation, it is sometimes difficult to know when a quotation ends, and the filter resumes his own discourse, Accord* ing to the method adopted by the rovisers, poetical quotations can be at onoo diatin* fuishod j passages from the Psalms and 'rophets being printed by themselves, and arranged with duo regard to tho parallelisms of Hebrew poetry, 