Hallway Meet lug. 'In Moord&no;* «rith advertisement, a- public tneeting wa» held at the Council Chamber, on Tuesday evening, ' to consider and determine what atepa should be taken to intimate to the fti'vuriimont where, in consideration of the large nnd important iutoroats of Wollougong and i'R shipping port, the town railway station should he.' Tho room was well filled, aud the Mayor of tlio Borough presided. Tho Chairman read tho advertisement calling the . meeting, and said that it remained for any gentle : men to move such resolutions as they might deem nciieBsary. Mr Q. Hewlett said that he reeretted to find that no proper arrao-.'emet,ts had been madr for the carrying out of the business of tho meeting, such in* tho appointment of a Provisional Commit tee and appointment of gentlemen beforehand to move and second resolutions. Fearing that such mi:.' lit be the case, he brought three resolutions with him, and would read them to the mooting. [Resolutions here read.] Ho moved the first — 'That this meeting recognisos the grent importance of tho voting by Parliament of the necessary amount of money for the construction of a rail- , way from Sydney to Kiama, and considers that in j order to fully serve tho trade of Illawnrra such line of railway should junction with the port of [ Wollongong, the shipping trade of which already j is not surpassed in the colony only by that of \ Sydney and Newcastle.' He said tho object of ' the meeting was most important. In his opinion it would be better for Wollongong to bo without a railway than that the station should be on the west side of the town. A rumor which had gained considerable circulation said that it wiib intended to endeavor to liiuuce tne uovernment to run tne Hue on the west side of the town, and have the station on Mr. Gray's land, or a piece of land 1 near the Cross Roads, belonging to a man named Etigl'tid. Wollongong was quiet enough now, but would become much more so should the rail- ; way station be at either of the places s ated. There were many reasons why the line should puss as near the port as possible. It would be much cheaper to construct there than along the spurs of the mountain, and how the railway would pay woulddepend much upon the costof its construction. It was said that the line should be run as nenr the coal measures as possible. But from all the collieries in the district, either now or in the future, private lines mudt be made to connect them with the main railway line. Such being so, it would not matter much about a mile or so difference in the length of these private connecting lines. Neither the whnle colony, nor tho rost of the district, should suffer for the sake of a few person* who would be benefited by having the line and Wollougong statiou on the west side of the town. Mr. W. Spence seconded the motion, as ho said in order that it might be discussed. He said several lilies had been surveyed for the rail way near Wollongong. Tlio one on the west side of the town, alluded to by Mr. Hewlett, instead of be-in;; along tho mountiiin spurs, ran where there would be very little cutting. It passed some dis tance on the west of the Hnspiial, running up the valley in the ditection of Mr. Wonllard's, and crossed the Mount Keira road a short distance above Mr. Rohson's residence, thence it passed thmuuh Mr. Stewart's paddocks, a little west ward of Guard's Hill and immediately above Ghost bridge, keeping just above the main road, atd through his (Mr. Sponce's) garden from end to end to the Fig Tree. The surveyor told him that there would be only n small tunnel or cutting required to cross the Mount Keira Koad, either under or through it, aud that would bo all tho work of any consequence needed on that line. He said, moreover, that all the earth that would have to be removed would no more than Gil up small hollows along tho line. Altogether the surveyor considered that line the best way to pass Wollongong, and was of opinion that it was the route most likely to be adopted. The idea of the railway being taken via the Lake, as some people appeared to imagine, was simply ridiculous, a branch line from the west side of the town to the harbor would suit all purposes. But what he would like to see would be little need for the port. He would prefer every thing to go and come by rail. The best course would be to urge the Government to proceed with tho line ns quickly as possible, leaving to them to decide where it should run. and where the Wollon gong station should be. He was an old man, aud would like to have a ride in tho Illawarra railway before he died. Mr. James Anstey supported tbe motion, and cor.sidered that the ownership by certain gentle men of gardens or pear trees should have no influence as to where the railway should pass. It was essentially necessary that the line should join the shipping port, in order to be available in connection with a Melbourne trade, or any othef trade coming or going sea-ways in connection with the district. And there was no doubt that it would be fatal to the trade of the town Bhould the line and station be west of Wollongong. ' All the interests of the district would be better served by the line being ns near the port as possible. Mr. M. H. Moriarty said that to bridge Towrodgi Creek, Fairy Creek, Tom Thumb, tho Lake, and Minnaintirra, on the coast route, would cost £50u,000. Mr. John Biggaraaid there was no telling where the line might pass Wollongong. Three lines ha 1 been surveyed, and the Government engineers would be guided entirely by circumstances as to which Hue or route should be adopted. At any rate, the lino was certain to be connected with the harbor. He considered the action being taken premature and calculated to hinder progress with the work of constructing the line. Mr. W. J. Wiseman supported the motion, considering that the action taken was not out of place, as it would only let the Government know die mind of the people regarding the route the railway should take at Wollongong. The meeting was not discussing which way the line should take to Kiama— it was only which way it should take at Wollongong. Any person who had travelled along the Southern railway would have heard of old Marulan aud new Marulan. The former was a thriving town before the construction of the railway, but, as the line did not pass near it, it became almost deserted, and another township sprang up near the line, this being now called new Marulan. The same kind of thing would take place regarding Wollongong should the line and station be on Mr. Gray's land, west of the town. We should have old Wo lbngong almost deserted, and new Wollwaong springing up noar the rail way Btation. The railway xhould pass near the Wollnngong shipping port, then go through Dapto, aud onwards to Kiama. ' The Government had found out they hat! made a mistake in not listening to the voice of the people, regarding the railway and the town of Yass, and be had no doubt they would now listen to the people of Wollongona respecting this matter.. Mr. Moriarty : ' The Engineer-in-ohiof for Railways wi'l nut be influenced by cabbage gardens or other such interests, He will take the line by the best and cheapest route.' Mr. Wiseman — 'Mr. Macintosh said some thing about Illawarra and cabbage gardens, and considered there were cabbage-heads in the district as well.' (Laughter.) Mr. P. Lahiff said he looked at the thing from a common sense point of view, and therefore supported the motion. He did not expect the railway would be the grand and glorious thing tothe district that some persons expected, but it should t'ike th'o most convenient route, and that would be as near the Wollonuong harbour as possible. The railway would prove a great benefit as an outlet for Sydney people to thifi distriot, and would be some advantage to the district itself, but not for a cal trade, li would not pay so to send coal to Sydnoy from thin district ; not oven from CoalClitt', which was the nearest Illawarra colliery to Sydney a* presont. Sea carriage would always beat railway carriage for cheapness, as could be shewn by comparing the work of the Bulli stenmer Woniora in making six trips a week with what the name quantity of coal would cost if taken to Syd ey by rail. The meeting had a very lc'Uimatu object in view, aa influence might be brought to boar ou tho Government 1o induce t'uoni l.i have tlio station on Mr. Gray's land t j tho disadvantage of tho port and tho rent of the town. An .attempt was made to take the Coiirt-houso up { tlioto, but, to the credit of tho people, they pro tested against it and prevented it. But as regarded t'.ie coal trade, the railway would bo no use tu the district. Even now, with the know ledge bi 'ore them that tlio railway wns to bo con | structed, tho Mount Keinbla Company wero providing for water carriago for thoir coal at a cost of £-10,000 or £50,000. In England water carriage beat railwuy carringo ovorywhero. It would bo the same hore, and, indeed, he did not feel at all certain that tho Uluwarra railway would ever bo constructed. (Lauuhter.) Mr. Biggar desired to offer a remark or two in explanation, in order to refnto.tho wild statemonts just mnde by Mr. Lahiff. Experience proved the very opposite to what was put forth by that gentle man in regard to water carrinuo and railway hnulago. Even as far back as 1850 the railway wns beating water carringo for coal in supplying London with thnt article. This he (Mr. Biggar) know from personal experience. The yoarly de livery of coaliri London had now reached upwardsof four million tons, and at every poinc the railways wero beating water carringo as regarded cheapness. Remarks to the contrary regarding a coal trade in this district were absurd, and not founded on experience. The coal trade of Illawarra would not be long in' reaching a million and a lml f tons, and cms quantity, even at is per ton, wouia pay ior haulage. Mr. LahifF said tho Government would not make special rates for Illawarra. The charges for haulage on this line would be on a scale applied to the whole colony. Mr. Biggar pointed out that all required by a Government wns 'thnt tho different lines should pay fair interest on the cost of their construction. If the traffic on any lino did more than this, the Government reduced the charges accordingly. This was the advantage to tho public in railways being in Government hands instead of thoso of privato parties. Mr. D. A. M 'Donald supported tho resolution, contending that the railway should go as near tho bin bov as possible, and that the station or terminus should be on that side of the town. It would be ignoring tho town and port to have it otherwise. Along ine uiiierenc railway lines oi tno cciony, old towns and how towns were to bo seen as having been caused by the route of t'to railway. In regard to the c«al trude« there was an instance at the north that the railway was preferred before water carriage, the coal for shipment at Newcastle being conveyed nlong the banks of the Hunter River in trains. He supposed, however, that the Govern ment would place the lino and station hero where they would think best, irrespective of whatever people might think. The motion was carried With only one dissen tient. Mr. William Spence -moved—' That, for the reasons sot forth in the foregoing resolution, the Honorable the Minister for Works be respectfully requested to adopt such route for the Illawarra railway as will cause it to junction with the ship ping port of Wollongong, and have the railway station for the town as near to such port as con veniently possible.' He moved tho resolution, as itspoke in general terms of whore the station should be. Perhaps as good a Bite as any for such would be the site of tho present Public School in Crown stieet. If he (Mr. tipence) had his way, he would like the station just in front of his present resi dence (' Ebenezer Cottage') on the Smith estate. Mr. D. A. M'Donald seconded the motion, which was supported by Mr. W. J. Wiseman. Mr. U. Hewlett explained that in advocating a junction of tho railway with Belmore Basin, he wns by no means favorable to the line going to Kiama by Tom Thumb and the Lake. There was an excellent route via Spring Hill and Charcoal to Dapto, as would appear from a survey made in that direction. It would be most undesirable that persons residing in different parts of the district should become little cliques in regard to which way the lino should go. It wns also fortunate that the head of the railway department (Mr. Whitton) was a gentleman who was known to be upright in all his transactions, and would not be influence I in any way to depart from what he considered to be the best route for tho railway. Tno resolution was carried unanimously. Moved by Mr. J. W. Hoskiug, seconded by Mr. A. Lane, and carried unanimously — 'That the resolutions just pa-sad be signed by tho Chairman in his capacity as such and Mayor of Wollongong. and forwarded by him to the Honorable- the Minister fcr Works.' A vote of thanks, moved to the Chairman in very complimentarj' terms by Mr, Hewlett, having been accorded, the meeting terminated. 