Lord Brackenburv : A NOVEL. BY AMELIA B. KDWAEDS, Author of ' Barbara's History,' ' Debenham's Vow,' &c.; CuArTEii XXL— Tue 'Dark-folk.' True to his promise, Lancelot took his guest for a long day's tramp across the moor — along day's tramp meaning a circuit of some twenty miles or so over a bleak, sandy plateau, all furze and heather, with out-croppings of lime stone rock on the higher levels. It was a day such as we get frequently in October, but rarely in mid-November. A brisk north-east wind was blowing. The sky overhead was full of light ; and there was a pleasant scent as of freshly-turned turf upon the air. The moor was wonderfully open, and lonely, and high ; intersected, apparently, by one tolerably good road, from which a rough cart-track diverged occasionally to right or left. A ruined shed, a bit of stone fence, a cultivated patch here and there, a puff of blue smoke in a sheltered hollow faraway, were for miles the only visible £Jctis of human ^Now'andthen they met a sand-carrier trudging beside his laden ass; or an old man stooping under a bundle of furze -^r a horde of shy little flaxen-polled savages beating Susies in quest of a few late blackberries ; but some times OieywU for two or three miles without encountering: E lUore than once, a covey of partridges rose whirring from theheather almost beneath their feet ; and once they saw a j hawk drcUng high against the keen blue overhead. % Once, too, they turned aside at a little farm, crossed a fallow field and came to a bit of marsh- meadow, in one i JoS of which a tiny spring bubbled up through the lush \ grass and slipped away unseen in a channel of its own 1 making. This was the source of the frent. ] At length, mounting continually into a more and more barren region, they came to a group of fantastic rocks ranged in single file along the summit of a solitary ridge. , 'These,' said Lancelot, 'are the 'Wicking btones;' j the Alpine peaks of our North-country Oberland. | 'Wicking?' repeated Cochrane. ....... » Ay— that's one of our old words— 'wicking being supposed to come from the Anglo-Saxon «cwic, or I 'quick' meaning the living, or uncut rock. One hears T plenty of these queer, primitive words here on the moor. -;; But you must do a bit of mountaineering now,, and survey ; the country.' ...,-, , » ; They leaped a fence and made for the rocks, each of \ which had its rude local name— the Castle Stone, the Hog'e ] Back the Mitre Stone, and so on. The Mitre Stone — a peaked and cloven mass lifted high upon a rugged base in which the popular fancy detected some vague resembiance j to a grotesque face — was the highest of the group. In ] a few moments the friends were comfortably seated between i the peaks of the Mitre Stone, enjoying the rest they had so i fairly earned. . A more wild asd solitary eyrie it would have been hard to find south of the Scottish border. The moor was all j around them— one undulating sea of hill and hollow, here ] green with, gorse, there reddened with fast-witnerng ' braken; breaking yonder into crests of barren rock; dipping ? farther away into less sterile levels ; and melting at last into J a blue horizon. j On the one side, a broodina: cloud of very distant smoke j marked the site of the great pottery district; on the other } were visible the massed tree-tops of Brackenbury Park ; 5 while to the north-east, pale and ghost-like, as though | outlined upon the transparent air, towered one solitary peak :l —the Peak of Derbyshire, more than forty miles away. Sign or sound of human toil up here there was none. .,; A forlorn-looking goat was cropping the scant herbage j| round about the Wicking Stones, and a few Bheep were ' scattered over a bare hill-Bide about half-a-inile away ; but $ the6e were the only living things in sight. No moving I figure quickened the waste; no rumble of wheels, no 1 plough-boy's whistle, no homely farm-house sounds stirred J the wide silence. \ Enjoying the rest, the solitude, the far-stretching land- I scape, Lancelot and his friend demolished with dispro- 1 portionate appetite some biscuits and a flask of sherry with .; which Church, the butler, had provided them oa starting. \ ' And now,' said Cochrane, when they had arrived at j the end of this unsubstantial entertainment, ' what about j these good folks whom we have come so high to see? j Where do they live and have their being ? ' j 44 Well, they live here,' replied Lancelot, drily. \ 44 The deuce they do .' Are they cave- dwellers — earth- j burro wers — gno nies ? ' j 'Gnomes, undoubtedly. You see that hollow where i there are some bushes and a fence ? ' i I 44 Yes.' | 'And behind the bushes, a.tbatched roof ? ' j 44 1 see the thatch. I took it for the top of a hay- 1 stack.' j ?? That is the roof which shelters your venerable friend, . % Mr. Isaac Plant. Near it, but lower down, are two or | three more cottages. You can't see them from here. And - over yonder, at the other side of that long hill, there is ?; a whole colony of dark folk. We can go on there by and ! by, if you like; but I think when you have paid your V- respects to those close at hand, your ethnological curiosity e will be sufficiently gratified. They are charming people ; : but a little of them goes a long way.' : 1 44 Do they preserve any tradition of their origin ? Have h they any peculiar manners and customs ? May one question ?'& them freely?' i Lancelot laughed heartily. ;| 44 Manners!' he said. ' My dear fellow, they have no ;/| manners ; and as for their customs, they are moro honoured ? | j in the breach than the observance. You are going to be ^ awfully dcsillmionne. Instead of characters out of ' Tho '- % Talisman' or 4 The Arabian Nights,' be prepared to sec a i brood of lawless settlers just a shade more respectable than i gipsies. Perhaps, after all, they are gipsies whose fore- . 1 fathers happened to take root up here a few centuries back. \ Who knows? We have but a vague oral tradition to show -\ for the Crusading part of the story.' 1 ' Oral tradition, handed down through many generations- * of an ancient family, is not to be despised,' said Cochranc. ?« 44 At all events, I am not disposed to give up my 5 Saracens.' \ ' Your Saracens, anyhow, indulge in a truly Oriental \ passion for colour,' replied Lancelot. 'You will notice | how it breaks out in showy kerchiefs and cheap trinkets, 1 and in the blues and reds with which they make their { hovels gaudy.!' \ They had clambered down by this time from their perch, \\.~ and were sauntering towards the cottages, four of which— i& mere shanties plastered outside with mud — lay snugly '£ hidden away at the bottom of a steep pitch under the Ice of j| the hill. 1 he young men. stood for a inomont on the brink M of the bank above, looking down upon the weed- grown 'a roofs; the patched and broken windows; tho rags hung M out to dry upon the bushes. On a rough bench outside the ^ door of the nearest cottage, there sat an old man intently at 5 1 work upon something which Lancelot's experienced eye at. )'J once recognised as a gin. ^ \ 44There'6 an iniquitous old fox for your'' said he. % 44 And that poulterer at Singleton swears ha has never seen m a feather of a Brackenbury pheasant ! — Hang the cura, 1 how they bark ! I would have liked to .come upon him I unawares. Why, Isaac, man, do you Keep a pack of hounds 1 here?' 1 Mr. Isaac Plant dexterously dropped the gin between hie 1 knees, kicked it under the bench as he rose to his feet, and 1 hurried forward to meet his visitors. 1 41 Eh, Muster Brack'nb'ry, mind the gap, sir — them, 1 stoanes is loose to tread on ! Doon, Snap ! Doon, Growler ! 1 How'd thy noise, or I'll fettle thee ! Beggin' yer pardon, j gentlemen both, but th' doant know no better.' 1 41 Are the poor brutes shut up in that Biack Hole there ?' ? asked Lancelot, pointing to a little boarded shed, with a ? padlocked door, built up against the end of the cottage. I 44 How many of them ? ' j 44 Just three or fowr, Muster Brack'nb'ry, an' th' owd 1 bitch, an' the pups. Tho' be main snug in there, sir.' (1 44 As snug as herrings in a barrel. I should think. -& Where's Sethy M ' Seth's gone to Leek, sir, wi* a few bits o' hardware for ?M sale.' Then, turning to Cochrane, with a scrape and fl a bow : — '4 Coom to see th' pup, sir ? ' -I He was a tall, sallow man, apparently between sixty and 1 seventy, with lank gray h;dr, and quick furtive black eyes. | Round his neck he wore a red woollen scarf, and in his '3f hands he twirled and squeezed a shapeless velveteen cap. J Cochrane expressed his willingness to inspect the said *f pup ; whereupon Plant unlocked the shed- door, plunged in --M his arm, and brought out a very small, fat, bewildered M specimen of the genus bull-dog. ' fl 44 Woant you be pleased t' coom into th' house to look at M un, honourable gentlemen both?' said he, anxiously. m 'Doant 'ee sit thee doon there in the cowd, Muster M Brack'nb'ry, sir. I've a bit o' fire inside.' 1 But Lancelot had purposely seated himself on the bench a just over the gin, and declined to move. The pup, mean- 1 while, being deposited on the ground, was sprawling and j bunking with the helpless gravity incidental to its age and jJ position. -! ' A's a prime little pup a-saver, (1) said the [rat-catcher, M admiringly. ' j 44A'6 the primest little pup as ever I seed or bred — M muzzle's as black's a cwoal. (2) A' cooms on a good stock, if sir. T'owd bitch's the shurtiest (3) beast as iver went on m fower legs. A' sticks at nothin', that bitch. Ud as lief j tackle a boggart (4) as a Christian.' ? 3 1 ' A-saver' — exceedingly. 11 2 'Cwoal' — coal. 3 4* Shurtiest' — most quarrelsome. j 4 ? ? Boggart '—a ghost or bo-jcy. I I To Mr. Horace Cochrane, of the Wax and Wafer Depart m mest, this North Country tongue was about as intelligible I as a Central African dialect. Dimly apprehending, how I ever, that the praiees of the pup were being sung, he I muttered a vaeue assent. That interesting animal, lnean I while, was meandering moonily in the direction of the I ?' A's a bit gloppened, (5) ye see^sir,' ^said Isaac apolo I getically. t . . I Cochrane cast an imploring glance at his friend. I *' Arabic, upon my honour — Arabic of the purest water,' I eaid Brackenbury, answering the mute appeal. I ' How much do you want for him ? ' asked Cochrane, I desperately. 1 Old Isaac picked up the pup ; balanced it in the palm of I his hand as if it were a tennis ball ; opened its mouth ; I pinched its tail ; turned it this way and that ; and finally I put it on its legs again. I ?? Ull be worth a matter o' twenty pun' agin's twoyear I owd,' said he. I ' Then you would do better to keep it.' I «- Mayhappen I woan't live two year, sir. I'm an owd I man, d'ye see !' I ' Which, being translated, means that the pup hasn't had the distemper,' laughed Lancelot. ' Come, Isaac, you musn't be too clever.' ' Eh, Muster Brack'nb'ry, sir; but pups isanesh (6) sort o' beases,(7) and I'd liefer get shut on 'un as inebbe.(8) Thotfs but reason.' Lancelot, meanwhile, to Mr. Plant's evident uneasiness, had picked'up a file that lay at the end of the bench, and was (abBently, as it seemed) trying it upon a piece of old iron hooping. All at once he stopped and pulled out the gin. ' So this is what you were after just now ? ' said he ; ' sharpening the teeth of this infernal machine — which, I see, is of home manufacture.' ' S'elp me, Muster Brack'nb'ry, the gin's not mine, sir ! 'Twas my lad Seth, sir, picked un oop i' the dough, and brought un whoam. I'm an honest man, sir, an' rat eatchin'e my trade, an' I niver set a gin in my loife sin' I ?war a boy an' knowed no better ; an' I wish I mun drop I down dead if thot's not the blessed truth I'm tellin' I you ! ' I Lancelot looked at him, sternly incredulous. I ♦« Now look you here, Isaac,' he said, smashing in the I gin with his heel ; ' if there's a baso thing in this world I which I despise more than all other base thitgs, it's a lie ! I And if there's a cowardly tiling I hate above all other I cowardly things, it's cruelty to dumb creatures. If you I took your gun, and -went out and shot my birds like a man, I I might be angry ; but I wouldn't be hard upon you. But I that you should trap them in a hellish thing that breaks I their legs and holds them alive for hours, and that you I should seek to shield yourself behind a lie — this is what I I cannot forgive. There ! — don't open your lips, or I may be I tempted to say that you shall turn out to-morrow, and I never set foot on these moors again — and if once I say it, I by Heaven ! you'll find I mean it.' I Then, turning to his friend, ' Come, Cochrane,' he said ; I «? you won't care to deal with this chap, I know ; and time's I going.' I They left the rat-catcher standing stock still, his lips I pressed hard together, his bony fingers nervously twisting I and crushing his cap. Seeing them stop at the next cottage, I he clapped the cap on his head ; flung the pup roughly back I into the shed ; picked up the broken gin ; and, muttering to I himself, shambled into his house and bolted the door. i In the next cottage, which stood alone at a distance of I Bomn thirty or forty yards, there lived a family named I Stanway, represented on the present occasion by an un K washed* baby, sprawling and crying on the threshold, a K middle-aged' woman boiling a pot over some sticks on the i hearth, and two slatternly girls, one of whom was making I pillow- lace, and the other sitting idle, with her elbow on 1 the table. The men of the family, consisting of a father I and three sons, were out. I ' Gone t' Mow-Cop arter sand,' explained the mother, I civilly dusting a chair tor ' th' master.' f She was a decent-mannered, untidy body; but the girls I were sullen and uncouth, and never stfrred till roughly I bidden to ♦ ' adoon (9) sitten thar afore th' gentlefolk, an' stay I th' babby a-shroikin '! ' I The young men stayed here but a few minutes— ju6t long 1 enough for Cochrane to note the black hair and eyes and I dusky skins of the inmates. The girls were in rags, and i looked as if their faces had been left unwashed and their ? hair uncombed for a week; yet each wore a string of B coloured beads around her tawny throat. The house was ? just as smart and as squalid. The floor, the windows, the ? furniture, were grimed with dirt ; but the walls, which had K been freshly gone over with some sort of blued whitewash, B and the insido of the door and the window frames, which ? had been painted bright red, were hideously gaudy. ? The two last cottages adjoined each other, being placed H at a somewhat lower level, and fenced iu by a broken ? paling. ? 'No one at home here, I suppose,' said Brackenbury ; I having knocked at the tirst door, and received no answer. ? 'Whereupon a grizzled head, tied up in a 6taring red and B yellow cotton handkerchief, was thrust out of a window in ? the next house, and a shrill voice replied : — ? ' Tho' be ali gone t' Leek horse-fair, an' wunno' be back B afore baggin'-time; (10) but if . . . Eh, to be sure, B 'tis Muster Brackenbury ! ' B ' Gone io Leek, are they ¥ Well, you're at home, Eachol, B at all events ; and,we were coming to see you next. How's ? the grandmother ? ' ' ? She had hurried from the window to the door, aud now B stood curtseying on the threshold— a thin, wiry old woman, E with keen black eyes, and a pleasant smile, and a look of B some intelligence and alertness. E ' Gradely, (11) sir, gradely,' she replied. ' A bit 5 frabbit (12) o' times ; but thot's now't to speak on. Wun 5 yo' be pleased to coom in ? ' R It was tho smallest cottage of the four, but clean and tidy. B The bricked floor was freshly sanded; the furniture was m well rubbed ; the plates on the dresser were scrupulously m clean. A Dutch clock ticked in one corner ; a cat lay curled B up cosily in front of the fire ; while in a big round wicker B chair with capacious anns, there crouched in the ckitnney B corner, blinking, silent, sightless, and bent nearly double, ? a very aged woman wrapped in a comfortable plaid ? shawl. B ' This is old Lois Bailey, of whom you have heard,' ? eaid Lancelot. ' She is supposed to be more than a flj hundred ; but our parish registers, which were never too HJ well kept, 'took no account of the ' moor-folk ' till the B beginning of this present century. She was an old woman, ?J at all events, when my grandfather was a boy.!' Bj ' I'm going on for three-score and ten mysel',' said her 5 grand-daughter, ' an' she war reckoned an ow'd 'ooman, S nigh past child- bearin', when my mother was born. Eh, ? you mun hollo to 'un, but she wunno' take no notice.' BJ ' She's more deaf than when I was here last.' said H Lancelot; having shouted in her ear without eliciting a ? glimmer of recognition. B ' 'Deed, then, I'm none so sure she be deaf at a', Muster B Erack'nb'ry.' B ' But, my good Rachel, she must be deaf, or she would B take some notice when spoken to.' B The woman shook her head. B ' She'll hear a whisper sometimes as well nor 1 do ; an' S allus ^when yer least lookin' for un io be listnen. She be S so ow'd, sir, an' so far away loike,1' she added, with a touch % of unconscious poetry, ' that I've thowt mony times as how X our voices doant allus reach to un.' B ' She must have been bom in the reign of George the m Second,' said Cochrane ; ' in which case, her greatgrand B n?v- er m*$lt have., been a contemporary of Richard the R Third. It reminds one of Walpole's anecdote of the old ?| Countess of Desmond ! ' ' HJ ' She hain't gotten no cares,' continued the grand B JJ2UKnter- ' an' Bh.e sleeps o' nights as peaceful as a babby. i ?f ri8 nobbutj babbies' food she eats, neither — a drop o' broth '- ?§ an' sop, or a mug o* boother-milk ploonger (14) night an' mm mornin'.' ?ft ' That' 8 poor food for a woman of her years,' said Lance Bm j , ' *'*' seai^ J'ou over BOme arrowroot, and a little wine ?B and brandy.' j H ' Thankee kindly. Muster Brack'nb'ry— thof we've still j BB r -ik r. 5 ?? Gloppened '—scared. BB o «CEh' — tender. 7 ' Beasts '—beasts ; generally ?K „. applied to oxen. 8 'Mcbbc'— maybe. mm ?£ Adoon '—have done. 9k ™ Bagein'-time'— Kupper-time. mt \\\ Gredely'— nicely. 12 'Frabbit'— peeriGh. B w , *°^»t '-only. Wk ' Boothcr-iailh plooDger '— water with oatmeal stirred in i'J a drop lefto' the last; an' a power o' good it doon her. Mon I be so bowd as to ax if you've happened o' no news o' my lord?' Lancelot shook his head. 'Eh, then, I'm afeared we'll never see on no more. 'Twar a dree (15) day that he went last beyond seas— -a dree day ior him, and for the poor young leddy that war his sweetheart! ' ' It was a fatal day, Rachel,' said Lancelot, in a low voice. 'He war a' goodness,' continued the woman, heedless of the pain her well-meant lamentations might awaken. ' Ud nowt a spark o' pride about un. Ud sit un doon in a poor mon's cottage, an' listen to's troubles, an' talk to th' chither (16) loike one of our own selves. I well mind the day I last saw un— a bitter snowy day it war, too, an' nigh to gloaming ; an' I war strainin' oop the pitch yonder _wi' a big pailful o' wayter (1?), when my lord cam' oop behind. 4 Here, Rachel,' says he, 'gie meth' pail— I'm better able to carry un nor you are ! ' An' a' whipped un' oop licht as a feattier, an' carried un to th' house door. Eh, then, I little thowt I'd never seeun again ! ' ' That was four years ago, Rachel,— nearly five,' said Lancelot (he had heard this anecdote every time he came to the cottage in the course ot those years) ; and I have given up hope at last.' ' 'Deed, then, hope's hard eno' to gie up when for the corpse lies cowd afore one's eyes,' said Rachel ; ' but it's harder when ther's nowt but sorrow an' waitin' to show for it. An', Muster Brack'nb'ry, yo're not one to tak' comfort in dead mon's shoes.' ' He's no' dead,' said a voice that made them all start ; a voice weak and quavering, but curiously distinct. 'What makes you say that, Lois?' cried Lancelot, rising quickly ana bending over the old woman's chair. ' Why do you say that 'i Do you think my brother lives?' She had all thi6 time been, not only motionless, but ap parentlv unconscious, just breathing feebly, as in a placid sleep ; 'but now, although her chin was still sunk on her breast, her hands were moving vaguely, like the hands of a blind person ; and she was rocking her body feebly to and fro. ' He's no' dead,' she repeated twice or thrice. ' You remember me, Lois? ' said the young man eagerly ' I'm Lancelots-Master Lancelot, you used to call me, years ago, when we first came to Brackenbury. Cuthbert was a young man then, and I was a boy. You were always fond of Cuthbert, you kuow. Poor Cuthbert ! — he's been four years lost, and we've given him up for dead.' ' I'd ha' seen his corpse in my dreams 'gin he war dead,' quavered the old woman. ' l' seed 'em a' — fathers an' sons, generation arter generation. He's no' dead, I tell 'ee —he's no dead !' ' God grant it, Lois ! But do you dream only of the dead ? Do you never dream of the living ?' Her hands dropped on her knees, and she seemed to lapse suddenly back into the old torpor. ' Lois ! Lois ! Listen tome — have you dreamed of him living ? Have you dreamed of him ? Have you seen him ? Answer me, Lois!' ' It ain't o' no good axin' her, Muster Brack'nb'ry,' interposed the granddaughter anxiously. ' She's far away now, an' may happen she 'ont speak again for weeks. The sound o' yer voice in her ear does nowt but mither (18) her.' Chapter XXII.— Mr. Marrables on Umbrellas. ' My dear Miss Vyinifred,' said Mr. Marrables, pulling up sharply in the middle of the road, ' you are the very young lady_ to whom I had promised myself the pleasure of paying a visit. Pray forgive me for not taking off my hat to you. It's all I can do, 'pon my honour, to hold him in with both hands. He's so very fresh, you see ? So— soho, Rory— good Rory ! Charming morning — bright, cold, seasonable. Ten degrees of frost last night, my gardener tells me. And Miss Langtrey — I hope Miss Langtrey is well? For yourself, 1 need not ask so unnecessary a question. You look all health and bright ness — Aurora herself come down for a morning walk along the King's Highway ! You are going from home, I see. May I have the honour of taking yoa anywhere ? ' ' You shall take me back to The Grange, Mr. Marra bles,' replied Winifred, setting down her basket somewhat carefully in the grass by the roadside, and producing a little rosy apple from tho depths of her pocket. ' I was only going to Mrs. Pennefea ther's, and that will do by and-by. Good Rory ! — see how gently he takes it ! He will stand quite still now.' Mr. Marrables shook his head, and protested that Miss Savage must not turn back for him. ''My business,' he said, 'is an affair 'of two minutes. If you will allow me to drive you to The Hermitage, we can despatch it by the way — solviter ambulando, as we say in the classics. Or we can talk it over on this very spot, if you prefer it. Nay, my dear, young lady, you pamper Rory. He's open to any amount of petting and any number of apples — a most unconscionable beast, I assure you.' It need scarcely be said that Mr. Marrables was not Miss Langtrey's lawyer. Although that lady, after her brother'6 death, withdrew her business from the hands of Fawcett and Clarke, whom she profoundly distrusted, she never dreamed of transferring it to a firm which had not only been for two generations identified, with the Brackenbury interests, but had borne a leading part in the ever memorable lawsuit. Yet, notwithstanding that Mr. Marrables had lived his life in the enemy's camp, Miss Langtrey did not personally dislike him. He was, on the contrary, one of the very few people with whom she might be said to 'get on,' quite pleasantly whenever they chanced to meet. As for Winifred and Mr. Marrables, they were the best possible friends. Hers was a dull life, and the little man amused her with his cheery laugh and his inexhaustible flow of chatter. He was, besides, very courteous in his intercourse with ladies, and piqued himself on an antiquated gallantry that never failed to please them. Of course, he was a professed admirer of beauty; and being not only a professed admirer of beauty, but keenly appre ciative of womanly grace and goodness, he was, equally of course, the devoted servant of Miss Savage. ' These apples were for the children,' said Winifred remorsefully, ' and now I have but four left! No, Kory —that was positively the last. Well, if really and truly you don't care about going to The Grange, Mr. Mar rables . . .' ' Really and truly, Miss Winifred, I am glad not to make the little ctitour ! ' ' And if The Hermitage is not out of your way . . .' ' 1 must, in any case, pass the end of the lane.' ' Then as far as the end of the lane, I will gladly take advantage of your kindness. Stay ! I must first give you my basket. Take care ! It is full of eggs.' *' Eggs'r ' said Mr. Marrables, placing it under the seat, and helping Miss Savage into the carriage ; ' it looks like flowers.' ' Flowers above ; eggs below — a combination of poetry and prose. And now, Sir. Marrables, please tell me why you were coming to see me this morning 'i ' ' More, in truth, for the pleasure of paying my respects to you, Miss Savage, than from actual necessity. £ could as well have sent over the same clerk who went to you the other day for your signature ; but I preferred to wait upon you myself — merely, however, to inform you that we have openen an account 'for you at the Old Bank, and that the sum of £12,000 is duly paid in to your credit. Also, I have brought you a cheque-book and a pass-book — two very useful little volumes.' Winifred took them, half shyly. 'A cheque-book?' she sa'id. 'Fancy my having a cheque-book — I who never had any money in my life ! ' ' Everything must have a beginning ; and twelve thou sand pounds is not a bad beginning for so young and fair a capitalist ! ' ' Ah ! but when the mortgage is paid off . . .' Having for the moment forgotten how this matter of tho mortgage had been kept private, she checked herself confusedly. ' Perhaps you did not know there was a mortgage ? ' she said. 'Why, yes — 1 knew there was something of the kind. We lawyers hear most of those things, you know. But, bless me ! mortgages are as common as blackberries. Show me the old property nowadays that is not mort gaged!' ' I am glad you know it,' said Winifred, simply. ' I 15 ?' Dree '— sad. 16 ' Chither' —children. 17 ?? Wayter ' —water. 18 ' Mither '—worry, confuse. i am glad to be able to talk to yon about it. May I ask you one or two questions, Mr. Marrables? ' ^^ ' Mies 'Winifred, you may ask me a thousand. What do you want to know?' ' Well — I have always wanted to know why we ever went to law at all with old Lord Brackenbury's father. To me it has never seemed reasonable. The piece of land on which they found the mine was 6old ana done with, like anv other thing that people Bell. If we sold our family pof traite, and one of them turned out to be a Vandyke or a Holbein, \re should not go to law about it.' ' My dear young lady,' said Mr. Marrables, ' if you ask me many such questions, we shall have to take a driving tour together, in order to give me time enough to answer them. But I will do my best to explain the position though, indeed, it is a matter not only difficult to explain, but difficult to understand when explained. You may, perhaps, have heard of euch a thing as 'an attendant term r ' ' 'Ah, well— an attendant term used to be one of the Btanding mysteries of English law. It was a— a kind of contrivance, whereby jointures and the portions of younger children were secured by the creation of what were called ? terms ' of years — terms of two, three, or even five hundred yeajs. When these terms had served their purpose, instead of being merged in the freehold, they were assigned to separate trustees ' to attend the inheritance ; ' and every time the estate changed hands, whether by devolution or sale, these terms were re-assigned to new trustees, in order to protect the new possessor from any possible flaw in the title. Do you follow me ? ' ' N— no ; not exactly.' ' I should be surprised if you did,' said Mr. Marrables drily. ' To put it differently, then— an * attendant term ' was a kind of legal umbrella which the lawyer held over his client's head : not because it was ever likely to rain ; but in case it could, would, should, or might rain.' ' What an absurd thing ! ' ' Not only absurd, but clumsy— which is worse. How over, this ridiculous contrivance was abolished by Act of Parliament some twenty years a^o — a most sensible measure; the effect of which was as if an Act had been passed providing that umbrellas should be abolished, aud that what had hitherto been called umbrellas should cease to be deemed umbrellas, and should not need to be specially held up ; but should henceforward be held to have the same effect as if they were held up. Well, my dear Miss Winifred, that unlucky bit of land, you see, was sold under the old law, and your great-uncle's solicitor (a most worthy man — I knew him from a boy) neglected to put up the umbrella.' ' And then it rained ? ' ' Precisely — I see you take me this time. Well, now, if that bit of land had been as worthless as it looked, no one would ever have thought of inquiring whether the umbrella had been put up or not. It turned out, however, to be immensely valuable. The late Squire put himself into the hands of Fawcett and Clarke; Fawcett and Clarke, like sharp men of business, found out the omission — and thereby hung the lawsuit. No— no — no .... no thanks. I am only delighted if I have really made it clear to you.' ?' I certainly seem to know more about it than I ever knew before,' said AVinifred hesitatingly. 'Thanks to my story of the umbrella; not my joke, however — oh, dear, no! — I never said anything half so witty.' ' But — but I am afraid I find the joke more difficult than the legal formula.' 'Eh? — you don't mean that? No — no; you don't mean that, my dear Miss Winifred.' ' I know I am very stupid,' said Winifred. ' I would not hear your enemy say so — Hamlet, you know ; Hamlet. But, in truth, an ' attendant term ' would be a tough morsel for Minerva herself. There was some thiug else you wished to ask me.' ' Only about paying off the mortgage. Must I write a cheque for the money ? ' ' You will have to write a cheque in the first instance, undoubtedly ; but your proper course will be to lodge the amount with Miss Langtrey's solicitor, and depute him to settle the matter.' ' My aunt wishes to pay Mr. Fawcett herself,' said Winifred. ' Herself ! How do you mean ? Not personally — argent coinptant ? ' ' Yes, just that — argent comptant,' replied Winifred, laughing. ' I believe she means to take that opportunity of giving Mr. Fawcett what she calls a ' piece of her mind.' ' Mr. Marrables looked aghast. 'A piece of her mind? Gracious heavens! My dear young lady, you must, at all costs, prevent your excellent aunt from doing anything of the kind. To give a lawyer a piece of one's mind is like shaving a tiger, or putting a pinch of salt on an alligator's tail. She would be sure to say something that was actionable. Besides, it is out of the regular course. These things are always done by the law yers. You must positively persuade Miss Langtrey to give up that idea.' 'I will try,' said Winifred; ' but I don't think it will be of much use. No, please, Mr. Marrables, don't turn down, the lane. I would rather walk to tho house.' ? They had reached the top of a lane completely overarched by trees, many of which were yet in russet leaf. A little way down this lane, a hobbled donkey was browsing by the roadside ; and, farther on, a thatched roof peeped above a clump of evergreen bushes. Mr. Marrnbles pulled up; held Rory tightly in hand while Miss Savage alighted ; and gave down her basket. 'You are sure there is nothing else you wished to ask me ¥ ' he said, noting a wistful look in her face. She hesitated. ' I — I suppose I can never gee any money unless I go to the Bank for it — can I ? ' she asked. ' You need not go in person, of course. You will make out a cheque to self or bearer, and send your faithful Reuben to Singleton for the cash.' Still Miss Savage hesitated. 'Do you want any money now — immediately?' asked Mr. Marrables, a light suddenly breaking upon him. ' My dearest young lady, whv did you not tell me that at firet?' ' If— if I had five pounds . . . .' said Winifred, colouring crimson. ' Five pounds ? Why, I have a five pound note in my purse— or, stay, you would prefer gold. 1 wonder if I have five sovereigns.' ' 1 would rather have the note,' she said, eagerly. ' Oh, thank you, Mr. Marrables— how good you are ! I am so glad to have the note. But how shall I repay you?' '* You shall write me a cheque the next time I come to The Grange,' replied the little man, smiling. ' You must wonder why I want all this money ?' ' No, no — 'pon my honour, no ! ' ' It is for a present to— to Mrs. Pennefeather's baby.' ' If I had presumed to hazard a conjecture, Miss Wini fred — which 1 did not,' said Mr. Marrables, courteously, ' I should have been sure that you designed it for some kind and helpful purpose. Will you charge yourself with my best compliments to Miss Langtrey ? Good morning.' He lifted his hat, gave Rory his head, and was gone in a moment. Miss Savage stood for a moment looking after the fast vanishing chaise. She then folded up her five-pound note very small indeed, and hid it in her glove ; turned down the 'lane ; patted the donkey as she went by ; and stopped at a little garden- gate leading to a small white house pleasantly embowered in trees, and almost smothered in ivy. The house was little better than a cottage, and the garden was a regular cottage-garden, closely Btocked with fruits and vegetables, with only a homely flower border at each side of the middle walk. Winifred opened the gate, and went slowly up this walk. There was no sound of life about the place ; no sign of occupation, save j a felt hat and a pair of shears in the porch. Not a dog I barked; not a face appeared at any window. The door stood wide open, showing a little bare passage adorned with a row of pegs and a plentiful litter of hoops, garden- tools, walking-sticks, and umbrellas. Seeing no small hats on the pegs, Miss Savage (familiar with the ways of the little house) concluded that the children were out. So she went straight to the end of the passage, and tapped upon a closed door ; confident that she ? should find Mrs. Pennefeatber at home. 