.;! '.i i'i-." . i ' 1 ., ItBTIiOPOLITAN EOHOE3; ; . nr All OCCASIONAL COBBESPONDKNT. Thi Exhibition has reached tho last throes otnits ekistenoh'ahd wtil eh'oftly erplro as having ran' .its prcsoribed "eqnrse. Al,- though viettbro-l-many of whom havd dot been afforded an opportunity of neelng the show in the height .of ita' bHlllatiby, rind In < iai' young city Uko Molbdurpb;' arid with our Australiap Bbiffihg opflatiooB there era slWnyri hundreds bf subli' to hand —still throng the partly deniided 'courts, the exhibition Is in e state df chaos and will, afford moroiinformation' tothoentei'. prising "bat amatenr shopman1 who' 'wishes to obtain. alwriukle in tho-art Of' packing . twelve cubic feet of goods' in" six feet of space, tbao to'the enquirer 'after, knowledge arid "new ohum" ' who wishes to 'obtain ootpeiidea .of .what; a 'World Fair Waliy meapa..'"Dxhibitors formerly anxious to show, ore now.anxious only to sell,'ahd, in \ '/ppnsequonoo,' :. trade- seems to have had' a "'. 'slight revival ia the metropolis, tho ques- HQn.auxlouely asked being "Will iblrist'F" Of course there is >tbe 'dsUal. bihOunt of rei|pipiqg,i()nd|a. greater, amount of, ' grmrib- lifag!, tor, jjos, there oer;». -two-ppnny- hiilf- penny show, in sppie little up-country town in wUioh "tho. latter wasnotbeard,: audi of doiirep - in - an jinternational Exhibition it WM';bi)ly 'to ;bpiexpeoted«; -.Tbe iunsnpoesi-; fril bxhibiibr has retired into the bo8om_ot his family— if -bp.baapnerrgfumhling . in- conliriorilly, whispering vaguely of hooussed atibo" I ifilAltind1 gjntralyi'aridllki tlie fabled fox loudly asserting that the grapes are very sour. . The> aud06aSful exhibitor, on ithe .other Iband.is iit'poae'o-vtith tlio world and himself, ie unusually benevolent;, aqd, .exhibits an enormous iplaoatd'dabellcd " First, order iof merit, "."while stoutly averring- ;, that .merit .must > work' its . Vvay to ' the front. These ore a few" of 'the' humours of the expiring- show, hut to go. mope into detail -would tax- your spaOe' rind mjr readers' patience. ' 1 . Tbo, Bohooltenchere have something in, tho way of a griovnncd.-but did the' timO oyer-iOxiflt wlien they . had not? If they aire a long-Buffering race they aro not by-'any' rwapp .a; long-silent' race/ ' Oh1 -dear ! no. When one of the -sohoolastio- profession hob a' grievance ho. muet ventilate or " bust." Tncy1 complain , now that ; they are1 -being . . doaortodi'hy itbeir organ The Suhoolmatler, which - might- be more fittingly styled The Inspector, from the manner .in , which it hesmatters with'praiip!,tb6s6 arch-enemies of the oenui Pedagogue. , iTho -teaoluirs eay . they-.hript nnderstand . the prinotplea 01- \- ' political or , BopisI economy involved in eappbrting a jonrnal which, eupports not .them bnt their bitterest ipes lp; return. Tbsrbj pro vrigae- 'rihibpero of a' ' ffnh'sidiSea new journpl- ;tPiflghtv- their ' IratUea if the present Bchoolmaster/iddet J not mend his ways, but as every pnrtioular toaoher has a : pcoiriap ; idea, of rhis 1 own" regarding1 1 the way in which.it shouldihe done, I don't " hungor uffipimitly.ofter ifame'and'caph'to. . , aspire' tb be the pnrtioular man who wUl .' opior for their requlroirierits, oybri- with thp, prosprot'of - a- jgriifato'a ;piero '.subudy.from the thousand and odd hepd toachers of , tho' colony, and thO- ftpbtioiu bf . that, amount from the smsdler fry.i" . > ' i '.'1 And while ori'thb- sUhjebt);'IiPl|y,.ftato that the teachere nsk'likewlse, arid perhaps with a big show, of reason, "What hue become of the Major's, famed new oloaslQ- vuiiuu xueup ij .j ,( cutr huvrf ; i kiauu uuuit rondrooa tdlcs' wore circulated regarding the innovations and splendid ideas whioh . -' wpuld .ohortlj 'bfl formulated1 in the 'tianal legal tore ond'heepmo tho law of the land. It woe a sohetop guaranteed to give abso lute and' unqualified eatisfaotion to the whole teaching fraternity— a stupendons undertaking in oil 'ConsoiOnee— and ' porn- graphs "in the metropolitan dailies periedi- oally, reported , progress; Suddenly Iho whole hrillinnt fabrication sank into oblivion and was heard of, nb inore. Snob of-, thsitoachers as wbro .satisfied with the old method of olassifldation hoped, to obtain additional .beaofits under. 'tho' new, and snoh as were .not. satisflod bailed ' the 8oheme as one whioh might ho hotter, and eohld not possibly,' be worse, hence there was. some dusatiefactiori whon they found it waa likely to "end in smoke." My pri vate opinion— though not- worth's; stupen dous Bum aB things go — is that tho Major's ardour' was 'considerably damped by" tho "Liberal" reverses, and thntno has been unablo to work up suffloient erithusiasm to again tako up tho unfinished task, or por- baps like his illustrious eompaor, for- ' merly of tho railways, ho lias all tho ability , 'j. V to plan without the power to oxcouf o, and naving performed his .share of .tho work — \- tho, planning — leaves tho romaiador to hia successor. May this eaccesser come ' soon ishe humblo wish of your humblo oe> vaut. "Oh I that mine onomy might write a book," said 'soma antiquated philosopher who had . a, yearning for revenge, and a . . desire to Bhine ns on nmatoim critlo. " <'_Oat : Weet," which -meanB in -the "WeBtorn dia- toiotjgepornlly, they formulate this old saying .-into "Oh that mine enemy owned some land, then wonld I, stock it with the bltlsoj'tho air, aliid tile, be act a of (the field . (lie. 'sparrows arid rabbits) rind awpit ;liia ruiri,". ; ' Briefly, ' my(. dear ' readers, , thesis fatritllir ' animals ?'apd - birds ' aro in the westefh 'and sodthefii distriotbof Viotoria becoming a corso:'Worse thari the plagues bf Israel, or the' "Berry blight."- Weekly, daily, yea| eveniTonrlyroro the" societies or philanthropbib , individuals, who intro duced these pest! anathematized as men , who have.dono moro to ruin . their, adopted country than a score of Kelly gongs and Loyal Liberal majorities. Doubtless tho mon who introduced them entertainod the belief that they, wbro doiciga good action, rind .did. nnt consider, that jn,tjiis colony wo hid ' no' Winter sii.bws. 'riurinirig 'foxes, or industrious wose'ols'to throw into tho othor scale. Perhaps those men had tbo approval of' their own 'conscience but 'if: any, iuio ef them hiu now ingenuity. suffioiorit to rid: us of'the plague, ho ceiri connt oh receiving a mrioh more shbstoritial roWard. " ' , ' -Eaoh'tu'emberbf the Ministry is' having hie turn-to bid.for notorioty. First caino' ,t)io pommissioney of Customs, who effected sbmo useful arid desimblo reforms in the shipping, wharf, .and, harbour regulations, ana was 'lauded ' accordingly. Then the. Minister of Riiijways had his' , torn. All honour to them both, say I,1 whether thoy ; bo followers of Graham Berry or Murrny; SiitU, .'provided: tbey'Work liko men. in-1 'stead of raving, like maniacs oa. wo' iiave soon varions Ministers do in the not distant past. Mr. Vule, tbo Attornoy-Genornl, has a great many ' " tarns," as a large number of his political loos regard themaelyes as men with a mission, that mission being to give thp Hun. W. Ml K. a "tnCn" oboiislon- .olly, and, in all truth. they takb'care to ex- eroixe the divine right froely. Briefly; the Attorney-General .It not popular either with friends . or rbes. and. a 'greit piahy. ambng them, ineludiug the servants of Law -Do- pattment, generally, would like very much toS-vy ".Fols Vele. -c ... ..Those who profess an interest- in:. the railway policy, of tho countiy are look ing forward ' to ' the . 'opee'.ng '. of : tho Lancofield railway,- .which .wlil probably take plasq- somewhero about the end of the month, as it is generally oxpeotod that Mr. Patterson .will .then .unfold his so'abme! for inspection, . and most likely approval, by.a oi'iioal pahuo. Soveml of t oo M i ais I ry, and possibly . one or two of the. Oppos!tioa, wi 1 attend and orate, and as the Chief ' Secretary , hoe . before tthis been thawed by . the nbipiiality. of: the r'etriot and rovi .led moro of . hlf toctlcs than was deemed prudent by his friends and supporters at the i me — while , al-o making sdm'ssions which, being.. unduly maguifipd by a." vooal Opposltioa press oansed tho.Houou abla genttemrin a good deal of 'af ter-anrioyauco find . scno o=- ploSniog'Sway— those who -live in' the be'tef thff'jdiere is always something. -of importonco just, about to overitnate/antici- paro a. few probub'o revelations. Sir Bryan p'Logbtoo, " the dark, horse," who is roportod.as..intrigalug - with the. Long- moreum, .Smith Confoio'-ntlon, will,- rv member for'the dlst.iot explain ". the, why and wherefore "of his recent anti-minis- terial transactions, so that . a ; sort -of intercstin'gthreomornered duel is expected. What a frightful sell Jf. after all, this antioipatioutuo pollvtos should be tabooed. And while eri.-.-tbo subject. of pnbllo speaking, one cannot help noticing the ditfoionces existing between tho orations of tho preterit and, past opoohs. Tho re ports fsrnisbed are now ncta,\Uy readable, each orator, having some idea . whioh ,be can faiily. clalm aa h>e own— unimportant though it of tori is— while durlngtho ffttrio.a e " Eleveuth . of (May " and sajuoqitept periods, publio', speakers almoBt without exception said or tried to say , the -paine things, though not always in an intelligible fashion. . Both pnrtios 'trongly tesembled a pack of staghouhds wbe.'when ' a'truatcd' and tried (eider : gives .tongue "invariably-, perpetuate the . st-.aim and., the style in whioh the (egialative - hoafd (.the term need not''neoes'»a'rily 'ho" taken litoraUy) gavS the 'chords' when the leaders struck i the . key-note would' have delighted the lioart bf a hunting , Squire,: if not! unhp-i ' pieqiOtive,pn(ilio .mteHUgSr: A Truly ( " oldi : times are ooariged, old maouere,- gone'" andBerryisiu aa .we knew it with many other Jfnc(eiralrie—- ipqiefjis ead,/. May vit; rest in pen « for even ' its ghost .would; ptovb alnrtiiilg. " '' v"i 