PROF. RICE'S TSRT^UyjfEYTS. On Thursday night and last night Profes sor Bice, whose private exhibition we described in our last issue, appeared at Mechanics' Institute in his varied and inte eating entertainment. Tbe Professor's t speciality is mind-reading, and is he was eminently snrsessfnl, succeeding e •.lynftfrtr evez v izutasce in mti™*tirg titeob ject pictured on the rrmiA of the peaaon , subjecting him to tbe test. Tbe character o the persons who took part in ibis portion o the entertainment forbids all idea of ooQofios d and the tests were so varied anddifficnlt tha tile most sceptical were convinced £hat th nd power oi aimed by the professor is really pos sessed by him. A few instance out of gieat many may be given. A perron atting d in the front of the ball thought of the poli man's helmet at tbe back, send after a ver alight hesitation the Professor led bim down a and placed his hand on the object. Equally g successful was he in the of a coin hidde under the ieg of one of the forms. A quan dong fruit was farretted out<yf a gentleman' r- pocket, and a jug on ite platform was immedi ately detected. But if we dwell further cm this, onr ao&ioe; will be ss Irrpf as- the ente tainment. Suffice it to say tint the Professor's success both bewildered and delighted the audience. We must para by a host of wonderful feats of legerdemain performed b tbe Professor with a neatness and dexterity that ha* never been excelled; his interestin studies and character delineations in. phyidugnoxnv, in order to notice his emphatic co e— demnation of all so-called spiritualistic manifestations and aa performed by all the leading mediums in ail parts of the wurid. His exposures included tbe rope- tying testa of the Davenports and penom of that ilk, and it must be stated th . the feats performed by the Prafeeeor foroat* ere profess to be aided by the spirits. At one sbone those of these noted performers, who moment the doors of tbe c^ba^afe are thrown open, and the Professor is sees loosed and ringing beBs, to. Tbe next moment, on door being closed and re-opened without any perceptible interval^, he is fan^jto be bound tightly with tbe ropes exacdyas a commit a-from tileaudience had arranged tiiam.Tbe or Professor also produces a gliost foam the d cabinet, where he sits bound with, a rape r-tightly round Ms neck, tiedsecurely at th back, and the ends passed through two hole d in tbe cabinet and tiedoutride. Tbe ghost , dad is suet'Ual robes, walks the 6tsge, shak bwidn with persona from, tbe aodifi&s;&, whil all the timethe formof the Professor is sp he paratiy seen, seatnd in his chair. The con ditions under which all this is performed a more stringent than those under which Perry's ghost in Melbourne is exhibited, an yet tbe Professor openly assarts that the whole thing is a trick, and announces bis i feenttaa of exposing the medtuoperviu hB leaves the colony. Altogstha the enter* taintnents are the cheapest and best that have been exhibited in Kyoeton for & long s time. A tD fat-UrW SnSIIgQi- will be foundin our advertising nMnprTy? y E U D M T HTmrmiiama.—The committee of the BaHarat'Agricultural Assoeiiitiaa are much inerased' ai the conduct of the railway traffic department towards their show. They complain not only of chnriiah treatment in the matter of announcing the cheap fares to tile show, bnt of btgndiaiug . at the last by announcing the show aa to be at Egerton instead of Bsllarat. This ws* adding insult to injnry. Cbbxbt.—A match will he played, to-da between the Station mid. Lanriston dutv Kt Lsnristou. The Statino w31.be choMn from —Armsfcroiur, Barrow, Caims, Gov, CattoaS Goodwin, Harper (2), Heron, Kelly, Molyn«anx, BaidE, Thtaascn, Wells (2), and WHb. t. 13m above are requested i at dte Junction comer 1-30 p.m.—The Cmtod Trades -will play a scratch match on Bartiy-flqnare. Sid£0 to be chosen on tiisgiuiiud. PABCQIIBIT.—-The dsbata ontha Ednmtion Commission has been continued all the week in Eariianumtj anfl iVm^ ywfc wmrft.^^ Th feding in favour of the Soreuuiant is s(jwty £. lliwring, aud it ia said that at preKn 63 membsacatL beoounted-os ihesrsiai^and when die division is taken on Wednesday tjse -unnsberis Gicelyto be mnch ^freater. Ai diB y leadingmec have spofasi,bntdiere are several who atnanriolXB to address themselves to tfaf^i n a(,ifm Tax Hansons Banimx:—Mr- G. C. DarbyshitB, r of dm BaflwoySorv^- Depart, ment, is employed in malcxEijg-aczBeomiauanQe of'tfiie proposed routes for- tie railway Hl^lltftllii^ ^ii.TSmi.iyjrto a trial CTmev:. Buiing Ui^paat fmr dayabe baa beea engaged on dw Byneton nrate. fly Professor Bine's egtertaTOmBPtjrin iie rn}iwl^tliTiiiiniM iiiiiiiiandfai^iiiditatgready mduosd. fsnsemi -widt- snuy ajStiasd ;norc3tiee, ^ ^B«±fenhtt»'yiB. be fbond ia on Hr. A. T. fOiat^ irr. A forWnilamat»wn,atBteadiai3iawin, hoialdie pcniiim if 