PICNIC, ENTERTAINMENT, Ac. AT A2T&ASTON.; [From our own GoTsespoadeat.1 Easter Monday m» a red letter day fcpre. The programme of sports provided by the Angaston Park Committee acted like a load stone upon the surrounding population. Old and young for miles round floctad to the park, about fifteen trap loads coming from Kapunda, thoroughly determined to have a day's amuse ment, and most certainly they -were rewarded. The sports were begun by the littler fellows under ten years, who raced 100 yards. Charley Trescowthick came in first and won 5b. 100 yards flat race for boys under IS years. Shaw first; Hodder second. 150 yards fqr lads under 19 years. D. McDonnel first; W. Shannon, second. Banning high jump, this was a splendid contest, finished at 4 ft. 11 in., by — Sum and A. Shannon, Tug of war between six volunteers led -by J• Tales, and six civilians led by J. Perry. The civilians were victorious after a hard fought battle. 440 yards flat race. A. Boberts, firat; D. MoDonnel, second. The three-le'gad raoe was won by P. Hogan and O. Snellgrove. Hurdle race for men, D. McDonnel, firat; A. Shannon, second. Hurdle race for youths. D. McDonnel first; J. Binney second. One mile walking match. M. Shechan, first; P. Hogan. second. Time—8 mm. 10 sec. 150 yards flat race. — Hurn, first; A. Shannon, second. Bioycle race ten times round the ovaL C. Von Bertouch, first; C. Hodder second. This would have been aeloserrafce had not Hodder been upset by a dog, receiving a natty fall. P- liquet kicked the football 51 yards, and won first prize. Hurst won the egg and spoon race. 100 yards blindfold Swards race. Bogers, firat; E. Eoberts, second. The greatest fun was the pig race, bui though his tail was Bhort and greasy he was captured after a smart race by W. Shannon. Running 50 yards, hop50, and crawl 50. J. Binning, first; E. Roberts, second. This contest was very close and exciting. 100 yards flat race. A. Boberts, first; A. Shannon, second. Messrs, Perry and Hill won the quoit match. There was the old favorite Aunt Sally on the ground, and her admirers were very numerous. Seats on the Tope^by Blondia, quoits, croquet, and other games such as two'e-and-three a, kiss-ixi the-ring, &c-;, were well patronized. The creature wants were provided for by HoBt Klotz, while there was also a tea and cottee booth. During the day the Angaston Band dissoursed sweet selections. ^ In the evening the Institute HaU was crammed from stage to doors, with:an audi ence eager to see and hear the efforts of the Kapunda Amateur Dramatic Society. At 7.30 an overture was played m good style by the Angaston BifleBand, after which came the farce " New Lights," m which Mr. Giles deserved great praise for his rendering of Dr. O'Toole. The other characters were also well sn-s'aiM <d. The distribution of prizes won at the sports was here made by J. H. Angas, Esq. This gentleman also gave a valuable silver cup to Mr. D. McDonald, who in the opinion of the judges was the best aU roand athlete on the ground. " Browne the Martyr followed, in which Mr. Nairn's sufferings as the martyr were admirably depicted, while he was supported by a lady amateur, who deserves commendation for her rendering ot Mrs. Browne. Mr. S. Fisher also deserves great praise for the cool and efficient manner in which he took his part. After an interval, " I've eaten my friend" followed, in which Messrs. Giles and Hifcchens were in their element, while Mr. Nairne was at his ease, and Mr. Richards did fairly. The lady amateur , took her .part with great liveliness. The speech, of Henry 5th to his soldiers was recited by Mr. A. Boberts, and won loud applause. Mr. Hitchens' "Lochinvar" was good, but Mr. Giles's " Paddy Dunbar " took the house by storm. The sketch " Toby and the Ghost", came next, and Mr. Nairne as Toby kept the house in a perfect roar with his frights and comicalities. "Votes of thanks were passed to the Kapunda amateurs, the Chairman, and others, which were duly responded to. A ball was afterwards held at Klotze's hotel, and dancing kept up till an early hour. The benefit to the park funds amounted to about £40, a result which reaches far beyond the most sanguine erpecta [ tions. Now about other matters. The cricket club was defeated by the ffindmarsh on Saturday in one innings, much to our sorrow. We hope to have better luck next time. On I the same day the riflemen were defeated by Eiverton. The following are the scores:— I Bivbbton. Angaston, ! Oapt. Bawden ... 62 Surgeon Haywood 64 ; Lieut. Castine ... 60 Lieut. Potter ... 65 Privt. Gurner ... 60 Privt. Bannear ... 68 Privt. Elliott ... 61 Corp. Kelly ... 53 I Corp. Horner ... 64 Corp. Pelton ... 66 Capt. Salter ... 66 Sergt.Holloway... 65 Sergt. Schultz ... 55 Corp. Niquet ... 52 Corp. Yates ... 63 Corp. Clarke ... 51 Privt. C. Yates... 51 Privt. F. Yates... 61 Privt. Smith ... 41 Privt. Plush ... 39 Grand total ...623 Grand total ...544 The score of the Rivertons is one of which they may feel proud. An average of 62 per man for 10 men, and 7 shots each, has not been, we think, sarpassed by any company in the colony. Lieutenant Kealley acted as umpire at Angaston for Rivorton. 