The Eevised New Testament. LECTURE BY DR. MOOEHOUSE The Sandhurst correspondent of the Melbourne Argus reports that the Right Ear. Dr. Moorhoase. Bishop of Melbourne, delivered a lecture on ' The Doctrinal Effect's of the New Version of the New Tes tament,' on Wednesday evening, at St. PauTu schoolroom, Sandhurst, to an audience numbering about S00 people. The lectnrer was listened to with Drofound attention. The Rev. Canon M'Callooh occupied the chair. Dr. Moorhonse remarked that he had not undertaken the task at this particular time to criticise the scholarship of those who had been entrusted with the work of re« vision — for, considering' the company engaged, no one could venture on that. The title of tho lecture should have been ' The Drift or Tendenoy of the New Version,' but he waa afraid this title might mislead some of them, and that they might imagine he meant that there was a drift in the minds of the translators. This would be wrong as there was not the ghost of a drift. He (Dr. Moor house) had taken some little pains with this new ver sion. Some people picked ont favourite passages, and condemned them. He had read the whole .of tbe new version, but as time would not permit, he would only select a few of tke passages by way of illustra tion. In the fifth chapter of Matthew, the 22nd verse, tbe words ' hell fire' were changed to ' hell of fire.' The translators appeared to be a little timid and conservative, but this waa excusable when the mature of the book they were engaged on was considered, and the wonder was they were not more conservative. He thought the word 'hell' snouianov nave oeea isitm tne version, uni inn tne Greek word in the margin, ' Gehenna,' should have been used. The passage was symbolical, and Christ was not talking of the visible realistic, but the sym bolic realistic. Again, in the 24th chapter of Matthew, 51st verse, the language which describes the future punishment was purely symbolical. The Apocalypse was also symbolical. In the 16th chapter of Revelation, 7th verse, the words, ' And I heard the altar Baying,' ocours. The words ' Another ont of ' were omitted is the oldest and most faithful manuscripts. Every one, of course, must know that the altar did not speak, and that passage also was sym bolical. The word 'eternal' was rendered 'unto the apes,' and it depended on the context whether 'unto the ages' meant for ever or an indefinite time. The word 'eternal' was oh*nged in Luke xi. 18\. In the last verse of Jucle the word ' evermore' oeonrred — the only place in the Testament — and there it meant all time. It was interesting to note that the word ' everlasting' was always translated as ' eternal' in the new version. Eternal related to etas — age, the same as in the Greek translation. In Titos ii. 2 the word 'eternal' showed tke time was cyclical. God gave a certain eyBtem for a time, and then this would pass away and give place to another progression. The word 'damnation' was entirely exclued, and very pro perly so toe. The meaning of the word kad become changed, and was made to mean everlasting condem nation, and had therefore been abolished. In Romans xiv. 23. it waa rendered, ' He that donbtetb. is con demned.' In Corinthians, chapter x, 29th verse, where tne passage relative to eating and drinking unworthily of the body and blood of Christ ocours, the word 'damnation' had been removed anc ' judgment ' substituted. This was simply a tem poral punishment ; there was only a slight reference to probation after death in the Testament, the parable of Dives and Lazarus being the only passage in which it was referred to in detail. In every catastrophe numbers must perish whose pro* that heathens and others like them had completed their moral and Spiritual probation when the aoci dent of death completed their existence? It was impossible to believe it in the old fashion. They had to refer them to the covenant mereies of God. The 10th verse of the 1st chapter of Ephesians was also greatly ohanged, and it now told them that Christ came into tnis world and took onr flesh that he should so improve the minds of all that they should reflect His beautiful image, and sum up all things in Christ. In the 19th verse, 5th chapter of Romans, the article ' the ' was inserted, and the words 'the many' meant the whole mass of humanity, whieh brought them to the conclusion that God'a love was universal. In James ii., 14, the word 'faith' oeours. There was no doubt faith eoald save; but a man having faith who hath not works also eould not be saved, and this was borne out in the new translation. After some refersnoe te the insertion of the word 'the' in several places, the lecturer said that the new version accentuated wonderfully the value of the spiritual in religion. There was a great change noticeable ia John v., where the whole of the whole fourth vene which related to the angel of the Lord troubling the waters of a certain pool was omitted. This passage did not exist in the ancient version, and its omission was the weloome removal of a burden. He said tkiB, aot because he did not believe in tke miraonlons. for Jeans Christ was the greatest miracle, but this was a miraeleof apeeuliar oharaeter. Several other expres sions used in the oldvereion had disappeared altoge ther. There were some who were in the habit of making muoh of conversion in their preaehi&g.; There were only two passages in whioh this favourite word 'conversion' now oeonrred— in the Aota and in James. The word really meant turning good to evil, or evil to good, and it was now rendered ' turned.' Exeapt ye tarn ye shall in no wise enter the kingdom of heaven; exaept ye tnrn and become truthfully independent, like little children, ye shall not find the kingdom of heaven. The turning from wilfulness to dependenoe was iror* perfeot when it was done slowly and silent!- than whea done suddenly and rapidly. The net result «f the work was a drift or tendency to oWiterate the Bterner statements of the old version. The alterations were not made capri ciously, sor had any effort been made to adapt ttoe text either t» the supposed historical neoessinoa of the first ©emtury, or to the beliefs and specula tions of the nineteenth century. If any ohange had been made ia the text, it waa made on the sntkoritv of more ancient and . reliable nuwseripts ana versions, and compelled by the demands of a more aosurate soholarship. The new venion was a .thoroughly tamest one, and this being the cms it was sursly very I»W*»tinc to «b«arve ttat *hc drift of changes coincided with tne drift of modern thought. It proved, with all its faults, tbat the drift of modern thought was healthy and truthful. In this case it was to be hoped all men would be sincere, and scien tists and theologians by enlarging knowledge would lead to the increase of faith — a faith which is made all the mere confident and assured quite as much by what it loses as by what it gains. (Load and prslonged applause.) The lecture wos listened to most attentively throughout, and the Bishop was accorded a vote of thanks, which was moved by the Rev. Dr. Nish, sesonded by the Rev. Mr. Carlisle, and carried by acclamation. 