TRAVELS THROUGH IRELAND. £Bx Eiujr oo Bsaoh] No. VL—4.T A WAKE. : The opportunities which are afforded Irish' men of being: happy and gay at either a birth or a marriage do not-seem-to be'lessened iaany way oqthe occasion of a death. The custom that -has prevailed for ages of holding a waks over a deceased person, although^ frequently preaefaed against, does not appear to be f allingoff very muehj'but the pendeioos habits that used to lie mdulgedin will in aU probability be fully ewejrt away ih oourse of time. The idea of living s' toipn rione in n'ra&m; is repuguaut to the majority of Irishmen,'and so long as that feeling exists sO long will waker be lield, though no doubt in an altered asd improved : form. It is not <0 besupposed tfaatftherefalriinsattempted hare taken deep not: There are pfrts of Ireland where wakes are still-carried ^aawith all -their original rites and ceremonies, juad -wbere one ia \- held: in- which the population ir-tsonhposed in 'pa^t of those who speak -the Irish or Oeltio who can' therefore detail storiea Of superirtitioh'with that-apparent truthfalaeas ihat fs their-^distihguishiiig 'characteristi^ it is largely «tteoided, : --nany -people coining for miles around, to pay their respeots to the deceased; Tfee time H^dfead l»dyts-fcept ia a house is usually two days. £f a person should die early in -the imorning he is kept in the hcuse the same number of nights as irhedied an hour before dark,-and thtraj^i he would tiierefore be ^x>at three dajs in s dwelling the custom is seldom altered—a : fact which- invariably gives general satisfaction.' This habit Of keeping a body two nights varies the'attendance of the peiople; for shonld one person meet another who baa not 'been at the wake' the first night, and describes to timthat lt was a " grand" One— that' ifl.- vheio -plenty whisky, pipea, and tobaccowe distributed—the individual who has not been present immediately expresses his soSrow and'regrel for not haying attended to "pay -bis respects to the dereased. abd as -if to make amends for his-' neglect he details the tiews to several others who have been as negligent as himself, and accordingly the aecond night of awake the bouse is crowded to excess. Shcrtdd the reverse be the cas?, however, and the wake be known-tis a " mean" one—that is, when a prohibitory restrictionis placed on the whisky and other commodities—the attendance on the second -night not Only fills oft, bat the fact is published far and wide; much to the detriment of the persons so offending. The matter of notoriety in this respect, therefore, being far from agreeable to the frienda of the deoeaaed, due jcare is taken to teake the wake a success, and the amohritof eatables and drinkables that are : ddnsumed-mast be no slight matter in the oost of a-funeral. Ris not unusual' to see jars and bottles whisky and 'porter and a quantity of baoon and bread laid -down fat -the "poor people", who come to pay their reepeots to4ho deceased,' skd tbe ibduOeuKnt -tiiat is given to indulge in tobacco and''snuff^ must certainly mabe isbmie yoapg feUows try what- S firstpipe is like. Thiin, tn erder 'that plenty «f accommodation l^ay be afforded^to t^ioae who ooine to have a look at the"oo^»e,"the bedy is placed in ttplargestippm-^n the ^^ab, pd the flattering deoeasedls virtaea when living make him appear aa a saint in the.^a~^ a|ayr~T7l|tQiot wish to be irreverent in adyjeuiatks'Ianaymake,or to attempt in any way -to camcatura .the human form divine ;&ut; arhencnehears about* acore of' the ^BOBt inrotorate wdieigoecs ^daolase .that the corpse they are watsfiiBg-7-WhefchaRit-be old or ytmng-ris ^tiie^ariiaM7aneLitiifey Jam ever seen^ ft makes apecaon wUi Jhafcthisfjarticuiar etyle of funereal etiquette .waa -oot^M formaL Howeva, it does not take loog to ^et into ths way of act&« •'pcoppriyf jit a arake. and 1 have nevcr yet inard anyone.say^ theiMsoitwasa hard onetoba leant t. -.' . As-I have said tefore, when.a pmoa- dies it very soon beoomes known for'milwaroand. The first intimation of the fact, is usually observed by theattaching to Ibe door-kna<&er-a; piece of crape tied wi&a; white bow,i$ai tbe putting up of ahuttera by aevencal ahopkeopocaj And when once lhat is noticed the question that seamflto be the prindpal bne Icr ^be day is " Are yoa going to the wkke to-night It, was thoreforQ on being asked a similar, question ou the.dsath of a very old ^inhabitantr Of ab inland town in Ireland that I made up: my mind tojattead his wake, as I had known him foe same 'yean^ At about 7 o'clock—it was- winter , time,> and consequently darkneas- set in -very soon—in company with a few others-1 eatered the " burial-house," aa it is called, and beii^ one of the last to enter X had ample . time to study ths varioos pecnliar phrases used.. One individual, ..who had . a alight. knowledge of Latin, and .who- no doubt was > well aware of the potent obarm sucb :laqgu«ge has for a certain portkra of the Iridi peasantry, as soon as he entered the bouse .delivered a string of quotations in :the aforesaid tongue with such effect that neatly all present thought it .was s prayer for the decea8ed, for when be conoludsd a loud "Amen" was- Aeartily aad derontly uttered. Svery .roqm in the house waa crowded. The body waa laid oat in the centre sf the largest room, and on. one. sida "of the bed was a email table, witb a- namber of candles burning on it, together with' a plate full of snuff; while on the breast of the oorpaea dish of aalt was laid—a oustom. which has prevailed for ages more from habit than anything else, as the aalt is ; supposed - to be an inullible remedy against the evil ^>irits that am said to be homing round thev corpse. The immediate rieinity ot the dead body, however, Is generally a qniat place. People aa a rale not like to do anything: else bnt sit .still and tell •feny after story, and therefore a large- number con gnegate in apoth nr rpom, and there oarry on all kinds of ^ innooept" amnsemen pa topass tha time away. On pexfoas entering the house it was usual for them to^go and ait beside the corpse, but as the room where It was laid out was full of the deoeaaed's Mends -many did not long remain in it. There waa another .apartment, however, where they were not so much under restraint, aod where any amount of eating and drinking was going on. I had followed the custom of sitting a short while in the room. with tha corpse, and waa just entering the apartment where the " fun" was going on, when I notioed an old man, a horse-dealer, following me, and as. soon as he entered the door, after goiiig:thrDugb the usual formalities, said—**I have oome to pay my respects to oceof the ould-aristocracy," and then revoently raiaiugThishatfrom hishead, "may the heavens be his bed.' I'll neither drink nor | smoke out of respect to him." .There were one, or two present, however, who knew the horsedealer's weakness; for despite hia announcement of. becoming temperate out of respect to I tbe.deoeasedhe^Id not hesitate todispose of • fewglaaiua of whisky,and then he commenced a laudatory history of the deoeaaed's- life that only ended when the liquor fully operated. The parties present did not hesitate either to [ play with the horse-dealer. There were pipes, tobaooo, and snnff laid aboat for. every one's [ •ocommodation,*nduthe poor old fellow; over-l come with emotion at the loasof one of the old [ aristoeracy, dosed In his eeot, the : bowl I of - a pipe was filled with •nuffi and being, placed andar bis- aoae . mas- blown I np bis noatrQ*.. The borne dealer, was now I thcro(^Ehlyaioused > Midhelaidhbstidcaround| him with such Cone that ia a few- momenta! thetp waa not a person in-tbe tgoa. As tiiel ** * * * time I who] _ fores I the imtisp doaloi's wrath,and it tooka littls| time toaatiafactorily Mttie jaattw, for those! who received the Uows bdng^made aware of I the trick Oat bad been, played resented thai charge pf beuqt -the peqpfaaton.. of it ButI one individual at laat vdunteered to- sing a I aong, and,as this singer commenced to cuarl bis threat more punch waa landed so and, and| before toe song was finished—it.oonsisted about twenty veises drawled oat in the 1 orthodox wake faahion—amicabil" ' restored, more songs were song, tricks played, aad more punch consumed. Now, at every wake-there Is some particular individual who seems to be " life of the party, and who, despite obstacles at the first 'stet, managea top the people in'rare of laughter night. If remonstzated with his usual ar„ mentls u that if the daoent man ixnr lying do* wero on bis fget again there woidd be no who.' would - enjoy - Mmsdf so 0 welL" boisterous atatetg: bctIts no doubt-soouis q out of place, but should aliy friend of deceased enter the rosnt iriienoe r^gns saw until one, who is an at ^Sie ^business, presses his and every one elseft sorrow sympathy for what has taken' place in peculiar mannta that only Iriahmen can do, 4 when once the ^deceased's merits are ente. upon several otters bear afaaflar tAlmjM - if the dead person's friand ls "soseeptible flattery be orders in more pttn(2i, ana the healths all roond are drank, '-\ 3nditis up 1 a eulogy on tiie faatQy in gener2. At th wake ltm tOludhigto UierewHime pen mato. Hefciinfn^by tte^wtaie SheeJah* gof fhia title . aocountof "•miniiKid 1 doii all the bos the lrjsh word f or a . keepep. one ccidd nufa'l" gg -towpsmiem Be" t«fld of witneiiBed.gti faadHmeti and farfBiai -tbrn'wew'^^ ^ ° inftenmr. 'haunted their n^rf^^^/l WtBt * a heu WBheeUb, 1 «> well, vatber doll, u>& tobit tad then a snore oould be beud from various parts of the room, when Bheelah opened a cupboard, aad taking oat BOOM {mat robbed it with a little aoot Well in his buds, and then proceeded to adorn the countenances of the deepen in sueb] a fantastical fashion that they were the laughing-stock of the otbera present. So make matters wane, the next day was Sunday, and when the embellished OD€» wen going home, ill unoonscious of their condition, they me met by Hie people returning from flatly mast, and ao many remarks were passed on them that they were in anything bat amiable bnmonr when they moed their respective residences. They never thought of looking at each other's faoee, and when they discovered their plight they vowed vengeance en the author of the miachkL However, despite jrhat happened to them they attended the wake the next night, and baring managed to overoome Rneelah by him imbibe a little more liquor than waa good for him, they retained ibe compliment be had paid them. It waa not long after this wake that one was held over poor Bhwiah, for having attended at the death of a friend where "the whisky was as plentiful as water," he drank too roach, mud oa reaching home fell over theatiirs. After having been miased for some days, bis boose was broken into, and there faems found quite dead. Poor fe31oir.be had many faults, but the wit and hnmoor with which be waa endowed made hima general favourite, and to say that he was universally lamented by hia fellow wakegoers would be only paying a slight tribute to his memory. While people were enjoying themselves to full advantage, and the ghost stories were fading detailed ad libitum, an old woman who was sitting in the room with the come came Into the apartment where those inrlinml to be happy were, BDhUtab "May the holy angels have mere? en as. Did yec not hear the banshee ?" It coud easily be wen that this qoestisn pot several mind* 111 at ease, for the opinion prevails among a great many in Ireland that when any person dies, or immediately preceding the death, what is known as the hannhrm comes and •its adjacent to the bouse, and cries in a meat peculiar and plaintive manner. The fan was temporarily suspended, and though every one listened attentively nothing unusual was beard. Still, that the belief is a widespread one there is not a shadow of a doubt, and the declaration of the old woman at the wake X am alluding to that she heard file banshee caused her to be regarded with a feeling of awe.. There are some families in Ireland whom the banshee is supposed to follow, and the fact of their being of long standing i>i the country furthers the belief that it is only they who are thus honoured. It was on this aooonnt that the horse-dealer declared that bis deoeaaeri friend was "one of the enld aristocracy;" and then stories were told about bsnsbww in general and ghosts in particular, which made the time fly so quickly that every ene was surprised when tbey observed the gey dawn stealing in through the windows. The majority present then went home, much pleased that it was daylight; and though several afterwards aomefly told me that tbey bad heard the banshee at the time the old woman came into the room, £ held a different eptnion, as I knew the neighbourhood to be invested with cats of every description, any one of which could >rail and cry in amanner worthy of the mythical banshee. 