MOORE'S pretty simile about the scent of the rose (Slinging to the pieces of the shattered vase, is as illustrative of folly as of love. Vicious mode of thought and language cling to the “liberal” party although it is acatteted and broken up, and we may say Of it, .as Prince Hal said of Palstaff, that it is strange that desire should so far outlive performance. Though its leader, with the usual blun dering into the clutches of his opponents, has taken pains to show that Up tb the present point he and all who have fol lowed his devioUs Ways have been seek ing what they did not want,, the organs of the party cannot wean themselves from the old blustering form of speech; and talk as if the pullers of the puppet strings desired to she them dance after the old,- wild fashion. They are com pelled ‘to admit that their opponents were too much-for them, they know that they attempted all sorts of Utterly hopeless things, they feel all the shame of defeat, and all the humiliation of ignorance exposed and folly made to look foolish, but they cannot refrain from their old acts or escape from their old vices of language. This is greatly to fag regretted by all Who desire to see the affairs of this Colony return to the proper channel of rational and reasonable dis cussion, and to have the intellect of the country applied to the quiet and Wise solution of the problems of public life as they may arise. We know, of course, that the day has long gone by when the strong language and the wild abuse of all who differ with those who set up to be specialliberals would have any marked effect; we know that the public is weary of the empty schemes and stale cries ahont this colony being different from other communities; we know that the rattling of the dry bones neither alarms nor amuses anybody; but still we cannot but regret that there is a "senseless endeavour to keep up old animosities, and to raise the ghosts of departed aims to squeak and gibber in the streets. And, the foolish proceedings are a matter of regret,, not because there is the least danger of those uneasy shadows of a shade having any power. to harm or frighten anybody, but because they indi cate an inability to learn even from experience, which may tend to lessen the interest of the capable and the Intelli gent in the work of reform which all admit to be necessary. Hitherto, many very useful citizens and public men have been the opponents of. the reform move ment, solely because they saw that-it was in the hands of men who knew not what they were doing, and who had got themselves in such . a ter rible muddle of fact and theory as to be alike dangerous, to, them selves and to the community. It Was seen that they were not able to discriminate between reconstruction and destruction," between improvement and overthrow, between the adaptation of our institutions to our' wants and" their degradation, and so the first duty of all good, earnest men was to prove that what was proclaimed to be the desired end was not only absurd but impossible. This ..much has now. been proved to demonstration; : Mr Berry himself has been compelled to admit,- what we have so often said, that the “glorious victories ” were only food for laughter to the other side, and that all the fine talk and loud pseans were but the cries of those who knew not what they did. I We need not trouble ourselves with the I reasons which it , may please him or others to give for the defeat. The work which the constitutional party laid itself out to do has been thoroughly done—so thoroughly, that there is not even a whisper of the old, darling devices by which all was to be settled, and all trouble for the future avoided. We do not expect, of course, that the insolent abusers of all those who saw the end afar off, and who warned the revolutionists of what the result must be, will accept the situation with any depree of satisfaction, for it is not agree able to be tanght by hard knocks, or to to made vrise in spite of ourselves. fatill, -as .the pugilist"comes up smiling after a knock-down, blow, it would be wiser and .more seemly for;the: departed ones to take their “ grnel ” with some show of amiability, and it would tend to make their opponents thinlr them foemen worthy of their steel, and ebgimW some kind of rftfpect fOrtheir if|it the# infelligencß' of thefr learniilg. A' show of moderation and decency in language - help, , t00,.,in some degree- to allay the fearsof those timid, ones who, though hot opposed to rational reform,-- yet< fear that--the- people are unstable and flighty,-and- who are thus led to oppose change on the, ground that there is' no. evidence that-it will be’ brought- about in a Moderate and rational manner* It does not requite touch penetration, surely, to see that the position of the reform question now is one or- a singular character, and that those who really desire to bring reform, about will have to act with great mode ration and with. &. due. tfegard lb the opinions ol all who are concerned in its settlement. The. time for high-faintin' Has gdne. By.. The atmoUry of pqpillar weapons has been iairly exhausted, and it would simply be absurd to attempt any of .the ' old tricks and threats with which such incapable leaders as Mr Berry has prov’edj Used to bb delighted* The iW-wdw Man has - rattled his thunder - box until it has been rattled- to pieces, and nobody is afraid. ; He has, himself, taken up the question with half a heart, and solely in obedience to the dictates, of those whdM he Was Wont to lead. He stood shiver ing on the brink; and has been pushed into the' turbid stream, and gasps out; like the boy who is asked if it M cold; “Oh, no; be-an-ti-ful.” It is how suffi ciently evident that if he is to bring about a settlement of the question at all, it must be with the help of the true reform party, which has hitherto been opposed to him, and solely becatise it saw that he did not know where he wa§ going, and was Woefully ignorant of tfac very things with which he professed to be most familiar.- That party is the cork with whiph he must swim; and; if he ‘casts that off he will sink to his native mad and rise no more, and of him it will be said, once for all, Furious he dives, precipitately dull.; We are inclined to give Mr Berry Credit for seeing this much, and henSe liiS reluctance to tablile tile question of reform,' hence his desire to show that he is all for moderation, hence his wise saws about it being all the same to do nov)r pre cisely whattke constitutional paHyalWays asked for, and doing what the “ liberals" used to be told must be done. But, he is dogged by the past, the chickens keep coming home to roost, and make a loud cackling over the eggs they have not laid, or which Were addled idtig ago, and Mr Betty finds that there is a bitter struggle in his desire to be on with the now before he is off with the old, A somewhat similar- difficulty besets the unhappy journalists whose hard task it is to have to try to reconcile the irreSonoile able, fot they perceive, iu their hazy fashion, that they cannot have Mr Berry as he was and as he is, nor reform as they wanted it and as they are likely to get it, if they get it at all*, So, they discover a sort of divided duty- ahd they declare Mr Berry to be right now, whilst they indulge what passes for their conscience by the use of the old words and phrases, on the principle that if they cannot bite they can bark. It is this; both on their and tHeif leader’s part, which we would earnestly counsel them against. It is a mistake both in tactics and in behaviour, since abuse will' not conceal or repair, defeat* whilst it mak lead some to suppose that those who still talic ferociously are ferocious in their desires, when the fact is, that they will be only too thankful to take from the hands they snapped at any morsel of reform Which toay be giVen to them. It has been wisely said that [.“wits have short Memories and dunces none,’* but we may hope that the past, which has taught great moderation in acts, will have before long its due in fluence on language also* 