THE TURF. THE V.R.C.. AUTUMN MEETING By Beauon. ' If tho meeting which has juat been con cluded, on the Flemington gronnda w not on. titled to be classed with Bomo othora which have preceded it, we may at least ho per mitted to assort that it wm a moat agrotablo one. Thuro was some excellent racing, mi'l in th« ?majority of cMe- the lleUls were wull nrovidoil. It was not freo front troubles, and it mtmlicrcd with its successes tho usunl tlisanioiiitmenU. The tcoulilua c«mc out of the raciii', nnd wcro in no wny iluo to tho management of the course, which was per fect. All through the meuliug tho weather held fine. Uveu tho sU.-u[.lechuse fclronca was run on Imrd Rrmind, instead of through pools of water, which has occurred more than once within our memory, Tho ho com! day opened with a hurdle raco over two milo3, and ended in favor of' President, who . is a very different horse over two miles nnd over three. Monitor, was second and' lllicsua third, the favorite— Sir retcr— heing beaten in tho straight, although ho once got his head in front. When the weights appeared in thu .subscription room there was more noise made over this raco than I care to describe here, beyond stating that the mtut offensive and insulting things wore said of the lundicapper by a portion of tlio ring who have chosen to set themselves up ;n tho true judges and arbi ters of what a li.inilic.ip should be. In their opinion there was nothing in it with a ghost of ii show to win but Sir J.'etcr, or King of Trumps. Tito four-year-old Sir Toter, with 10 st. 7 lb., had beaten President, S st. 10 lb., therefore inu-it do so again, each Icing raised n. stone. That tho dill'creuce in the distances justified tho weights allotted them was con. tillered absurd, and tho=o who had the audacity to state as much were voted interested or insane. Yet in the test the han dienpper proved right, and those persons whom success has made nioro clever than ordinary mortals wero wrong. Monitor was second, imd lihcsus third, followed by the favorite, who:-e brilliancy of pace was tempered by 11 st. 7 lb. ^Discount appeared to me to be too light, and Trump. Card and Ilhcsus require time. Out of I'l subscribers three only ctuuo to the post for that rich stulce known as the Sires' Produce. Tiiis could not, however, bo helped, as both Welcome Jack and 'Liberator wcro unable to run, ?while others considered their clmnce wns very remote. Tlio St. Albans fctnblc declared to win with Koyal Maid, other wise Baltic could luvve cantered iu. Aftor tho race a protest was entered against Royal Maid getting tho stakes by the rider of lihea, who occupied the third pos'.tiou. It 'occurred in thin way : Ualtie on the inside, next the rails, wad nlouc, Koyal Maid being oil tho other side, also next the rails, with Rhea on the inside of her. At the carriage paddock the contest between the two lillics becamo cloao and exciting, Royal Maid not running straight, but edging Iiho.i over to the other oide, which she con tinued to do until they got to Baltic, whose bead was being pulled oil to stop him from first passing the post. On reaching Baltic, Rhoa was sandwiched, and closed out of the race. Tho steward?, however, dismissed the protest, therefore they could not have consi dered Khca'a chance of winning to havo been interfered with. They muy be right, and they may have boon in the best position to judge of the nature of the. interference, but in their decision they were in a very large minority, Tho Corinthian Cup went to Cynic, who won clovorly, tho Karl of Mar gotting second, La 'JVobo running very badly, nnd being no nearer than sixth. Thia was followed by tho Australian Cup, seven runners coming to tho post, and Sweetmeat hardening oycry minute, loaving off at 5 to 4 only against him, whilst Progress was at 2 to 1, tho Adolaido liorso, Tirst Wafer, boing at double tho odds. Sweetmeat was vory fit, nevor before having acquired Bucb. thorough condition. To the eyo Progress was all that could bo desired, although in his preliminary ennter he showed symptoms of soreness. Tho handsome little First Water looked a trifle stout, and few good judges could beliovo that ho would stay with such woll-conditioncd cattle against him. He ib, .however, around barrelled horso, and was better than be looked, as tho result disclosed. In tho ? runniug ho commenced by° laying modestly away. Then ho joined the leaders, hfterwarda'leaving them, and showing them a clean pair of heels for tho remainder of tho journey,' winning very easily, in tho fastest timo yet made over tho distance. Eiohmond and I'irat King taking ono second more to complete tho journey, and not winning with half tho ease that marked the violory of tho son of Fireworks nnd Tho Gem. This is a raro bred horse, Fireworks being by Kolpio out of Gas light, by Sir Hercules, and The Gem by Marlbyrnong out of Chrysolite, by Stoolcwell from Juliet, by Touchstone, which cannot bo beaten by much. The Gem had previously thrown Topaz, now at tho Bttndoora stud, and ?next to him cornea Mr. A. K. i'inlay's fa'lly Tourmaline. First Water is ouo of tho boat ami-truest made hordes I ever Haw, nnd with his high brooding ; should make one of tho best sires iu the colonieB, if removed from tho turf after tho present Reason. When tho horses wero weighed iu, the good folks on tho hill wero loud in dciounciug Mr. Long for keeping Grand Flaneur eo' long iu tho raco without starting, ho being only scratched on the ground prior to tho Cwt race being run ? nnd matters woro not made bolter by Rich mond boiug maidenly struck out, aftor throo p.m., on account of tho ring refusing to lav Ins owner 2000 to 200 against him. As regards Grand Flaneur Mr. Long justiBos his action by stating that, being Interested iu the sucooss ?of Sweetmeat, he was not desirous of starting his colt if Sweetmeat rerauinod well. At tho snmo timo ho objected to scratch his colt until thoroughly fiatialied that itothiug would occur to lulertove with Sweetmeats prospect*. Had bo much beon known a great deal of unploa nantnesa might havo botn avoided. And notwithstanding that Mr. Long in no way exceeded or outraged racing law, wo think it would havo been better, considering the posi tion he holds, had ho lakon tho public a littlo more into his confidence, and given them a reaiou for keeping tho colliu timi-aoe. Thia ih only a revival of tho old ,,,,nm,l whic], hu M oxirted for so many years between ownor, 3 ? raoLhorsoa and the public, and i» mWiS i B bo ono of the most difficult problems to 8i° H at tlio present time, and causes the ohm H again to oion up aa to when a ricoC ? becomes pubbe property. -A* I lmvo ,££??? in racing law Mr. Long ha-r committed I , H wrong. Yet, considering his Bocial nositin B great wealth, and tho reception his hone, hi' H met with on tho Victorian turf, it would W H bi-en a generous and courteous act to W B appeased the public mind by stating to u! M press his intentions as regards Grand V\JZ H for this particular race. It would not ].« H affected .Sweetmeat's price, and it would lm! H saved many money, who are not near cnounh B to the head centre of racing to decipher tk R many mysteries surrounding it. Grand ].'!„„' H has proved such a wonderful colt that inm' BE who rarely bet might havo been disposed tn B risk a wager in his favor, .is much out of com B phment to Ins great power* as si desire to win B money, and the longer his nnmo remained m B the list of starters, tho more did his arlinirPr! B become confirmed in their opinion that ho fl would start. Three weeks ago I cautioned B my readers not' to touch him, circiunstancM B creating a doubt in my mind about his troin- B which daily becamo more strengthened, and B confirmed : though at the same time 1 dij fl not know the owner's reason, as fincc «iven fl for keeping him in the raco. Little \vn' Eaij fl about Richmond's sudden withdrawal, btcitaj fl he was only slightly in favor with the pu1i]fc~ fl and I am not at all satisfied that the demon' H stration made about Grand Flaneur Wiis on fl account of any actual loss the public Jlaj fl suffered, but rather tliat tho exjire-siom fl used were t'.ie result of annoyance uttUc colt's ^m not ruuniiiEr, and the mystery which l,jj fl .surrounded him iu connection with tho race fl Now, what dnen the withdrawal of Itlchniond HI show, when his ownor wants 2000 to 200 H| about liis chance for the race '! Why simply Hj that all the betting dono in the name of fl Richmond ha3 beon false. His owner Imd no' HI backed him. Tho public had not lacked liim ^R yet wngci-fl passed from mouth to mouth until fl the fact would have led us to bslicve Hint he fl was heavily backed. Who backed him if thc fl owner and publio did not '! How did he rrach ^| ii to 1, with a sum of money want, fl ing at ono point more. The whole fl thing shows that the betting mw. fl kot enn be rigged as well as H13 fl miuiiig, corn or any other market, and is only fl discovered afterwards by accident or circmn. B stances. Let it bo remembered I am not ad- fl vocating the cause of those who kcej. Unit HE horses in the race until the last moment aadthen B scratch them, yet am poworlefs to object to it, B and Bee 110 wny to alter it until mi entire- re- B formation of tho turf is brought about. 'J'lio H Grand Stand Stakes showod uswhatagoodhnne H Wellington is when kept within his' dManco, H At 10 at. 2 lb. Savanaka could bo expects.! to H have no show. But at reduced weight3, say nf 21 lb., he might mako a race of it. 'Mnlnlto H cannnt stay, though homay be said to bo inipror- H ing with nge. Tho Fii-st Nursery resulted in H a line race, ondingin favor of Result, by liethm] B Green from Realisation (imp.), by Vespasian, H her dam -Hopeful Duohesa by the Flyin; B Dutchman, out of Espoir by Liverpool, second H to him boing Kohinonr, by Fiscator from fl Topa7., by Fireworks from The Gem, come- H queutly ho is nearly related to First Water on ? tho dam's side, while Fiscator is a reinailalilr B promising young sire by Angler or the Mer(|U» H from Rose do Florence. Greyhound v,vh H third ; she again is by Epigram from llrey- I skin. The latter was a very hot favorite for B this race, but got badly away. I On the third day the Second Nursery fell to H Corocna, 0 St. 2 lb., with Darebin, S st. 12 lb., ? second, and Tourmaline— own sister to 1'irdt H Water— third. Of Coreena little is known, I excepting thai she may have appeared at some I little outside meeting, whoro the doings aro I feldoin or never chronicled. She is by tlio Peer fl from Nevada (imp.), by Pero Gomez from La H Neva, by Slonarque, out of Etoilo du Xord, B by Tho Karon, &o.; Theroforo she is a very I high olaB.s inaro, although tho great dislike to I her Hire caused her to bo knocked down as a I yearling for tho small sum of 70 guineas. I Tourmaline was mada thc favorite, ami I Ko-i-noor and Greyhound were next iu dc- I mand. Darobin, by The Peer from Lurliiie. 1 with 8 st. 12 lb., was aecond, and a splendid I perfonnanco It was, .far outweighing ovcrj. I other in the race. It was run at a fast pace. I Tho Newmarket Handicap came 'noxt, with 1 27 starters, Of theao none looked so well as' I Ursula, Aspon, Terrific and Gonzago, the fiwt , I throe being in the perfection of condition. I Murphy was to havo ridden Terrilic, but it I was arranged before the start that he should I l-e given up to ride Aspen, The lastnamed I scored a very clover win, Waterford coming I next, nnd TeVrifio third. ?' So out of the three I first horses I had placed two, my only reason I for deserting Ursula being on account of her I frnctiousne-iu at tho post, which is very mucli I against her. Tho raco was run in 1 win. 1CJ I sec., which is 1 J sec. faster than last year, and I equals the timo inado by Tom Kirk and I Diomed. Aspen i3 by Askin out of Talkative, I by Talk o' tho Hills, dam Elizabeth by Touch Btono : Terrific being also out of Talkative, I though by Engliah Tim Whiffler, while Water ford come from Tho Marquis and A 1. Gruuil Flnnour cantered home in front of Sweetmeat I nnd J?rogrcB3 for tho Town Plate, in spito of hia penalty of 10 lb., which brought ium within 8 lb. of Sweetmeat. Progress was very sore anil unfit to run. Wellington won the All-aged Stakes, with Baltic second, tho two betweon whom I thought tho lace would lie, although I did not feel quite certain Hint he | conld so easily beat the two-year-old, nn ago vory troublesome over a milo at this lato soawn of the year. Himalaya, who had been taken out of the steeplechase, and his owner forestalled 111 tlio inarket, left it to five runners, of which ono only was fit, and that ono won. The winner. Twilight, is a beautifully made little mare, »u.d a splendid fencer. Sho was nearly down at tho last fenco, through striking; and only re covered by rolling on to Helmet, winch saved her. This is the firaf timo that Helmet lias got round the Flemington courso, consequently this is the only opportunity we lmvo hnrtol gauging his powora ; with thorough condition he would be very hard to beat. He is a Hnm let, while Twilight is by that good bon* Panic. Of all the runners in the threo and . four-year-old handicaps tlip least expected to . win wns the Marchioness, yet bIio mnnnged it, «nd very cleverly too, with tho favorite Oynlo second. Marchioness is by tho I-'»-or-ln-'n Sally Ur.iss by Snowdon from Littlo Ml hy Yuttandou, grand dam Ada' by Pitaford (imp.). Western Princess was third. 