COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, Thursday. The nomination for Carcoar took place to-day, in the presence of about 200 people. The candidates nominated were :-Mr. George Campbell, a well-known resident of the district, and Mr. i. A. Baker, the late representative. Both candidates addressed the electors, and the show oi hands was declared to be in favor of Mr. Campbell. The poll will be taken on December 1. In view of the rapid extension of Sydney and the suburbs in aU directions, the Government have reserved from sale large areas of Crown lands outside the present population, boundary line, which bars conditional purchases. This act of prudent foresight will secure for the Treasury large sums which otherwise would go into the pockets of speculators. . The Orange Slaughtering and Freezing Company will despatch about 5000 carcases of sheep, besides a few cattle, butter, and small goods, in the Orient steamer Cuzco, which sails for London on the 9th prox. The ship is also being supplied with stores by the company. A further shipment will be sent by the next Orient steamer, which will start on January 1. It is probable that a new meat export company will be formed at an early date, several shippers ot meat by the s.s. Cuzco in June last, who have just received their account sales of that consignment, having evinced a disposition to inveBt in the venture. The ship Balaclava, which arrived from Middlesborough to-day, experienced heavy weather on the voyage. She was struck by several enormous seas, one of which carried away her steering gear. She brings 7471 steel rails for the Government. Henry Vincent Harris, the accountant of the Lands Department, appeared at the Water Police Court this morning on a charge of stealing a cheque for £10 belonging to the Government. The Crown Solicitor applied for a remand, as the case was a serious one, and the prisoner had only been arrested the previous afternoon. The prisoner replied that there was no necessity for a postponement, as he would plead guilty. The hearing ol the charge was postponed until Friday. In the action in the Supreme Court brought by Mr. Saudeinan, the official assiguee in the insolvent estate of Mr. G. R. Dibbs, against Mr. Daintry, the insolvent's solicitor, for the recoveiy of £750, arising out of Mr. Dibb's insolvency, a verdict was returned for the plaintiff for the full amount. An action—Tanje v. Vincent—was brought in the Supreme Court to-day to recover damages for the delivery of a shipment of tea in a damaged aud unmarketable condition. The jury found for the plaintiff for the full amount ciaimed— namely, £264. At a meeting of the board of directors of the Sydney Infirmary to-day, the president, Dr. Renwick, explained that after some trouble they had succeeded in getting an Hospital Act passed, which would be of great benefit to the institution. It provided that 10 directors should be elected by the subscribers and 10 should be nominated by the Government. Some discussion ensued as to whether the Government should not be asked to nominate their members before the other 10 were elected, but at the request of Dr. Renwick this was not pressed. SYDNEY, Friday. A deputation waited upon the Minister of Mines this morning, to ask the Government to resume certain laud for the purpose of opening up Goulburn-street as far as Crown-street,- at Surrey- hills, with a view of relieving Oxfordstreet of its present immense traffic. Dr. Renwick Baid he was favorably impressed with the views of the deputation, and promised to bring the matter under the notice of the Cabinet. He thought the Government would entertain the proposal very favorably. Henry Vincent Harris, the late accountant at the Lands Department, appeared on remand at the Water Police Court this morning charged with stealing a cheque for £10, the money of the Government. The case was fully proved against the prisoner, who was committed lor trial. The Crown Solicitor stated that other charges of a similar nature were pending against the prisoner, whose application for bail was refused. During the strong wind which prevailed yesterday morning the cutter Ranger, which was beating from Middle Harbor towards the South Head, laden with timber, sprang a leak. The steamer Victor was signalled for assistance, aud while she was towing the cutter to a place of safety that vessel suddenly went down, leaving her crew of four men struggling in the water. They all got safely on board the Victor. The Orange Slaughtering Company have received advices from London, stating that the balance of the frozen meat sent home by the s.s. Garonne has been sold at 5d. a lb. The manager ol the Port Jackson Steamship Company proceeds to England by the s.8. Sorata, to superintend the building of a new paddle steamer specially intended lor the passenger trade (if Sydney harbor. The boat will be built in the best modern style, and will be capable of steam ing 15 knots per hour. SYDNEY, Saturday. At Darling HarboT this morning, a man named William Crocker, belonging to the ketch Alfred and Edward, lost his life whilst trying to recover his hat, which had blown off into the Witer. SYDNEY, Sunday. There is every prospect of a close contest for the Argyle election between Messrs. Gannon, Ranken, and Haydon. From the receptions Mr. Gannon has met with at his meetings his ulti mate Buccess seems certain. The municipal nominations took place on Saturday. Aldermen Merriman, Palmer, and Carter were re-elected unopposed for their respective wards. The following are the nominations for i the elections which are to be contestedBourke Ward;—John Young, Andrew Irving, j ,'Macquarie Ward—Michael Chapman, Josiah Maaon, Cook Ward—George Withers, George Perry. - Fitzrov Ward—George H'Lean, John Beare, Patrick M'Mabon, George Carter. Dehison Ward—Robt. Fowler, Evan Jones. The match Alberts v. University, for the Hold»- worth-Gariyne Challenge Cnp, was continued on the Association's ground on Saturday. The University completed their second innings for 328 runs. Allen contributed 111; and Jones 107. The Alberts, with 213 to win, have lost four wickets for 107. Massie, not out, 68. Belore the first University wicket fell over 200 runs hadbeen put together. SYDNEY, Monday. The City Corporation have decided to adhere to their resolution that the Government should be required to form the whole of the street whatever its width, where tramways are laid down. As regards George- street west, however, they made an exception, and agreed to pay a proportion of the cost, in accordance with the proposition of the Government. The street will be laid with wooden cubes from kerb to kerb. Archbishop Vaughan is now on a pastoral tour through the southern districts of the colony. There is an angry feeling in the Clarence district on account of the omission of the Clarence and New England Railway from the Government fioancial proposals. The Ministry are accused of breaking their promise. An important mining case, Quail v. Marshall, which relates to Quail's fabulously rich claim at Barmedmau, Temora, has been amicably settled. Very large interests were involved. Mr. C. J. Roberts to-day presented the Corporation of Sydney with an oil painting of Viscount Sydney, after whom the city is named. The picture is the gift of Mr. J. Henniker Heaton. The barque Onsuri, from Melbourne, which entered the HeadB on Saturday in consequence of adveise winds, approached the quarantine station too closely, and ran some risk of being quarantined. She was kept in suspense until yesterday, when the Government medical inspector having pronounced the vessel clean andjiealthy, she was allowed to come up. The overdue barque Michael Hutchinson, bound from London with a general cargo of merchandise, has arrived safely at Newcastle alter a passage of 125 days. Senior-constable Murphy and Constable Nortin apprehended a man named Searle at Yass, on Saturday night, for drunkenness. The prisoner offered a Blight resistance, whereupon Constable Murphy struck him with a loaded whip on the left side of his head, rendering him insensible. Searle has been unconscious ever since, and is now dying. A laudslip occurred to-day at the works on one of the sections of the Nepean Waterworks. A considerable weight of earth fell upon a laborer named J. Brooke, causing severe injuries to hia back, and completely paralysing his lower extremities. The man now lies in the infirmary in a cii'jcal condition. The rainfall of the colony up to the present time has only been 40in., or 6in. below the average. WAGGA WAGGA, Monday. The Wagga Gold Cup for 1882 will be presented by Mr. A. G. Jones. The settling on the late race meeting took place on Saturday. The principal prtze-takers were Mr. W. Forrester, £353 ; Mr. J. Mitchell, £343 ; Mr. H. J. Bowler, £243 ; and Mr. J. Kean, £230. A cruel practical joke is reported to have been played upon a youth who recently, visited Borne country relations in this district. He was taken out opossum-shooting by some of biB young friends, who had previously arranged that one of their number Bhould climb a tree and personate a ghost by covering himself with a sheet. Suddenly the alarm was given, and the conspirators decamped in feigned alarm, they persuading their young guest to fire at the ghost, having previously taken the precaution to see that his gun was only loaded with powder. The ghost descending from the tree, approached the party, and so terrified the lad that he became insensible,- and was fully six weeks before he regained his customary 3 health. SYDNEY, Tuesday. A match was commenced to-day at Orange between the Eleven of England and twenty-two of Orange and the district. The Englishmen won the toss, and went to the wickets. The first four wickets fell for 48 ruus, the innings closing for 199 runs. The twenty-two commenced their innings about half-past five o'clock, and when the stumps were drawn five wickets had fallen lor nine runs. The bowling of Shaw and Bates was very destructive. The team to represent New South Wales in the match to be played with the Eleven of England on December 9, on the Association-ground, Sydney, will be finally selected on Monday next. • James R. Laughton, who was formerly traveller for Messrs. Bickford and Son, of Adelaide, brought an action in the Supreme Court to-day against his late employers for malicious prosecution on an alleged charge of embezzlement. The Attorney-General, on behalf of the defendants, admitted that there was no ground for any charge against the plaintiff, and withdrew all imputa- tions against him. The action was settled by a verdict being entered for the plaintiff for £600. A code of regulations to carry out the interlocking system of signals on the Government railways has been approved of by the Executive Council, and will be brought into operation in the course of a few days. Mr. Denton, the geological lecturer, has pegged out a claim at Temora, and started men to work it until they reach what he says is the teal bottom. . Now that the Barmedman case is settled, several offers have been received from Sydney and Melbourne capitalists to put the property on the market. A Sydney syndicate offers to place the whole of the Barmedmsn-hill claims in one company of £100,000, if the claims are amalga- mated;-' Several "Victorian parties are prospecting the alluvial at -Barmedman. d c Good gold has been obtained in No. 1 Hard to Find claim, Temora. Several Victorians are prospecting for alluvial gold near Jackson's rich claim. Murray and party are washing 100 loads at Bowes. So far it has averaged lfidwt. Bourke's reel is yielding splendid stone. Soma remarkably rich stone was obtained on Satuidiy in the Eanny Parnell claim. On the 17th November, a boy named Albert Bolton, 11 years of age, who was detected placing pieces of stone on the Great Northern Kailway-dine, was found guilty at thg Scone Quarter Sefwom to-day, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment. . -Tne uuiortunate man Searle, who was Btruck by Senior-constable Murphy with a loaded whip at YaBs,. on Saturday night, .for resisting arrest when in a state of drunkenness, died this evening. He never regained consciousness after receiving the blow. Edward Nugent, an inmate of the Infirmary, died to-day whilst undergoing an operation under chloroform. Diphtheria has broken out at Temora. Several deaths have occurred amonc6t children. WILCJJSMA, Tuesday. The escort from Milpariuka brought ISOOuz. ot gold.. The surface water on the diggings has disappeared, and the miners are only getting gold by dry blowing. Large numbers of diggers areleaving.. .. A Chinaman has struck a large supply of splendid water in his garden, at Milparinka, at a depth of 65ru The steamer Corowa, with two barges, started this morning with 400 bales of wool from Wilcannia, and 700 bales from Billilla. Its destination is South Australia. The steamer Kingfisher leaves to-morrow with 450 bales for Echuca. 