JLLLJl Ui-UiLMl JOHN MAEMOJSJ ' THIS HOKIANGA PAKEIIA MAORI. on, I SevBSTt- fitb Ye am is Hew Zealand, tall Eights Hesebvbd. CHAPTER VI. — (Concluded.! In a fortnight the sawyers hnd linisnea tnoir work ashore, a week mora completed the repairs , aboard, and whatever ltttlo trade wo had carried xui being compSeted, the skipper thought Of stand- a a 1M %-» RHMA vneotnrimtn wavrtr JUg OUV W ZVA >t OWH1V mjOHaiWUO other, I had offended the old Ween of our ship, fend he hnd persecuted me with most relentless rnnlicc. Nothing 1'could do vras right j the rope's end was my daily nauce, and complaints about my laziness were continually being carried to the captain. At length one day, Irritated by their rnnstaril recurrence, he said. v;hen another of my misdeeds was laid before him, " String him bp then, add give him n. dozen." Tliis was just' what the bo'sun wanted ; in n trice he strung me trp to the'unast, and u gocrd round dozen I re-i celved, being only released when nearly fainting, v.ith paiutrad shame. Ho had got the best of it just now ; my day of retribution came again. Now, this "method of instructing mo in navigation was bytao moans to my taste, and as two of our men bad absconded the day previous, oonccAlcd, as was thought, in the bush, I imagined I conld emnlatO'thoir example, perhaps to join them. At least, 'I should fust go to the Endeavour, ns she lay nearer on shoie, and . see if I could -'get stowed away there ; if not, !lhe bush it must be. Therefore, waiting my opportunity, ohout'S o'clock one morning'I slipped overboard, and swam noiselessly to the' companion fillip. As I- cams alongside "palling and blowing, thoroughly exhausted with tho long swim, and nlraost inclined to 'give up the business, tho carpenter, who was acting as bo'sun's mate in tho " Endeavour," for tho lime, snvr mo, nnd flung me a rope, by which 1 climbed to tho deck. I told him my story,, and TO DC WHS U uCOBIIv boru OLIt IbllUWi 111 Wlo mil#|#lllij mc quietly along tlia deck to the foc'sle, when the second mato saw us, nnd demanded to know what I wanted there. With my usual readiness I in vented a talcof a morning swim and oxhanBtion j bat tho story would not hold water, and tho captain was informed of my arrival. As soon ns morning broke ho sent over to tho llnrwieh, telling Captain Simmons that I was on board his vessel, nnd about' 9 our skipper came over witli two men to take me back. Reluctantly enough 1 went, ns I knew a flogging was in store for me ; lmt to my surprise the captain only took me into his cabin, nndTOtcd me soundly for my foolharditiess in risking my life thus, telling me I escaped a flogging by liis having discovered many of luo bo'sun's -stories'- to be untrnc. My condition was now better on board, ns I was taken aft and kept under the captain's own eye. My enemy the bo'eun was speechless with rage, yet lie was power less nowto do me harm. About a week-after this the Endeavour sailed, "CaptainWalkcrhaving come on board tho Harwich ana taken a very friendly farewell of our skipper ; nnd n fortnight afterwards we followed suit, going back to our- old cruising ground at the Three. Kings, Tho weather was very uncertain nnd squally, so that we did not sac any whales ; there fore wo stretched over to Norfolk Island, nnd speedily were -busy at work. The'first day we arrived we secured three whales, which wo cut in nnd tried out, tho third day two more, and tho fifth day n'nothor. Then our luck seemed to change, and not a solitary lisli conld wo seo for an entire month. We tried all our former grounds — Ourtis Island, Morcton Bay, Three Kings — to no -purpose ; only when off the East Cape did. wo catch sight of a small whale, which wc scoured, but -only got ono barrel of oil from it. . The weather now began to bo vory stormy, winter was at its depth, and the nir ores piercingly cold. Therefore Captain Simmons concluded to break the cruise, to run for Sydney, dischnrgo bis cargo of oil, and commence -anew. Another considera tion, also, was that several of (lie men were very 111 with-saurvy and dysentery:; in fact, the orew was only at half its ububI complement, therefore the-cry was -"About ship," nnd " Sydney, ho 1" . It was whilst running homo before n fine fresh . breeze, that ono night wo were knocked up by Mr. Hawkins singing out, " Ship on tire on tho weather bow." The shock was oleetricol. Everyone bundled out -of their hnmmocks nnd rushed on deck. 'There on the horizon was a grand and ter rible spectacle. A largo ship was burning from stem to ctern, "lighting up the gloom of the winter's night for.milos around, throwing n deep lurid glare over the inky ocean. The flames wore - bursting up the liatohes, were licking tho masts and spars, were peeping out in little forked tongues through the portholes. Tho captain ordered lights . to be burned at the masthead, blank clinrgcs to be . Bred from tho guns every minute, and the jolly- boat to be manned and to go in senreh of survivors. In an hour our efforts were rewarded by three , boat loads of fear-stricken men boarding ub and asking reception. They informed ns that the burning ship was tho Lady Lucy, from Sydney . to London ; that olio had caught tiro when a week out from a burning candlo falling into nn oil cask, and that over .TP lives had already been lost through the capsicing of two of their boats. Cap tain Simmons made them welcome, nnd n few days after we reached Sydney, where -they were taken in band by the Government and forwarded home . by the next .vessel. Thus ended my voyage in tho Harwich, perhaps the most pleasant of ail ray trips. cllaitkh VII. The three succeeding years — that is, from 1 81 1 .to 1814, whoa I completed my apprenticeship — were the most active I spent in my life. During . the greater. part.of tliem.I was engaged in whaling, , being not three months in Sydney during this time, nnd upon thoir conclusion I web rated as a , first-class seaman. The Hnrwich, on her arrival in Sydney, was . thoroughly overhauled and repaired, was refitted . both in her forecastle and cabin, her -stores were , anew, made up, her crew was again selected, and . after three weeks' stay sho was onoe more ready to sail. There had been so much to do iu the way of . caulking and painting, at which I was kept busily . employed, .that I was unable to get much ashore, although twice or thrico I ran up to my old haunt, The Sailors' Arms, and had a night of it . with my chums. . It was whilst returning from one of my . visits to this grog-shop that I had an adventure which I can never forget. Though 05 . years have come atul gono since then, it is as fresh upon my recollection ns though it happened. yester day. ; I had been on leave ashore ; all our work on . board was done ; the new crew were expected the following day ; only tho captain, males, Jack Greenwood (tho oLhor apprentice), nnd myself were in tho ship. My chums and I bad been playing .cards and drinking rum half the night, nnd it -was in the small hours when I began to return .to tho vessel, then lying at Mr. Campbell's wharf. Although net very steady upon my pins, I was hastening on hoard, since I hnd heard Hint Tommy Tremble, an old mate, who had been missing for some days,, was picked up drowned, and placed on | the Harwich, nnd I wished to get all tho parti- . ciilero from jack before I turned in. When I got on board I could seo no one. It wns Mr. IlawkinB' ..watch, and he Lad gone below, so dreading lest he should see mo in drink nnd knock off my grog for a week, I concluded it was best to turn in, and gel -t.be news in the morning. During the course of the repairs in the foVslo, I had swung my hammock in the .forcbold, and made myself pretty comfort- nblo there. So down the ladder I went alighting to my surprise on a, deal box. However, thinking ono of the men had come aboard, and that his box had been lowered here meantime, I turned in, .and from tho combined influence r.E rum and ex haustion was Boon asleep, although it iliil strike mo there was a peculiar smell about the hold. How long 1 slept 1 know not, cave that white rtarkne-s still reigned I was awakened by a noiso as if scores of hammers wcro ringing o.u anvils at my ours. Now .Juchy Greenwood had been in the habit of playing practical jokes on me, rapping mo " up as if wanted, snid then laughing at mo for my pains. Cmves rttop mid long (lowed from me at this new pi-reo of roguery, nnd lifting a wooden bar ll>ot was at my head, I / sprang from inv hammock and tacit furiously on the bulkhead of tho vessel. The hammering crimed ns if all the anvils had split, li anted footsteps ran along the dec':, and 1 heard .lucky Green wood cry, " Oh Mr. Hawkins, please air. Hawkins, I was just hammering n nail from my shoe over the fore- liold, when Tommy Tumble nuswercd me up tho hatch with tho ghost's rattle. Oehonc, ochono I It's not only oald Ireland us lias the banshee." ducky, it must. i;« recollected, was a strapping ex-convict of loar and twenty, having been transported for sheep- stealing. "Nor.&insc;, Jacky, didn't ye r>.o him picked up and put into tha deal box, ftarA lowered into the forehold. Nonsense, man, ye're dream ing." I heard no more, whatever fctore was said. All my mother's ghastly stories of ghosts and gob lins told to keep tnc abed of "nights came back npor. me. The corpse was hoar me, perhaps, for all l knew, open. Oh, heavens I all was accounted for. With one bound I reached the ladder, np which I flew with a yell that would have im mortalised any Maori that ever lived, and sped towards . tho pair like a ship in fall sail. Thc npparition of a figure tn very scant and airy attire bearing thu3 down on them was sufficient for both. With a horrified ejaculation, " Ob, Lord clivo, here ho is," Jncky cleared bulwarks and ropes into tho water, striking out manfully for the nearest vessel, while Mr. Hawkins, on attempting to follow his example, slipped nnd fell, hnving ovevontually to face the ghost capstan-bar in hand. At any other time tho ridiculous episode would have uckieil me immensely, out i was nuriui- Sttuck at having slept with a corpse, nnd ducking to avoid themnte's blow with the capstan-bar, I seized him fcy the legs, crying : " Help, help, Mr. Hnwkins ; I have been down with the corpse and never knew it was there." _ " Shiver my timbers, and he blowed if it ain't the boy. What in the world have yon been about?" " Oh, Lord keep me, sir, I have been lying with a dead man." Then the ludicrous side of the seeno dawned upon him, and for two or three minutes ho rooked to and fro in a paroxysm of laughter. At length his merriment subsided, and wo could look nbont for ducky, whom after considerable search wo des cried upon the main- yard of tho Pacific brig that lay at a little distance, viewing tho situation with undisguised astonisment. Tho Ghost of Campbell's Wharf was long a source of nmnscmcnt in Sydney nautical circles, 'J'wo days after my episode, our now crew being all told, wo weighed anchor nnd commenced oar second whaling voyage, our destination this time DClog iiuuiiru ju>u. nuui u uuu vnp ui n-n we reached Betsy's Island, where, after an exciting chase, we secured a large sperm whale. Wc next worked np to Slopen Island, there mooring the ship so that wo could conveniently visit Frederick Henry Bay, n noted resort for the " right " whale. Whilst here wo secured five fish in all, giving us a return in oil of about 30 tuns. Besides ourselves there were on the ground nt this time the Active, Captain Johnston, and tho Cumberland, Captain Goodenougli, but they had not as yet been so fortunate as we, nnd we were not disposed to let them into llio secrets we knew. We next tried Storm Bay Passage to no purpose, went -into Port Prince for wood and water, and finally ran for Adventure Bay, where we fell in with a large school of whales. Two boats nt once left tho ship— the one commanded by the captain, tlio other by Mr. Hawkins, and the chase .became HDSOruinjiy cxcmn. vrauuiiuj uiey uu- came specks in the distance, still, however, keeping well in shore, nnd when wo reached thorn, which we did in about an hour's time, wo found they had killed no less than three fish. As night was coming down, and (tho men exhausted with their day's work, we anchored till morning. All night long, on the rooks in towards tlia shore, fires were burning, before which tho natives were sing ing and dancing in nnticipatlon of nn hpproncliing feast of whale's flesh. Next day wo. lit our try- work fires, and fried out the oil from the soft white blubber ; scarcely completed fhis when another school was seen in tho bay, from which we cut out two more prizes, to bo served tho same way as their predecessors. From tliis ground, after wo had cruisod about in vain for n fortnight, wo returned to Storm. Bay passage, and worked slowly up to Ilobnrt Town for wood and water. Van Dicmon's Land, at this time, was just a re production on n smnlter-sente of New South Wales, of which it wns a dependency, not being severed till TKliJ . Discovered by Tasrann in 1 G 12, nnd named by him after Anthony Van Dicmen, Dutch, Governor in the East .Indies, it was formally taken possessifen of by Great Britain in 1803, and a pnnal notttcment founded there in 1804. ilobarb Town, its capital, pleasantly situated on the Der- went, fortunately navigable up to tlio very settle ment, -exhibited the sntno -features ns Sydney did. Life was terribly wild and reckless, the convicts hero were of tho most desperate obarnctor, and order wns only mnintaiuea by summary justice and nn iron hand. Still it is a lovely spot. The soil is rich, the climate splendid, and tho natives are very friendly. Wo were allowed to go ashoro, and fonnd that Hobart 1'nwn grog was the worst that had over been distilled. From here hack to Adventure Bay was our next move, where in a month we caught nnd -tried ont no fewer thnn Hi whales, our fires never being extinguished until wo hnd filled with oil everything in the ship that would hold it, even to-tho washt ubs, which were the perquisites of the sailors. As we had now on boarcf above 200 tuns of oil, wo ki iockcd off whal ing, cleaned up ourjdocks, and sailnd once more for Hobart Town. Here wo remain ed n fortnight, keeping in light roynl style I 'Jhristmas mill Now Year. Ilight royal, did I say 1 — this scarcely expresses it, for evory moth er's son of us were most imperially drunk for tl jo entire week " But the world must bavc an end, and so must n spree." Therefore, on tlio <Cth of , January, 1812, wo stood down Storm Bay, on our w ay to Sydney. A fine run of five days before a fri tsbening wind brought ns, we might say, almost into homo waters, when tlio breeze ohapped round nn d blew right nhead, gradually increasing in violc aice, until it became a severe gale. All we could i !o was to run before it, nnd when it subsided we fou nd ourselves close to tho Bay of Islands. As the weather-did not look promising, Captain '.Walker (determined to lake shelter iiero until wo could with I safety pur sue our journey, so wo run for our accustomed anchorage at To I'ann. (To be eentinued .) 