jittmntokL OUR VICrOBL^N LETTER. FFrom our own Oorrespoadent.l Melbourne, July 9. ' Mr. Berry has folly realised the ancient fable of the demi-god, who gave birth to what eventu ally destroyed him. His political destruction has been compassed by those who have turned out to be more extremely Berryite than Berry himself. If any man is responsible for Miram', Longmore, O'Loghleo, Woods, L. L. Smith, and others of that ilk, it is Mr. Graham Berry. They were bis very creatures until the time came far that reversal which led them in pursuit of their creator like a pack of enraged asd insatiable dogs. That Mr. Berry has been torn in pieces by such political hounds is the natural outcome simply of his own rabid, violent, selfish, and inducrimisating beat. It would be impossible to remember Black 'Wednesday and pity this gentleman, even it a tar more tragic fate had befallen him, and it is hard to see how any sane man who has been familiar with the history of the colony daring the last four yean can be otber tban glad at the prospect of a cessation, however brief, of Berrjiim. Nothing could possibly be more pitiable tban the manner in which the ex- Premier paltered for power. Driven on every side, he fought in a circle, and faced all round, jumping Jim Grow like a marionette, and doiDg to day what he yesterday declared nothing would induce him to do. There was not the shadow of political principle nor of personal consistency. It was from first to last a matter of unblushing compromise and expediency, rendered flagraut by the most naked timeserving end selfisii ,neBB. At one time it was given out ^uthorjtsjtively that the Kefcrm Bill &s; ' amended by the Council wonld be adopted by the Government with * fen- immaterial alterations. Then, in true weathercock fashion, the mot ffordre was that the Bill was to be abandoned altogether, because the U ads of the Corner would have it so; and thin at the lset moment, as quickly as the wind changes from north to south, the Ministry elected to throw themselves into the arms of the Opposition, for the reason simply that these gentlemen, with the assistance of some on the other side would have passed the Bill without them, and so cut the ground from under their feet. Strange as it may seem there are men in the colony who ?peak of 'the magnificent public serviced' which Mr. Berry has rendered to the country, who allude to him as a martyr, and who will do their utmost to rehabilitate him on the pedestal from wfcich he has been eo rudely shaken. The eyes ' of the people,' so called, are even yet so little opened that it is questionable whether a general clec.ion would not send him back to the House with a more compact majority than he has had during the present Parliament. The one thing Umt hel^s him in respect to popular sentiment is the feel ing that he has been betrajed by tbose oE his followers who are disappointed of viace, and who rallied, combined, and plotted in thtt Adullam's cave, the Corner. Messrs. Minims, Longmore and Co. are very virtuou? of course, bat I should think it would be impossible to. find anyone in Victoria simple enough to doubt, that these gentlemen would have remained the stauuebest and most extreme of Berryites if office and pay had been fouud them. Bight or wrong they will be credited with -only one thing— vicdictiveneBS, because, their claimB were overlooked. Mr. Berry has no doubt himself to thank for it to a great extent. The composition cf his last Cabinet was seen by every one to be very injudicious. He woold have done better if he had gone back with the old team entire. Even if this was not practicable— and the Age would have nothing of Ijangmore, nor the House of Woods — the new men could not have been chosen with much worse judgment. Willi&ms; of the mines, a youth in years and a tyro in politics, had just signalised himself by some sh&melets; tergiversa tions: and Clark of the Customs bad not fully cleansed himself from the ill odor of having stigmatised Her Most Gracious Majesty in a manner which brought Mr. ftloodie six hundred miles to administer personal chastisement to him. In addition to this Gaunroo, the retailer of ragtag and Billinegate was made Chairman of Committees,' for ho other conceivable reason than that a pad lock might be put upon his remoraelesn ana vituperative tongue. Good men and true might have been found for these posts, but Mr. Berry preferred to buy off his enemies, in the doing of which, however, he found the only effeot to be that he largely increased both their number and virulence. The debate on the vote of no-confidence was distinguishable for nothing so much as the reti cence of the Opposition. The leaders of that body were obhg«d to announce that tbey could not refuse to go along with the motion without stultifying themselves. They had no confidence iu the Ministry, and they were bound to say as much and to act accordingly, but the talking lay chiefly between the Ministers and their quondam and recal citrant supporters. Sir Bryan O'Loghiev, the mover of the resolution, is not a very good speaker at the best ; and his rather badlycom pacted arguments derived no additional force from the relation in which he had stood tothoee iriiom he now wished to dispossess. His repu tation while in office was that of an extreme Berryite, atd it was known that he would have been Attorney-General of the Administration which he was assailing if Mr. Berry could have been prevailed upon to concede any of the Oatholic claims in respect to education; but what was wanting in the fitness of the man waa more than made up for by the ripeness of the time. The fated hour had come, and Sir Bryan did as well for executioner as »Dy other. Towards the close of the debate, when he saw that policy and putting a face upon it no longer availed him, Mr. Berry became nnwontedJy savage, and struck out from the shoulder in a way which is new to him, excepting when he is on the stump. Some of the corner men, with an inconsistency whioh has met with no explanation — because I appre hend it is not possible— after inveighing in the most positive and trenchant manner against the administration announced their intention to vote with the Ministry, on the ground that bad as they were, they still had a large portion of the Liberal following behind them. Their votes, however, were of ao avail, and I ,-. Berry, knowing this beforehand, turned upuii them with the cavagenesa of a Tartar, denounced them in most unsparing terms, repudiated iheir support, and exclaimed — 'You bvvoorites! you cowards ! you are doing ' this to save your skins; you are afraid of your constituencies, uo over to tne Bide to wnicn you belong, you hypocrites!!' It may be said that this was but a sample of the very plain ; speaking whioh took place between the different camps into whioh the Ziiberal party has been split up in the House. Mr. Vale, the suave, : soft-tongued, and gentle- mannered 'Attorney General, contributed quite a aew feature to the debate. Happening to espy Sir John O'Shanassy , paring fcis finger-nails, with the gentlemanly courtesy which is so prominent a feature with him he eig&seed; the hope *hat Sir John would make himself presentable elsewhere, and not make the House a plaoe in which to clean bis person. It is hard to believe that a man can be ? Attorney-Geueral, and fool enough at the same time to deal in trivial but irrita ting personalities of this sort; but the late Attorney-General is a queer compound made up chiefly of a too conscious smartness, an unveiled outspokenness which is meant to stand for honesty — bat some^mes fails of its mark — and an egotism whichMwraimply phenomenal. Sir John was of coarstT giOTlly-exaspermUsd-by the monstrous impertinence, and did not fail-t* show it. He is in no way remarkable that I am aware of for the. biemiances of Ut-V but, he is Sir Oharles Gcahdison himself in comparison with Mr. Vale. Master Punch has seued upon the salient sointe of the incidenMnWmVnner too good to t» lost- -. ? - - fV- , i v-;is.; '??'.v '??'?..? ' '... ?:. ? Sir John, according to newspaper tales, Sat paring tne rims of his finger nails. When Mr, Vale, so nice and refined, Felfrahocked at Sir John's indelicate mind And etartea, and shuddered, and seemed to soopose That aome other night he'd attend to his toes ; And, therefore, in future he hopea he'd think nifeet To dean up his body ere taking his seat. At this E. t. Smith from quietude ceased, And jumped ia bis boots and called Vale a beast,' And the member for Belfast a little bit meeker Got up on his corns, and appealed to the Speaker, The Speaker, with that intellectual grace Which sits on his pale midnight oil-burning face, Ssid how it was conduct improper of Vale's To fix np a grievance with other men's nails ; And Vale then explained that he thought it bat fair That members should not do their toilette work there, And then Mr. Vale, these words having said. Set to for five minutes at scratching his head ! Mr. Berry was not satisfied with the verdict of the House, but tried to force the Governor's hand to appeal to the country. His chief ground was that while members said that Ministers had not the confidence of the House it was certain that the House had not the confi dence of the country. The Governor desired him to put his arguments in writing, but there was bat little of argument bearing upon the question in anything that he had to advance. The whole thing was little better than a farce. Mr. Berry knew beforehand that he had not the ghost of a chance, and the Governor was quite sure that his Premier was the last man for whom a chance would be made. The gist of the Governor's reply was that the Parliament had been in existence bat a brief time, that a dissolution was justifiable only where a ques tion of public policy was pending, that as the Reform Bill had just been passed no suoh ques tion was involved, but a question only of the personnel of the Ministry, which was 'a matter for the judgment of the House. His Excel lenoy regretted — which, by-the-way, he did not, excepting in a sense purely conventional — that he could not accede to the recommendation of his Ministers to dissolve the House. Ob being asked what advice he had to tender as to who should be sent for, Mr. Berry showed some huff, and replied that as the only advice he had to give h*d not been acted upon he bad no further recommendation to make. His Exoellenoy — nnf it i. miiI orlfr.hnnt: 4*nnsnffanLhTA TnlMffivin? &a; to that gentleman's power to form a stable Ministry— sent for Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. About the ability of this gentleman to form a Oabinet there is no doubt, but there is grave doubt whether he can form one that the Houee will accept, or that will hold together for a month. His first step was to offer the Treasnrership to Mr. Hurray Smith, but this was promptly declined to the very thorough satisfaction of the Opposition ; for the leader of that side of the House could not join himself to Sir Bryan except ing as Premier without tackiDg on the entire bod; of the Opposition to Sir Bryan's very small tail. His next step was to ascertain the degree of support tLat Sir John O'rihanassy would give him; but Sir John, although his following is very limited, is in his own estimation such a host in himself, and assumes himself to have such vast prescriptive rights on account of historic political antecedents, that he also could not suffer' Ittmself to be tacked ou for Sir Bryan's convenience. He is one of those who must hold chief place or none ; lacking the for mer, he will wait and see what the composition of the new Ministry is before committing himself. Mr. Longmore and Mr.'Mirams have also been approached on the subject, but just now discre tion is the better part of valor with them. It is all but certain that the latter, who has just assisted to dispossess Mr. Laugridge, his col league for Collingwood, would find himself un ceremoniously ejected if he were to appeal to that constituency. Sir Bryan's only chance eeerus to be with the more moderate and non aggressive men of the secondary degree on both sides of the House. He appears to be tenacious of pre-eminence in the new Cabinet, and none bufejjats^ who Bre needy, or who have their reputation 'to make, are likely at present to join his standard. He cannot be said to have made a good political reputation. His manners in the House are not conciliatory. Ho has quite an average share of the traditional Hibernian simplicity, whlcn tails to seize quickly the precise point in question. He frequently becomes illuminaledon.lyaf.ter having perpetrated his ball and 'put his' foot intoit' He ie absolutely without ^.following, jfor.wben he went from the Ministerial to the Opposition tid« the otber day be did not take a single per son with him. His only hope is in the tolerance ot the' Opposition, but he eau have nothing in cdmmon'fcith them, mat-much as he avowedly de clined to follow the Ministry because they were not ' liberal' enough. He may be said to have, for the nonce, the incongruous support ot the ex treme Corner men and ef the Oppof ition. How he can possibly please them both, or continue to combine their help, is what uo man can see. His Ministry, if he should euceeed in constructing one, will be of an entirely fortuitous character, and its existence a matter of forbearance and accident from day to day. At the date at which I write his Cabinet is but half formed, aud none of the places except that of Premier is definitely alloted. We have been doing onr best to make the young lJrinces feel that we are aa intensely loyal people, and if the Prinoes have not felt that our effusive sen' iment has been embarrass ing, and that less protesting would Lave answered every requisite purpose as well, they must have been both a little obtuse and un commonly long suffering. Their programme, whioh was cut and dried for them, was a very elaborate one, and they must have been heartily 'glad when tbey went on board the Bacchante for the last time. They attended the races at Oaulfield, and baUs at the Town Hall, Mel bourne, at Sandhurst, and at tl.e Government House. At Sandhurst tbey had, of course, to repeat the Moouta ordeal of goiug down a mine, and in sundry other ways daring their stay tbey have hod to undergo an amount of special drill which must be trying to anybody but Princes, and could hardly help being irksome to them. They are said to be very well behaved yonthe ; and some who profess to find the mind's construction iu the face express their satisfac tion at the presumptive elevation of Prince Edward when the remote time lor tbat event shall arrive. De Quincey has an able paper on ' Murder as one cf the fine arte.' We are unfortunately able to furnish an example of murder as a natu ral instinct. A striuige and diabolical tendency has shown itself in a form which it is to be hoped is new, and is certainly appalling. William Henry Hall, of Nflwto«o, a lad of ten years, stands charged -m '. '-.e i-i rdict of a coroners jury with tue wilful murder of Thomas BLok, a bright intelligent uttie Chineeeboy of tbu ageot five. Hall »boc little Hok ia the leg, whether by accident or of design is not quite clear When he bad done this he ran home and asked a little sister of about seven to come and help him blindage the leg. The boy. in making his concession raid,' After I shot him we tied bU^'Ji up, aud Sarah went home. I then cut his throat. I cat his throat with a tablekuife. He was by himself. Ail that Jim djd was to put him ia a waterhole. Jim is an elder brother, about fourteen years of age. The smaller boy tried hard for a longtime to' fasten the guilt upon him, until it was proved that Jim was engaged working with his father at a considerable ois tauce at the time the mnrder wa» jits . t. ~i ated. The horror of the frightful crime teems to culminate in t.lii* attempt on t!-e part of the murderer to inouiuai^ his elder brother. It is all very terrible in l relf, t-at it to perhaps still more terrible for wL&t; ie reveals. The Hall family live within a mile uf a State school, aud within eafry reach of viace^ of worship, but the children appear to have been never inside either school or churcb, excepting in one in stance when one of the boys attended a few times a Sunday-school with the object ot getting placed at an impending picnic the moral neglect lying at the back of the horrible deed is perfectly appalling, aud there is too much reason to fear that it is auv thing but uncommon. What is to be done with the child-murderer now in gaol, no one can tell. It seems impossible to hang a child nice or ten years old, and impossible at the same time, in view of the claims of society, to set such a bloodthirsty young animal at large. Several months have elapsed since the death of Sir Reamond Barry, one of the Judges of the Supreme Court. He stood unimpeachable in his judicial character, but the work which he did outside of his profession in the higher social and scientific walks of life, must have been nearly, if not quite, equal to his labors on the bench. He was a man of much sharp ness, shrewdness, and experience. There were very few who touched life at more points, or that had a larger influence than he with the persons he came into contact with. There has been and can 'be no question as to filling his place quite. The man himself would be re quired over again to do tbat. His seat on the bench remained vacant until a few days ago, '- when Mr. Hartley Williams ? was elevated to that post by the retiring Ministry. The only thing like a demurrer that has been heard in ihe case is that he is if anythiug over young; bat it is qnite ctrtain that ie will mehdjpf tbat ? every day,'and He-is nbtNso very young-either.' It is some time sinoe 'he entered on his fifth . decade^smd sitones foy 4n* ^qmpaEative^avent? ' lity by being very, grey: ' Alexanaer ana Napo -?; ?'- . ?- ; r. '?-? P ???'.',?., leon adbievefl aome of their greatest victories when they were very little mare than half his age. If a man has not the quali fication for suoh a position at forty he is not likely to acquire it in subse quent years. Mr. Williams is son of one of our earliest judges, who recently died in-England, after being two or three yean out of harness. He is a man of good ability, character, and -attainments, ana his good fortune has come to him with the consent of all classes. He is the first judge native to the colony, and who has received his training in it. This sew departure therefore, it may safely be assumed, will be regarded with great interest by the rising gene* ration of colonials. Amongst the vacancies which remain unfilled is that of Agent- General. Professor Pearson was offered this post at the last moment, but declined to accept it. He will not be credited with much virtue for this act of self-denial. The feel ing was so strong against his appointment that be would have been brave to hardihood if he had ventured on accepting it. It should be known tbat he committed the unpardonable offence some time ago, when he, a man of culture, learning aud professional celebrity, and a very pundit amongst freetraders to boot, joined hands with the Radicals of Victoria on the land ques tion, and went boldly over to the camp of the enemy. When be first ventured on a public expression of his heretical views he was head master of the Ladies' Presbyterian College. The wealthy landowners of the Western Distriet and other parts of Victoria were not long in resenting the political independency of the professor, and in a very brief space he was given to understand that he must either cease from politics or vaoate his post He elected to do the latter, and ever since has been a soit of political waiter on Providence, with results that are but barren at the best. In view of his possible appointment some of the strongest things that could well be said about a man's incapacity were stated about him with an iteration whioh meant as much as the terms themselves. His very learning was declared to be a disqualification, in forgetf ulness'of the faot that Bulwer Lytton, Disraeli, and a number of others who have made themselves famous in politics were hardly less famous in the fields of literature. But for a quiet-mannered man, who does not vituperate or call names, who behaves himself with gentlemanly decency in the House, and who seems to aspire only to the reaeonable wish of being let alone in that use of his liberty which is every man's inalienable right. Professor Pearson has enemies who are not less distinguished for their virulence tban their numben, and is at once the best and most badly abused man in Viotoria. Personally he is a most inoffensive gentleman. He is but a moderate Berryite, and does not go with his party independently of rhyme or reason; but tbat he, having at one time stood so high on the other side, should be a Berryite at all, is the damnation. One of the things that ministered to the ex ceptional prosperity of the colony during the last year or two bas been the increased yield of gold, and the consequent aotivity in mining enterprises. Ballarat and Sandhurst in par ticular, the two great gold fields, have taken the lead. At the former place an entirely unlooked-for formation of quartz was discovered. At Sandhurst the increased prosperity has been the result ot the general im provement of the mines. The diamond drill has been brought into use in various places with very advantageous result*. In some instances experiment has not justified the promise. In one instance in particular that I am acquainted with, the drill seemed to pass through small layers of gold at three different levels, at which, when search was made, nothing of consequence was found ; but in general it must be admitted that the drill is a valuable instrument for test ing untried ground. A great spurt haB been given to mining at Stawell during the past few days, by the faot that a large body of stone has been discovered through the use of the drill in one of the old mines, celebrated in time past for richness, at a depth of 1,700 feet. The opinion as to the quality of the stone may be gathered from the faot tbat immediately upon receipt of the news shares went up to nearly four times their previous value. 