A REJJBCTED QUESTION. \--("wangaratta dispatch.) At a meeting of theBeechworth Group of the Municipal Association of Victoria held at Wangaratta on Thursday the business naner contained a proposal from the Beech worth. United Shire Council, which we regret was rejected. It was to the effect that the association should en deavor to get a clause inserted in the Local Government Act empowering local bodies to devote 5 per cent, of their rates towards the development of tlie natural resources of their districts. It may at first sight appear to be a misapplication <if rates ; but on close investigation, the suggestion is not at all objectionable, but the reverse. In such sliires as Beecliworth there i3 not the amount of road-making there once was to absorb tlie rates, and the ratepayers would never miss this trifle, which is very little more than a halfpenny deducted out of every shilling they contri bute in rates, and what i3 road- making hut developing the resources of a district. By prospecting for quartz reefs, for in stance, and so creating labor, you require roads where otherwise there would be no necessity for them ; hut, according to the natural order of things, tlie resources have to a great extent to be proved before fuller development in the shape of road- making is undertaken. What is _ the revenue of Victoria but raies l'aised in a different form ; and why should Parlia ment have the power to vote large amounts to develope gold mining by pros pecting, and agriculture by cutting water- channels like the Broken Creek scheme, and so on, if the principle of allowing local bodies to do the very same thing in a limited way with their own money is wrong ? For our own part, we consider that five per cent, of the rates of mail' local bodies devoted to the development of natural resources would be money far better spent than many large disburse ments appearing annually7 in tlie financial statements : and we regret the proposal of the Beecliworth Council was not approved of at the group meeting on Thursday last. A town may be languishing for want of a little enterprise to develope the natural resources surrounding it, but it is almost an impossibility to get the ratepayers to contribute as they should ; when appealed to in support of any undertaking calcu- lated to benefit the community at large, a few subscribe with a liberality far in excess of their means, while the majority hang back and either do not contribute at all or give so sparingly that ultimate failure haunts the project like a ghost from its inception. This should not be so, especially with owners of property7, as they are the first to reap a direct benefit if new industries spring up, or neglected ones are revived. If the condition of a town improves, empty houses become tenanted, up go rents, new shops and houses are erected, and property that could before scarcely be given away becomes not only saleable, but that at a good figure. Therefore, as property is the first to participate in the benefits of tlie increased prosperity of a place, it should be the first to extend a helping hand to bring that prosperity into existence. And there i3 no means of doing this by which all owners of property can bo made to contribute pro portionately, but by deducting a small per centage of the rates such as the Beecliworth Shire proposed. Of course, abuses might creep iu if there were no check upon the manner in which the money should be laid out, but provision could be made for the sense of tbe ratepayers being taken on such expenditure. As an instance of what can be done for the benefit of a whole community by tbe judicious ex penditure of a small percentage of the rates of a municipality7, we may point to the Wangaratta market. This estab lishment has already paid for the eost of construction indirectly to the ratepayers twenty times over, and v;e can safely affirm that but for tlie Act making pro vision for the Borough Council being at liberty to tap the rnte.s for such expendi ture, there would be no such institution in Wangaratta - to-day as the Monthly Market. The establishment of our mar ket has proved a success, because we are situated in the heart of a rich agricul tural and pastoral district, and buying and selling live stock is our natural spe ciality, and by Act of Parliament we were permitted to devote our rates to developing our resources in this direct ion. The specialty of the Beecliworth Shire is mining ; but unfortunately the Local Government Act, which befriends the agricultural and pastoral interests, does not take the mining interests equally under its sheltering wing. . A Dainty (?) Dish.— We have often heard it said that puppy pie is a much esteemed dish with the almond-eyed denizens- of the Flowery Land, but do not remember any instance in which John Chinaman has feasted on ancient dog and declared it " welly good." However, it would appear from the following story, which has been communicated to us in good faith, that even an aged canine is not distasteful to all palates : — A short time ago an individual, with a countenance the reverse of " child-like and bland," arrived on the Tate tin field, accompanied by a very large dog, and armed with a rifle and revolver. The ruling price for beef at the time was 4d and od per lb, so it cannot be urged that a longing desire for ordinary animal food and inability to obtain it prompted the watlike traveller to sacrifice his four- footed companion in the cause of gastronomy, the more especially as when he perpetrated the savage incident that follows he was regulary employed in one of the claims at a fair rate of wages. But, he it as it may ! — On one calm Sabbath morn, not long past, he whistled to liis dog, which with the characteristic docility and confidence of its species in the human biped, alternately trotted and gambolled beside his master as he leisurely strolled towards an isolated spot at " The Springs," on reaching which he killed, skinned, dressed aud cut up the unsuspect ing quadiuped in a fashion that would have done credit to a professional bntcher, and carefully placing the respective portions of the carcase in a bag, retraced his steps with his burden to tbe camp, and steal thily hung it up in a deserted hut hard by to the one he occupied in con- junction with another man. On the following day he asked for and obtained the loan of a camp oven, in which, with some onions, he baked a portion of the dog, and then partook of it with great gusto, carefully replacing what lie could not eat back in the oven, apparently for another " blow-out" when he should feel inclined. About half of the dog had been eaten when the owner of the oven, requir ing it for his own use, emptied its contents on a dish on the table used by the dog- eater's camp mate aud left. On the return of the latter with the former, his nostriis was assailed by a most indescribable odour, much more pungent than refreshing, and on asking bis companion whether it was " bad" kangaroo that smelt so, was greeted with the sickening reply — "it was mine do"-." We draw the veil over what followed, suffice it to, .say that the dog- eater and the balance' of the defunct bow wow were quickly hurled into space, and we pity the unfortunate being who may incautiously say " dog" in the hearing of the loan occupant of the hut in which the dainty dish was prepared. — " Hodgkinson Miner." 