CRICKET CHATTER. Br Faux. M !uvera of ctlcket who visited the' Sooth Melbourne ground on Saturday to see thei continuation of the match between the ' i j South Melbourne went iaway fl-Ms plTed ^ tk0 batting, bowling, and fielding shown by the representatives of these two clubs. The South, who on the first day had lost nine wickets for 128, on Saturday d u? *bis number, Huttou being sent to the rightabout first ball by Edwards i Though the M.C.C. fellows had 38 runB to vm>e out before they could make a start in their Becond innings, they felt pretty con. I □dent of giving the Southerners a good total to go against, and the result, I am glad to say, quite justified their anticipations. The first man, Alexander, was run out before 10 went up; but after this unfavourable com mencement Edwards and M'Donnell made a capital Btand, and by their free and brilliant play caused the record to improve so rapidly that the M.C.C. supporters were soon in , thorough good heart again. It wasnot until 70 had been telegraphed that a separation took plaoe, and this occurred through a mishap to M 'Donnell, who fell, in the act of running, and failing to pull himself together in time, had the mortification of Beeing the bails lifted. He played a very vigorous game for his con tribution of 84, which included a grand drive for 5, and he gave one chance early in his innings. Edwards and Moule also main tained a lengthened partnership, which was broken by the former being stumped by Blackham off Cooper. The retiring batsman shaped in his best form, but he had a let-off before he bad made a double. The feature of the M.C.C. innings was Moule's splendid innings of 74, made without giving the ghost of a chance. He was loudly applauded for his artistic display. W. M'Evoy had just reached the double when Baker floored him, and the same bowler howled both Vint and B. B. Cooper for a " pair." Vieusseux got 19 by creditable play, and Dickson, in hiB taking style, made 14 not out. With 181 to get to win, the South started their second innings,ana whentbestumps were drawn only one wicket was down for 54, so that now they have 127 to get and nine wickets to fall. The match is thus in a very interesting state, and there will probably be a large attendance to witness the finish to-day. Though the Kew men batted on a beautiful wicket and in charming weather, they fell short by 48 runs of the total of 149 made by the Jolimonters on the previous Saturday, when the wicket was very mnch in favour of the bowler. The Eew supporters were quite disappointed at the poor display of their re presentatives. Swift, who, from hiB recent excelleut exhibition of batting on the M.C.C. ground, was expected to do great things, went off with a very feeble pop after shaping badly for a few overB against the bowling of Boyle and M'Sbane. The former bowler especially had him in a knot, and finally clean-bowled him with a plain straight ball, which the batsman tried to cut Henty, Trumble, Foot, and Gunn were the only bats men who showed anything like good form. Henty wsb just settling down comfortably when Boyle pitched up a dodgy one, which sealed the fate of the young Kew crack, who made a mighty smite at the ball, and, missing it, was clean bowled. Henty batted in neat style for his 16 runs, which included a good bit to long off for 4. Trumble, after contributing 10 by easy and elegant play, described a circle with his bat in play ing at an easy straight ball from M'Shane. Such a mathematical performance in cricket can only have one result, and that is the downfall of the batsman, provided, of course that the ball be straight, as it was in this in stance. Foot, though he had a bad hand, batted vigorously and well for 12 not out; and Gunn composed his score of 13 by true cricket Lineker also scored 13, which included a splendid leg hit, hard, clean, and low, off M'Shane for 4. C. For rester, the Kew skipper, was evidently not at home to M'Shane's bowling, and having added 9 to the score, he, in attempt ing a big hit, was caaght by Hastings at forward cover off the Keilor crack. Boyle was in his best form with the ball, and obtained the capital average of six wickets for 44.: He had a capital length throughout, varied-hie pace well, and scarcely Bent down a loose ball. M'Shane, however, was not in his usual trim, and his four wickets cost him IS rone each. The fielding of the Jolimonters was iri several instances very good, Gordon in particular doing some splendid work at mia-off. O'Hankra at .the wickets was not quite np to the mark, and English missed an easy chance in the long-field, and in attempt ing to take (he ball ne had bis left hand severely split between the thumb and fore finger. English had to retire from the field, i ana the wound, on being examined, was found to be ao bad that stitches were necessary The .East. Melbourne nun in their second innings, have lost six wickets for 117, so that tbpy are now 165 -runs to the good with four wickets- to * fail. Boyle i played a capftol intiimrs'for 41. which included tome telling out with 10 to bis credit Trapp, who made 9, had very bad luck. He played the ball hard had very „ against hisfoot, whence it cannoned back to j the .wicket, and dislodged the balls. The lighifbectme very had towards the. clow of the plavveo b&a.; indeed, that the stumps had to be -drawn a full quarter of an hour before the Jtime appointed by tbe cup rules— nataely, 7 o'clock during December. _ Anyone wlini has watched nffto oMting af tef half-past who has watched nftn batting aiier nau-pae« 6 trill admit that 7 o'clock is decidedly, too late ; that, in fact, batsmen have not a fair I ehbw for the last half hour. I fancy the j majority of onr players are of opinion that these matches should nbt' at any fame be con-I tinned later than balf-pastfi; and it Would be j well, perhaps,- if-the cup committee would ! reconsider this rule and so alter it that there wtylbe.no cause for grumbling in thbfnture. \- iff. -Boyle, the selector of association terns, -baa increased his practice- list during. tht Week, and it now reads M follows:— the Week, aud it now reaos M IWVW Messrs. Allan, Alexander; "Boyle, Bop Baker, Blackham, W. H, Cooper, Coultb Edwards; Groube, Horan, Moule, M'Shane, - McDonnell. Palmer,8light, Stokes. Turner.-' I mill think Trapp ehould bc'induded. fof hit performances last season were first-class; ana this season be has dons nothing to warrant his. exclusion from an 18. Those chosen are requested to meet for .nractice on, the M.C.C. ground on the 15th and 20th, and on the R.M.C.C. ground on the 12th, 21st,. end 22nd inBt. at 4 o'clock sharp each day. Mr. John Conway, agent for the English team, has written to the effect that the eleven have agreed to pay the Victorian Cricketers' Association ffve per cent, on the gross proceeds of their matches against Vic toria. At a meeting of the Victorian Cricketers' Association, held on Wednesday evening at Young and Jackson's Hotel. Messrs. W. EL Cooper, Chuck, Heather, Scott, and Tennent were appointed as a sub-committee to make arrangements for the proper reception of the English Eleven; and at the same meeting the tender of the M.C.C. for the ubo of their ground for. the intercolonial match was accepted, the terms being that the associa tion Bhall get the whole of the ground takings, and the M.C.C. 25 per cent, of the , grand stand. It seems to me that this .1 ib hardly fair towards the M.C.C. Its members have been obliged to incur heavy liabilities in bringing tneir ground to its present state of perfection, and the annual outlay to mainiain it in that state is, and will continue to be, very heavy. It is but right, therefore, that in all these important matches a charge should be made for the use of the ground, and 5 per cent or 10 per cent, on the ground takings ought not to be considered too high. It is trne that the East and Sonth offered their grounds to the association for nothing, but tniB, I submit, should not have induced the M.C.C. committee to make an almost Bimilar offer. Ten per cent., as I have said, is not a bit too high for such a splendid ground, and, I believe, if that had been the offer of the M.C.C., it wonld have been carried by a substantial majority of the association. By cablegram from home we are informed that a programme of 22 lirat-clasB matches has been arranged for the Australian Eleven that will visit England in 1882. The pro gramme contains a match against all Eng land, one with the Gentlemen of England, one with the players of England, one againet each of the Universities of Oxford and Cam bridge, and 17 country matches. It is said the AuBtralianslwill get half the gate-money. In the match, Carlton against Williams town, the latter, who had font wickets down for 16 on the first day, finished their innings for 78, of which J. Onten made 35 by very fair play, C. Parlane coming next with 10, the only other double figure. The Carltonians, much to their surprise, were dismissed for Qn in their Becond innings, Knox (23), Gibbins (15), Browning (14), and Walters (11) being the principal contributors. The Williams town men started their second innings in a bad light, and when time was called five of them had fallen for 49. Coulthard was to the fore on Saturday for a mixed eleven of the M.C.C. against St. Kilda. He made 23 rnns out of a total of 28 realised by the M.C.C. in their second innings, and he took seven wickets for 13 rnns in the Becond innings of St. Kilda, who, thanks to the excellent bowling of Jellard, secured a creditable victory by 12 rnns. In j the second innings of the M.C.C. Jellard took five wickets for 6 rnns, I notice that our old friend Frank Allan, the " bowler of a century," has been about with the leather in WarrnambooL Playing on Saturday last for an eighteen against the firet eleven of the Warrnambool club, Frank in the first innings bowled 67 balls, for 8 runs, 4 maidens, and 8 wickets; and in the second his figures are 54 balls, 10 runs, 4 maidens, 3 wickets. Clearly, this looks something like "form" on the part of our doughty old Scsevola, and I only hope he will exhibit similar good form in the big match at ChriBtmas. For the second eleven of the East against Kew, G. Searcy made the capital score of 101 out of a total of 257. Searcy's score included fonr hits clean out of the ground for 5 each. W. Robertson played a patient innings for 47, and Harry Shee and A. Gregory each a merry one for 45, and 23 respectively. The Kew men so far have lost fonr wickets for 3 runs, Searcy being credited with three for 3, and Caldwell one'for nothing. Owing to the real y good bowling of O'Connor, who took eight wickets at a small cost, the second of the M.C.C. made only 81 against the second of Sonth Melbourne. The latter at call of time bad lost two wickets for 87, of which W. Robertson made 60 by good free play. During the M.C.C. innings Barton made a very hard leg hit, and the ball, striking the umpire, considerably damaged his watch, a handsome gold chronometer. If umpires continue to be treated in this manner, they will soon be at a premium I fancy. The New Sonth Wales intercolonial team will leave for Melbourne overland on the 17th inst. Mr. W. Tobin, of the M.C.C. and Bohemia, arrived in town early this week, and intends to go in for hard practice. Whilst away in the " back blocks he established a sable eleven, who, according to all accounts, have become so proficient with the bat and ball i that they carry all before them in cricket in hose parts. For Bohemia, Andrew Longhnan with his I slows played sad havoc with the Heidelberg fifteen on Saturday, 11 of them Calling to him i for 13 runs. The Bohemians won with an innings and 25 rnns to spare, their total: being 113 as againBt 52 and 36 pat together by ; their opponents. The principal scorers for the victors were T. Faubaim (32), Andrew Longhnan (26), and J. Dowling (20). This onting was one of the pleas&nteat; the Bohe mians have had for a long time. They returned home by moonlight,. and as their handsome four-in-hand bowled merrily along ! • through the picturesque village, the scenery, at each successive torn in the road looked so soft and charming that the fmoet aesthetic language was evoked from the wearers of the primrose and bine. The Englishmen, after their victory at Bathnret, played twenty-two of Parramatta, and in this match sustained their first defeat in Australia. Evans, a brother of the crack New Sonth Welshman, bowled in gteat form for the twenty-two. Turner's performance with the ball for Bathnret is worthy of special note, the whole ten wickets of the' English men In their second innings falling to him' fof 36 runB. . The Englishmen are expected here on Thursday next, and will put np at the Old White Hart HoteL The booth sites for their match against Victoria on the 16th, 17th, and 19th instant, will be sold at Kirk's Bazaar at noon on Monday next. It is understood that neither the English men nor the New South Welshmen wiU be allowed the privilege of travelling free on the Victorian railways. ... . ' match between a_ mixed eleven of the jJ^onters, andlSof Brunswick was played ohWednesday at But Melbourne, andresulted in {favour of the local team by. 16 raos, the ■cores being East Melbourne, 103: Bruns wick, 87. For the But Boyle made 33, E. Mones 29, and Musgrove 10. Boyle took eight wicket for 26. The fielding of the Brunswick ium was first- rate. . . Though Richmond had 90 runs on the hoard before their second wicket fell egainst , Fitzroy, they wets all dismissed for a total I of 153. Of this number, J. Blair, who is quite a veteran in the ranks of Richmond contributed 59 (not out) by very good and patient play, and, what is more, he went in first, and so had the satisfaction of carrying bis batright through. The next on the list was Morris, with a well-played 31, and Turner also showed good cricket for 22. The bowling of Topping, for Fitzroy, was capitaL He had no wicketB for 27 runs at first, bnt success attended his efforts afterwards, and he obtained the excellent average of 8 runs per wicket, six of the Rich mond men being taken by him for 48 rnns. T. J. Hayes also bowled successfully for Fitzroy, 4 wickets being credited to him for 38 runs. The Fitzroy men were also all there in the field, A. Shee especially eliciting marks of approval for his two brilliant catches. Fitz roy m their second essay have lost five wickets for 112, of Which Rogers made 40, J. Down ing 21, and J. Topping 26 (not out) by good play in each case. The Fitzroy are now 129 runs to the good, and have five wickets to fall, including Trinnick, their beet batsman. If these play np to-day, the Richmond fellows will have all their work cut out to score a victory. That score of 300 so confi dently predicted by Richmond in their first innings was far from being realised. Let as see what their second essay will bring forth. The Sydney Morning Berald of Wednesday last, in alluding to the Englishmen, says :— " There was a large number of spectators at the Association Cricket- ground on Tuesday to witness the practice of the English cricketers and that of the New South Wales eleven. The visitors, who also worked hard at net practice in the morning, indulged in two hopes' good play, and from the earnest manner in which they batted and bowled it is evident that they entertain a wholesome opinion of the skill of their rivalB. Bates batted in grand style, his defence being good and his hitting clean and hard. Scotton hit away right merrily, and shows improvement every day. Ulyett also gave a vigorous dis play, while Barlow confined his operations to the defensive in order to properly time the ball. Midwinter batted with more ease and freedom than of yore, and has not that ungainly and cramped defence which in times gone by marked his play. Pilling's Btyle as a batsman is rather attrac tive, and for a tail-end man he Bhows good cricket and may be depended on for runs. The fine bowling of Shaw, Peate, Midwinter, and Barlow thoroughly tested the batting, which must undergo improvement with so effective a means of training." Messrs. Hardie and Gorman will give a trophy valne 20 guineas to the highest scorer in the first innings, and one value 10 guineas for the best bowling average. Mr. Rowell, of the Oxford Hotel, gives a prize for the highest innings in the match, and a fielding prize value five guineas will be given by Mr. Hunt. Alick Bannerman scored 110 out of a total of 309 realised by the Carlton Club in Sydney for the loss of Bix wickets against the Warwicks, for the Holdsworth-Gardyne Chal lenge Cup. In a match in Adelaide, between North Adelaide and Hindmarsh, Knill, for the former, made 109, and Pettinger 59, out of a total of 234. The Hindmarsh have lost three wickets for 50 runs. I For Kent and Sonth Adelaide against Kensington, Watling made 117 out of a total of 278. On Tuesday afternoon the majority of those chosen to practise for the English match and the Intercolonial assembled on the M.C.C. ground, and the form shown was very good in most instances. M'Donnell's hitting was Bimply terrific. I forget how many balls he lost. Boyle and M'Sbane bowled well, and the letter's form with the bat was much better than he had previously shown this Be&6on. A telegram has been received from Frank Allan expressing bis willingness to play againBt the Englishmen. 