District Court. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBKB 12- (Before Mr. Diatriet Court Judge 0dwline-.1 ACTION AQAIKST AK OFFICIAI. iSBICHraB — 'HABDT V. LYOKS. This, was an action te recover .£200 for detenno and conversion of household furniture. The furni ture in question had been lent on the ' time payment system' to« Mr. Campion, aa hotel proprietor, who aubseijnently beeame insolvent, Mr, Lyons being appointed official assignee. The value oflfre. goods was JB229L and all but JB80 or _t9d had been vaid off. The defenoe was 'never possessed,' and evidence wftB given to show that the defendant bad not taken the furniture, or even claimed it. All that he had done was to dispose of the lioenee for .£60. The case occupied a considerable time-, and nltimately»ftju-n~ auit Was entered. - - ''?' -Beferi» Mr. District C«»rt Judge Dowling.) OCTOBBB 12. EAB ATfB ANOTHER V. EOTLE ANI- AKOTHHB. t This was an aotioa by the propri^t^r of the ' Western Independent ' aewsBaper, Bathnrst, j» reoover _-2416alor the iaseriaonof certain advertise ments. The dispute was as to whether the adver tisements ?were to be paid for by the inch «r so much per month for 12 months. The defendant said £1 6a per month was the prise agreed on, and, as the advertisement had appeared fer nine month s, he paid £A into court in satisfaction of plaintiff's claim. The plaintiff's version waa that the pries was to be Is per inch and for 12 months certain. The judge gave a verdict for the amount claimed, less the amount paid into court. ACTION TO BBOOVBK COMMIS8IOIT OK fiAKB-OV A 8TDNBY HOTEL. — HMHUfi T. BTTTC^BB. The Dlaintiff. a eommission aeent. souehtto re cover .£20 as conunisBioK on the eale of avn hotel in Sydney, called Waneeabeim's Hetel. He stated that defendant employed him to find a puichaser for the hotel, and he introduced Mr. Moore, who sub sequently beoame the purchaser for .£400. On thia sum he claimed £5 per eent. e»«amiaBion. The defendant bad promMd him payment when the lieenae was traneTcrrefl, bnt when' he was pressed for payment, said he was net going to pay two commissions. The plaintiff was corro borated, aa to hie introduction of Mr. Moore, by Miss Dean, the barmaid, and Wm. Johnson, 'the barman at tbe hotel. The defenoe was that the business had been transacted through a Mr. Hughes, and Mr. Moore was ealled, and stated that Mr. Hashes first introduced him to the defendant. Mr. Moore also gave evidence that the plaintiff had offered to share the commission with Mr. Hughes. All the information he cot about the hotel was obtained f rem Mr. Hughes'. The defendant said, he pat the hotel into the hands of several persons to sell, and the one who first intredneed a ouatomer was to have the coHunisekm. Mr. Hughes introduced Mr. Moore to him, and he had paid Mr. Hughes the oom-iiHBJon. He denied that he ha« promised payment to the plsintifft A number of other witnesses were called, but the judge found a verdict for the plaintiff for the full amount claimed. ALI^HGED SI.AKDKE BT AN ACTOB— BABZi V. TCISAX). The plaintiff, who described himself aB a ' pro perty master,' sued Mr. D'Aroy Bead (the proprietor of the 'Ghost' entertainment) for Blander. The plaintiff stated that he had a dispute aboat money matters with defendant on the 13th August, at Wangenbeim's Hotel, amd that the defendant called him a thief and a liar. He admitted assaulting Mr. Bead, and that he was fined 40a yesterday, at the Water Polioe Court, in respect of such assault. Mr. Read admitted that he ealled plaintiff names, but this wag after he was struck by plaintiff. Verdict for defendant. 