WAMBEBAL, Br Stamc Kainun. JBBT a dull, to which the eeaweed, glittering jot with greenness dings, Ta« tho song that once I lored so, softly of the old time (log* Softly of the old time speaketh-bringing ererbadk to me Sight* of fw-off lordly forelands-glimpses of the sounding set 1 Ifow the cliffs are all before me-now, indeed, do I behold Shining erowths on wild wet billheads, quiet pools of green and gold. And, across the gleaming, benches, lo the might; flow and fall Of the great ingathering waters thundering under Wambetal I , . Back there are the pondering mountains \- there the dim dumb ranges loom Ghostly shapes in deiul grey vapour-half wen peaks august with gloom, There the Voioe of troubled torrents, hidden in unfathomed deeps, . known to moss and faint green sunlight, wanders down the oosysteeps. There the lake of man; runnels nestles in a windless wild Far amongst thiokfolded forests, like a radiant human ohild. And beyond surf-smitten uplands - high above the highest spur Lo! the olouds tike tents of tempest on the crags of KincumMr I Wamberal, the borne of echoes I Hard against a atreaming strand, Sits the hill of blind black caverns, at the limits of the land. Here the haughty water marches-here the flights of straightened sea Make a noise like that of trumpets, breaking wide across the leal But behold, in yonder crescent that a ring of island looks Are the cold and emerald cisterns shining moonlike in the rocks! Olear, bright cisterns, *oned by mosses, where the'mint wvt blossoms dwell With the leaf of many colours-down beside the starry shell. Friend of mine beyond the mountains, here and here the perished days Oome like sad reproachful phantoms, in the deep groy evening liaze Oome like ghosts, and sit beside me when the noise of day is still, And the rain is on the window, and the wind is on the hill. Then they linger, but tliey speak not, while my memo 17 roams and roams Over scenes by doatb made sacred-other lands and other homes I Places sanotified by sorrow-sweetened by that face of yore Pace that you and I ink* look on (friend and brother) nevermore) Seasons oome with tender solaoe-timo lacks neither light nor rest 1 But the old thoughts were such dear ones, and the old days seem the best. And to those who've loved and suffered every pulse of wind or Mia Breiy song with sadness in it, brings the peopled Pastagain. Theftrfore, just this tfhell yet dripping, with this weed of green and grey, Sets me thinking-sets me dreaming of the places far away 1 ' Dreaming of the golden rookpools-of the foreland &Bd; the fall 1 And the home behind the mountains looming ' ' over Waabersl. 