MR. JAMES SMITH AND THE "IIAR- DINGER OP LIGHTP TO TUB EDITOR OF tub AUK. Sin,— I ought perhaps to bo ashamed to admit that I have been unlil within the last few days in such intellectual darkness as novor to have heard of such a publication as tho Harbinger t\f Light. The Age of tho 1 1th inct. has kindly en lightened mo on this point ; and I could have hoped that the Arpus of the samo morning) or on some other morning, would have called our at tention to so extraordinary undunique a publi cation, which admits us to communings with the dead, who seem to drop in upon Air. James Smith and bis friends as familiarly and pleasantly ' as beings of flesh and blood. You introduce the reports of different witnesses with tho words " Extraordinary Will Case." As this easo is sub judice, 1 of courso say nothing about it, although, liko the wiso bird, I may tbink the more. But I do (isle your leave to be allowed to deliver my soul somewhat touching that monologue of tho defunct and disembodied G. L., addressed to his. "true friend of other days, J. fi. To make tlio extract from the Harbinger intelligible, you very properly preface it by the atatcuient of Mr. Alfred llussoli Glomes, who states that in September, 1S80, lie met Air. James Smith in Melbourne, ami learnt from him of. . the sevemnco of tho friendship that had existed be tween himself and Air. M'Qcnrge, that Mr. Clonics had expressed his surprise at the omis sion of Air. Smith's mime from the will, and that Mr. Smith had replied that tiro will would be contested, and referred Glomes to the current iumbsrof tho Harbinger of Light, in which ho (Mr. Smith) had pnhlishod an account of matters relating to the will, and ivhich had come to his knowledge by means which lie detailed, ana whioh Clowes subsequently found sot forth in pages 1848 and 1849 of the publication in almost the samo words, so far, as relates to the will. Then follows tho extract from tho Har binger of Light, wherein Sir. James Smith has shown himself to lie on such per sonally intimate. terms with ghosts a- nnj rate with oflO ghost (a testator ghost troubled in his mind)— that I cnnnt but look oti the cle- saribor of the sceno with as mucii awo lis admira tion. I have always takon a groat interest 111 ghost.'. Hiatus's "evil genius. Jlainlcts lather's ghost, tho "Bodacli Gins', or giey spirit " which walked bofors Fergus M Ivo' ' Jn the twilight of tlio evening before tho battle of Ctillodon, iiuvo each and all mine than once ruado mo feel what old ladies some times call "all-ovcrisli;" but for candor, for gentlemanly oase, fjir sentimental remorse touching his weaknesses in this world, for good honest disgust nt the inannor in which ho had beon electro-hiologiscd into leaving tho bulk ot his property to two. arch-biolo;iisers, for unre served communicativeness touching his locomo tive lmwers in this world nnd tho Riglits.no wit nesses therein, tills spiritual friond carries with liim such marked superiority to nny of his fraternity, that I vory strongly desire to make his further acquaintance, and through the Age, —which of course he con read — even to mako some suggestions which may tend to Ins com fort. It seems, according to Air. James Smith's narrative— as communicated to us in tho Harbinger of Light— that shortly after a notification in the Herald that the will ot a recently dceeascd wealthy quartz miner was likely to be disputed on eJcctro- hiological grounds, tho dieombodjod testator "prcsontctrjumself nt a private oirelo in tins city, and established his identity to the complete satisfaction of an intimate friend who happened to he present." "On three subsequent occasions he came, and always with increasing importunity, asking that a private stance might bo arrangou for, os ho had a communication of the utmost imiiortaliee to make, and ouo that wm cssontial . to fiis own peace of mind." . Now, here, I respect fully desire to ask a' few questions, merely for -my own oatisfaction as a ghost student. 1st. Where, and what may bo this extraordinary 11 private circle." upon whom and .upon whoso intiiuuto friend a ghost dropping in seomo to produce no greator sensation than that made by -an ordinary morning call ? It would seem that the worthy ghost was not previously known to " tho private circle," for it required tlio services of the intlmato friend to establish his gh03tships identity. What was the rrocess of identification, or how was identification necessary at all, if tho ghost was (us ghosts are expected to be) re- cognisahlo at onco, without calling. evidonco as if ho woro a mere claimant? Again, what did tho ghost want witli stance. He seems lo liavq boon a most free and easy kind of follow, with plenty to say for himself, and llicrofoio why could ho not say it without the medium of a stance? At first, it would seem that tho "private circle," and "the intimate friond" did not see their way to a stance, for it required three subsequent visits,, ' with increasing- importunity " until "an ap pointment "—with whom? — "was lmido accord ingly." "On a given ovoning ho (said ghost) came, and took possession of tlio medium (a lady who seems to havo arrived before him, which was curious, seeing tlio ghost was so anxious) who was iii a slato of tranoo (did she arrivo in that state?) and in a tone of voice closely resembling that which was peculiar to him in tho flash, and with a vehemence of manner that was equally characteristic of G. L., he spoke as follows (his friend taking down tho words as fast as they were uttered) " Truo friend of other days. Four of us liavo often sat together. Two wrero true ; and two were false." (Alas ! poor Ghost : besot thus by such a psrty of Codlins, and Shorts) "And I have como from tho world of spirits to toll you that I was not myself when I made my will. I havo realised that old and well worntruth"— (uhostgotsprosyhdre)— "that sooner or later sin brings its own punishniont, for tlio faults and follies of my early years wore visited on me at tho close of my earthly existence.' (Nono of the audience seem to have had the lioart to say, " Foor old follow !") "Aty brain was weakened liy early excesses, and Mho, anil that woman knew it." Row, Mr. Editor, when I como to this passago of tlio faithful report I was fairly staggered at finding all iiiy previous impressions of ghosthood so rudely disturliod. Think of a didactic and moralising ghost ill fall career of what looks very liko a sermon worthy of nn/ "AH Saints" curate, coming out with u " Afac" — tho familiar, flesh-and- blood Mac — "Afac, and that woman know it!" Ghost proceeds: '"I became subject, to them as the patient to the electro-biologist. Under her influence I ceased to he a free agent, anil directly I crossed tho boundaries of tlio two worlds my eyes were opened, and I know how I had beon duped and imposed upon, but I cannot undo it." (Why not trj', old man? I'll show, you how, although tlio private circle couldn't). "Tho money will do them no good ; but in that woman's hnnds it will provo to be n curse to her and to her confe derate. Look at her and see to what a depth of vilenoss a woman may descend (so may a man for that matter, good ghost). Look at lior with a. lying spirit on her lips. Tlioy lied to mo conti nually. (Strong language this, although wo are not told ghost had ever boen a member of I'nrliainent.) They told mo you wore not my friend; thoy poisonttfl my mind against you; they kept you from me, anil mo from you." (This certainly does not seoin to be fair play in such a game.) "I wanted to udil u codicil to my will, making soiuo provision for you, but tliey pre vented me from doing so, J.S." (Fearfully familiar this, coming from the other world.) " I swear to you liofcro my God, it was they, and not I, who did that thing. When I think of those two poor faithful creatures (old ladies with whom he had lodged), turned adrift upon tho world so cruelly, it grieves me more than I can express. Tell Aiac. (Alnc. again) from me that ho can havo the money, hut it will bo his' uurse, and hers too. They told me it was for tlio great cause, and that I was only a gtoward of my wealth, for that cause. Aty curse upon them I" (Oh, ghost, ghost, havo you, in tho other world, forgotten the text "Love your ene mies? ") Tell G. and P. if they, will coine here I will speak to them. I know thoy are infutuated, and so was I, and so wero you, until God opened your oyes (with the will, ghost ?) and you broke away from that wiekod woman— for she is a wicked woman. She. has been strong for good as she is now Btrong for evil. Onco sho gathered around her spirits of the highest order ; now she is undor the dominion of spirits of the vilest and most evil character. Ho and sho called them selves my friends. Friends ! Excepting those faithful old creatures, you wero the only frimwl I bad. (Whv did not tho private circio cbcor this nobio but too lute admission?) Lot there bo no misunderstanding between us two. I cannot undo what is past, I ean enly explain. Toll Atae, (oh, that Alao.l) the dead has como hack from his gravo, (not so, good ghost. In your excitement, you forget that it is your spirit, not your body, giving these directions to your only friend), to warn the world .against his wickedness. Lilo is short, and eternity is long." (A stnrtlingly original remark. ) "Lot them glory in their ill-gotten wraith ; but mark my word, it will turn to dust and ashes in the. spending. 0\. (who is 0. ?) will be a great man. I can do nothing for you, but I will stand by your son. (Is this an altogether cheerful out-look for a son, to have a ghost pernmuo'ntly .standing by him, especially until ho knows a littlo more deiinitoly what profit this private compact to haunt liirn, is to lead to?") "and will guide and guard and impress him through life." (A pleasant look-out this for any man's son.) "A burden has been lifted off my son by this conversation." Conversation there has been none, for it is evident that hitherto the Ghost has had the whole talk to himself. The narrative proceeds with somu more touches of remorse, and Ghost winds up his long-winded story by thanking tho company, liko a candidate for a seat in Parliament, for affording him that opportunity for expressing his senti ments, in return for ivhich ''might God, tlio searcher of all hearts, guard and bless them." "Hero the medium," continues tho report, "of whom G. L. had taken possession (operation of taking possession of a lady medium not specified) rose up and stood erect, lifted hor hands over her head, anil (apparently as dramatically as Afiss Fomcroy could have done it) went through tho motion of tearing a document in pieces and trampling it nude? foot, saying, ' As I destroy this will so will their happiness bo destroyed, and brought to nothing. God bless you. Good night.'" And so exit medium. Liko tho Rov. Mr. Baxter, tlio ghost ot G. L. seems to havo hail " some more last words" for liis hearers. Air. Smith reports a second visit, in which tho ghost presuming on tho patience of his audience, us displayed in the prior interview, becomes into lerably tedious about the old story of how he had heen bofooled, about " not knowing what tosuy for himself." What did he como for then? About "that cursed demon, drink:" about "when ho hud repaired tiic wrongs ho had done in lira past," — which in his previous deliverance he had declared to be irreparable, — " then por- ' Imps ho might forget tlio past," about the "once fine medium," about eternity, and then coincs hack to this world with the following important information touching his present positiuu and habits : — " I am still upon tlio earth's piano, und as I inovo about the world it is wonderful tho sights I see — j'otith, beauty, health, intellrc- tual gifts and great capacities for good, all bar tered away for a fow moments i of worthless en joyment, falsely so called. I'm vera unhappy— very unsettled. How can I be otherwm <\- etc., &c.;, 4c. "You havo beon, nobly forgivrap, good friend of early days, and I thauk you for it from the bottom of my heart." Horn, I am happy to say, wo hear and see the last of the unhappy and unsettled one, and now I only wish to say, through your columns, that on his own showing, teste the Harbinger of Light, this uneasy ghost— (ho seems, like many other ghosts, to lie a stupid ass after all, or lio might havo seen it without prompting)— can at once do something towards putting liis late affairs and his present perturbed conscience to rights without any diilinuliy. Uc " moves about the world," he says ; he can therefore drop into tho Sui'J'emq Court il lie likes. It is plain, moreover, that he is not that old-fashionad, limited sort of ghost who is only allowed io ap pear to one person at a time, for lie drops iu upon "private circles" quite promiscuously. Why, then, not/drop in upon Air. Justice Molesworth, and (confronting tho lawyers) toll him and thorn all about it ? 1 am sure that uble and impartial piediumforthfiadministratiouof justice, tho judge, will hear all ho has to say, and take a full-note of it. Should a preliminary objection he taken that t hero is no precedent for tho ad in i, is i.-: . ghostly evidence— the answer is, " that new rasps sometimes call lor new cures, otherwise, in these electro-biological days, with no end of oloctro- biological Codlins nnd Shorts cruising about, poj dur friend the honorable Henry Aiilicr himself, nor Mr. T. 15. Payne, nor, in short, any other wealthy philanthropist, could bo accounted safe. — Your. &c..; THE GHOSTS NEXT FRIEND. 1/ th May. 1 f While tlio case was subjtiilicc wo woro obliged to hold over the production of our humorous cor respondent. — Up. -! . J 