IMMIGEATION AND ' PROTESTANT AS CE&DANCY.;' To the Editor. Sir,— Sir Eenry Parkes is of opinion that onr immi* gration policy ought to be reguiated, with a view to the preservation of Protestant ascendancy in fhfjj colony. In other words he now discovers that fc is the duty of the Government to legislate for WftW South Wales in a strictly Protestant spirit, and to use coercire measures to preserve the orthodoxy of our national belief. Do you not think, Mr. Editor, that these senti ments wonld have been much more in olace had'thev been uttered at a Wisleyan conferenca.or a Chnretl of England Synod than in the Legislative Assembly of such a free and enlightened country as the sunny land in which Sir Jienry now luxuriates in thefuU enjoyment of his 'little brief authority.' Sinoo^h* discontinuance of ' State support to the clergy, and ths passing of our present Education Act, I thought that the Government, having1 at length realised the flagrant fallacy of the proposition that people can be mad6 devout by*&ct; of Parliament, had renounced ail further connection with sectarian religious interests, and henceforth intended to allow each church to subsist oufc^oMta own inherent vitality, or, it it were unable to d&thls;, to let it go the way of all other rotten systems^-flad crnmble into nothingness as it should do. Aualby Sir Henry's own speeches upon the education dues* tion (since his last change of front) no one would bet led to ooacludo that he regarded the Goveniment.cf this colony ae a sectarian institution whese first dntr it was to protect the interests of any particnlaisdeno mination, but ratter as a fountain of eitnple, p'ure, uncontamicsied justi«e. from whsnea ail might expact a fair field and no favour. After th» long centurios ot disrepntable connection between churches and states, it was most refreshing to listen to talk like this as it seemed as if w»4rec» entering upon an era of common eeuse, wbe&£$k0 modern apostles would be all compelled' to takeHaisi* hands one of the public ceffere, and live as tltftSMfc members of their order were commanded to live-—-by tho gogpei alone, and not by the favours ef eoeg&U; governments. But it seome as if ire were etfllXMBff way from getting the rule nisi for divorce betanen colonial politics and colonial religion made abflohtti. Our Premier now directly opposes it, and adiuUptM the spending of a stun of monpy annually upms&v; importation of a class of persons for the tttfired purpose of preserving the aecendaaoy At 4tft Protestant religion. I must tell Sir XEfenry Parkes that, technically speaking. New tfexttl Wales ^s not a Protestant country aay pfeMi* than it is a Boman Catholic country. We bJVff^JM) eetablisked religion, and our Parliament, coQeoVMty? ia supposed to be free from any E»ot%rian bias Ofrttte* delictioa whatever, so that the preserving of wltt Protestant asoendance, or any other religiOM As cendancy, is a matter which is entirely bayomd! its legitimate scope. If the Cabinet happened to -ban- tain a majority of Catholics or a majority of Jews—* which is a supposition well within the bounds of pos sibility — would either of those Govenunemta be justified in using the public money to establish or preserve the dominance or its particular denomination P I am one of those beings who totally dissent from the idea of using any artificial means to bolster up religious systems. Magna tst veritas et prevalent. If ths Protestaat religion is grounaed upon the f olid immutable truth, its ascendancy will never be disturbed, bat if not it is beyond the power of statute or ordinance to pre vent its ultimate extinction. Be not disturbed Sir Henry. If the ground is there fixed and firm, your immigration schemes are not required ; but, if it is slipping away and the edifice is sinking, you need not attempt to hold ic np. Let every m«n who has tk» neeessar/ qualifLuatiotfi to make a good colonist come here without aakinjr him what he thinks of the taeologioal differences of churchmen. We want sturdy, honest, industrious wen to baild up the glorious future of thie oolomy, not religious wraagiers ; aad every one who wishes io eeme here and utilise our raw pro ducts and pay us twenty shillings for every ponad'e worth, ougat to be made welcome. — Yonrt, &c;, THE KIAMA 6HOST. One of the candidates I or aucdioal «t»jninatioa, on Imipg asked to name the different eodorifleo, save thoae in ordinary tut ; ou taint tactbw pxwma he menttoaed aevo^pUii«,»»a.ttiJibaiasf ««Uekaad extflalmodj 'W«UvMBd ^Unfciifrio V* «xuiibed, and if that does aot tMfce him penq^tWkad better 