AT THE LAND OFFICE. BEGA, On Wednesday, 28kd .-Uauch, 1881. ? 'Cnnnlry lot.— -Ojorily of Dampior, . : '?'?' '.'? Jiansli of Tanja. - :i '' Lot A, p'orlum 71, 100 nc/eB, «n the .south-west shard nf tlie Burondfl Ltika, near the jouth Pacific Oceon, and ad. joining part of the norlh boundary of reserve Nn. G. Lapsed conditional pur. chasoof Dnniol Alfred Cowing. Within sonlhcm extension of Droniedary gold field. Proclaimed 2oth April! 167CJ O|ien tu conditional purchase. L»«t -tff-red ?8U- May) 1879. Oh Wkpnbsdav, SiIih Mahoii, 1S81, Conntry Lots. —County nf Anckiuud, Parish of Bmirinia. Lot A, portion 122, GO acres; h,v B, portion 128, 29 acres 2 roods. L'ln A and B are on the road from Candelo to Merimbula, lying bottroon Win. Freeman's conditional porcbase portion No. 95 of 40 acres on the oast and John Hill's conditional putchase portion Mo , 1 10 of 80 acres on the west, the latter portion being in the paiish of Wolumha. County of Dnmpier, parish of Cadjan garry. Lot 0, portion 205, 41 ucrcs 1 rood, adjoining the vest bonndary of J. M'Cahon's conditional purchase portion No 127 of J00 »cre-, nnd udjuccnt to the soutli boumlurv nf his portiun No. 130 of 40 acres. ' Within the Soutli Extension Dromedary Gold Field, pro claimed 25th April, 1679, open t» con ditional purchase. Parish of Wnppiigo. Lot D, portion G3, 2G nrrcs I rond, lying between the Itfi Imnk of \V'ii|iene'- Creek end the pnft bniindnry ..f J. W. ?itiggcrV ronditionnl iMiielm^e imrtiou No. 3 of 40 ncrcs. Exelusivelv nf u mad I chain wide. Witni,, the Dminc dnry G-dd Field rSoiilh Kxtem-iu.., pro. claimed 25lli April, 1879, open tn con ditional I'urchasp. Upset price p^r acre, £1 5«. ' Election «f a Dead Mall' is a good startling lie.ndlinf, ns il appeared in a Melhiiurito daily paper lact week. What bwthered a whole riiniiifu! of cnmnion C'liinciluien was (remarks ' ^nlos' in the Australian), that at a shim election two cnudidaten were nominated, and thai hef'n- tlie di:y nf election ono died. Under cnnned'n ndvic.' (Counscllur Cur neliiis O'Flnnanon 1), the poll 'ns pro ceeded with, mid, Binfiiilur to relate, the ilend man was circled. This wiih a poor compliment tn tliPsec-m-l in the poll, but tho sncci'sslul candidate did nnt tulco bis ticai, »nd the shire c-m«-ri!lors rightly puoiigh want a clause in Ihn Locnl Goveriiinent Act to prevent dead men gfltiup elected in this uncomfortable way in future. A new Fj-mein of (nliiug divisions was inlriiilnccil during the priic-eiiinga «f the Legislntivn Assembly. Hitherto it lias been llio cdRtuni fur tins te'lern mi tlio respective sides to write out llm names of linn, members voting (of or iigniiist a motion ; but under tbe new syst'in they are supplied by tin- clerk wilh piiutel lists, and they run a pencil murk across llie inline* of tlmse who inny lie. voting on Die tiidi- they nre n|ip linled tn count. This is thu mmlo adopted in Uio S-iilh AiiKtrulian piirliinien!. In VirJlorin tlie immeh »rp pricke-1 off with a pin, which penclrAli'S srveral lints :it once; and, the nqnisile uuinbpr.tieinir re«erv--! f..r pnrliniueutnry rcords, the remainder nre supplied lo llie pro«» — a phui which oii'ullt with adrniila^e In- copied here — Sydney Morning Herald. Waqoa Waooa. Fridiiy.— The Omrl of Ojn:ut»r Spb«i--i s «:is t.p.-iii'd tliis morniiig by ,IndWp I' rl.. s \V. IS. Hope, Into |insliii;i»ter nt Wiicga, ple:i-l--d guilty to the chciige of cmbczzlciiieut, nnil was Bi-ntcnCRil lu 21 i»oiiths' in Al Innr finri1- (-P'-rgt! Turner pleaded Riiiliy to larceny, iiml vr»9 S''iilenced In six inonlliR iu Alhoiy gaol, .liimn^ Cmlis p'.endeil (jiiiliy to child desertiuii, null wus Eetiteiiei'd io 12 months in Darlingliurtt. pn-l. Charles Glnyt ?» pleaded guiliy to fo'gpiy. oiiri was sph tpnceii to Inn years in Diirlili);liuritt ; Willinni Chnrliou, accused of lurccny was mqniltrd ; Willinm Francis was found guilty nf lnri!..|iy, nod M.Mienc.1'! lo nine ni'inllis iu WngKa gaol ; ,lmne« !l--Ui»- soii, fouml guilty of f.irjnry, wns son toiiced liv two yours in Darlituhiiret. The happy pciisessor of u Wcc pus toral properly not one linmirvd miles from Gnndaeni, and llw- owner of mnny flocks nml hrrds, was recently giving his opinion of thr iicrideut that b'f.l Mr. Gregory nt Pigeonsriiinve, Kiandra. ?' Why, iiinn alive,' lie said, ' I've been n travcltiii' sheep lo ilieoi thpre b'.uomia' mountains for these Ihirty year and more, nnd 1 be Wowed if such a tiling ever hnpponcd me. I'd take jolly good care — i would, not to got (roze, even if I'd to let the blonmin' jumbucks go lo blue Jerusalem. Once I wns there, and it was cold, nnd no mistake about it, so ( puts on my considerin' cap, and then I determined to crawl into a hollow log, and tliero I 'ay as cotnfitnble as possible until morn in', wlien I crawled out again : but, by Hiigan's ghost, a big bloomin' browu snake, seven nr eipht feet long, crawled uu- nfter mo. ' You're a nice bedfeller,' cays I, and I goes and g -ts a big lump of a slick, and 1 goes over lo kill the bpggnr, but just as I was goin' to hit him «n the nut, I thinks of grati tude, and says I, 'No, yon beggar, as yon didn't bito me I wont kill yon.' ' — Times. TAYLOR BROTHERS' MARAVIt-lA COCOA. — Taylor Brothers, London, Jmvinc the exclusive supply of this unrivalled Coooa, invite comparison witli any other Cocoa for purity — fine Aroma — Sanative, Nutritive, and Sustaining Power. One trial will establish it as a favorite Beverage for breakfast, luncheon, and a Soothing Refreshment after n late evening, for favorable opinions, vide Standard, Morning Post, British Hedioal Journal, &c.;, &c.; TAYLOR BROTHERS' HOMEOPATHIC COCOA.— This original preparation, which has attainod such a world-wide reputation, is manufactured by Taylor Brothers, under the ablest hbmcBopathio advice, aided by the skill and experience of the inventors, and will lie found to combine iaan. eminent degree the purity, 6noaroma- and nutritious property of tte fresh nut. .?: - ..' TAVLOR BROTHERS' 60LUBLE CHOCOLATE U made iu one itunuto without boiling. : TAYLOR BROTHERS' WARAVILLft COCOA ESSEUCE, O« M)«E 'SOlJUBLe «0C0fc.i TMfl exquisite production .will supply a want long felt fcy «ooo»: dnnkais, namely, a perfeotly genmne article, 2ree from «d tnixcure^if any kind, nourishing, refresh-; ing and grateful te the palate. In J4b.s Tins. - -??.:?--. ? '.':-?? : '-'...v v. '?????%??.??'.-?--?-?; TAYLOR BROTHERS' CHICORY.— iranufao- tured from the finest Belgiau Root! tn 28 and 56 1b. Tins; '*-^; ' -' '-'-:-]i[X Stdl-n WIIU, .Brick Une,' Million. ? r 1 ' E«port Chicory Mnii.Brtia«».*e)oj^.:a6=,5 