Sporting Notes. , [Bx THB. VAQBANT.] RETROSPECT OP THE MAITLAND RACES, The late meeting of the N. J Club may be regarded as fairly successful as regards racing, but the attend- ance wes rather meagre. The weather was beautiful but the rather strong wind that blew the second day swept clouds of sand from the running right across the course. The track was very fast as may be seen from the time made in the Two-year-old Stakes and Nursery Handicap. The ball opened, to the music of the Maitland Band, with the Flying Handicap for which Lochinvar and Twilight were elected to represent the knowing ones, and Mr Cook's hand- some two-year-old gave his supporters a turn by coming home a length in front of Beatrice, who beat Dagmar by a head for second place. Lochinvar was bred by Mr. Clift of Lochinvar from whence he takes his name, and is by Kelpie from Rosebud, although he is a long way from the top of the tree, he is one of the sort that will improve, and will be a very good handicap horse. Beatrice is a very handsome little filly by Goldsborough from Paradigm, although a trifle unfortunate in being a very late foal. Dagmar, who ran third, is a big raking mare, but was green; she is by Goldsbrough out of Roulette, The Two-year-old Stakes was looked upon as a moral for the Gem, and so it was, for after Faust leading into the straight Mr. Mayo's colt came away and won easily. The Gem is by Kelpie, from Ida, by Vanguard out of Io, Ida is the dam of The Spy, The Pearl, and The Arrow, and has never yet thrown a bad one. The Gem is entered for the A J C. and V. R. C. Derby's, and as it is Mr Mayo's intention, I believe, not to start the colt again until the former meeting in September, if he improves as he should do, Mr. Mayo has a very pro- mising candidate for Derby honors. Faust, who ran second, is a big boned long striding colt by Kings- borough out of Ariel, and ran a great colt while his condition stood to him, but as he has been suffering from a heavy cold Dick Jurd could not do full jus- tice to him. Whirlwind, who ran third, is by Hamlet out of Whirlpool, and was bought by Mr. F. Rey- nolds, together with her dam, by whose side she was running, for 700 guineas. The five furlongs was cut out m 1 mm. 4 1/2secs. For the big event of the meeting nine sported silk, and after a very good race the Tamworth horse Bulgaria showed he was a bit too good at the weights and finished before Creswick by two lengths, the outsider Bosher being heads and tails with him, Bulgaria is by Bulginbar from a Yelverton mare, and has been a very good performer up country. Creswick is by the defunct Yattendon out of Q. E. D., and great things were once expected from him, but he failed to justify his admirers' opinions, Bosher the third horse, has lately changed hands, and has improved wonderfully since the change. He is a well-bred horse being by Bulginbar out of Fleur-de-Lis, by Lord of the Hills Old Sir Solomon ran a duffer, and was beaten when a mile was travelled, and the same may be said of Lady Clifden, who must have left her good trial on the ground after her. The Gem finished in front of the three who opposed him in the Maiden Plate, and the proceedings closed by Cameo winning the Prince of Wales Stakes in a canter from Darkie, old Premier, who could hardly raise a gallop being last. On the second day Whirlwind showed what a good one she is by winning the Maitland Handicap and Nursery Handicap. The penalty stopped Bulgaria in the Duckenfield, and Creswick carne home in front of Vesper, a daughter of Hawthornden and Ave Maria, Bulgaria being third, Volunteer and Lady Clifden did not start, Regnard, a Son of Goldsbrough, was a bit too good for his field in the Novel Race, and as the curtain dropped over the Autumn meeting of the N J. C , Bulgaria carried 8st 6lbs home in front of Pinafore, another Tamworth horse, in the Forced Handicap. Taken as a whole the meeting was a successful one, the racing being very good, but the attendance was poor for Maitland. I was very successful in my predictions having picked the winners of the five races on the first day, but on the second day some of my placed horses did not start. Altogether out of seven races I tipped thirteen placed horses out of a possible 21, vis, 5 firsts, 3 seconds, and 5 thirds. SINGLETON RACES. The handicaps for the principal events at the Singleton meeting have been published, and are rather a curiosity in their way, and it is hard to ac- count for some of the mistakes apparent, particularly as Mr Curtis had the running at the Maitland meet- ing to guide him in framing his handicaps, In the Singleton Handicap, 1 mile 3 furlongs, Bulgaria has 8st. 9lbs, a weight which he is quite capable of winning with. Vesper has 41bs. less, and still Bul- garia gave her 51bs, and quite a 10lb, beating in the N J.C Handicap at Maitland, so that, barring acci- dents, Vesper cannot have a ghost of a show. Bul- garia can beat Kuroka with a 9lbs. allowance. Gleam has 11lbs. from the top weight, whereas in the N. J. C Handicap she had but 1lb., but in the Forced Handicap at the Maitland meeting he gave her 20lbs and a beating, although that was a furlong shorter than the present race, and suited Gleam better, the mare ought to train on a bit in the week, but still should not beat Bulgaria. Volunteer, 7st 6lbs, would not accept when receiving 18lbs, from Bulgana, and is now 1lb worse off. Sir Solo- mon, it seems, has lost almost all his pace, and Bul guaria gave him 8lbs. and beat him bad in the Forced Handicap at Maitland, Hesitation is held safe enough at 7st. 4lb, although Mangallala Squatter at 7st. may run fairly, Kingcraft meets Bulgaria on 20lbs. better terms than he did in Maitland, but that is hardly enough. Lady Clifden ran a thorough jade in Maitland, so she cannot win if she does not alter her way strangely. Cremorne will doubtless be saved for the Flying Handicap. Bulgaria can beat Godiva and not half try, he gave her 2st 11lbs. in the Forced Handicap, 1 mile and a quarter, and for a furlong more only gives her 1lb. Neither Landsman or Lap- wing are, I think, good enough The puzzle is not in picking out the first horse, but in the second and third. At any rate I will try the trick, and put them Bulgana, 1; Mungallala Squatter, 2; and Kingcraft, 3; believing that Bulgana cannot lose without he has " trained off" a good deal during the last week. The next item I will deal with is the Nursery Handicap, in which there are also some mistakes Faust is top weight with 8st 7lbs, Lochinvar being next with 8st Faust, in the Nursery Handicap at Maitland, gave Lochinvar 8lbs and a beating over 5 furlongs, and now gives him 1 lb less over 6 furlongs, and will im- prove more than Kelpie's son. Lady Sophia is held safe enough by the big black colt, and so is Ethel Diadem is nota bad filly, and should run very well with 7st 7lbs. Meditation and the Psyche gelding are beginners at the game, but Eudocia I have seen and do not care about. Cruiser and Lavellette are two more green 'uns, Twilight meets Faust on 11lbs worse terms than the did in Maitland, where she was beaten. Faust should win very nicely from Diadem and Sophia unless one of the strangers is a clinker The Flying Handicap has a field of eleven, but the quality is not up to much when we find the second highest weighted animal a two-year old. Vesper heads the list with 8st. 7lbs , about a fair weight for her, and it is a distance which she likes Faust, 7st 12lbs; will run a good honest colt, but I expect the mare to fininish in front of him. Stanley, with 2lbs less, should run a good horse, and so should Mangallaia Squatter, 7st 7lbs, and if Cremorne starts she will want a lot of doing. I like best, Cremorne (with a start), Vesper, and Stanley. The Patrick's Plains Jockey Club Handicap has almost the same horses at the same weights as in the Singleton Handicap, and should Bulgana win the first day, the penalty will bring his weight up to 9st. Bosher 6st 2lbs reads very nice, and should the Tamworth horse win the first day, Bosher should win on the second, and be followed home by Bulgaria, and " the Squatter." 