OPENING OF NEWINGTON COLLEGE. The formal opening of Newington College, Stanmore, took place yestreday afternoon, and was attended by a large number of Iadies and gentlemen, who assembled in the great hall. Sir Wigram Allen, the Speaker of the Legis- lative Assembly, occupied the chair; and amongst those present were the Rev Messrs Gaud, Wilkinson, B. Chap- man, McCredie, Savage, B. Kenny, J. Oram, Sutherland, F. Tait, G Woolnough, W Clarke, Dr. Kelynack, Dr. Steel, Dr Garran; and Messrs H. Gorman, J. Byrnes, H.C. Fraser, W Davies, W Henson, M L A; J Roseby, M L A ; J Davies, M L A; G A Lloyd. M L A; W. Thomas, Kiss, Read, T. Rowe, and the Mayor of Sydney. After some devotional exercises had been engaged in, The CHAIRMAN rose to declare the institution open for the purposes for which it was intended. He referred briefly to his advocacy of the Public school system, and to the desir- ableness of establishing,under certain conditions institutions for higher education in connection with the teaching of re- ligous subjects. He next referred to good which, under Mr Manton and Mr Fletcher, had been effected at the college on tbo binlcs of tim Parnmntta Elver, and pointed out that it % as in consequence ot that institution becoming too small for tho requirements of tho comniumtv that the present ono wus undeitukeu Ho hoped that the success of tho college would bo enhanced bj tho removal to tho commodious and bciutiful building thej wero thon in Ho behoved it was intended to establish, in conneltion with tho now building, a theological ti arning echool foi thosj who intended to 10m tbo nnnistrj ! his w as a v ant long felt i ud ac ltnowleclKed Ho trusted that both institutions vould piosp'or and confer lasting benofltb upon the Gliuich uud the country Ho declared the college opon, and ¡saul that as ho was conipcllod to leavo ho would aok the Rev \\\ ii. Joyce to take the chun ilnllev W B Ji«co then took tho ibuir TIio Kov Mr 1 LfciciiFit, tho president of tho collego, read tho inaugural address, winch was ns lolloivs -"I ha*.o mu.h pleasure in tttiitinir tint tho first seholurship, to be known at, tho Sehofleld bi liolarslnp, has beon this dav founded, Mrs Sr-kolicld huviu¿ givtu £1000, tho interest on which is to constitute tho pri7o (Cheers) It need excito no suiprts that tins college, though occupied m July, lhbO, icetives this its lotnml op nmg in Jnunarv, 1S81 As m our fiunilj life tho biptisi ni ceremony is not u-unlh h «stoned unlit.!, tho poor biln is inoiibund, so wo niiiv titi} recelio to-day our olliniil nanin and recognition, after having umtiuued lon^ p iouDh t ) maVo good u piara among tho hung And boro it is right to lemember that the impulse to winch we owe tins inline must bo traced backwards to Julv, 18o7, when a meet- ing was hild in \oik-t>ticet chureii to aid in the erection of a dcnonuuutional tollo0e aliiliatca to ino uni- versity Ills ftcellcn ) ¡su \\\ illiam Denison occupied thn chair Tho meeting »us one of great uunuumtv and enthu- siasm, and tho sum of £i¿JJ 1 is \\\is then promis°d, mi lud lng u supsriiution of i¿0 pur unnuni from tho Governor huu elf lhough tint meeting did not accomplish its obj cet, und Woslej C Uc^o sutvivts only on the calendar of tho Untvtroit»,. vet mdireith it wrought n great und good work, for without th it meeting a« a urovocativo and a starting point, thib college would certainly not huvo buen standing1 hero to-da\ Jo thoso kcntlcineii who consonted to pa\ to tno building fund of this collogo tho subscrip- tions promised to Wesley College, our grateful acknowledg- ments aro hpecmll», duo-and arnon,?, these especi ilh to the lion William M'Arthur, tho presont Lord Mayor of London, and lu-, brother, tho Hon Alexander Macarthur, who not onlv travo £¿000 towards the college, but materially assisted tho Kev Dr líclviiack in collecting irom their fílenla m Lnglund a further sum ot ¿'iol But for Uicso surviving bpaiks und cmbcrB Irom tho hearth where the. tuniilv met 23 vours ago our ieatival bla/o to day would notj havo been so bright It vi as at the suggestion of Mr E Webb, of Bathurst, himself ti largo contributor to tho ob»err, that tho attention "t the council of Newington College was directed to the land around this build- ing as a smtabto homo for our pnncipil educa- tional institution Bv tho will of tho proprietor, tho luto Mr Jones, this, with other proputj, wus, aflcr the dcith of certain poisons who hold ii hfo mtcrost in tho F une, to be appropriated *' toi the further- ance ot tlio umso ot \V esloyau Mi thodism in tim colon*, of Now boutli Wales After lung and uiroful eonsidciation of the subject bv all tho district nicotines throughout tho colonv, thu lceoinmondation ot the council ot management wus appro» ed, and vi as then sanetiuned bj tho Contcrouec it wis t,iuerull) iigiood that no ubjeet could bo lound hugo enough to reprcsont colonial, and not meit)) local interests, and permanent i nuuirh m its eh tractor to represent thoso lnteiests lur all timo, that was moio woithv to bo entiusted with this "enoroiiB boquest tnnn tho long pio jeitcd collogo and theulojiuil nistilutnm In the ouo it wus hoped that Cltusti in lnlliunco arising out of tmth in Chi ist and m Uod's Hol> Word would aeeompany tor good the instruction of niinv j ou til s in preparation for common lal ana prritcasumal pursuits, and m tno other it was intouded thit tho theological btuopnts ehould ho thoiimghh possessed of tho Christi in voiittps which thev undertake to teach, as well as compotontlv furnished in whiNoovcr things ijnnlifv tho Christian iiiiiiistpr ol tho 19th contuiv to take his pi IPO as a skilful mid cultured, as well as an e truest, wot ker m that ever-widening hell oi Uboni in which publie opinion seems to oxpect huu to con j c in the foi v mr of ti seraph v\ ith tho halt-man half-horso phj sieul culurunco i f tho fabled centaur iho actual bite of tim college, including about four acres with tho serviceable cottngo at tho southern, end, was obtnnod bj purehu&o; and paid tor in jan bv subscripUun In De».cmbor, 1869, tho pouucil of in magoinont took tho iiist stops towards building Ci mpotitivo dphyns vvcro called for, and a public" bieaktast mcctin0 was held to raise biibscnptions Tho result, however, was loar rather than hopo ihe uudor tuking was reit tu bo vi rv great, unit tlio f johsh builder of the Gobpels seemed boloro om oves lil o i ghost of on! abpect, haunting tho vue mt sito at Stimioioioi neirly sovon years In lanuarv, IS70, iho eouncil determined that tlio tuno had como lor imnicdiato action, and teudir« woro eulled fn . Ou tlio lSth of M tv, 1878, tho building having h"ou ruispd to tho height ot the first floor, six meuioiiul stones weio lind bv tho following gentle mon - tho lto\ Dr íieriasa ¡ámith, roLnstrntitivo of the British Confereneo to tho Austi ihsmn fn ne ral Confcreneo, tho hon. Sir. G. Wigram Allen, Edmund Webb, Esq, M L A tho Rev. Wm Schofield, William Davies, Lsq , Goulburn and the Kov O. Hurst, on behalf ot llov T H llotiher, then disibkd by un au ideut Ihe building wus sullleieutlj advnuuu to admit ot uccupition by thu end of Jill), 1S80, and the VrcJUtut (with his fiuiilj), tho hoid-mastcr, und one residint master, wiro in lesuloiico before tho 1st of AugUbt The school opened with about 100 seholurs Four theological stud mt» woro also provided fui Iho i omit il ol main 'ement bet out with tho idea ot building willi briek, at u co t not to exceed £12,000 But sen itciible building stone lmin¿ been discovered in this ncybbouihood, mid in view of the exposed situation of the principal portion» of the structure, tho council i íeldcd to tho piiiitiiiiion ot their architect, Mr Rowe, and aouded that tho collego should be built ot fctoao, e\iopt the interior walls AA ith our o-tporiént-u of tho ditforcnco to bo allowed fur in transferring an elaborate architoctur k1 design trom paper and ink to stone and timber ind making it workable, tillowm,*: also for (the vast increase in tho cost of building during the period of our hesitation, it is probable that the design m brick would bivo ruu ven cioso te £20,000 boioro it was finished lho result is a moro costly buta more hundsomo und durable edifice (Cheeis ) It is right also to add that au ofliuont and attentive building com- mittee \ arched the progreus of the work to it) eorupli tion, and whatever faults may hoieatter otorcise critics thoy must bo put down only to tho want of etpononce in buildings of this itiud In try ing to raiso in you sentiment« of sympathy and admiration on behalf of this grout undertaking, I confess to boing hampered by its modem date Our building mocks us by its no A ness Our greatest want to-day is age All thu spicy bree/es that Loots celebrate would not bo worth so much to us to-day as a few whirls of venerable fustincss trom apartments dntk with antiquo furniture and trluniiier mg with old pictures, i tom whose charmed canvas gravo iiccsiof departed .soldier«, statesmen, mcrobauts, and divines looked dow n to remind us that we had noble ancestors And it wo could take \ou into un unoient libral y piled with the very ponderous loins on which grcut Doicnucs fed, us tho old warrior kings wore dieted on lions' marrow, this might inspire us with eloquence worthy ot tho day. Ihen instead of puny tiees, which too evidentlv aro of îecont planting, could wo scatter ourselves to-day undei ancient i bus great of girth and stout of arm hko tho giuuts who planted thom, or oaks knotty with the 6torpis ot ages, and under whot>u shadow noble knights mifht havo wiifcgod their beards o\er points of lovo and war, how could tho tamest brain not teem with thoughts hriglit and keon UH SJ arks of fire Tor this trouble sorao gloss of newness there is no doctor but lime (Hear, hear ) AA eil, then, let us change our point of view Alter nil, aro wo not thu aucontors ? Is it not oven so that wo who are hero to duy, and not wo ivith grey hiirsalono, but oven the owners of youthful forms and luces, wo till, it seems, uro the anciout worthies, wo ure tho vencrablo patrttrch-i whom perchance voun,*; Australians of the year of jymco 2OS0 shall call their ancestors, shull smile at our quaint attire, and be much amused at the old fashioned way in which wo Bpoko our olu spoechos on this corcmomal any Ibis, then, is to bo "lounders day," and let us auept with gratitude our respondido and honourable position It is our pwvilogo lo toko part to-day m the beginning ot that which, if God will shall centuries after wo ai o dead bo a famous contre of Ghnstiun education, boautiful with age, shadowed by nugjity tree-,, and rich in tho lore of usoful lives and of hoiioiuablo mimas It is loo uiiru to expect that some Australian fin mer s son may vet do foi us whut the yeomun's son, William of Wykohu-m, did for the gtcat school of Winchester 600 j ears ago i On his nomination to a bishopric ho was lepuuchid with his deficiency in scholar- ship, and is said to havo ropbod,-' I am unworthy but wherein I am wanting mvsolt that will I supply bv a brood of moro scholars than all tho prelates of 1 ngland ovei showed ' Harrow School, now ot such aristocratic dignity and world-wide fame, liad a tur humbler beginning thun our collego, when, about 300 years ago, John Iiyon, u farmer bom m thut parish, founded his freo gr tramar school. (Cheers *i Let me quote a few sen temes hore from Canon lnrrar -'When a few years aítei Harrow was touudod und as yet perhaps but a do/ou villago lads «at on th« bunches of a singlo room, tho Invincible Armada tame sweeping with its broad crescent lino the w aters of eur spa, and, aided by tho storms of God, our lew ships mot and scattered it, and urovo buen ita ducal leador in defeat and shame John Lyon must have exulted at this fresh proof of English prowess, and must have prayed -for ho waa a God-fearing man--that some of the young scholars of his new scholl, whom ho was providing with Bouud learning and religious education, might in their turn become bravo and loval and freodotu- loviuii En-rlia--«»»» m phtoie dnv pi ty the ii prfs loo i s nobly tlrtdinunfuîlv m tho trient bittlo of tim v uilu ' \nd now if John Lvon could rro fr< m his gnvo m the churohvard and walk . «mo ig tis, if wo could take him to tho fourth-form rriom, and show lum the name', of poot, and statesman, and vim nor, cnr/ed by their own boviuli hands upon the oaken panol«, if wo could thou him ho v from his village iiboil wore sent forth poets of undwng mrmorv, (,rcut divines, leiruel scholars, govi mora who mied millions o£ now subjects m distout provinces, eloquent oiators who huvn hold listening benitos nt thoir voico, statesmen w ho havo been foi omosr to guido tho dostinv of mili/el nations, mighty warriors who havo rolled the tempestuous thtndt ra ot v ictori o er lund and sea-if wo could show him thit his foundation has gained roi al pitronatjO und risen to unquestioned pro-ommenco, and bécomo n nun» and a power in English educa- tion fo" over, thiult you no1 that his whole heart would rejoico within him, and that from tho past history oí Hain w m hod, and tho mightv results «pungtiir* fro n (¿od s bl ssing on amill cauros, ho would wiMi vuu to learn at le ist thi i great lo-,^on, which his ow n nit, though dono b i cummin vcoman, co gloriously exemplifies-the gieit lesson that good deeds cannot die.' (Cheers ) I'IOIII this eloquent dc-eunt «of Canon Farmr coucermu,? this famous sehoo), in v Inch the princes and nobles of J n/land have been willing to enjoy the bounty of tho plum larmer John Lyon, lot us ponder also another lesson-'hat not this grout school onlv, but all, or nearly nil, of the ten f-roat publie schools of i nglutid i ro tho product of that ovcr-monmiahlo tolipous revival of tho 16th century, which gave to rngluud tho martyrs of Smithfield and Oxford, tho translate! i of the 1 uglish Bible, and tho Puritan founders of Iho gruit American Rep ibl.e Thoro is Ghi ist't, Hospital, the famous Dluetoat School of Loudon, founded bv our first Piotcsfjint king, Edward VI. How touching aud be uitiful is t]i s incident related of him in the In st month of his life und his roiga The charter of tho school was brou, ht to lum for signature, a blank being left ni Ino pitent for tho sum which his Majesty should bl pleased to grant ' Ho, lo iking on the void phire, called for pen and ink, and with his owu band wiote this sum, "4000 marks bv thovcat,"' and then sail in the hairing of the Council, "Lord, 1 vicld theo most heirtv thanks that thou hast given mo lifo thus long to Imiah this work to the glory of Hil name " lhat ivis titi «pint wjbich gavo buth to those p'iand sehoils, and whieh suwlj won tor thom from their votv bn th a blessing fiom hciven which has kept them fresh and v isorous to this d ty 1 know th it in building this col ligo wo havo aeeopted innuendo respone bihtj but lu the success ot publie institutions ¡is of men, 'tho race is not ulwuvs to tho swift not tho bittlo to the strsnp: ' Our collego might not pro»pcr though a monarch had lntd its » » » » » *- *1 «V.^1 íúiiuuaiioji-Ktone nun prime* min eiiricu-u n. »nu w u wealth It hw, doubtless, miinv diflh ultics to meet, many fluctuations to endure before we aro resolved into ancestral dust, before time has darkened these now whit» stones, io mded their «barp aii-les, and set the bmlclincr, hko tho mansion Milton once loved to look at. ' bosomed high m j tufted tiC03 ' But if Gol will, coming generations shall seo these things Wo noed tho gifts of the wealthy and tho counsel of the wiso but alovo all we need tho Divino ac coptiinco of our woi k lu tho soirit ot good 1\ ing Edwurd VI , I ask vou to loin mo every day, that rim fathers' God will bo with us, and will say of us, as, Ho bl d of another and a greater house m n.ros" long psst, ' I h ive heard thy piayoin and tbv supplications winch thou bast mado before me I have hallowed this houso, which thou bust built to put My name there tor over, and mv eves and my heart shell bo there perpotually ' I havo now Bind enough to bhoiv, if I mav venture to speik for othois as well as for myself, that our hope hi cicr-fins* thin college is to moko a substantial and ¡Ipoimamnt contribution to hierher Christian education in this land, and not niercK te si rvo tho interest of our own denomination Wo wish that as few porbons as possible min tbmlc tliPinsclvps iinnblo to i mko uso of rur college It w llf be coori, wo hope, tor others to meet U3 on the broad field of cnucitton, but Í am sure it will be good for ou'sclvcs to moot othcre thorp Anv elliss or society of persons living ilwnvs anning then own sot or sohool becomes 'inriovv m d lublo to streng prejudico If the Phansoo who was oo bcoinf ally thankful ho v. as not 'as this Publican,' hid gone to school with lum, it w likely ho would not have been quite so coneoitod (Laughter) Bo sides, it is in vidontngo ir field and oncouia^mg all who sympathise without innis to use our appliances that we shall bo ino't hlvclv to m untiiui educational efficiency even foi ourselves In sonic dissertations which I have Kud ou the Gubicct. of religious education I havo thought tho fact to be forgotten that m a school, ns a school, school work is first A« the fir^t business of a doctor is to oure his parn nts, and ot a shoemaker to mate good ßhoes, so the first business of a te icbcr nlwavs is to teach well Womiu have ..onie emull friends for whoso sake it is worth while to hny thiit this building is not erected for religions SPIV UPS AVowillhnvo yust so much of thom a» buits our mum design of getting good teachers and turning out irood flpholuis, iiblo to pass anv educational testa win ih our jtiht but austere stepmother-tho Umvor si'y-requires or which wo can ni any other way obiain, to gue us a hbirnl but not unmerited ¡-hereof educational renown 1 have sovenl times met men, I must hi> g-uierilh voting min, whose idea of a Method- ist has been denv Jfioni nading the voracious hiBtory of that oily sou of Bclinl, Mr Pecksniff, rather than from Ftudyinf tho Wi llingtou-liko faco and heroic career of John Vole j lhere are many instances m the story of John and Chnrles AVesltv which snow the invigorating influence ( f their lire fit the great« hoolsof AVpstminster and Charterhouse John Wtslot wi-ssoinothingiiiorotlienablus ti rio-, hold pre ichoi si i e lining ov er platitudes and truisms He could indeed lonu nind the attention of 10,000 people on u bree/v English common bv diseourues as remarkable for their logical strm turo and schol irh finish ns for thoir diroctne-s, earnestness, and spirituality. But he could also go home to stuuv natural seienct, "and its application to m> di me, to difcuss literature w if h ilr Johnson, to write n Btotcsmiiuliko letter to n Prime Minister, to v ago a vigorous polemic disciihsiouw iii uuy wit or schol ir of his timo and generillv it hu had am thing to oay he said it like a man of rho world, ana mon of nil clusHes were willing, to hoir htm 1 unions WislniirstnrwiiR the school of Charles AVcsloy, and fumons Cbirtci house tne school of John Wcslov llio dis o-phne in those davs was truh Spartau Bullying must have beon in its glory, for we aro told that during the five yens that ' Jacki*,' as his mother always calls lum, was at Charterhouse, his nllow ince of animal food was every day plundered ('convoy, the wine it call ) by tho bigger bovs And it docs not appear that ho was thon a belter bov than bo\ r generally would bo among such burbanan masters Hovvevci, neither tins fivo ye-irs' broad dietnor all the rough usnfo of the dornnfoiy and the play ground did auy mischief to the \oung athlete And ns I study his perfect command of temper, his immovable courage) his sense of humour, and his power of m inaging rowdies, BO ofton displayed amidst the mobs whoso violence continually i endangered his life, I como to the conclusion that tho groat Evangelist owed a good many of his fine gifts us a leader of mau to the contests und companionship of the Charterhouse. Tho samo lesson continually mears us in reading tho life of that noblo missionary the late Bishop Selwyn. And it will bo well if, while "hutting out the brutality which the poor clergyman's son from Repworth was made to fool at West» .minstcr 150 years ago, we can retain tho manliness and tho capability of noble thoughts and deeds which for so many generations have flourished there, without which Aus- tralia may be a land of sheep and shepherds, of wool and tallow, and selfish money-making, but will not be the home of a newer but not less heroic-England than that famous old England whose flag has for a thousand years been blown about the world in battle and in storms, and still proves herself as great us ever in learning and in commerce, in peaco and in war. (Cheers.) But now there crosses our path a spectre of insolence, destructiveness, and cruelty, for which we seem to want a name Larrikin is not an elegant word, yet it threatens to become historical. The name is not so inelegant as "sans culotte,' in the terrible story of the French Revolution. Thomas Carlyle says, 'In a prurient element, rich with nutritive influences, sans culottism grows lustily and even frisks in not ungraceful sport, as indeed most young creatures are sportful. Nay, may it not be noted further that as the grown cat and cat species generally is the cruelest thing known, so tho merriest is precisely tho kitten or cat.' It will probably occur to some of us that our colonial ' sans culotte ' is already passing from tho sportful kitten state into that of the grown cat, 'the crudest thing known.' The nutritive element in which this evil presence has grown so quickly is abundantly supplied in the public streets and parks of tho city. Tho proneness to mischief, tho selfishness. the irreverence, and tho gregariousness, which are instinctive in boys when let loose upon the streets, cut off from religious influence and domestic control, and polluted by contact with gipsies of tho gutter, soon break out in deeds of violence and shamo. The existence of such anarchy among tho lowest classes of society is constant. But evil creeps rapidly upwards, like fever-poison. Our business here is prevention. Our difficulty is in the proneness of tho most sensible boys to be deceived by what an old preacher calls ' tho fatal im posture and force of words.' "Consider what acts of dis- honesty, of senseless mischief, and of dishonour, violating promises and confidences, oven the better class of youths will tolerato, and then practice, with this excuse, ' It was only a laik. Truly says tho caustic Dr. South :-' From tho beginning of tho world to this day there was never any grout villainy acted by men, but it was iu the strength ol some great fallacy put upon thoir minds by a false representation of evil for good, or good for evil.' Many a moral contest was fought, out und won at old- tNuwinjrton whioh had no record in tho honour-lists or in tho story of tho sports of the year. Such battles are often tough and are not always successful, but we fight them not only for the children but for the parents. Let wealth accumulate as it pleases, it remains only tho more true 'sharper than a serpent's tooth it is to have a thankless child.' We who have to do with tho young must always mitigate our austerity by remembering what we ourselves were when we were boys. But we ask, and think we deserve, tho fullest co-operation of parents in requiring as the essential condition of any boy's entering our school that he shall obey our rules, and that we must generally at least be able to trust him when he knows that we trust him ; but our great preventive for the appearance or prevalence of the audacious anarchy which history may yet have to refer to as larrikinism', is to be found in an atmosphere pervaded by tho moral teaching of tho Scriptures—a teaching which demands respect for others and encourages tho chivalrous feeling towards women and children, and that dread of doing anything to increase the vast inevitable amount of human suffering which characterise every real gentleman and every consistent Christian, but which are rarely learnt thoroughly by boys, unless they are seen, admired, and taught at home. (Cheers.) Of our theological school I will say nothing now. It stands apart on its own ground, and is but in its infancy. But for that also we need tho genius loci -that refining influence of time-honoured names and heart- stirring recollections which Dean Stanley, lecturing at Oxford, thought ho could trace from tho times of Samuel and tho schools of the prophets down to the famous Universities of modern times. One truth I am sure we shall never cease to proclaim alike to boys and men, that science and religion are sisters and friends, not enemies and aliens. There are many present discords between tho findings of science and of theology. They are both young, and, being young are more or less liable to conceit, and precipitancy. Between theology and science them may be to tho end of time many discrepancies and controversies. All the births of Time are imperfect, and only when Eternity comes that which is perfect comes, and that which is imperfect vanishes away, liko amor- phous darkness before beauteous light. But between tho findings of that perfect knowledge of God, the Creator, to which a devout theology will always aspire, and that perfect knowledge of tho Creation for which true science must everlastingly hunger—between these findings as they advance there can be no discrepancies. Religion and science—what are they but two tall confronting pillars, which now to us pigmies who can emly creep around thoir massivo foundations, «»era to stand widdy apart ! Havo patience, trace the .mighty columns upwards, and when ive can truco them high enough into the lofty and ancient heavens, we shall see them approach, we shall see them curving into one stately arch before the throne of God, where discords were never heard, and where holy angels for unmeasured ages have worshipped and proclaimed, ' Just and truo aro all Thy ways, Thou king of saints ! Alleluia ! for the Lord God omnipotent roip;noth ! ' No, tho man was never born who could pro- claim the divorce of true theology and of true science. Science is the rainbow spreading her beauteous bands over earth and sky ; and religion is the pure white ray descend- ing from the same light-fountain to touch the meanest things of earth with hues of heaven. And both oxist in the world to lift man- aometimes through his intel- lect, and sometimos through his conscience-nearer to his Creator, but his Father. We must follow both these kindred splendour, and, as we may, hasten the time when science shall cease to vex theology "with its contempt, and theology shall cease to obstruct science with its suspicions. Let us not be charged, then, with vain ambition if, finding ourselves entrusted with the spacious area of land near the metropolis, wo havo dedicated it to this college. It seems a nobler thing, and juster to tho memory of the good man whoso liberality wo enjoy, to keep the land entire for one really great object than, to turn it into money to be scattered eJvor a hundred smaller objects and consumed in merely denominational enterprises. Be-" lioving as wo do in the imperial strength and permanence of Christianity, and that the scorn of scepticism is but the foaming of the fretful wave against tue over Breauiasi. roc«, -believing as wo do that Protestantism would be very unwise to allow the higher education of tho youth of this land to pass into the hostile hands which are so eager to grasp it,-behoving as wo do that the.Methodist Church, which is indeed the youngest, branch of tho great Protestant family in Europe "but one of its older branches in Australia, now after nearly sovonty years of hard pioneering labour in every part of tho land, holds a deep and enduring interest in the moral and religious woll-bcing of tho country ; and believing as we do in the growing great- ness of this colony of New South Wales, which last year added moro than 40,500 souls te its population, which one of its wisest and ablest Governors, Sir Hercules Robinson, has told us belongs to a group of colonies so fruit- ful, that if only n steady increase of 4 percent, on the present population bo maintained, in 25 years' time thero will bo fivo millions living on this island continent of Australia, which by the year 1950 would ot tho same rate have grown to thirty* millions, tho population of Great Britain in 1871 looking at these preludes and presages of greatness for Australia, and not least for this, the mother colony, with its mother city, which nature has made so fair, let UB not he counted rash and vain if in this our faith wo, who aro not a wealthy community, nevortholoss without asking a shilling from tho State, havo venturod to build this collego. (Cheers.) Novvington is a title as yet of no significance. It is, we may say, a blank page, winch, however, may yet be thickly written with memories of affection, with names of lustre, with traditions of renown. Or we mav say it is the flag undistinguished as vet, which floats to-day at tho masthead of the new-built, now-launched ship of our hope. From this day, Bail on then, good ship ! « Sall forth into the sou, O ship ! Through wind anil wave, right onward steer 1 Fear not each sudden sound and Bhoek, 'Tis of the wave and not the rock ; 'Tis but the flap*iiiiR ot the sail. And not a rent mude bj* the palo ! In splto of rock and tempest's roar. In spite of false lir»bts on the shore, gail on, nor fear to breast the sea I Oin- heurt«, our hopes, nre all with thee Our hearts, onr hopes, our prayers, our tear», Our faith triomphant o'er onr fears, Are all with theo-aro all with thoc ! ' " (Cheers.) Mr. W. DAVIES would havo been pleased if he had not been asked to speak after BO oloqucnt au address as they hod just heard. It would, he thought, have been well to select some oneof greater ability than he possessed to address tho meotihg. He, us well ns Mr. Fletcher, was engaged in tho endeavour to teach young people the way in which they should go. Ho had tried to inculcate upon the minds of young men the important duty whioh they owed. to themselves to encourage them iu the belief that they had in their hands the making of their destinies, and that they were capable of largo developments iiR regarded physical, mental, and moral qualifications. Ho Dointed out to them that they worn not at liberty to make for themselves characters which had no backbones. Their young persons, ho concaivod, must feel it incumbent upon them to becomo good linguists, good orators, good teachers, and Christians. Tho duty of a Christian Church, with respect to tho young, wa» to piuco them in positions in which rhoy might realizo what vas antici- pated of them. They should surround thom with circum- stances which would aid the development of «ay good qualities they might have, and should endeavour to foster in them feelings of ambition and eelf-reliunce. Ho believed that, with very few exceptions, the outcome of a large educational establishment like this would bo that tho boys would bo endowed with intellectual characters of a high order. In past years the Wcslnyan Church bad not, in hisopinion, dono all that lay in its power to promote education ; and the result was that numbers of its members were not fired with tho ambition to make the best tiley could of themselves. Ho had felt a deep interest in tbo present institution from its commencement. Tho new building was all that could be desired, and it was a pleasure to know that the children sent there would be educated in light cheerful rooms. All that ho saw conveyed to him tho impression that education was taking a fresh start, and that they iu common with other communities would have the opportunity of having their bovs made good all-round men. (Cheers.) The CHAIUMAN said he thought ho'would be shirking his duty if he did not offor to tnako a fow remarks. He pointed out the necessity of uniting home influence to the tcaohors' efforts, so that tho boat possible results might bo obtained from the teaching their children received. In a humorous way ho doscribed tho manner in which youths detected the imperfections of a master, and ho contonded that what they required was not a pedagogue but an educator with a large mind and loving disposition. Dr. KEIIVN'ACK then moved votes of thanks to Sir Wigram Allen for initiating the proceedings, and to tho chairman for the labours he had given to the Church fro»$ its earliest days,hore, omi for his-labours that evening in the chair. Tho motion was carried by acclamation. In the evening a tea mooting was held in the college, at which about 300 persons were present. After too, Tho Rev. Dr. KELYNACK, President of the New South Wales and Queensland Conference, presided, and said : " I am «uro I do but echo the feelings of this audience when I say that the proceedings iu which wo have boen permitted to-day to euko part have been to us all a satisfaction and a joy. It is now about twenty years since we began to discuss tho obligations of the Methodist Church to the higher education of the youth of this colony, with a view to embody our solicitude in an institution that should begin the work which was awaking our ooncorn. The result of that initial efforts prosecuted with a fair measure of vigour and effectiveness, has to-day culminated in a success of which wo may be justly proud. Whatever doubts attended the inauguration of this form of Church enterprise have long sinoe been dissipated, and the iustitutiou which was started as an experiment has demonstrated its value by results which even the most critical will not venture to challengo. It has commonded itself to our people as ono that stands approved on its morits : it has pursued a course that is highly creelitable to itself as one of the leading educational agencies of the colony ; it has sent forth many, advan tagod by its culture, to take an honourable place in building up the best iutorcsts o' the community ; it has so estab- lished itself in public esteem that many outside our own denomination generously uccord it not only their sympathy but, what is better, their practical support ; and, as tho conxequonce of all this, it has for some time claimed at our hands a more fitting habitation and a widnr sphere wherein it may exercisu its beaeficont influence. To-day wo dedi- cate this noblo pile to its uses. With all auspicious influences gathering round the enterprise in this its new de- parture, we venture to predict for it a career of yet greater vigour and moro distinguished success. And now, standing on tho spot whioh will remain for all time an abiding memorial of the liberality of a Methodist layman-lookiug round upon a structure which in its architectural beauty and its educational adap- tations is so fitted for the purposes which have called it into being-with a teaching staff whoso work in tho past may well command our confidence in the future-we risk littlo iii affirming that tho planting of tho college in this new loca- tion will bo attended with results that will demonstrate it to bo one of the treas of the Lord which is fnll of sap, tho fruit of which shall bless the families of Methodism and the work ot Methodism with accumulating benofaotion as time goes by. Our Church has proved itself everywhere to bo a great educator us well as a great cvangolist. Wore it othorwiso, it would show itself faithless to the spirit of its fonndor and to all those traditions of ontorpriso nud zeal in this direction which uro such a priceless heritage Kings i wood School, und the orphan institution at Newcastle, I founded by Johu Wosloy liuk themselves luobt fittingly i with those institutions ot modern times which by natural filiation have descended from them. Looking ut British Mothodisiu, what do wo find in tkiB »ospeotP Wo find this, thur it has three theological institutions for the train- ing of ita ministers, with a fourth projected, possessing tho highest talont which the Church can furnish in all thoso great departments of learning by «kiah the ministry of the futmoisto Iwflttod for Its vocation. Wound that it has quite n (lireiln of first-clos« -nhnriU. a,«u1 «m. Calieses. 0Í Sheffield and Taunton, and lînlfnst and Dubl*', aiu collo ginto institution of Launceston, tho Leys oonoo! at Cam«, bridge. Now* King«wood and Woodhouso Grovo, with th< great efforts that are now* afoot to increase their numboiy worthily reflect the interest that is taken by the leading: minds of Methodism in high-class education. And ro-<¡ speeling those institutions, wo cm-give no higher praisty than to say that they havo taken a position of houonu, besido similar OHt'ibli.sUnirm's ; that is the beslj endorsomeat ef tboir character. If we cross tha Atlantic, and look at American Methodism^ for. information on this samo point, here, too, we find nvidencaj that strikingly witnesses to its zeal in tho matter of advanced! education. On that side oí tho sea we find about ninety] Eoniinarics in which education is carried to that point that is required as préparât ion for a college in England. In,. some of these there uro 200 students ia attendance, graduate ing at tho rate of from twenty to thirty u. year, and in tho> benefits of rbeso seminarios tbo young women shara in com- mon with the young mon of tho Church. Besides these» they have upward;! of twenty colleges or universities. Five} of the?o could bo named fliar would furnish representative* of scholarship:! in every clouii'diiont of the collegiate Curri-', culuiu equal to any number of similar graduates iu tha United Kingdom, "rkeso colleges require thrco years at preparation for admission to their classes-they hav^ a regular four year.-.' course* of instruction-the* graduate to the e-miinion degrees of colleges ana universities, and tkair profcÈôrs are men of largo literary culture, many ol' whom havo been graduates of the oldest institutions of tho country, while a fair pro- portion havo spent tinco in* four years m German institu- tions. From tbcsu the numbers of graduates run at about the rate of 100 a year, and us showing the value attached by American Methodism tri literary and general culture' for the ranks of tho ministry, it îmiv bo named that there aro about 40(1 graduates in tho.-o colleges who are in train- ing with a viow to the great work of preaching. In addi- tion to these they havo their theological institutions, oí some of which tliey muy justly boiist. The Boston In- stitute, which has in its various« faculties scholars of vory considerable eminence, is doing u. nobio work and rejoices? in endowments of about 'J0O.O0O dollars. The Chicago Institute has nn endowment itmounting to nearly 300,008 dollars, which I need haidly say enables it to do ita work with great freedom from financial embarrassment and, therefore, on a, aculo uud in a style of the veryhigheac' effectiveness. The Drew Theological Seminary," locateet within 25 miles of New York, which I hud tho pleasure of) visiting, owed its origin to the fact that one of tho princely' laymen of transatlantic Methodism consecrated to it's; establishment a half a million of dollars, and his ambition/ was to ranko it worthy of the great objects for which it wai ' founded. Hero there aro chairs for practical, systematic,' historical, and exegctical theology. In addition to" this* thorough theological drill, the students have also a fairly! comprehensive ceurse ot classical insuuctiou j^ooKing. then, at the number and oharuoter of these institutions for the ndvoncod íntellctu ii culturo of the j outh committed M its care, Atnoiicau Methodibm has pro »red itself worthy of its parentage and has becomingly emulated tho Church thal} sent it forth in staving to give to society largo» minded, truo-hcirtcd and able citizens tis the leaders' of opinion and action m all those matters that concern tar public welfare Nor ai o we vv ithout j ust cause for satisfac- tion m regard to this sanio matter m connection with Aus- tralasian Methodism In niv own judgment, the work thati has boon wrought ia one in which wo moy feel a fair mcasurei of honest pride Within the period in wbieh we havo beer« orgum/ed into a soparate eeelesiustical sjstem, we have have built our churches and parsonages, and scbouols that dot the land We have dev eloped machinen for sending the Gospel into tho places beyond in connection with out. homo missions, and bnvo contributed with an ungrudging libernliti to sustain mid oxtond our work among the heathen in these southern seas And while thus we have given ample proof of our evangelistic character as a Church, wo have* not forgotten the duty which wo o» ed to tho cause of educa- tion m its advanced lorms HortonCollege in Tasmania, Wes- ley College in Victoria, Prince Alfiod College m South Aus- tralia and now this noblo building in N S W testify with/ au oloquenceot utterance which there is no mistaking, that we havo not been unmindful of our obligations to that work which will warrant us to tako befitting place among tha Churches as an agency that seeks to combino the higher training of tho intellect with the higher training of tho heart As to the specifio uses of this institution they are sufficiently known to require little more than a pawing allusion on mv part One grand- aim that we nave m view IB to provide tor such of the youth ot our Church as may; require it a high-class education in . college ol our ownJ where their morals will bo looked after, aa well as theil} minda, and from whioh thoy will go ont with such higbi notions of duty and with such a strong and well-balaacec} character as will fit thom to play well their part in the world,; whatever that may be. Now, if we failed1 in our1 duty here, wo should bo guilty of «rest folly and should, I do not hesitate to say, stand convicted of un- faithfulness to their interests who har«» e> primary alum upon our thoughtful solicitude We have in the work o i the past earned a good ropute by that spirit of seal for tha' religiously destitute which has reached out its arms to the lowest, and while I trust that glory will never depart from us, I also trust that wo shall display due forecast and am- bition in ronrd te the training of such as are at the other polo of aoeiety-tho class from whom are to oom« those» who shall stand in the van of all Church scheme «not Church effort the men of might in the future who shall take their pluce IIB servants of the State in the highest ranks of service In tho coming timo the Church that will umtu cultured intelligence with Christian consecration . will bo the Church that will toke a foremost pohitiou m furthering tho cause of reli- gious and social well-being And may I not say in thor unme of Methodism that the ambition to occupy such tv position ia «mo wo uiuv worthily cherish From this and similar institution» wu want to send forth them who shall havo well-stored nnuds in union with a spirit that glows with tho impulses i f the kighe&t; piety, who will become» the preachers imd Evangelists of the future Wo »ant also to tram them who sh t'l no nttcd in other ways to extend anti strengthen tue mttieits ot our Church who bhall bring wisdom to hei couuculs u d breadth to her schemes, nud fervour to her etoits, i>o that the lusioiv 01 tho future ehalí be such in expansion ot tuo i bt t, mm iairlv be expected from our position and obli^aeteme And m cherishing thcbo desires vu viuut in tUis wav ti contilbuto ' our quota of mflueneo m ii ouldmg the character ot the joung attion with tua highest íuíluonecs oi Christian lifo mid wo»"k, so thit it may become» what we all desire- it should b , gio it not onlj in territory and material we-ilth, hut stijimoio in those qualities winch will fit it to iullil tho tust which Providence has manifestly committed to its hards as one ot tho trent agents in the evangelization ot tho v/orld As ti thit part ot our aim which intends thm pluto to bou divinity-hall for oui min- isterial studenta, vve mo all agieeu us to its desirableness and importeuoo. Indued, this is the necessary correlativa of that other training to which wo adverted just now. A cultured laity will require, as tho giound ot tho necessary fitness of things, a cultured ministry. And I need not stay here to show that the work of primary education in our common schools, and ot advanced education iu our high schools, ns well us that general education which goes forward in our schools ot art, and through, the culturing influences of tho newspaper press,. create un imperious demand for a well -trained and tully - equipped ininibtry. The lile of the community in wliioh. wo -livo is one of keen, intellectual activity. Tho very process ot thought which obtains iu bunnies», in social disoussion, in politics, sharpens the intelligence of society tu such an edge that it is intolerant of anything like feeble- ness or incapacity in those who aro its spiritual teachers.. Add to this the eagerness of debate that prevails in refer* enoe to the great doctrines of the Christian faith-not very Srofound, it must be admitted, but eager, meddlesome,* ofiant-and Ave havo in these facts uu urgumont of tho strongest kind. Why, the teachers of the churches* should be clear-headed, broad-cultured mon, io per- fect sympathy with tho times, who shall have tha capacity as well us tho desire to lead mea forth alona the trauk of strong sound teaching on tho highest topics. In speaking thus, I do not disparage uativ;' force. The history of our Church < ehowB how largely Methodism is indebted to that native force, aided in man] cases by such culture as is furnished through vigorous sell, help. But the problem which we have to solve is, to gel all the nativo force wo can developed and strengthened bj tho best educational training ive can give it. We m»j proceed by little and little ; but that must be the aim whiol wo steadily labour to corry out. And while looking al zealously us ever to have in our candidate« young mai whoso hearts tho Lord hath touched, with a fair-average oi bruin power and aptitude to tench, we must aud thereto by, diligent training all that culture of mind, and riches of resource, and thoroughness in theology, which will impart authority to their teachings, and command the respect and confidence of all who may have to look up to them as their instructors and guides. That ve havt brought tho undertaking to euch a stage of ad vuueomont, and with BO much financial success, is, I think, matter for thankfulness. But there is still ampio room for liberality and labour. We bave in this in- stitution a noble piece of machinery for doing one of the greatest works to which we can devote ourselves. But one result of the existence of so much debt is, to affect some- what tho freedom und, through that, the full effectiveness of its working. Our chief engineer, the worthy prosidont of the college, ÍB anxious that we should ease tho bearings ' and lighten the .strain of tho whole; and, to effect this purpose, I know , of no better lubricating oil than an ample supply of current coin of the realm. If we may not cherish the hope that wo shall get all wo want to-night, wo may venture to believe that we shall, either in cash or promises, get a fair < measure of what wo Avunt. Our friends have often noticed that when smart business mea have something which they consider good that they want to form into a company and place upon tho murhet, thoy give it a taking name nnd descant upon its me/its, nnd hold oat the assurance that it will pay good dividends, and thus they mnnago to catch tho public eye, and tickle the public ear, and stir tho public heart, and open tho public purse by these means, and thoy send it forth timid, mutual oongmtulation», upon its prosperous or perilous course. And, so taking a leaf for tbo timo out of the booka of such, we sav that we I have here an interest which, in its valuo and in its claim« upon tho attention of the Methodist publia, may be said to be second te none. Already it has yielded returns upon the out- lay-represented by something that is bettor than ooah which will equal any thing that has oome from the most re- '. munera) i vc speculation we have indulged in, while, wit' regard to the future, wo may say tha tthe dividends, aim' in ch'iruntor, will bo greater even than in tile paajb-,M ' ' wbr.t wo want tu do to-night, is to take those of rone-____J5 into partnership with us who havo Dover yrtis!} *L.-___,__] in tha concern, to enlarge the interoata of *.**& na**1? ajroady invested, to comB",,v< it tQ 'aV , -.".v tÜÖM' *-«tr throughout the colony who have up to tho present, looked with inelifïeienre upnn the entorpriso and so give it an im- petus uhieli shall pel ma ten h benefit its futuio oncritions Wo want to lessen oin e i 'm* litibihtv anea picpaio the way foi the mc e -two n cipi «1 Vnd I v entino toi \ vvooandoit It I must mjii to i i lethod bj which inv prophecy is (O>L ti ii ntel into a faet I lill do so md if my pira be re udop el in its eivtnoness, it will if it ha taken unto uni nppiCoiable e\t tit, tell bencllci-llv upou the fintneiil etn'itiiin of the college. My ultu, then, is lids Iete\p-\ o'd studct bo nppetlcd to foi n subscrip- tion m ta'.on of rntiulo foi tho bereut, liol bis received it .xcwiu0ton Let eil pu cuts who hi vo beni ited in li' u n euner "tal then sub- sidy to th t o* iher" ibildi*n to help (ho common fund Let the irinnls who did so well it in si, and who I have disehi ! ed then 1I°J lity, pleito finn nd tal o a tenu of oue, t io en thicc j eua foi the redemption of thou t>kd0üthit luev nin\ ( net' o ¡t oie Let thc-o who hepe, as tinto £,oes o i to send then childi on hithet pvoaneamct oí Ü it purpose bv ¡,ivms;nh intimo ne t»tib>tiiD ion to icduco ti e debt rinh , let oin itinci mt inelol tti" iblo and \erv BuecP"-tul helfe , ,Ir "v îlkinson, su crp a vet wider circle, i id co ne b ck to the lino v îth the i coils of his lnbouis latten with ho lev, winch ho 1 novs well neons in tüís cuso it on<>v Anl bv fta mc ms our eil a K1 cn erpriso and libeiiihtj. vi ill p ep r i1 wiv of Ac un^rton, along which it vv ill 'pool v\ Hh 0ititer procric » rnu nobler results Pim Senior Iioisncr then itid a imana ii btateracnt, showing ti o a noLjt c p 'did on tho College, ou tho purehi'o or foiu ncica of lund, and in impioung the ¿.mundi I 1 "[-.-< ii ~ r » i n», T_» tue j-vov. \j. \\\ ooLxoroit, J.U.A., Raitt:-lue J-.oru Chuuiberliiin of this ceremony is responsiblo'for placing mo in the fore-front of this platform and this assembly. I suspect lie muJitated a little pieeo of pleasant satire, think- ing that I might be us?fnl if not ornamental, or vies versa. 'Who can tell ? Anyhow, Mr. Frazer has gathered hero what, under other ciicumstiinces, ouo would bo tempted to spout of as un assemblage of wealth and intellect and beauty. It is a- fitting thing that such a gathering should bo presont to hoar tho decisive declaiution .made by Sir Wigram Alien, to-dny. For y eui s the best friends of this college have waited to hear it said that for scholastic purposes and divinity study, this building, BO long talked of, and so long in course of "erection, lias opened. its doors. Wo eau now wall: into it, and walk over it; literally, and metaphorically too if we please ; and, in sooth, ¡we have already dono both. I have heard this place spoken of as a white elephant. If it bo an elephant, let us. bo thankful that it is a white one. Possibly those who take this view of it and laugh at their own wit, will bno day laugh on tho other side of their faces. .Coming events may remind thom that in liko manner the fated Trojans laughed nt the wooden horse left on their ¿trend. ÀVith light hearts and strong hands they drew it into their city, not knowing that it contained tho cream of ¡an army which under cover of the night issued forth, and completed n long siege which left Troy in ruius. But this pew building, at best, is only an educational appliance, pad wo must keep that in mind.' An immenso stride an advance of tlis past it may be, but thora will como a future which may throw even this into ¡the shade. There was a time.in history when all eortsof discipline, scholastic, military, penal, and eccle- siastical, woro run upon tho severest lines. When that jlisciplino had killed hundreds of men instead of making ithem soldiers ; when it had crippled boys instead of making ¡fchern men ; when it had made thousands of hypocrites and. traitors instead of saints, a moro humane spirit bogan to prevail, a truer spirit:-truer to humanity, truer to God. It revails now, and we have good rca60u to rejoice in our _ ay ; but let us still remember that it is a clay that will havo jits sunset and its to-morrow, a to- morrôw that may bo (brighter and better und longer than to-day. I havo been .looking at this building to seo if it (loos nnswor to «no's ideal of an edifice intended for educational (purposes. Every building should havo its purposo written Sipon it evory whore. From a soup kitchen to a palace one fehould be able at a glance to tell the design and use of nu edifico. When this is tho case ona feels a pleasure which ho may not bo able to analyze, and does not caro to name, iat least, I often felt that when in England. The architec- ture of the old country is not brilliant, it is solid, lllio the Englishman himself." You feel as if England's great ¡buildings were erected in presence of tho Frenchman's fear that ho might fall over tho side of the island. But withal, can a mau who knows what gold moans, what menu s .the monoy wealth of the richest peoplo in tho world, ever doubt that that low, solid, substantial, but unpretentious edifico in Mansion House Square is the greatest money 'depository in the world, that is, the Bank of England ? On ¡his right is a loftier und more imposing structure. It has à noble entrance, it has right royal proportions within, and even the door-keepers a stranger might mistake for wealthy bankers. Every column, every arch, every portal, says this is the greatest money exchange in the Avorld, the Hoya! Exchange of London. AVell, wo havo some right to look for tho some thing hera, Scholasticism is one of the oldest interests m tho world, and in a placo liko this wo ought not to forget the past. We ovvo to it a debt which we can never pay, it is so largo ; and some one mav say wo need not try, because our creditor is dead. Wo have received from the past some of our best knowledge concerning the llr.it principles of life, and some of thoir best methods of application. And it is tho man who was first to do a thimr that popular judgment over holde to bo tho hero. Brunel may havo builr tho Great ..Tiasleru, but there was a ship-builder before tho Deluere. Franklin may have taug-ht us how to utilise the lightning, but thero was an electrician who lived two thousand years ¡before Franklin was horn. I believe thero aro lines of architecture old us Ino Pyramids, beautiful as the temples of Athens and the arches of Rome. We should liko to seo thom here. I think wo do. Possibly wo havo got moro i than wo am pay for at present. \Vc have got somo things, may be.uofc wanted at all ; but, at all events, there is a very Btatoly ¡if not antiquo façade to this edifice ; the interior suggests quiet without gloom ; and, without tho severe dis- ciplino of tho past, wo shall expect to seo life equally simple in this place which wo now consccrato to God and our children. I Eurposely remind myself thai this is to bo tho home of oys. And one of tho first thinjrs to be thought of for . thom is their physical health, The physical hoalth of a , growing boy is a matter of first-class importance. Health, growth, and fruitfulncss, wo think of in the cultivation of » inferior things. Thoy must have root ko-utli, stem growth, and branch fruitfulncss. Tho boys of this school must . have ainows that aro strong, blood "that is pure, brain that ¿s of full quautity and weight. Such things havo not ¡been forgotten hore. Tho dormitories, the dining jhall, and tho lecturo-rooms of this edifice, aro ¡nearly of tho samo dimensions as thoso provided iu fever ¡hospitals. They will bo filled with fresh air, balmy light, not too cold in winter-lot us hopo, not too warm iu summer. (We shall expect, therefore, to see Stanmoro College sond out, not giants of course, but men of cultivated physiquo ; not athletes oithor, who can do nothing so welljas wrestlo at football or hunt leather on a cricket-field, but men who by a judicious use of pleasant rocreations have prepared thotn 'fielves for tho systematic realities of daily lifo. ¡But wa must specially keep in mind that this "placo is ïor boys during a critical period of their mental growth ; and it is just hore that one is met by one of the groat ques- tions of tho day. It is this-how far should our school lifo foe of tho nature of mental cultnro and how far should it be 'a special preparation for the practical duty of a busy lifo ? 'On this subject I will venturo to say there has been "a little confusion. Possibly it has arisen thus: It used to boa fact that roon of leisuro weio tho men of highest culturo; and, also, this was a fact that tho hard work of tho world was done by uncdu ' catedmen. Culture und leisuro, ignorance und labour, were Sour factors deomed to bo incapable of any other combina- tion. Of course, it would be ubsurd to speak of cultured » ignorance, and laborious leisure, nnd it carno to bo thought equally absurd to speak of leisurely ignoranco and cultivated labour. By and by, howovcr, it dawned on the world that some of tho leisured classes woro profoundly ignorant, and that Bomo of the most laborious men in the world were groat scholars. Instantly, then, schoolmen began to dispute over tho question, which is best, puro culture or personal fitness for practical iifoi1 1 hope to bo forgiven for being ' unublo to seo that thero is it very broad ¡ino of difference between theso two things. A cultivated mun may not havo very much technical knowledge, but pul him to gain it alongside of one who lacks his culture, and seo who will Win the race. On the other hand, an export in his vocation may not bo exactly a cultivated man, but put him, now, to a widor " field of study alongside of ono who has everything to learn, and seo who will be the first to cover the ground. Anyhow, in a place like this, wo must begin with what is called cultuie. Wo may Boon begin to give it ii practical direction if you pleaso; but we must begin with culturo. Now, that fe a work so great that ono may well tremblo to undortako it. Some of tho speakers hero to-day ure sure to givo prominence to What is called mental excellence, and others to what we nr.11 mnr.il Prpnllniipn T will lenvp thpSO snCCisl dODllrt- I mente to tlum, nid use my light is the Hist fcpcakor to Jool ov er tho cnhio nipa 1) iv id called upon all that w us within lum to piaipp God Have wo over just fhou-rht of that-ill that is within one P lot n mii"ter lock ut a bov nnd try to gauge all that is within lum JNOW, !" is bound, it possible, to touch every ficultj there He lins not cducited Uirt boy if ho has uiurj <-d his re 0] live fnc ii le only, io if he has developed onli 1 s Fy ntl elie ."miiPio I he powers of anaH sis aro (hue foo mid more their mo gonume mntive powers as v eil "v'oii niif-t finch them ill nor pronounco a boy dull luitil y ui a e jinfc run ti ii tho KOII oi his entua soul is v> i¿if int- in t'ic t omliliOJ of a (Ultivnted lito On the Rilh .(cuB beitcili dated t di this I cannot now enluige But lhere nie uni ulm linn' liaimony to guide us Light is for the eye, sound is foi thocir, sweets mid bitters foi the p ilute 'ile el iwsoi hiumont ícpch thomind Rehßion, ethics, penn e i id art api eil lo thr-ir complementen oowois of rand uni' a j m oí i ol the Biiiipl<*ft olfoits of life, out natuie mde us Lnc ii u, if we wi'l ilion bet übe will le oui guide A most import mt thing for Ub to 1 epp in mi d is tho ioiimtiou or a good lind ill-r tuna chin ii IPI Hie manifold repetition of any deed becomes n habit, and a collei tion of these habits becomes a elim ctor Of nece sity, ciinincter is us muni - Bided as a soul LvervMituoib said to hnvn i*s contrary vice, against winch y o easily tile raining, but it IB equally ti no that every streng virtuo has its coi responding gentle \n tue, whi cn \u ure not unbl el to forget And very great indeed ii the intluonee o\ciled ou young men bv the atuudiitds oi elma ter w hieb w o set up I cannot now i 'bato on all the so but on oi e of thom I nm peisitaded to i at least a word oi tv o-that is, on our hocuil ( y.Hid Ono would like to know how it comes to TOSS ^L^nJr_or the biam is HO much more leäpeetable than .no v-i hcrl i hend Who has any right to say it is labelled- U to till fieldB, and tend flocks and herds? I JADV.- net us honourable to receive tho golden . fleece almost directly iiom the hand of God, as to tako golden fees from criminals invslids, and circuit ste\ nrds i You seo the mo two bides to il p ques- tion Labour of tho hand has God foi a pivmaster aid labour of the binni is ptiel foi alter ti voto iu the IIiuso, en after tho b 11 of charecs has "teen fixed by th« Ma tot ia. 1 qmtv 1 et us tri to put do« n thio 1 nul of Hun., Honour to whom honour is duo, and honour lies in eh raetei, not in bt i ion Ietitbe 1 JO in thereteuo, tint in this ] laco bovs viill bo (Plight to lo\o tiulh, to pi íctico iipiurhtnc-s, to honour troxlnoos anel tint he is the be t mm who ombodios most ot tho sublimo spirit, and emull tsmost | fintiitiillv the uni) u illclcd ltfo, of out Lord Jesus Christ. '.OHIO other neltli esses of an mit resting cb irnct r vv ero delivered, and a ebon, under the duction of "\Ii J S liuthnance, sang somo sioied pífeos» v ith excellent efloct I it vins announced that a collection m ido dunng the day i amounted to £oo0 