"Willitvn Bvowu— A Human Monitor. As our ren il era know William Drown was executed onThiiMday I, tat at Darlinghurst gaol. We have hitherto refrained from making any comments that might possibly prejudice his case, Now the necessity for silence being lit an end, we think a short account of the man anil his history on the Manning will nut bo out of place. William Drown had heett over twenty years a resident of Ihe Manning, occupied in farming ami other pursuits ; for a number of years he fanned a piece of ground at Oxley Island on the Lower Manning, and employed labourers to assist him in his farming operations, He had then n wife and family living with him, most if not all of the latter were born in the district, Itut since, owing to ill-treatment or fear nearly all left hint, some to reside in Sydney, and olhets obtaining employment where they could get it, being either driven away or I leaving him in eonseijuence of ill-treatment, His character is well known here, no one ' had » good wt fM for him, and he seemed to be a man whom everybody feared and distrusted ; his face bore the expression of low cunning anil lie gave the impression of it man ' who would not stick at triflca to gain his etuis, and j et when he was grcntjy excited he exhibited all the ferocity of a wild beast who would if lie could tear to pieces all who opposed liim. For the last few years he had been residing on a selec tion on the Tinonce and Wingham road, consisting of about 200 acres, It was h'cre the crime for which lie suffered was committed, and from the evidence it was proved that the report was true that this was not by many tho only time the offence had been committed, and which was mainly the cause of the desertion of his family. A. grave suspicion, which with many amounts to a conviction, existed, that he was instrumental in depriving a lellow-crenture (if not more than one) of life. Some eight or nine years ago a man who had been working for him for three years mysteriously disappeared, it was rumoured at the time that Drown owed him a sum of money for wages and was pressed for payment ; alter cations having taken place between the parties, joined to the lact of the man having left a pair of new boots behind him and other circumstances of a suspicious charac ter, raised doubts in people's minds as to what had becorrc of him. About two or three years after the occurrence, Drown who was only a tenant, expecting to be ejected, it is supposed, to prevent any one taking the farm and to bring it Into disre pute in the hope of being able to retain it, raised a report that the house was haunted. This caused considerable sensation on the river, parties going down to investigate the reason night after night, and for a long time the matter was not elucidated. One gentleman who went to visit the spot to satisfy his curiosity told Drown that he be lieved there was nothing in this ghostly visitation, but thought he was a great im postor, was very .glad to make his exit from brown's premises to itis boat as speedily as his legs would carry him to es cape from violence at brown's hands. At last it was found that the ghost, which although not visible, made itself hoard by whistling at certain orthodox ghostly hours, was a daughter of brown's, and that the whistling was simplyanact of ventriloquism. A large number of visitors went to brown's house and remained all night, in order' to interview the ghost, and as many of them went provided with other spirits to enliven the hours of darkness, their visits were by no means unwelcome to Drown, brown's landlord, the late Mr. Flett, told him the he must get rid of the girl or leave the farm, for he would have no ghosts there, so the girl was sent to Mrs. Conroy's, at Cundletown, until an old man named 1 hoburn, since dead, in no measurd terms told her he would have no ghosts there, and the whistling ceased. This girl went to Sydney to service, and her father went to visit her, and she did all she could to avoid him. Upon her mistress remon strating with her upon her unnatural conduct she said, " He might kill me as he killed a man before." The mistress ques tioned her, and afterwards gave information to the police authorities, and an investigation and search was made by the police without any result. It is well known that Brown was in debted to this man for labour, and that he left the adjoining farm (where he was employed) one night to ask for his money, leaving a new pair of boots behind him, and he was seen no more. There is a mystery hanging around this man which has never been removed and it appears that one ol Brown's daughters has, since her father's committal, corroborated the story that the man was killed. There are many rumours abroad respecting Brown, but as we cannot S vouch for the correctness of all we refrain from f ' saying more. We are not aware whether he has ' made any confession, but from our knowledge ol the man we think it unlikely that he would, and there is little doubt that some of the family can, if they choose, give information sufficient to clear up the whole matter with regard to this and several other circumstances. A course of crime and vice indulged in for a long time has estranged his own flesh and blood, and at length brought him within the iron grasp of the law, to meet his retribution at the hands of the common hangman, unregretted and_ without one friend to mourn his loss, for not a single person has been heard to drop a sympathetic word since his com- mittal for trial.- — Manning Times. Some years ago (says Sir. H. Parkes) the Government bought that estate which is now known as Callan Park, at one-sixth of its present value. They gave £ to, coo or 11,000 for it, and now it was worth £60,000 or £yo,ooo ; but they never could have bought that estate for that money if they had allowed it to be known beforehand that they were going to buy it. They kept the matter a profound secret, and engaged a broker to buy it. It is rumoured (says the Goulburn Argus that the head of the firm of the Goulburn Brewery has been left a fortune ol .£50,000. 