TURF GOSSIP. Bv Faicok. On Monday next wo aro reminded that somo rery important entries havo to be made for tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club meeting, to bo de- sided next month, on the 10th and lfitli respec tively. Until this year we havo never boasted of any club in tho metropolitan district, excepting the Victoria Racing Club, cnpablo of attracting the best horses by the offer of valuable prizos ; but on the occasion alluded to the prices are of such a nature as to provo attractive lo tho most powerful stables in the colonics, and the result is that a very largo amount of patronago is pro mised to that enterprising club which claims for its own tho now woll known course at Canlficld. Tho advertisement is not new to tiro sporting public which sets forth no less than 1500 sovs. in stakes divided over twelve racc3, and so far as those entries already made can signify, the programme > evidently hold in high esteem by tho owners of racehorses, who hare entered mo3t liberally for that portion of tho bill of faro which closed somo time hack. Of tho twolve races mentioned thero arc still nine to bo entered for, and those arc the stakes to which attention is directed. Tlioy compriso a Selling Race of 50 sovs., with a sweepstakes or 2 sovs. to tlio second horse ; weight for ago ; tho winner to bo sold for 50 sovs., with an allowance of 7 lb. in weight for every £10 in value ; and as a matter of trial the nomination is set at 1 sov. only, which should induce a largo entry. Then comes the customary Hurdle Race, with 75 sovs. added, two miles. The next two races— the Foal Stakes and Guineas — bciug already enterod for, brings us to the Corinthian Handicap Fiat Race, of 50 sovs., to he ridden by members of tho club or qualified amateurs. And lastly is tho Toorak Handicap, of 100 sovs., one mile, a race which is not likely to be neglected by those possessing fast horses. This concludes tho first day's racing, the second commencing with a socoud Handicap Hurdle Race, with 75 sovs. added, olio ratio and a half, the handicap not making its appearance until after tho first hurdle race has been run and de cided. The Nursery Hadfiieap, of 100 sovs., with tho weights founded on tho running of tho Foal Stakes, and other lwo.ycar.oid races which may have taken place this soason, for many reasons should offer strong inducements to owners of young horses to nominato. Thoro is 300 sovs. added to the Caulficld Cup, for which an acceptance of o sovs. is due on Monday, which will ho' an - exccliont prize. Hore tho second horse will receive 100 sovs., and the third 60 govs, out of tho stake, which will still he rich, as the stako carries a sweepstakes of 10 sovs. with it. Thoio horses which have won 100 sovs. since the declaration of the weights will incur a penalty of Sib.; of 200 sots. 51b.; of 600 sovs., 7 lb. extra, the penoltios not being cumulative. Here tho distance is ona of tho cbiof recommen dations to tho race, it being confined to a milo and a quarter and a distance, which is within the compass of most horses. Oao of tho most interesting events of tho day will be tho race for tho Findon Harriers' Gold Cup, valuo 100 sovs., to bo ridden by araatour riders ; and as most of these gentlemen taking part in the chase will bo riding horses they iinvc often ridden to hounds, thoy will be assisted by a confidence not always shared when riding a steeplocbaso. There will bo a largo field for this event, and tho gcntleraon jockeys will have to don either scarlet or green coats. After tbis will coma tbe Opon Ktcoplcchaso with 150 sovs. addod, and if this sum does not command an entry of our beat horses, it is hard to say what will. To conclude, thoro is the Windsor Handi cap with 100 sovs. addod, over a distanco of three-quarters of a milo. This is open to all horses, und, like the Toorak Handicap, will prove to bo a very popular stake, the. woights not making their appearance until after tlio first day's racing. As swoepstnko3 are attached to nil but tlio initiative Selling Race, tho amounts given will le considerably swelled. It is therefore only necessary for owners to romember Monday noxt and have their entries in as early as pos3iblo be fore fonrp.m. Fairly patronised is ail we can say of tbo Hal- larat Hunt Club Meeting. Saturday, as a sport ing day, finds considerable opposition at Uallarat; rcopie put their banks up against it, and say it interferes with business, so they do not patroniso the races. For my pari 1 have novcr seen them patronise any day for yoars past, and havo long inado up my mind that their spirit for sport lias died in them long sinco. Nor was tlie attend ance from Mclbonrne equal to many previous occasions. The (raids could not possibly bo ex pected to bo large, nor wcro thoy so. Tyrono won tho Novel Selling Race, which on tlio hanili. cap principle is not a success, four only going to lira post. Old Nirarod took tlio Open Hurdle llace, Zephyr breaking down ; Twilight ran, and exposed the fact that tho paco required for hurdlo racing and stceplcchnsing are widely dif ferent things, Twilight not coming within a stone and a half of old Nimred. Ajnx, as I anticipated bo would, carried off tlio Sicoplccbasc for the HunfeCInb Cup, ho fairly outpacing tho re3t of tbo field. Again wore my predictions true when I asrigncd tbe first place to Terrific iu the Corner Handicap, Bouquet being second, Kingo?Trnmp3 lacking paco to get up, J till a I'cter took tho Amateur Walter Race, with old Nimrod socoud. The cups givon by Messrs.- M: Loughlin and A, S. Chirnsido wore remarkably-neat and tasty. Last Saturday tho Sydnoy Turf Club held a meeting at Randwick, wliioiiwas well patronised, thoro boing nearly 5000 persons prcsont. It says little for tho lot in tlie Hurdle Raco when wo see Safogunrd second, Pluto scotod nn easy victory, and poor old Sam. Harding had a fall from Wrangler and fractured his log. Harding is a very garao man, and has had his sliaro of bad luck. About two ycarti ago bo broke a collar bono, and somo yoars before that again lie got a torriblo fall off Morris, in . a stcoplecbaso at Flomington, which was very nearly ending seriously ; at bis ago bones do not knit so freely as in youtb, and I hope Hatding'B friends will now succeed in inducing him to relinquish the saddle to other and ycrangcr mcn. Tlio Sapling Stakes was won by tho Queensland colt Sir Oliver, by Epigram from- Olivo, with Modesty second. West Country ' Dick took the Soiling Race, Jupiter tho Steeplechase, Rangor anil Lucy being tho two next horses, and Guinea just beat Sauntcrcr and Dundreary for tho September Handicap. At the Adelaide Racing Club Park Mooting, Now Zoaland carried off the Hurdlo Raco, liluo Stocking the Sapling Stakes, Gunn the Steeple chase, King Lud tho Selling Race, and Turret- field tho Exhibition Handicap, beating Assyrian and Baron Vou Mucllor very easily. On the first day of October tho Melbourne Hunt Club Steopleclinsb will tako place, and those who patronise tbo sports will have ft very onjoyablo afternoon should tho wcatlior prove fino. Aibyn beads the list for tho Hurdlo Raco at list. 5 lb., which runs down to Muric, Ost., .and Robbie commonccs tho Corinthian Race with 12 st. 12 lb. Barring Intrepid thero is a very modcrato lot in tho Ste'cplochaso, Gazollo having 10 st. 111b., the Hunt Club Cup is for once a veritable welter, Ajax list; 101b. being at the . head of tho lift, which may not separate him from victory in such a field. In the Handicap Flat Raco Terrific is placed at tbo top of the list. Should they Btart, however, there appear to he some dan gerous cattlo in tho lower half. Early in tlio week tho Weights appeared for tho Maryborough und Carisbrook meeting, to bo run on tlio 2Sth and 29th inst. For tlio Maryborough and Carisbrook Handicap, ono milo and a quarter, I can see nothing that ebould bent Presidont, to whom tlie liamlicapper has been very loniont in awarding him 7'St. 4 lb. oiily. In reviewing the Half-milo Flutter, it is not what can win, but what will jo. At the- present time I should in cline to \ iking or Marie, not that she would bo my selection if nit started, which I very much question. Doncaster, with a' shirt, should hold all safo in tho Tatiaroop Handicap, and in his absence Josephine could win if sho would try. Should prefer Zanga .for tho Hurdlo Race, and Viking for tho Town Tlato. ' I am glad to hear that nearly 100 sovs. has .been subscribed for Sam Harding in Sydney. The Sydney Turf Club voted £10 to the unfortu nate. Tattcisall's Club in Sydnoy aredesirous of hold ing their annual meeting in March in place of .April, to which.Mr. Josoph Thompson lias taken exception, saying that if the annual meeting was held in March about eighty Victorian membors would bo disfranchised, as would decidedly bo the case. Mr. Glcnister accused tbo committeo of forming a cliquo ' to prevent tho Victorian members frcm having a vote. Mr, Geo. Curtis thought tho St. Legor night would bo a con venient time for holding the meeting, hut amidst many suggestions nothing was done. Fourteen havo accepted for tho Kensington Park Galloway Handicap, including Surrey, who, with his penalty, iff raised to 10 st. 51b. ; and 25 havo paid up for tho Kensington Cup, to bo run on Saturday, 22ud October. At tho head of tho acceptors stands ' Gonzago, 8 st. 71b., with tho two-year-old Ciuuitilly, <i st-., at tho bottom. These may bo looked upon as remarkably good acceptances. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club has every reason to foci satisfied with the nominations re ceived for tho Foal Stakes and Guineas of 1882, and nothing goes to prove how much theso races aro appreciated by owners of racehorses so much as tho way they liavu responded to tho call of the club. Tho ontry shows that there aro 75 entered for tho Foal Stakes bolonging to this colony, 22 from New South Wales, with 23 from South Australia, making a total of 120 ; wliilo for tho Guineas thero are 50 Victorians, 17 Now South Wales, 4 South Australia, 1 from Hobart, and 1 from Now Zoaland, or 73 in nil. Up to tho timo of writing 'tbo particulars of tho entries havo not beon received from Now South Wales or South Australia, which makes the list incom plete. Wlion, howovor, thoy arrive lists of tho entire nominations will bo issued. A race mooting will tako piaco at Brighton Park on 9th November. ' On Monday noxt tho secretary of tho Gcclong Racing Club invites tho attention of tho owners of sires to the closing of tho Sires' Produce Stakes for 1885, when tho sires havo to be named and nominated, This has become a woailhy offering, and a cardinal dish with the Geelong Racing Club, tho sweets of which several racing men havo partaken of ; therefore it ia only reason able to expect that tho ownors of sires will again como forward and start the stake which- tho pur chasers of their stock will bo only too ready to fostor and continue. It must bo rcmombcrcd that although owners of sires subscribe 20 sovs. each, they stand the chance of getting 100 sovs. out of tho stako should any ono of thoir s;ro s get 'win tho prizo. Therefore it is equivalent to tak- jng 100 to 20 that thoir sire gets tho best horso in tho race, for which they may havo three or four running in their intorest. This is in addition to tho benefit thoy may derive by tho salo of their yearlings. Consequently I consider a secretary no longer to bo under any compliment for the nomination ho solicits, as the breeder docidodly gots his quid pro quo. Tho only tiling to bo con sidered is whethor the deduction of bo large a sum as £100 from tho stako is not a littlo too much. At any rato it cannot ho said that tlioy are not well considered, nnd I only hope they will see it in thesamo light that I do. Also on Monday next must sires be nominated for the South Australian Jockoy Club Stako, known as tho Sires' Produce Stake for 1885. Again is the subscription of each sire 20 bovs., and again is tho ownor of tho sire of the winning homo put on 50 sovs. to nothing. As so many of our young stock now travel to South Australia in pursuit of plunder, it will enhanco the value of the progeny of all sires nominated. Therefore I hope, as 1 am sure Mr, Simeon Barnard, tlio enterprising secretary of tlio South Australian Jockey Club, docs, that some of those gentlemen possessing sires in Victoria will join in assisting this stake. While on tho subjoet of Sires' Produce- Stakes I may montion that the Australian Jockoy Club rocoived twouty entries last wook, uud of these two only wore nominated from Victoria ; these were First King and King of the Ring. Surely this is short-sighted policy oil tho part of Victorian siren, anil must havo tho effect of keeping n great many youngsters ill tlio future from visiting the Sydnoy mcotings.. Whutdoesit avail if young horses are in tho Okampagno Stakes or Derby; as tlie ease may bo,, if thoir names aro absent from tlio rickor prizos, which 'aro tho Produco Stakes. Surely this must bo nil-oversight. Of thoso en tered belonging to Now South Wales is tho im- porti#! horso Chandos, also Blink Hoy, anotiior importation'. Then appears the name of Epigram, belonging to Queeiisiandj .snd'tho brother Beau- cloro and Grand Flaneur, tho woll remembered Kingiboroiigli and the great crack Ciiestcr, whoso career at tho stud will no watched witli somo in torest. 1 do not know what foundation -thero may Ira for saying so, - but in Sydnoy it is said that Wuxy was sold privately for 1200 sovs. be fore ho was submitted to auction, but that his ownor stipulated that lio should bo put lip so as net to disappoint those who wished lo bid for this son of Gomraa di Ycrgy. £1200 is not a bad upset prieo oven for a racotiorsc. It also nppoora that when Mr, Forrester pur chased tlio horso in disgrace, Elastic, that ho was not aware that ho had boon scratched for Mait- l.rnd on the previous Saturday. This docs not mako tho bargain any too good. Still wo can hopo thnt it will turn out a profitable spec to that oxccllcnt and much respected sportsman, Mr. William Forrester, whose colors cannot bo othor than popular, no matter by what horse tlioy aro carried. Chester is advertisod to stand this season in tho sister colony at 30 guineas, Tho Glenormiston stud will this yoar bo repre sented by tho imported horse King Colo anil by tho colonial bred Bolton Grcon, by lScthiinl Green from Beeswing, by Lady Kirk out of Spa, by Leamington, a young sire of very high promise ; and tho stud is still further assistod by Free Citizen, by King of tho Ring from Repartco, by- Lucifer. Old Richmond is also a candidate for stud honors, as also is Sussex. As tho gonorul entry for tho Victoria Racing Olub Spring Mooting falls on Thursday. 13th October, or the same day as tlio Caulficiil Foal Stakes and Guineas aro run, it is to be hoped that owners of horses will seo fit to mako their entries on the day boforo tho V.A.T.C. Mooting commences ; a few hoars can niako very little difference. Mr. Mayo, the owner of tlio recalcitrant horso who would pull so persistently at ilia bit in tho Squatters' Stakes at tho lato A. J.C. meeting, lias aado a request to the committee of tho Victoria 'Racing Club to grant him a hearing of his case boforo they endorse the decision of the Australian Jockey Club. Mr. Mayo is ready to submit his jockey, Smith, who rodo Elastic, to the examina tion of tho V.R.C. committee, and several of Mr. Mayo's friends, residing at Maitiand, are willing to como all tho way to Molbourno to give testi mony on his bohalf. 1 am curious lo know what now version is to be 'givon to tlio affair, and why all this cvidcnco— now offered — was not forth coming when tho A, J.C. committeo investigated tho case. No less than twenty- four sires were nominated on Monday for the V.R.C. Sires' Produco Stako of 1885. Conspicuous amongst them is tho namo of Chester, who doos not alone reprcsont the in terest of Now South Wales, for beside him is tho most wonderful horse that over ran in tho colonics, Grand Flaneur. Thon comes Rapid Bay, Marlbyraong, Goldsbrough and tho nowiy imported horso Chandos. Glorious is another that may be claimed by tho samo colony. South Australia bos nominated Gang Forward and Countryman. From our side Glenormiston is re presented by King Colo and Bolton Green. Tlio Bundoora stud has Angler, Tubal Cain nnd Quambono, St. Albans by King of tlio Ring nnd First King, Cairn Curruii by Irisli King nuu Tim Wiiifllcr (K.), and Willow Yale by Proto- Martyr. Amongst tho others thoro is lira camo Robinson Cnisoo, with Piscator, John Bull, Argus; Scandal and Queensland is in the list with Epigram. By tho wording of tho conditions of tlio Caul- field Cup, to bo run next month, Whoatcar— as tho winner of tho A.J.C. Dorby— has to carry weight for age. This raises his weight to 7 at. 11 lb. After Whcatear had won tbe Derby in Sydney thero was nn argument as to what penalty ho would have to carry for the Melbourne Cap if ho won tho Metropolitan Stakes. As winner of the A.J.C. Derby he had to carry weight for ago, but many contended lie would ho liabfe to 7 lb. on tbe top of it if lie won tho Metropolitan. I do not think this was the inten tion of tho V.R.C. committee when tlioy framed the conditions of the Cup, and mora especially as it expressly stated that penalties nrc not cumula tive. Early in the week I paid a visit to tlie box oc cupied by Mr. J. J. Miller's American purchase, Contractor, who is destined to stand as a trotting sire in tho colony of Victoria. He is a very nico looking horso, with plenty of good points, and possesses a splendid temper, which is an im portant consideration. Ho is n strongly, made horso of medium size, and I should say ho was well calculated to get remarkably useful stock; Tho preoiso qualification necessary in a sire for transmitting trotters I do not think is generally understood in these colonies ; but, judging from his outline, I should have no hesitation in giving' him a trial did I possess any good hackney marcs. If ho begets stock Iiko himself there will ho little to regret. Thanks to Mr. Crooko, I had a look at some of ; tho horses under his chargo tho other day. I am' glad to say that Chatterer is rapidly coming ronnd ngain, and is now recovered from Lira nttaok of influenza which recently troubled him. Kivcrton looked extremely woll, though his fore logs will always bear ovidchcoof tho work lie bos gono through in his timo. Attache was looking oxtremely fit, and there is uo trace of wrong with Nautilus. This fine colt limy' havo gained a trifta of flesh sinco ho broko a blood vessel, which is only consistent upon ilia boing eased in his work, but beyond this there is' nothing to indicate that anything has becu nmisB with him. Had it not beon for theso drawbacks, Mr. Crooko would hare had a team of oxquisitcly conditiouod homes. I observo that the name of Air. N. R. D. Bond is again published as handicappor to tho Bondigo Jockoy Olub. , As tho quoation lias bcoit sovorai timos asked this wook, it may ho as well to Btato that Whoatoar has to carry 8. Ib. in excess of his lmndicap weight for tlio Melbourne Cup ; Waxy and Trump Yoss, 5 lb.; Crcswick, Julia, Sar donyx and Primrose, 3 lb. At the annual meeting of tlio Tasmnnian Turf Olub, held at tho Criterion Hotel, Launceston, laat wook, it was decided to hold a raco mooting during tho prcsont season. Mr. G. T. Collins, who was in the chair, said that the dobt of tlio club was reduced down to £320, which tlio com mitteo were quite ready to pay off provided tlioy wero repaid out of tlie profits of suoli meetings horeaftcr to bo held ; nnd moreover, if tlioy ad vanced tho money to clear off tho debt tliey very naturally oxpcctcd to havo eomo rolco and direc tion in tho mnttcr. Ultimately a powerful com mittee, consisting of fifteen gentlemen, was. Appointed. Mr. W. D, Landaic, who has rcsignoil his office of secretary, was accorded a vote of thanks for his past services. A meeting is to tako place nt Boccuccio Park on Saturday, 8th October. Air. W. C. Yuillo informs mo that tho second volume of the Australian Stud Book will bo pub lished early in 1882. Tho delay is caused by ownors of mares and breeders delaying in sending in their returns, and that many aro now wanting as far back as 1879. It is most provoki;ig und discouraging when ono remembers that tlio very raon who nre most interested anil bonolited by tlio work are tlio first to impede its progress, and that it' costs them nothing beyond sending n return of tlio foals from each' maro, thoir color, box nnd parentage. It is to this . remissness that is duo our being frequently uuablo to trace some nniraal who has probably gained notoriety bysomu nnexpected performance. -It ts dovoittly to ho wishod that brcodors would show n littlo mora expedition in forwarding the information asked of tlicra. Those who do not shortly do bo will have to regret tlio absence of any notico of thoirsluds. J . At » meeting of tho cominitloo of the V.R.C. . held on Thursday last, Mr. J. Whittingham was elected a steward for the forthcoming soason vice Air. W. J. Clarko resigned. ; The Hawkcsburyi Raoing Club hns oudorscd tho decision of tho Australian Jockey Club, and dis qualified Air. Afayo, his jockoy (Smith), and lira horso Elastic for twclvo months. , Mr. Josoph Thompson has arranged for a special train to lira Maryborough and Carisbrook races, leaving Sponccr-stroct at 9 a.m. on Wed nesday morning, going to tlio course, nnd return ing on Thursday atlcrnoon after the races ; return fare, £1. \- I hear tho St. Aiban's horses are lo undortako n " confidence trip" to Flcaiington next wook During their visit they will bo t reated to nil airing on tho Flomington grounds nnd banqueted, d. ta. Bent. At tlio sumo time Somerset and Duclioss will reeeivo deputations from ovorlaid book makers, and Royal Maid, Progress and tlio Afnrihyrnong Plators, interviewed by tho lovers of longor odds. Aftor which tlio fleet will re tain to St. Albans, whore the lot will undergo a searching examination and tlicir abilities fully put to the test. A gentleman has arrived in Sydney by tlie mail steamer Zealandia, having brought with him sove ral trotting horses. If not disposed of in Syd ney, I presume they will he brought on to Mol bourno. Tlio rumor that influenza is in R. Mitchell's stables at tho Racecourse Hotel, Flomington, is totally untrue. Air. J, R. Crooko informs mo that Chatterer was not attacked witli influenza, but had a slight cold of tho ordinary nature. Certainly noncof tlio hones appear to givo any indication of influenza, nnd those of whom it was alleged aro in work again. And this fnct should lie known by our friends on the border, as probably some of tbe Sydnoy horses may elect to board there. At a mooting of tho committee of tho Victoria Racing Club, held on Thursday last, it was de cided to disqualify J. Mayo, Smith, tbo jockey, 'and the horso Elastic, thereby endorsing the de cision of tho A.J.C, Tho question of Hcsperinn's nomination for tlio Cup was also considered, ami declared informal, consequently he is unablo to start for tho Cup. Tho informality is supposed to bo that the horso is wrongly named on tho dam's sido, which will nullify nil bets standing on the horse for tho Cup race. On Friday morning I paid a visit to tlie Flom ington training ground, nnd although up and out before six n.m., tlio Now Zcalund horses had already performed their allotted task, and wore quietly walking about, preparatory to returning homo to breakfast. They appear a remarkably nico team, but being in tlicir clothing it was im possible to form any correct opinion of cither their condition or formation. Tho littlo I did seo impressed mo very favorably. Old Riverton liad a modorato gallop on tho tan, going nicely and looking big and woll. Chat terer and Attache cantered ; and Prince George, a remarkably fine colt engaged in the Mnribyr- nong Plato, was to ho seen walking nliont. Nau tilus has resumed work ngain. Atorrison's lot do him ovory credit. Czar and Hyacinth worked on the tan, nnd a nice pair they aro. Tlio former appears to bo coming on woll, and has by 110 means lost his good looks. Wellington is nono the woreo for his Sydnoy campaign, and cantered only. Trumpotor cantered, and is rapidly im proving in condition. Abo Davis's lot wero out : Joscphino cantering on tho tan, looking Iioalthy and well. Respite moved nicely on tho loam f;allop ; and Sportsman, tho New South Wales iiirdlcraco horse, was also doing quiet work. Taking things easily might bo seen tho aristo cratic Rosworth, a very much improved horse, though his paco was the slowest of tho slow. Lang s team. Commotion, Poilio, Pell Afcii and King of the Vale, did good work, as did Monro's Gazollo, First Lovo, anil Hieroglyph. Aftor this ABO and Adventurer had u canter, tho former looking as though sho were thickening. Alcrcury cantered, as did Soothsayer, nnd, if I mistake not, Belladrnm, nil showing signs of what is termed coming on. Warlock and Wizard look very well, and somo of tlio youngsters in the same Btablo ore nico movora. Sullivan liad Ghost and Outlaw out, and Intrepid was 'walking about, having a vory healthy np- 'pcaranco. Canary went a nico gallop on tlio tan ; lie is a fino commanding horse, with a grand Btriilo. Blue Ribbon was as frcsii ns paint, und seemed cagor for employment. I never saw him wear u more promising look. Dnrobin was amongst tho into lot ; he looks as though he had dono A -nice oven preparation, and was in groat heart. Ho hns many followers for tbe Derby, and on the day should bo among the fit horses. Sunshine then cantered, and the morn ing's work terminated. ; Fowor, tho jockey, lias proceeded to Adelaido to rido for Mr. T, Elder. Ilopbioom, by Parmesan out of Cognisanco, n most successful horso in England, both on tho flat and over hurdles, has been purchased for this colony. Amongst other races he won the Royal Hunt Club Cup at Ascot worth £1130, flouting a largo field, tho Saudown Grand Prizo of £1340, carrying 11 st., again boating a largo field, a Weltor Handicap at Nowmarkot, and tho Grand Hurdlo Raco at Sandown. Tlieroforo, judging from tlieso performances, lie should bo a most dosirablo stud horso. Tho Now Zealand horses boing located at Sam Davis's render it necessary for Davis to erect now boxes for Mr. Ivory's horses, who will take up their quarters there ns usual. . Tho Sydnoy hurdlo raco horse Sportsman has joined Abo Davis's utring. Aloran, tho woll-known trainer from Warrnam- bool, has como to terms for tho stables at Flem- ingtott ownod by W. Ycomans, where ho has Gazelle, nioroglypli and others. Wo may there fore, oxpoct to seo theso woll known horses in the lists on our metropolitan courses. 