for persons to'reside anywhere site of the Government WcrkshflpB ? Aaid if. that 'll' ^t'ate: : ci£ affi^rfe dentfe,'frow aS)oAt the workmen w ho will hare to be at the works all .day ?.: Are "flbey to he poisoned, and nothing Baid about the matter, ,, If,there is any., trjith in the allegations made at sundry public meetings in the district recently, it is time some stir wapmade Whilst remedy is possible. • r W WITH great satisfaction we are able to announce, that the authorities are contemplating improvements at the Port Post Office in the direction we indicated some time ago. The Postmaster General visited the office on Wednesday, and we understand will very shortly introduce the new style of private box, when each subscriber, being furnished with a key, may get his letters without the intervention of the clerk. As the worthy P.M.G. would say— That key will will solve the difficulty now experienced. He would also probably say that these keys (quays) will give additional shipping facilities! Oh ! THE Superintendent of Telegraphs is mindful of the growing business of the Port Telegraph Station, and to afford extra facilities, he has introduced a duplex instru- ment by which, using the same wire, a message may be transmitted whilst one is being received. This is a recent invention, and is revolutionising our telegraphic system. We are led to understand that presently the same system will be in operation between Adelaide and Melbourne direct, and Adelaide and Sydney direct. Whatever Mr. Todd may lack constitutionally in the way of humor or appreciation of punning sub tleties, it is clear that he makes a mere joke of an immense amount of work, and takes a very practical view of his onerous and multifarious public duties. mHE Hpn. J. CbltM jio^s iiot ;Conaider an ; 1, . Puter,, HblJor at^prei " eitbpr at .LargB My jor l^ goodbut he jg^Jes 'dh'"''^''!^'' wKlgii' the railway went W WiltUiilii 'it ^Guld' be aii advantage to' gfet' lar'ge ata'atoers to call at Marino because direct communication would then b« establi^d with Adelaide. The steamers"wbult bfelh ahd three d moment to large' stealifiers; We give the next Bentehce in full^1--" lf they did ha,ve a breakwater or an ou^liarbor, they would 'ftttd/'i^^otflr^ strMariuS?' - Wo hfepe that will take the hon. gentleman xn'hana, and bring him to a better 8tate of convict'ion, in the event of the Out^r Harbor question forward.' " ' ' S ECUlVED — The ^ Autobiography of ^•Cockney Tom" (Professor Bastard), •'yf&ft-; i>4ars stamp of naturalness itot .eommon to books now-a- daysi. It is a father bold venture in a prosaic community; but we have no doubt that it wiirfind a good many readers. It is published at a very modeBfc price, and a few copies may be had at this Office. HE questipft o£ jppiit}^ ,Tpf^itjr; §Jioji)d{ T Icome well to the front just now, and for" Ithkt reason the proceedingsiof apolitical meeting; at Prospect In iKe west Tdrrens District should have 1 been in'the Ifahd's df the' 'public; ti6riist principles are generally in higk favor, ijid candidates have to remember that. .'.' Now alj this meeting at Prospect^^ome pykjw^rd questions were put to one of the candidates— Shall we say Mr. Bean ?—and it is a thousand pities they and the 1 ansWe&were; hot placed on record. We were -told—but as our reporter Hvas not present we do not vouch for the verbal accuracy of this/reiJi^tT^iba^ following effectt-r- •. K. r- - ,". . :i ; ELECTOR—Are you a Protectionist or a Freetrader P ; CANDIDATE' ITI ! r6ply S^OKE at Some length respeot- ~ingi tW'ad-ralorem autiasi atid she ten per cent, fixe duties;on certainar/ticlea. , .; • , • , ETECTOIII—You have not anawered the question. CANDIDATE again epoke vagrnely. , - ANOTHEK ELECTOR.";—If THE tnin&idato; attakbaa real effort, perhaps he. .will be able to ; say in plain "terms— 'f I am a ProteotionusJ;," at- "J. am a Freetrader." ; CANDIDATE '(very eicited)—Wellv I eupposeto the jstent of the preiejiit tariff Ijom.a, Prptectionial. n}ie ELECTOR—Thanke. Government" iWhip?'.' • Were you ever what is called CANDIDATE—No ; nor ^yer. will be. „ . ELECTOR—You ara qnite ture youneyer reo^IV^d money, for , , position ^nor eyer were known as JGk>vernnjeiit Whip ? '7 . ' V " U ' ' * ; CARDtbATE ; Very strongly re- aSfeeve'ratad Ms dfeniat; J Sand added he never would take the position. ELECTOR—'Well, Mr. Chairman, we have to congratulate ourselves on "the' : fa(!t' that whilst >11 the 'members of the late Parliament were liars, this gentleman Only epeaks the truth! Now, as he positively j never j wap the Goyernmen t W^iip ,.nor everw^l Jie, jwill ;he promise {he electors .hfcre presen^ fthat if theyJean prove that he was a Government Whip, despite his solemn denial, he will (should he be 'elected) 'resigA bis seat? •' , CiifDlDATE—Yes, I will! Thep said some of, the Elector?—Jt is. well that lour candidate defies this, for it yfjoj^LXiot look? well, for a, ipatj jv.hp avo^ Wrri^n to jbe a PrbtectionistHo mre be^oWi^p lor/an eut^ and^out Freetrade Ministry. - Then comes in the | Parliamentary chorus— rt No, Mr. Bean nev^r was Government"Whip' 1 ." ' N apparition,'" Hume's Ghost," has appear- . ed 'in the 4-dvei'tiser supplement,^ taking .a. more useful role than ghosts usually do, • suggests a. Bill for the legislature^ op. the model of one on, the til^s of the House of Commons, limiting barristers' fees. ^ Whether the! idea .will-'be .popular among J the legal fraternity, our readers' may ju'dge for themselves ;. but we are quite sure that thefe will be some people so inconsiderate as to-sympathise with the measure,' Supposing any mean truckler after popularity dare to introduce it. . . •. By the way, has " Hume's Ghost" ever walked the earth before ? We fancy this is hot the first attack on the expensiveness of our legal- system that we have seen in the sadie journal. W E observe that by the South Australian, Messrs. Jones, Parry, & Co. consigned to order a lot of guano to Melbourne. We have no Wish tc^ see any ^diminution in the business of the firm mentioned, but we must confess we should be better pleased to knowthat the manUre was to be employed to'enrich our <^n_lands. t We shoujd vote \yith pleasure a modification"in the exhaustive and improvident system, of farming' which has hitherto prevailed; in South Australia;,?and for : this reason -Xve are glad to learn tha t the local emand for the guano is increasing consider- S ATS a rigid opponent of the payment of members principle, "You hear people say that it is necessary ; but how is it you find in the present election seventy-four candidates ?" We note the fact, but do not see where the crowing comes in. Blunt is of opinion that if Burns' invocation, " Oh, that the gods'would g'ie ns," could only be realized, there would be fewer candidates. H E' premier election advertisement, in T respect of cruelty and vulgarity, was that giving ;t]ij3 .single word " Valvular," published in Thursday's Advertiser. There can be no mistake as to its source or design ; and we offer- the .gratuitous opinipu that any ruffian who could use that means to an eud deserves cow-hiding. rjlHE fact is pretty, clear tfet the district 1 'bi Victoria will practica% go tmrepresehtod Iff" Parliament—its -two members holdifag directly opposite vifews on most f ublie questions. ; Of 6oUrs^ the electors Ue^ aud ;know all about it, and have them-; setveVto thank. Still it canliot be a Very comfortable reflection for a large electorate lijie ithat to -occupy-a perfectly negative position in colbnial a^airs for the next three years. : UR remarks respecting the Adelaide University and its operations are re-echoed by O " Progress/" in a morning contemporary. He enquites^-^' What ieiults have followed the spending of more than £50,000. . . From last year's repert I find £5,167 15s. yd. under d the head of salaries, and.^200 8s. 3d. examinafions, while the fees amounted only to £291 13s. 6d. Xhe' result, then, to date is—Five graduates Adelaide University cost£50,000, or j£ro,ooo each, and there does not appear much prospect of the number increasing, as the examinations only beriefit a few young men qualifying for lawyers, and who are obliged to pass the matriculation examination, while no provisipn has;been made for medicine or engi- »ebrihg; .and; still I-. think that £5,000 for ^salaries' would- pay well-qualified professors, men , who have graduated in the home and MelbourneUniversitiesiiihonours. 5 ' O f course there are all the difficulties attendant upon starting; but it seems to us that whilst results are so ,small the expenditure Bhould be proportionate 5 and the savings directed into channels that vfojild by and b} become elements of vast strength to the University. N enquiry has been ma$ifcwbether there is A . any prospect of resuscitating the Debating ^ ^ ^tclifcwick, Jn . the winter now a, p^acM®. r ^We sMl J;tsdkassist iti. ttie fitted if any rAeiaris Sxlay promote so desirable a means of employing the leisure of our young men. A NEW departure in the direction of Constitutional Reform is shadowed forth by the jBendiqO Adb'frtisdr, one of the standard organs of Coiiservatives arid Conservatism in Victoria, and a paper which is always copiously and -jubilantly quoted by the Argus upon question^ agStatingthe country. The Bendigo paper, after animadverting in unmeasured terms upon the action of the President of the Council in refusing to receive the Reform Bill from the Lower House, says," When people come to consider what trouble these Upper Houses have given the three colonies of New South Wales, South Australia, arid Victoria, a very strong feeling will unquestionably arise in favor of the total abolition of a second chamber." LECTION meetings have ceased in a E number of districts .just when they became monotonous and nauseating. In those where candidates still broil over the slow fire of questionings, there is nothing worthy of note to record. We perceive that in'Stanley, Mr;. Montgomery, having secured a large amount of advertising, is apparently making up his mind to a defeat. / In West Torrens, if Mr. Parsons' supporters only go the. right way about thfeir work, he will be secure of a seat. All that they have to do is to plump to a man ! We are inclined to offer a premium to the man who will guess the author of this joke; but beware of laying it at the door of the Postmaster General! When may a ship and its crew be said to be in perfect agreement ? Why, when the crew are telling stories and the ship lying-to! Yah! T HE Victorian police as a body have been somewhat under a cloud since the commencement of the Kelly outrages, their utter failure to arrest the marauders creating in the general public mind a feeling very much akin to contempt. The disclosures now making before the Board appointed , by Parliament to investigate the circumstatces connected-with the pursuit and capture of the outlaws, ent'rf lly exonerates the constables, who it is clearly shown, were not ready but eager to attack the desperadoes. Whatever stigma attaches to the affair rests entirely upon the superior officers of the force, whose counsels were impaired|bj red-tapeism, and whosie movements were -weakened by., continual bickerings, personal animosities, • and petty jealousies. From .thefollowing sample of the evidence (from the Leader) it will be seen that anything like efficiency could not be looked for in company with such a state of things:— The chairman drew the witness's attention to his report of the 5th July, in which he defended the officers jand other members of the police from blame. He asked if at that date Captain Standish had lost confidence in Mr. Nicolson. •Captain Standish replied that he had lost confidence in Mr. Nicolaon long before he was removed from the North-eastern district. He was always so mysterious as to what ha was doing. He did not warn the banks of danger, and these things caused him to lose faith in him. "Witness's report was written because of the speech made by Mi-. Service at Maldon; Mr. Service's remarks were very unfair. He claimed for Mr. Ilamsay the credit of the capture of the Kelly s, and reflected both upon him and other members of the Police Force. . . . He had never seen any want oi courage amongst the members of the police force, and he believed they were all anxious, and would unhesitatingly have risked their lives to capture the gang. He never saw any of the men exhibit any reluctance to perform duty, day or night. In reply to Mr. O'Connor, the witness said he remembered receiving a letter in September, 1879, when at lienalla, relative to the Kellys having been seen seven miles away, • Mr. O'Connor : why did you refuse to show ine that letter? Captain Standish smiled. Mr. O'Connor : You cau sniff as you like, but that will not help you. . Witness continued : he refused to show Mr. O'Connor the letter, but he showed it to Mr. Hare.. • Mr. O'Connor said he wished to show that, by jealousy, he was prevented from taking his trackers out to pick up the trail of the outlaws Aiter some discussion, during^which Mr. Graves and 'other members of the Board endeavored unsuccessfully to cause the witness and Mr. O'Connor not to . exhibit bad temper, the latter asked Captaiu Standish to state what he knew about his private character. Captain Standish replied that when in Benalla Mr. O'Connor told him that he was engaged to a young lady, whereas, in point of fact, he was married to her then, and had been married secretly several days before. Mr. O'Connor: I give you the lie direct' He gave me jthel-Ue,'Mr4*Cltomau,'*tod' I have a right to give it back at him iio'W. rK: Is this the Captain Standish respecting whose private life so much ' has been said in Melbourne, and said with contemptuous disparagement. 