\-- 3' HVi! 5.V Charles Young failed to appear to answer a charge of assault in:; Joseph liitehio (a Chinaman). The case was strius; on L, with a view of fresh | proceedings being taken. David Kuiledgo, for drnnkomic'.s, was dis ch jiv^al, lie having been in gaol since Saturday. Thomas Murdoch, for drinking liquor within prohibited hours 011 Sunday, was lined 10s. Peter Ryan, j mi. , a young lad, charged with ill treating a horse by spearing it and wounding it, pleaded guilty, j Mr. Nichols (Owen and May) appeared for j defendant, and addressed thu Bench 011 his behalf. [ Mr. C. F. Smith and Rev. A. W. Petre gave the : defendant a good character. : Defendant was fined £2 and 15s costs. The NitiiiT Steamer. According to an adver tisement, tho lirst night trip nuclei the now arrangement for tho convetiienco. of shippers of butter in this end of tho district, will be made from Wollongong this evening, tho steamer being ' advertised to leave at 8 o'clock. No pigs or other live stock will be conveyed by this steamer. The BAitnWELL-liooNuY Emiiuoolio. — Mrs. Bardwo'l is removed from the Civwn stieet, Public School, as also is Mr. Rooney. The latter takus charge of the Redfern Public School, but it has not yet transpired whero the former will next make her mark. The Crown-street scholars presented Mr. Rooney with a gold watch, of tho value of £34, on his departure from them. Daito Agricultural Society. — It will be noticed that the quarterly meeting in connection with this Society takes placo to-morrow evening, when the Managing Committee are requested to attend. It will also be noticed that Mr. William Osborne, of tho firm of Osborne and Co., has con sented to deliver, 011 Friday evening, at the same placo, his leeturo on 'Lifo in tho South Sea Islands,' tho proceeds of the lecture going toward the Society's funds Considering the subject, nnd object of the lecture, it should be well attended. And it. should be nil tho moro so, considering that Rotumah, the island more particularly alluded to iu the lecture, has become annexed to tho ever expanding B itish Empire since Mr. Osborne's residence there, and even since he Inst gave the lecture 111 this district. Funeral Sermons. — On Sunday forenoon last, the Rev. H. W. T. Pincombe preached, in the Temperance Hall, a sermon having immediate reference to the death of the late Mr. John Graham, of Avondale. There was a crowded con gregation, many persons having come long distances to hear the remarks regarding the death of a man whom they had respected so much in life. The rev. gentleman took as his text 2nd Corinthians, 5thand 7th, using the wording of the revised New Testament as follows—' We are of good courage, I say, and are willing rather to be absent from the body, and to be at home with the Lord.' In the introduction to his subsequent remarks, the preacher said that one of the main objects — per- haps the chief desire — of every man who paid due regard to his responsibilities was to finish life well. To finish well was a great achievement in any instance, and especially so was it in regard to the close of one's life, when all opportunity for well doing had passed away for ever. In reference to tho words of the text., the speaker alluded to the separation of soul and body having been likened to a harper and his harp. The harp being broken in no way affected the harper, who still remained as before. It was so with the soul, which still existed after the body had yielded to death. Tho relationship between soul and body had also been likened to that of a man and a boat. A man might occupy a boat, and pull in it to a certain destination, and there leavo it. Up to reaching that point the man and the boat remained together the movements of the boat being caused by the man within it. It was so with soul and body. Just as the man existed after leaving the boat, so did the soul, after leaving the body. And it was so with the departed Christian to whom his remarks that day had special reference. The late Mr. Graham had aimed at finishing well in the Christian course he had chosen, and his great desire and object in that respect were realised by his triumphant hope in death. The rev. gentleman then having referred at some length to the duties of life in regard to preparing for a happy death in Christ, closed his discourse by giving a few particu lars concerning the deceased gentleman to whom special allusion wus made. He said the late Mr. Graham was born in Tyrone, Ireland, in 1798, and therefore had reached 83 years of ago. When between 16 and 18 years old he became an earnest follower of Jesus, and so remained all the remain ing days of his long life. Vory shortly after his arrival at Marshall Mount, in this district, on coming to the colony in 1844, he joined the late Mr. James Pearson in holding religious services in that neighbourhood. And as long as he was able to do so,he continued an active worker in the scr vice of his Master in his own part of the district, and wherever he found there was any chance of his doing good. His knowledge of the Scriptures was extensive, and his ready and apt way of applying the inspired remarks very frequently enabled him to convoy conviction and comfort to those with whom he conversed about such matters. Occa sionally also he got into warm arguments with those whose views on religion differed from his. But his consistency of character and the unquestionable integrity of his life ever caused him to be respected, even by those who differed from him. The greoat pleasure of his life was to visit the sick and comfort the afflicted and the dying as far as he possibly could. And by the generosity of a friend, who had recog nised his special qualities for those purposes, he was enablod during the latter years of his life to devote more time to that kind of work than otherwise would have been theo case. In short, the consistent and blameless life led by the deceased, in his own humble way, secured to him the goodwill as well as respect of all who knew him. While on his deathbed, ho remarked to him (Mr. Pincombe) how kind people were in coming to see him and inquire after him. He said he hoped they should all meet him in heaven, whatever might be their denomination here below. And when he (the speaker) or any of the local preachers visited him during the last days of his life, he requested that Scripture should be read and prayer offered. In the whole of his prostration, the slightest doubt of his salvation never troubled him. His faith in Christ was as firm and im movable as the rock of ages, and he died as he had lived in the full hope of a crown of life. His last request to him was that in tho event of his (Mr. Pincombe) making any reference to him to his people after his death, he should request them to 'Come to Jesus.' The service was concluded by the singing of the hymn commencing Forever with the Lord, Amen, so let it be ; Life from the dead is in that word, 'Tis immortality. In the forenoon of the same day. the Rev. G. Charter also preached a sermon, in the Congrega tional Church, in reference to the character of the deceased gentleman, the text chosen being tho following words from Acts xi. and 24, 'For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith, and much people was added to the Lord.' The rare consistency of the deceased's life, and his singleness of purpose as a servant of God, and desire and efforts to induce others to walk in tho paths of holiness, were referred to at considerable length by the preacher, 