RACES AT MURRUMBURRAH. | The extra race meeting at Murrumburrah on Wednesday last was well attended and a creditable meeting. We get the following report of the running from the local paper, the Signal : — Maiden Plate of 15 sovs. with a sweep of 1 sov. each for starters ; distance 1 J mile : Killurney 1, Osborne's Avondale 2, Kirk's Forget-me-not 3. There were only three starters for this event. They were sent away to an excellent start, Forget-me-not soon forging slightly ahead, witn Avonaaie lying next, and closely followed by Killarney. These positions remained unaltered till about three-quarters the journey had been nego tiated, when Killarney came up with a rush and assumed the lead, Forget-me-not giving place to Avondale for second place. In this order they raced home, Killarney passing the post several lengths in advance of Avon dale. Time, 2min. 30sec. Mtt.tc Handicap of 15 sovs., with a sweep of 1 sov. each for starters : Smith's Tal Tal 1, M'Grory and Haughey's Gazette 2, R. J. Roberts's Glendale 3. A good start was again effected, the Ghost having slightly the best of it, and closely followed by the others in a heap. The Ghost continued to lead till the back of the course was reached, when he was overhauled and passed by Glendale, who had previously occupied second place. The want of condition now began to tell on the fWmaf-. who fell to the rear, the second run ning being taken up by Gazette, closely accompanied by Tal Tal. Before entering the straight, however, the order of things changed, for at this point Tal Tal, who had evidently kept well within himself, came up with a spurt, passing Glendale, who now fell back to third position. Tal Tal was landed a strong winner by three or four lengths, the others being under the whip. Time, lmin. 47 2-10sec. Birthday Handicap of 25 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sovs. each for starters ; distance 1£ mile: Clee's Glad Tidings 1, Condon's Lottie 2, Smith's Blackbird 3. This was the most important race of the day, and for which there were five starters. But Avon dale and Gazette having bolted off the course — the former during his preliminary, and the latter in the race, and when accord ing to appearance he had a good show of being landed near the front — the race rested between the other three. A splendid race home resulted between Lottie and Glad Tidings, the latter winning by a short head. Lottie, however, carried 6£lbs. over weight, so that she must have won had she carried correct weight. .Blackbird was the lavourite at starting. Time, 2min. 54sec. Prince op Wales Stakes of 10 sov.; weight for age ; once round the course : A. Dempsey's Killarney 1, Malefactor 2, Lottie 3\. This was a grand race from start to finish, and was won by Killarney by about a half-length. The Ghost ran a veiy game race, and, considering that he had only been a fortnight in train, surprised every one that knows him, not excepting his owner. Time, lmin. 50sec. Hurry Scurry (a handicap) of 5 sovs. ; once round the course : R. J. Roberts's Kali 1\. Five horses started for this event, but the race from the jump virtually laid be tween the winner and Lottie, who quite out paced the others. Kali eventually won a well contested race by a little over a length, in lmin. 48sec. — remarkably quick time for this description of race. This' was the last race in the programme, and it ended in what proved to be a very successful day's racing. 