BUEIED ALIVE. Avery strange circumstance occurring in the vicinity of Snicarte, Mason Comity, -Illinois, has attracted the attention of to great many, and is, at the least, a mosa miraculous affair. February, the 17th, a woman by the name of Mre Banks, to all appearances, died. About four weeks previous to this she had given birth to a child, and was apparently well; with the exception of the nursing sore mouth, from the effect of which she had grown quite -weak, so much so that her husband thought it was necessary to call in a physician, but she objected, insisting upon waiting a few days longer, thinlring that she could manage the affliction without the aid of a physician. , She soon afterward, and very suddenly, sank away, and to all appearance gave up the ghost. The body was kept till the next day about 2 o'clock p.m., when it was inclosed in a coffin and taken to the graveyard, followed by a. great many mournful mends." In laying her out her arms were tied togethei above her elbow with a strip of cloth, so that her hands would retain a position across her breast. At the grave some of her Mends wished to view her remains, and the coffin was opened that they might do so. On removing the lid over the glass then could not see through the glass for the moisture on it, and it was then seen that one of her hands was torn loose from the band and was lying by her side, and her arms were as limber as of one-alive. The circumstances bore upon the minds of several present, but still they could not entertain any notion but that she was dead. Her hands were again placed in position across her breast and retied with the same strip of cloth, and she -was buried. After returning to their homes several of the parties who had noticed the singular appearance at tha grave, commenced to talk the matter over, and they soon raised a doubt in their minds that she was not dead; about 5 o'clock that same evening several went to the grave and took the body up. On opening {he coffin they foundfresh moisture on the glass of the coffin-lid, and her hands were again broken from the strip of cloth that bound them, and they were both lying by her side, and instead of -her limbs being in the least rigid,-they and her fingers were flexible. Notwithstanding all this, they could not convince themselves but that she was dead, and she was again returned. The matter was generally discussed in the neighborhood, and by the following Sunday the excitement had grown so strong-that it was decided to reexhume her the following day. The next day, Monday, after she had slept beneath the sod for four days and nights, she was again resurrected and taken to her home, where she has been slowly but gradually mending. Her friends entertain the strongest hopes of her recovery, which, if she does, will be a remarkable occurrence, long to be remembered by the people of Snicarte. The way in which this afiair was managed was, to say the least, very singular. —Bloom ington (III.) PantagrapH ? ? 