NEWS AND NOTES. Special telegrams give particulars of a murder at Kingston, a suburb of London, of a policeman, by a burglar whom the officer attempted to arrest. Some terrible shipping disasters have occurred through a severe gale in the Baltic, no less thanthirty ships having been lost. Republicanism is announced as spreading in Spain. Reuter's messages state that Vice-President has been proclaimed Pre sident, and. taken up bis residence at the White House, Washington, In hie speech at being celled to the presidency hs hoped that he would profit in bis administration of the Government by the example of General Garfield. A protracted Cabinet meeting (our Mel bourne correspondent telegraphs] took place yeeterday, when the new measures to be sub mitted to the House were further considered. The Government intend early next week to bring in a supply bill for £150,000 for payment of the subsidies to municipalities, which fall due in about six weeks, Mr John James, M.L.A., has accepted a seat on the Tariff Com mission, and will be appointed at next Execu tive meeting. At a meeting of the investigation commit tee appointed at ths last meeting of the com mittee of management of the Ballarat District Hospital, held at .the Hospital on 22nd . .Sep tember, it transpired that a eon of an official in the employ of'the Ballarat Water. Commis sion had been an outdoor* patient. It 'was resolved that, as it was reported and believed that the lad's father waa in receipt of an income of over £4OO per ao.num, . the hon. solicitor of the institution should be instructed to write to him, stating that the, committee considered the charity had been imposed upon, and in terms of rale 61 nf the bylaws of the institution to request him to pay to, the Hos pital secretary a sum equal to the provided charge for each attendance of hie eon, and further, that in default of payment the com mittee would consider the best means to enforce the olaim. The members of the Ballarat City Fire Brigade appointed to canvass for assistance in sending a team to compete at the Grand Inter national Fire Brigades' Demonstration to be held in Sydney on the Prince of Wales’ Birth day, waited on some of the brokers and others at the Corner "yesterday, and met with very good success, about £3O being quickly and freely given. We understand that the team is to bo immediately selected, and will practise assiduously. There is a sanguine belief they will obtain some of the prizes of the demonstration. Referring to our sub-leader yesterday on the necessity for extended facilities to persons using our money order system with European countries, Mr B4jhervaise points out that our informant is in error when he elates “ you may judge my astonishment when I was informed that the money order office had been closed from 10.30 a.m.” Had he stated that the issue of money orders for the then outgoing steamer had closed at Io.3oa.rn.be would have been correct; the money order office closes daily at 3 p.m., and at noon on Saturdays'. The post master further states that, under the arrage ments then existing, the closing , of money orders 10.30 a.m. was a necessity, as the orders with their proper advices and returns had to bo dispatched per midday train to ensure their being in time to be forwarded by the comptroller, the steamer leaving at 7 a-m.; but as the departure of the steamers will tor the present be at 1 p.m., money orders will be issued at the Ballarat office, as par notice over onr leader, up to 3 p.m. An excellent letter from his Worship the Mayor of the City (Mr John Noble Wilson), in reply - to the complaint that the flig on the City Hall was not hoisted at half-mast - , in recognition of the death of General Garfield, will be found elsewhere, Mr Wilson manfully elates that the flag waa not hoisted “ because the obvious duty escaped his attention." The final meet of the Ballarat Hunt Club will take place this afternoon at the Turf Pad dock, Creswick road. The weather proving favorable, the bunt to-day promises to be the most successful of the season, and the attend ance of those interested is certain to be large. The throw-off will take place at half-past 2 o'clock, and in the evening the Master,' Mr A. S. Chirnaids, will be entertained at a dinner. The Jewish inhabitants of Ballarat will observe to-day as a strict holiday to celebrate the commencement of their new year, 5642. Properly speaking the new year commenced at sunset last evening, and the ceremonies will bo continued to- morrow, although in olden-times ths custom , was to observe only one day as a holiday. “ Tlshti,” or the seventh month, was the commencement of ths civil year, and was announced by the sound of trumpets, hence it is called the trumpet day. The foundation of blowing it ia_ in commemoration of Abraham offering up his. son Isaao upon the altar; and according to the Bible, God provided a ram, which waa caught in tha thiokot by his horn.. It is a day on which the Jews believe : God their abtipns daring the past year, and determines on each individual’s' fate during the coming year. . They, therefore, ask for pardon for their sins, and it is a rule among ninety-nine Jaws out of every hundred that it th'ora should happen to be any • family contention they make and if any lawsuit be 1 pending among them they atop all proceedings. With, reference to. the services to be observed in thiacity, we learn that Ihe Synagogue will he opened for Divineservice on the mornings of both days, and the whole of the business places of which tha proprietors are of the Jewish persuasion will bs closed,’and the two days strictly observed as holy days. On Sunday the Shaßr or trumpet'.will bs sounded, and a lecture will the delivered by Rabbi Goldreioh. Saturday is m the first of the ten penitential days, ending with the white fast, or day of, atonement, which takos place on Monday week, .Yesterday Mr. W. Denton paid a visit to the School of Mines, and aftera brief inspeotion of the school, hw time being limited,: he made the following entry in the visitors’ book Have been much interested in looking over the collections. The fossils are partionlarly good.— Wiima Denton, Wellesley, Masaa ohusetta. Mr Denton has not yet had an opportunity of visiting any „f the great mines in this locality, but doubtless that opportunity will soon be afforded him, a» a visit to a mine ■ from such a profound geologist as he is would be. an . instructive -as . well . as a memorable event. ■■--■■■' ■ "V .’VT'.' The Main street post-office committee are not, ,we believe, likely to rest satisfied with the present position of the question of site. They .feel keenly the action of the Town Council in refusing them a ballot on the basis of compen sation, and ask why should they bo denied all opportunity of expressing an_ opinion in a matter which they allege • seriously concerns them, as it they were unworthy . of consider ation. More will probably be heard of the matter in a few days.-’ ; According to Professor Denton it is not of, the slightest use .prospecting for coal in Bsl« latat district.; Although the formal opening of the yachting season 1881-82 will'not taka place on Lake Wendouree till next Saturday, the Ist October, yacht ’ owners intend to' have a scratch race to day, in order to test the capabilities of the Wendouree fleet under their improved forms, both in hull and tig. Some four or five of the .fleet, which have undergone skilful manipula tion at the hands of Mr T. Gill and his aids, are already -in commission, and before_ the opening day the whole of the fleet will, it is expected, be in readiness to take part in tbs ceremony. From that date, daring the ensuing season, a series of weekly contests for valuable., prizes will be held, and these—together with the : annual regatta, a special day in honor of the Governor's visit during the Grand National Exhibition, participation in the Cplao, Geelong, and probably Hobson's Bay regattas—will afford muchamusement and. pleasure , to patrons* of the club, and lovers of. aquatics generally. The scratch match will start to-day at 3.30 pirn., when the steamer Wendouree will be at the service of members of the club. - ' .... Mr W. Denton,' the popular lecturer on geology, will probably ' in troduce some matter interesting : to this district'into one of his lectures . before ha :leaves' this city. He has, had forwarded to him : some, specimens . of fossilised wood and ' minernls from the lignite mine, Lai Lai,; and other evidences of the geology of the district, to - which he will probably refer. . i , . . We believe that alt the shares in the United Australian Mutual Fire Insurance Company I that were reserved for Ballarat have been ap plied for -by some of our' principal insurers, ' We are informed that it is the desire of the company to distribute their'interest as much as possible.: The Creswick interest in the society is large, and there are close on-20,000 . shares held in that district. The foundation-stone of the new Presby terian. Church, Linton, was, we learn by telegram, - laid yesterday by Mrs Linton, of Mount Bute station. A silver trowel was presented to Mrs Linton.' The Bar.'Samuel Robinson, of St. Hilda, delivered an able address.. The Hon. Philip Bussell opened a bazaar in the Shire Hall afterwards, whieh was a complete success. ■ \- The Grenvilleahire Council, at its meeting bn Thursday, struck a general rate of one shilling in the £ on the net annual value of all rateable property within the shire for'tho year ending the 30th July,'lBB2. A Chinese named Ah Sue was robbed of £l6 10s and a nugget weighing 6i dwt in the hones of another Chinese, named Ah Wong, near Smythesdale, on Thursday, by a woman known as Harriet . Wilkinson, with whom Ah Wong is living. The woman was arrested on warrant charged with stealing the property. Ah Wong was afterwards taken into custody as an accessory. . Both prisoners were brought before Dr Jordan, J.P., and remanded till Tuesday next. The sum of £l5 10s has been recovered. Very general regret was expressed at the meetiog of the Grenvilleahire Council on Thursday last, when Cr J. Buchanan’s letter tendering his resignation of the office of councillor was read. A resolution was after wards passed unanimously, thanking Mr Buchanan for his past valuable services to tbs council, and expressing regret at his in tention of retiring from office. A -letter was . read at the Grenvilleahire Council on Thursday from Mrs Robert Linton, of Mount Bate station, inviting the councillors' attendance at the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the hew Presbyterian Church building on the' 23rd met, when an unanimous resolution- was passed, thanking 'Mrs Linton for her kind and .thoughtful In vitation, and expressing the pleasure it would Afford them tb.he present bn sointeresting an 'occasion. '■ - It is intended,, we understand, to petition' the councils interested to place the Sugg lamp in Grenville street further back towards the city, in order to obviate the'danger of any disaster. Mr W. Denton delivered his second lecture at the Mechanics' Institute yesterday, evenieg, the subject being “The world before life." The building was crowded, and the audience seemed , to be delighted with the lucid and realistic manner in. which the subject was treated. This evening Mr Denton will lecture upon “The coal and salt periods." ; The valuer for the shire of Bungaree has completed his work, and his report submitted at yesterday's meeting stated the value of the rateable property in the ahire to be £27,809105, divided as follows:—Eastern riding, £9183 10s; central riding, £7280 10s; western riding, £5193 10s; Water Commission, £6152. The notice, of motion given some time ago by Cr Caldwell, with reference to the proposed floating of a loan of £14,000 in connection with the Bungareeahire, was not discussed at yesterday's meetiog, the mover not having furnished himself with some necessary particu lars. Cr Anderson,.in seconding the resolution that ito consideration should be deferred, took occasion-to condemn the proposal as. being unnecessary. He pointed out that under the present eyatam of meeting the liabilities'the present debt would bo wiped out in two years* time, and he therefore did not think it would be acting wisely to burden the shire with a debt, which, according to moderate calcula tions, would take more than a score of years to clear. The quarterly meetiog of the Church of England Sunday-school Association of the diocese of Ballarat, was celebrated last evening in the Christ Church schoolroom by a tea and public meeting. The tea was catered for by M'Kenzie,' Bridge street, about 130 persons sitting down to it. The tables were presided over by lady representatives of the various Anglican Sunday-schools in the district. Afterwards a public meeting was held; the Lord Bishop of Ballarat in the chair. Subjects were eeleoted for discussion, including “ The treatment of infant classes," “ Examinations,” “ Means of retaining elder scholars,” and the efforts of the speakers evoked hearty applause from the audience who had assembled, to the number of 250. The enjoyment of the even ing was considerably promoted by the vocal and instrumental music supplied by several friends. The usual, meeting of St. John’s Mutual Improvement Association was held on Thurs day night; the president (Rev. J. W. Inglis) in the chair. There was a large attendance of members, upwards 0f..150 being present. An essay on “ Poetry" was read by Mr D. Car. negie. The essay was of more than ordinary interest, both because of the ability with which it was written and the admirable manner in which it was read. Several poetical quota tions, which were appropriately introduced, were given with great naturalness and power. A number of the members took part in the discussion which followed, the president bring ing the whole to a'close by a well-merited eulogiumof the essay. Three now members were admitted, and ono proposed. The next moating begins .a new quarter, the syllabus of which is, no understand, a most interesting one. . ° Wo learn that Mr C. W. Sinclair has dia posed of his horse Goldtop to Mr S. Shtimn ton for £lOO. ; t At the invitation of Mr Jackson, chairman of the Bungaree. Doan, and Warrenheip Ploughing Match Committee, a number of the members, together with a few of the prominent residents u the district, met at the Waggoners’ Arms Hotel, Pootilla, on Thursday evening to wind up matters in connection with the' lata successful ploughing ; match, and to celebrate the occasion in proper style. The accounts, &0., having been fully and carefully audited, the balance-sheet 3in showing a credit balance of £49. The gentlemen present then partook of refreshments, which were served up in a really first class manner by Host Godding, the spread being At : a nature that would have done no ..discredit to the leading caterers. After ' ample . justice had been done to the eatables,' ths chairman (Mr Jackson) proposed the .toast, of the Queen'and the Royal Family. Mr Anderson; M.S.C., then gave the toast of the Ploughing Match-Com mittee, and in so doing complimented the members on so successful a termination of the undertaking, which had osrtainly bean the bast of the kind ever held In the colony, both for prizes, competition, and attendance. The - chairman responded, and stated that he had/ basn ably assisted in bis datiaa'by’’'tho secretary, treasurer, and other members of committee, who had worked with a will, and if the match was not a success it w«s,osrtainly.noi.their fault. He considered that a shire 'that- had the- four elements of greatness, viz, good land, plenty of water, wood and stone ought to' have a permanent match committee,' and 1 the day was not far distant when they would have a Champion Ploughing Match held in their midst. After sundry other toasts -bad-been disposed of, the com pany separated, thoroughly well pleased with the hospitable manner in which they had been entertained by the chairman, Mr Jackson.. The relations between “the of Ballarat and. Oolao are," friendly and cordial, and it will please the members of our local' club ; to learn'that' every' thing promises well for a successful season in the pleasant western town. The opening of the Colac yachting season is .fixed for Monday, 10th October, when probably Ballarat visitors will be pre sent. ... It will.be seen by an advertisement else where that the Mayor of Ballarat East requests the inhabitants to show, their deep regret for tbs death of the President of the United ■ States, and their sympathy with the citizens of America,. by displaying all the bunting available in the town half-mast high, and by all business places having their shutters up from 12 to 3 p.m. on Monday, 28 th instant. A man named'James Dadd was-arrested yesterday by Constable . Brennan and lodged in the City lock-up, on the charge of stealing a belt valued at 10s, the ‘property of Stuart Bell, barber, of Mair street. The accused will appear at the City Court this morning. A .charge of misconduct was preferred against Constable Hastings in- the City Police Court yesterday, and the. evidence will be found reported elsewhere.' The bench held the charge was not sustained. _ At the ordinary monthly meeting of the Bungareeahire" Council, held yesterday, the secretary laid upon the table the estimates for the ensuing year. The statement showed the estimated revenue to be £3575, to be derived as : follows Endowment, £2000; special subsidy, £1000; licenses, £400; ■ the balance made up of sundry small accounts. The ex penditure was- estimated at £6355 and con sisted of—lnterest and sinking fund, £1303 6s 8d; City Council, £525; salaries, Ac., £780; maintenance of roads, £3746 13s 4d. It is proposed to make up the deficiency by a rats of 2s' in the£l on all rateable property in the shire; and' for this purpose a special meeting baa been called- to be held on the 30th instant.' '■ The main roads in the shires of Bungaree and Buninyong are frequently the cause of much discussion at the council tables, in con sequehce'of the numerous complaints made as to'their condition. The traffic along some* of these highways, more especially the main Melbourne, State Forest, and Fellmongers roads, is simply enormous, and the wonder really seems to be how the various councils can manage to keep them even in a moderate state of repair. 'One has simply to take a drive along the main Melbourne road, any day in the week, to see what the traffic really is, and to pass by a continual string of heavily-laden waggons filled with mining and other timber, firewood, and produce, all of which have Bal larat as their journey’s end. The Bungaree shire Council has Obtained the promise of £lOOO from the Government towards the maintenance of the three roads we have above referred to, bat a mere tyro so far as engineer ing is concerved could see at a glance that such an amount will not cover more perhaps than one-fourth of the annual expense. At the meeting of the council, held yesterday, the subject was discussed at great length, and a step,taken in. the right direction by deciding to invite tenders for the supply of maintenance metal for all roads at a cost not to exceed £2500.. The main Melbourne road is to be made a matter for the joint deliberation of delegates representing the shires of Bungaree and Buninyong, who will meet at 11 a.m. on Saturday, Ist prox., at Brophy’a hotel. The delegates appointed by the former council are the president (Cr Richards), and Crs Anderson. Crowley, Lofven, and Caldwell. It is to be hoped that the conference will adopt some suitable' scheme for the maintenance of the road.in question. Oh' Tuesday evening Mr G. T. Roberts, professor of dancing, attended, the Masonic banquet ' at Craig’s hotel, and :• left ; his overcoat with a .number of others in the cloakroom. ‘ In', the .pocket of _ the coat ithere'- was,' a pookethook. containing money, scrip, and. papers. On Mr Roberts re turning for‘his coat he found that it had beendisturbed, and on farther examination he : missed his pooketbook and contents, as also bfapipeand tobacco-pouch. He at once nut the matter into Detective Eason’s hands,- and also advertised his loss in the morning papers. Yesterday morning, however, by post, he received an anonymous parcel containing the pocketbook and documents, but not the money or the pipe. Such a loss at such a time naturally created a deal of unpleasantness, and judging from the way in which the matter stands at present, it is far from being satisfac torily settled. The thief , had better forward the remainder of the stolen property, as Detec tive Eason appears to have a- clue which will probably lead to the detection -of the offender. A clever trick, but scarcely smart enough, appears to have been attempted by a law clerk and publican well known at Clunes and Mary borough, who recently got into monetary difficulties, and left Maryborough for fields betb fresher and “greener.” Yesterday’s Maryborough Advertiser contains the following: —“On the wrong scent It was generally supposed that a gentleman recently resident in . Maryborough was off to Callao, but the Times of India of 22nd August, contains the following among the death notices:—* Hoskins. —l2th August, at Bombay. India, Edward Hoskins, lata of Maryborough, Victoria, Aus tralia, aged thirty-four years.' (Australian papers please copy.)’ Very like a whale. It is not necessary to authenticate death notices \- in the Times of India t as it is prominently announced at the head of the births, mar riages, and death notices, that • We decline to insert announcements of domestic occurrences unless accompanied by a fee of two rupees.’ It is only a matter of two rupees. Miles’s boy saw either Hoskins or bis ghost at Wagga Wagga last week, whither he appeared to be . proceed ing farther north on an important mission.” Mr Hoskins referred to is a son of Huntly -Hoskins, solicitor, for some time owner of- Nimblefoot, the Cup winner, and a nephew of William Hoskins, the comedian. . Late advices from South Africa tell of the great success of Mr J. C. Rainer’s dioramas of the American war, and the Russo-Turkish war. At the-end of July, last they were, being ex hibited under the management of Mr Harry Stanley, at the Theatre Royal, Port Elizabeth; aud though the drain upon the people in con sequence of the Transvaal and Basuto wars has been very severe, Mr Stanley is more than well content with the business done. His visit to the diamond fields, although made in the midst of the rainy season, was, he reports, very satisfactory. During the six months he has travelled in South Africa with the exhibition the receipts have averaged over £BOO per month, an amount far in excess of any other entertainment that has .been shown, in that part of the world, and, considering that it was Mr Stanley’s second visit with the same exhi .bitiope, and under the adverse local circum stances of the colony, it speaks well for the popularity of the entertainment. The meeting of the Reform League on Monday night (observes the Melbourne corres pondent of the Ararat Advertiser) was not encouraging. The league contains some Irish members who are leading men, and they are not at all opposed to the Education Commis sion, which the Wesleyan liberals of Ballarat won t have at any price. The consequence is that a split looks likely on this point. Alto gether the affairs don’t look very t-j j '. -^ r Berry was vary freely chidden, and that he expressed a disposition to throw up the whole thing if greater unanimity and spirit ware not shown. But, really, con sidering the league gave Mr Berry an over whelming majority in 1877 and he did nothing with it, I cannot wonder at the lukewarmness now shown. The people are something like the lion—once they have missed their spring they want a lot of taunting to try again. Stanley, the explorer, is (observes an ex change) reported to be dying in Central Africa, ue is one of those spirits of whom Byron wrote, as,posaessed with the devouring flame of ardor. ‘ Fatal to him who bears, to all who SJ* 8 " oro > . Byron himself being an example. -* r ®P? that Stanley is a victim of disap pointed love, a young lady to whom he was attacned having married while he was achieving ms last triumphant journey, during which bis hair turned white in a month or two. Spiritualism', a belief which has now become hrmly fixed in the minds of many (writes the dv&tiscr;) occasionally affords peculiar and apparently inexplicable incidents, and the I tollowmg, which has just come to our know ledge, and for the truth of which wo can vouch, will not bo without interest in this * seance, held last week in Uelhpurne, the medium, who has only been In the colony a few months, whilst in a trance, conveyed the intelligence of (he presence of “ W. Mackintosh,” who said that be bad been the first Presbyterian minister at Ararat, that it was twenty-four years since he left Scotland, mentioning his place of residence there. This was his first, appearance, but be said he would come again; .One of the ladies present, a Mrs Tullooh, knowing that a friend of hers, then a resident afSt. Kilda, had lived for many yean at Ararat, called upon her to ascertain if any such person as Mr Mackintosh had ever been stationed there, and was of course informed that'the details given were correct. It will be interesting to learn if a farther visit is made by the spirit of the rev. gentleman. We learn from tbs Oetlong Advertiser that there is every probability of the hon. Graham Berry being invited shortly to attend a com* plimentary soiree to be given by the liberal party of politicians in Geelong. We under stand that arrangements are being made to hold a big demonstration, somewhat on the scale of that so successfully held at Ballarat a week or eo since. It will be seen by an announcement which appears in our advertising columns, that the Bev. J. W, Inglls intends preaching a sermon to- morow evening in memoriam of the much lamented President Garfield. Occupying the highest office in the great sister empire of the United States, and sustaining a close relation ship to tbs Christian church, there are doubtless - many aspects of bis character And career which are worthy of note, even from . the Christian pulpit, while the tragic circum stances of his death cast a sad and special interest over alb In" Holy Trinity -Church, Sebastopol, on Sunday evening there will be prayer at 6.80; preacher, the Bev. H. T. Tranmar. The holy sacrament of baptism will be administered. ' The Bev. J.- A. Stuart will preach in the Scots’ Church on Sunday morning and even* ing. In the morning the subject will bs, V Obedience, the test of love,” and in the evening, “Is salvation limited 1” Mr Wilson, of Castlemaine, will preach in the Disciples’ Chapel, Dawson street, on Sunday evening, at 6.30, on “ The Gospel in Antioch.” It is announced by advertisement that Mr Dawrence Bichardson resumes teaching on the 10th October. The general list of persons claiming to be entitled to vote for members of the Legislative Council in the Warrenbeip division of the South-western Province may be inspected at the office of tbs registrar, Mr John Byrne, until 18th October, by persons interested. . A. local land board will be held at the police court, Ballarat, on Monday, 3rd October, to hear a number of applications, which will be found advertised in another column. The adjourned annual meeting of the Bal larat Turf Club will be held at 8 o’clock on Monday evening in the George hotel. The Bail way Department announces in our columns to-day that periodical tickets calcu lated on a mileage basis for any station on the country lines, can be bad on application at the traffic manager’s office, Spencer street, Melbourne. In our advertising columns the Town Council has invited tenders for the erection of a picket fence around the site for the baths, as also for farming and metalling a portion of James’ street. 