Frozen Meat. The following letter appears in the Austral' asian, addressed to the editor - Sir-My I request the favour of your in- serting the full swing remarks on the above subject just received from a friend in London very largely interested in our attempt to establish this export Mince? fully - ' When I wrote you by but mail the shipment by the Orient had to rived in splendid order, and it would have brought a good price had not the Cuzco shipment done 30 much harm ' Now the Garonne meat, is on the market in bad condition, a part of it condemned by the inspector. I believe the machine on the Garonne did its work as well as that on the Orient, but the meat was spoiled before it was put on board. The meat that the inspector taken is perfectly sweet, but the bulk of it has a fungous growth on the inside of the sheep The sheep look all right on the outside at least some of them do, but when opened you see the growth from the ribs on each side On one that I saw it was as large as a dinner plate, nearly an inch thick, white, and not easily rubbed eft, felt like soft leather Some of the other sheep the inspector took on account of small black spots I do not know what causes these black spots The fungus is, I think, caused by the meat having been frozen in 1 damp atmosphere at Orange, allowed to draw on the way to Sydney, and put into the Blue wet Some of the sheep in this shipment were prime, others again were wretchedly thin One the steamer said to me that they must think we are badly off for mi at when they send us such stuff is that " Another reason I have for thinking the meat was not in a frozen state when put on board is that it is in all manner of shapes, like some of the first Protos shipment "One good feature in this shipment is that there is not so much dripping or discolouration 18 in the shipments previous to the Orient ' I think the will is mistaken as to the meat - having been frozen in 1 damp atmosphere at Orange, is the machine used by that company is 1 dry air one they may have been pushed for time, having only a Bindi machine, and perhaps the meat may not have been thoroughly in Zen, which was the case with us here once or twice but I think that thawing in the railway era is the more probable supposition The Orange Company will most likely be able to ice unit for it The cargo sent from Melbourne by the Orient was the first which reached London in fruitless condition, as regards qu iii ty of sheep, perfect si lightering, and almost total absence of an lattice on the outside of the carcasses I attribute this entirely to our having had ample time to thoroughly free/a the whole cargo in our own eli held by the dry air process, and rapid expedition 111 conveying the meat in a frozen state from the works to the ship This was mostly due during the night The me it was also very prime, all right carcasses being rejected Three vessels from Sydney, arriving in London almost together, loaded with frozen meat, the greater portion of which was unfit for the market, is something for our black brethren in New S south Wales to be proud of They started this export with great deliberation, waited for us to sit w them the way, had any amount of time to disc over any mistakes we were making, through having to grope our way totally without experience to guide us, and with all these advantages, full swing in comparatively beaten track, they have succeeded ] 111 1! tin in g the character of Austral) iii in her most to such 111 extent that a long time must elapse btf so we can hope to recover the position we have gained in the L mit 11 market W íth the single exception of the Orange Company, there was no organisation of any kind 1 111 New South Wales to see that the beginning of this trade was conducted in such a manner it was at all likely to ensure success If there is one Hung more than either that the people in Liifjliud Vi particular about, it is U eil butch"! meat They will drink all sorts of inferior wines and b[ nits wholesale, and constitute any quantity of food neatly v 1 dipped up in tins or paper without much grumbling ; but their mutton, beef, and 1 oil must please both the eye and a date, and, what above all concerns us out here they 11 c willing to pay 1 good price for good meat. Knowing all this, what can we expect when we find our treat 'au led in London with fungous growth inside the ribs of the sheep as large as dinner plates, assuming the appearance of enormous toadstools ' Many people thought the London butchers were the principal operator in disposing of our meat at fair prices No doubt the e astute tradesmen will do their best to buy Australian meat as cheap as they can, and an organisation is necessary in 1 ugland to look after this most important put of the business Cold dry mr chatty ers, distribu- tion in the large inland towns, Perhaps co operative stores 01 retail premises, will need to be established but we must first resolve to ship only the very best quality of meat, and land it 111 perfect condition When the meat reaches London, every carcase must be carefully over hauled before it 11 sent out for silo Had the precaution been taken with the damaged portion of the cargoes recently landed there would have been no need of a public condemnation of any Australian meat by an inspector the great drawback with which we have still to contend, up art from careless shipment of in favor melt, in the cost of transit On all we have hitherto sent the freight has averaged quite 21st, nearly 20 1 per lb The only way we can hope to get tim reduced is by sending much larger quantities in each ship The waste space for machinery, the supervision, and the steam required on the voyage, to defeat the aims for 3000 sheep as for 10,000 or 12,000 The scarcity of shipping at present, and comparatively high rates of freight, prevent any immediate chance of material reduction. We expected refers us to have tried an experiment in sailing vessels, but the rates now asked are too high to warrant the outlay neces play to fit one up Since writing the foregoing, I have been informed by a gentleman from Sydney that the meat per Garonne was mostly frozen by the indicator process, and was damp when put on board -Yours, etc, GEO. FaTHER) VIRN. 20th December. Tiiky say (remarks "Endymion") that in the colonies there is no romance, and that everything wears the row gloss of extreme newness. Nonsense! The country is strewn with relics of the past, monuments of bygone eras. Age 23 merely comparative. Does any- one deny the antiquity of a mouldering rain because the blocks of stone crumbling from its walls are themselves remains of past geological cycles. Why then deny us the possession of genuine antiques ? It was only the other day I saw two human fossils meet in Queen street. They had lived in the Dark Ages far back in the mist of (Queensland) centuries, about the time when "Billy Landsborough" reigned in Rolling Carpentaria. To the undfacerning eye they seemed to be alive yet, but it was not so. Some Melbourne speculators had found them in their remote solitudes, made them suddenly wealthy by buying their runs, and then, having killed their old life, left them to drift aimlessly along the tide of an unfamiliar civilisation in Brisbane. One poor Carpets tar ran ghost gazing with lack - lustre eyes on the stream of Hung respectable stranger.! suddenly lit on his old comrade, engaged in the same dreary amusement They rushed together. There was a long clinging band grip, and a " Good Heavens I is that you ; ain't you dead yet V Of course they found their way into the nearest public-house, and there was a friendly altercation between "Tom" and " Ned " as to who should" stand treat. The point settled, Tom gave his order, " Rum, my dear, and a good square nip." It came to Ned's turn. " A lemon squash," ho timidly suggested. There was a pause of utter astonishment, a rush- ing stream of picturesque expletives, and at last articulate words : "Not in my company, Ned, not in my company. I thought you had been dead, old man, and I was sorry to think it, but I never thought you would have come to this." "It is impossible," said one politician to another, " to say where your party ends and the opposition party begins." "Well, sir," replied, the other, "if you were riding a jackass, it would be impossible to say where the man ended and the donkey began." 