THB Honourable James M'Kean has been "it it a<min," this time succeeding in An«eriuo; the chance of -the opening of L Gippsland Lakes' Entrance — for !hich the "hole district has been fighting f r the last 20 years—with his pieposterous motion for removing the sand at Jemmy's point. The stale of the case mil bepbest ^Jtood from the following, asip) para- graph in yesterday's Aigus - i member unfortunately objected ye&^raay • Assemblv to the proposal to spenc M on the opening of the Gipp land Lakes Tle result w an hour ;of speeches f^Mr ' .„i Mr M'Kean on the wants of Gippsjfeon ana im * - HKU features-, of .- the. lakes,.-and^Kave:a: Mirt narrative of the ,engiflcerinK:.eBFprts,:to. n them with a statement of the .causes af Z failure of the various plans. --Mr. ^ang-;- fie said thatthe only objection to the narra- 2ithst Mi M'Kean puts the picture up MP down The works which the hon.member Imposes were erected to dam therivcrsm.were intended to keep the sea out A dozen people,. Csara have argued witli-Mr. M'Kean' on'the; "pot 'but not one has ever convinced him of lis fundamental error ~ f Mr M'Kean managed, by his speech on the subject to give lion members -Hie idea that the scheduled amount for the . works: wmld not be necessary if his piece of amateur engineering at the cost of £2000 were . carried out, and caused the .late Commissioner of Customs to ask if:-that did : not show that there was no necessity to spend so large a sum as £60,000 ?" We are at a loss to understand why the • • Government allows the ndiculousitem of : £2000 to stand upon the Estimates, after i tlie recent remark by tho Minister of : Public Works that although the: plans irere realy, it was not advisable to call for tenders for the works, .as it-might endanger of tlie- opening. of the en- Sureiy they do not think, that SlrM-Kean's opinion is so m^li^uperior to that given by Su John Coo'de J 33iey must be aware that when science ^aadsekperience mark out a course as the proper one to be pursued, mam strength, ignorance and stupidity are hardly likelyto improve upon it Mr M^an^slso made the totally gratuitoiis ancl^ 'unralled for assertion that t iSale>° and Bairnsdale were practically cutting each other's tliroatswvar ihe matter, —, aremaik which certainly .hasaio foundation, so far as Sale and a largenumber. of tie inhabitants;ofrthe Bairnsdale district are concerned. They have coidially united in pushing^tlie. good work forward, and tlie only opposiKon to _it has-:come froma few who would not-be.satisfied with any improvement at their own ^oors.unless a corresponding .mjuiy-would . be inflicted by it upon ' Sale. We protest onc mote against this interference on the part of Mr M'Kean with the progress and prosperity of the district, and ne again assure the Government that he does not represent the feeling of the more • -enlightened and publicrspirited'of .his constituents. Accounts for A. W. Howitt, R. Allan, E. Bartlett, J. Ingleton, - and J.James; a grant for D. Campbell,-and a.lease for eieciiSion byB. Dolan are at the receipt and pay office, Sale It is announced m the Melbourne papers that on and after Friday next return excursion tickets at a single fare and a half will be issued on the -Victonan. rail-, rays. These tickets-will.be available by the last train on Friday and ;by; all Saturday trams, and may be used on the return journey by all trains up to: the following Monday night. In compliance with the request of several of our subscribers, we republish in full from tlie Argus the report of the decision of the full court m the appealmade by the shire for a new trial, in the case of W. Manson v. Shire of Maffra. Thereport will be read with interest by our numerous subscribers in that district, and the case itself bids fair, we should imagine, : to become as " historical" as that referred; to by the Cluef Justice in giving Ins opinion. The gutter from Messrs English, v.Peek, and Co. 's corner to tlie Church of •England; is now in such a state as to call for immediate attention. The kerbmg, and channelling require to be continued to the drain, and if some of the surplus water from the artesian well could be turned: into the gutter, not only would the church people feel the benefit, but the.residents: of the town might be saved from some dangerous fever, the end of which we could not foietell Surely the disease "aging in Sydney ought to make us more careful in sanitary matters. On Tuesday evening Mr Gullinan, pre-: sided over a well attended committee meeting of the Irish Land League, at the vntenon hotel. Several additional names Jfere added to the committee Mr J wUrns having resigned, the vice-presidency «tie league, Mr T. Duggan was elected to the vacant ofcee. - It was decided tha ai future meetings be! held in the Grand .United Oddfellows' Hall, the secretary hav4 Mglured the builduig, with Hie consent of ™ wnmittee for " that : purpose:' "The; subscription lists having been received, we meeting adjourned till Tuesday next.' • Sesterday 3normn^ tlie -Mayorko1' t]ie wrougiij in company with Ci's English "and wpping, paid a visit to tlie gasworks, and ™do?yn the manhole into the gasholder; mH° , partyex I )ermlente<i witliaMrnet ™«ie echo and acoustic properties ot"Hie •agazine, with some choice selections from Mintana. - The result is stated to have en fine, the echoes lasting for to d - T® ds 0n the returning hole -i ^1vas P ut on the manr ,' an<1 ™ er e it will remain, unless some •uorseen event occasion its removal J?®'. Drown coriespondent sends the of ft?? no1es ~ Tlle adjourned meeting 0UU1 Crlckefc L, j Club was held on wureiay at Lvons' Railway hotel, when J'*™? oflicera and comaatiee were i>2'^^sident, Mi J Startup 5 W - , Itss aiw,. Connor and Cavenagh; Messl3 A1U Owen, Plunuidge, ffl-^v<^ok,'-.W. , ;;Nel8on, Tracy, cid?t ,°!' e ' aud Startup It was de- 0on& a scratch match on Mrs tJln ! on. Saturday —A man J,., : J - Lawi-ence was fined 4.2 oi 10 Mil "W'lsoiuiieiit for assaulting W tain, y Pairot Cieek —Apubli- 5ne.-i s ' °'Keefc.was on Saturday : fcj"? ™d_costs for not having a light in char!™ .- lce nsed.premises A second a0|ri,;' l an!st a,e 5 same defendant for ^tas on lus . licensed premises; «um.f)T?f d --' 1 ' he Buln Buln ^lure "• -^hen ®eetoig-vpn Pndayjast, the 't 3 ' s T eded 111 ^aring.^11 Dioum nf pondenoe , » real's —Hie" • ^ Iron ! y ,oai s ocie%, :s?mported by the ten-,,® l^omanpe ^natic Club, intend to mve a Ulthe local U11 ^ & Oct V, when they -will produce the ' Mummy " As the performance is for a worthy object, there should be a good house. •• ». A stiange'Jore and aft Schooner was standing off^the Entrance-yesterday The name is not known, but it is supposed that she is the ...vessel,-which is. laden with coals for the^Sale^gas wortoy :darect : froni ^ew- The Gfehgarry, schooner, left Melbourne on Friday, the 16th, for the lak&v; visited fcoih Sale and Bairnsdale, ihelattpr port .twice, and reached Melbourne" a§ain on Tuesday, the 27th This JB about the quickest trip for a schooner, which lias ever been recorded It will be r seen by our Melbourne correspondent's <;«iesBage - that .Mr . -Bent "has made his mind -with regard to theproposed Gippsland railways, and that his and we observe ty-last nlght's .-Herald that this was Jhe .answer which Mr Bent gave to a:deputation from therPoowong railway league which waited upon him yesterday.: The committee of thej Gippaland -Gun. Club metiastroght ,at the Criteiion hotel;. There :were .present-Messrs 'Swan (vicepresident),- m the chair. Allan, Carpenter,: Morris, Ellis, Br Sing, and the hon sec;: Mr Treloar The Ballarat rules were road and. approved of, three new yules' were added, and the whole will Tie submitted fori siatification ;to. the general meeting to be held on Saturday next: '- *•• is- Many persons have an idea that lunatics; are often discharged from the asylums •before: theyi are .fit to-be at large, and certainly, from sthe-^ntics rof i a man who came - to .Sale .by the evemng train -oii iTuesday-last we should say there is some ;ground ; ior their;fears. She man sJluded" ito stated-that he had been robbed .of Kis: gold and put in tne " lilnatics," but that' he was not mad. ^However, fromthe way? he went on, dahciilg and threatening to jump out of the window, of-• the carriage which :he occupied^ -the:jother passengers; were glad to' give ''hxni a wide berth, and r tooktheearlieatopportumtyofclianging: their scats mto another, carriage. . / A meeting of the Sale 3Etowing Club was ; held last anight at- .Wishart's -iExchangei hotel.. There were present; Massrs Earran- : (president)in the chair, Campbell (cap tarn), E.-Guthndge,i:Bencraft,. Smith, Carter,. Fricker,-.Haggar,iW}shart,:.Thomas:and' iBaker. It was decided ihat40 debentures •of one pormd'five shillings each"l>e issued, ithe same to 'bear• date dFrom October 1st; I Mr Creelman handed in his lesignation-as hon. secretary to rthexjlub, and Mr Ben- - craft, jun. was appointed in his stead.. Messrs GheflSns, Croft,, and E. M'Millan were elet&ed; membere of the club.. It'wafe 1 - arranged tliat the boat procession^lioul^-i start at 2.-30,-p.m. on-rSatui^Lay ynext, and that the- course--should be •fromiho shed "to : the : bndge. and -baek again, ; :u A :discussion of several -financial "matters m ®on- ! nection with the club took jplace, and the meeting adjourned liast mght's Biei'oM says-ir^-Itfhas oftent; been-iremarked -that crimes of violence* repeat themselves in "the manner of scommission, and: .no ~.-jnore striking, sexample of this could be jmaginefl than tnat afforded by the tragedy .which occurred in Simpson's road this morning. A few weeks since, on Napier-street, • Fitzroyj:::®;:^respectable;::waiter suddenly became • • insane . v«md- attempted . to murder his wife, - and i .then cut: his own throat: Russell -Martin, -a draper of Simpson'ss®oad'3ias been affeetcd m Ins mind for some time. This morning he. made an attempt upon-the-; e life of Ins wife, and then succeeded; mv termiuatmg his own existence by cutting; his throat. The tiro cases are exactly parallel. A committee meeting of the Fish acclimatisation society was held on Tuesday afternoon.' A letter from.the Geelong : society was read, suggesting that : the' young fry should be taken charge of immediately, as they wore m a very forward state ; it was a matter for. regret that the distribution would not be so large as anticipated,.jas • in -the hatching the expectations of the society had not been Fu!Med. It is intended that one of the members shall proceed, to Geelong to take delivery of the fish, as early as possible." - I>r Kmg, iriio has thoroughly identified : himself"with' 1 thevacclima'tisation of fish in . Gippsland rivers, received on Monday last ai small ^consigmnent . of gold fish, to be placed in Lake Guthridge, and as theseouncil will bB requested' to issue regulations; for their preservation; the fish will doubtless thrive $ 'they were, entrusted to the care of the mail-guard Mr Smith, who was so careful of his i important cargo, that fonly. one fish -died i during the transit 1 :. The E.'MrS. "Venetia arrived-at Albany : on Monday last From the telegraphic, summary of'news it appears that the lirishl Land Bill received "the Queen's assent -on; the 22nd- August.» The difficult between • the Lords and . Commons, -which -seemed likely at .'first to cause a party deadlock, was finally settled bya 'judicious compromise The provisions of the act as it now stands -have been.; well summarised: in letter by Sir Chailes Gavan 3Ju% -to the Irish people. ." Sir: Charles says that all the; arbitrary powers and unjust practices com-: •plained of by the Irish tenants have been STyept away by the act, and that it is a boon such as no Parliament—native or -foreign—has ;tnade . to thecIriBh/people. The power of raising'Terit as the land Commipsion pronounces is a fair one. The tenant's.. improvements '.are-, effectually secured to him, antUiccanseE them along with his r^hts .of possession, at the best price, as freelyas the landlord can sell his estate. Hecaimotbe^jeetedforfifteen years? sandi-ms thei^aulb of cases she scan iiever be expelled while complying ^wjth certain conditions. :.-,The tenant pjiy^ a fair rent fixed by:& and they have now an-easy method-and i Substantial help to transform themselves into landed proprietors, .landlordism ss' disestablished nearly as effectually as the Irish Church of ihe.iimmif: to unhappy consequences One of the young female immigrants dressed Jierself in a sheet, pretending to be .a ghost At dead of night she stalked -amongst the sleeping girls, "whom she aroused ( In'one instance ithe shock was so'seyere that a insane She was examined «n the arrival of the ship T)y medical men, on "whose -were afterwards pelted with rotten ^ Two men were given into custody — Matthew,Burnett andlis wile.* ere thrown, ftom a buggy at Clare MM Burnt picked up unconscious "but is reco Mr Burnett was not much bmt — Petroleunl hsa been Struck m a bore on- Salt creel South Australia,-and there is considerable excitement o\ er the news — At'a deputajaon which waited on -the- Muiister of Railways yesterday, Mr Bent said i,bat the puichase of the Hobsons Bay lines by "the Government ^ ota^hegenCTal>ublic was] sailed yesterday; --taking specieio ihe value; of' £121,940 t ' ^ _ I •M",,,.^ red. .i-id Or. wll ullat S r s I k'Leai aiti 'Co will-^ell to- ^ • il+hCJ wtds, MaffraJ ff pSltcattCsSO m all;-and also, in con- , -inonow, at-thel -MaHra^yardB, tat cows and huliooks, mixed.jyoimr-fetook, steers, andVtore bullocks osh and Co.. will sell at ;R-morro^;?;70 head fat ,. .. --.- —JLuO iCroBS-bipdiewBs-.and lamb A- • pound --sale : will -be : Jield; at Maffra to morrow at noon. • - ,. - : 'Common-takes jilace onthe 3rd,' 1 4thy : aiid-5fcti' October gr y rr.( r/1T<T4r " Members of "the Sale" Ciicke*t' eiilb-- will reffiember that the anriual.%feneral meeting .takes place to-night at Wishatt's Exchange Hbtel. The' tenders for the T&mbo; Talley road i ; works must-be forwarded"BO aa io reaeh'-the Batrnsaale slure council at half- past 10 next Saturday ^The;-iN'arracan--contractora xyill yemeDlber that jtenderajfor work 1 ,-on . their shire must^e-in -the roffice ,at Waterloo -by -half-past,, eleTOn^on Saturday -next i ^ -4 , John-Wilhkmsrthe te&toax; *b 'Eosedalfe7 notifies that :the . general ;list- -oI-voters for the .westem'.^iviBion'iof'tihe !-prowncei'i-jaay:S3e -in-' spected &t; his office \- .Mi; Geoiige.f!hapman, of IPoster-street, libit' fies .that-.t"he largest stock of pianofortes 'and organs ever exhibited m the dintnet'mll arrive to-dav, - and be oil vn-';v.-;-at. }iis pr^smsr-f; on Satorday;; 3?hekew stock has beenrselected by himself:peraonaHy. i.'Mr: Chapman statesihat he is sole:agent and only importer mGippsland of the "Standard" organ. . -From ._»• notice wliioli ---appears m aiiofch'e^ GQinran (ie seen-that the 'resiSents of EaglehaBrk, .Toongabbie,-. sand ;-Cowwai 'are 10 vited to tend a meeting on next Monday rneht, in.®oongabbie, ;in-jorder to -:take' :fina£l steps.-^in. the matter of • procuring a".resident, doctor. •x.Wtom'p^vate-sources weareinTormed. .that a Jaigeiguarantee -has "been ^raised -fertile purpose, and that there'is & large and increasing practice for ;a-rsteady "<and: energetic youngdoctor.—The trustees of itheToongabbiecemeterv.:also .notifyathat ^their collector will" call upon-eubsenbors shortly. - -..:,..... - 