RAMBLES ROUND THE GARDENS. [By a Suburban Resident.] SOME GROTTOES AND FERNERIES Having been informed that there were some very handsome specimens of ornamental horti cultural architecture in coarse ot construction at Medindie and Montefiore Hill. I snmrht. m introduction to view the same a few days ago. Upon the way I visited Mr. Edwin Smith's nursery at Clifton, and ran through his houses and grounds just to admire some of his plants. ■h be beautiful Phareolns c&taealla;, or screw bean, vbs this year lost the greater part of its foliage eery early, probably on account of the coolness f the summer. I noticed an immense stork of -popular plants, such as Statices, Diosmas, Eou vardiss, roses, and other well-known plants; but new things were comparatively scarce, Mr. Smith informing me that he finds the old favourites give more satisfaction to bis customers generally than do the thousand-and-one new plants, or old plants with new names, which arecatalogued in big types nowadays. He is not destitute of rare and good plants, however, for whenever he hears of anything really good be procures it; as, for instance, he has a good stock of Jacaranda roimosafolia, one of the most magnificent flower ing shrubs known to gardeners, and only lately found to be suitable for outdoor growth by a plant being put in the open ground at Mr. B. Barr Smith's place at Torrens Park. I could not help admiring the beautiful Passiflora "Imperatrice Eugenie," which keeps floweriDg nearly all the year round under the pro tection of the shadehouse; also the two clematises, 0. "Jackmanni" and G. "Prince of Wales," both of which are very handsome climbers, covered with large flowers, one dark-blue, and the other of a lighter tint. If I had given way to my inclinations I should have stayed a good long time, bnt Mr. Smith hinted that it wonld take all my time to do justice to the objects for which the day was de voted, and he kindly accompanied me to the Hon. G. 0. Hawker's garden, where he intro duced me to Mr. Georgison, the head gardener, who showed us over the houses, kc. The fernhouse is built upon the natural eurfsce, and the ferns are staged upon a built-up rockery, in imitation of some of the rough places which are to be found in limestone country, with bete a rill, or a petty cascade, or a quiet little pool, with fish hiding away under the shade cf a miniature rock, or snimmiDginto - or out of the caves. Sometimes there is a bold crag jutting out over a pool, and then a sloping rock running gently down into the water, then a pinnacle pointing skywards like a steeple. Between the recks there are hollows, and oc casionally a plateau, in or upon which the alluvium has collected, and in this rich soil, kept in a properly damp state by hidden springs, arc growing innumerable varieties of ferns, from tbe graceful Adiantum Gracillimum to the hold-foliaged Adiantum Peruvianam', or A. Fsrleyense, or A. Trapeziforme, with Lycopods, Pteris, Gymnogrsmmas, and representatives of all the tribes gathered from the four corners of the earth. By a very ingenious arrangement tbe house can- be heated either wholly or in part. It is covered, of coarse, with glass, and kept in first-class order. The rockwork looks exceedingly natural, and there is no evidence of cementing, or of the handiwork of the artist about it; yet it is all the work of oae who, by his art, so imitates Nature that but few can recognise the difference. The grotto is only partly built in another part of the grounds, aud is a very extensive work, thought not yet nearly finished. It is Bur rounded by a circle of Schiuus molle, already well grown up, and iB entered by a long descend ing circular pathway, probably much over 100 yards in length. On each side of the path will be built rockwork such as may be found at the •entrance of a stalactite cave—of this a portion has already been finished—and npon the rocks will be grown all kinds of plants usually found in such localities. The floor of the pathway, and of the whole work, will be of stalagmitic 'formation, to be in character with tbe rest of the work. As we descended the rocks began to wise on each side until they tower above our | heads, and the water began to ooze out from crevices in the rocks, or from beneath big boulders, and ran in a rill alongside the path or across it. We travel on and on, every turn -showing some new formation; and at last pass through an opening in the rock, having an arch overhead, and find ourselves in a grotto or cave, 'with any number of stalactites descending from the roof, each of which has its counterpart in the stalagmite beneath. In some places they are joined into a solid pillar; in others they have juBt met by a narrow thread; and, again, there are others which are just beginning to form, and are therefore widely separated. Aa there iB An opening to tbe air above, it is only natural that we should find ferns and such-like grow ing in auch a congenial place—and here they are in numbers. The whole nlace 3>eing damp from the continually dripping water which forma the stalactites, it is highly suitable for the growth of confervas, mosses, lichens, and the like, and already the stones begin to show a green hue through the presence •of these cryptogamic plants. When standing in this grotto it iB difficult to imagine that it is not -all natural, and I was foolish enough to ask Mr. Kobinette from whence he obtained the stalae tites, kc., and got for answer, " Out of my head, -with the aid of cemeut"—that is, he made them cf cement and other material. At present the igrotto is temporarily covered with an open lath woof; but it is probable that when completed -there will be a glasshouse over it. Although -there is ap^trently a vast quantity of water ^running, it is more apparent than real, for the •same stream that forms a rill above is made to do duty further down in a pool, and still further •as part of a cascade, and then helps to make a lake which overflows into a cistern, from whence it is pumped out, and helps to irrigate the lawns andgatden. In the summer time this grotto will 4>e a most charming retreat from the heat, where -we can ait upon natural-looking blocks of cool •atone, or upon the roots of trees which have -conveniently become bared just at the right spot for taking in the best views of tbe cascades and •pools, together with the beautiful plants and the lights and shades falling from the skies above, -which are made to appear more remote by the •umbrageous growth of the pepper-trees sur- | rounding the opening. It would require a very large Bpace in these columns to fully describe all -tbe beauties of these two artistic works, which, -although entirely the result of art, are in s'trict accord with Nature, so far as appearance is con cerned. Of course the heating apparatus, which -is not seen in the fern-house unless searched for, •and tbe plants from all parts of tbe world, would -not be found in Nature, but still the uninformed -would not think of criticising tbe accessaries in -this manner. The rockwork, stalactites, kc., look perfectly natural. Leaving this charming spot somewhat re luctantly, we proceeded to Moutefiore House, -the property of HiB Honor the Chief Justice, -who kindly permits his head gardener (Mr. J. H. Mohan) to admit a visitor to the garden occasionally. Here we were permitted to examine another piece of Mr. Bobinette's handi work, in the shape of a fern grotto. This, although upon the same principle as tho grotto at the Hon. G. O. Hawker's, is quite different in form. It is covered in with a lath shade house of a very neat construction, designed and erected by the late Mr. John Saxbv, of Puls ford & Co.'s, and has a most ingenious con trivance tor preventing the drip which is so in jurious to some plants. Inside the house there are a^ cumber of tree ferns, with fronds several feet in length, besides nn immense number of rare and valuable ferns and plants from every part of the earth's surface, together with a good collection from caves and other places beneath it. Tbe grotto is entered by a sinuous and descending pathway, bounded by " beetling cliffs and hoary crags," down which torrents fall and cataracts roar—in miniature. The walls are becoming covered with all kinds of ferns, mosses, &c.;, from the spores which bsve been shed by the introdnoed plants. After descending a short distance we come to a plateau with a cascade falling from above into a natural-looking basin below. Here we stand for a time admiring the scenery around us; a cliff behind us, with the water descending in drips and drops, in rills, streams, and cascades; in front, the fern-clad heights, rising tier upon tier until the summit is reached—perhaps eight feet high! though in effect it appears that one ie_ standing on the floor of an amDhitheatre, with the everlasting hills surrounding him. (1 he fact is, when one gets into such a place as this be muBt give the reins to fapcy, and faucy will lead him a long way sometimes.) On the right hand, looking towards these " hills" is a rustic stairway with a handrail, leading up wards and over a rise, and when this is mounted we have again to descend by a rough pass until we come to a stalactitic grotto, within which is a silent pool, in which numerous little fishes disport themselves. These rocks are really Nature's work, ana were imported by Mr. E. B. Hey ne from caves in the celebrated Black Forest of Germany, which oDce was so thickly populated with gnomes, elves, fairies, spirits, imps, ghosts, fays, genii, phantoms, shades and other intan gible forms of the mystic world, that it was scarcely possible to stick a pin's point between them, and I suppose some of these must have become entangled in the rough interstices of the stalactitic formation built up here, which may account for the fairy-like appearance of the grotto. Turning my back to the cave there there is another beautiful piece of work, and on the tight hand there is a natural-looking brook flowing beside a hill. In its bed are lying the tound waterworn pebbles always found iu places, and by i^s brink are growing numerous plants which might naturally be found there. The light conies iu from above, and as the leaves of the plants and the fronds of the ferns are moved and swayed by the winds, so the lights and shades below Bhift from point to point, Now comes a glint of sunshine, lighting the falliug sprays of water, and infusing them with a thousand rainbow tints; then comes a shadow from a cloud or a branch making a sombre shale ; and so the light plays at hidc-and-seek amongst the nooks and recesses, until faucy begins to fill the place with fairy forms. If any proof were needed of the cooling and ameliorat ing influence of foliage upon climate it could easily be afforded by the results of observations made in this artificial grotto and fernery during this summer. Probably the total depth below the surface is under twelve feet, and there is a considerable area open to the air above, yet within the shadebouse there was a great dif ference between the temperature at the surface end at the floor of the grotto, where the heat indicated never exceeded 75° Fahr., and the diffeience between the wet and dry bulb was almost nominal. Sometimes the heat at the surface ran up to the nineties. This cool atmosphere may be accounted for by the fact that plants are continually giving out moisture in hot weather, and the rapid evaporation makes cold—the heat rising and the cold descending to the grotto, where it is retained. To those who are ill, and suffering from the heat of summer, such a*retreat as this would be an inestimable boon. If we turn again to the cave, we observe on the right hand a narrow, rough, upward path leading under an arched piece of rock, and by clambering up this we get upon the roof, as it were, of the cave, and from here we obtain a fine view of the greater part of the plants with which the place is furnished. The rockwork here is not quite finished, but there is a deal to look at and admire. The fern tribes are all lovely—from the graceful Adiantum gracillimum to the gigantic Tree Fern (Dick sonia antarctioa), the fronds of which in its full growth reach a length of 18 to 20 feet by three feet in width. Here the Dioksonias are the largest I have ever seen " in captivity," and as they are not planted in formal rows nor upon the same level, they look quite natural iu their posi tions, neither dwarfing nor detracting from the beauty of the other plants. ' A few rushes and grasses might perhaps add another touch to the completeness of the work, especially where the fish are in the pools, but thie is only a matter of taste, and here probably I am at fault. I cannot close my remarks upon this garden without offering a tribute of praise to the perfect manner in which every part of the gardening work is performed. The plants in the houses are kept as clean as is possible to be, the medium for exterminating scale, thrip, red spider, aphis, and every kind of pest being kerosine, applied by usiDg a wineglassful of keroBine with a gallon of soapsuds made with soft soap, the compound being kept in a state of mixture by continuous agitation whilst being used. The flower beds outside &re; positively crowded with flowers and foliage plants, and the lawns are as green as green can be. A11 this is kept up by unceasing attention, and therefore credit is due to all con cerned. 