The Advertiser. TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 1881. The subject of water supply has always been a vexed question with the city and its suburbs. Two years ago there was an ap- <*> prehension of a coming water famine at the tail end of the dry summer season, and this fear took poas f the hydraulic utliorities so strongly that the City Cor poration were compelled to moisten the dusty streets with the filth of the Torrens. Since then the impression existing at the time that the high-level reservoirs could not be trusted to be filled beyond a certain line has been proved to be unfounded, and we had it on departmental authority some time eince that with our present sources of supply Adelaide, with its increasisg population, need not be in dread of any water poverty for many years to come. This ghost being satisfac torily laid, up rises another shade to annoy us; but we are thankful to say that so far the new intruder has not attained very troublesome proportions. This fact, hew ever, only indicates the wisdom of dealing with the probable development of the evil at once. We allude to the complaints which are indistinctly bat generally being made of the impurity just now of the pre sent supply of water. The attention of tha heads of households will have sometimes been attracted both by the yellow discolora tion of the water, and by the offensive odor the fluid carries with it This may, of course, be occasionally due to local dirti | neEsof the pipes, but it may also arise especially in hot weather, wnen the evapo ration at the sources is greater than usual— from increased impurities, caused, so to speak, by the greater condensation of the | fluid, which when more diluted is not of aoobjectionableasavor. Oragainit might be caused by impurities imported from outside streams. This would be the most serious as pect the evil couldassume; though the second cause would be sufficiently operative to cause great alarm after a long continued drought—anything, however, but which has prevailed during this season. Be the cause what it may, there is no doubt that just now, though some householders make no complaints of the water supplied to the city others consider the water is not so pala table as it ought to be, and taking alarm at the outcry now being made in Melbourne at the existence of disgustingly impure water there, deem it to be wise to call attention to this fact. The case of Melbourne reached a most 6erious phase before so much public atten tion was aroused as to induce Government action to be taken upon the matter. A mild species of English cholera was pre vailing everywhere where the Tan Yean water was ucad, and a moat repulsive sedi ment of filth could be obtained from a email quantity of it left standing until it settled. Our case appears to be as honey to gall, compared to that of Melbourne, but that is no reason why we should let it pro ceed to any worse stage. A clear, or rather a dirty proof of the im purity of the water can be had by taking a small cupful of it after having boiled it, and then letting it stand until partially or quite cold. The sediment ordi narily found in even this small quantity will be quite sufficient to alarm a nervous man, or an individual who is ordinarily cautious enough to care something Cor knowing what he swallows. The common practice, too prevalent in small households, of having water suspended in canvas bags in order to obtain on tie hottest day a cool drink, fnwiialift^ B very simple, rough test of the impurity or purity of water. With some of the water now being supplied the greasy, slimy, sediment that will be precipitated at the bottom of a canvas bag in twenty-four or toity-eigkt hours is quite sufficient to induce appre hensions of the gravest character. Water is so generally consumed that the least disease-creative property it might possess would have the most wide- spread result Dysentery and enteric fever are amongst the most common effects produced upon persons by the use of bad water, and itisanoteworthy .act that at the present moment dysentery and diarrhoea are mere than usually preva lest amongst us. This fluctuation of the sanitary standard of the city may, of course, be due to many other in fluences, bat still after all whatever the probability, we cannot get rid of the possibility that it might be partially, or wholly, caused by the inferiority of the water supplied to the town. It must also be borne in mind that it is but recently that the Hydraulic Department have been carry ing out some changes in the scheme of city water supply, and the hydraulic au thorities suggest the existence of some con nection between these operations and the unsatisfactory condition of our water- The attention of the Central Board of Health has been called some two weeks back to tbe matter, but the action the board have taken has so far been wrapped in ob scurity. It is to be presumed that they hare referred the question to the hydraulic authorities, and it is to be hoped that the latter will at once enquire fully into it, and take such proceedings aa will speedily rec tify a condition of things of which the city has a just right to complain. Let us at any rate not emulate Melbourne in her dilatoriness in grappling with the eviL Notwithstanding that the evil there was patent to all eyes and no3es, long and continued complaints had to be made by every section of the community before any action was taken by the powers that be to abolish that nuieance. After a most lengthened period of flagrant indifference to the evil* the question was at length mooted in Parliament, but even then i& was so captiously and flippantly brought forward, and dealt with in so jocose a spirit that complaints fell short of due effect. Although its unfitnesH for drinking pur poses has for months been bo pronounced that we hear of chemists making fortunes by selling predicative powders, it was not ■. till nearly the end of February that tfo Government of Victoria saw fit to appmnt a board to enquire into the causes of the existence of these impurities. It was at first surmised that the undesirable ele ments were due to the growth of vegetable matter induced through the admission of turbid water in flood times from the Plenty River, but this ap parently ia not borne out by the report of the board, which has been Bent in and laid upon the table of the Victorian House of Assembly. The inlet sources are regarded as the originators of these impurities, and it is stated that the water at a depth of eighteen feet was found to be perfectly sweet The board recommend the Victorian Go vernment to build up the banks of the reservoir with bluestone spalls, but it ap pears that there is an alternative scheme which includes the purchase of the town chip of Whittlesea. The Government on the ground that the question resolve itself into one of money, have de layed still further acting upon the re - port of the board until the latter have vitited the site of the works an I recommended a definite scheme. When full details of the whole question are t9 hand we ought to peruse them with in terest and endeavor to profit by any light which they may ehed on the question of maintaining the purity of our water supply* But the hydraulic authorities should not fail to at once investigate our own works and to try to immediately abolish, or at all events to mitigate the ilk we are now com pelled to endure. It is satisfactory to notice thai Mr. Oswald Brown is not un concerned a oat the matter, and that he proposes the establishment of filters at the Hope Valley Reservoir. It is to be hoped that this precaution will be sufficient to stop the evil concerning which there have been many complaints and some amount of alarm. These recently was held at the London Mansien-House a meeting on Bread Reform, which promises to produce some useful fruit. To an extent of which the colonial born Australian has little conception, bread in one form ox other constitutes the staple of the average British workman's food, and therefore it is of importance that he should have it cheap, palatable, and whole some. While we in these regions indulge in meat almost at every meal, to the detri ment of oar digestive organs and the benefit of the medical faculty, there axe thousands in Great Britain to whom the taste of butcher's meat is a Sunday luxury, and many who are sot always able to get it even on one day in eeven. In the highlands of Scotland till within the last half century " braxy" mutton, which for the benefit o the uninitiated we may say is mutton which has not been killed, was the only occasional taste of fresh meat which the poor croftera had a chance of getting, and in the remoter districts even to this day a cheep found dead on the hills is a luxury and a god send to the young Celts, who grow into maturity under the stimulating diet of oat meal three times a day. In the agricul tural districts of England a bit of bacon is the principal relish of the farm laborer, and butcher's meat is a treat reserved for high days and holidays. In towns of course the working and lower classes fare better* bat when mutton costs 10 pound, and beef ranges from Is. to 1& 4&., it is clear that the* ordi nary working man whose children are numerous cannot earn sufficient to enable him to make butcher's meat the staple of his family meals. Thus the whole subject of food reform, both as to the materials used and the manner of preparation, so as to secure the maximum of variety, nutri tiousness, and toothsomeness in the most economical way, has attracted considerable attention, and " food literature " has as sumed goodly proportions. The people are told that they are unskilful and wasteful in the cooking of food, and that they are pre judiced and stereotyped in the choosing of it. It has been over and over again shown that so much meat-eating is neither necessary nor healthful, and that more nutritious and less extravagant living might be obtained by an ampler use of the large family of "legumes"— peas, beans, rice, lentels, along with nitro genous vegetables. But although " pulse" and its preparations have been noted as Tirmifitig "fair and fatter in flesh" from the days of Daniel and the Hebrew youths downwards, the bonds of custom and con venience are too strong to be readily broken by common sense and science, and bread is still the literal "staff of life" to a large majority of working Britons, though from its mode of preparation scientists tel us it is too often a broken reed on which to lean for needful stamina and support. Some meritedcondemaatioii and much un merited abuse has been heaped on bakers in general and London bakers in particular* They have been freely accuse i of systemati. cally giving light weight, and of using ingre dients to increase the weight and improve the appearance of the loaf at the expense of its sound and healthful qualities. In these days of cheap shams and substitute^ scarcely anything escapes contamination and sophistication at the hands of dishonest dealers, and flour has not been an excep tion ; but in most papulous places official restraint more or less effective has been placed upon such malpractices. Alum is still, however, largely used, whether be cause it improves the appearance of the bread, or hastens the baking, or increases the weight by retaining moisture, or eaves labor in the kneading of the dough, or. fog other reasons undivuiged. Sat as it is known that alum arrests fermentation in flour which has become unsound from dampness or heat, it is likely that it will have a similar effect on the ferments of saliva and gastric juice, and its presence in a loaf, however much it may improve its white ness, cannot therefore fail to be prejuidicaL The Bew society means to look after light weights and adulteration, but its principal object is to train the public mind to see that white bread is not necessarily the best bread, that an ordinary wheaten loaf has been robbed of much of its goodness before it appears on our tables, and that attractive ness to the eye has been secured by the sacrifice of about 40 per cent, of its nutritious properties. This was the gist of the argument at the conference recently held on the subject of bread reform under the presidency of the Lord Mayor of London. Miss Yates, the honorary secretary, and a member of the Ladies Sanitary Association, which naturally mnl appropriately takes the food question under its wing, defined the, object of tkt i?&etijig; to be to take steps " to introduce the use of bread which ehould contain the whole nutritive properties of the wheat, much of which is now destroyed by the processes of fermentation." This was represented as being peculiarly a question for women and the working classes, for while " the rich could afford to replace the loss of phosphates and flesh-forming substances by meal, milk, and eggs," the poor who subsisted princi pally on bread were compelled to use an article which was greatly deficient in these essentials to perfect nourishment. Such eminent, analytical and practical che mists as Professor Henslow, Professor Church, Dr. Bartlett, and others* have thrown their influence into the scales for the Bread Reform movement, and ad dressed the meeting, explaining the chemi cal qualities of grain, showing to what extent white flour was deficient in bone fonning and flesh-forming materials, and referring to the *• preparation known as cornflour" as an article from which *{ almost every nutritious quality was abstracted." It ', was stated that granular wheaten bread had been recently introduced which could be purchased in about 140 shops in London, where 15,000 loaves of it were already 6old weekly, and it was proposed to form a society to promote the sale of this bread, and to secure public confidence by appoint ing inspectors to test the quality Sold in all the society's shops. 'While, notwithstanding the auspices under which this meeting was held, the Bread Reform Society may be liable to the suspicion of using the public health as a stalking-horse for advancing the interests of a private company, there can be no doubt that the controversy which has been raised, not for the first time, is one of great importance. Each grain of wheat is known to be a microcosm of all the elements essential to the nourishment of the human body. In the centre there is a white I powdery substance which is principally starch; around this is a belt of a flesh-form ing nitrogenous substances, and the whole is enclosed in a bran covering which is specially bone-forming. We have here, then, "starch and fat for the pro duction of heat and force, gluten and soluble albumen for flesh, and phosphatic salts for bone and brain." United these make a perfect food, but it is complained that in the fine flour of commerce the most important of them are thrown away for the sake of appearance or prejudice, and the core ot starchy part alone used; co much so that the famous Liebig tells us that it has been proved that dogs fed solely on white bread died in the course of forty days, while their health did sot suffer at all when their food consisted of brown or of whole meal bread. But there is another matter to be con sidered. Food may be nutritious, and yet from its richness or some other cause may le indigestible, and on thia ground many medical authorities have condemned brown bread. It is said that the hard flinty particles of husk irritate the alimen tary canal and are passed through the organs of digestion too rapidly for nourishment. The late Dr. Smith regarded brown bread as " only useful to those who are well fed and need a laxative," and told a select committee of the House of Com mons that the general prejudice which pre vails among working people is favor of white bread was to that extent well founded, and that" brown bread was the rich man's and not the poor man's diet." To the same effect Dr. Pavey writes in Ids work on "Food and Dietetics," and Earnest Hart advocates similar views in some articles in the natatory Beview. All these authorities, however, agree in saying that if the eilicated husks could be so ground as to avoid this internal irritation, the result of using the whole of the wheat would be a vast increase of its nourishing power. Whole meal ia richer in nitrogen than fine flour, and as Professor Liebig has pointed out it contains 60 per cent, more of phosphatic salts than meat, and 200 per cent, more than white bread; indeed, this great authority used to assert that by substituting whole meal for fine flour bread many millions more men could be fed daily in Germany. The Bread Reform Society speak of a patented process by Dr. Morphit, which by grinding the wheat in suitable steel mills," delivers the meal in finely granulated form, and thus avoids the production of those sharp edges with which users of brown bread are tolerably familiar;' 1 but without lean ing to any particular plan surely it is no great problem for science and mechanical sinll to discover means by which this defect can be remedied. We can get food for cattle and fibrine biscuits for dogs, and poultry food, and food for all sorts of domestic animals, whose distinction is that it combines all the elements essential for health, and it is hard if inventors can not discover analogous means to get all the benefits of the wheat for human beings. The thorough utilisation of food is a public duty, no matter how abundant it may be; and* in this as in other directions the old proverb applies, that " wilful waste makes wof ul want." The B.M.S. Bokhara arrived at Glenelg abont 4 o'clock on Monday morning, and having landed mails and passengers proceeded oa her voyage about 10 o'clock. Bishop Thornton, of Ballarat, who is on his way ovarland from Victoria, will arrive in Adelaide this evening and will be a guest at Bishi pa Court. He frill stay about a week. The manager of the New Royal Crown Miniug Company. Heathcote, Victoria, reports as follows:—Shall start to eat plat and drive (or reef some time this week. Machinery and pumps working well, The monthly meeting of the Forest Board VM to hove been held on Monday morning, March 1, but there being no quorum the meet ing did not take place. The Hon. B. T. Fianis and Mr. Oeo. McEwio, J.P., were the only mem bers present. The following notice was posted in the General Post-Office on Monday morning:— "Unoccupied buildings in Hitchell-Btxeet, Falmerston, known as the Soyal Hotel, were burnt to the ground at 4 o'clock thia morning." Three tenders hare been received for the mail service betwcx the Northern Territory sad Fort Adelaide. These tenders are now being scheduled, and each one provide* for more mails at a less cost than under the eristic-* arrangement. ** The Mayor of Kapunda (Mr. R. Cameron) informs as that the amount to the credit of the McCarthy fund fe £878 14s. 8&, and there are several sum* yet to come in. She amount col lected is to be presented to Mr. McOartbv on Thursday rntsi. * We have been informed (hat the Sydney and County Bank was declared formed oa March 8, up to which date applications for ova 5,000 abates had been received from Melbourne atone. Several parcels of shares have been applied for in Adelaide. The following telegram has been received by the Treasurer from the Ageat-Geceral in London:—"lndia wrecked off Oape. All pas sengers saved. Cargo will be a total loss." Tha | India fcttKoglsjjatiatbe 16th Ptwabar la«t. and had. we believe, a quantity of nutan* material on board Cor the Bomb AndJi^ Government. The Hydraulic Engineer's Answers to the questions which were submitted to trim ia reference to the dam were read at the met ing of the Oity Council on Monday. Hie *jfl not conriderit necessary to remove the whale «C the concrete work already done, and he «i«iafrt Mr. Chamfer's plan, if properly carried «fi? would be quite sufficient. Meetings to consider the representation of the district* of Tatala and Bnrra in tfaa ensuing Parliament are to be held at Salisb?rs/ and Cattowie this evening. A meeting is alas to be held at the Kapunda Institute thiseim ing, when tbe question of the UegtOdawa Council elections is to be taken into con sideration. The City Council, meeting as a committee of the whole last week, passed a vote of thaaka to Mr. Harry, the late clerk of works atCbs dam, for the information he had given. Whoa the report of tbe committee came before lha council on Monday thia resolution vu a?afea to, and it was resolved that it should be refected to tbe public works committee with a view«fa full enquiry being held into the dam ""^frr The inaugural services of the Methodist Lay Ohurch were held in Bowery HaU, fhrtc street, Port Adelaide, on Sunday, March ?, wfaest two sermons were preached to good and alien tive congregations; in the morning by fcac BoUen.and in the evening by Mr, John Otto way. The musical portion of the serried was under the direction of Mr. M. Morgan, who foe. sided ft the harmonium. The following tenders for Government works were opened on Monday morains;— Engtneer-in-Ghtefs Department—2,ooo xaaaav sleepers, four, BunburyJarrah Company. Axoki tectrio-Qhicffl Department-Beaonp^rtjaaiwt station, five, Gcss anu jjamuetn j *.\\-**&99BOk school, five, T. Baraett; psinting, ice, m™"?"* post-office, five, EL Bule; fencing *raif-f* school, five, H. Bpringbent; Yahl fiajkissk school residence, two, Oarloff and w«*?w. Loco. Department—loo goods waggons, towaat not declared. A. sad accident occurred at Walkenffla on Monday morning, March 1, by whieha josobz man named John Whittle, aged swenn4*n, lost his life. It appears that the deceased wan working in the bottom of a clay pit belannmrta) Mr. Nethway, bookmaker, of Fuller-abee*. Walkerville, when a large quantity of earth fell apoo him, completely burying him. Bs was rescued as soon as possible, bat on being brought to the surface it was found that Efe was extinct. The city coroner has been com municated with, and will hold an inquestto-cW at the Dover Castle Inn, North Adelaide. Mr. Samuel Speed was admitted to tin Adelaide Hospital, on Monday afternoon, Match 7, Buffering from a crashed foot. Speed, whale a painter, employed by the Glenelg fidm Company, was walking along a Irop- Uneintte station yard, when tbe engine which had fast returned from the Bay came on the line, aasl although, the driver called out to Speed be ap peared to take so notice till ft was too sate. Tbe buffer flange caught him by the -h""fiPpr a&d; threw him on the line, and the coxcatjehac struck bis foot and crushed it severely. Xaa injured man was at once taken to the hmjiW. where later in the afternoon flu right foot was amputated. The citizens of Adelaide ate now in a fair way to obtain the appointment ef aVhir men. On Monday Councillor Buifc moves that His Excellency should be asked to make the declaration necessary to enable the ajiysisfl ment of six aldermen. He alluded tottaeans apprehension which had existed as to tba ohararfcer of aMfarara, and jmiri ho. h*rf y^ 4miUk their appointment would prove of great ad vantage. Councillor Holland and several oAbsc councillors thought three or four aldemem would be sufficient, and no doubt four wad! have been the number derided upon, but it was explainri that the number oace fixed could not be altered, and the motion was carried. Some of the members of the City Council being convinced that it wag necessary to agpaiat an engineer to ouperinte?d the carrying cat «C tbe works at the dam, a motion was iawntM, forward on Monday that Mr. O. Ohamier, fK^ Bbould be appointed to see the work progeny carried oat. ConnoQlor F'^a^tJtg? *'"iwH opposed the motion and protested against the proceeding, stating that if the work ware canal out «n Mr. Ohamier's plan it would fcom • ** botch and a muddle." tChe motion waseaxned, and subsequently it was decided that anaetaaK of the council should be held this afternoon to consider how the work should be proceedcC with. In connection with the district mpguiiga of the Primitive Methodist denominatm largely-attended tea and public mutiny wen held in the church, Morphett-stzeet, on ""nih\r evening, March 7. At the latter gathering the Rev. J. S. Wayland presided, and in a brief ad dress referred thankfully to the ™«—~— «fj success which had attended the efforts put forth in the past, and looked forward with hope to what would be dooe in the future, fl rlifunsmi i of aa interesting character were also given to the Beys. 8. Wellington, J. H. Williams, aadK. Masteraun, and Mr. G. Sobinson, all cf fits speakers urging upon their auditors the asseo aity of manifesting an increased interest in the wotk of the church. By the Bokhara'^ mail die Htm. JL Hodgkis? reoeived a letter, dated January SB, (cam his former partner in this eolaay. Me Farmer, who now residesat Highbury Near ftes; London, containing come particulars rssjiee&BK; the trem?ndona fail of mow nf ?hirfi to -mnntifflfc appears in our London oorrespondeafa tetter. dated January Si. Mr. Sarmer atatea Chat sas walked from FinaboryFiark Btalum tofussnai thro?gh anow two feet deep; but one cf ftsj neighbors was mote unfortunate, for **w sbsms had drifted against his house till it mushed to the fanlight of the front door. It wasa aerma question how he was to effect an entrance isto his dwelling, but his wife threw bimaf?ekaad shovel from a first-floor window, and by dint af bard ?bor he out his way in. The half- yearly meeting of the sbara holders in the Soutn Australian Goal Qampaas' was held at White's Arbitration .Boom, oaMoa day, March 7, and was fairly attended. Me A. Sidney Clark, chairman of the bosxi cf directors, occupied the chair. Za moving tjast the report and balance-sheet be adopted!. Hag chairman exprened tbe regret of the baaid that the half-year onder review had not beea so pa> fitable as previous half-years, but stated tihakifc was better than the directors had anticipated, taking intoaceount a considerable fallintbefKaca of coal, and the great increase of cotnpe&sna.; After payment ef a dividend at the rate at 10 per cent, per annum, a balance would he csrriei to the credit of profit and loss. The regretted they could not xeoommend the p*r mentofa?onaSfbutcoalwasnowrisingagais^siasl tie (the chairman) considered the cuneat baK year was likely to show a better return. Masses. F. Wright and O. Fair were appointed to mga the minutes of tbe present meeting. It appears that since Mr. W. D. Claxha has retired from tho Oity Council be tes«cca sienally visited his late confrere* in the ease oillors'room at the Town HalL Astnensott«t: this a letter was reoeived from Mr. 8. Bapbaet at the Oity Council meeting on Monday, is which the writer asked the council to£ta«Jtto him and other ex-ooonoillen similar priiflajjrm to those allowed to Mr. W. D. Olaxton^ supplying him and others with keys, so fiiat abey might freely use every day the room art awl and marked «• private" for the sole 05 «J a. cooncUlow and their iamii. and that Our might ateo «enjoy the comfort of t^fS. easy and cushioned chairs and couches.*' Bb stated that he and other gentlemen on tawinc the council had given op their keys. The letter ; wagsimriy received, it being remarked Oat Mr. Cl&xtonoAd; been in the room onoe or twJDB, bolt that he would only need a hint to the effect that his visits were the subject of remark to isdon him te stay away. A. rather peculiar, though. fortngatesy not very serious accident occurred to Mr. C. \ Brehmer, butcher, of Port Augusta, on Wednes day, March 2. Mr. Brehmer, writes the ascd paper, was passing under the balcony of Goo wayV Western Hotel, when a little child «f tin huidlord'e, who was playing on the balcony, dropped a seltzerwater bottle through the nil ings. The unwelcome missile struck sWfffnfr mer on the head and was broken inafcmadred small pieces. Mr. Brehmer was f ellei to tte ground, and lay in an insensible condition far some time. Bystanders were of the opinion that be was the subject ot an attack ef apoplexy. until some one said that he had been struck fey a\ bottle. Enquiries were instituted, and the inno cent cause of the accident (a little child of two summers) discovered. She said, "It fell dowa, dada." Mr. Brehmer, under careful attention, speedily recovered consciousness and oeaneA none the worse for the accident. It was into nate that the result was not more souiwa. aa the bottle weighed 2 lbs. and fell a disbaaos «t about 15 feet. The Commissioner of Crown Lands lot* received through the Agent-Genees! am ist* teresting communication from Mr. Hbbsw Taylor, the lata emigration agent for tta* colo?y. Our readers are aware that McXajisc i^ now en his way to the colonies, haviqgtafeaw Lia pamge ia (he •teftmsbip Orient, wbjtk sailed from England on FeSruwy «. In bi? totter he refers to the fat that from 1875 to 1870 oat of 600,216 persons of British birth emigrat ing no lew than 38*191 went to the American States and Canada, end 174£ M only went to the Anstnlias including Mew Zealand. Mr. Taylor thinks thii far ban satisfactory, and with* tUw of making kam «^ recourses •«*• Australian colonies he suggests that enexhibi tion ef our products should he held in the Urge centres ef nnnnUt'T-, the mmrket towns and s?XJuJ-T*Siid, while the tfMdlha. •ehievMnUght be added to by meant of leetorei and ths distribution of pamphlets. He suggests the* the four eotoniee should undertake this ■attar, and estimates that if this were done it would not cost each colony more than £888 per annum. Mr. Taylor has sent similar letters to the Governments of Victoria, New Boath Wclx, and Queensland. An alarm of fire mi raised at Port Augusta on Monday, Febnary 88, and a large ■bed at the rear of the new Wharf Hotel, which was being used by the carpenter* engaged on the new building, was discovered to be in dames A number of willing hands, says the Diipatck, wen speedily on the scene, and rendered every assistance in extinguishing the fire. Mr. E. Bear tamed en the fall twee of the main, and gare other ralueble help. As soon as Mr. Arnold, foreman of the local brigade, was ma to acquainted with the feet that a fire was ragtag en West Bide, he immediately proceeded to the spot, aocompuued by Fireman MoOoUoug i. It was found advisable to use the hose, which was at owe brought into requisition Mr. HuUett, superintendent of water work*, ordered the full pressure of water to be tamed on, and as a result «f the efforta of the men, who nested valuable aid from several of the resi dents, the fire was aooa extinguished. Had the wind changed to the southward, an adjoining cottage-end probably the new hotel—would ,~4um ben burned. Messrs. Gooah and Hay ward's store, next the Wharf Hotel, would also have sustained damage. The building was in rand in the London and Lancashire Fire Insur ance Oompany. The earpenten wan the greatest Users. One of the men lost a watch valued at £4 and about £40 worth of tools, and two ethers tools to the value of 615 and £5 re spectively. The members of the fin brigade deserve praise for their prompt and immediate action. Respecting the English copper market Urn Mining J«uwd* January U seyi - " Then U not much change to be reported in the state of this market; owing to speculators having almost entirely concentrated their atten tion on other metals, and on aaoount of legiti mate business being chiefly ef a hand-to mouth eharaeter. The demand assumes a qutetaspsct. while sellers have manifested sympsom< of ease in their quotations, although no material reduc tion has been effected, OhiU bars being the only description whkh has needed in value. For Che trade at Urge a steady market, as has been ezperienoed in this metal for some months pre vioudy, is undoubtedly the best, bat for holders generally it U not a metterof so great satisfac tion; in fact it causes not a little anxiety amongst those who have a Urge amount of in terest at stake, for having bought already at prices comewhat about ruling rates, they an not only unable to turn out their holdings at a profit, but by the maintenance of the market they are also plued in a position which prevent* them from averaging their purchases, and by tiie extra pmwun of sales which Invariably takes place upon each rise, be it only to the extent of 6s. or 10s. per ton, It is plain that holders an becoming man and more tired of their burden, while it may reasonably be ex pected that should a rise of £3 or £3 oooar In the value of this metal present holders would not fail to freely avail themselves of the im proved rates. As we havo before shown it is not the supply from Chili which so depresses the marker, bat it is the overwhelming quantities wfaieh are invariably being imported from Spain. According to the bi-monthly returns of Ohili p educe the stocks in first and oaeond hands in Lverpool and Swansea on the 14th instant had b en reduced to 81.477 tons, against 12,042 tons on the gist ultimo, or a decrease of 488 tons, ahe imparts during the first fortnight of the month were 688 toss, against 454 tons for the came time last year, and the deliveries for the ci Responding periods wen 1,053 tons, against MS? tons. The total imports of Obili produce last year wen 92,130 tons, against 97 JM tons in 1870, and the deliveries wen 03,659 tone, against 6&J4S; tons." We make the following extract from Messrs. W. Westgarth * Oo.'s circular, dated London, January 14, with reference to colonial securittes:-« During die four weeks sinoe our preceding issue of 19th ultimo there has been considerable fluctuation in the value of the Colonial Government securities, and Urge amounts have •hanged hands at varieties of price, which in the same stocks have been as much m 8 per owi-a very unusual extreme of change in so short a time with this compara tively steady daw of stocks. The bank rate was yesterday advanced from 8 to Si par oeut.; bat even this Utter rate indicates very inade quately tbs higher rates, asked and freely pmid, for loans on even the best Colonial Securities during the two ntoek Exchange 'Accounts' for this month; 6 to H per cent, have been freely paid upon OolonUl Government and Municipal Security retpectively. The changes la price have occurred chiefly in the newer colonial issues. In spite of the usual rise in money towards the end of the year, the prices in most cases became firm aa the year dosed, and during the first week of this month in particular there was a marked advance, extending ehieoy to inoatoftb^KowZeal?iriissaasTandtothelper cents, of New Booth Wales, South A'Hrufi^ QuoeDslaai,sndl?tmaiiia,attdthe4and4}per cents, of Victoria. In the fiat week was out, however, the market had tuned, in consequence «f some unexpectedly increased pressure for money, together with a oompan*M* weak peettien oTtbe?ank of England. The result has been during the last few days a sharp fall in tbew leading stocks. The New South Wales 4 per cents, have lost fully 1 per cent, the Vic feia 4 anJ4ineresnto.il to 2 per cent each, Queensland and South Australian c per cents. 14 par cent. each, and the Mew Zealand 4 per cents, and the 6 per cant*, of 1889 1£ per cent. each. To-day, however, the market is again rather firm upon the prospect of steadier money. Course of the Market.—Sew South Wales-The files an fractionally * percent, higher, but the fours show a decline of {per cent. Victoria—The four per cents, an 1 per cent. lower, and the fives nod four-and«-halfs •ash 1 per cent. loner. South Australia—Prices nnMtin unchanged. Queensland—The fours are fractionally J per cent. lower, and the sixes $ C cent, lower. Tasmania—The dealings have i bat email, and quotations are nnattanJ. Vow Zealand—The 1914 fives axe 1 par cent, better.and 1888 fives end inscribed fours | per «ent. bettor. The 6/80 fonr-and-a halves also ahow an improvement ef 3J, but the 6 per cent, consolidated loin baa dropped J. Banks—A lise of 41 10s. in London Chartered of Au> teal*; of £1 in Oriental; of 10s. in English, Scottish, Australian Chartered, and Queensland National; and of Bs. m National of New Zaa land;bU? Mew South Wales an £1 lower, and South AnsttaUsaod Union of Australia each 10s. lower." The animal session of the Independent Order of Good Templars. South Australian Grand Lodge (B.W.GX.of the World), will be oommenaed to-day. " Ou?" ]res repeated at the Theatre lloial on Monday evening to an excellent house. The performance passed off smoothly and ap- JSJn^tobcTWnSn^d^but it would to inUnprovemcnt if the intervals wen somewhat ahortened, although from the elaborate cha racter of each scene they must necessarily be longer than usual. The acting of 100010081883 even into eaoallanea tot it is nrtensy to singteoutwiycftlieperformeatejaMtto?lar nraue: bus Sir. Vincent as Prince Betrovoky, ffrVTitharaage acHngh ChaUot, Mrs. Gordon as?Unche Bayo,and Mus BUnche Stammers as Mary Nefler. abould perhaps be specUUy mentioned, while at the same time credit may he freely given to Mrs. Btemmen and Mr. B?in forf^.&ev;*^.Mr.l^sr^i^htr.Oate. lottht anoMMful manner in which they ell sustain their paria, "Oats" is a charming comedy, and Ite representation by the London Comedy Company leaves very little to be desired. The two operettas, "The Usurers"and " Forty Winks • wen presented at the Academy of Musis for the Ust time on Monday evening. She attendance during the day was somewhat larger than usual, probably owing to the attrao aionof the two recent additions to the waxworks collection—the llfe-sbc figures of the present nomlMof England (the Bight Hod/wVe. Gladstone) and the Home Rule leader and Irish agitator (Mr. rameU). In the evening there wasa fair attendance, and the pertoiniaiwes Uisougbout wan well received_and lenty applauded. To-night n «nplmientarrconcert ■orthe benefit ef the leesee of **•??£("*• Koblet), tendered by Mr. George Eobartsoo, assisted by Mveml other wolUaown and ttieprogrsinniete be pnsiiejteil Mr.Kohlcr'i oflortsTtomake the Academy of Music a populai gesort, and a place of amusement worthy of th< natronage of the public, deserve some cud and it is to be hoped Oat then urlU be abw?pcrbMcsonthcooossionof hi encfit. 