OUR PARIS LETTER. (ERlM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) i'ari.?, November 3. The Chamber of Deputies having verified the election of two-thirds of its members, the House lias consequently been declared legally constituted, an-.l s? fit nnd proper for the despitch of business. lire contc.ilea elections are few, and ot no serum? ot- practical impirtanee. Tire protest is chiefly maintained to annoy the successful eaudidMe, and i? kept up till the hist moment, when tho petition committee declares there exists no proofs for quashing tho election. The protests, besides, cost nothing. It was in this sense lite Radi cals endeavoured to nnnoy Gambettn. After pouring out sonto more venom upon him, they withdrew tha opposition, la tlio opening of this Chamber afier tho general elections, tire re were no incidents, str.ingo to say, worthy of being recorded. Tire ancient deputies dropped into their old places, and tho new took possession like the sheep of Tanurge. The Republican? have so increased in numbers that many of them no-.v have to be nceommo.latcd among tho Alonarchiits, Bishop Leppel has for comrade nn AbbJ, and these repre sentative? of tire Church have in front of them n pastor of the Ualvinist persuasion, who will theo logically and politically say no lo their doxy. Indeed it may Ire observed that nothing so much resembles au old House of Representatives as a ue-.v one. Gambctta has played his cards well. Ife insisted on being elected provisional president ot tlio Chamber, thus Ire was aide to show by the majority of vole? ho scored that lie was still the first man iu France, represented Hie nation, ami was lieiicc a? it were imposed on M. Grevy to select as l'rinic Minister. "Thus G.itniretu avoid? the ordinary course of being seut for. Another significant fact was the complete collapse of the Radicals. During the vacation they kept np a hurly- burly, recalling a runaway dog with n tin kettle attached to its tail ; once in the House they wore a? gentle as sticking doves. On their first indulgence in their usu il rifle prac tice, lliat of vituperation, the entire House coughed them down ; this had inure effect than at first could be imagined. Hot n few deputies, who had decided to march through tire country with Louis l!la:re and Clemeiiceaii, whose programme i.? nil or nothing, coupled with a mortal jetlou-y of Gambctta, ut on-.:-.: slie.ire 1 round to the At i 're. aire l It is n cut and dry aiTungcmi-nl, lire G.milre.Uo Cibiiu.-t. i'.is aiMo.-rioii to office will, like charily, over it nmltitii l-i of -.i-i? „f the Ferry Ministry, Tue me = : and mul It: of Tiinid i is rapidly fating into ancient history ; the dead has buried it? =i- a 1. Tire soldier.-: are belter off now. and Lire Tunisian? have vanished on tire approach of Hie French, or deinandel pardon, the better to re-forin, if eirenin- si.utee.? favour that strategy, a year or a century heiree. Ill fact, Tunisia mast bo occupied and pasta paahed iu advance. There is lire ghost oi' a greater interest being displayed in the Commercial Treaty negotiations now that Gambettn is about taking lire lielm. Tire Prince ot Wale?, Sir Charles Dilke, and GanOretta are reported to have settled Die whole matter in an .after diqner oiiat, but that tho glorious uncertainty will be maintained till thq new Minister bo definitely constituted. The accession ot M. Tissat to the Foreign Oiliee is nn excellent nomination, lie is about 53 years of age, nnd has been 30 summers iu tire diplomatic service. He is llic ugliest, yet one of the most agreeable, men iit Franco ; is a charming =vi itseur, promises everything, but accord,! nothing ; lie impresses yen with the idea that lie is devoted to yon lioart and soul, but Ire is as false as n flirt ) lie lias promised qbont 100J persons that, if nominated Minister of Foreign Aff firs, they will lie :.!1 provided for — na sueff thing ; tboy will Ire all furgotton, for in this souse ire has independence of heart. He has llio pen of a ready writer, wiiie't can Ire a-re 1 with a Swiss zeal on any side of diplangatio cor- ic-qjimuuuee, as ore ti-jsp iieues prove, I to la auis- tinguished nrchanlogibt, ffia writings being in this " ology " so prr.fonqd that only tho Pickwickian elect understand them— a position, like every mys tery, whioh enhances his reputation. Hoi? more de voted to Oambetla than to the ladies ; lie capti vates Hie hearts of Hie latter at will, but noire can catch liim ; he lliits better than his secretaries. Iju p.osiosses auoLlrer m irked qu.iliffr.itbei. Ho can have an attack of gout. rhar,tr,Yiism, enlarged liver, tlio grave!, G-v, cm tlio receipt ot a ciphered telegram, and lie allows his sufferings to ire wit nessed in n sulphur or an electric bath. The i\ec.e?- slty for tlic inaladyjiassod, hu tlwoy.'.l away tire cruiehcs as quickly as i= tope Sixtus. AVh.it n marked contrast between Tissat and Hie poor inno- ceqt. lUluirc, whose chief error was that of try-, lug to be honest and truthful — tlio gteateut draw- biek to a successful diplomatist. Tlio new \\\'ur Ajmistcr will Ire At. do Freyolnel, I.e.: ig too wcil-kuovvit to need observation. He be comes, for the second time, Oaiub.ilia'a Minister of War. The future President iff tho Chamber will he A, Homi Uri::-:QH, naturally marked for that p ist, lie is, aitor Uambella, the mo.-.t notable man ui the day. He is about -15 years of age, or foe,c more than Gainbctta : lie made liis way rqlbor by bis own resource.? than by iipV.'v.lisd.'iit means. When a student, he never- a??;ierite t with the foibles of hi? caroradon, but studied the French IDvolutian, Rousseau, and philosophy. When called to the bar in 1859, lie lost his voice from n heavy cold, and for seven years lived by journal- ism, along with GaniboHa and his school, in 183.7, lie published it journal devoted to the philosphy of independent morality. Ilis doctrines were denounced by Father IiyaoinHre Loyson, then u Capuciu, at Notre Dame ; Iirisson predicted that Loysc.n'a I'.oo.triiie would ultimately compel that divine to reeedu from the G.itholic Clnircb.-reii event that ensued ; and M. Bris.-um, li'go n gillant warrior, after convening or conquering tire priest, occasionally ntietyls new church us an intev- niitleet |Yi.'.?lii )iiei-. M. lirissoii was tire first to nrooiio tho nmtiedv of the Uimimuutr.lr. mid thai, too, when Paris w.v< a'.ii.iat smoking iu tiie ruin? tin in-ipg.-.nt-i had nr.de j and lire amnestied retain Ih.at benevolence by vituperating i.ii.'i ii in Gimih. tta, only they have, in.', yet con demned liim to death. It w.i". Iirisson ii1-m who indited on bringing Atae.U.riion's eo up-iTrl-il. Cabinet to trial, ll i? Ire who iil?» instated on Hie decree? for lire expulsion rff tire J card Is being np-' plied; and ilis pivjret is uooapted in principle-— that for secularising ail Hie properly eff lire religious orders in France, lie i? lire 'niy leading Republican that is opposed lo divorce— that which has caused liim to' Ire accused of holding Monarchical ideas. By doctrine he i? a Girondist ; in rneur.:i n DniiiuiiitL ; and in action he displays al l the coolness and parsevcranoe of a Jacobin, linku 1 to tire BcnHmentalisrii of Jean Jaeqiic.? Bouaseivu. He has a dash of the Puritan in liis grave r.ir, and lias tills advantage over G.imlretln, that of never losing his temper. Hu livcvi'gn the fifth story cf a very unprepossessing house, in a kind of respect able blind, a'.by ; lire tenant over head is the man Woo BiicicH up liis electoral addresses. The value of his furniture is set down nl720 fr. ; be reads old ireok? only, tempered with Parliamentary pup.or.?. Contemporary history has no jokes of lite to record; for him life lias not enough ct tiiire for serious affairs. It will \,iiii heavy heart he will quit his :U',ie '.or Hie ulliei.il Palais Bouillon. Onu matter is deterioi-atine under Hie llenubVi;: - that of caricature, which uppers to b,. replaced by illustrated obscenity. Tire skits are invariably limited to repres iiliiv; ca'rebrUics with a long nose or an nsseoiri bead, with open mouth, and pro- trilling nniier lip, Gill occa=ionally throw originality into a sketch of till moment, till a desiro to become hastily rich ilu.ated his power.?, and finally landed him where ho i.i, in a public lunatic asylum. Marie IlcuilKi, n miPinor, Was sedueud by a young and haml-:onis cook. In time she and her baby were east aside. Hire invested li.ev Inst few fra:ic3 in n revolver, surprised the J:.1m one among hi.? ste.vp.l?, fired, am', badly wounded liim. "Served right" wan lire verdjot of tire gallant jury, qui', .Marie vvu? acquitted. eVt Belley, in the A in, Ostier and Ire brute were neighbours and friends. A quarrel' ctisuud, and to evict tlio lnHer, Ostier made a li.tron Trcuck luiuo into Ballade's cellar, laid down a pipe chcrged with gunpovyder and tlynamilo ; it was a e.is-i of miss-ffro, save for Oslier, who lias Ireon eomleR'.neitlo 10, yeari' trans portation. The Frrvrch police have ina-it: a great capture ; Grey airesied lire suspicious Londoners that iiiuis'cd on hanging about tiie i.vovemeiits of the 1'iinee of Wales, and ocsziniomdly lounging in a tap-room near tho lodging? of seine of tiie exiled Land Leaguers, iGen werii liberated in the nyji'riii(g on proving Lacy wove only following their natural calling, that r.f dclcclivcs, The I' to ilrs Moots has been celebrated with every external marl: of afiVff.ionate regret and pious decorum. Tiie cemeteries were we'd dressed, nml the fine weather induced cr.-'.vd? of vEitors. Thonged who e innot go to n graveyard lo prav, manage to a end the nearest elitircli, and indulge tn an J: memneitun. There, was a marked diminu tion in free-thinking symbols. 'Tire insurance o-mipmies aro in their anxious months, which eomuieuoo and end with Hie season for sweeping ohiumeys. It appears, if your house or apartment takes lire, Hie policy of ins'.'.raire; nan he disputed, if the tenant c.iuno'j produce a clean bill ol' health for hi .? eb'.l'.'.i.crH. 