GOSSIP OF THE DAY. (c0iiteiduti0n3 and selscttons.) The Daily Telegraph remarks that in the Legislative Assembly Mr. Fitzpatrick on Wed nesday evening charged some hon. members with voting for the Chinese Bill, hoping that it would be thrown out, and subsequently he charged the Premier with purposely making the bill so stringent that the Upper House would throw it out, and he then would have a favourable opportunity of renewing his attack upon that Chamber. Mr. Fitzpatrick believed that many members voted for the measure because they wished to be on the stronger side, and to curry I favour with the working men. Sir Henry j Parkes, in noticing Mr. Fitzpatrick's observa tions, vindicated the Government from any charge of improper motives, and charged the hon. member for Yass with nearly always speaking offensively. The imputation that the Government, while doing all they can to have the measure passed into law, are really desirous of having it thrown out, is one of those absurd notions that get into the heads of crotchetty, pragmatical people, but which, as a rule, are only laughed at. One cannot help thinking that party feeling has something to do with these charges. Suppose Mr. Fitzpatrick to be Premier of this Government, he would be doing just the same as Sir Henry Parkes is doing, acquiescing in the necessity for the passing of a measure to restrict the influx of Chinese, and endeavouring to pass such a mea sure in Parliament. We are disposed to think that, like Sir Henry Parkes, he would use as one of the strongest reasons for his doing so the popular demand for such a measure ; and he would rejoice in being the means of carry ing out the popular will. We shall not pursue the hvDOthesis further, and speculate on the probability that Sir Henry Parkes, in Opposi tion, would take strong exception to some of the more stringent clauses ; but we do not think he would go the length of charging the Government with a desire to sec the measure thrown out in the Upper House. An action for libel, damages 1000, was brought in the Supreme Court, Sydney, last Thursday, by the Very Rev. Dr. Bermingham, of Wagga, against the proprietors of the Even ing News. The defendants apologised, and i expressed regret that the article complained of had appeared. By consent a verdict was entered for the plaintiff for 250 damages and 250 for costs. The revised New Testament is at the pre sent moment a matter of keen interest almost throughout the civilised world. The following are a few illustrations of the differences between the old version and the new : — OLD VERSION. Matthow 111., 15 : And Jeans answering said nnto him : Suffer it to be so now; for thu3 it be come thus to fulfil all righteous noss. Then he suffered hitn. Matthew vi., 9-13: After this manner, therefore pray yo : Onr Father which art in heaven , hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, Thy will bo done on earth, as it is in heaven. _ .. Givo us this day our dally broad. And forgive us onr debts as wo forgive onr debtors. And lead us not into tempta tion, but delWcr us from evil. For thine is tho kingdom, and tho power, and tho glory» for ever, . Amen. " Matthow vi.', 25: Take no thought for your life. Matthew xi., 10 : Tho son of man came eating and drinking. And they say, Behold a man gluttonous and a wino bibber, a friend of publicans and sinners. But wisdom is justified of her children. Matthewxxiii.,14: Woeunto you. Scribes and Pharisees, hy pocrites ! for ye dovour widows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayer: therefore ye shall receive tho greater damnation. Mark lx., 44-40: "Where their worm dicta not, and tho fire is not quenched. And it thy foot offend thee, cut it off; it is better for thee j to enter halt into lifo than I having two feet to bo cast into hell, into tho flro that never shall be quenched. Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched. Lnkoix., 35: Andtherocame a voice out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved son; hear Him. . .. Luke xvl, 8, 9: Ana tno Lord commended the unjust Bteward because ho had done wisely; for the children of this world are in their generation wiser than tho children of light. John v., 3. 4 : In these lay a great multitudo of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for tho moving of tho water. For an angel went down at a certain season into pool and troubled tho water; whosoever then first after tho troubling of tho water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had. Acts xxvi., 28, 29: Then Agrippa said unto Paul, Al most thou persuadest me to be a Christian. And Paul said, I would to God that not only tiiou, but also all that hear mo this day, were both almost and altogether such as I am, except these bonds. Romans v., 4: And patience, experience; and experience, £o'mans vltl., 90 : For whom ho did foreknow, ho also did prcdestlnato to bo conformed to the Imago of his Son, that ho might bo the Qrst born among many brethren. Pbilipplans li., 0. 7 : IVho, being In tho form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God. Pbilipplans 111., 20, 21 : For onr conversation is In heaven; from whenco also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ : Who shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body, according to tho working whereby ho is able even to subdue all things to himself. Colos. ii., 7. 15, 23: And having spoiled' principalities and powers, he made a show of them openly, triumphing over them in it. . , ' , Which things have Indeed a show of wisdom in will-wor ship, and humility, and ne glecting of tho body: not in any honour to tho satisfying oi the flesh. I. John v., 7 : For there are those that bear witness in heaven, tho Father, the Word, and tho Holy Ghost, and these three are one. „ Revelations xxlL, 14: Blessed I are they that do his commsnd- ments.tbattheymay have right to tho tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into ' the city. NEW VERSION. Matthow 11L, 15: Then he inffereth him. Matthew vi., 0-13 : Our Father which art in heaven, hallowed be Thy name. Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, as in heaven, so on earth. G ivo us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our debts, as wo also liavo forgiven our debtors. And bring us not into temptation, but deliver us from tho evil one. (Omit tho rest. Matthow vi., 25 : Bo not anxlons for your life. Matthow xi., 19 : And wis dom is justified by her works. Matthow xxiii.. 14: (Omit entirely.) Mark ix„ 44-40: (Omit en tirely.) Luko ix„ 35 : And a voico came out of tho cloud, saying. Tills is my Son, my chosen. Luko xvi., 8, D : And his lord commended tho unrighteous B toward because ho had done wisely: for tho sons of this world are for tholr own genera tion wiser then the sons of the light. , , John v., 3, 4 : In those a multitude of them that wore sick, blind, halt, withered. (Omit tho rest.) Acts xxvi., 28, 29: And Agrippa said unto Paul, With but little persuasion thou wouldst fain make me a Chris tian. And Paul said, I would to God, that whether with little or with much, not thou only, but also all that hear me this day, might become such as 1 am, except theso bonds. Romans v., 4: And patience, probotlon ; and probation, hope. Romans vill., 29 : For whom he foreknow, ho also fore ordained to be conformed to tho imago of his Son, that ho might bo the firstborn among many brethren. Philipptans li., 0, 7: Who, being in tho form of God, counted it not a prize to bo on an equality with God. but emptied himself, taking tho form of a servant. Phllippians ill.. 20, 21 : For onr citizenship is in heaven; from whence also wo wait for a Saviour, the Lord Josob Christ : whoshallfashionanew the body of our humiliation, that It may be conformed to the body of his glory. Colos. ii., 15, 23: Having put oil from himself the prin cipalities and the powers, he made a show ot them openly, triumphing over them in it. Which thlng3 havo indeed a show of wisdom in will-wor ship, and humility, and severity to tho body; but are not of any value against the Indulgence of the flesh. Omitted. Revelations xxil., 14: Bless ed are they that wash their robes, that they may have the right to come to the tree of life, and may enter in by tiio gates into the city. , An item in connection with the revision is i the following. — Archdeacon Denison, in the I Lower House of Convocation, protested against : any vote of thanks being given to the revisers of the-New-Tcstament — He-asserted that-the i composition of the committee was an abomina- tion in the sight of God, and that he would not perjure his soul by according a single word of thanks to its members. The fault of the com mittee in the archdeacon's eyes was that some of its ablest members were not connected with the Church of England. The vote of thanks to the revisers was carried by a majority of 75 to S votes. 'Mail Missed. — We were unable to get to-1 day's issue to the machine in time last night to catch the mail train to Gunning, &c.; Skylarks for Yass. — We are glad to learn that the managing committee of the Sydney Zoological Society, at its meeting last Friday, resolved to send a number of skylarks (which had been received that morning, in good con dition, from Captain Wheeler, of the Wakatipu steamer) to the Mayor of Yass, with a request that the Mayor would see to the liberation of the birds. We regret very much the absence from Yass of the Mayor (Mr. T. Colls) in con sequence of ill-health, but hope he will be able to return in time to act the part of liberator to the plumed songsters. Another hope we have to express is that every resident of this dis trict will constitute himself a guardian and protector of these delightful songsters, and that if any miserable " Cockney sportsman," or any " oder man," at any time should be discovered killing or capturing any one of these skylarks, he will be publicly exposed and forever shunned by all and sundry. Mr. Sheekey's New Establishment- — Mr. Sheekey has removed into his new pre mises, a few doors from those formerly occupied by him. The new establishment has been very elegantly fitted up, and is quite attractive. We hope Mr. Sheekey's enterprise will be richly rewarded. Butcher's Meat. — The attention of house keepers is directed to the announcements- of Mr. Walters and Mr. C. Jones in another column, by which it will be seen that they have reduced prices for first quality beef and mutton. The New Licensing Bill — the meet ing to consider the provision of this bill will take place to-morrow (Wednesday) evening in the Temperance Hall, Meehan- street. We were misinformed when we stated in last issue that the Rev. Mr. Hopkins would be one of the speakers at the meeting. The rev. gentle man's clerical duties will prevent his being in Yass on the evening of the meeting. Presbyterian. — The manse building fund is rapidly increasing in amount. Yesterday Mr. A. W. Thomson received a couple of cheques for handsome sums, one from Mrs. Ritchie, senior, for 20, and the other from Mrs. J. P. Ritchie for 16. New Insolvents. — Deborah Simpson, of Wagga Wagga, licensed publican. Liabilities, 647 1 8s. 6d. ; assets, 196 5s. 6d. Mr. L. T. Lloyd, official assignee. -Gamatiel Willett, of Temora, labourer. Liabilities, 79 1 os. ; assets, £4. Mr. Sandcman, official assignee. The sheep owners, competent to vote tor the election of directors for the sheep district of Young, are to meet on the 10th Jnst, for the purpose of electing a sheep director in room of W. D. Campbell, Esquire, resigned. Edward Charles Mooney, chemist, Temora, intends on the 30th instant to apply to the court for a certificate under the provisions of the Insolvency Act. A first and only meeting of creditors in the insolvent estate of John Johnstone Robertson, grazier, of Murrumburrah, is to be held at Young on Monday, 29th instant. It is proposed to establish an evening public school at Yass, and a public school at Lang's Creek, near Burrowa- Public schools are urgently needed at Bookham and Pudman Creek, at each of .which localities a sufficient number of scholars are obtainable, and the parents anxiously desire to have their children provided with the advantage of schools within reach. At a meeting of the managing committee of the Zoological Society held last Friday it was decided to send a number of skylarks to the Mayor of Yass, and to ask that gentleman to see to their liberation. Last Friday the Royal Princes, accompanied by his Excellency Lord Augustus Loftus, and suite, visited the establishment of Messrs. Hudson Bros., at Redfern, Sydney. The foundation-stone of the Sydney Hos pital, in course of erection in Mccquarie- street, was laid by his Excellency Lord _ Augustus Loftus last Saturday. A splendid golden trowel was used on the occasion — and that is the way in which the public money is spent 1 A nugget weighing 105 ozs. was found in the Working Miners' Claim at Homebush, near Maryborough, Victoria, last Friday. Messrs. Woolley and Co., of Melbourne, having received a power of attorney from the Highland Railway Company, in Scotland, have taken delivery of the steamer Ferret from the Government. After she has rqpeived a thorough overhauling, they intend to put her up for sale. It is understood that 8000 has already been offered for the vessel. There is great excitement ahont the new rush at Adelong. Alluvial, with 20 feet sinking, giving £6 per man per week, has been found on private property belonging to Kyran Regan. At Nuggetty Gully splendid gold has b.een found, some of the nuggets weighing over 31 dwts., two of them over 1 1 dwts. All likely ground available has been taken up. The gold is of the best value. This find is expected to open up reefs which have always been supposed to be highly auriferous, but have been neglected for want of means to work them. The latest method adoped by the Melbourne Exchange for obtaining news is by a pigeon ex press, by which they had at stated periods of the day posted in the hall the running of the Waterloo Cup, the birds having been domiciled on the roof of the building. It is said that the committee of the Victoria Racing Club intend to allow the widow of their late secretary, Mr. R. C. Bagot, a pension of 200 per annum. The detached squadron will certainly remain in Sydney harbour until Tuesday (this day), as the Bacchante can scarcely finish her coaling and provisioning before that time ; and jt may be Thursday or Friday before the different vessels weigh anchor. No instructions have yet been received from the Admiralty as to the date of departure or the future route of the squadron; but as it has been unexpectedly delayed here, and as the cruise must be finished by a certain date, it is not impossible that New Zealand will not be visited. It is expected that at least 2000 will be raised for the families of the late Revs. J. B. Richardson and J. Armitage, the two Wesleyan ministers who perished in the Tararua disaster. Lord Clanwilliam, admiral of the detached squadron, continues to improve in-health, and Miss Kennedy is still on board the Inconstant . .engaged-in nursing.him, while his -Excellency - the Governor of Queensland remains a guest of Lord Augustus Loftus at Government House. To-day (Tuesday) it is intended that Prince Edward of Wales will lay the foundation-stone— in the enclosure ..at the top of King-street, Sydney, — for the pedestal for the statue of her Majesty the Queen which is at present in the Garden Palace. Constable James Hoban has been appointed mining registrar at Tarcutta, and to issue miners rights, business and mineral licenses. Mr. Pilcher,' in referring in the Assembly to the charges of the legal profession last Friday night, cited a case in Queensland where a solicitor's bill amounted to £3500, or there abouts, the last item of which was, " To con sideration for cases I have lost through think ing of yours— 350." The following prayer precedes Mr. Geo. Milner Stephen's endeavours to cure his patients:— "O, Almighty God, Thou Great Spirit and Creator of the universe, yet Father of infinite love and mercy, we beseech Thee to look down with compassion on Thine afflicted servants now present, and thdt Thy ' ministering angels may bring down from above such power to Thy instrument (on whom Thou hast graciously bestowed the 'gifts of healing') that he may be enabled to relieve them from their sufferings and restore them to bodily health, that thereby they may feel as well as know that Thou art ever and for all eternity the same God of infinite love and mercy. Amen." . Mr. Thomas Brassey, M.P., contemplates a Visit to Australia, in his yacht the Sunbeam. Report says he will shortly be raised to the peerage. London Truth recently offered a prize for the best advertising "notion." Here it is:— " 1. Arrange price with cab proprieters in London and all large towns for their cabbies to wear hats with name of article to be advertised in red letters. Hats to be obtained from whole sale house at so much per gross j waterproof for winter, light-coloured ones for summer. 2. Balloons in shapes of donkeys, of all sizes, to be sent by by thousands on given day or days, from agents' offices in various towns ; the tail of donkey to bear inscription of article to be advertised. Previously England to be flooded with advertisements in the newspapers, stating 'Great Donkey Race, April 1.' " A meeting of persons interested in the frozen meat question was held at the Albion Hotel, Young, on Thursday afternoon, to hear Mr. Belcher, provisional secretary of the Goul- burn Slaughtering and Meat Freezing Company, give some facts relative to the proposed scehme. About twenty were present- After Mr. Belcher's address, Mr. Carlo Marina intimated that he would take one hundred shares in the company. Dr. Tynan, of Cowra, purposes taking up his residence and following his profession of medical doctor in Burrowa. The Burrowa Times understands that the Government have sanctioned the setting apart of 200 acres, on the reserve, near Cherry Tree Hill, as a racecourse for Burrowa. The prospectus of the Wagga Wagga Slaughtering and Meat Freezing Company has been published. The capital of the com pany is to be 20,000, in 10,000 shares of £2 each. Trade Mark, Waltham, Mass. — The American Watch Company, of. AValtham, Massachusets, U.S.A., hereby give notice that their Trade Mark, -'-WidthatJvMass .," is now registered in the Australian Colonies of Vic toria, New South Wales, and New Zealand- Proceedings will be taken against any person copying or imitating same, ' or, any vendors selling or offering for sale watches bearing colourable imitations, or in- any way infringing our rights.—" American Watch Company, Wal tham Mass." Ei" £1 Free Gifts ! — The Proprietors of Wolfe's Aromatic Schiedam Schnapps, to in duce the destruction and prevent the improper use ot tne wrappers and labels, and thus fur ther protect the public against fraud and de ception, have enclosed in the wrappers, or under the labels of the quart bottles, since 1st October, 1878, and continue to enclose in every day's packing throughout the year, THREE £1 ORDERS, which are drawn upon the undersigned, and which will be cashed by them on presentation. To secure these gifts, the public must be careful to ask for, and ac cept nothing but the genuine Udolpho Wolfe's Schnapps, with our name on the top label. M. Moss and Co., Wynyard-lane, Sydney. Australian Mutual Provident Society. This is the oldest and most successful Life Assurance Society in the colony. Intending assurers can obtain all necessary information and forms of application from Mr. J. J. Brown. " Courier" Office, Yass. ' 0E THE Alps.— The perfect adaptation -of this hygienic cordial to the ailments and disabil- ties incident to our climate, was made manifest soon after its introduction into Australia a few years ago. From that time to the present its popularity has increased, and Messrs. Moss and Co., the agents of the manufacturers in Geneva, are now placing it in our markets in large quantities. It commands a rapid sale. As a vitalising preparation, it is looked upon as superior to all . other tonics, whilst its excellent flavour, which is not surpassed by that of any other cordial in use, renders it a universal favourite among our discriminating public. It is strongly recommended as a specific for want of appetite, and as a matchless invigorant for convalescents and aged persons. Holloway's Ointment and Pills.— Old Wounds, Sores, and Ulcers.— Daily experience confirms the fact which has triumphed over opposition for thirty years— viz., that no means are known equal to Holloway's remedies for cur ing bad legs, sores, wounds, diseases of the skin, erysipelas, abscesses, burns, scalds, and, in truth, all cases, Whereithe -Skin is broken. To cure these infirmities quickly is of primary im portance, atithetcompulsory, confinement indoors weakens the general health. The ready means of Cure are found ; in Holloway's . Ointment and 1 ills, which heal the sores- and- expel their cause. In the very worst cases the Ointment has suc ceeded in effecting a perfect cure, after every other means has failed of giving any relief. Desperate cases best display its virtues. valuaiite Discovery for ire Hair. —If your liolr la ""'"g grcy or wh lto. or falling off, use "Tho Mexican Hair Eonewer, toiit wMpotiiivels/ restore in every ease grey orwhite ?#Dna C0,0?,r' without leaving tho disagreeablo amoll of most Restorers. It makes tho hair charmingly beau- Mful, aa well as promoting tho growth of tho hair on bald spots rasa.'M&.'Ett VloruinkI— Fob the Teetr and Dreatii— a fow drons of tho liquid I'lorlllno sprinkled on a wot tooth-brush pro- duoos a ploasont lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or Impurities, hardens thegums, prevents artar BlTea to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness, and a delightful fragranco to tho breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. -'The Fragrant HorlLine, being composed in part of honoy and sweet herbs, is deUcions to tho taste, and the greatest toilet discovery wi "i80;, . - ' All Chemists and Perfumers depot romoved to 33, Farrlngdon Road, London i m?VI 2 2!";!ui !— Ar0 yu broken In your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting tcoth ? Go at onco to a chemist and get a bottle of ' Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup " It will relievo tho poor sufferer Immediately. It is perfectly taatoi " PAduccs natural, quiet sleep, by relieving tne child from pain, and the little chernb awakes as bright as a button. It soothes tho child, it softens tho R? i!" V SyB p ' 'elleves wind, regulatos tho bowels, and is r Sr dyEcntery and diarrhoea, whether ff j j i 'iM,' C?u"e3' Mrs- Winslow's Soothing bottlo medicine dcalors every wiicro at Is. ljd. per Throat Affections and Hoarseness.-AII suffering from Imitation of the throat and hoarseness will be ap- prised at the almost immodlato relief afforded by tho use of Browns Bronchial Troches." These famous "lozenges" are now sold by most reapoc table chemists in tlds country atls lid P" he- Peoplo troubled with a " hacking cough," a "sliglit " bronchial affections, cannot tr/them too soon? as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in serious nul- rnonary and asthmatic affections. Seo that tho words " Brown's Bronchial Troches aro on the Government stamp around each BraPMed by fohn r" Brown and Sons, Boston, United States. Europoan depot removed to 33. Farringdon Road London. Two Gold Medals awarded American Waltham Watches — the only medals awarded to Exhibitors of Watches, Melbourne International Exhibition, 1880. All genuine Waltham Watches have the Trade Mark, "Waltham, Mass.," en graved on the plate of the Watch. 