Although it would ho an impropriety to 1 ex press an opinion' on the, famous Lamont will case, . while it ls-'f.sub judioe," there isho reason: why wo should refrain from' aayiiig'thtifc the evi-'- .dqnee does not exhibit. oho of the witnesses, in, a very favourable light. We referj to;, the tVig- torian journalist ; whose literary, taste is/as well- known as his' hallucinations on , the subject of spiritualisjm/jaiid whose conduct in publishing in,', ther,. Harbinger , of , Light—", lucus a iipn lucondo"— a supposed communication! from the, dead man reflecting on the character of the principal legattee, was as justly as : soverely 'censured by the counsel .for the respondents. jTliere can be no doubt from , the . testimony adduced that Mr James Smith expected to share in something more than the crumbs of the rich jquartz cruslierls 'estate, when ,he shuffled: off.'. this mortal cou, ana tnat tno disappointment or tno:. former' ivas. , propprtidnatel' ' groat when : lie lea -ned that, ho was not,. even to . receive', the traditional farthing. But if ho could not parti# cipate ih ' the good;; tlurigs'. thai: had "been? left behind, by liis,. quondam friend of the ' circle! ' lie could at least have-his revenge oh the fortunate devisee and the soi-disant of Mrs. M'GoorgoJ by denouncing them in, print. And the testator had no sooner departed this 'sphere before liis# eyes wore opened, and ho displayed intense anxiety to make known that - his opinion of 'those whom ho . had admired so much in the" flesh," was reversed. The Oock Lane ghost, .did not more persistently intimateby its scratchiings ;its desire' to communicate' with.the living than; (according to, Mr Smith did ' the spirit of poor Lamorit . its. wish to .unburdon . itself of the 'load on its mind. .We have Mr Smith's assur- :ffice'that4hesta,tQr.'.'presentedlii lhself -ata 'private ciryeinivfelbourno, ' ' established his (idontityjto tlio complete satisfadtion of an in- j timatefriend'— it is almost needless to, say who the friend" was-#— and " til ways with 'increas ing importunity", asked for a private d seance" to impart Bomethirig ' that ;was essential to liis peace. What less cbuld Mr Smith'do under tho circumstances to soothe his perturbed visitor j from the immaterial world ..than gratify his i wiBh % An " appointment". was madowith' the ; restless spir.it,. aiidon a certain evening it'tobk ! possession of tlie medium ahd'unbbsomed "itseif I in tones and language " equally characteristic" i of the deceased. The substanco of tho iii(issa«o j to the "friend" was ; that lie' had been griev- I ously deceived :by the chief legatee and the lady whose" sufferings" ooiitd onlv be allavorl W j <e tapping" her, admiring devotees on 'the head i for "five or, ten minutes," probably to see j whether-.,thoy were empty or not. As the dis- appointed expectant devisee had summoned the Bpirit of Lamont from the shades, the tenor of his: disclosure might have . been " anticipated. | The respondent in the will case and Mrs- Foster : " alias" M'George were stigmatisod as false and vile and as having so completely controlled his i mind that he was prevonted 'making some provi sion', for "J.S." Now there cannot be any ! difference .of opinion about such'1 ah attempt to 'create prpjudico against a man who was about to be forced to defeiid his rights uridei-' th'e' will in a court of law, and.it seei5s""tp us that the terms in which the counsel for the respondent referred to the . -transaction, wore entirely jus'tified. Whatever; Regard- one may entertain for the literary, ability of Mr Smith, it is impossible not tb regret the infatuation which has rendered him;th0 dupe;of the silliest superstition of the I ninbteentli; J cbntiiry1. 'Mr ' Hblroyd remarked : that the: 'airticle;. in1 tho Harbinger of Light proved' fhp'autlior to be either mehtally or morally deficient," arid neither' supposition is ; very flattering. There can bo no doubt; How ever, that he is a sincere believer in aicraze that has turned stronger brains than his jowri, iiand we can see in the alleged communication of the dead man further evidence that tho so-called mediums impart the, mental impressions of those : arounu. omarwng unaer cne disappointment of pot being, loft the; smallest coin of the realm and strongly desiring and expecting an pxplnna- . tion .of tho fact, tho desired message comes from ; the " vasty deep" embodying his own feelings tbwavds" tho people who he believed had de- ' prived him of a legacy from liis former friend. This appears to us the truo explanation of an affair which elicited such strong animadversions from tho learned gentleman, though even this assumption will not acquit tho writer of the article in the Harbinger of Light, 'of a gross breach of propriety. Common decorum,, not to say common senso, should- havo withhold the publication of the attack upon tho respondent till tho validity of the will had boon decided. Any man is lit liberty to bolicvo that another «ho is supposed to havo injured him is every thing that ho ought not to be, but tho former lias no right under cover of a pretended revela tion from the grave, to express this conviction in prmt. Ana one can only rogrot that a writer who has made his mark on tho literal uro of this colony, is the victim of a dolusion which the vast majority of intelligent men who havo no pretensions to the samo culture regard with contempt. It is difficult to read with gravity the account of a number of otherwise sensible men liko Mr James Smith, submitting to the novel kind of " rapping" to which they wore subjected bv the moml nnrl nlivlrtanrOs;!" i»- i/ -- lady who passes as the wife of tho respondent without having any legal claim to tho title. One is inclined to suspect that she must have boon secretly experimenting on the depths to which human credulity can descend. The burgesses of Chewton are notified that unless their rates are paid before 10th June, they will not be entitled to be placed on the voters' i roll, J 