THE POACHER'S GHOST. Now one night, out with old ' Tim the Glint,' and some other ne'er-do-weels of the country, the peeler patrol approaching bv the road, gave him a scare, though still at a considerable distance. At once he struck a lucifcr match to his companions, warning them of the danger abroad, and as rapidly descended to the ground from the tree where he had been ordered for observation. Taking every by-path known to him, he came out on an old fellow's land, a grim curmudgeon, who, catching a glimpse of his figure against tbe sky, knew at oncp his customer, together with his character for evil I deeds, and his deep- seated superstition. Thinking he was ! after his hen-roost, or at least his turnips, he determined to 1 give him a fright, and that ton, not by any means known to the i law. Seeing an immense mangold before the fellow came on, he ! plucked it with a jerk from the ground, and placed it over the j top of his head, covering his face the while with his handker chief, and standing still as the grave, while by was seading tlie un- j lucky bird poacher. ''Waw— aw — aw— oo—oo— aw!'— a repetition 1 of groans that seemed to start out of the earth rang upon his j affrighted ears. He stopped ; his hair began to rise ; he peered j into the gloom; he saw a gigantic figure before him, and in nn I effort of despairing natui e uttered a cry. ' Waw — a »? — aw ? oo ' ' ] again rang the groan. The fellow took off his hat and piously crossed himself ; then he felt, as he afterwards said, the rale com- 1 age of a Christian. 'Ho! I— agh— ah— Misther. In the name j o* the twelve deadly sins, spake I Spake if ye're a livin' man I for— for— for— I'm greatly freetened.' ' I'm not a livin' man,' j rang out the hollow voice, in a tone that froze the fellow's 'd marrow; 'lam a ghost, so I am.' 'Oo— oo—oo! Oh lor-a- ' '**! messy— forgive ! O dcckrofiuifris Klavi Kutcheli, amin. Save ire ' i sowl in penitincc an purgatory. O solemn Saint Kiillumkill I what's this fur at all : What did I ever to you, ghost! I ax I y-m that in the name o' nine blessed mandhromarvins comin' ' A ' Stolu me hins— stole me ducks— stole nv geese,' echoed the voice 11 of the ghost. ' Ah ! blessed Pother, if I'm to be sot on by evurv- \ body's ghost that I robbed fowl from, I'd better die at vuiist for 3 livin' would be a torlhur.' I'm watchin' you these four years ' 1 taid the ghost. ' O lar, more worser an' worse. Would you j have any objection to me wipin' aff the passfyrashun, sur?' 1 'Four years; but now I have you at last. I'm not allowed to 1 spake lo ye, by raison of yc havin' a larrier dog mostly 1 via you; but prepare to come wid me? I have you 1 now.' 'O sur, O murther; O think o* me do'lin' I lather, an' me lovin' family, sur. O if an oort swore on 1 the twilvc pinnytenshal psalms, that I'll stale no more from vou 1 will nrevint you from trubblin' me, I'll do it; right off.' » Well 1 tlicn, swarc,' said the voice. ' Now, mind you, I'm the father's 3 Rhost of the man that owns the land, and, be the morchal if ever I I ketch you agin, down to purgattery yc go ; and instead of tal;in my hand on my promise hoie, take my head.' And he flunp th' j mangold full at him. Down dropped the unhappy nv-bv-niebt ! m a fit, where he was found a half imbecile in the morniiur but from that good hour out has led an altered life. The champion liar of the Western hemisphere is un doubtedly » (irizzly Dan,' the bear-killer of the Vosemite. who tells the following story of one of his milder adventures ? «? He I was once set upon by a whole tribe of howling red devils 1 and was obliged to run for his life. He headed for the 1 irmk of a cliff about some 700 feet high, dodging the 1 mllets fired at him as he ran, being able, through lonp practice to tell the course of a ball by the sound as it approached from the rear. Grizzly Dan unhesitatingly leaped over the cliff to the amazement of the Indians, who gathered in a row to watcii his. fall. Dan turned in the air as he was falling, raised his Winchester nfle to his shoulder, and pulled the trigger. An Indian toppled orcr witn a ball through his left eye, and Dan kept pullin? the I lever and nigger until seventeen of the red devils had' balls I through their left eyes and were fallinp over the cliff after him Xhe eighteenth shot only carried away an Indian's nose, as the r was so full of fallimr Indians between Dan and the top of tho cuff that hisaim was a Kttle confused. He struck feet foremost in the river below aud swum ashore uninjured. The Indian re maining on the top of the cliff was the sole survivor i.f the tribe i and was ever afterward known as ? Man-with-a-hole-in-his- i A Philadelphian has recently expressed his ideas on i ' umbrella morality ?? by the following :-«' If you attend a prayer-meeting on a rainy night, and on starting to go home take from the rack an umbrella better than vour own it is a mfetevL 5SLW one ^taTO«^^^tViS3f«^.S1?iSi A master observing that the once white linen of one of h« employes had through long absence from soap andwato become of a hazy black, inquired, as a prelude to a homUvon* cleanliness, how often his shirt was washed. « Once a month » 7Zlh- reDlV' ,4\^h?' l 'I'1' *«? shins a v£ek.» «&a; deevfl V- * WWk ejaculated Bo'*- ' *e maun be a dirty 