FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1881. We announced some time ago that a officer in the Victorian Railway depart ment had brought very serious charge against Mr. R. G. FORD, the engineer of construction. These charges were said to be of such a nature as to render the retirement of the accuser or the accused inevitable. It was naturally supposed that the Commissioner of Railway would lose no time in causing a thorough investigation to be made, but to the surprise of every one, matters havo been allowed to proceed as though nothing had happened. Under the circum stances, Mr. SIMON ERASER considered it his duty to bring the subject to ths notice of the Assembly, and yesterday an opportunity presented itself of doing so. The member for Rodney stated that the charges were preferred by Mr. RENNICK, and that they did not refer to Mr. FORD'S skill, but to his integrity. Mr. FORD is accused of " tyranny, negligence, incompetency, and that he employed Government officers during Government time in doing his own private work." In order to give our readers some idea of the assertions made with regard to Mr. FORD'S conduct, we quote the following statement ; "His drawings for Prince's-bridge were prepared in the office. The work was com menced as Ford's private work (the officers working before and after and during office hours on it). Afterwards (when the award went against him) the work was received as the design of the department, and the officers were then paid by the Government, Ford himself receiving payment as well as the rest. One of the officers whom be had paid himself handed the amount received from the depart ment to Ford." It is impossible to say, of course whether this account corresponds with the facts or not. It may be that Mr, FORD'S proceedings have been grossly misrepresented, or it may be that they have not been adequately exposed. But in any case it is evident that no time should be lost in ascertaining the truth, not only concerning the charge we have quoted, but also respect- ing all the other offences mentioned, Mr. FORD'S retention in the service of the slate without trial is a public scandal, and we agree with Mr. FRASER that " the Minister ought to have looked upon it as his duty to ascertain the 'truth' without delay." But Mr. FRASER did not confine him- self to the charges preferred by Mr. RENNICK. He complained of the way in which the specifications for one sec- tion of the Goulburn Valley Railway were prepared. It appears that tenderers were required to name two prices for ballast-one for stone and gravel, the other for gravel only. Seeing that the section to which reference was made passed through a stoneless coun- try, it certainly seems somewhat curious that the engineer of construction should want to know tho price at which stone pitchers wonld be supplied. Mr. WOODS explains the seeming mystery by saying that there is a settled form for schedules of prices, which is used in every in- stance, and that where certain materials can only be furnished at extravagant prices they are not ordered. This ac- count of the general practice may be perfectly correct, but if so, we certainly do not think that the system it discloses is a judicious one. We cannot see the utility of requiring contractors to quote prices for materials which as a matter of certainty will not be used. Mr. FRASER'S opinion regarding the proceeding is plain and emphatic. He said-" It would be utterly ridiculous on the part of any engineer to specify material for a contract in a district where such material did not exist. The person who did this must either be a designing man, and in league with the contractor, or a fool, and in either case he ought to be kicked out of the service." It is possible, of course, that Mr. FORD might be able to give such an explanation of his motives as would show con- clusively that he was neither fool nor knave in the transaction, and he may fairly complain of Mr. BENT for not giving him an early opportunity of clear- ing his character. An impartial board would inquire into the whole facts of the case. It would ascertain what payments were made to the contractors, and whether the alternative tenders had been used in any way to the detriment of the state. If it should be found that no more than the rate named in the schedule of prices had been paid for the gravel used, then it would be evident that Mr. FORD had been guilty of nothing beyond putting a few tenderers to unnecessary trouble. If, on the other hand, it should be shown that while gravel only was used, the contract price for gravel was ex- ceeded, then Mr. FORD would have an opportunity of explaining the circum- stances under which the extra payments were made. In any case there should be an inquiry by a board composed of gentlemen possessing the confidence of the country. Mr. BENT proposes to make an investigation himself as soon as the recess gives him leisure to under- take the task. We do not think, however, that a Ministerial investigation carried on in private will satisfy the public. Mr. FORD'S conduct has been so fre- quently called in question that we doubt whether anything short of an inquiry car- ried on in open court, would reinstate that gentleman in popular estimation. As a matter of course, Mr. JOHN WOODS rushed to the rescue of "his friend." He ap- pointed Mr. FORD to his present office, and professes to have a profound admiration for his talents. As far as we could understand his argument, Mr. WOODS contended that Mr. FORD must be honest because he has invented mechanical appliances, has saved the country large sums of money, and is, like his patron, rude and uncouth in manner. We venture to think that an inquiry would throw some much-needed light upon his " inventions " and his savings. His manners speak for themselves. We would remind Mr. WOODS, however that the charges submitted by Mr. FRASER do not relate to Mr. FORD'S inventions or economies or manners, but, as tho member for Rodney phrased it, to "his integrity." If Mr. WOODS can establish that to the satisfaction of straightforward men, he will do his friend and the public more service than he can possibly render by drawing a red herring across the track of those who demand inquiry. We trust that Mr. BENT will reconsider his decision to deal with this matter himself. In common justice, Mr. FORD should be allowed an opportunity of clearing his character before an impartial tribunal whose decision would carry weight and command respect. We doubt whether Mr. BENT will be regarded by the public as an impartial judge in this matter. For several years the labouring man in this colony was cajoled by de- signing and Belf-seeking demagogues into the belief that however bad the times were, however dear money had become, and however scarce employ- ment had grown, he was steadily con- tributing by some recondite process of evolution to the transformation of Vic- toria into " a paradise for the working " man." A bitterly-purchased ex- perience, however, dispelled the illusion. The sacrifices made by the dupes brought no rewards. The awakening to the cruel deception which had been practised upon them was slow. It sprang chiefly from the conviction which began to fasten itself in their minds that abstract political principles, popular party platforms, and leather-lunged illogical orationB, however excellent as a means to an end, were not at all satisfying to the physical wants of nature. Radical doctrines, however sternly held, would not fill the larder, and subscribing to the Reform League would not pacify importunate butchers and bakers. That patience was well nigh exhausted was made manifest by the ap- pearance of the " unemployed" at mass meetings and deputations. These latter the Premier for the time being tried to console by the assurance " that no great " popular victories were ever won without " corresponding sacrifices first endured " -an axiom which, however cheerful to contemplate from the armchair of the Executive Council chamber, is hardly as pleasant or convincing when studied by the light of a very small fire in winter weather, the cupboard empty, and an anxious wife and children inquir- ing when the good times are coming. The ghost of the "unemployed" had to be laid, however. First its existence was denied; but when unquestionable evidence of the presence of the evil was adduced, the Government which had brought it about rushed to another ex- treme in order to pacify electors who were beginning to find them out. The stato was made to provide work for the unem- ployed. Hundreds took advantage of the state bounty. They rushed to the work provided for them as if it had been a new gold discovery. They flocked not alone from the suburbs but from distant parts of the colony to par- ticipate in the good things, and swell the unwelcome army. We have referred to this much of a past history for a twofold purpose. First, to show that had a different and a wiser policy been pursued in regard to the working man, the difficulty of the unemployed, in its acute form, need never have arisen ; and next, to show that it is not too late to guard against its recurrence if our rulers are so minded. All sorts of legislative efforts have been made to encourage our population to pursue factory life. All kinds of efforts have been made " to settle the " people on the lands" and produce that colonial "yeomanry" which as yet has only been the shadowy dream of land "theorists. Nothing has been done, however, to encourage our young men to develope the great natural in- dustry of the country-the production of gold. It has no doubt been believed that gold finding is sufficiently alluring of itself, and that it may safely be left to capitalists and speculators to en- courage. This, however, is unquestion- ably a mistake, for however willing capitalists and speculators may be to invest in known reefs, established mining claims, or recognised leads, and to employ labour in their development, there is no corresponding haste to invest in what is known as " prospecting," or to work what is known amongst miners as a "poor man's diggings." The meaning of this phrase is a locality where any able- bodied, industrious, and thrifty man, with scarcely any other capital than his labour, can make com- fortable wages, and live a comparatively speaking independent life. That there aro plenty of such localities is apparent from a perusal of the quarterly reports of the mining surveyors and registrars. And yet the labouring man prefers to haunt the cities and the large towns, often leading a hand-to mouth existence, and hardly knowing where his next day's meal is to come from. Possibly the working man is ignorant of the outlets which are open to his industry. Possibly, too, he re- quires some encouragement to face the magnified hardships of a digger's life. If so, the working men have deteriorated in energy and independence since the time when their fathers shouldered their blankets and swags, and under far less favourable surroundings, exposed them Eelves to whatever privations beset the» path of the gold digger. In order to show the openings of the kind referred to which present them- selves at this moment to the working man, we have only to turn to the re- ports of the Government mining sur- veyors, and presuming them to be trustworthy, we submit that they are well worthy attention, such as a few years ago would have almost produced a " rush." The mining registrar for the Buckland division of the Ovens district mentions that a number of alluvial claims are being worked near Eurobin. " The gold is very fine," but " there are hundreds of acres down the river that would pay for working." A party of Chinese just below his (WESTON'S) claim throw all the top dirt away and work up to their waists in water to procure the auriferous drift below, which they carry to the river to wash. The same registrar, writing of what is known us the Left Branch of the Buckland, says, "Some fine nuggets have been unearthed, the largest weighing 4oz. Only four men are at work on the ground, and there are acres unoccupied." He refers to another place, which he says "has never yet been systematically explored, although it has been known for years past that coarse gold was occasionally to be picked up by any one seeking for it." A man named PETER M'DUFF is mentioned as working single-handed at his claim. " For some time past he " has been bringing small nuggets into Bright." The registrar of the Alexandra division says that th ?results of alluvial mining obtained 01 the watershed of the Delatite Kivor ar up to their usual standard, "and th " average earnings of miners show abou " 20s. per man par week." At Gaffney'; Creek tho " average return is somowha " uiîiîJS. 20s. per week per man." Wi need not multiply instances of a siraila kind,for they abound in the reports, when steady industry will earn its reward in £ sort of work which is certainly not ai hard as the silt works, or the militarj road cutting at Sandridge. Then, again such alluvial work as that referred te requires very little experience, and verj little capital. A party of, say, four men can live very comfortably, and far morí cheaply in the gold-field district! than in town. Not only is a life of in- dependence open to them, but there ¡£ always, with the certainty of earning fair wages, the possibility of a rich gold find. The next point to consider is how fat the Government could assist, and would be justified in assisting, those who de- sired to enter upon the pursuits wo have indicated. In cases of unemployed, or of men destitute of tho means of transit, wo think it would not be unwise to give them a free journey by rail at time« when the trains aro not filled. A few passengers moro or less, especially in the cause we aro advocating, would not signify, but it would be a boon to many if they, could bo conveyed to within a moderate walking distance of the scene of their new labours. A similar conces- sion has been made in times of distress in favour of the unemployed seeking work up oountry. Our proposal is that we should not wait to make the concession until the evil is upon us, but that we should anticipate the evil itself by en- couraging men to take up and pursue the great natural industry of the colony, instead of lingering in the towns, " wait " ing for what may turn up." The right of the people to proaent petitions to Parliament for the rodress of grievances would be very seriously en- dangered if the Assembly were composed exclusively of M'OOLLS. Some weeks ago Mr, M'COLJ, presented a lengthy potition to Parliament from a Mr. GEORGE URQUHART, in which tho petitioner, who libels a bank, a number of well known respectable citizens, the judges ot tlio Supreme Court, - and the Privy Council. The libela are _ of an atrocious character, amounting, in the main, to a charge of general conspiracy on the part of those attacked to defraud the petitioner. Having presented the scandalous docu- ment to Parliament, and given the usual assurances relative to ita respectful word- ing and tonour, Mr. M'COLL successfully moved to have it printed. By this action the libellous petition became available for circulation throughout the country. As a nutter of fact, It was very largely cir- culai cd, and in sovoral instances portions of it were reprinted by newspapers. One of thosowho wore moBt grossly libelled was Mr. ROBERT POWER. This gentleman wailed upon Mr. MURRAY SMITH to com- plain that "he had been libelled at the " expense of the state in a document "bearing the imprimatur of the As " eouibly." Ho pointed out that had the charges brought against him been mado in tbo ordinary manner, and not under shelter of Parliamentary privi- lege, ho could have taken action to vindi- cate his 'character, and punish the aggressor, whereas he had been rendered powerless by the action of the Assembly. Under those circumstances, the whole matter was brought under tho notice of the House by Mr. MURRAY SMITH, who pointed out that if the prac- tice inaugurated by Mr. M'COLL were sanctioned, or even permitted, by Parlia- ment, the right to petition would de- velop, into the moat scandalous evil that could be conceived. Any_ malicious scoundrel would have it in his power to circulate with impunity the grossest Blandirá against any one on whom ?ho wished to bo revenged. Nor would there be a particle of redress for the aggrieved citizen. The gravity of the Bubject is thoroughly apparent. It ia true that aftor Mr. M'COLL liad heard the views of the various speakers w^a addressed themselves to the matter no expressed his regret to tho House for having presented tho peti- tion, and also moved that it be expunged from tho rocords of tho House. Possibly this was the only reparation ho could offer, but what wo complain of ia that Mr. M'COLL took advantage of his position aa »member of Parliament to become the agent in inflicting with Impunity very grievous wrongs on unoffending citizens. Tho attitude of the Assembly alono caused Mr. M'COLL to retreat from his position, and the House doalt very loniontly with him. Mr. BENT has managed to bring a hornet's nest upon himself. On Wednes- day he received a deputation from certain of the newspaper proprietors of Mel- bourne, who modestly aakod that their pareóla of papers should bo carried over the Victorian railwaya free. It has boen stated that tho various Melbourne jour- nals were represented on this interesting occasion, but the allegation is incorrect. AB the list which we published Bhowod, this office was not represented. Mr. BENT demurred. Ho says that the nowspapera aro continually urging him to con- duct tho railways on commercial prin- ciples, and ho pertinontly BBICS how it fits in with commercial principles til at ho should do a lot of work, and should receive no pay. It does not appear ironic the rocords that any reply Was givon to this awkward question. No doubt Mr. BENT chuckled with some- thing of triumph as he terminated the interview, but it would seem that he reckoned without lils host. The real reply -waa made next morning when »propoh of nothing, a violent attack waa made upon the Minister in the leading columns of a radical journal. Mr. BENT w told, with a fine Bcorn, that he is juafc no better than a labouring man-a^d demo- cratic organs can find no severer sarcasm than that. Their radicalism, in fact, is the celebrated radicalism of Mrs. WIILEMNE MACATJLEY, who insisted that MO was entitled to ait at table with tho ?Uukes,. but turned pale when Dr. JortNsost suggested that her foot- man should Bit at table with her. Mr. BENT'S crime is a peculiar one. ?ÜO is about, it is said, to make a «oía of the Christmas and harvest «MBc, for he ha* not sufficient rolling «tock to carry the holiday pas .setigots and the farmers' wheat. So far as tho paucity of rolling stock Concerned, no doubt this is a true bill. The railways aro, as it is alloged, terribly deficient in rolling stock, and whoBO fault, it may be asked, ia it that tha department has drifted into so deplorable a condition ? lu tha blamo to bio at tho door of tho radical Ministors, who held office for four years and did nothing, or at the door of Mr. BENT, who has been in office- four months, and has been energotic in endea- vouring to supply the wantî Rolling stock, it must be remembered, is not obtainable in a day. And as the public must seo, tho Minister who drops into the deficiency is not he who creates it. Tho monoy which Mr. JOHN WOODS was spending on his dock-in ordor, to out out the Coode plans-would have boen far more wisely employed in furnishing the railways. We said so at the time. Eut from the radical standpoint Mr. WOODS, whilo in office, could do little wrong. Ho was something of a ho&von; born Minister. By a coincidence, he carried those press parcels free ! Sir Samuel Wilson has been defeated for Londonderry, but not disgracefully when it is considered that his opponent was a Minister of the Crown, and that the conetitnency comprises nearly 0,000 elec- tors. Compared with the result of the contest during the general election in 1880, when the Right Hon. Hugh Law, whose seat Mr. Porter, Q.C., the new Solicitor General for Ireland, has now secured polled 3,011 votes, and the defeated Conserva ttoe candidate only 2,107., the Conservatives have somewhat improved their position, bu this 1B in all probability solely attributable to the influence of the Parnellito vote, which on this occasion, as on the last, was cast against the Government nominee. The R.M.S. Carthage arrived at Adelaide yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock, and ia ex pected to sail again for Melbourne at 4 a, m this morning. She should reach Melbourne on Saturday evening. In the Legislative Council yesterday the President announced to hon. members that Mr. Rusden had expressed to him, by letter, bia desire to retire from the position of clerk of the House and clerk of the Parliaments, at the end of this Bession. The President read correspondence which had passed between Mr. Rusden and His Excellency the Governon through the private secretary, on the ques- tion of a retiring allowance of £500 per year, which was applied for by the clerk. The correspondence included two memoranda from the Attorney-General to His Excellency, in which Sir Bryan O'Logblen gave the opinion that an allow- ance might be granted, as requested, out of the sum provided ia schedule D of the Con- stitution Act for the clerks and other expenses of the Council. The money could be made payable, with the consent of the House, on the warrant of His Excellency the Governor, but the allowance would have to be annually sanctioned, as the Council could not be bound permanently by any arrange- ment effected by direction of the present House. The correspondence, and also the general question of Mr. Rueden'a retirement were referred to a select committee, which will sit on Tuesday next. Yesterday's sitting of the Legislative Council waa chiefly occupied with the "Water Conservation Bill, which was read a second time, and paBsed through committee, with the exception of two or three postponed clauses, The most important, amendment irn.de was one in the clause providing for the formation of incorporated waterworks com- panies unlimited as to liability. It was objected that these companies ought to be limited, and the clause was amended BO as to provide that the companies might be formed under the Companies Statute 1801. The Tea Bill, the Rabbit Act Amendment Bill, and the Railway Loan Application Bill were read a third time. Dr. Dobson post- poned the second reading of the Councils election 1882 Bill until Tuesday next, in the here that there would then be n larger at- tendance of members present. The amount of the Supplementary Esti- mates yesterday laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly was £103,801 Discus- sion was chiefly confined to the miscellaneous votes, containing gratuities to the widows of the late undersecretary (£1,007), the late Government shorthand writer (£703), and the survivors of the late Mr. Wintle (£247) which met with Buch opposition that the Premier withdrew the items, notifying that he should submit them for reconsideration next session. Exception was also taken to the vote of £2,000 for consolidating the statutes, on the model of the codified billa framed by Dr. fleam, M.L.C., but it was allowed to paes after a tribute of commendation bad been paid to the industry and patriotic zeal of that hon. and learned gen. tleman. Mr, Cooper's expert method of putting the votes deprived hon. mem- bers of their chance of debating the merita of that frequently recurring item of £13,000 for the purchase of the Yarra Bank Carriage Works. It was pasaed and carried, and the next vote reached before gentle, men who had * been waiting all the' evening to see that it was struck off could rise and enter their veto. But for the persistency of Mr. Gardiner (who caught the idea from J^r. Munro) in object- ing to the vote bemg recalled, the subject might have been reopened and disposed of. An ogreementwas arrived at tore-commit the item on Tuesday. Mr. Bent mentioned that the purchase of the works was an open ques- tion with the Government, he being against it. The charges which have been hanging up in the Railway department against Mr. R. G. Ford, the engineer of construction, since the 31st oí AuguBt last, were yesterday brought under the notice of the Legislative Assembly by Mr. Fraser, on the votes for the depart- ment being reported from Committee of Supply. Mr. Renwick, one of the officers on the professional staff, is the person pre- ferring the complaint, A number of separate accusations are made, founded on events extending over a period of two years, The principal appears to be that Mr. Ford had his private business done inthe department by Government officers, who were paid with Government money for their special services. Mr. Fraser did not read out the full list of charges, but mentioned two or three, and supplemented them with the following specific statement, furnished to him by Mr. Renwick :-" HIB draw- ings for Princo'e-bridge wero prepared in the office. The work waB commenced as Ford's private work, tho officers working before and after, and during office hours on it. AfterwardB, when the award went against him, the work was received as the design of the department, and the officers were then paid by the Government, Ford himself receiving payment na well as the rest. One of the officers whom he had paid himself handed the amount received from the department to Ford." Mr. Fraser called attention to conditions in the contract for two sections of the Goal bourn Valley line, which ho said Mr. Ford waB responsible for, requiring the contractors to ballaBt the permanent way with stone pitchers, when as a matter of fact there is no stone obtainable within miles of the line, and nothing bnt gravel (which was much cheaper than stone) has ever been used on the works. Mr. Miroma asked Mr. Fraser whether he meant to allege that the con- tractors were paid for gravel at the price allowed for stone, and in reply Mr. Fraser Baid that if a board was granted evidence could be brought forward which would " damn Mr. Ford to all eternity." Considerable discussion necessarily followed the statement of the charges against Mr. Ford. Mr. Wooda defended Mr. Ford, by suggesting that Mr. Fraser had a quarrel of some sort with that officer many years ago (which Mr. FraBer denied), and by insinuating that " ballaBt" was a subject which Mr. Fraser and Mr. Kenwick ought to be very reluctant to hear mentioned. Mr. Renwick was allegodby Mr. Woods to hove blundered over tho makii Of theAraratandnamiltonrailwaybyusingit proper ballast, which had to be replaced whi Mr. Woods entered office, at a coat of £10,00 An excellent character for honesty, at masterly engineering skill was given to M Ford by Mi. Woods, who said that ti country had been benofittcd to the extei of thousands of pounds by his service Mr, Patterson, who went the Ungi of admitting that Mr. Ford wi " an awkward man " in tue departmen treated tho accusations of Mr. Kenwick i trumpery, whilst other members tbougl that that officer was greatly to blame fe having remained silent until the proaot moment. Mr. Mirama contended that M Fraser bad failed to establish a charge in co: nexion with the Goulburn Valley line. M Gilliesand Mr. TuckerinBistedthattheremui bo an investigation into the statement that M FordhadhadworkdoneforhimbyGovernmer officers, at the expense of the country. M Bent, after premising that Mr. Kenwick ha been guilty of meanness, in keeping back tb charges so long, instead of making himse heard at the time, stated that he should hin self hold a searching inquiry into the who! business in the recess. Ho also undertoo to ascertain what grounds there were for th reports BO widely current that the departmerj is utterly disorganised. The entire discuesio occupied nearly three hours. Mr. A, T. Clark had some very seiiou complaints to make yesterday against tb Commissioner of Customs, and he stated hi case to tho House in terms which were no wanting in energy. Mr. Graves, he said, ha deliberately trapped him- deceived him b tactics which would disgrace the verles Bharpcr on the racecourse. In the revisa Customs' estimates, passed on Wednea day, salaries were provided for tm tide surveyors in place of four, and Mt A, T. Clark based on this fact the charg that Mr, Graves had cancelled the appoint menta of three officers, who were promote! to the fourth clasB just before the lab Government left office. A good deal of heart burning (as our columns will bear witness has been caused in the department by thesi promotions. Mr. Gravea assured Mr. Clart that be had made no,change. The Crowi law officers had been asked to report on tht legality of the appointments, and should thej hold that the Civil Service Act had been dis regarded, the classification would be annulled, but otherwise the status of the officers con cerned would bo practically left undisturbed, If the estimates were wrong, the error wa; unintentional; the number of fourth-class officers waa the same on the rovised estimates as the original eatimatcB. This explanation satisfied Mr. Clark, bat he made no amende to Mr. Graves for his singular language. Revelations have been made respecting the actual doinga at Wednesday evening's Opposi- tion conference, at Parliament-house, which it is to be feared will prevent further meetings of the party being convened for some time to come. Members were having their smoke, after the example of Indian chiefs sitting in solemn council, when Mr. Patterson broached the startling proposal that it was time a Protestant Liberal party was formed, for the protection of the country against the en- croachments of the Roman Catholics, who ara now exercising an influence in public affaira out of all proportion to their numerical strength. Mr. M'Coll pealed forth two or three vigorous phrases, which wera taken by other gentlemen present to be an echo of this sentiment. Whilst this new policy of action waa being proposed and seconded, Mr. O'Callaghan, an ardent Radical and devoted Catholic, was resting on the sofa ; but as soon as chiefs one and two had resumed their pipes (or insignia corresponding to them), he sprang to hia feet and denounced the ex-Minister for ingratitude, and all sympathising Radicals for their bigotry and shortsightedness in dreaming of sepa- rating themBelvea from the Roman Catholic division of the clan to Beek new alliances. Mr. Berry waa not present to exercise a moderating influence over the disturbed council, and it was deemed advisable to break np in baste. Reference was made last night in the House to the caucus doings when Mr. M'Coll, Mr. O'Callaghan, and Mr Patterson offered explanations, which (excep BO far as the lost gentleman wag concerned) were wanting in fullness. It ia not Mr Patterson's intention, we are advised, to attend any more gatherings of the party untl it has been cleansed of individuals who are capable of betraying ita inmoat Becrets. Speeches of a stonewalling character ob- tained after the refreshment hour, and it was not until half-past 9 o'clock that the House got into committee of supply on the Sup- plementary Estimates. The subject upon which two members deBcanted at undue length was the Railway Bill, which the Government now definitely promise to lay on the table next Thursday. At- tention was then diceited to the griev- ances of a public works inspector named Francia Gunn, whom it had been found necessary to remove from the new law courts. Explanations were given which fully justified tbo action o£ which Mr. Gunn complained. In connexion with this matter, which in- volved the queBtion of plaBtering work both at the law courts and Government-house, Sir Bryan O'Logblen said that precautions had been taken to prevent any more accidents occurring in tbo ballroom at the latter estab- lishment through portions of the cornice falling on the floor. It was stated that the cornice had been securely fastened to the ceiling. A candidate for the position of jester to the LegiBlotive Assembly presented himself to notice of the House yesterday in the person of Mr. Deakin. His maiden essay waa not a success, and it ia to be feared that some time muBt elapse before the vacant poBt can be fitly supplied. Mr. Deakin's delicate sally was founded on the fact that Mr. L, Ii. Smith on Wednesday sub- mitted to " vaccination from the calf," in order to remove, BO far as such an act of voluntary sacrifice could do, the prejudice which exists in weak minds against the use of animal vaccine, The operation was per- formed in the forenoon, and Mr, Smith afterwards bared his arm in the House, and showed his wounds to five or six sympathetic members. It waa not expected that any more would be heard of the matter, at any rate until the vaccine had begun (to take effect. But Mr. Deakin selected a favourable moment yesterday for having a little sport at Mr. L. L. Smith's expense. "In order to allay the anxieties of the House," ho said, "will Mr. Smith favour us with a description of to-day's Bymptoms." Several hon. members laughed, and Mr. Deakin looked extremely gratified, whilst Mr. Smith took no notice of the question, and th Speaker called on the next business. It is understood that the ¡sane of the pro- posed circular to head teachers directin ; them to exclude children under the ago o six years from the state schools will bo delajed until the matter has received fuller consideration. The amount recommended by the Glen rowan board " for the destruction of property in the attack on tho Kelly outlaws at the Glenrowan Inn" was yesterday voted in th supplementary estimates, viz , £303. Representatives of the Melbourne Harbour TruBt waited upon the Commissioner of Trade and Customs yesterday morning, to ask if permission waa to be granted to the tniBt to deposit silt in deep water in Port Phillip Bay. They pointed out that the matterwaBone of great urgency to theTrast.as if this permission were not granted very Bhortly, the dredging of the Bunyip would have to be suspended. Mr. Graves Btated that ho intended to reserve his decision until he had consulted Parliament on the subject. He would take an opportunity of doing this so soon as the Harbour Trust Bill was before the Assembly next week. The Harbour Trust commissioners have applied to the Commissioner of Trade and Customs for permission to rent the shipping office building at the corner of William-street and Flinders-lane, for offices for the Trust. This building is practically useless to t! Customs department, OB only threo clerks a employed in it. Mr. Graves has promised take the proposal into his favourable com deration, and to inform the Trust in a fe days of the terms npon which they can tal possession of the building. A deputation from the National Agrici tura! Society, introduced by Mr. L. L. Smit M.L.A., yesterday requested the Minister Lands to give them a title either to the alle ment on the St. Kilda road, which thoy present occupy as a show ground, or another Bite in the Royal Park, which won be suitable for their exhibitions. M Madden declined to entertain oith proposition, bnt intimated that the Qoven ment contemplated purchasing 80 acn at the rear of the Flemington rae coarse, known as Bagotville, which won! be presented to the society if desired. Ti deputation cordially approved of the intei tion, and promised to submit the offer to ti council at the monthly meeting next Tuesda: and communicate with the Minister io mediately a decision was arrived at in ti matter. Mr.. Madden, in referring to tt advantages which would follow theestablisl ment of the show yards on the site indicate! said that the Minister of Railways had ii timated his willingness to convey visitoi from the Spencer-street station to tfa grounds for threepence per single fare. Some of the state-school teachers recentl urged the Minister to arrange that they shoal receive their salaries for December before th commencement of the Christmas vacation Mr. Grant communicated with the officers c the Treasury, with a view of ascertaining i the request could be complied with, but h has been informed that no alteration will b permitted, and that the officers of the Educa tion department must wait, as other ci vi servants ore required to do, until the begin ning of January for their payments. Messrs. Keys and L. L, Smith, M.L.A'e yesterday introduced a deputation fron Nunawading to the Minister of Edacatioi with reference to the purchase by the depart ment of the Church of England School am grounds at that place. They pointed out tha the premises were now leased by the depart ment, and that school No. 409 was esta blished there. It would be much moreadvan tageouB, they urged, if the departmen owned the property, and erected a new build ing to meet the requirements of the neigh bonrhood. Mr. Grant replied that as then were other schools ia close proximity to thi property referred to it was not desirable tha1 the purchase should be made. He would however, instruct the officers of the depart ment to fully inquire into the necessities ol the locality so far as regarded school accoin modation, and on receipt of their reports h( would decide upon the request of the députa1 tion. The lessee of the Royal Princess's Theatre, Sandhurst, applied to the Chief Secretary foi a renewal of the licence for that place, and the request was remitted to the Central Board of Health to be reported upon. Mr, S. Le Capelain waB instructed to inspect the building, and he has recommended that Beveral important alterations in the egress arrangements should be insisted upon before the licence is again granted. The exits from the gallery and pit are declared to be faulty, and facilities for enabling people to leave the theatre should a panic occur are also de- ficient. The Central Board will recommend tho Chief Secretary not to re-issuo the licence until the necessary improvements are made. The Public Works department yesterday accepted the following tenders :-New stable to police station, Chiltern, J, James, £0915a. ; new atable at police- Btation, Rutherglen, J. James, £9910a, ¡ repairs to post and telegraph office, Smythesdale, Thos. Lawson, £21. The Railway Department yesterday pro- visionally accepted the following tenders : For grubbing and clearing trues along the line of railway from Horsham to the shire boundary, Mr. J. A. Johnson, £30 13a. 4d. For the erection of o tank, &c;, laying of pipes, &c;, at Seymour, Messrs. Humble and Nichol- son, £331 15s. Od. For the supply of 0000 yards of 2_in. bluestone metal at Pakenham, Messrs. J. Moore.and Co., W18 IDs. For the erection of a telegraph lin'--jug the railway from St. Arnaud to Dónalo/''Mr. J. Younger, £59 15s. Tenders were also received for the supply of 2000 split posts, 4000 split rails, and 300 telegraph poles, to be delivered on trucks at any railway station between Bealiba and and St. Arnaud. No announcement was, however, made, as these tenders were re- ferred to the officers of the department for a report. Tfie board appointed to inquire into the condition of the Coranderrk aboriginal station had, another sitting yesterday, at which Mr. E. M. Carr, one of the members of the Central Board for the Protection of the Abo- rigines, was examined. He strongly recom- mended the aboli'ion of the Coranderrk sta- tion, and the removal of the blacks to Borne other locality. Mr. John Green, who waa at one time manager of Coranderrk station, but who has now no connexion with the Central Board, as strongly re- commended the retention of the station. Captain Page, inspector and under-Becretary to the Central Board, was recalled, and sub- jected by Mrs. Bon and Dr. Embling-, two members of the present board of inquiry, to a rigorous examination as to certain accounts of the Central Board. Captain Page showed a perfect willingness to explain the accounts, bat was not wholly Bucceasfal in his attempt, as Mrs. Bon and Dr. Embling ultimately de- clared thatthey were completelypuzzled by the figurée. Mr. Cameron, M.L. A, the chairman of the board, after a prolonged Btruggle with a number of the accounts, at last said that they were made out in a very unusual manner, but he thought he conld understand thern. Mrs. Bon subsequently produced a large file of bills for drapery aupplied to the Central Board on behalf of the Coranderrk Btation, and called on Captain Page to ex- plain for whom several of the articles, such as dreBs piecea ranging in price (wholesale) from 15s. 6d. to upwards of £2, had been procured. She averred that some of this drapery was auch as ladies in her position would buy for their own wear, and expressed utter unbelief that the fabrics in question had ever ooverod the baoks of any of the lubros at Coranderrk. Captain Page could not state offhand for whom the articles were procured, but promised to make inquiries. The board then adjourned sine die, it being understood that no more evi- dence would be taken, and that the chair- man would proceed to draw up a draft report for submission to the other members of the boatd. The frequent occurrence of accidents to gatekeepers on the Victorian railways has led to an effort being made to induce the Railway department to adopt, or at least test, some means for their prevention. One suggestion is that the gatekeepers should be relieved from the necessity of crossing the lines to open or shut the gates one by one. This, it is thought, could be effected by having the gates worked somewhat similarly to those at the Swan-street crossing, and Mr. Robert Savage has submitted to the department de- signs of a more simple arrangement, by which a gatekeeper would, by the working of a lever at any desired distance from the gates, open or close them simultaneously and in safety. The invention is under Mr. Elsdon's consideration. The Tariff Commission will visit the Geelong woollen mills this morning, and afterwards hold a Bitting in the town-hall for the purpose of receiving evidence on the sub- ject of the tariff in relation to softgooda. The members for the district have been invited to attend the commission during the inspection of the milla, and also at the sitting in the afternoon. The Victorian, Barwon, and two other mills will be viBited. Ia the evening the commisBion will travel to Ballarat, where arrangements have been made for an inspec- tion of the Ballarat and Doveton milla on Saturday, a Bitting for the purpose of taking evidence being arranged for the afternoon. i The commission will probably be represented. hy Mesure. Mirams tcbanrmaYi)V B'oaísl James, Longmore, Lorimer, Grimwade, 1 F. Walker, M'Intyre, Nimmo, Woodward, 1 Munro, Tucker, Gibb, and Zor. At the meeting of the Royal ioc'oty, la evening a letter waa read which was sigm Count Labawsky, and in which the writ states that he ia the proud possessor of 51 medalB, ¡a a member of 1,280 scientific ass dations, and has had the honour of lecturir before rojalty. He concludes his epistle w11 the request tnat he might be elected a memb of the Victorian society. As he had not bee nominated by a member, nothing was dor in the matter. A congress of science is shortly to be he! in America, and'the Royal Society of Victor has been asked to furnish papers or mernot from Victorian scientific men. A special meeting of the council of Trinii College has been summoned for to- day, I consider tbe following resolutions, whic appear on the notice-paper:-"L That tb council of Trinity College offer their emphat; proteat against the Roman Catholic Colles reserve being conveyed to the representative i of the Roman Catholic Church for an object whatever except a» a site for tb |. erection of a college to be affiliated to th University, as such a conveyance would be grave injustice to the other religious denom nations concerned, and a aertoire injury to th interesta of both the University and ita co! legee. 2. That the council entertain th strongest objections to acceding to the requee of the Government to allow of the alienatio of any portion of -the Trinity College reserv for the purpose of forming a road, as th dimensions of the reserve are only Buf&cien; for the futnre requirements of the college They would farther point out that it woul require a special act of Parliament to enabl tbe trustées to comply with the applicatioi made by the Government." An application was made to the Suprem Court yesterday for leave to appeal to th Privy Council againat the decision of th Court refusing to grant a new trial in th action of Smith ». Jffla. The Court granta the leave to appeal on the usual terms of th defendant paying the amount of the verdie given against him, and the plaintiff to giv Becurity to refund the money in the event o the decision of the Privy Council being ii favour of the defendant His Honour Mr. Justice Holroyd yesierda: gave his decision on an appeal from ajud_ ment of Judge Skinner, dismissing a debtor'i BummonB obtained by the Bank of Austral asia against one George Portch, a miller, o Benalla. Judge Skinner had held that thi bank bad not proved ita debt againat Portch Mr. Justice Holroyd waa of opinion that thi bank had established its claim againa Portch, and therefore allowed the appeal. Mr. McFarland moved for a nonsuit yester- day afternoon in the County Court in the case of Connelly and Wife v. Lennon, whicl was tried before his Honour Judge Cope anc a jury at the last sittings. A wall belonginf to the defendant had fallen down and broker the leg of the plaintiff, Mrs. Connelly. The jury gave a verdict for the plaintiff foi £160 damages. A nonsuit was non moved for, on the ground that negli gence had not been proved. Mr. M'Farland contended that no special duty waa cast upor the defendant in relation to the public II was necessary that the plaintiff should affir- matively prove negligence on the defendant's part. This had not been done, as the evi- dence showed that Lennon had exercised ordinary caution in the construction of the wall in question. Mr. Quinlan, who appeared for the plaintiff, urged that the owner of a building abutting on the street was bound to see that it waa kept in Buch a state of security that the safety of passers-by waa not endangered. One witess swore that he had noticed that the beams of the wail were decayed, and this was evidence ol negligence to go to a jury. His Honour Bait! he bad at the trial expressed a strong opinion that there was not sufficient evidence ol negligence, and he su'.r no reason to alter his views. The nonsuit would be allowed. A jeweller named R. Carter was yesterday sued in the County Court for the Bum of £6 by De Sterre Taylor, a bank official. The plaintiff had taken a pair of Btlver enamelled solitaires, which he had purchased in the French Court at the Exhibition, to the defen- dant's shop for the purpose of having them re-gilt. On their being returned to Taylor he discovered that the enamel had been de- stroyed. The defence was that defendant had told the plaintiff that the process of re-gilding might injure the enamel, and that be would not be responsible for any injury done to the solitaires. His Honour gave a verdict for the plaintiff for the amount claimed. Mr. Hood appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Fink for the dofendant. Detective Mahony arrested a man named Charles M'Cartby, the manager of the Boun- dary Hotel, Sandridge-road, yesterday, on charges of obtaining £10 from Meaara. Bell and Co. by means of a valueless cheque, and of wife desertion. The prisoner waa placed in the city lock-up, and will be brought before the court this morning. Detective Nixon has been deapatched to Blackwood to investigate the reported rob- bery under arma by two men at 2 a.m. on Friday the 2nd inst. The investigation has been proceeding for some days, but up to the present nothing haa been discovered to cor' robórate the report of Mrs. Foster. It baa been reported to the police that a eetof standard weights were Btolen from the Sandridge Council chambers some time during Wednesday night last. The whole of the dangerous dynamite, it seems, was not destroyed by Messrs. Newbery and Ellery on Saturday last. It has transpired that Bmall quantities had previously been despatched in the ordinary course of business to various parts of the colony, notably Heath- cote and Dunolly. To the former six cases were sent, and to the latter four. When thcBo facts became known, measures were at once taken to destroy the dynamite, and avert a possible explosion. Mr. Cosmo New- bery left town for Dunolly on Wednesday, and a private telegram received from him yesterday conveyed the intelligence that he was successful in destroying the consignment forwarded to that town. To-day he proceeds to Heathcote on a similar mission. Our Sandhurst correspondent's letter indicates that a visit to that city ia also required. A' lengthy and somowbat stormy debate, nrising out of a letter received from the Harbour TruBt, took place at the Footscray Borough Council on Wednesday night. Coun- cillor Campbell, a member of the Trust, asserted that the Messrs. Clark had been endeavouring to " boycott" the Trust, and he strongly condemned their interference with the new Harbour TruBt Bill. It waa at length resolved that the council would heartily co-operate with the TruBt, and assist tbem as far aa possible in making their bill law this BCBBion, if the latter would insert a clause giving Footscray two representatives in the Harbour Trust instead of one. The prizes won at the recent V.R.A. matches will be distributed by His Excel- lency tho Governor on Wednesday, the 21st inst. The customary arrangements in con- nexion with the attendance of volunteers will bo observed, and a notification from head-quarters appears elsewhere, At the Town-hall yesterday afternoon a fine performance was given by the city organist. The programme was made up as follows, namely:-1, Overture, "Der Frei scutz"; 2. Cavatina in D major (for the violin), by Sainton ; 3. The whole of the Cathedral scene from Gounod's "Faust"; 4\. Tho march "Giubilante," by Wilfrid Morgan ; 5. Oratorio selection from Handel's " Messiah," including the air, " I know that my Redeemer livetb,' and the great " Hallelujah Chorus." Amongst these selections the performance of the whole scene from " Faust was the most perfect in expression and the most finished m execution. The bazaar in aid of St. George's Presby- tery, Carlton, which was opened last week, has been a great success, and will be con- tinued until Saturday, in the Orderly-room, Grattan-street. Miss Joaephine O'Brien has kindly promised to sing this evening. 