OLD TIMES ON BALLARAT. No. 5. A QUEER CUSTOMER—“ONE OF THE OLDEN TIME." BY “SILVERPEN." Not many weeks ago I was burrying down Start street, and noticed by the London Chartered Bank corner a tall. military looking man, who, as I was passing along, seemed .anxious-.to speak,' bnt as l had business on hand tha -tinm/l waudd not bo detninodpbelieving 'mm the general appearance of the fellow that, I would have'/another opportunity of making bis / .“ \- same oight-I.attended' the Acidemy nf. Music, . atjd- just ■ as I rounded . tha corner bn my way home, I waa touched' on the shoulder by my anxious-looking man of the morpiog., Thera, v was no one under the Unlcbrb verandah atithe time; silence reigned Tat the Ballarat Babylon. Before rFind time tp lopk rottod;' si 'largjilpalt of dark *oyes"glared at me, and from under a'heavy' modsttcbe : issued the'/mandate/V w Haitit;’’; “Halli;"Baid 'i; “ What’s ii'pT Ts there anything wrapg,wnygood.man I”': “Don't call me ‘good; man/ Sergsant-major Silverpen,” said he. “ Don’t you kuow me ?” I confessed bis tabs %aa : familiar as an old Ballarat man, but fer theTtfe’ of ms I could not call to mind his name. “ Not, know Commander Bor, “ said' he, “ the officer .in charge, of the Ballarat * Roul'-em-buts, 1 ' formerly of the ‘.hone marines.’f; “Now, rf laid he, “aiuco.l have' told you honestly who Lam; yon must be carefuL how.-youT address me, sir. It you don’t mind your o’sand q’s, by Jonas’ ghost appearing nightly at the ■Mechsuics’ I’il wake ybri l-wlll, my pippiu-V . ,Tiu«;'4b'*iy the lesst of it, looked, lively, and I can assure those who rend, I was‘ : quickly about, and as sprightly as a freshly:: lesughtKsudccree perch:• " v -.-'IS- j By this time I had settled in my mind that tha fellow.’was'a madman, an escapee from’ Ararat or the Tarra Bend, and made up my mind to be as calm as passible under the cir cumstances ' until a ’’ bobby ” 1 hove in sight, although! must confess a shivery-shaky feeling creptjiver me,.for up time my ciptor stood before ine tike a military sentiuel with a good-sized blackthorn to bis right shoulder, as if be at some' period of bis life had carried*a sword as a soldier, and -op to ; the present had a lively recollection of his old life. ..., While I was, quick as thought, revolving' these'matters in my own brain, my strangely peealiar'rmilitaryjcompanion -kept muttering something about.” old times on the.flat,” and 'in'-V twinkling suddenly wheeled round and wished .to :know was I a “drilled man” On my replying in the. affirmative, he 'bawled.’ out in quick succession, and jerky, “ Attention! —shoulders square— 'head erect—cheat 'well forward—little fingers in a line with seam of trousers.—dress .by your /'right—eyes front 1 ” As X thought discretion the best part of valour, !, as an old volunteer, followed the orders given, and seemed “all attention"—very much so, indeed. “Silver pen," said he, “rim, over to the eamp,'and order' Sergeant Garden to turn out'the gilard.” I thought this was a glorious, chance to escape from this rjfle-corps-oQ.tbe.braia lubatio, .and instantly turned to go across the street. But ,I had reckoned: without my host. ” Halt 1” said = he;, “ no, Sir-ee, you don’t: If I allowed you to go Eason or Hyland .would’trip you up. 'before you got as far as the Post-office; or if you escaped their clutches, Bruce, the lock-up keeper, would collar you inside the fence, and, '.with: tha help'of Brendan, run you" in, qyvear* ing at the same time you were drunk.” “ Oh,” said be, “ Silverpen, the Ballarat police are cute fellowe. ‘ Why,-bless me, if Sub-inspector- Bahiugton hut knew that I_was he/ iwould have the whole army of ‘blue-bottles’ after me like qaickstioks. A fine fellow is Babington, a very fine follow, but a sticker for discipline, my boyc-a regnlar Major Wallace 'in his ■ way. Ton remember the major. ? Of coarse you do. . But come along, just under this gas flicker, where I can look straight at you while I give you my history. Don’t publish it, my boy, fur the sake of . old times, for.l give it to you on the square.” ' “Although we' are close to my friend Kirk’e, of tha Unicorn,”.said he, ’-‘.at this time of night we need not be afraid of the ‘Corner hoys’ troubling us, for they are all ; about now closeted in tlie back parlors of tha Club and Fussell’s,' enjoying themselves at an innocent game of whist, poker, or forty-fivea. .When .I .say , all, sir, I religiously- except ‘David’ and ‘John/ who, no and JU bt, are about now up to their eyes in Moody and Saukey, letting off steam, ia -their own peculiar way in the bosom of their families. Oh, Mr Silverpen, what' a queer, wicked ■ world this is, to be sure !” Glad of any excuse to get rid.bf tha fellow, I assented, and although tha “history” is a re-hash of an “ old yarn ” localised, I give the “ Madman’s Story” as he himself related it. He commenced, thus :r—“Many years ago, about the year 1854, 1 lived near the United States hotel, Main road/now Ballarat East. I assure you, sir, I .was then a happy man. I kept a general store, and my general store comfortably kept • me. When I brngei to my calico covered framed door of an evening, and„bid my. last, digging customer good night, I revelled in the happiness of home, sweet home. My bourne- wee wife, although naturally ' vain, was; nevertheless, happy and content, and no ambitious dreams of greatness disturbed my peaceful serenity. I sold, my pots, pans, pickles, and: sardines in peace and with great profit, and altogether was jolly in my little way, finding my existence as sweet as my own wild honey and treacle. But ‘Silverpen,’gsir, alack- a day 1 alas 1 alas! One fatal morning—allhough years ago, still to be remembered ; by ■ me with sorrow—the ‘ Gravel Pita'boys ’ brought a .requisition to' ,my 'store,' and requested me to become sW ,'didate .for/a .seat in the. Municipal Council.' (Here the tears rolled dowu poor Box’s face.) Figuratively : speaking, sir, by this seemingly kindly act of ’W. B.: Bodies and party, my ; crockery .was all broken, rmy treacle: casks were 'unhanged;. my best Britannia metal teapots were all. tarnished, and I, pCor victim, —well, never mind that just now, nevermind. “.Well,, air, to continue. • Elated, with the hbndur.ddne me by my {riecds, I|hied{away to my wee wile. Poor foolish lassie, she urged rac to contest.the elccliuu, as -it was the very thing she had set her -heart upon, and would, she said; give .me a status Jon Ballarat, and paVsibiy lead to a J.P.-ship,. or. something better; bat In airy case it' would give me an introduction to the beatsociety. ‘ Only think, John,’says she,’yod being writ.abonf in the Ballarat Tima and Star,- as- Councillor; John /Bax.’.. And ah ! the sly little puss, she nailed ..me, by the font that one day I might heedme mayor of the great goldfield,'BUlarit, and she mayoress. Ah ! sir, when-1 think bow that' woman did go on at me,- her tongue' going .all' the time like (he shuttle of a apiniiing jenny,' I am nut surprised that I yielded to her wishes. Then she drove home'her arguments with: such soft flattery thatthere waa .no withstand-' ing her. Poor dear, her tongue is now quiet: enough—up, in the"Ol3 Cemetery yonder, ~iwhere ocy old friend’Rattray keeps tbe'Weeda i ’ from choking tha primroses I planted on her: grave twenty years ago/ Well, Sir, as I was; aaying,-ahe| flattered 'me alter' ,tbis (style—; ‘ Look/' John, 1 ' triy ddar/’ ssya aEo, ‘ how you I have spouted at tho.teai and bun fights, and : how sweetly you proposed, .the votp r of thanks (o.the jadies presidedl at ithd -iraya, and how the young Golden Point larrikins made, boles in the earth floor of the .Gravel, Pita • sehtpel i-with'' their'; 1 Keels in ‘.their...y^’but enthusiastic efforts tqapplaud you/and how -the psalm-singing diggers: ilaughed kad the women smiled on'you. Oh 1 John,*, ssldshe, ’for my sake 'and'thatof pu'r.deai; “.-babbles" yet unborn, do be a -“ cduncil man." , Mortal paan, ‘Mr Silverpen’,.ponld not stand this sort of soft sawder. X 'told Charley Dyte, who ntxt.monthlg,att(hebealfdftbedepntf‘ tion, that I conienteditd ha-nominated, and the next week I was returned without opposi tion. From that period of my .life, sir, my missry oornmendid.' 1 -’- who qlpimpd.the hosour of woqiinating pie K '|nade c tdol'df me slid pulled ihe about like a puppet. : The towni: Miilha>ltand,l' > lycgfaed at : mB/atld wzota poetry -about noc.- ; |siH% ! Seenmpdt the ITima, and WilhVra df the Star 1 , tamed all Uf amort uyidgsat the ooadeil table into ridiculg; thq the Little peehive laid olaanol ih otHraligfimista —wt»t.attended tke e ,eotjmml : ; ra»sHi<a :(beK theh at tbe ,DiobMS of Xml hoUl)a£wbrt»; p waa tkaviiMt always kndw~; bn and' sang Usss :at' ths ’Chttlis'Hfpier and Monteauma;! pUyfc’saiil'T was a fodh anfl if I / didn'li dp übHMhAd’ mIP 'ine idihir'dap by | suction.dt my | IPfttW to'thi ' ignpranos. •The borough : statntM to Pae'wtre ai|reat a Vjrtaiy aaprob)«MitaßMUd,«ftdthiiray I Aimstruid/ ' .the ,-frara ;at> ’toy- nTal«, .Costin and.Rowe/and their. friende. Kvtn Tim Hayee.tha ran col-' !»fclorih«di qafet digAt rhewhenhodameti myVtora‘(or MddiqM andeoap.:,-,t 'V;'' «Bv-d*rii:«nd-bloo<doottld'»Undit no longer. .dinwntadTtheir aoofft, iaeen, ud ■fanlta. -I - wrald -have ;been unaptio (like little Wither*) had I’ the'wit," but Laving it not, .1 lost my temper* »nd ..tbua. exposed -ny; -ami •pbl£j 5 ta l 'tlie enemy.' I atlait became paiaonal in rmy .orations.:; DyU’i cutting re-' marks, beokad-np by ,my Bodier; - did' anything bat Poothe' me, and Jn place of gettiqg' the honour and respect I anticipated, I got netting bat abdae and deri \- aion. My wife, tob. arhote soaring ambition was thechiefoauaeof all my troablaa, was .even harder uponmethaumy opponents, -One night she: listened at the door of the roomi where we : ~met.; The ‘Ddohesi ’ invitedber there, to spend, the. evening and...drink ‘ gin . hatZ/She hesrd ma insulted ; her blood was bailing in her reins: ‘ She said.tbatl, her.lord and maater.'ehould.not ailbwthbaanaitymeh to ridicule me. - I had grown, smaller and a mailer in::her.-eyes.: ligrew mad (at this portion of. •the ’story Bo*- grasped me hj/thearin)-/-mad, ,sir.,; I .determined ' X 'would* ,bo revenged. Although on my way home: I turned round and ruaheddown to the Duchess ot-Eent, and found the opahcillon' .were having a } jolly time ot it over a bowl of punch/- Ho sooner was I in the room . than business recommenced. ’Before the -receas of 'ah hour fdr‘ refreshment the subject of debate waa a footbridge near’ Qrundya, the tobacconist's. --1 went in for, the' ’bridge.' My opponents; Daq'-Sworaey . the >nclioneer,- ’crooked-aecked laaaca the bhemiat, amd .Spencer. Wilson,.-went.dead. against me,, saying that ;! - wauted. to’ improve a little, ■frontage ■ block/ I had jumped hear Bell’s' Chinese/ newspaper office. . X . retorted by .telling Isaacs that bis great-great- grandmother Was my.paternal aneeator’s washerwptnanl He followed suit by saying bo never, was a counter’ juthperla boy and robbed’ his employer’s' till of twopence,’ It waa moved thatthe words.be taken down aoent hie great-great- grandmother. ’ 'lthenabbokiny fietiu hi* face. The fight then commenced,- and the chairman- declared the ' meeting adjourned. - - ' _ “I waa sued for damages forsundry libellous statements I bad made use'of in anger during 'debxtar.ta ther council/'and leTin'for" a tidy sum-bytha assessors,-who each received four guineas a day, together with Walsh and Dunne's law coats. My customers left .iny store, iny wife deserted me,-the public derided' me, and the bank squashed me. ,“I at once resigned. And here I am, at the sga of sixty-two, plain John Box, commander of. the Rout-’em-oute. Oh, sir, ’tie dreadful— truly dreadful! can go. home now,.‘Silverpen,’ bat before you do lend me half a,crown to drink your health in Murton and Leggo’s best. You .won’t ? -Well, you are—. But, never mind, here comes Carden, and, by my word, if he takes'me to-night I’ll have his stripes off his arm as sure ai my name"is Commander Box, and attach them temporarily elsewhere.'.’ With this be turned right about facs, and whan , I last saw him be was at Roger Evans’ bar, gulping down a pint of colonial, in a pewter. Up to the time I-writo I have seen no more of/the .commandant, whose queer story ;of old times in Ballarat is almost a fac simile of one I. read in the papers years ago, but evidently, as I before said,-.localised to bring in the names of many old residents who . dwelt ..on the Flat, when flig-poles and nuggets were plentiful, and bunting of air colours was kept always fluttering in the breez’. When De Saxe charged 10s fid for looking into your mouth, and another for. screwing out a molar. When Bradshaw, and S Imon, and Thatcher during the day, did a big “ biz ” in the gold-, buying line; and Dyte bought glasses at 2s 6d. a dozen, and sold them at 30s, and, as he says himself, “ Out of £96 received for leading out oroofc’-ry on the 4th of July bid £9O clear profit.” When- the soldiers paraded on the camp three times a day, and did the “ lobster flirtation ” business every night among the “grass widows.” When Muir Brothers and Davy Jones coined money out of shipments (bullock team loads) of dry goods. When cabhagc-tree tiles were retailed by the soldiers on thecampaa high us£3 each. When Humffray, O'Connor, David Fitzpatrick, and James Baker got up the frontage agitation, and all diggerdom:rejoiced,: and spent the “gilt,” like asses, in shilling drinks. No wonder, then, poor Box baa given it best, and taken to colo nial swipes. 