Metropolitan Gossip. By H. J. H. M. The scandal loving portion of our com munity have recently had two very interest ing cases to gloat over — a breach of promise of marriage, and a disputed will involving . large sum of money. My lady mends per ist on appealing to me for my opinion, but is I happen to hold views not altogether in iccordance with the majority, I invariably leclare that as I am not seized of all the tarticulars concerning one case, and the -ther being sub judice, judgement so far as [ am concerned must be reserved. The [amont will case is far to good a thing for he lawyers to let slip throngh their fingers n a hurry, and as the testator appears to taveleft his money to strangers, because he lad so little love for his relations, one can lardly blame the gentlemen of the robe for ihinking that one stranger is as good as mother. With regard to the breach of promise, one nay hazard an opinion, since the jury have jiven theirs and have backed it up with the respectable sum of £200. I refer to the case -f Brooks v. Smith, where a lady had to sue n^ier maiden name after being twice married. &s; particulars of this celebrated case have n all probability appeared in this journal, [ shall not repeat them here. What makes this case such a general subject of conver sation is the fact that one can never be quite sure whether one is married or -single. Mr. Coutts, no doubt, firmly believed himself bo be a benedict, till Mrs. Coutts discovered that he was a bachelor possessed of £600 of her money, and proceeded to quarrel with him for it. I can't say that I have much 'espect for a lady who according to her own showing divided her affections so evenly between her husband dejacto if not de jure and her lodger, and who was so willing to link her lot with either provided he would only submit to the necessary legal ceremony. Public sympathy is undoubtedly with Mrs. or Miss Brooks, and since she has that and £200 sterling, perhaps the lady will rest con tented as a femme sole. Really something ought to be done to asssimilate law through out Her Most Gracious Majesty's domin ions. It does seem strange that the sub jects of one of the most virtuous of monarchs should be trapped into a breach of the moral code, or be liable to be robbed of hard earned savings and turned adrift to starve or to go to a benevolent asylum in old age. A friend from Geelong has been giving me a glowing account of the increased commer cial prosperity of,,. the Pivot. I fancied Geelong must be looking up when I heard that a double line of rails was required from the Railway station to 'the wharf. Mr. John Woods was not so far wrong after all when he declared that the Colac line would pay when carried on to the border of South Australia. During the last season in addition to 45,333 bales of wool no less than 810,478 bushels of wheat were shipped from the port of Geelong, and no less than 91 vessels cleared out representing a total tonage of 38,082 tons. Being a resident of Melbourne I of course think there is no place like Melbourne, for all that I am not so blinded by prejudice as not to see that the interest of the colony demands that the metropolis shall not be allowed to monopolise all the trade. I differ from those who think that a city, town, or township should be subsidised with public money, that it may continue to exist, simply because it does exist ; but I do think that trade should be allowed to flow to its legitimate channels and not to be diverted to the capital. To my mind the farmer has an undoubted right to demand that he shall have a good road on which to send his produce to the nearest port, be it where it may, and as the iron road is the cheapest, the quickest, and the best, that is the road he should have when he asks for it. A yield of 9,363,956 bushels of wheat, the produce of the colony this season, in the outcome of a vast amount oi privation, patient endurance, energy, and enterprise, and those who have practised all these virtues, much to the benefit of the State, and very little to their own, are cer- tainly entitled to at least as much consider ation as well paid artizans, denizens of our big cities. A week ago we had almost made up our minds that the country was to have peace. Political lions, wolves, and jackals had agreed to compromise, so we were told. According to recent reports the most rapacious of these animals are not contented with the feeds they have had, but are determined to have more. To speak plainly the extreme Radi- cals in the Lower House are so desperately afraid that when a reform bill is passed their occupation will be gone, that they are likely to induce our vacillating Premier to turn his back on the olive branch now being held out by the Council, and instead of the Council being reformed, there will be another dead lock. Far be it from me to have the honour of being a prophet, when I can see only mischief looming In the 'distance. The Appropriation Bill is not passed ; the civil servants are unpaid ; and their butchers and bakers are clamorous and anxious. Nearly everybody expects to see the Land Tax Bill kicked out by the Council or amended in such a way as practically to mean the same thing. I believe Mr. Berry Intends to take his stand on the all round ten pounds fran- chise, and if the Council agree to that he will be hoisted with his own petard ; if not, "to your tents, Oh IsraeL" Do you, my good sir, ever read the lady's column in any of those journals which are so considerate as to devote 'a 'column 'to matters pertaining to the fair sex ? If yon do not you should do Bo. ' You will be both enlightened and entertain©!. Take tills- for instance — 'The fate'of parasols i& almost decided ; they are latge'in size and to match the costume in colour.'. Wfeo, L wonder, decided the fate of parascgtT: Old ... Solj ? one-v would suppose, since he settles the- question whether one is to nave a sun-strokeor require an ulster. Only to think that the wife of jrour bosom (that wife of who at you- are so proud) might have had the ? tip' of: her nose scorched till it resembled a drinker's, if the decree of fate had been for small-sized parasols. Marie Gouldband evidently knows next to nothing of hnman nature. With her a. woman is only a lay fignrej on which ' to hang so many yards of costly material, cut and trimmed till it becomes an abomination of ugliness, inconvenience, and eftpensive ness ; and only useful for promoting celbacy, throngh making (in the minds of a bachelor of limited means) a charming' woman Into a scarecrow. Of Frenchwomen Marie may know something, but one thing is certain she has never seen an Irishwomen. I mean an Irish lady, not Biddy the cook or Mary the housemaid ; andyei both of these could so ealighten her.' Here is' a speciamen of innocence—' One of the latest eccentricities of fashion irHhe adoption by ladies of an officer's gorget, ' We do not attempt to. explain this somewhat extraordinary taste for military distinction, bnt it is plainly - discernable among her elegantes.' What? Can't account for a woman's taste for military distinction ? Fie Marie ! You are a hopocrite* One more little bit of unsophisticated innocence, and I have done with Marie. ' It would be better, we think, If we must adopt of this article of Attire, at least to change its name so as to avoid unnecessary confusion, and give It a more lady-like nomenclature.' This suggestion it past a goak. Why, the thing is pretty in the eyes of beauties, only beeatlse it is 'manlike,' and would1 not be tolerated for an hour, under any other name. In the miscellaneous column of the Australasia*, of this week the disappearance of ghosts from Scottish moon Is satisfactorily accounted for by an old Scotchman! 'He says ' it requires Scotch whisky on the top of old ale to enable a man to see a, ghost really worth talking about.' Although we have not got any moors in this colony we have some lonely paddocks which ought to -answer the same purpose. A friend of mine a few nights ago plied me with enough whisky to enable a man to see fifty ghosts, and-'that too on the top of some good ale. I rode over some paddocks studded with ringed and leaf less gum trees, which looked ghostly and weird-like enough, in the moonlight. But I never saw the ghost of a ghost. Ah, I can tell you the reason. , The whisky was good, not raw spirit, but genuine 'Castle Blend.' You can bet your bottom dollar 'that neither a ghost nor a headache could be made out of a gallon of that whisky. Writing- of Castle Blend puts me In mind that this was the only Scotch whisky, which obtained the highest award atthe Melbourne International Exhibi tion. Such good liquor deserves a word even from a gossiping correspondent. Nihuxst Wombit.:— 'tJpon the active aid of women in the , Nihilistic conspiracies in Russia, a writer says :— 'T have often heard men say : ' The Nihilists dare fib much and accomplish so much only because they always have women by their side, encouraging and cheering them on. \ Ani jndeed,, women are found everywhere, side by side, with the revolationiste-inthe dariaestine journal, in the secret labaratory, in the factories among the working people; in the garb of the peasant women, and in that of the Sister of the Red Cross, in the Nihilist mines, Mid, alas, in those of Siberia and Saghalien. In the Czar's country woman ' is refused only, one thing — the gibbet ! Before we saw the Nihilist women, pistol in hand, firing at the police, or pasting the revolutionary procla mation on the walls of the crowded streets. Lebedoff in. a watch-house on a railroad, sitting on a box filled with dynamite, chat ing pleasantly with switchmen and mending a ragged cloak ; a beautiful young lady of twenty-two^Mdlle. Figner, nicely dressed.-' sitting in 9. handsome parlor playing for hours and hours on a piano, trying, ber best to drown the noise made by the printing press working in the adjoining room, and giving to her horrible krajock the countenance of an artistic family ; an Excellency's daughter Mdlle. Perpysy, day by day. watching of every stranger to the place where the Moscow mine was under way, and pnjling the underground belL thns warning the miners to stop work as often as she sus pected danger. All these women, well educated and highly connected, leave society in the primeof life for the gloomy mines, ahe dark forests, the deep and eternal snows of Siberia ; their vacant places will be filled by new recruits. Such are the Nihilist women. And the men? These too, in spite of all prosecutions, banishments,; executions, continue at their work. Their watchword is, ' Death for death, execntidn ' | for execution, terror for terror ? ' ' A Case of Repudiation-.— The followuig is from the World: — 'Duluth is a place ' way up' at the head of Lake Superior that was a city till the other day. But Duluth City got hopelessly into debt ; so it hassur rendel its charter, and goae out of bnsiuess as a city and lapsed into a village, by this simple proceEs^shaking itself clear of its debts. Whereat Duluth rejoiceth grimly. In the Ian* guage of a local paper, ' Duluth m holding its sides, and laughing ' fit . to kill1 at the ludicrous despair hi the.'bUrsted English' : ?.. men' who hold its bonds.' Where is the city?' clamours the bloated bondholder. Our gentle response is that its dwelling may t be where the woodbine twineth, or where the whangdoodle mourneth for its first-born, but' certainly is beyond the reach of an attach ment or a capias ad satig-faaendum. I hope the. bond holder appreciates grim humour.; it s^ems all he is likely to get from Dolufa for his money.1' ? On Friday week (writes Town, and OoutUry) the Duke of Manchester, accompanied by Mr. Loftusand Mr. W. Laidley, paid Mr. ' * Milner Stephen's rooms a visit, and sat there an hour, watching him healing some ladies and gentlemen of sundry diseases of long standing, aai amongst others deafness. His Grace thereupon asked Mr. Stepheu if lie thought he could cure him of deafness in one ear of 12 years' standing, which the Duke said had been caused by a fall whilst hunting, and which 6 id also affected one eye' '' to such an extent that he was Obliged to* use an eye-glass to bring it to the same strength of vision as the other. Mr. Stephen made the reply that as the Duke had witnessed Mo persons receive their hearing, whp by a curious coincidence had both been deaf the same length of time as his Grace, viz., 12 ' years, he might reaS3nably expect the same successful result. The Duke accordingly submitted himself to be 'breathed, upan,' and in about three minutes he put ilis watch to his' ear, and with evident delight ex claimed- 'that ' he bad not heard it .'tick* before for 12— aye, 20 years.' In another; minute he took up the* newspaper, to try his eye, saying £hat *' he could see much, clearer with It.' The Duke pressed Mr. Stephan to accept a fee, which he declined,- oi the ground that his GraceJiad. come as a viator, and he must allow Iriinflelf to be treated as such. The -Duke bad the opportunity of witnessing .-the phenomenon. o£ clairvoyance, —a little girl of 13 or 14 iaving examined' (with eyes dosed), two or, .three patients, about whose cases the doctors'' had differed, and the girl'a diagnosis appeared to satisfy each patient's eaasation. .. . . 