, " GHOSTS AND APPARITIONS." ' Sir Archibald Michie, Q.C., delivered a' lecture at the Town Hall last evening, on "Ghosts and Apparitions." The lecture was given by request, the proceeds being devoted to the hospital poor box, and also to church purposes. There was a large attendance, and His Excellency Sir Henry Lefroy presided. Amongst the audience were Sir Francis Smith (Chief Justice), Mr. 3 Justice Stephen, of Melbourne, and His Worship the Mayor (Mr. Alderman Harcourt), The lecturer commenced by asking was there any one in that company who had entirely outgrown his belief in ghosts ? If so, had he not lost something which had left behind it some regret The lecturer then proceeded to describe the sensations usually experienced by those who were superstitious enough to believe in the existence of ghosts. He next alluded to the superstitious fancies cherished by children and formerly by those persons of maturer growth, and dwelt upon the change in thought and belief which had taken place during the last two centuries. At every turn in life we were now exchanging sentiment for science, imagination for reality, palaces and castles in the air for slab huts on earth. Most people now found it not easy to believe in any ghost whatever. The causes which led to such a result were next explained. Sir Archibald argued that the simple and untaught mind impersonated, so far as it was able, every form of apparent power, while the taught man " impersonated" and abstracted and cross-examined that sublime and self-contained nature, which spoke to us only in hints of falling apples, and in flashes from summer clouds. Until man conquered her secrets, and got them into his books of natural philosophy, superstition would continue to transform and deform at pleasure. It was in that way that be accounted for the original material of ghosts twitches, and other supernatural agents. The learned gentleman then entered into a discussion of the theories and beliefs of well known authors who profess to be devout believers in the ghostly sort of manifestation. He pointed out that it was one, of the peculiarities of human nature that the more sensitive its members were the more susceptible they were to entertaining faith in the existence of ghosts. Such feelings were in many cases beyond the control of reason. Mrs. Siddons rushed in terror from the midnight study of Lady Macbeth, and flow upstairs from her own imagination and yet that element in her nature which made her do ' so, also made her the real Lady Macbeth on the stage, and conferred on her the power she possessed and exercised without knowing it, of drawing all human hearts from reality into diabetic and dream? 1 in J. The Omniscient had created us so, and we might be sure, wisely. It was perhaps at the, root of that faculty or spiritual appetite within us which seemed to be always crying out, " Onwards" and " Upwards We pushed on from the known to the unknown, and pursued the illimitable The lecturer next adverted to what Diuk'ons and Defoe had written about ghosts, and in speaking of these mysterious phenomena alluded'to'tho hypothesis, advanced many years ago, that there might be an unusual energy in a dying brain' which enabled its owner at the hour of death to appear spiritually to any relative or friend for whom the dying person might have had a strong affection. The 'lecturer having quoted a number of other authorities upon ghosts, favoured the contention that (ghost- seeing was a disease. It was shown in books how, as diseased brains recovered health, their apparitions began to fade j and, with convalescence, disappeared - altogether. They found too, how those ghosts which could be raised by brandy, could be dispelled by pills or blood-letting. The contention of Dr. Hibbert was next quoted. It was to the effect that the organs of sense (the optic nerve for instance) were the actual medium through which past feelings were renewed, and that when from extreme mental excitement, ideas had become us vivid as the original sensible impressions, this intensity to- j acted on the very organs the eye or oar-on I which sensation depended. Dr. Brewster had also ' expressed the conviction that when the eye was not exposed to the impression of external objection when it was insensible to those objects in consequence of being engrossed by its own operations! any object of mental contemplation which had been either called up by the memory or created by the imagination would be seen as distinctly as if it had been formed from the vision-or from beholding 1 real object. Sir Archibald enlarged upon that phase of the question in a most Tooth vo way, and next dwelt upon ancient and modem testimonies of the appearance of ghosts. Willi the foundation of Christianity, the lecturer said, ghosts abandoned all their old classical tricks, hut as corruptions began to grow in the Church ghosts seemed ready to enter into partnership with the clergy of any denomination. Reference having been made to Slialcpoatoasanauthor who had written iibontghoats, Kimo attention stars also bestowed upon what Wits in former years designated witchcraft, and the number of persons who wore saoriu'oeit because they were supposed to be witches. The lecturer otnicludiiil by referring to the present ago as being one of much greater enlightenment. Had those present lived in the times to which he had just directed attention, they would doubtless, in action and in thought, have more or less conformed to those times and that the present generation were as they were, consisted principally of this, that they lived in the nineteenth instead of in the seventeenth century and that they iuhentod-for which they should feel thankful the accumulated wisdom, truth, and, he hoped, spirit of toleration from the doings and suffering; of the generations that had gone before them, to be transmitted with further increase, if the present gene ration did their duty in their own brief span of time to the genera tions to come. At the conclusion of the lecture, which occupied upwards of an hour in delivery, and during the course of which the lecturer Man frequently applauded, villas of drinks were on the favour of Mr. W. TAI11.L10S-. careful to Ilia Escuder ey for presiding, and to Sir Archibald for the instruction and entertainment he had afforded the company, I ADVICE TO MOTHERS Me you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth Î Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately, It is perfectly harmless, and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub ' awakes " as bright as 0 button." It soothes the child, is it softens the gums, allays all pain, ieliovc(.,wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for , dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from tMthiof or other MOVE. Mrs, Winslow's Soothing Syrup is j sold by mtdicuM desires everywhere at U. lift, yee. , 