anlfr nn rý il'kd8. it THE MYSTERIOUS CASE OF, NY :FRIEND, BROWNE. i -. How:bitterly cold it ~as in New York on ti thevening 'of the 4th of }February, 18711 m I vas `sitting in front of a snug coal fure in my cozy little library in Washington Square.' s I am somewhat inclined to be what is call h a bookworm: I love with my whole heart 9 whatever is old, quaint, and musty in the way of books. They are fascinating to me in propertion-as they are ancient,-a3 d pos ecrsed of that peculiar smell characteristic of " antiquated bindings and worm-eaten paiper. TWhat other merits they may possess.-sl a matter of indifference to me. To be accept able they must be old. On this especial evening my happiness was complete. During the (lay I had determined to brave the winter wind in search of some new antiquity of literature- something that should be exceptionally ragged, obscure and aroinatic. Accordingly, I betook myself to my favorite resort in such emergencies--the old second-hand book-store in Ann street, and, after ransacking about for a while. I hi Supon what seemed to be a number of old,' decayed letters bound up together, and pro tected by a time-worn leather cover. Here was aprize indeed . With trembling eagerdess I minquircd te 'price, and felt -offended almost at beinog told it was ten' cents ! Willingly would have given a hunn dred times as much, had it been asked. But :I reflected that swine were always prone to trample upon pearls, and paid' my ten cents in silence. Then, placing my purchase care-: fully in my innermost breast pocket, I hur ried homewards through the biting wind. Supper over, I ensconced myself in my big easy-chair, and prepared for a campaign into the realms of antiquity. My centre, as al. already hinted, was protected by a glowing fire, my right flank defended by my last half bottle of rare old port wine, my left wing strengthened by a time- honored pipe of fra grant Latakia, and my rear brought up by a judicious arrangement of cushions and springs. Everything being ready, I drew forth my precious budget, and the campaign bean. After a little general skirmishing and re. connoitring, in which long practice and ex-5 perience had rendered me an adept, I begani to gain an insight into what had at first glance appeared somewhat involved. The papers (consistingof copies of letters and ex-' tracts from a journal) contained a story of three individuals-two men and a woman-' who lived about one hundred and fifty years ago. One peculiar circumstance was notice able, which considerably added to the obscu rity of this tale-all the proper names had been omitted. A blank space was left for each one. Even the person (a friend, appa. rently, of the chief actor in the drama) who had copied and arranged the original letters and papers;:was as nameless as the rest. But by dint of inserting initials in these blank spaces, and noting down here an event an there a datL gradnuayarrivediionI to S" ' i?~- vrseti- , en'ya man; M- , "'iasisidiiigin the vicinity of what was then the flourishing town of New York. He was an enterprising and successful young farmer, who, barring the fact that he was an orphan and unmarried, wanted nothing to complete his felicity. It seems probable that the very fact of his having so little to desire put it into his head that he needed 'a wife-some one to take charge of his household affairs, receive him with a kiss and smile on his re. turn from his day's work, and bear himchil dren, who should transmit his name to ps terity. Such an one he believed himself to have found in the person of Miss H- , a young lady belonging to one of the best fami. lies in the neighborhood. The parents, well to-do people, readily gave their consent to the young farmer's suit ; she herself seemed to favor him and reciprocate his affection, and everything seemed to prophesy a speedy and happy marriage. At this point B- made his appearance on the scene. He was at this time a lawyer of fair standing and repute-young, good. looking, and, for those days, well versed in the arts and usages of polite society. Re tained as counsel by the H- family in a lawsdit, on its termmination in their favor, he gradually advanced from the position of legaladviser to that of a trusty and intimate friend; and in the heart of one at least in the family he seems to have stood higher still. One morning M- came down to New York, went to the jeweller's, and bought a handsome gold ring, which he purposed pre. senting to his mistress as a pledge of their approaching union. But that union was des tined never to take place. On reaching her house he found everything in wild confusion -the young lady had eloped the night pre vious with the traitor B- , and no one knew whither. M- returned to his farm moody and sullen, and from that hour was an altered man. The ring which the false hood of Miss H- had defrauded of its original purpose, he wore always thereafter around his neck and next his heard; and, surely, if there be poison in the evil passions and unhallowed emotions of the human soul, we can almost believe them to have hardened into the gold and chrystallized into the gems of that engagement-nng. Meanwhile B- and his wife found little difficulty in obtaining the forgiveness and favor of the H- family; and at the decase of the old people they inherited half the estate, the remainder going to an only son, at that time absent in Europe. M -, however, kept entirely aloof from them until the time of his death; but shortly before that event he sent to B- a letter profess ing forgiveness, and a desire for reconcilia. tion, and enclosing the engagement- ring as a pledge thereof. But for whatever reason made, this pledge seems to have been insin cere; for, of the same date, is an extract from M-'s journal, containing these words : \- "Being nowe sickepast hope of recoverie, towardB-, himselfe and his posteritie for ever; and I pray God that my Revenge be fulfilled to the Uttermoste-yes, at the Perill of mine own Soule I Amen." These words, dreadful in any case, but doubly so-as coming from-a dying man, closed the collection. A note, written ap parently by S--, the compiler, added that M- had been buried in Trinity church yard, and that the tombstone above him bore this inscription In memory of -- Y--- WTho died February 6. i71. Requitcat in pace. Ilaid down the manuscript, poured out a glass of wine, and sipped and pondered. The omission of all the names puzled me. What object could the papers have been collected for, unless to record a vow of vengeance, and the cause which led to and justified it:? Yet,' without the names, was it not void of all sig. nificance? True, the omission had probabhy greatly incrased the chances of the manu-' acript's being preserved through so many years; but preservation at the expense of identification seemed objectless. On the other hand, was it likely that M--, at the moment of dissolution, would have prayed for vengeance on his enemy, even at peril of his own soid,' and have caused the prayer to' be written down, without any purpose what ever Decidedly not! How he had in tended or expected his revenge to be accom lished was beyond my comprehension; per apS hedeemed the nng asort of talisman, a blng his disembodied spirit to haunt the wearer, I finished my glass of port and set it down. A little wine always makes me the imfaginative. ' se While debating whether to light a fresh Ine pipe or my bedroom candle, a loud ring at sin the door.bell settled the questidn' for me. an, "Who the deuce inn be coming here at this| Mi time of night !v grnnted, rubbing my yes y inl and yy iing. 'A Aknock at the door heralded mc thenteancaof my friendBrownie. I)had not thi seen liim'for a week oi tvo, but he'could not I co have changcd more in'as many years. I was g gl quite startled at his appearance. ti "Good Heavens, Browne !' I exclaimed, h "Why, you look as if you'd seen a ghost !'" M Bi6?wne-tadia;'indo'ol?ld:'st: n fo-I s'l moment; then he dropped into my easy- m chair (from which I had incautiously risen th togive lim: welcome),:lcaned. his elbows, on ar his knees and his head on his hands, gazed m gloomily into the fire for a few moments,. and tlhen said, in a low, awe- stricken voicel A very different from the usual brisk, lively: e tone: - " t "And so I have, Simpson !" I was completely unnerved. Until this evening I had kinown' Browne as a rising B young barrister, clever; sensible; and always i in good spirits. The idea af such a man as he coming in suddenly and deliberately at C that hour of the night and oleminly assert. s ing that he had seen a ghost, was enough to re unnerve anybody. I was at a loss what t' to say, and therefore said the very last thin t I meant to: I asked him to have a glass ofl wine I. : Browae, without a word, filled my glass to the brim, drained it, filled it again, and! i drained that, looking all the while as if he were going to be hanged. But I began to' look rather serious myself then. "Simpson," said Browne, abstractedly, again gazing into the fire, "I shan't blame I you for being incredulous.' I should have' been myself-if I hadn't seen it with my own: eyes." I began to feel a little nervous, I think. h Browne was a larger man than I, and if, as I| believed, his mind was affected, he might be.a come violent at any momcent. I felt that the wisest course would be to humor him. d "Of course," I said, "that alters the' : cv ase. n Again Browne fixed his eyes on me, and n nodded silently. How pale and strange he looked. Again he took the bottle, filled the glass, and drained it. Positively it was be , coming unpleasant. Wine was the worst ,t thing for any one in his condition, and- there were not more than three glassfuls left in the bottle. _ "Don't you think," I began, "that you'd better-" s "I will," exclaimed Browne, abruptly; "and as brief as possible: it happened in u; this way. You know I was engaged to Miss Hd Hammill. Well, I went down there the' sr other day to give her the engagement ring. .It was a queer old-fashioned thing, that I ho found in a secret drawer of a desk that had a belonged to some grea t-greatgrandfather of mine, but handsome enough, for all thlt.. ,k o wit sweet and lovely she looked as she put her hands in mine, and . r.omised me that as long as she lived she would renmain true to the giver of that ring I And yet, even as she spoke the words, it , seemed to me she shuddered convulsively and turned pale; and, at the same moment I felt a sudden chill and horror at my own n heart. But we both shook it off, whatever it was, and parted as usual, except that when I kissed her I could not be sure whether I it had really touched her lips or not. 1 "I must say, Browne," remarked I, for my nervousness was beginning to pass off, and I felt sleepy, and in no degree inclined \- to listen to a lover's rhapsodies, "I don't see ,. anything in all this to warrant you in-" oI did not finish my protest; I was too a much engaged in watching Browne fill and i. drain another glass of my port. I resolved , . not to interrupt him again. S"When I called the next evening," con d tinned he, "I noticed a change in her at once. I know not how to describe it. It was not so much that she was cold to me, as that she seemed chilled herself. Her Saffections, her emotions, appeared in a r manner paralyzed. She seemed to elude my grasp, so to speak ; I couldn't reach her; I felt as if some nameless, impal. pable, hut insurmountable barrier had a grown up between us since the day be. e fore. And several times I turned around, , under the impression that somebody else was in the room. - Her eyes wore a kind of sad, hopeless, distant expression, as if she felt r that some one or something were taking her away from me. Yet still she wore the w ring on which she had sworn to be true to the a giver; but I saw her look at itonce, and it may have been my facicy, but I thought she shivered, and grew paler than before." "Nothing but a headacho on her part, and indigestion on yours, depend upon it," growled I, forgetting my resolution. But Browne didn't take any wine this time. He e only sighed heavily and shook his head. "The next day=-yesterday," he went on, "I resolved to call early, take her out to walk, and trust to open air and exercise to set every thing right; for I could not, would r not, believe that my impressions of the day before had been anything hut a morbid fancy. I felt quite reinspirited, and walked rapidly along up Fifth Avenue toward her house. She lives, you know, corner of the avenue and Fifty-first street. ' I had reached Forty second street, when I caught sight of her about a block ahead of me, and walking slowly in the same direction. She walked as e if her life were ebbing away from her at every f step; there was an indescribable droop and languor about her, so different from her usual springy step, and bright, cheerful manner. But Ihardly more than noticed her; for, walking by her side, apparently talking to her, I saw, as plainly as I now see you," said Browne, raising himself to an upright posi tion in his chair, and looking fixedly at me, "lI saw-It !" "'It!' Why, what on earth do you mean, t Browne ?" cried I, feeling cold chills run down my back and creep into the calves of 'my legs. . "The stout, burly figure of a man, with a high- crowned,broad-brimmed hat,andmasses of rusty hair falling onitsshouldeis. It was clad in a cloak of dusky gry, and wore knee breeches and stockings of the same colbr.' It stalked along the pavement in clhimsy high heeled shoes, in a manner that would have been ridiculous, had I been in any mzood for laughing." S"I should have felt in a mood to kick him into the street I" declared I, valiantly. But Sthere was something in Browne's manner thuit made me a little doubtful whether I would havedone so, afterall. He continued; with-I out heeding my interruption : "It struck me as cspeciallystrange that, Snotwithstanding the great peculiarity of the Sfigure's dress,manner,and general appearance, and though it was broad daylight and the I avenue well filled, no one seemed to notice or I even see it. Even Miss Hammill, Ifancied, did not realize its presence, though she was Scertainly in some way impressed by It. She never looked at or appeared otherwise con scious of It than as hearing, orratheifeeling, what It said. Occasionally she would wince or shrink, as if its words were blows and i stabs; and at such times the figure would nappear vastly amused, throwing back its ]read, raising its hands, sad contorting its burly form, as if indulging in an immoderate t of laughter. L "By this time I had gained considerably on them, but was puzzled to observe that, although I had all along kept my eyes steadily fixed on the strange figure, I could *not see It as distinctlyas when further off. The sun still shone brightly, and the air was as clear and cold as ever; bat the outlines of I the shape were blurred or undefined, as if form seen out of focus through a telescope. The line nearer I approached, the more indistinct and yet shadowy did Itjappear. though still I was still aware tiaiat'It 6ostiulsd to strido'ilong by no I Miss, Hanmmill's side, over and anoni break- Gra ing forthl into fresh ebiillitions of Tgly merri-. the meont. Nearer yet I came, until no. more tool thai twentypaces. seprated us, and now I u 'could' distinguish notling save'< 'k?ind of ea gloomy shadow that seemed to hover along off; the pavement. In a few steps more this, too, had vanished; and when I came up with nov Miss Hammill, I was only conscious of a wit 'subtlo- influiin`oin'the air;:? I felt again that the mysterious chill of horror at my heart- ,and I,.' thoighlI W i s'walking'lBesids" h'er,'and her'fell am was inso mine, she seemed immeasurable as. Bromno paused and drew a deep breath. fan As for me, I felt the cold chills worse than onl ever. I poured out a" glass of wine with tor trembling hand and drank it hurriedly. It was really a very cold night I .: ... I. "Under such circumstancees, continued n! Browne, '"it was not strange that our greet- At ing was quiet, .almost, formal. I knew sihe sp was aware, of an evil presence, as well as I. i., Could she have been separated from herself, mi she might have seen It; as it was, that wad asr reserved ,for me only. But we both knew1 sic that, even at that moment, It was there-be- Ca tween us, around us, exerting some malignani let : spell over us, to separate, perhaps destroy us. ,h And why should It have power to injure us gr s thus? Had she not sworn on the ring to be A I true till death to the giver? Was notIthe tn a giver ? Yet she was lost to me, and I could of Sfeel the ring upon her finger, as lermnd h rested in my arm: it seemed to burnand at sear my flesh, as if it had bcenheatSd in hell t e1 fire. te "So we walked onward, pretty much in n silence, and soon reached her hous. I bade lc her facrewell on the door-step,' foa I had no; at heart to enter, even had she invited me. st 'I You have been alone all day?' I asked her, it as I turned to go. 'All alone,' replied she, ti e' in a sad, far-away voice. 'I'm always alonea now, except for my thoughts ;' and then she ci es shivered, and shrank into herself, as it were ti from a stab. I left her standing there, and d d turning as I reached the end of the block, she fl is stood there still ;butol, horror I by her side f ae stood again that gloomy, fantastic simpe, ii cwith high-crowned hat and dusky cloak,!` st tossing its arms about, and actually caperinga \- with ghastly jollityl As I gaze l, horror ft stricklen, the door opened, and she passed in and disappeared; and the mysterious figure, 'd turning toward me, took off ts hat with a flourish, and made me a low, moc -obeisance : ; then, with a parting wave of thd hand, It'r in stalked in after her. I knew that It and I I as would meet again; but something in my ie' heart told nme that I had seen the last of g Alice HIammill." I "But, Browne," said I, in a low, remon-. ad strating tone (why would that closet door of keep creaking so !), "that was only yester e a day-in the middleof e the afternoon-a healthy, sensible young fel-'I he low like yo--talk of your seeing a ghost rd Come, now, say you were fooling Browm 1 laugh it off. Heaven knows I would willingly. a it have given half a dozen bottles of my best ly port- wine to have seen him join in, min his SI usual hearty fashion, and acknowledge it was *n all a' hoax. But as I looked at him my laugh cr died away into a very questionable quaver. ' ;n He didn't look at all genial. t I "I reasoned in the same way, Simpson," 1 said he, " after I reached home. I found that or my recollection of the weird figure, though f, vivid enough, seemed more like the memory. id of a vivid dream than of a reality. Having r se escaped from its immediate influence, I per-' a suaded myself it must be some extraordinary c so mental br optical delusion ;.and I went to id bed, resolved to see whether a good night's a rd rest would not aid in dispelling it. "I woke this morning feeling fresh and I a- strong, and determined to see Miss Hammill g it at once, tell her all my fears and fancies, and [t prove to myself and her that it was all a e, wretched deiusion. So, havingeaten a hearty er breakfast at the Fifth Avenue hotel, Iset off, a and in a quarter of an hour stood on the door Ie step.. I rang the bell, and the servant ap. sh peared. . " "' I want to see Miss Hammill. Is she d in," is "' Yes, Sir,' returned the man; ' but she's i 1, very bad with the headache, and can't seeno' a as one. The doctor says as how she's out of t 1, her head, Sir.' ' It "' Do you mean to say she's insane!' cried ii g I, with a terrible throb of my heart. y i "' Not just that, Sir,' replied he; ' but he ie says she must be kept quite quiet, Sir, for v it several days; and, more especially, not see I ie any one she cared for, Sir.' , o "I turned away, sick at heart, and at that a d moment I felt again that nameless, creeping v chill, as if some unholy thing had brushed I it past me. Impelled by a dark foreboding, Ir e looked down the street, and there, standing' clearly defined in the crisp winter sunlight, , I sawrthe Tling again." b 0 "What! this very morning!" gasped I, -t half expecting to see the grisly phantom rise Id up between us. "Oh, not this verymornig, y Browne?" But it was no use. r "This morning," repeated Browne, "about I ly eleven o'clock. " It stood there beckoning to e. me impatiently, as if to follow It. It stamped ie its foot imperiously, and pointed down the pr avenue. And all at once a wild passion took or possession of me. Therestood the Thing that r g had destroyed my happiness, blighted my p is love, perhaps purposed to deprive me of life y itself. My whole soul rose up in hatred and d defiance. I burned to rush after It and al grapple with It, though death should be the r. forfeit of. the struggle. I did not care for' r, death, if I might have revenge. And there o It still stood, beckoning to me.' I sprang id down the steps, and then a ghastly chase i- began." "Good gracious, Browne !" exclaimed I, I piteously; "you don't mean to say you ran a, after It?" But he did not hear me-I don't in think he knew I was in the room-so absorbed of was he in the recollection of his dreadful ad venture. S • The figure stalked on in front of me," : ss said 'he, "with long, easy strides, once in a us wlhile cutting the most grotesque capers,' .flinging out its legs, and flourishing its ars 3s at abroad. 'It was always about sixty yards b ·. ahead, and I found it impossible to lessen e this distande. But the faster I walked, the ir better pleased Iteemed to be, skipping with b frantic glee along the froven pavements, and s ever and anon half turnin round to motion it meonward still more rapid y Stop I could it not i I was drawn omvnward by an irresistible d power that no will of mine could modify or i. overcome. But I had no desire to pause; my own heart drove me like a goad. t, " As we kept on I noticed that no one saw e the fantasticphantom, though, as It passed; men and women would shudder and turn 0 e pale, and draw their winter cloaks more r closely about them. But as our speed in , creased, I observed them stop and turn to ' look at me as I passed; and no wonder ! I e must have presented a strange spectacle, t . hurrying onward, with bloodless ps and it face, and fixed, straining eyes. But, so they a; e did not stop me, it was.little I cared for P d that. 1 d "On we went, faster and faster! .We h: a passed directly under the windows of. the F a Fifth Avenaue hotel, which I had left on my e way up sot half an hour before.' I was dimly ci conscious of the crowd beforo the door, of the st Sstage waiting~for its passengere, and of the C big clock- standing on the side walk; but ti' everything seemed like a dream, save only th Srthe hstyshadow that still stalked before th Sme with ever-increasing pace . B " s. " We crossed the square,"and now we a were on Broadway, The dusky shape glided c forward with easy speed, holding a direct line through the hurrying crowd. Faster th yet ! My breath began to come hard, but still Ikept on; I was under my own control c. no lonber. Union Square ias passed, and fri Grace 'Church wasclose at 'liand. Torning .m tile corer; tile figure paused a moinent and in looked around, and I tltuglStI could disti. to rush an evil lecr ovCrsirCadingrits pallid of ftres; theu''it Waved its anros, and was tic off apain. "iho whole stretch of lower Broadway i, now lay before us, filled from side to side be with its endless stream of human beings, and si the roar and rattle of horses and carts. -But ti, I,. by virtue of .my.ghostly companonship,. di 'felt as far removed andt! isolated from' them, en as.if I were beholding. them from another .oirld "All tlht wais most 'idininiolipllcei and familiar seemed weird and strange, and the sc only reality for me was the dreadful phan- 0 tom that still led me on. " At the farther extremity of tholong road II I could noir see the spire of Trinity Church,; outlined against the clear blue morning sky. tl At the same moment we quickened' our speed ; my guide seenied to flit like a pass. n ing shadow over the crowded sidewalk. His 1 merriment also appeaxud' momentarily to in erease; he was now inca continual convul- e sion of chuckling laughter. On we rushed I i Canal street was passed ; -the City Hall was a t left behiiid'i and at last the railing of Trinity d churchyaid. appeard,l.'with the ,lustering ii e groups of tiue.worn gravestones ?lchind it. 3 d And then the strain that had been drawing 1 d ns onward ceased at once, like the snapping t I of' i'coid, and Ircalzced for the first, time 1 how weak and exhadsted I was. But still I I staggered onward: I would see the end, i LI though already half suspecting what it was I to be. - I n "I reached the gate of the graveyard and c .e looked through the bars into the inclosure ; 1 0; and there,sittin on a gray, crumbling head s. otone, leaning vwith its head onits hands and r, its elbows on its kniees, I aw'it for the last e, time. It looked at me with an awful leer; o' a sombre shadow fell about it, which the ie cheerful sunshine could not penetrate; but re the eyes of the mysterious figurc emitted a id dusky, phosphdrescdnt'glare, illuminating its se features with a pale, unnatural light. The le face was that of a corpse aliPedy mouldering e, into its native earth, and as I looked it k, seemed to crumble graduilly away; the ig slmdow. grew duskier, until only the phlios ir phorescent gleam was visible; then that too i aded, an icy gust of wind swept through the re," church-yard, and I heard the' clock strike a noon. : As Browne concluded he sank back in his It' chair, and began to shiver as if in an ague I I fit. At such a moment all personal consider ny ations give way to to the exigencies and im of pulses of the moment. I poured out the last glass of wine in the bottle, and myself n-. forced it down his throat. Anything was ior better than' to see-him thus; and he had er- adh I , rcseno of the ghost always fln to r ? nslderddring ! But I was resolved to believe myfriend insane, or dying, or any. of thing else,. in preference to putting faith in el-' the awful vision he believed himself to have i, "Come, come Browne vonu're ick, and ;ly-'stoutly-.- ly 'W tl-?itf- to:ui-g?ty a if st you aren't better to-morro, w'l have the tis doctor here." as Thewine seemed partially to have restored gh Browne's nerve. ' He sat up and gazed at me er. with a dead, hopeless expression in his eyes, that did not look much like improvement He shook his head when I repeated my in. at vitation. gh "No, no," saidhe; "I must be off. I ry shall leave here next Moiday? and shall' ag never come back. Alice is de al-to me, at r-' all events. , Here," he added, handing me a ry card-" there's the inscription an the grave-: to stone : I copied it down after-.' And here's 's an old piece of 'paper, in which I found the ring folded up. It has sonime writing on it, I ad believe, and may explain something : you're ill good at that sort of thing. Good-night,!" id And before I could speak a n he was gone, a and I saw him no more.. On the card was ty written: if,, In memory of Tnoos luanns7, , Whodied Febrsary e, t7l. ' . Rlequiescat in pace. "Rather a satire on the old fellow, .that s 'requiescat in pace,'"' commented I--"that is, if Browncshould turn out not to be a lu-In 's natic I" The paper he had given me was old ao and yellow, and the writing on it appeared of too illegible to puzzle out that night. *So, resolving to see him the next day, and talk ;d it all over in a sober and sensible way, I yawned and retired. he That night I had a very vivid dream, in' or which the marvellous story related to me by ee Browne was in some way mixed up with the old manuscript I had purchased in Ann at street. I imagined that all the blank spaces ag were filled out, and with the names of ed Browne, Alice Hammill, and Thomas Mur I ray, I myself figuring as the copier and com-. a piler of the whole. With the first light of day I sprang out of bed, the influence of my dream still strong upon me, and rushed into my study after the manuscript. There it lay on the top shelf of my book-case, where I had placed it the night before; but a jar of some chemical tt liquid, which' I remembered to have seen standing around ever since I was a boy, and, which I had been told was an heir-loom in e our family for many generations, had fallen ak over on it and broken, and the liquid had at run out and deluged the manuscript com pletely. With a sigh for the sad fate of the Sjar, Itook down the papers and opened id them. The sight that met my eyes made me feel e as if the roots of my hair were alive and or moving I All the blanks were filled up with' re names, written in a pale, reddish ink ; and, 'g they were all exactly as I had dreamed they se were. Thomas Murray was the young far mer whose life had been blighted by the i lawyer, who was none other than Browne L himself I while the lady who had caused all it the trouble was Alice Hammill ! And-yes! I was there too I My name was signed to the note appended- to Thomas 3lurray' ,, ayer for vengeanc-" John Simpson in a "Now how the deuce," soliloquized I,' "did those names get written down there ? i They certainly weren't there yesterday. Ah I here's one only half' written I How's that? a Ah !" I exclaimed,' drawing a long breath of aC relief, "I see now I Sympathetic writing,' Sby Gesre' and it'was the old jar of chemi canls brought it out r" \- 'Such-was the fact. One of 'the names, le written'near a corner of the paper, had parz or tially escaped being wetted by the liquid in the jar, and that part which had escaped fnas invisible, whilc the rest presented the same vpale reddish tinge as the others. In this; likewise, I sa the explanation of the exist ence of the jar in our famiily during sd many . years. Doubtless my old.ancestor, John .- Simpson, whcn he wrote the names in sympathetic'ink; had provided himself with the reingent to be used when needed; and the occasion not arising during his own life, d it had passed down from one generatioi to another, until all remembrance of its original Spurpose had been' lost : fortunately, how ever, it had not itself been so forgetful, but had sacrificed itself to duty precisely at the e proper time. y This.turn of affairs, though decidedly ex. y citing, sabstantiated my friend Browne's e storytoo completelytobe altogethcrpleasant. Comparing ts copy of the tombstone misrip t tion with that in the msneseriat, 'I foond y them word for word identical. I next be Sthought myself of the piece of paper which Brorwne had found with the ring. On. ex. Saamining it Idiscovered it to be neither more I nor less than the original of Murray's letter to Browne, profesaing reconciliation 1 Really, things were becoming disagreeably clear. TI Had it not been that L accidentally be. gre came aware, about this time, that Iwas nearly glo frozen to death, I should' probably have re- spi itained pondering over icy mysteries all day the in the peculiarl simple attire appropriated g to repose. I now commenced the operation of a of dressilg,'holding converse with my reflec- trai tion in tihe miirror the while. pl The result of my meditations was that I bad better hunt up BIrowne, tell him all I tisi had discovered, and consult with him on its significance and importance. The connec- ink tion of the characters in.the drama of a hun- . dred years agowith those of to-day was fully of e.tablinhl I. Thes dresdful; priyer [foir vh eanee madel by the dying Murray had evi. me dently been grantedh at the perilof his own - soul, I could not doubt-but still granted. ye Only one mystery still awaited solution: why had the retribution come so late ? why poe had it been 'reserved for my friend and the slo woman hie loved to expiate the crimes of their long-buried ancestors? no Here the incident of the ring recurred to ex my mind; I e rmemberd having idly specu lated on the possibility of its being a talisman dci whereby the spirit of its owner might, be ex enabled to persecute the wearer of it; and, ab looking at the matter in the new light I hail Sobtainced, it seenied not unfeasible. In his ldying moments Murray had sent this rig,'i inciarusted with the lite and passion of all the bh years of his blighted life, to- the an wlho. had ruined him. Doubtless Ie had believed wt that if hie or any of his race were to accept as and wear it;'it would have power, ifc anything mi Lcould, to infuse into. their hearts and soulls some of the .misery and poison which had teI been exhaled into it by his. Apparently it rej had been laid aside and forgotten untilclis-. to I covered by my friend; and Alice Hainmill, - the descendant of that family by the son mentioned as being absent in Europe, had I received'as a pledge of betrothal the greatest t cu ri which' It was possible to bring upon her Acting upon herdelicte and sensitive nature, the ring had distilled its morbid t poison to the best advantage, paralyzing her a with the ghastly lshadow of the crime which, is a had mouldered unavenged throughout a cen- tb e tury. And Browne, by virtue of his love e: g for her, had come in also for his share of the punishment.so long deferred. Their souls. .e had- been united, and the same baleful' in. oi . fluence that had poisoned her had exercised1 .o its influence on him also. He had made her e swear fealty to the giver of the ring; butt I e was he te e reC l giver? was it not rat~er thoe b gift -of the terrible phantom which, had it is haunted them? and did not that oath give ~ ie it the poTwerto do so? For haunted beyond r- a doubt they were : whether by the actual' d a- semblance of a disembodied spirit, or by the' ce fantasy of a diseased mind and imagination,' s lf made little difference: the effect was the: as same; and until we attain to a far more id lucid theory. for such mysteries' than 'we s possess at present, we must accept the old d explanation as twice as simple and quite asj y. probable as any other. But the question e n was now, what was to be the end ? e I started out on my search for Browne im-· mediately after breakfast. Not finding him id at home, I thought itwroT!' rsaeccordingly if Tbetook nelf. But he was not there: and s he the servant who answered the bell told me that Miss Alice had been growing gradually; ed worse, and that the doctor gave slicht hopes c ne of her ever regaining her mind. Ihave often' a, wondered since whether she still wore the it rng. - I So all day long I wandered over Newoy York, searching for my friend; but night I closed in, and still I had not found him. ill- The following afternoon, however, I got upon at his track, and followed him from one point a to another till at last I traced him to the e-; Hudson Rier depot. Just before I reached as there the eight p.nm. express liad left, carry. le ing him a passenger in the sleeping-ear. I I heard the whistle of the engine as it rushed I e away, carrying many a soul on a longer I journey than they had ever before under. I e, taken : all the world has heard of the dis as aster of New Hamburg I Living or dead, I never saw my friend again, nor was his body t ever, so far s I know, recovered. Doubtless it was better so : he never could have found i life sweet on earth again. But often, in the at evenings, as I sit before my fire, I think of a at him and of the gray, crumbling tombstone in \- Trinity churchyard, and marvel that life o should seem so simple and commonplace. I :d m 