CASTEKTON. (FROM OCR own OORRXSFONnXNT.) December 15. Yesterday was the annual licensing day, and the bonifaces of toe town and district mustered in goodly numbers, there were no objections to renewals nor any complaints SS to toe manure in which the various Inns were conducted. The venerable custom of improving the occasion by sohniting contributions to the Hospital tends from the licensees of Hotels was not departed from, although the soliciting was done in dumb show, tbe presence of tbe plate on tbo table of the court acting as a sufficient reminder to the customary donors, I did not notice whether the unanimous exemplar of those much maligned people, toe publicans, was copied by all who ve- ' reived yesterday renewals of their licenses to deal in spirituous liquors— perhaps they did. The prevalent dalness in business matters ex isting for some time post, does not yet show any symptom of alteration or improvement, there is not the ghost of a shadow of silver lining in the darkness of the commercial cloud. Shearing is over, hay-mak ing has begun, and the cereal harvest wiD follow without, I apprehend, making any appreciable difference to the trade, but although business hours are dull enough, our evenings have of late, thanks to the Carterton band, been enlivened by strains of, not martial music, but something going like this—" Hard times, bard times, come again no more." The Magistrates bad a long sitting on IVednes- day, as after the licensing boanesa was over, there were a few cases of no great interest to he heard, one of which showed plainly enough the evil consequences arising from divided authority, especially as applied to the dnal exercise of matrimonial power- There is a proverb which Earth that a house divided against itself cannot stand, but it seems, according to the evidence in toe case, that however divided in opinion the parties who have been joined togefcbre in holy matrimony may be, the right to dispose of pro perty is equally vested in both the male and female branches iff the high confronting powers, thus in tbe case allnded to toe wife sold tbe bouse, and the hnsbend went and did likewise, leaving toe poor buyers to fight the business out in a court of justice. The Bench, aa Wednesday last, administered a very sharp rebuke to one of toe sdhstota in court. The adlicitor had expressed his opinion that toe conduct of his brother professional was of a "shady character." The Bench imme diately hook exception to the remark, and re quested that, in future, such evprri drwir should not be used, as they would net he tolmted; farther that, if persistence was shown muring such terms, the Bench recti be compelled to take notice <ff the matter, '-probably in a manner toe nttreer wouid not fike." I see by your issue of this date that you are already aware toot our local newspaper has changed hands, hot who or what toe incasing is nobody knows I we dost even know whether toe paliticE ore to be "Hue cr " yeBow." However time vriH show; perhaps it wiD be ceWnx. I think I only espies toe feehng of the public of Qsstactae when t say that we have heard with regret that Nr. F. F- Begg, manager of the National Bank here, is about to be trans ferred to toe heed office xu Mi linen w Mr. Begghas been withes now Car a. ic—abs itiln time, and has » thoroughly identified himadf as doe of the ewt assiduous paocfaa rf «k interests end neonate tort to toper tore caaucot but prove lbwcB. Asa tor eff toe Gntorfee lEschsnm' Institute, those cuaciht with a can bear testimony to the fauge share Mr. B<g has had in hhrehigSnk rmWtntwm te its ;reai success. Cutatax wiicdrtcea, faotedfefs, and aS lores eff sri- iei tpt sod mriynmiia, sjg lung brer the name of F. F. Begg in remembrance, and will all be well (leased to hear cf tofrin suececs. I daat think there is any occasion t remind Sr. Begfs xeaqy friends tori it weald not be quite humming to allow hha te km Carterton riUmt scene lrlim sh ill teinl or wiflEflihui rf te htar AwRiaaBBtHL RecndWmkhtojei here last Saturday between Merino and Sulatcn ttabs wee mere cfaywnctire— frhtoan an rip mtimeflagh- dmecncket The ground was had. udtoez&y; wai not rey good; cricket cannot hsatortn atooddhfStond. theuiStw riose, Casteriaw arming 44, Merino C, toe latter tons wmmnghyTarea. 