THE COMING KINGDOM. A GLIMPSE or ITS BEAUTY AND GLORY. BY HENBY VARLEY. A new year is upon us, bright with the early dawn of light, for " now is our salvation nearer than when we believed." The Coming Day, the Coming Year, the Coming King—these are the subjects that lie beyond The deepening disquiet of the worldVpresent night. Seemly is it that we should hold forth the word of truth that shines as a light in a dark place until the day dawns. Does not the world take stock of present possessions at the New Year's Eve, and with advancing enterprise and energy seek to master the future ? And shall the children of " the light and of the day" do less ? Partakers of the heritage of the " exceeding great and precious promises," let us also speak out with joyous "certain sound." Our present spiritual possession is pre-eminently "the indwelling Christ." " Know ye not your own selves, how that Jesus Christ is in you, except ye be reprobates ?" (2 Cor. xiii. 5). Magnificent words these—earnest of present success and future eternal glory. Truly, the Kingdom of God is within us, for the King is here. The Child has been born, the Son has been given, and the government is upon His shoulder. To those who are in Him the jubilant refrain is come, " All things are yours, and ye are Christ's, and Christ is God's" (1 Cor. iii. 21-23}. But this also is known to us. The immediate future of the world is dark. The deepening gloom of revolt from God throws its black shade o'er every nation, kindred, tongue, and people. The mystery of iniquity works, and will work, with increasing energy until it causes the fury of the Lord to come up to take vengeance (Ezek. xxiv. 8). The internal confusion and strife that prevail in the professing Church of Christ, the false testimony given therein, and the diminution of the regenerating power consequent thereupon, indicate clearly that " judgment has begun at the house of God." Such being the condition within the Church, who can wonder that the world is full of vainglory, lawlessness, covetousness, and every form of sin ? Selfish luxury, as splendid as it is godless, as refined as it is contrary to the Divine will, has sown and is sowing the seed that must produce its harvest of corruption in the coming whirlwind of democratic despotism—a despotism that will ere long laugh to scorn the rights of property, and bathe the land in a flood of lawless retribution, fiercer and more terrible than that which marked the era of the French Revolution at the close of the last century. But immediately beyond the last days of the ripe iniquity of the present age is the dawn of the day concerning which the prayer of our Lord is full, "Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven, for thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory for ever and ever. Amen." These words bespeak mighty changes upon earth—changes sudden, supernatural, and Divine. The prayer is addressed unto " the mighty Worker," of whom it is written at the time of this " tremendous crisis":— " God is our refuge and strength, a very present help n trouble. Therefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea; though the waters thereof roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof. . . . The heathen raged, the kingdoms were moved: He uttered his voice, the earth melted. . . . Come, behold the works of the Lord, what desolations He hath made in the earth. . . . . Be still, and know that I am God; I will be exalted among the heathen, I will be exalted in the earth."— Ps. xlvi. 1-3, 6, 8, 10. These and a hundred other Scriptures declare that a series of magnificent and miraculous events will inaugurate the reign of our Lord on earth. His coming n power and great glory will be worthy of the Most High, " which in His times He shall show, who is the blessed and only Potentate, the King of kings and Lord of lords" (1 Tim. vi. 15). The renovation of Palestine; he formation of the great river from the Mediterranean on the west passing through Jerusalem to the Dead Sea on the east, whose waters shall be healed (Zecb. xiv., Ezek. xlvii.); the breaking up of all existing national governments (Ps. ii.); the utter cessation of war (Isa. ii. 1-4); the terrible shakings of the earth, the result of mighty earthquakes, the preparation for the exceeding fertility of the earth (Isa. xxxv.); the change in the savage instincts of the animal creation (Isa. xi. 6-9); the lengthening of human life (Isa. lxv. 20); the vast diminution of disease; the earth's intensely increased light (Isa. xxx. 20);—these and other vast organic changes will for ever silence the scepticism of the world's present intelligence. There will be no longer room for the scoffing utterance, "Where s the promise of His coming P for since the fathers fell asleep all things continue as from the beginning of the creation." The silence of God will be broken, indeed, and natural sequence give place to the direct and immediate nterventioa of God. " $ehold,He cometh witfc clouds, and every eye shall see Him." " He cometh, He cometh, to judge the earth." Human government has been for six thousand years tried in every form. Man as an individual, in barbarism and culture; man as a family, as a tribe, as a nation, as a multitude of nations; from the darkness of heathenism is the past, to the advancing civilizations of Greece and Rome, and the yet higher manifestations of national life seen in the nineteenth century—and the issue everywhere is failure. Every form of government has been tried— the despotic, the monarchical, the republican—down to demoaratic lawlessness; and man's impotency to rule is written in the records of the past as plainly as the light of day. The intervention of God is at hand, the final sands in the hour- glass of the age are running out: yet a little season, and the anthem shall be heard, " And the seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in heaven saying, The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord, and of His Christ, and He shall reign for ever and ever." (Rev. xi. 15). Here is the true solution of the Eastern Question. Here is the real " survival of the fittest." Here the bonds of heathenism are broken. Here the unrest of Ireland, and the greater unrest of the wide wide world, find pacification. Here the groaning creation is liberated. Then the sleeping dead in Christ are raised. Then the living saints are changed in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, and rise to meet Him in the air. Miracle in dazzling splendour and magnificence will attend his coming again in glory, even as miracle suited to his lowly moral loveliness, as the Servant of Jehovah and as the Lamb for sacrifice, marked his life when before on earth. Thus we find in Miracle, which to the rejectors of revelation is a stumbling-stone, the confirmation of our faith. We joyfully search his Word " concerning the things which shortly shall come to pass." Very clear are the testimonies given in the faithful Word, not only in written detail, but by Divine manifestation. With what emphasis Peter speaks when he says:— "We have not followed cunningly devised fables when we made known unto you the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but were eyewitnesses of His Majesty. For He received from God the Father honor and glory, when there came such a voice to Him from the excellent glory, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased. And this voice which came from heaven we heard when we were with Him in the holy mount."—2 Pet. i. 16-18. r Here, then, we have in brief vision a view of the glory of the coming kingdom, and the fulfilment of the promise made by our Lord, when, having declared the fact of his coming in the glory of the Father, He added, "There be some standing here which shall not taste of death till they have seen the kingdom of God come with power." "And after six days Jesus taketh Peter and James and John, and leadeth them up into an high mountain apart by themselves, and He was transfigured before them. And His raiment became shining [glistering] exceeding white as snow. And there appeared unto them MoBes and Elias talking with Him. They spake of His decease which He should accomplish at Jerusalem. And Peter said, Lord, it is good for us to be here, if Thou wilt, let us build here three tabernacles, one for Thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias. And behold a bright cloud overshadowed them, and behold a voice out of the cloud, This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased; hear ye Him."—Matthew, Mark, Luke. No wonder that this vision of the glory of the coming kingdom was prominently in the minds of those who saw it. Well might John say, " We saw His glory, the glory of the Only Begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth" (John i. 14). And Paul, also speaking of the same glory, seen on a later occasion, said, "At midday I saw a light from heaven above the brightness of the sun" (Acts xxv. 13). Yea, Stephen also, " being full of the Holy Ghost, saw the glory of God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God" (Acts vii. 55). This scene upon the holy mount we understand as showing forth in vision the glory of our Lord's kingdom when set up upon the earth; delayed, by reason of his rejection on the part of Israel, for it is written, " He came to His own, and His own received Him not." The purpose and promise of the Father remain to be fulfilled, nor shall one jot or tittle of that promise fail of its accomplishment. The kings of the earth may set themselves, the rulers may take counsel together against the Lord and His anointed ; they may say— "Let us break their bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us ;" " He that sitteth in the heavens shall laugh: then shall He speak unto them in His wrath, and vex them in His sore displeasure." " Yet have I set My king upon My holy hill of Zion." " I will declare the decree; the Lord hath said unto Me: Thou art My Son, this day have I begotten Thee" (Psalm ii. 2—7). Let us briefly summarise the leading facts illustrated in this magnificent scene. " The high mountain apart." " It shall come to pass in the last dayB that the mountain of the Lord's house shall be established [prepared] on the top of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills, and all nations shall flow unto it" (Isa. ii. 2). " They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain, saith the Lord, for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord as the waters cover the sea" (Isa. xi. 9). "Great is the Lord, and greatly to be praised in the city of our God, in the mountain of his holiness. Beautiful for situation, the ioy of the whole earth, is Mount Zion, the city of the Great King" (Ps. xlviii. 1-2). "And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain, and he showed me that great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heayen from God." " And the city had no need of tbe sun, neither of the moon to shine in it, for the glory of God did lighten it, a,nd, the Lamb is the Light thereof." Thus in charming exposition are we again in the midst of thp glorious light that centered in the transfigured Son. In glistering loveliness is seen the Lord of glorv • His inner purity and intensity of light whitens T garments and the rohe " without seam," so as " no full earth could white them." No radiant sun is n ;ded now; the glory of the sun's Creator shines forth in splendour, and falls in dazzling brilliance upon the men of " like passions " with ourselves, concerning whom it is written, already " made meet for the inheritance of the saints in light." May not these men, Peter, James, and John, be taken as representatives of the nations of them which are saved, who shall walk in the light of that city in the millennial days? (Rev. xxi. 24.) Men liable to sin and death, but accepted of Him, and utterly loyal to his government! And behold, " Moses and Elias are there in glory, and they are talking with Jesus." Moses, the representative of Him who was to come, telling of a joyous giving place to Him who is tbe "end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth" (Rom. x. 4). Moses, the witness yet again of the " greater Prophet that the Lord your God shall raise up like unto me; Him shall ye bear in all things" (Acts iii. 22). Moses, the saint, whose eye was neither dim, nor his natural force abated, who died for most royal burial (Deut. xxxiv. 1)—nay, rather fell asleep in Him who is the God, not of the dead, but of the living—"The God of Abraham and of Isaac and of Jacob." Moses, the representative of those who have fallen asleep in Christ, the eminent type of the raised saints, at the time when the trumpet shall sound, and the dead in Christ shall be raised incorruptible (1 Cor. xv. 52). Moses, type of the blessed and holy ones that shall have part in the first resurrection, who live and reign with Christ a thousand years (Rev. xx. 6). Elias also, chief of the prophets, great forerunner of Him " in whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge" (Col. ii. 3). Elijah, the man of power with God, the man of mighty miracles, rapt from the earth's surface' in a moment in a chariot of fire. Elijah, representative of living saints on earth when Jesus comes, caught up by Divine power to meet the Lord in the air. " Behold, I show you a mystery : we shall not all asleep, but we shall all be changed, in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump ; for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be CHANGED" fl Cor. xv. 51-541. "Moses and Elias," "who appeared in glory and spake of his decease [his exodus—his way out of death] which he should accomplish at Jerusalem" (Luke ix. 31). How sorrowfully beautiful " the sufferings of Christ and the glory that should follow;" " the song of Moses and the Lamb ;" the lowly notes of Messiah's breaking heart, the pouring out of his soul as an offering for sin; the " numbering with the transgressors," the " obedience unto death, even the death of the cross." And then the breaking morning of a sinless resurrection, and then the song " Unto Him that loved us add washed us from our sins in His own blood, and hath made us kings and priests unto God and His Father, unto Him be glory." Moses and Elias "talking with Jesus!" Blessed fellowship of " the heirs of the Christ" (Heb. iii. 14), the exalted partnership, the hastening communion, yea, all manifested in this wondrous vision of the coming kingdom on the earth. Nor must we omit Peter's request to build three tabernacles, nor his appropriate words—" It is good to be here." Good indeed to be where the manifested glory is. Good indeed to see the better things of God provided for this earth when'the times of restitution are come, when " He shall send Jesus Christ, which before was preached unto you, whom the heavens must receive until the times of restitution of all things of which God hath spoken by the mouth of all His holy prophets since the world began" (Acts iii. 20, 21). And last, and most important of all, hear the testimony of the Holy Father : " This ii My beloved Son, hear Him," " The heir of God is testified of by the Eternal Witness," " Into His hands is all power committed, and He shall reign for ever and ever." " And the Lord shall be King over all the earth; in that day shall there be one Lord, and His name One" (Zech. xiv. 9). The Kingdom of Christ no longer in mystery breaks forth for the regeneration and joy of the whole edrth, which even now waiteth for the " manifestation of the sons of God at the appearing of Jesus Christ" (Rom. viii. 19; Titus ii. 13). The mystery of iniquity no longer works its dread moral and spiritual carnage on the earth. Typical indeed was the descent from the mount after this scene, this earnest of antedated glory. The poor boy delivered by the might of the Son of God from the possession of the great adversary fittingly shows in the portraiture the binding of Satan during the thousand years of His glorious government " whose right it is to reign." Meet and fitting for us as our New Year's song of praise are the words, " Hallelujah, for the"Lord God omnipotent reigneth!" "Come, Lord Jesus, come quickly." Amen. The Bible Christian Conference was continued on Wednesday, March 2. The Revs. Roberts and Hillman obtained permission to return home on account of domestic affliction. The Rev. T. Piper moved, and the Rev. 0. Lake seconded, that the following regulation be repealed, which was carried:—"That the ministers do not leave their circuits till after tbe Lady Day quarter, and draw their salary from the circuit up to that date. We resolve this shall not come into operation till 1881." The Rev. Thos. Allen being about to visit England, a resolution was passed expressing sympathy with him in his long affliction, and commending him to the confidence of the brethren at home. Mr. Allen expressed the hope that on his return, if not able to take full work, he would still be able to preach. The grants to stations were considered and passed. The estimated income was considered, and adjourned till next dny. At 9.30 p.m. the session closed. The sittings of the Conference were brought to, a close on Thursday. We have not been able to obtain any report of the business transacted at this session, 