[?] 0DB~VIGrOfiIAII- LETIEK. TPiam out own.OozraiKmdent.1 ? Melbourne, June 1L Car fatuity is that of thebelated, and ant way like a brosten'Btairnase leading Tiowbifcher. We bavedene nothing but'telk about reform sad tisker ?wrflrit during the past four years, and yet areas far bom any practical consummation tt this 'moment as ever. The Council has made concessions which may be esidtohave revolu ttanisea the Upper Hoiuer in a milB tray, and wbicbttwsatfcoaghtiirould carry the suffrages of the«rtemest'Badiealjboi»U to bo purpose. TheBsdicals iiave shifted their grourM onoe more, end unless they eat their own valiant words, the Beform Bill is? as dead as a doornail. The waste of woidg.of time, of money, and temper bas been prodigious, and for the whole ' of sneh waste there is nothing to show. Sir. Berry and bis immediate following were prepared, with a few immaterial modification*, to accept the am8na ments of tbe Council ; but Mirams, Loagmore, Grant, Gaunscn, £l. Smith, and a few more irrepressibles would not listen, to this, and by way of compromisiDg-withtiiem Mr. Berry fell in wifb their' hmnor, and submitted amend ments of the Bill, lowaring the qualification and tbetraseoiie beyond thepaint which£ae.Gaun.3U emphasised as ibe limit of their concessions. Sliere was a good, deal of palaver and much watte of precious *ime over 'these amendments, in the 'Assembly; but when the mutilated Bill was retained to- the TTppetfHouse, the members of that chamber made the shortest possible work of the matter, and rejected the Bill with ? promptitude which showed that it was no idle boast when they stated that in the direction of revolution they conld no farther go. What will tie further done no one seems to know.- The extreme probability is that tbe SHI will be abandoned as abortive, and the protracted session- brought to a dose as speedily as possible/ Whether the Opposition, with the aid of the malcontents cm the Ministerial crDBsbenehes, will move an ad vene vote on the Ministry, and whether the latter will ia^raoh case, or on the question of the Beform Bill, simply appeal afresh to the country, we are not likely to know excepting by progress of events; bat one thing is quite certain, the question of reform has become qnite blase, and the country is heartily sick of tbe whole wretched business. The plsin speaking on.tbe Ministerial side of the House daring the last fortnight has beea more impressive than edifying. This mode of taltnas sot been by any means cosfined to one individual, but Mr. Longmore may fairly claim to havebeeuthe Mercurius of this peculiar style of eloquence. Mr. Mirssms was unsparing enough when 4ie raised tbe-tandaid of open revolt, but Air. Longmore has certainly borne off the palm by the recklessness of -his vigorous freehandling. Of coarse all the fierce contention has beea os tensibly in the interest' of liberty and for tbe people's good ; bat when one looks at the Corner and sen among the irreconcilable* Longmore, Grantj '*Bd' Woods, who were members of the former Berry Ministry, bat who have since bad ibegateeof the official paradise rudely shut in their {sees, together with Mirams, Gaunesn, and L. Zi. Smith, who regarded themselves t eveisJJy asdarignate for tbe poas'which their ambition aspired to, it is impossible to resist- the conviction that they are simply a faotaos; that they, are wrong by per version, and habit, and right only by accident; and that the country is indebted to 'them for nothing except .it be a frightful and admonitory example «f pure nuscrapaVoas self-seeking, M*. Ifongmore, in. vulgar parlance, has had -jnite« high go-m at the Liberal press, sad at tbe Age in partioalar, and the Agt ia good sooth has -given him good cause for his evident strong feeling and vehement invective. Toe ex-Minister certainly has the excuse that the aggression came from the other side. One of the most. memorable things in connection with the literacy history of the Age is the fidrca tough handling which it administered to the present Premier in the old anti-Berry days. Jt is a question whether anything bo ferocious baa been nr1'T'faa by it since those days, except tbe onslaught recently made on-the ex-Minister of Land*. In referring to the eventuality of an appeal to ;the country, this paper states that one of the minor objects to be attained by such appeal is the condign punishment of 'suoh miserable recreants totfae Liberal cause' as Mr. Iiosgmcre. 'Under pretence of being more ?Liberal than the Government, this on birched traitor to his party is doing his best to intrigue |'»''»w back into the office which be disgraced by his blundering and maladministra tion. No man didmore by the rabid indiscretion of his undisciplined tongue and his insufferable egotism to bring discredit upon the Administra tion of whioh he was Minister of Lands, and we are only recording the feelings of the entire party wfcen we aay that his exclusion from. Mr. Berry's present Ministry was a subject of general congratulation to everybody wb.9 valued its re pntaticn. Circumstances have amply justified the suspicion that at the very best he was nothing more than an office-seeker, ready to rant acd roar on behalf of anybody with more brains than himself who would give him place and pay. From the moment that he lost place and pay lie laidlimeelf out to plot and contrive for the restitution of what he has the vanity to regard as bis rights. With absolutely no chums to constructive statesmanship, with scarcely speaking power sufficient to make what ideas he may bare stowed away in the recesses ef his confused and addled brain intelligible to his company— s. maddy-pated legislator, and an administrator of very doubtful fame, he eeeks to persuade the Assembly and the country that be ccold neve devised a much better Ke form Bill than Mr, Berry, and that if Mr. Berry fails it is because be was not ia the Cabinet to help him. * Codlin is the friend, not Short.'' His speaking is referred to as 'an incoherent mixture of dribble and spleen.' Hit political profligacy * more barefaced than the Assembly has witnessed for many a long day ; neitier side of the House will touch him with a pitchfork., . Heiathe unclean tiling in the political world which all parties have agreed to taboo, and the Bocner he is cast out into the modheap from which Mr. Berry was unwise enough to pick . him np the better.' It most be admitted that this is tolerably strosg for this enlightened age, is this civilised country, in a city which sits as Queen of the Sonth, and in an anguet assembly which is tbe cynosure of all eyes. Bat this was mildness itself in comparison with a speech which Mr. Longmore delivered in theHosse on the evening of tne day wnen this was pub lished. Not that the terms which heated were«o tench stronger — they could not well be that— but tbe white heat, the intense and un concealed vehemence, the unreported part of the speech, that element of oratory which car cot be put into words was quite a sight to see. Mr. Iingmore, who is a mild-mannered man, pleasant as a companion, fierce in his patriotic virtue, and unsmirched in bis private reputation, has yet a nascent wrathfolness, a latent slumbering fire which, on occasion, can become very volcanic, and I have never seen him more -volcanic with lots of lava to spare than on this occasion. Many a slippery scoundrel with neither political principle nor personal character slides through the. world with a beaming and unctuous placidity which the jus!; might envy. Mr. Longreore, good man, makes for himself anytime bat a bed of roees, chiefly because his quixotism is of the fierce uncom promising and nntameable sort. Hr.B3ebarasen,tbe Minister of Mines, has been getting into considerable hot water lately. Mr. Cooper ana Mr. Wheeler are his colleagues in the representation of Oreswiok, but they are anything but friends. Within Sub oonsritaeacy there is a dense forest known as the Bullarook State Forest This reserve is a little more than 2,000 acres, and timber cutting for the adjacent mines of Battaiat and Oreswick is a very im portant industry there. It would seem that Mr. Bichardson in bis capacity as Minister of Lands, under the stimulus of some remark in Parlia ment on the subject, promised some lame ago that this reserve should not be invaded. Contrary to this promise aboatBOO acres have been selected, and are in the way of passing out of the control of the State. On this ground he has been baited again1 and again by bis two coHeagoesfor GreBwick. Mr. Bichardsen is accused of favor ing certain tenant rights in which he is person* all; interested, and making things pleasant for biB supporters by .conniving at the encroach mente on this vaiuablefltate forest He in his torn has of cOHrseagreat deal to say about tbe pelitteal immorality- of lug aeanssr*. fie has been confronted also with the ghost of anun fortunate ?oemmenee which took place some three- or four yean ago. The youths of both sexes^ who are tfo*tr*jniog for teachers are some times boardeS out with reputable person! for want of acomnmodatton in the Training Institu tion itself. Inthisca8eaMrs.Pearae,widowof a teacher who had died in the service, had the domestic charge ol some three or four youths, who happened one evening to be more than ordinarily outrageous in their hone play. Mr. Bichard*na,who is a personal friend of the lady in question, chanced to drop in at a time when this stupid play was at Us height. The good woman/ jmaHe to control the+oya, and with her patience exhausted, appealed to her friend for hi* interposition. . She youths re Mr. Biabardson that he inflintaa rfiMf^grnen* on one of them with a whip which was handy. This -j onto was thereafter laid up with an af ieetaonof thehip-joint,«aid tohavebeencaosed by the oasBgation be had received. She father of the lad demanded a thousand pounds of Mr. . Bichardson, bat finally compounded the .matter for tbe much smaller sum of £80.. 8oo»«Ife Thriving this wlaKum the boy improveaaoradicaByiaiat hewasfoondat his work ?gBM,rtwhion*e;4as«on»iiined without inucBapr-a»Bt4ani»geeTOe»inoe^BIr.I«aaar4- aon no doubt thought he was well rid of this delicate *m£ mililiaaiill 1-ml»ii. butitiiiat been brought op in&e; Hetuein * manner evidently ?nt?'^^ toinjurebath bis creditand character.' It may with safety be averred that everything a Minister does, as well as everyfliing he does not do, is sere1 to be wrong somehow trith some \- Ihe ofterJdaj-a large «hip. called the Glamis : Oattlo enterei- Hobeon's Bay fmn {Buna, bring ing with her a moat iU-fated freight. Last Saturday sbe attempted to land 200 Chinese etSacdriage. This -very natural lineofoon duct,in respect totts men whotad arriredat ftit destjaationfoi 'which they: «ad come over the seas, was resistei by a4«gepartyt)f roughs and larrikins/ who were waiting- on the pier' to 'ncake it hofior -toe Oelestaais. Those gentle men carried their, resistance so-far, that after jelling like maniacs and jostling, the unfortu nate strangers, they took from- them their baskets, bamboos, and other baggage, and rnal feeeted them with personal violence, knocking them down and jumping on them iaome in gfcaECEB. . The officen of the ship, with the assis tance of-^thfi water police, did all they oould to protect their unfortunate passengers, who were taken bsckon board the ship until sufficient police protection conld be afforded them. This is the way in which these benighted pagans are treated by the enlightened Christians of this enlightened land. The same ship is likely to acquire an evil notoriety on account of the character of her cargo as well ?« her pas sengers. Mr. Bowman, the member for Mary borough, is reputed to be the sharpest bagman in Victoria, and that is saying a good deal. A few days ago be stated in the Assembly that a large: shipment of impure tea had reached Mel bourne by tbe Glamis Castle, and had been pur chased by some of&e; wholesale houses. Onthe day previous to this statement being made, 250 half-chests and 825 boxes had been sold by auction in the city at from 3hd. to 4Jd. per pounaVand this tea, Mr. Bowman said,, was so impure that it was. neither more nor leas than poison: In Hhjfii«nil an Aot of ? Parliament provided that tea under 30 per cent, of extract Bhonld not be sold, and any peiEon disposing of tea under that standard was liable to a heavy fine. Tie Attorney-General acknowledged his obligation to Mr. Bowman for bringing the matter under b5s notice, and -said that in this, as in a former instancewhen the sale of ten tons of tea was stopped for a similar cause, the most strict in vestigation should be made, and the matter dealt wish, according to evidence. Tom Bent, so called— meaning always the Hon. Thomas Bent, member oE Parliament for Brighten— although net by any means a genius, stands out conspicuously as a character in the House. The other evening he had been called to order by the Speaker for saying that air. Laurens had asked the Chief Secretary a '' put np' question. The Speaker ruled the expres sion Elscgy, and Mr. Bent accordingly had to withdraw. Tbe following evening Mi. Beat rose to make a personal explanation. On the previous night the Speaker had ruled that the words 'pet up' were slang, and oat of order. His constituents had noticed the report in the papers, an d spoken to him on tbe matter, as they naturally felt hurt that their member should have been rebuked for using slang, (laughter.) He bad taken the trouble to look up the mean ing of the words, and be found, on searching -Johnson's Dictionary'— (laughter) — that tbe words were not slang. Turning to page 671 — (great laughter)— fce found the words— 'Put up. Pass unavenged ; I will indeed no longer endure it.' (laughter.) 'Horam I yet persuaded to 4 p h£ vp ' in peace what already I have foolishly suffered.' Teat was my case. (Iiiaghtar.) That's from ' Othello.' (Roars of laughter.) Then he found another version of 'put up' (Laughter) Quoting from I/Estrange, he read — ' It is prudence in many cases to 'put up ' the injuries of a weaker enemy for fear of incurri-g tbe displeasure of a stronger.' (Great laughter. ) That's your case, Mr. Speaker. (Eoars of Iscphter.) Here is another version of ' put up,' which I will read: — 'The Cacaanitisli wcmanicutt 'putvp' a refusal, and the re proachf ul came of cog, commonly used by the Jews of the heathen.' HJEre the hon. member turned to Mr. Zox. and remarked, amidst roars of laughter, 'Ttafs your case.' Mr. Bent then quoteo from ' Hudibras ' and Addison to prove that 'put up' was not aslang term. He next read from Dickens^ where Oliver Ttriet defines 'put up' as robbery, and then, ad dressing Ur. L&nrenv;, exclaimed, ' That's your c&ee.;' (Boars of applause.) He (Mr. Bent) had beard Mr. Fisher deliver a lecture ? on slang at Brighton, and he had nnver referred to tee words 'put up,' to they could not be slang. He hoped the Speaker would acquit him of using slang. (Laughter ) The Speaker said he merely ruled tbe words as slang because they gave offence to the member for Noith Melbourne, and words used in Parliament which gave offence were of oourseoHt of order. During the last week we have been visited with a succession of tremendous gales. All along on tbe Queens cliff coast, the Back Beach, and from Point Lonsdale on to the Barwou Heads, the high tides, driven up with tremendous foroe by the heavy gales from the ebafch, have invaded tbe coast and washed avay the sand in a degree net paralleled for a long time past. Agood deal of damage was done to the shipping ia Hobson's Gay.. Some cf the vessels drifted from their acchnrsge sod fouled, end one. the Bulwark by name, wss fairly capsized at the Sandridge Bend, where Sbe cow lies on her beam ends, and her yard arms all but perpendicular. She had a cargo of timber, and this crashed out of her so freely that the beach on the Emerald Hill side was strewn for a long distance. The weather has moderated, the most of the cargo, it is raid, will be saved, acd tenders are being atkrd for raiting the vessel. The case of the Ferret, yolept the India, steamer, which was stolen from a company in Glasgow, and after dodging about the seas, was brought into Melbourne to be deteoted as the &.iesirg escapee, drags its slow length along, and it is doubtful in some aspects what the issnewillbe. The affairs connected therewith are so complicated, and the parties at home who are interested are so slow to take definite action, that it is hard to say what complexion the case will ultimately take. There is one thing pretty certain, that before it is terminated there will be a pretty bill of costs for somebody to pay, meanwhile the confederated conspirators are in gaol, to which they are remanded from time to time as the slow process of the law requires. The Postmaster-General has initiated a new system for tbe registration of letters and packets containing money and other valuables. By this scheme the registration fee is reduced from six peace to fora-pence per letter, and the risk of loss by theft or accident is said to be conside rably reduced. Postmasters who have reaion to Euspect that money or oilier valuables are trans mitted without registration, are empowered to register the letters and charge double fees on delivery. This is better thaB the old system of impounding and espionage, and it is believed that it will be an improvement on tbe method which has been in use hitherto. A case has transpired which can hardly be without interest to mariners. A ship called tbe Miizapore was berthed a week or two ago at the Sandridge Pier. Soon after landing Captain Dowling, her master, was obarged before tbe Steam Navigation Board first, with carrying no sidelights on board his ship from the time of leaving the English coast until the vessel reached Cape Otway.; secondly, that no look out was kept on the Mirzapore during the time of running the easting down; and, thirdly, that a man was loBt overbord and no effort made to save him. Tfeerfi was a good deal of con flicting testimony in respect to the latter charge. Some of the witnesses swore that the man so lost was an almost unrivalled swimmer, that the wind was not high, and that the eea was moderate at the time; others testified that a boat could not be lowered without being swamped, and that it was not possible to do anything towards saving tbe man's life without placing those who attempted to do in a state of almost absolute peril. Captain Dowliag was found guilty ef the two former charges, but the latter was held to be sot proven. It came out in evidence that two of the three boats on board were utterly useless, and. the third so leaky that tbe rain trickled through it, and it was so placed - that it was impossible to be put into speedy requisition. Captain Dowling was deprived of his certificate for six month, but refused at first to surrender it, afterwards, on the advice of his counsel, he gave it np under protest, stating his intention at the same time to appeal from the ?decision of the board. Howe vex muoh he may feel, aggrieved it remains that a man who oould sail bis ship through crowded and perilous seas without side lights, without a look-out, and without a boat that oould be used is not a very desirable person to embark with. The great ball, which signalised the close of theBxlnbition.mtwbiohthe two younger Princes were expected to be present, was an imposing affair in its way, but rather mixed. In the matter of numbers, decoration and genera] dis play, it ma perhaps the most brilliant thing of the sort that has ever been witnessed in the city. Upwards of ifiOO persons were present, including tbe Marquis of Hormanby, Sir Arthur Kennedy, Governor of Queensland, Earl Ohmwilliam of the Detached Squadron, Prince Louis ot Battenburg, Lord Hervey Phipps, and several other distinguished personages. The viceregal party arrived soon after 9 o'clock, and the Governor. and Sari Olanwilliam left shortly before eleven. The catering was done by Olemcnte. Chain ware not provided at the table, and the guests retired when the; bad been supplied, to make room for others. The dancing spice comprised the entire area of the front Exhibition Building, and dancing was kept up until nearly 3 o'clock in the morning to tbe music of Allen's Band, oncer the direction of Mr. Warnecke. One tout only, that of 'the Queen, was proposed by the president. Mr. W. J. Clarke. It has been somewhat maliolonsly said that tbe crowd was in .part made np of livtty servants: ia mafti srith their female friends, but I apprehend that tiis was not the. case to any peat extent, although there is little doubt that it was true in an instance or two; Just enough to justify and give pent to the remark; ?Che Board of (Managements! the Benevolent Aajlumseems to emulate the style and manners of our House of Aawmbly at its wont. Becently thin was an inmaCb of that institution who i gave the (doctors and official* generally a gnat, deal of trouble in many ways. One of bar megrims was a sort of haunting dread that after death her body .would come under tbe operation of tbe dissecting fthife, and 'she in duced her friends to promise that on receiving notice of her death they would claim iier body. The woman in-duetime-died, and-ber frieods were true to their promise; bat the medicos bad been too quick for them. Her case was a complicated and somewhat obscure one; for twenty-seven years ehe had twen an inmate of tbe asylum, during which time atie was a sufferer from pbthbis, tumors,' and paralysii, and as soon jas death allowed them, the doctors,' whose diagnoses - had been perplexed, were 'anxious to discover the real facts Of ber case. At the moment that the friends arrived for the body, they beard -Sounds of merriment issuing from the dissecting-room, and when the body of their relative was - afterwards given to them in pieces they inferred that the dissectors had beenmntiEgcosne mirth over her mutilated remains. This was brought before the committee, and produced so much partisan excitement that the members of the board, professional men and gentliemen by courtesy, gave one another the lie direct, and almost came to firticuffa. This is unfortunately no new thiDg at this place ; for eomeithree years past they hsvsbeeninastateof chronic intermittent disagreement. Several of tee dd committee resigned some time ago. and it wsb hoped that tbenew blood would show up in better form ; but that has not been the -case. There is an old proverb which says, ' He that is greedy of gain treubleth.his own house.' Au incident lately occurred at Sandhurst directly in. proof of this. A man named Hickey, a wcodcarter, brought bis wife to tbe police station and asked the constable in charge to tste her into custody as a Ionatic. Scantily clsd in threadbare garments, with sunken features and protnding jawbones, her emaciated condition w&b; proof that she was either being starred or was starving, herself. Sbe was as compaisied by three young children, hatless, bootless, and meagrely dad like herself, but who clung to ber thin and. draggled skirts, and re fused to leave her. Thedooters were called in far examination, and they reported that the only thing the matter with the woman was want of nourishment. She was therefore formally brought before ihe magistrates, and dismissed on the evidence of tbe medical referees. It tran spired that the family had been living in a f mall hovel on a selection belonging to the mu Hiokey , and had been denied tbe common neces Earies of life. Tbe most singular part of the story is that Hickey had a deposit of several hundred pounds in the bank, and bis wiE«'- lunacy lay in her persisting in carrying the deposit receipts aboatin her pocket. Har re fusal to give up these led to his charging her with lunacy. A more wretched spectacle than this family presented from sheer want, while the husband and father was a capitalist in no email degree for a working man, has seldom been presented under any circumstances. Henderson, the assumed proprietor of the steamer Ferret, is evidently a man of great invention ' and 'pluck. Any one who bas seen the Melbourne Gaol will under stand that it argues no email degree of hardihood foramen to attempt even to escape from it, but this is exactly wbat Henderson has done. It was necerssry for him to file through two bars of the cell in which he was placed before he could escape. He had got about a quarter part through one when his attempt was dis covered, and a stop put, of course, to his further operations. Some one. who it is quite unknown, hsd supplied him with files, a lamp, and some black putty to facilitate his operations. IE he had broken out of tbe cell, he could not have surmounted the outer wall, unless there wa? seme one in waiting to assist him. As it is, the only effect of his audacious effort will bs to ebarprn tbe wits of the prison authorities, scd to block the way for the consummation of his purpose in the future. The cue agaiust the Ferret conspirators is in the hands of Inspector Seoretan acd Deteotive Mackay. How I)r Teague comes into such company I caDDot tell, but the detectives raa-:e a domi ciliary vieit to this gentleman for the purpose, it is aliegeo, of getting possession of the marriage certificate of the lady who is known as Mrs. Henderson. Dr. Teague. it seems, was this ladj'e medical adviser, and it Eras supposed for some reason that the certificate in question had beeu handed over to his care. It transpired, however, that the desiderated certificate had no reference to tbe prisoner Henderson, but to a marriage which is said to have taken place be tween the lady acd Mr. Merle, a business man in Liverpool. The Hon. John Woods is in danger of having his ncre pot out of joint as an inventive genius. An engineer o» the name of Hilligan has been deeirous for a good while past of testing what be cbUb an electric railway brake on the Vic torian railway lines. Hia object was of course frustrated so long as Mr. Woods was in power, but now that Mr. Patterson has succeeded to the railways, Mr. Milligan is to be allowed the use of some carriages for the purpose of testing the efficiency of his invention. The principle of Ibe hrase is eaid to be ertzemely simple, both in construction acd application, but the practical utility of it can of course out; be determined by. a trial. Tie banking interest of the colonies appears to lave mace a great advance of late. The iu crraf e in tbe note circulation of the year is not much tfcoit of half a million, while the increase of deposits for the year ia nearly six millions and a half. During the but quarter the increase in both these items bas been very great. The causes o{ this accelerated prosperity were FuppOEed to be realisations from unusually large natural products, tbe influx of British capital through the borrowing operations of ozx Govern ments, and the introduction of fresh capital by the mortgage companies. Itia to be noted that of tbe increase in question, more is shown in Victoiia than in all the other colonies put together. The Baymond experiment for destroying rabbits by poisoning with phosphorus proceeds in a very satisfactory manner. Accounts from the Western district show that bunny prefers pbotphcrised oats even to young grass. In one instance two men secured 4C0 skins in one day by the use cf Usb than a pound of phosphorus, and from one district the rare and singular com plaint comes that the selectors cannot find sufficient rabbits on which to feed themselves and their dogs. This is very good news indeed so far as it holds. The repairs of the Sorata have so far pro gressed that it is definitely decided she shall leave tbe dock on tbe 20th inst. The total expenditure on the vessel from the time she struck on the rocks to the time of leaving the dock is estimated at £50,000, of whioh sum £7,C00 has been paid in wages alone. The manner in which the work has been carried out gives every satisfaction, acd is reported to be highly creditable to the contractors. The latest news bearing upon the Beform Bill is tbata canons of Ministerial supporters is to be held previous to the commencement of parliamentary business next week to decide on the course to be adopted in dealing with the Reform Bill. The Chief Secre tary regards tbe measure as lost, but several of bis snpporters are at variance with him en that point. They think that hiving done ?.heir best they are bound in the interests of tbe country to accept the Bill as containing tbe utmost conceisions that can be obtained from tbe Council by constitutional means. The Op position members are not satisfied either with the Council's Bill in every particular, but with tbe exception of an immaterial point or two, which it is anticipated the Council would not object to the elimination of, they are prepared to support tbe Bill when it shall be returned to the lioner House. Mr. Berry is personally op posed to a dUsoIutioB, because he oontends that it would practically be a dissolution of she Assembly by tbe Council. We may possibly therefore yet see some accommodation by whioh the Beform Bill may beoome the lav of the land. ? 