The Premier in the Central Districts. [BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.] BUNDABERG, 26th October. THE PICNIC. THIS morning and to-day were observed almost as close holiday in Bundaberg in order that the residents might attend the picnic which Mr. M'Ilwraith gave up the line. At about ten minutes paab 10 o'olock tbe train Jeft the station at North Bundaberg. The passengers numbered about 150, and several goods trucks were pressed into the ser vice as passenger carriages. On the way up the train stopped for a short time at Gin Gin for a temperance lecture, and, that duly honoured, pro ceeded to the head of the line as at present con structed, to Moolboolatnan, where under an awn ing an excellent spread was found ready for enjoy ment, and iv a very few moments was fast dis appearing amidst much jovial conversation and great laughter. Sundry bottles of coloured liquids were opened and their contents mani pulated for the purpose of wetting the Bunda berg whistle. This rather laborious work having been accomplished, The Pbemikb, who occupied the head of the table, proposed tbe health of tbe Queen and the Royal Family. The toast having been drunk right loyally, The Premier next called upon the company to drink the health of his Excellency the Governor. His Excellency's health was then drunk with musical honours. Mr. J. Lamb, in proposing tbe toast of " The Premier," said they were all very glad to be able to welcome him amongst them on the present occasion, and though probably at some future time, through a diversity of political opinions, they might be called upon to engage in a friendly contest, still he was satisfied that there was per fect unanimity of feeling pervading the meeting that day. The toast was drunk with three times three. The Phemieb, in responding, said that of course it must be a great gratification to him to find his health proposed by one of bis own political antagonists. He thought there never was a Ministry in Queensland who owed their position so much to the Opposition as the pre sent Ministry did, and he liked to be well opposed. He had been well opposed during his flection for Mulgrave and had survived that; he had had very virulent opposition during the whole of the time he had been a Minister of the Crown, he had survived that, and he was now just as "fit" at ever. (Cheers.) He had left the district as member for Mulgrave, and he returned as Prime Minister of the colony, and he took what he had seen upon this visit to his own electorate as an indication that he bad a majority in that constituency pretty well satisfied with what he had done as a Minister up to the present time. The Govern ment had met with great difficulties. They had been called tyrants and autocrats, but that kind of thing was all nonsense. They were carrying out their own ideas. The duty of a Government was first to have ideas of their own, to impreus their own side with the vale. > of their ideas, and then to educate the Oppa*k»on upon them, and ho believed that no Ministry «v>uld carry on I their work with credit co thet.selves unless they intended to carry their own way. When they brought their ideas before Parliament they should be prepared to carry them through. He could not say that the present Ministry had found Parliament jumping at their ideas. There was not a single idea they had* brought forward that had not had the severest scrutiny, not only from the Opposition, but from their own side. Take for instance the Divisional Boards Act; they had had obstruction to that It was B»id they were going to ruin the colony. The same was the case with the mail contract, that was going to ruin the colony ; but they saw the advantages of the Divisional Boards Act and the mail service acknowledged everywhere now. They could point to all their measures, and they stood now, after three years' trial, with success having followed their most conspicuous measures when failure and disaster had been predicted by their opponents. (Applause.) They had had an uphill game, of course, as ih*» interests of the colony were so diversified tbat it was a matter of groat difficulty for any utatesDm.i to get bis^m to fully meet with tbo approval of tne^^^|r o* tbe representative of the coNy^^^^^^lwayH been a matter of Bi>"ie 4h'fM^^JJaany measures they carried weie to a certaiu extent uenßurea of compro mise. They had made the best use they could of the large majority they aad to carry out their own ideas, and they had succeeded to a certain extent. Of course they had other and what people called ironically " bigger ideas " to come id still, and they were just as determined to carry those out as the rest. It was not a matter of personal concern either to himself or his col leagues whether they were Ministers of tbe Crown or not, but while they did retain their positions they felt themselves bound in honour to carry out their ideas aud opinions. There was only ono life before such men, and that was the life of a politician, and to tbat life he (Mr. M'llwraith) appeared to be committed now. Still he could cay, for him self at all events, that they were perfectly willing to stand aside and make room for their opponents whenever they showed they were better men than themselves. (Applause.) He thanked them for the way in which they had drunk his health, and with the leave of the mayor he would propose a toast before he sat down, and he hoped he would be able to say more upon the subject when he opened the line to Mount Perry. The toast he was going to propose was, "Success to the Bundaberg and Mount Perry line." They all knew the interest he took in the Bundaberg district. He had had a great deal of troublo to convince his friends, and a great deal more to convince those who were nut his friends, tbat the Bundaberg and Mount Perry line was a good one to make. His idea was right, and be would leave no endeavour untried iv the working of the line to make it a success. He believed thoroughly ia the mining capabilities of Mouut Perry. He bad the opinion of the best authority on mining matters wbc had ever visited the colonies —Dr. Robertson— aud that gentleman's opinion of the Mount Perry mines gave him the greatest justification he had yet sees for making the line and opening up the district. He was satisfied that the< time was uear at hand when the Mount Perry mines would be yielding ore to a far greater extent than any they had yet Been iv the colony. No doubt at the present tuai the mining district waß labouring uuder difficulties. They could not see the same result immediately after opening the line as they could after the opening of the Maryborough and Gympie line, because there they had obtained their ultimate object to a certain extent—they had got to their terminus and the whole traffic came on to the lino at once. Here, on the other hand, they had no chancd of seeing what trade would come on the line. Ab Boon as they got to Mount Perry ho was certaiu the people who advocated the line would be fully justified in doing bo. In pro posing the toast he should couple with it tbo names of the Mayor of Bundaberg and a gentle* man who was known to them as Captain Bennett. Captain Bennett replied to the toast at length. The Mayor (Mr. K. Huddle) endorsed the en comiums passed upon the Premier by the previous speaker. The workmen on the line were then invited to have something to eat and drink, and, curiously enough, they did not pretest very loudly. All the picnickers resumed their seatß in the train, though before starting the occupant* of the different trucks took care to make provision for any possible drought on the way back to Bunda berg, which was reached some time aftw <5 o'clook. Thk Banquet. All this festivity, however, was only the be ginning of the end, for the Bundabergianß were bent upon doing th.,139 nroperly, and so 8 o'clock found about seveuty ur eighty of the principal residents of the town and district assembled in the Victoria Hall at a complimentary banquet to the Premier. The mayor presided, the guest of the evening occupied the seat oi honour on Lia right, and Alderman O'Connell occupied the vice chair. The Mayor proposed th« health of " Tho Queen and Royal Family," which was drunk in the usual cordial mauner. The Vicjs-chairnuxt proposedthi "Governor," and the ÜBual-";'>!' good follow" business followed. The Mayor then p "oposcd tho health of the guest of the evening. The toast was drunk with enthusiasm. The Prkuibr said it gave him very great pleasure to reply to tie toast just proposed by the mayor, and he appieoiateu tuu hearty manner in which it was dcui.k. He was returned for Mulgrave after a good deal of hard fighting with men whom he saw a-'ound him to-night, and whom he respected noi c the less that they had onoe been opponents. He had left Bundaberg; as the representative f the district, and had) returned as Premier nd Colonial Treasurer of the colony. ,Che<ra.) When he went down to Brisbane be found a very empty Treasury. There was nothing iv it—less than nothing—there was a great deal of money to pay, trad nothing U pay it with. He had got to find it He die find it : he bad paid his way for tie lant t tree years, replenished his treasury, and had 1- ft it full to overflowing when he camt; up bee. He did not think they ex]>eoted a politii <tl speech from him, but if ther- were an) bjiuing questions before the country at the present time he would have no hesitation whatevor in expressing his opinions upon then:. -To doubt great changes had taken place in the coiouj aiuce he wsb there. This district and the whole colony had been in a very depressed condition, but their prospects were much better now than they were then, and he looked forward to a continuance of that pros perity. They had had to act cautiously, and had been taught some very hard lessons, but he thought they knew how to govern themselves better now than they did a few years ago. There was one matter which he was glad to find had been taken up by the people there, and those who tpok any interest in the last general election would remember how perseveringly he had insisted upon the advantages of local self-government. He thought that was one of the most important subjects they had to deal with at that time, and although his most strenuous supporters did not seem to have the same high o- .ion of it as he had himself, still he though, that his work during the elf-ctiou did a large amount of good in awakening tho people to the importance of the subject. No sooner did he get iuto Parliament and into power thau he brought this matter before the House. He believed it had done a great deal of good, aiH ;f wonM do still more wheu people saw better the advantages to be derived from local self-government. No doubt the present measure was but a crude one, and wai only trying to bring into action the princi plea of local government, and they mu gradually adopt improvements from the defi ciency of the Act aa seen from experience of its working. The time of Parliament since he bad been here before had been taken up with many other matters ; an important part of his work was to get the finances of the colony straight. That took some considerable time, and then they were met with a large amount of obstruction ou account of some measures they had brought for ward, notably the Divisional Boards Act, and iv the next year the mail contract. The mail con tract was, in his mind, such another matter as local self-government, and founded on the samo principles. All through his political career he had considered it as of the greatest importance that Queensland should Btand before the world as a colony to be considered entirely upon her own merits—(applauee)—that she should not be dependent upon any of her big neighbour**. It might be considered impudence for a youug colony like Queenslaud to try to be independent and walk herself ; but when thoy uoticed how the trade of a colony was influenced by judicious legislation and action, he thought they would admit that the measures they had taken had had the effect of bringing an immenae amount of trade into the colony, which should never be diverted from it. This colony hud, of course, sprung mainly from tho other eulonie» of Vic toria and New South Wales. Thero were probably none there who had not Bume connection with the other colonies. The iuteresta of all parties down there was to get our produce, ami they would sell our wool aud wugar for iv ; thoy would buy fruni urn, well fur urn, and would tirnl any amount of money so long as we did our work through them. He was, however, quite satisfied that we could do all that work our selves. We had, or ought to have, the Bame advantages of dealing with England as they had, and thst idea was at the foundation of the mail contract. He was satisfied they were in as good a position to become direct contractors with the home merchants as the people of Sydney and Melbourne were. He knew it would cost the colony a good deal at first, because £50,000 or £60,000 a-year was a large sum for a small colony, but when he considered the indirect advantages which must necessarily accrue from the existence of a through mail Bervico and a direct channel of trade, he did not hesitate for a moment. They could see the advantage of it now. There was not a single storekeeper in the ports of the colony who was not in a position to become a direct customer with the London merchants as easily as before he could with the Sydney and Melbourne merchants. (Applause.) That matter took up a great deal of the time of Parliament, not because it was a matter that there was any difficulty about understanding, but Bimply through the extraordinary obstruction that was given to it by the Opposition, who were forced on by the local Liberals of Brisbane and Ipswich. To show how very unjustifiable that obstruction was, although last year for nine weeks they sat in Parliament without having the slightest chance of bringing it to the vote, and although his opponents when the Go vernment carried their point telegraphed the contractors warning them that the Opposition would never consent to the money being voted, still, when the item came on for discussion on the Estimates this year it passed without the slightest show of obstruction or even objection. It was passed at once, payment from January of laßt year and payment in advance for the whole of this year, without a single word of oommentand the reason was that the thing had proved a suo cess. He did not want to refer to the personal persecution he had received—his friends all told him he did not look much like a persecuted man —he could never be cast down by that kind of thing. Taking only the political aspect of the question, the Oppositiou had committed a groBS. blunder, for which they were now suffering. He believed in straightforward upright opposi tion, and he was ascußtomed to opposition all his life. He had never been elected without opposition. The duties of an Opposition in Par liament were only in a degree less than those of the Ministry in power. The Opposition wa» bound, if they conducted themselves even decently, to become the Ministry Borne day, and therefore they had great duties and responsi bilities, and could not possibly expect to become a Ministry unless they wl rked well while in Op position. No Ministry, Lowever good, could be trusted in a country under Parliamentary Go vernment unless they were open to the criticism of, and were criticised by, a strong Opposition. His experience was that the better the Opposition the better the Ministry. When he spoke of a strong Opposition he meant, of course, a good Opposi tion that intelligently criticised and helped to mould the various bills brought before Parlia ment by the Government That was an Opposi tion that would do good, and that would leave their mark upon the government of the country quite as much as the Government themselves. He was afraid the present Ministry had been getting too strong, not so much because they were powerful themselves, but beoause they had got a weak, unreasoning Opposition. (Applause.) He thought that that was a danger to any country, and he should be very sorry to see the Opposition in such a position that they could not challenge every action they did. Their power, no doubt, was greater now than it was when they commenced, but it was so to some extent because they had been successful in the things whioh they had insisted upon carry ing through the House. There was not a single case in which they had been obstructed that they had not come out right in the opinion of the colony. To show the utter demoralisation of the Opposition, just look how bills passed through the House within the last two or threo months. They had put a good programme be fore Parliament, which he thought would have occupied a session of five months. The usual opposition and challenging of the Government policy in every possible way paosed over in about the first month ; and when the Opposition had challenged tbe Government and found that there was no way of breaking them, the whole of the bills went through with a facility which sometimes made him uneasy. That, however, was not a good thing for legislation, as tuero were a great many subjects brought before Parliament upon which members and the public required to be thoroughly instructed by full and searching du cussion, and he confessed that there were some subjects upon which they had tried to legislate last year which were but imperfectly un derstood by himself. Fortunately they had had most matters before them for many years, but after the fight for place and power was over, many of the bills brought up this year received but little deliberation at the hands of the Houue, and it was well that they had received full atten tion from Ministers and members in previous sessions. The only criticism received by the Go vernment was upon their personal characters; the Opposition said they were not men fit to be trusted with the business of the colony. That was all simply nonsense, and no men knew it better than the members who were constantly bellowing it to their iguorant followers. He did not think there were a dozen men in the colony who knew them that had any want of faith whatever in their personal integrity. (Applause.) With regard to local affairs, he was not going to address them on thoae matters that night. He believed they had had enough of politics, and he had only said these few words as their member returning to them and making his first explana tion since the general election. He hoped he would have another opportunity of seeing them before the next election, and perhaps talking more intimately on political affairs. (Cheers.) Before he sat down he had a toast to propose, which he did with the greatest pleasure, and that was, " The Town and District." Perhaps no greater indication of the advancement of the town and district could be shown than the hall in which they sat and the faces he saw before him at that moment. Three years ago he knew almost ttU the faces in Bundaberg, and he did not know oiio-half of the faces he saw before him now. That he took to be a sign of the prosperity o{ the district, as it showed that others were coining in now who appreciated the advantage* of the dis trict and wished to Bhare in them. There was no questionabout the advance of agricultural industry, and the temptation held out to capitalists by the quality of the soil in the district had been already Bhown by looking at the large buildiugs which were being erected by Mr. Cran. They would see that what he bad foretold was very nearly come about, as when they found such a man as Mr. Cran pledge his fortune and credit upon the district they might' be perfectly sure the district would go ahead. (Applause.) They would not be far behind in the mining interest. He had a hazy notion himself, not founded on actual facts, however, that they were going to get gold between Bundaberg and Mount Perry. He had no fear about the copper, as the best geolo gist who had ever visited Queensland had told him that the copper ore on Mount Perry was as rich as any he had ever seen. Hia opinion was that with the facilities given by the railway the Mount Perry copper fields would be among the most profitable in the world, and that would be the best justification they could have for making the railway to that place. He begged to propose the toast of " The town and diatriot of Bundaberg and Mulgrave." Alderman Adams replied to the toast, and proposed " The Agricultural Industry." Mr. G. J. YorjNO responded. " The Commercial Interest" came next, and was replied to by Messrs. J. Lamb and Duffy. Then followed "The Mineral Interest," responded to by Messrs. J. C. Walker and Captain Ben nett ; " The Pastoral Interest," replied to by Messrs. Barton and Drinan. The next toast was that of "The local industries—sugar and timber," which waß replied to by Mr. S. John ston. Then came "The Army and Navy," replied to by Major Geary; "The Mayor and Cor poration," replied to by the Chaiuman. " The Preßs ;" " The Ladies," coupled with the name of Mrs. M'llwraith ; " The memories of old pioneer*," proposed by Captain Bennett, and drunk in silence; " The Chair ;" and "The Vice-chair," were each proposed in turn, and responded to ia suitable terms. The Vice-Chair oalled for three cheers for "Our Gueßt," and they were given with all the energy left in those who cheered. The Pre mier thanked all present for the excellent recep tion they had given him, and stated that he had made arrangements for a longer Btay in Bunda berg at no distant date. After singing the National Anthem the company broke up. Deputation. 27th October. A deputation of about twenty gentlemen waited upon the Premier at the Cußtom House Hotel this morning, and were introduced by Mr. S. Johnston, who said that the objeot of the deputation was to bring under the notice of the Premier the fact that the employers of labour in the Bundaberg district were in favour of the introduction of coolies under certain restrictions, such, for in stance, as those whioh governed the introduction of Polynesians. Mr. C. J. Young had been asked to draw the attention of the Premier to what they considered a hardship in having to pay deceased islanders' wages. They were brought in under engagement for three years, and the employers had to pay heavy passage-money for them, and what they wanted was to have the passage- money acknow ledged as wages due to the inlanders, so that until1 they would have earned the amount of their passage-money they should not be paid any wages. There was another matter in connection with the working of the Act which pressed rather hard upon the employers. They were at present compelled to pay islanders wages in the presence of a police-magistrate, and this was often the cause of great inconvenience and loss of time. The remedy they suggested for this was the substitution of the words "justice of the peace " for " police-magistrate " in the Act. Alderman Gafkkll said the introduction of coolies was only in the interests of the sugar growers, and hoped the interests of the working man would be studied, and that this black labour would not be introduced into the colony. The Premier, in reply to the deputation, said there were some matters brought before him re ferring to the working of the Polynesian Labourers Act, and these could only be affected by legisla tion. Some of them appeared to him to be very reasonable, and some did not For instance, the difficulty in the way of paying the Polynesians seemed to him absurd. He could Bee no reason why the labourers should be brought into the towns to be paid, except for the convenience of the P.M., and he could sea many against it. He would refer the matter to bis colleague in whose department it was, and no doubt a remedy would be found for it With regard to the other point raised, that the passage-money should be considered as part of the wages of the Polynesian, to be earned during the term of his engagement, and should he die before hu engagement was fulfilled, his employer should retain a proportional amount of tbe waßea earned, there was a certain arithmeti. cal truth in it, but it was exactly the same as if, for instance, he hired a servant girl to take up into the bush, and paid her passage-money there; if she was to get married before her engagement was complete it would be perfectly absurd that he should ask her husband to refund the passage money. He believed that a Polynesian should be paid for the time he worked ; of course when one died it was a loss to the employer, and he thought it was only fair that the employer of Polynesians should take the risk of tbe passage-money. He would not advocate any amelioration of that clause of the Act, and even if he did he was perfectly sure it would not have the ghost of a . chance of being carried. About the coolie ques tion, he had requested the gentlemen who spoke to him about this deputation to see that the various interests of the place should be repre sented, not the planters alone, but the merchants and working men of the diatriot, and he was glad to find his wish had been carried out in that respect His idea differed altogether from that of Alderman Gaffel, who assumed to represent the working men. He did not consider it was a question as be tween white and black labourers at all He was perfectly satisfied,from what he had seen of tbe advancement of this colony, that if the/ had not had black labour in the colony they would not have had a Bugar industry. Mr. Hume Black was an intelligent observer, an intelligent thinker, aud a reliablo man in statih tics. He would read thorn something of what was contained in a paper he put bbfore the House, and ho was satisfied they would theu see that the introduction of these labourers benefited not only their employers but the whole of the distriot, including white labourers, mechanics, and merchants. He took the district of Muckny, and examined the working of sixteen plantations. These plantations in the aggregate comprised 7896 acres, and 6737 acres were crushed. The kanakas employed in the work were in the pro portion of three and a quarter to one European. For every £1 paid the kanakas, £3 15d. was paid to the European labourer throughout the whola district, aud £6 17s. 6d. t.> the uierchaute, traders, and farmers in the district ; and taking the total they found that for every £1 paid the kanakas £10 12a. 6d. was paid to the Europeans. These facto spoke for theuiaelvep. Again, they found in the census of 187b' there were 2479 Europeans and 1334 kanakas in the district; well the kanakas had increased to 2087, and the white population had increased to 3700, so that the kanakas bad increased by 753, and the white population by 1221. The plain conclusion to be drawn from these facts was that black labour does not compete wich white labour at all, and that were it not for the black labour in the district there would not be em ployment for the white man. From the senti mental view of the subject he would not care to see white men employed in the cultivation of sugar at Mackay or any district further north, as he believed there was work to be done in oonueotion with it which was only fitted for the black race. He would leave a few copies of Mr. Black's report with them, as they were well worth studying, aud bore out what he had said, that so far from there being any competition between the two classes of labourers, the employment of black labour bene fited the white labourer. What the Govern ment had done in regard to the coolie question was this : They had plaoed upon the Estimates for this year a Bum to pay an inspector for the preseut year. That item had been withdrawn ; but not, as was Btated, because the Government were afraid to bring it forward, because they were not frightened to stand by their principles. The item was withdrawn simply because they did not want the money, and they had not changed their minds in the slightest respeot as to what they intended to do. There was a Coolie Act in existence, and a gentleman would shortly proceed to India for the purpose of conferring with the Indian Government as to the introduc tion of coolies. The restrictions in their case would be quite as stringent as those for the in troduotion of kanakas. He understood the Indian Government took the coolies under their protection, and would watch them all the time they were here. The Government would be prepared to give the planters all the assistance they could. He might say he had always been opposed to the introduction of kanakas into the interior of the colony, because he did not believe in their mixing with the general population. It must be understood that the coolies were to be intro duced only for sugar-growing. The point raised by Mr. Adams of a farmer whowasgrowiugsugar cane being allowed to employ kanakas, and a farmer who grew corn was not allowed, that matter had been thoroughly del ated in the House on the passing of the Act, and it would be hopeless to expect the House to make atay alteration in that respwct He thought himself the distinction was absurd, but it was one of the concessions that had to be made in passing the Act He thought he had answered all the points raised, and wished to know if there was anything else upon which information was desired. Alderman O'Connell asked whether it was the intention of the Government to throw open the Isis Scrub lands again ? The Pkemieu said he understood the land had first been thrown open in large blocks of 5120 acres, and was rightly withdrawn for reclassifiua tion as soon as the value of it as scrub land came under the knowledge of the department. He believed it would soon be gazetted as open. Rockhampton, Ist November. In my last I started the Premier for ttock hampton, and after a pleasant and safe pansHge in the I ady Bowen, he arrived with Mrs. M'll wraith in that town at 1 o'clock on Saturday. I must go back a little, however, to touch upon a point of interest — Eupatoria l'oint. The Bowen arrived in Keppel layabout 4 a.m. on Saturday, and found the steam-tug Fitzroy in waiting for her near the lightship. Mr. Jardine, superintendent of the river improvements on the Fitzroy ; Captain Hansard, of the Queensland royal mail service ; and two or three other gen tlemen down from Uockliampton, came on board the Bowen. A start for town was made about half-past 5 o'clock, and on the way up it was de cided to inspect Port Alma, the future port of Rockhampt,n, and to which it is intended to extend the Central Railway. TORT ALMA. On arriving opposite the site of Port Alma the Bowen came to an anchor, and maps and plans were produced and inspected by the Premier, Messrs. Nisbet and Jardine, and your representa tive, Captains Hansard and Cottier being present to afford information. Port Alma is splendidly situated for all the purposes required of it, and has deep water at low tide right up to the bank. While in Rockhampton the Premier expressed his intention of having the work in connection with this port proceeded with immediately, and as an earnest of that intention, tenders were called for clearing the land at Port Alma aud Eupatoria Point before I left Rockhampton. THE PREMIER IN THE CENTRAL CITY. The Premier's arrival in Rockhampton was to have been attended with some ceremony, but in consequence of the enforced delay of the Lady Bowen—owing to an inequality in Francis Channel, which haß as yet escaped the notice of Mr. Nisbet —all arrangements fell through. The Premier was, however, met by his brother-in-law, Mr. Wm. Ml I wraith, of the Bulletin, and conducted to Morgan's Criterion Hotel. TO BUSINESS ! On Monday morning the Premier was waited upon by a deputation from the Rockhampton Chamber of Commerce. The deputation, con. sisting of Captain Hunter and Messrs. Rees R. Jonea, W. F. Walton, T. S. Hall, M. D. M'Eacharn, was introduced by the mayor, Mr. John Ferguson, M.LA. ; Messrs. A. Archer, M.L.A., A. Feez, M.L.A., and W. Pattison were also present. Captain Hunteb explain*d that the deputation had taken advan tage of the presence of the Premier in Rockhamp tou to draw bis attentiou to the direction being taken by the Northern Railway. It had been understood all along that these main trunk lines of railway wore to go as neiir due west as possible, and the deputation observed with some concern that the Northern Railway wan taking a large deviation to the soutb, which was contrary to what they understood to have been intended when these railways wore projected. They considered this deviation was calculated to interfere with the trade of tho Central Railway. He did not know whether it was too late now to make any altera tion. A map showing the route of the Northern Railway was then produced, and the deputation contended that the railway should have been carried due west from Charters Towers, and it would not then have interfered with the trade of the Ceutral line. Mr. Fekz stated that ho had been informed that the obstacles in the way of constructing the line due west were no greater than those met with in bringing the lino more to the south. The objection of the deputation to the present route of the Northern Railway was that it would be likely to take the trade of Muttaburra and the Ceutral district, which they cousidtred rightly belonged to R >ckhampton. The Premier, in reply to the deputation, stated that the railway had been taken south in the first instance to tap the Cape River gold fields, but that so far its route was as nearly due west as practicable. That the route chosen was the proper one appeared from the fact that it followed the roads taken by dmys to Normanton. All the Qulf trade from Townsville went by Hughenden. This deviation had been befo c the public for over twelve months, and he was sur prised that, though Rockhainpton was represented by two members in Parliament, this matter had never been mentioned during the discussion upon the motion for the approval of the plans of this railway. If the objection now takea had been raised when 'the extension ol^Mkilway was before the House, and if it could have been shown that it was possible to construct it due west, be would have opposed its present course himself. Hjs information to the contrary was from an official source, and he would like very much to know from whom Mr. Feez had got bis information to the effeot that the route due west was as practicable as the one at present taken. The proceedings of the deputation then assumed the form of a general conversation upon the subjeot in hand, in the course of which Mr. Fkez stated that he had talked the matter over privately with the Premier, who, however, said he did not recollect his having done so. The Premier, in answer to many objections raited, pointed out that if the line had been carried due west it would only have been forty miles to the north of Hugheuden. He also pointed out that from Muttaburra to Townsville the dis tance as the crow flies was about 290 miles, whioh was about the distance from Muttaburra to Cometville ; so that Muttaburra was nearer to Townsville than to Rockhampton by the distance from Cometville to Rockhampton, and conse quently the Muttaburra trade could not be said to belong to Rockhampton. He stated that when the plans were before the House he thought Mr. Macdonald-Paterson was absent and the late Mr. Rea made a speech about something else. Before conclud ing he quoted the following from what the Minister for Works was reported in " Hansard" to have said on the subject :—" Before he sat down he was reminded that, although the motion carried in 1879 stated that the line, was to be taken west of Charters Towers, that was not practicable. If that were done the line would be taken to a plateau from which there would have been no possible descent; therefore they had been obliged to take it a little south of west instead of due west." He further stated that if the members of the deputation were not satisfied with the information they had received upon the Bubject he would be glad to make further inqui ries. It was very strange to him that they should come to interview him upon a subject of which they knew so little. Mr. Pattison called the attention of the Premier to the duty levied on casks. He Baid that a duty was imposed upon the casks which were used for exporting a product of the colony, and yet when they came back they had to pay duty on them again. The Premier said if Mr. Pattison would make application to the Commissioaer for Customs, and give full information upen the subject, he, as Colonial Treasurer, would take the matter into his consideration. Mr. Pattison, in answer to inquiries, said the rivers had not been flooded for twelve month?, and that was the reason why he could not get wood. The duty upon the staves and casks w^b 5 per cent, and in many cases the casks upon which he paid duty as imports had been manufactured in his own cooperage. The Premier said that if he could show them that the casks were made of material on which duty had already been paid, no duty would be levied on them again. The only thing would be to satisfy them that the material had been in the colony before. THE BANQUET. On Monday evening the Premier was enter* tamed at a granrt banquet in the hall of the School of Arts. The Mayor presided, and there were about 200 gentlemen present. The healths of " The Queen," " The Prince and Prince-a of Wales and.the rest of the Royal Family," and " His Excellency the Governor " were proposed by the chairman, and were drunk with musical honours. The Ma tor, who on rising to propose the next toast was most warmly received, said that the toast he had to propose now was one which he was sure would be cordially and enthuoi astically responded to. it waa the toast of "The Mjuiatry, coupled with the name of the Premier." He was uure they were all pleased to have this opportunity of entertaining him what ever views upon politics they might have ; and however much they might differ upon political questions they were all as one in giving the Premier a hearty welcome to this town and dis trict. (Applause.) It was a great pleasure to him, aB mayor of the town, to have had an op portunity of inviting bo many of his fellow citizena to meet there the head of the Govern ment of the colony, and a member of a Ministry of which he was himself a supporter. They all knew well that the prosperity of their town and district depended to a great extent upon the extension of their railway into the in terior and the completion of their river improve ments. Well, he thought he could show them that the preßent Government were fully alive to this fact. They went into ofliee three years ago, and since then there hod been constructed and opened for traffic eighty- seven miles of their ru lway, eighteen miles were now under construe ti on, making 105 miles ; fifteen miles were to be commenced directly, and in additiou to that there were also thirty-two miles of the Clermont line under construction, making in all 152 miles completed or under construction within three years. That was exactly twelve miles more than all the previous Governments had done for them since the first sod of the Central Railway was turned. Another matter upon which he would like to say a few words was the Queensland royal mail service. Although a good many were trying to throw cold water upon that service, he considered the making of that contract was a most statesmanlike stroke of policy. Anyone who wished to see this colony progress would approve of the action of the Government in making this contract, and he was quite satisfied that this mail line would largely increase both our exports and imports. No doubt the trade of the port suffered at present from a want of facilities for shipping goods. But " Rome was not built in a day," and a lino of steamers like those of the Queensland mail service could not be expected to be in apple-pie order in six months. All the difficulties he had mentioned in connection with this line would be got over in a very short time. They would re member that when a deputation from the Cham ber of Commerce waited upon the Premier in Keppel Bay about four months ago, and pointed out these difficulties, the Premier being a shrewd business man Baw their situation at OHce. He there and then saw that what they needed was a deepwater port, and he went into Port Alma, and went ashore and ex amined the nlace. He saw-how suitable it would be for a de^pfefcf port for Rockhampton, and he promised that he would recommend that a sum should be placed upon the Estimates for the improvement of the port. He thought they all knew the result. There was a sum of £25,000 now available for the improvements of Port Alma, and he had the Premier's authority for stating that the work was to be gone on with almost immediately, and that when completed there will not be a port in Queens* land equal to it. (Applause.) He might mention a oase in point, which would ■how what this mail service would be as a cargo line. The directors of the Central Queensland Meat-preserving Company were under contract with the French Govern ment to Bend a trial shipment of moat by the last steamer. They intended to send this ship ment by the Queensland line, but owing to the want of proper facilities for the shipping of it the agents of the steamer sent an open punt, and the weather being stormy and rough, they ooold not send the meat in this punt, and they bad to send it on to Sydney, which cost them exactly 10s. a ton more than they would have had to pay if they could have sent it by our own line. When the works at Lake's Creek were in full working order, they expected to ship something like 7000 tons of meat a year, and at 10s. a ton that would amount to £3500, which was 10 per cent of the subscribed capital of the company. He now called upon them to drink the toast with all the honours. (Loud applause.) The toast was received with much enthusiasm. The Premier, who on rising to respond to the toast was greeted with great applause, said it was a great gratification to him to be met in the cordial way he had been to-night. He could not help remembering that it was in the town of Rockhampton that he was first entertained as a Minister in this colony. The remembrance of that dwelt in bis mind, and the present occasion aerved to recall it. On that occasion, as on this, it was laid down by the chairman of the meeting that politics were to be set aside. They had tried to do that to-night, but the Mayor had, after all, managed to make a semi- political speech, at all events. He had got in a good deal of comment upon the Ministry, and he had given him (Mr. M'llwraith) great pleasure from the way in which he (aid they had appreciated the efforts of the Ministry to do good to the colony. He had referred in one part of his speech to the fact that he did not know a great deal of difference between Liberal and Conservative. Well, he (Mr. M'llwraith) could cay that that was the posi tion in which he had been for the last ten years. He was a rank Radical at one time him self, and he knew that there was a great deal more in the words " Liberal" and " Conservative" than in the meaning of those words as used in Queensland. The colony could not be charmed now by the word "Liberal," and he was quite ■ure that the colony would not now be put from supporting good men simply because they were put down as " Conservatives." He had always understood that a " Liberal" was a man who took a wide view of the affairs of the colony generally, and was not circumscribed in his ideas by localisation. He was a man who could often Me things that would benefit his own district immensely, but if the same principle was applied to the whole colony it would be the ruin of it, and therefore he was often prepared to sacrifice his own district for the good of the colony at large. That was what he understood by "Liberalism." The Liberal statesman, in his opinion, was always looking out for something that would do good to the colony, no matter what it was, so long as it went to make thin colony a populated country, and that watt what he considered prosperity to be. Let them just Hpply his somewhat roundabout definition of Liberalism to the preseut Govern ment, and see what tbey hud dove. They bad been in offlets about three years. When they came iuto office they were met with obstruction ■uch as no Government of Queensland had met with before. This was done, not because they ware trying to keep back some reform that they did not believe in, because they were opposed to no reform, but they were obstructed simply because they insisted that the main lines of railway should go into the interior of the colony. The obstruction to their policy in the first year was simply the setting of branch lines against main liueß, and there were several of these little branch lines raised every day to obstruct their measures in the House. The extension of the maiu lines iuto the interior was what he had always considered as progress, and was the kind of progress with which he had always been identified in the colony. Another great measure of the present Government was the subject of the next obstruction, and that was the Divisional Boards Aot. That was a most progressive measure, which struck directly at the roots of centralisation, and decentralisa tion was what every liberul statesman in this colony ought to take up and support as muoh as he possibly could. No greater blow bad been struck at centralisation than was done by the passing of the Divisional Boardß Act, and that had got to be acknowledged now all over the colony. That was the second ob struction they were met with. The next large portion of their policy that came before the country was the mail service to which the mayor had just referred, though in Bomewhat doubting terms. [Mr. Ferguson : "No."] Well, he said there were those who did not believe in it, and he (Mr. M'llwraith) had such great faith in it himself that he could not even hear a hint of any doubt in the matter at all. How ever, that was the next great portion of their policy, and that, which was one of the most progressive measures which had ever been taken up in the colony, was also met with pure and simple obstruction. These wore the three most important measures which had been intro duced by the Ministry during the last three years, and he asked, when considering these, in what way had they proved not to be Liberals— at least according to his definition of the term ? He did not think they had seen anything of the results of the mail service up to the preßent time. They had seen quite enough to give them confidence in it, but they had not Been anything of the ultimate results. He him-elf considered, four or five years ago, that this colony was in great danger, from the change which had taken place in the shipping arrangements of the world, of becoming a mere appeudage to New South Wales. (Ap plause.) He was of course perfectly aware that a country with the vast resources of Queensland could not permanently remain an appendßge of any place, but he felt that, for their lifetime at all events, they were in danger of becoming an appendage of the other colony. They were all aware of the great ohange whioh had taken place in the carrying trade of the world : sailing ships were being fast superseded by steamships, and this change bad been going on for the lest twenty years, but with accelerated rapidity during the last four or five years, and especially in the Australasian colo nies the change had been truly wonderful. He had seen that the whole of the trade between Queensland and the rest of the world must ultimately be carried on by means of steamships. And this was the way in which it was going to be done. From the way in which capital was introduced into these colo nies, there was not the slightest doubt that the great groove of the traie of Queensland would be through New South Wales, and the port for the centralisation of the shipping trade from England to the Australian colonies would be Sydney. If the Government of this colony had allowed the trade to go through this its natural channel —for he admitted at once that that was its natural channel, as it was the only channel which invited capitalists to put forth their greatest strength—and if they had not inter posed and done what they had done, be had not the slightest doubt that the whole of the Queens land trade would have been diverted to New South Wales and Victoria. (Applause.) He had never for a moment advocated that thedireot mail arrangement would be an annually economical one in the beginning, as be saw they would have to spend £50,000 or £60,000 a year for it; still he saw they would be doing so for the ultimate advantage of the colony, and that the coat of the service would be returned to the colony in directly. He said that bo far as they had gone up to the present time the indireot advan tages of the mail service had fuily com pensated the colony for the expense they bad been put to. There was not a single merohant in the colony who could not carry on his business with less capital now than he could before the mail contract was made—all that meant immense money to the colony—and there was not a single merchant in the colony who was not better known in the English market than he was before the mail contraot was commenced. (Applause.) That was a great advantage whioh the mail con traot had been to the colony indirectly. Looking at it directly, he had got as much as he could for the money, and he could not spend more than £50,000 or £60,000 upon it But he said that even now the British-India Mail Service was as good a service aa there was in Australia, and he said that, considering the fact that there was no opposition to the Queensland mail service, it was a credit to the company which had carried out the contract up to the present time. That it would be an ultimate success he had not the slightest doubt in the world, and that it would be the quickest mail service to this colony be had just as little doubt. At the present time they were but maturing their arrangements, and they had a mail service even without the British-India Company. That was not the first time he stated that, but in the British-India service they had a mail service by a line of ships that would carry ou an enormous trade between this colony and Great Britain. That wan the kind of mail steamers they wanted to see here, and he said that before another year there would be a fortnightly Bteamer, and before two years there would be weekly steamers ; and not only the British-India Company woull be here, but there would be other companies in it, each anxious for a share in the prosperity they saw coming to Australia. He took it as a great compliment to himself and his colleagues that he h-<d been entertained so handsomely there that night, and he thought it was peculiarly a compliment when they con sidered the circumstances of the case. He said frankly he appreciated what the mayor had Baid —though it might not appear very modeßt —when he praised the Government for having been a just and equitable Government. No greater proof of that could be found than in what Ministers had done for this place, though they had never received any support from it and had never looked for any. Still he was proud that a gentleman like the mayor had been returned for this constituency. lie was sure that that gentleman would admit, and they all must admit, that the present Ministry had never done anything that showed the slightest dis position on their part to acquire a vote in this district. They had been in the hands of a Government who, in carrying out works for the good of the colony generally, had overlooked such small considerations as that a particular member was not a supporter of the Government. (Applause.) He was sure when they arranged their scheme of railways it never struck them to consider whether Mr. Faterson or Mr. Rea was on the Government side ; but they carried it through from their own faith and confidence that it would be for the advantage of the colony generally. He would go further than all this, and say that he took it almost as a personal compliment to the Ministry that they had re. turned the Mayor of Rockhampton to support them, when on two important points that gen* tleman had told them he did not believe in their policy. He did not want to make any man swerve from bis honest convictions, except by sound reasoning, but he could assure them that no matter what votes were given it would not make the present Ministry swerve from their convictions. They had got the credit of being stubborn to a degree, and it had been said of them that they had first coerced their own party, and that they had then gone in and coerced the Opposition. (Laughter.) That had been the character given them up to the present time ; but really a change Beemed to have come over the spirit of the Press in this colony because now they were credited with actually being afraid of their own pro posals. They had been told that during the whole of the last session they were afraid to bring forward the Transcontinental Railway. No greater mistake was ever made. They were not afraid to bring it forward, and the reason why it was not brought forward last year was simply because it was not there to bring forward, and that had been told to the House, but it had been the custom to Bay that they were afraid to proceed with it. Depend upon it, the Ministry were not frightened, and he had not altered his opinion with regard to railway construction in the slightest degree. They had passed a bill last year authorising the Government to make permanent arrange ments for having railways constructed in the interior of the oolony by land grants. Of course there were two parties to any such agreement, and the Government had waited until offers were made, and until these offers ware matured and put into such a position as they could be ap proved by the Government, and when that ocourred the Government would not lose one moment in bringing it before the House. It was not a matter to them what they would have to pay, as they stood by their principles. He knew that in the colony a great deal of animosity had been shown to the Transcontinental scheme ; but he had looked in vain for the arguments upon which it had been founded; still, he thought he saw through it all—the fear that once the railway was taken up to the Gulf of Carpentaria Rockhampton would be wiped out He did not believe in anything of that sort, as he had far too much faith in the capabilities of this district and port, and he thought it was a question of whioh it was impossible to take such a narrow view. His idea upon this matter was not all because it was the cheapest system by which to make a line, as he had always known that though the Government were in the best position to borrow money they were not in the best position to spend it, because when men spent money upon their own interests they made better use of it than a Government could. He had Been that it was practically impossible to develop the oolony upon the principles of borrowing money in Eng land, and he held that opinion now. Still, as re garded the main trunk lines, he would not allow one of the main trunk lines of this colony, while they were able to borrow money to make it, to come to a stop. That had been his policy all through, but he was determined to use all his power while he was in the Government, and while he was in opposition too, to bring forward a scheme perfectly independent of their borrowing power in England. He thought that if once a railway was made to the interior of the colony on the land grant principle its success would be so great that several others would follow, be cause he was satisfied that there was bo place in the world where railways could be made to greater advantage than here, and he was satisfied that the result would be, when once they got a railway into private hands, that there would not be a part of the colony in the next ten years that would not be covered with railways. That meant increased production, and from whatever source they got increased production it would be of great benefit, and there was no town likely to benefit more by it than Rockhamp ton. The Government, then, were not afraid of this scheme, and had not changed their mindß in the slighest degree, and the supposition that if the line was carried to some part of the Gulf of Carpentaria all the trade would go to that place, and the whole of the aea coast would be turned into a wilderness, was not worthy of a moment's consideration, as there was no foundation whatever for it. Even at the pre sent time a large amount of trade went there, but the facility that would be given for the raising of all products by means of railways in the interior would be bo great that all oi.r sea board towDB would be increased to cities in a very short time, and the progress of the colony would be so great that the taking of some of the trade from one town to another would be a very small matter in the general prosperity. There waa auother point upon which he might make some mention before he sat down, and it was one iv which the mayor differed from the present Government, but he did not shirk making a few remarks upon It. He referred to the coolie question. The mayor, like himself, h.»d been an employer of labour in thin colouy, and he might say he had never employed a coolie. He had not refrained from doing so because he objected to it, but from economical grounds. He had always been engaged in squatting und in putting up large works, and he had aimply employed white men because he found them the best men, and he had no doubt whatever that that would be found to be the case through out Australia. He had always held that coolies Bhould not bo introduce 1 into the interior of the colony. And he would be very sorry to ace immigrants coming to this colony, and being put in a position '.hat would necessi tate their workiug upon 8u tj ir lands. He wanted to see them at better work. And as to its being a question whether white or black should be em ployed, he said it was a question whether any of them were to be employed ; and if they did not get the black man to do tbJB kind of work, he would do everything he could to prevent the white man doing it. He thought he bad touohed upon moat of matters of importance, and, with the assistance of the mayor, he had made a little political speech. He was exceed ingly pleased at the cordial reception given him. The Ministry had during their term of office had the courage of their opinions, and had not been slow to avow them, and though they had committed some mistakes—it was impossible for any Ministry to remain in office for three years without committing some mistakes — they bad determined in spite of all opposition by law or otherwise to do justice to the colony. He could say there were no Ministers who had worked harder for the colony, and no Ministers more ready to stand aside when men came forward who oould show they were better fitted for the Government of the country. In thanking them on behalf of the Minister for Lands, he alluded to the fact that the pre sent Minister for Lands was the only head of the Lauds Department who had been nblo to clear the office of work. Under other Ministers the work had accumulated to such a degree that all the pigeon-holes were stuffed with papers of old cases. The present Minister bad altered that state of affairs, and whenever a case came before them now they saw exaotly how it stood. He need not speak for all his colleagues. The Colonial Secretary was well known to them, and they would all have been pleased to see tho demonstration there to-night, which he considered as an example of the pros perity of the town. It was about seven years since he was in Rockhampton as Minister for Works, and the Rockhampton people were a ■mall body then to what they were now. They all knew the possibilities of the towo, and the probabilities were very great; but he was surprised that the agricultural industry in the neighbourhood of Rockhampton was so neglected. They had a magnificent back country, and why agriculture should be so much neglected he could not understand. He thought that, like their neighbours on each Bide of them, they should grow sugar and corn. Why they should have allowed the magnificent port they had at Port Air i to lie so long hid was another matter he did Dot understand, and why they should have allowed a stranger like himßelf to drift up to it from the steamer. He alluded to the faot that they had also a grand canal in Casuarina Creek. Before sitting down he had a toast to propose : it was," The mayor and corporation of Rockhamp ton." He knew they would cordially drink the toast It waa a toast he could properly be called on to propose because the corporation of Rockhampton have a name in the colony above that of any other corporation for the unswerving desire they had manifested to pay their own debts. There was no corporation with which the Government had more satisfaction in dealing. He attributed to this the fact that men of high standing took an interest in municipal affdrs, and did not, like those in other places, think them beneath their notice. The. right men had come forward in Rockhampton, and had stamped their character upon the corporation, and gained for it great respect in the southern part of the colony. As for the mayor, he did not want to butter him, though his worship had been buttering him (the Premier)—(laughter)—but he would nay that if he made many more speeches like (he one to which they had just listened he would make his mark in the Assembly. They wanted practical men there to look after the interests of their constituents, and not keep harping on subjects of no practical in* terest, and to give a decent support to the Government. (Laughter.) (Mr. Archer : "While they are worth supporting.") Mr. Archer said to support the Government while they were worth supporting. When they were not worth supporting he hoped in mercy they would give them a quick despatch. They would welcome Mr. Ferguson in the Assembly, not because the Government wanted a vote, but because the town would be worthily represented. (Applause.) The Chairman briefly acknowledged the toast. Mr. W. Pattison proposed the Parliament of Queensland. The Hon. W. F. Lambert, in responding for the Legislative Council, compared the action of the chamber of which he was a member to that of the Corporation of Rockhampton—they ende- Toured to do their duty to the country unin fluenced by any interested motives whatever. Mr. Abchkr, who was received with much applause, spoke at some length, and referred to the business done in Parliament during the late session. Mr. W. G. Jackson briefly proposed "The Army, Navy, and Volunteers." Captain Hansabd briefly responded. COINS OUT WEST. The Premier and Mrs. M'llwraith continued their tour this morning by the 6 o'clock train from Rockhampton. I understand he goes by train to the head of the line at Bogantungan, aud from that township by coach or buggy to Killarney station, on the Diamantina. It is said that he is to return via the Northern Railway and Townsville; and, speaking so far, he ha* every reason to be proud of the reception given him. And now the hon. gentleman having plunged into the " Never Never," bU oppor tunity for making speeches will in tbe future be so very limited that I have come to the conclu sion to cut my connection with him, for the present at all events. I do it reluctantly, as I know he will miss me sadly. 