A COUPLE OF 'OUPS' AGO. Br IT. Waiter Swan. ' The face that seemed to be the blankest and barrenest there was that of Sichard Tracey. He sat four seats from the front of the grand-stand, and the slight shadow of pain which had been upon him from the first seemed to have deepened into bewilderment that carried a sense of ruin. Tracey's drawn features were those of a man who had staked his last hope and saw it snatched away. The last cry and the last cheer of the seething crowd above and below Hm was all that had entered his mind. It reverberated through brain and thought with echoes that died away and swelled back again— like the volume of an organ peaL like a distant slender cry, like the blare of a, multitude. He had lost, and it was no wonder if his white hands trembled, or if, when he felt absently for his book, he could not find it. The clangour of voices, the people away before mm, the sweeping course that had helped to ruin him, invaded by eager thousands, died away, and there was nothing presented in its stead but blankness. He looked across the beautiful Spring day, over the rustle and nollowness of silk and laughter, and nothing presented itself but a great numb blank, with a dun writing upon it, that he knew but dared not read. It was a sentence of disgrace and social death. There is no tale oftener told than this— ^not indeed by novelist*, but by every newspaper in the country. In their columns is to be seen, week by week, the same story of shame; and gin and brokenness, always with the same weary surroiandings'. Tracey was like many another. Alone in the world, he would have been brave enough to stand up and defy it. He would have laughed at ite greedy clamour and defied its dishonour able codes of honour. If the cravers that he must soon meet were all he had to think of he would have laughed at their evil eyes, but there was more. Not 5 miles from where he sat stood the rose-covered Alfred Cottage with its wide verandah and its peace among the shadows in the breathings of the honey suckles. There would be waiting for him /there on that ovening a lady with reverent Miair, and with a love {hat had never faltered ^anci a pride always centered in the lonely her fair patrician face and that rare smile of welcome he thought bo win ning. But for these two figures, one so beautiful in the calm of the winter, and the coming of the twilight, the other so bright in the spring time that had come waiting for the mellow summer thereafter — the path of one going softly down to peace, the path of the other going up among the flowers towards happiness and bles sings -what need to have cared for all the rush and roar that was around him with the terror that was within ? That morning the two faces were the pride and joy of his life, but they held a fear for him now worse than death, as he sat there drawn and blank. 'Now then, Dick,' said a young fellow, working towards him amongst the seats and the gay dresses with exaltation on his fresh face, ' the cup is over and you told me to come for you, you know. I've won the last sweep and Barbara gets the gloves. Mrs. Tracey said I was never lucky. Look there,*' disclosing a sovereign and a crown- piece in bis hand, ' come on, Fm in haste to tell Barbara. Why, Dick, what's the matter? Are you ill?' and quick concern came to the speaker's face as he looked at his friend. . . Tracey sat staring before him as unwitting of the voice that had spoken as of the human figures before him. Neither the picture of the lawn with its unfolded trains and con trasts of colour, nor the masses of life beyond, Baught his eye. There was another picture before him and there was a purpose in it not consonant with the gaiety and sheen of all alse beside him, and of the bright day around find beyond him. The young fellow stooped low and spoke gravely : 'People would think you were mad if they saw your face now. Whatever it is ails you let us get home, the people are jeginning to observe you. Are you strong inough to come ?' Tracey seemed to shiver and pull himself xjgether. He quietly buttoned up his coat, patiently and tremblingly returned the book to bis pocket and looked at his friend. ' What were you saying, Charley ?' ' That you look as if you were very ill, is if yon had suffered some sudden blow. The people are beginning to stare at you, Dick. Are you strong enough to come lome ?' Tracey pulled his hat leaf down over his face and rose. ' I don't think I am strong enough to go home — that is not yet. Let us try what a glass of brandy will do.' La an hour a returning train landed both an the platform of the railway station, and they stood for a while looking up and down the empty streets, almost entirely swept of life and fall of son and silence. ' Give me your arm while we walk, Charley.' He had not spoken to his com panion since they left the course till now, and his voice was low and level and solemn. Charley looked and listened in a frightened way. Such pleasure as the day had brought him appeared to have gone ; such successes as he had met with were forgotten. ' You asked me just now on the grand stand if I felt strong enough to go home: I mean a while ago. How long is it since ?' ' Abuut an hour.' ( ' The hours travel quickly then ; I thought misfortune made them slow,' and the speaker laughed aimlessly. ' « I was going to say that [ am not strong enough to go home, and you must go without me. I made an important engagement since the Cup race, and just before you came. I purpose fulfilling that sngagement first.' Charley stopped, and looked earnestly at the speaker. ' Listen, we'll drive home and engage a whole cab to our two selves, Dick. Listen,' and he shook the money in his pocket. ' It won't be extravagant on a day like this.' The face of the elder remained impassive, and Charley' s hand found its way to his shoulder. ' Look at me, Dick — look at me in the eyes.' ' Mr. Tracey looked at the speaker wearily for a moment, as a sudden look of expression and yearning came to his face. He put his hand hastily before his eyes, and stood thus a moment beside his waitingfriend alone in the still street, below the sun that was splashing the windows with gleam, and painting the spires, and stealing with its impartial brightness to alleys that were dank with orgie. When he took his hand away, his face wore the expression that his friend had first noticed, but there was tenderness in his eyes. 'It' 8 no use, Dick,' and there was a quiver of fear and affection on the sensitive mouth; 'you must come with me. Dear old Dick! I cannot go without you. You will come?' and the speaker's hand crept from the man's shoulder towards his face in a boyish, caressing fashion. Mr. Kichard Tracey said, loudly enough to be heard, had anyone been near them on the street, ' I will not go with you ; my engage ment is a private one, and I intend to keep it. Grood-bye.' Charley was turning slowly in the direction of home, but Tracey hesitated, and came back hurriedly, with his hand held out in saluta tion. ' Good-bye. God bless you.' When Charley Pern walked across the paddocks from the omnibus towards the rest fulnees of Alfred Cottage, the sun was grow ing yellow, and the shadows longer. The noise of the returning traffic was beginning to drift up from the road, just penetrating the repose that was in the heavy branches of the pines. The little garden and lawn were walled in by hedge, blossomed with briar and rose. Behind it was the patchwork of flowers, and beyond the sea. The dark shade of one of the trees had stretched away across the path, and spanned the gravel from its root to the verandah, where it was mingling with tracery of creepers, white with bloom, and filled with fragrance. When he opened the gate he saw the afternoon's brightness on Barbara's yellow hair, and near by a face that was gray and tranquil. They were watching the sun spinning threads among the leaves, and waiting for the sound of footsteps. The calls of birds were around them, striking through the wide, faint monotone of the sea. *' Where is Dick ?' asked Barbara, meet ing h™ in the flush of the sunset. 'He promised to return.' Partly the sunlight, partly the darker back ground of the house and the flowers that lived around its made Charley Pern forget the question for the questioner, and yet he could not forget entirely the foreboding he carried with him when he and Tracey separated. 'What a picture you would make if your portrait were taken now, Barbara, in the middle of this sunset, with that background of flowers. How peaceful everything seems here. The dust is rising on the road not a quarter of a mile away ; look at it yonder with the sun colouring it into a golden mist, and here is nothing but freshness and green ness and bloom. I won five-and-twenty shillings, and you have won the gloves. Look,' and he showed the girl the money as he had shown it to her brother at the grand stand. ': Where is Bichard, Charley ?' t seeming to show '^nm the face he had parted with in the empty sunny street. Charley replied with a new expression and a somewhat unsteady voice : ' He told me in the city he had a short private engage ment to keep.' 'A short private engagement? He had none this morning.' ' I went to him immediately after the Cup was run,. and found him sitting staring at the Plat as if he had dreamed a dream or been stupefied with a blow — ' ' Then he is ill, Charles Pern, and you are here without him.' Charley felt something like a gasp in his throat as he went on to say : 'I asked him at the stand to come home with me, but he did not seem to hear for some time. After appear ing to think for a while, he rose and left with me for town. When there, he said he made the engagement just after the cup was run, and before I reached him, and he must fulfil it.' The sound of the traffic on the road had grown faint, the day had deepened into twilight, the voices of .the birds had ceased. Mrs. Tracey moved out from the darkness of the shade as silently as the shadows them selves were falling, and the folds of her dark dress mingled and merged with them, but her face and white hair were as distinct in the dusk as her voice was distinct on the silence. ' Did Sichard say he would come home ?' ' He said his engagement was a short one.' 'It is growing cold Barbara; go inside Mr. Pern, and I can speak here.' Charley saw the white figure moving away slowly above the sound of walking upon the path, until the deepening twilight hid it, and the quiet of the finished day rested on both like a listening pause. ' Now take your tune, Charley ; call upon your memory for every episode of the day since you joined my son, and tell me all you know, and all that is in your thoughts. God help me ; I feel a foreboding of sorrow 1' It might have been the something of sup plication that was in the firm voice he had known so long. It might be that his own fear for his friend was roused, but he told what he knew brokenly, as if he also felt there was a sorrow coming. ' And, oh ! believe me, Mrs. Tracey, I put my hand upon his shoulder as I used to do when I was a boy, I mean younger than I am,' he explained witn a stammer, 'and the words I said were, ' Dear old Dick I can't go home without you .' Then he answered sharply and loudly, but there was no one in the street to hear, that his engagement was private.' Her voice sounded broken and distant in the darkness as she spoke again : ' This is not like my son. I do not re cognise him. What else ? I am waiting and afraid.' 'I turned to leave, andlie turned, then came back a few steps, holding out his hand.' Fern could but just hear the lady's voice, and he knew if there had been light he would have seen tears on her face. 'What did he say ?' ' He said good bye, and God bless you.' In a moment her pale face was close to the speaker's, and her hands were holding his. ' Charley Fern, for yo ur poor mother's sake I have watched over you and loved jou next to iny own these many years. You will do my wish -now as you always have, my son. You are my only and best dependence. This night you must go back to town and find Kichard.' Her hand had found his shoulder, just as his own had found and rested on her son's a few hours before and with like persuading. 'Do not return to Alfred Cottage without him.' Pern could not see the face, but he could feel tht trembling hand. There was a pause ; the silence seemed heavier than before. 'Did you ever know Dick to gamble ?' Charley felt the hand close upon his shoulder, and he knew the tone of bereavment and fear that was in the answer. 'Yes.' ' Do not stay up, Mrs. Tracey. At any hour of the night, or of the day, when I have found him, I will return.' ' Go 3 see, it is dark, the lights are shining out from the Bay, and from the town. Charley, there is great danger. I can feel it, as though I knew now what I shall know hereafter. Beniember there are sleepless eyes and maybe .a breaking heart at Alfred Cottage. I can only pray ; the friend of the widow and of the fatherless, He will help you.' The voice broke in sobs. He put his strong, young arm round her gently, and held her hand, as he led her to the verandah. He saw another figure flitting up before them, and when he brought the widow to the darker darkness, where the climbing flowers were, her daughter's arms were waiting, and her daughter's voice spoke bravely. The day was well advanced towards the afternoon when Mr. Tracey, looking curiously tired and dusty, found his way to the hotel, where the gay and honourable men assemble who belong to the sporting circle. The blooming wearers of blazing stones and heavy watch chains, and heavier faces — badness in eyes and speech — hadnotyet come. They were away using their metallic pencils on the sward, contemplating their wives in the colours and silks they had pecked from pigeons, and otherwise bustling and aggres sive with odds and lusty curses. There were other pale and drawn faeeB in the Stand in not a few seats of the front, or from the front. They were scattered many wheres these drifts of fortune with the anathema of specu lation on them. But the sporting men, with their books and bets, and battered codes of honour, were in huge form, exultant red and loud. They had not yet returned from then* harvest, and their hungering eyes were still greedy above their figures. The counters of the hotel where, the honour above the chances. The barmaids were dressed and silent, waiting for the irruption, and the waiters saw Tracey walk wearily in towards one of the private rooms. He paused for a moment, came back to the counter and drank some brandy, then entered and closed the door. A waiter of super natural observation drew a napkin through his hand and observed to a companion how he thought 'that 'ere cove was hard hit.' Tracy closed the door quietly behind him and sat down. -^ He took a little phial from his pocket and pulled the paper from it, on which was printed a druggist's warning of poison. He looked at the liquid with a set despair ing face. In a few minutes he would be away over the threshold and into the gloom of the unknown, where were the sorrowful faces aghast of so many who had halted on the highway to heaven. Then rose before him the face of his mother. It came to him as he had known it in the past, bright with life and happiness, and filled with a love for him that was almost worship. Not so long ago, it now seemed to him, he remembered that face upon the sands, when the clear sky line ruled his sight from the distant lands and the far seas she had told him of. As plainly then as on the days that were in tboBe past years, came before hi™ the green of the pasture lands and the sombre tints where the heath blossom gleamed, and the great organ rocks echoing-Jfback the' music of the sea — there the tender face, with its light that was all for him, with its mother's trust and pride, and the wondering eyes of Barbara near. These followed him; these were drawing him back across the years into the times when the days seemed so full of hope and love. They w ere in every picture that floated by; they were with him in the evening times when the sacredness of the dying day clothed with golden blessing the silent trees and the distant mountains ; when the sadness that is not sorrow fell upon him, mixed with hope for the future and the coming days when he should go out for them in the sun rise of life to discharge the debt that had made his so happy, and bestowed upon it so much that was beautiful and fair. While these thoughts were with him the phial lay in his palm, and with them he drifted from the past into the future. His mother's hair was white now; how would her tranquil face look when she received the news ? He could picture the hopelessness and the deso A I li d 3 1 t] 1 u Jn 1 f 1 1 of the pasture lands, jiiid the sombre tint where the heath blossom gleamed, and tb great organ-rocks echoing tack the music ot the sea. lafcion of it. How would he have returned the blessings and the love he had enjoyed ? Her son, afraid to meet his own work, and coward enough to seek death, found dead in a 'sporting' hotel, she wrecked of every thing, and without the consolation of the memory of him, that he was also about to wreck. Her home, her means of living, her support gone, doubly widowed, and hopeless and loBt. And Barbara, with her bright hair and noble face, toiling for the susten ance that he should have toiled for, unpro tected, and trampled on by the hurrying feet of the striving world — the refined home gone, mother and sister adrift — where ? Mr. Richard Tracey raised his hand, and the little crystal thing he had spent so long in trying to obtain was shivered in fragments below the grate, while a perfume as of almonds or of wattle blossnm, filled the room. He had no idea whether the pictures which swam before him had occupied an hour or three. The room was dark, and the sounding of feet and hum of voices from which oath and malediction shot, beat against the door. A thin line of light crept under it at the threshold from where the voices were wrangling and jarring, where hoarse laughter shook them, emphasised with calls and jangling glasses. From his window he could see the calm stars and the quivering pathway the moon was making on the sea. The temptation had been overcome, but the trial he had determined to avoid was waiting, bitterer than ever. He had wrecked his home, and in his reoklessnese had thrown his mother's and sister's money to the greed that was surging out beyond the line of light ruled there at the door. Voices stopped at it and passed it } disordered and triumphant men rolled against it and staggered on — past the scene of a bitterer struggle than any on the course that day. Tracey listened in a stupor of mental exhaustion. A hand came out of the babel, fell upon the handle, hesi* tated, and left it. Shouts of anger and mocking voices came in across the narrow line of light. How long would they -and the flaring pandemonium have halted if he had been carried out stark ? Such was the world, or a part of it, on which lie contemplated turning his mother and sister adrif t. God help him; he leaned over towards the window silently, and, chastened by the rest that was in the silver night and the beauty that was in the glitter of the distant sea, he prayed and wept. ' In there, sir, the gent, went, bui-^Vhat glare and confusion tided in. Richard Traeey was over by the window, looking white, before the dim light that met the darkness. Charley Pern was on the threshold, looking bewildered and nervous. He had wandered everywhere be could think of, and the present was his third visit to the honour able circle of sporting gentlemen. The waiter slipped in nimbly, and the room became as bright as the bar beyond. ' Oh, Dick, I — I have been searching for you since eight o'clock, and Mrs. Tracey is frightened and heartbroken, fearing that something has happened. Thank God I have found you alive and well — that is middling. Dick, let us go home ; I was getting afraid, too ; it is past midnight.' ' Sit down, Charley ; I want to speak to you.' ' Wait till we get home, Dick. You look like a ghost.' Mr. Tracey went on without heeding the request: 'I told you to-day I was not strong enough to go home, and that I had an engagement to keep. I am scarcely strong enough to go home even now, and I have not kept the engagement I made. If it had been fulfilled you would have found me lying dead on that sofa. Do you see those sparkling pieces of glass below the grate and smell the perfume of almonds P I cast the temptation from me, Charley Pern, and did not commit suicide.' The pale, nerveless face, and the unsteady boding of the eyes, so altered his friend to Charley Pern that he scarcely knew him. 'Did you ever see a man weeping? If you had been here an hour or hours ago, I cannot tell when, you would have seen me here weeping and praying. Oh! the trial will be terrible ! and I am not yet strong enough to go home and disclose to them their misery.' 'Their misery?' 'Their misery ; that they are penniless out casts and beggars, that the old home, our old home Charley, is lost to us, that their shares in the railway and the bank, are lost, that bills are unpaid, and that I — ' he struck his breast savagely with bis open hand, ' whom they looked to as their support have brought all this ruin and disgrace upon them. Look at me well Charley Pern, I have done it all.' 'But—' ' Ay, you would ask how I have done it ?' Seeking to retrieve losses under the curaed spell of the gambling spirit, I plunged with my mother'^ and sister's money time after time and J. tried to win it all back this Cup. He laughed and wiped the sweat from his forehead and his wet, brown hair. 'You stay with us till after the holidays, Charley, till after the holy Christmastide that used to be so happy in the old house. It is your last Christ mas visit my dear old friend ; you will see us as of old no more. I am as strong as most men and I can slave and toil, bat, oh! my mother and my sister, and the dis grace of it. And all through me whom they trusted and honoured and loved.' The face of Charley Fern was as white as the speaker's now, but for all his whiteness and his fear, he said slowly and solemnly as if he had aged, 'I shall see more of you than ever. What is to be done cannot be done here Dick, let us go home.' They rose and went out and as they crossed the brightly lighted place, shouldered and cursed at by drunken men wild with debauch, the name Richard Tracey was called hurriedly. He faltered an instant, but his friend's arm was linked in his, bearing: him away from the cries and throes of the striving concourse. 'Gome on,' whispered Gharley Fern sternly between his teeth, ' they have given us trial and sorrow enough. Your mother is praying and watching and waiting. Thank God, you have escaped and that I have found you. Dick this is terrible.' The light was filtering out from the win dow upon the dark firs as Tracey and Fern walked up to Alfred Cottage. Tracey envied the repose that seemed all around, and half regretted that he too was not lying stilled from the trouble that was coming, and the blank and prospectless future that was so surely settling down. The door was opened gently, and the friends entered with the manner of trespassers carrying some message of sorrow. In the widow's eyes there was only a look of thankfulness. Across her old f aoe so beautiful with the seal of years there travelled an expression of intense relief, and the calmness that trial and shadows in the past had wrought upon her came back. 'You are late, Richard; your absence frightened us, and Charley here kindly undertook to find you.' The words were uttered in the lady's quietest tone and in her gentle way, but Pern caught the look of thankfulness and gratitude she gave him, and felt rewarded and proud, notwithstanding the cloud that was soon to break. Mrs. Tracey looked for a moment keenly at her son's face, and rose hurriedly with a new expression on hers— an expression of firmness and of suffering. ' Will you have anything to eat, Barbara has gone to bed ?' The hand of Mrs. Tracey that rested on the table was trembling, though she looked so calm of manner and spoke so quietly. There was fear in her eyes, and the shadow of some returned pain on her face. ' Mother,' said Tracey, disguising nothing of the situation in voice or look or gesture. The less disguised that his voice was cold, that his eyes were hot and glitter ing, that his face was set and pitiless. ' Do you know what I am and what I have done ? You do not know — how could you ? — that I have been a traitor to you and to my sister, and. that I, whom you trusted and loved as — as only a mother like you can love, have ruined you both. You do not possess a farthing in the world, it is all gambled and gone ; and this home '—he stopped for a moment with the light full on Ms blanched features, and held his hand out before him as pointing to it — ' is lost to you for ever. that you maybe outcasts in the street to morrow, and that from the sorrow and misery of the coming Christmas time there is no escape ? That son has been for hours to-day standing on the verge of eternity. It was not the fear of the darkness that detained him. Death offered peace, and the grave would hide his shame. It was his mother's face, as he had known it years ago, as he knows it now, that saved the would-be suicide from the crowning act of treachery.' Mrs. Tracey's lips had quivered more than once. The rising and falling of her breast told how the words had reached her, but she felt what her son would say before he spoke. It was the bearing of a trial she had borne before. Her husband's face was with her in the face of her son, telling a like story thus pitilessly against himself. That was thirty yeare ago, and together they had fought the loss and won the fight. Once beyond the chasm, it was passed for ever. The union of the struggle had united them closer, and deepened then? love. Often from the bright ness surrounding them they had looked back to that time to see how strength and light were revealed through darkness, and to acknowledge the guiding hand. And Mrs. Tracey lifted up her grand grey face, bright and hopeful, and filled with trength and yearning. ' Richard Tracey is my son, for whom I shall never feel ashamed. He has erred, he has sinned, but the danger has passed and the trial has begun. His mother is brave enough and strong enough still to face mis fortune, and her daughter ' — her voice shook and failed a moment, but she went on steadily — ' and her daughter is strong and brave too. The Christmas days that are coming may find us in distress, and their brightness may be gloomed, but they will never find us in despair. My son has brought to me the gift of his life. « All that I have is thine.' ' Richard Tracey sat down silent with his unaltered face. There were tears in Charley Pern's eyes, but he hid them in the shadow. That early morning, when the moon had passed and the only sound abroad was in great hushings of the constant sea, Mrs. Tracey opened the door of her daughter's room and came softly to her bedside. ' Dick is back, mother. I could not sleep till I heard his voice.' ' Barbara, my child, we will sleep together and together await the light. I am grow ing old, and our night may be very long.' There were the marks of tears and of deeper lines below her wintry hair. News of the illness of Richard Tracey was conveyed to the oflice, but it was not sus pected that he was sick unto death of that portion of his past life which had ended with the contemplation of his dark departure. He lingered for weeks on the border land in fever, amongst the pictures that had come to him in the sporting hotel and held *''? back from passing beyond the curtain into the shadows. The air that came down softly from the hills to meet the breathings of the sea, and the tender fragrance and freshness it carried from the flowers and the forest, were the blessings of the day, but the dark ness of the coming storm was lingering and inevitable behind. His home, his mother and sister had never before seemed so beauti ful as now. The preciousness of the happi ness he had flung away with reckless hands was never so clear before. Every figure that approached Mm might be the bearer of the first tidings of the wreck, and his mother and sister, and Charley Fern, knowing all, were braver than he. If he saw a line or a darkening thought upon his mother's face, bitter upbraidings swept him like a storm ; and brave Charley had been busy gaining knowledge and asking questions day by day for his information. Charley had found a cottage ; he had learned that Tracey's employers were feeling the want occasioned by his absence, but of all subjects there was no mention of the fatal Cup day or its sorroundings. As bis mother's hand had supported him by the sea so many years ago, her arm supported him now, but more than all her undaunted heart and her unshaken faith and trust. The Christmas season,at least, was the time for thankfulness ; from it the grace reached her that enabled her to keep hope and look out steadily on the trial. It was the time for happiness and gratitude, for a gift that was greater than all that could be lost. Why should she repine at a time when the voices of angels had swept the sky in praise above the humble Bethlehem and below the Stars ? One day before the gleamings that were dazzling and shooting at them from the waters : — ' If I Had but told you all,mother,bef ore the ruin came. If you but knew my fear for you and the contempt for myself when I looked at your peaceful face so beautiful to me below the age it carries. To you I owe a second life.' And she looked upon him with infinite tenderness and pride, and said, ' I am glad to see you more hopeful and stronger for the coming trouble. The darkness of it is nearly over, and there will come soon the shining of the true light. Here is Charley hurrying down from the house. He is troubled by the way he walks, Richard. The lightness and buoyancy seem to have left his figure. This is the beginning of it, my son, be strong.' Charley looked at Mrs. Tracey with an air so unmistakeably embarrassed that the lady walked away towards the cottage — maybe for the last time she could call it hers — and as she walked her sight was blurred with tears, and alone she bore her burthen of the tribula tion. ' Dick,' spoke Charley, hurriedly looking round. ' Do you remember the night of the Cup day when we walked through the crowd of sporting men out of the hotel, and one shouted out your name — a tall, handsome man all aglitter with studs and chains, and a flowing beard ?' ' I remember the night but dimly, Charley ; but I recognise the man you mean, he answered as a suspicion of the old blank came to his face. He met me in the street to-day, and asked where you were, and he seemed so indignant that you had not called on him. He gave me this letter, which he said he -would have sent to you long ago, but that he was not certain of your address. Never mind, Dick, the sooner it is over the better. There is the letter.' Charley, all hot and anxious as he was, stood for a moment irresolute, but when he saw the suffering on his friend's face, he too, walked slowly towards the cottage, Mr. Tracey read — Sir, — Although that decision of them ? stewards makes you the winner, I've half a mind not to pay. If you don't choose for to put in an appearance I'm — — if I am going to look after yer sugar, and you the heaviest clincher of the lot that I have got. IVo-thirds of my Cup profits are gone on the softest thing I had, at least I thought so, and it would hev been, only Pluto ran inside. I never knew a man too — — proud to come for his coin yet, but you. I now send you a cross cheque for £3500, and please acknow ledge receipt, prompt. I wouldn't hev gone to this trouble only we hev done business be I fore, which I hope is not the last. I'll take 10 to 1 on Oberon or 6 to 1 on Spencer, that's I short enough odds. I know after this you'll j give me a lift to get my book round. — Yours, j&c.;, I JoSIAH HeBBEBT. I P-S. — I hear you liev more bets of the same isovtout^^Don'tloseijj^nflr^^tim^^^^^t Richard Tracey turned giddy -tnd sat down to think. In the vague whirl of his thoughts he remembered that as matters had turned out owing to the stewards' decision he must be one of the heaviest -of the winners. The cloud had no sooner fallen than it was lifted. The sorrow of the trial had been passed through, and it had taught its own merciful lesson. The hand that had brought him through the darkest passage of his life was full of gifts, and carried a warning never to be forgotten. Behind the dark Christmas cloud was brightness, and the cloud was big with blessing. When Tracey entered the cottage his mother started in fear at his face, not knowing what the change meant. The expression that had been gradually deserting him for so long had returned, and the look she so well remembered in the boy's face on the sands was back again to the man once more. ' Richard, what — what is — your face is different. What is the happiness and why the joy that have come to you.' Said Charley Pern, pleadingly, in the garden : ' You called me your son that night, and I brought him back. Let me have the right to call you mother.' And Mrs. Tracey took his fresh strong face in her white hands, drew it towards her, and kissed bis forehead. 'Charley, my son,' and there was great love and softness in her voice, ' my Christmas gift to you will be the greatest a mother can bestow. Bar bara is yours.' 