AMUSEMENTS. The Theatre Royal was again very largely atten ded last night, when "La Fillo du Tambour Major" went with its accustomed spirit nnd suc cess. So grc-at has been the attractive power of the work that a week lias been added to the season. " Tho opera will therefore be produced until L'atui - day next, aud then Mr. J. C. Williamson and Miss Maggie Moore arc once more to appear in Sydney. An extremely enjoyable entertainment wau pro vided at the Masonic llzll last night by the mem bers of the Mcndcllseohn Quintette C'iub. Toe following was the programme presented :— Ovci- ture to Le Domino Noir (Auber), aria l'rom toe mad scene in " Lucin," with flute obligate (Doni zetti), Miss Cora It. Miller ; Quintette in B Hate;.. 87 (Mendellssohn), a a lngi-j molto, h (inuie— alle gro vivace ; fantaisie for violin on themes from "Faust" (Wieniawski), Isodor Sehnitzler ; romance and rondo for claiionotte (Ryan), Thomas Ryan. 8oIo for claiionctte on Themes, from " Lu Postilion" (lQan), Thomas Ryan ; 'J'ema Con Yariazioni. from lite posthumous quartette in J.' minor (Schubert), Souvenir de Spa, solo lor violon cello (Serrate), Frederick Gic;e ; song, l'e Meiry Birds (Cluinbert), Miss C'ur.r I(. Miller; Gavotte (Silas), arranged for quintette. Several of Um..e numbers have been previously noticed ; but nil laze night wore received, if not as eld friends, as de sirable acquaintance-!. The last courcrt ot toe series will be given this evening. The Queen's Theatre was crowded lo exee-rs last night, and Mr. Walter Reynold-,' new and very popular drama, ' Quid Erin," was in every way most ndvantugeoasly produced. It will be lepra- scnted again this evening, nnd until further noLieu. The audience at the G doty Theatre was o! u character of which nny prosperous and popular manager is proud. Too Iioilo was full and tin- spectators were delighted with the performance of " Motlier-iu-Lsw" and " The Corsicr.n Brothers." Of Loth pieces a detailed notice is held over. Mr. Macealie's entertainments at tho School of Arts are drawing to a close. Iu consequence of this, perhaps, the ball is overcrowded, To-day " Begone, Dull Cave " will be finally presented .-is a wo '.'.ir.vc performance, or.tl in the evening tit-.: popular humourist makes his final bow before a Sydney audience prior to his departure for .".iei- bourne. A large nutiien:c enjoyed tho performan-es of Mr. D'Arcy Read'-' ghosts at tlio Victoria Hall last tight. Mr. W. J. Virion annotinees the re-cper.iag of the Opera House en Monday evening, To enhance the attractiveness of a pretty and csrnmodious theatre Fee tense has secured excellent cnteifain- meats, and h ; commences Ins new campaign tho Montague-Turner Opera Company. Tins talented troupe begin the reason with " Faust." Mr. Frank C.d.es takes his benefit at the ..line-die Hall on Monday evening. 