PROFESSOR RICE AT THE ME- CHANICS' INSTITUTE. This gentleman who has just completed a tour through Tasmania, made his appearance for the first time before a "Vic torian audience, in the Mechanic's Institute. In the ordinary course the Professor would have opened in Melbourne had a hall been available, or terms suited, but accounts for his presence in Eyneton by the residence of friends in the district. On Monday night a private aeance was given, which seemed to excite an amount of curiosity. Mr Rice has for his manager Mr Gye, who possesses in a high degree, the requisite qualities for the position, and Mr Bertie Willison, formerly of the Stray Leaves Company, is advance agent; Mrs Rice assisted, and sang " Jaanita," and with Mr Gye, who accompanied on the piano, a duet, " The Larboard Watch." This lady possesses a rich, and pleasing contralto voice, and her singing was most favorably received. After the overture, the Professor entertained the audience with an exhibition of "mind- reading." He explained that there was no trickery, but that it was a peculiar gift with which he seemed to be endowed. He could not account for the ability he has to read the mind of others, but believes that in procesB of time it may be reduced to a science. A person having strongly impressed on his own mind the form of an article, and the place in which it is located ; the Professor undertakes to discover that article. Taking the hand of the tester, he places it against his forehead, and after a time he obtains what he terms a photograph, transferred to his own mind; and which is vivid or otherwise according to the tester's strength of mind. The_ first few tests are rather slow In solution. Many of the audience availed themselves of the opportunity of disproving the Professor's claims, bnt were vanquished. A pill-box, snuff- box, jug, policeman's helmet, a lighting-rod, and a bunch of keys were successfully discovered, and with but little expenditure of time. We must congratulate Professor Rica on his accomplished reading of the minds of.othera. There can have been no collusion whatever, and many who tested the Professor's powers, are leading residents in Eyneton, and beyond suspicion. The next item was " the wine and water test " originated by Miss Holmes, the medium. To the s of Dr Doyle, Messrs Buscombe, Drummond and Brown, water was changed into wine and then again to water. After mistifjing the audience and the Committee most completely, Mr Rice explained .the modus operandi, and shq wedhoweasy it is to gull especially where people are anxious to believe. The cabinet trick was successfully and cleverely performed. Bound tightly with m sash-line by Dr Doyle, to a chair and the doors having been closed, in a few momenta, strange noises were heard, trumpets sounding, bells ringing, and sent flying from the cabinet When the cabinet was opened the Professor was found sitting in the chair. The " hand- cuff" trick and the " iron-ring " trick were performed and the former exposed. The audienee were then shown the Professor's powers as a physiognomist,and gavea faithful and life-like delineation of the characters of Dr Doyle aud Mr Buscombe. The entertainment concluded with a "ghost" exhibition, in which an apparition issued from the cabinet, and remained in view of the spectators for several minutes, finally disappearing amidst a Babel of those discordant r sonnds by which- spirits are generally supposed to make their presence known. Professor Rice repeated his entertainment last night, and was more successful than ever in all his manifestations, especially the so-called " spiritnalistio ghosts." f s The Professor appears again to-night, and H will present an entertainment well worthy ' of being patronised. ] h 