BERTHA LANGLEY'S MISTAKE. Bertha Langley had been married just a year — a year bo fall of happiness it had passed liko a rtrenm. Her marriage had been tulkfd of as a dangerous venture hy her friends, for Mcrvyn Laugley was the member of an old but extravagant family, ami with small means and refined tastes men are apt to get into difficulties. But, so far, none o their evil predictions had been verified. Bertha was as sensible as she was pretty, and she put her heart into her housekeeping, determined that her hus band should, miss none of the comforts to which ho was accustomed. She studied cookery-books and household management. She put on a big apron in the morning, and dusted china, and made dainty dishes for Mervyn's late dinner; having been told by a very wise old lady, who understood men, that ill-cooked meals and a badly ordered house did more to alienate tlieir affections than the loss of beauty. And the result had verified the assertion, for Mervyn was as much her lover after twelve months of matrimony as he had been after three days, and would say often, as he came in from his office, and looked about him with a satisfied smile — ' There'6 no place like home. I wouldn't exchange my little wife, and my little house for all tbe gold of Golconda's mines.' Os the first anniversary of their wedding day, Bertha awoko smiling to find a bouquet lying on the pillow beside her, and Mervyn said as he bent down to kiss her — ' I mean to give myself a holiday to-day, and take you for a drive into the country, Bertha love. It is a poor heart that never rejoices, and I have too much reason to bless my wedding-day not to make a fete of this anniversary.' Bertha made a necklace of her white arms to draw his face down to hers, aud then she said, sighing — ' We are so happy, Mervyn, I am almost afraid. If anything were to happen to make us less to each other than we are now I should break my heart.' ' What should happen, you foolish child?' he said, half-chidingly. ' Don't you know that the first year is always a good test ; and now we have found out that we suit each other, there is nothing to be afraid of. Besides, we love each other entirely, truly, and perfect love casteth out fear.' 'It has never occurred to me to doubt you yet, Mervyn ; it isn't that ? ' ' What is it then, my love ? ' ' Nothing, only that I am, as you say, a foolish child, dear, and not having a trouble in the world, I want to make one.' Mervyn Laugley became suddenly very grave. ' Don't try to make troubles,' he said ; ' when they come of themselves they come much too soon, and there is surely no reason why our future together should not equal the past.' ' Of course not,' answered Bertha, smiling through her tears ; and she smelt at her bouquet, and said no more. But a heavy presentiment of corning evil went with her through the day that should have been so pleasant, and marred its brightness. Even when she and Mervyn were wandering through the woods hand in hand, gathering wild roses and honeysuckle, like a couple of happy children, she would 6hiver slightly every now and then, from a feeling of oppression she could neither conquer nor understand. But Mervyn did not know of this, and voted the day a great success, although Bertha was so tired she had to go to bed as soon as she reached home. But the drive through the dusty lanes in the summer twilight had been very delightful, she said the next morning, and altogether she had had a happy day, that it would be nice to remember always. How ever, when Mervyn had gone off to his office, she confessed to herself that she felt, somehow, languid and depressed. Being of a cheerful disposition naturally she could not understand her own mood, and busied herself about her household matters, hoping that occupation would drive these foolish fancies away. She succeeded in part, but they returned in double force when about four o'clock in the afternoon she received the following note from her husband — Dearest Bertha, — I hare bnsiness that will detain me in town uutil quite late, so don't expect me to dinner. So Borry. In great haste, yoor always loving Mervtn. There was nothing the least suspicious about this note, and yet the moment Ber tha had read it a demon entered her heart and whispered : — ' It isn't business that will keep him in town this evening ; don't allow yourself to be so easily deceived.' And yet to doubt him seemed very WTong and shocking when that very morning he had parted from her with a kiss and a tender smile, and they had been all in all to each other for one happy year. Bertha determined she would think of it no more, and having made pretence of eat ing her solitary dinner, she put on her hat and walked towards Mersham in hopes of meeting her husband coming home. Their house was a mile out of the town, and when Bertha had gone about three parts of the way, she began to feel tired, not being quite well, and sat down in a field where she could watch the road with out being easily perceived by the passers hy. She had not been here more than five minutes when she saw a tall figure she re cognized as her husband's just turning the corner ; and to her utter surprise and con * eternation, by his side walked an elegantly dressed woman, whose very carriage showed, poor Bertha thought, a coquettish consci ousness of being handsome and attractive that filled her with jealous rage. And Mervyn was evidently cognizant of the fact too, for he turned to her in speak ing as if his eyes loved to linger on her face, and once Bertha noticed that he had his hand on her shoulder as if to add im pressiveness to the words he was saying. Bertha was nearly suffocating; but her indignation was at its culminating point when they stopped just in front of the hedge behind which she was hidden, and Mervyn said— ' ' I must get home to Bertha now, or she will be wondering what has become of me.' ?'Very well,' his companion answered; ' but when Bhall I see yoa — to-morrow ? ' ' I will call at your lodgings at about eleven o'clock. I think it would be better you should not come to the office again, for you are tbe- sort of woman whom no one could overlook, and people will.talk — won't they?' ' As far as -I am concerned they may talk as much as they like. I am too miserable to mind.' ' My ' dear Florence, why do you take such a despairiug tone ?. I am sure we shall be able to manage things and make you happy. You know I will do my best.' ' Yes, I know that,' she auswered sadly. 'But all these complications harass1 and discourage one. However, T won't keep you from your wife,' she added, smiling, as Bertha thought', very cruelly. ' For good ness sake don't let her suspect anything, or all our plans will be ruined.' ' I am not so sure of that ; but I suppose you must have your. own way for. the pre sent.' ' And for tho future too, I hope,' she said with a coquettish movement of her graceful shoulders. ' You know I always manage to get it somehow.' ' 'What a woman wills, God wills, tho French say,' observed Mervyn, laughing. ' At the same time it doesn't do to trust too much to one's luck, you know.' 'I don't trust to my luck. I trust to you, Mervyn.' ' I am proud of your confidence, Florence ; but I think this must be our last con spiracy. There is poor Bertha — — ' ' I don't see that Bertha is at all to be pitied ! ' exclaimed his. companion disdain fully. ' You aire always worrying yourself about her.' ' As in duty bound, Florence,' he auswered, with a gravity which Bertha thought must needs conceal a world of self reproach. ' Poor child ! it is hard I should be forced to deceive her.' ' Then you had better give me up alto gether, and leave me to my fate,' replied his companion sharply. 'I shall drowu myself in yonder river if you do ; but that won't matter, of course.' ' You are talking very foolishly, Florence. Suicide is a terrible sin, aud the supremest folly besides, for surely it is better a6 Shakespeare says, ' to bear the ills we have than fiy to those we wot not of.' ' ' But supposing the ills you have are un bearable ? ' ' When philosophy fails us, endurance steps in,' said Mervyn. ' Forgive me for preaching, Florence ; but you really deserve it when you speak in that way.' ' I speak as I feel ; it is my nature,' she replied. ' But I really mustn't keep you any longer from Bertha. You will be sure to come to-morrow ? ' ' You may rely upon me,' he answered, and then, to Bertha's infinite disguBt, he bent his tall head and kissed the woman at his side. ' Good-by, Florence, and don't show yourself more than is absolutely necessary in Mersham, They are not accustomed to women of your appearance, and will be trying to find out who you are.' ' I think they have been doing that already, for my landlady told me this morning she had been asked about the handsome widow — meaning myself.' ' Very impertinent of her, I must say ; but you are so imprudent, Florence.' ' I can't keep msself shut up always, and you know you said yourself people would talk.' ' And the circumstances are peculiar of course.' ' Very peculiar,' she observed with a short laugh. ' Good-by again.' This time they really parted, Mervyn hurrying homewards, the other returning to the town, whilst poor Bertha sat Btunned and trembling on the bank, a terrible impulse moving her to make such an end of herself as Florence had threatened, and leave her husband free to marry the woman he preferred to herself. But Bertha was a Christian, and the evil impulse was not only conquered, but repented of in a minute, leaving her with a horror of herself th.at such a thought had been possible. She rose from the bank and took her way slowly towards home, dreading now to enter the house which a few days ago she had looked upon as an earthly paradise. How should she meet her husband, she wondered, and would he dare greet her with a kiss. But whilst she lingered, revolving these questions in her mind and trying to mark out a line of conduct for herself, their rich neighbour, Colonel Stanley, came by on horseback, and seeing Bertha, said in a tone of unaffected surprise — ' What, alone, Mrs. Langley ? Surely your husband is not ill ? ' ' I have no reason to suppose so,' she answered with unconscious sharpness. ' He was quite well when he left me this morning.' ' I am glad of that ; but you see you are such a pair of turtle-doves when by chance one is alone you fancy some thing must necessarily be wrong with the other.' The colonel was a handsome, fast- looking man of about five-and-forty, whom Mervyn had often warned his young wife to keep at a distance ; but women do such foolish things when tbey are angry and miserable, and seeing her husband coming to meet* ber, Bertha, who was so utterly wretched she could have cried her eyes out, began to laugh and talk so coquettishly that the colonel (who did not see Mervyn) sprang off his horse and led it by the rein that he might walk at her side. ' I think it is very old-fashioned for husband and wife to be fond of each other, don't you ? ' she said, showing a delicious dimple, which Mervyn had so often admired when they were old-fashioned.' ' It is very cruel towards your neighbours at any rate,' he lowered his voice to say. ' Why cruel ? ' ' It rouses all the worst feelings of their nature.' ' I don't see why it should.' ' Put yourself in my place, Mrs. Langley. I, sitting at my lonely fireside, look out of the window and see you and your husband go by arm-in-arm, smiling into each other's eyes like a pair of happy lovers, and at that moment all the Cain in me is stirred up, and I feel as if I want to kill Mr. Langley — for whom I should have under any other circumstances a great liking — and take his place,' Bertha laughed loudly enough ; but there was no real merriment in the sound. ' I think men are all alike ; they only want what they can't have. ' The prize obtained tbe pleasure ceases,' you know.' You are the last woman in the world who ought to speak Jn that way, Mrs. Laugley. Your husband has j-ghpyy.n, no ? disposition yet to neglect the; prize he; has obtained.' . A strangely bitter smile passed over Bertha's young face. '01 of courso not ; I was speaking gonorally. and. giving you the .result of my 1 experience.'. ; ? ^ .j-— ''t \- ' At nineteen your. experience oughn't to be. worth ?miipli, Mrs. Laugley.' , . . ' Oughtn't it'?... Don't you know; Colonel Stanley, that £001% Momen^f sixty,hayen't ? seen nearly aB . much. . of : life , as ; a great i many girls have ? I assure you .Ifeel. quite , as old, whatever I may. actually be jn'l years.' . ; 1 ; ; He stared at her in some surprise, IWas ] it possible thathisprettyneighbourlsmarried ; happiness had been a deception and a snare . all along ? He . had . faucied there was no skeleton in the cupboard at Laurel Cottage, . but it seemed as if Mr, and [Mrs. Langley were no happier than others, after all, and that love in a cottage was, as he bad always supposed, a . mistake. Poor little thing I ' she was really so pretty that he felt quite - inclined to console her, and he said in his softest accent with the mellow subdued voice so many women had thought irresistible : 'If I were your husband I would take care that you did not feel old, Mrs. Langley. You ought to be amusing yourself. Instead of that you . are tied, down to. household cares and economies, I never see you at any of the parties about, and yet your hus band's birth entitles you to be there, and I do not know any person who would better grace our festivities. What does this mean ? ' j Mervyn was within hearing now, just behind, and Bertha framed her answer accordingly. 'I know I have lived very secluded, and ; aud it is absurd as you say at my age ; but j I mean to alter my habits, and enjoy life a little for the future.' I ' Then you will retract your refusal, and come to my garden-party the day after to- morrow?' he urged, looking at her admiringly. I ' Certainly, since you allow me to change my mind.' ' It is a woman's privilege, and one she exercises too often for our peace of mind,' he said, smiling. ' Can I really trust you to come, Mrs. Langley ? ' ' You can trust me perfectly, Colonel Stanley. I never break my word.' 'Give me that rose out of your waistband as a pledge.' If her husband had not been behind Bertha would have denied him indignantly; as it was she tossed the rose towards him, saying : ' It is not worth your acceptance, Colonel Stanley, for I have worn it all day.' ' Which makeB it ten times sweeter to me,' he began ; but his compliment was nipped in the bud by Mervyn's advancing the last few steps towards him and remark ing quietly : ' Thank you for taking care of my wife, Colonel Stanley. I was unfortunately de tained in town by busines, and not able to walk with her myself.. ' The colonel was a mau of the world, and therefore not easily disconcerted ; but he coloured slightly as lie turned to greet Mervyn. ' I am afraid I hardly merit your thanks,' he said, ' for I have only just met Mrs. Langley, and consequently have had no chance of taking care of her.' He raised his hat as he finished speaking, bowed low over the little hand Bertha ex tended to him, then sprang on bis horse and rode away, leaving the two to fight it out, as he mentally expressed himself. Meanwhile Bertha and her husband walked along side by side, but silently, to the house. Mervyn was evidently quite as angry with her as she was with him — a fact which puzzled her a little, for she could not understand jealousy without love ,* and after what she had overheard that evening, it was impossible to suppose he cared for her ever so little now, whatever he had done in the days gone by. At the door they separated, still silent ; Mervyn .remaining in the garden, Bertha hurrying up to her own room, where on her knees, sobbing and sighing out her very soul, she prayed for comfort and strength. When she went down half-an-hour later Mervyn had helped himself to a cup of tea and returned to the garden, where he lingered until past eleven o'clock, smoking furiously and chewing the cud of bitter fancies meanwhile. As the clock struck, Bertha put away the work she had been sighing over rather than stitching and went to bed. She felt de spairing now, for every minute of that long miserable evening she had kept hoping Mervyn wculd give an explanation of his conduct, and maybe plead for forgiveness. She loved him so dearly in spite of all that he would not have pleaded in vain ; but it was evident that he did not want her pardon, so that he kept Florence's love ; and so her last hope vanished, and she set. herself to realize all her loss and despoilment. . She cried jtillh^ piUow was wet vrith tears, 'and then', 'being young, Bhe fell asleep, and slept heavily, until morning. When she at last roused, Mervyn had come and gone, or so she supposed, and she found a little note on her dressing-table, coldly-worded, in which he bade her not expect him until the next day, as be should have to slay at his office so late that he preferred to spend the night there. Bertha was like one dazed as she read this letter. It was inconceivable that a man should behave as Mervyn had behaved, and yet she could not doubt the evidence of her own eyes and ears. She hardly knew how the day passed. She felt like one who is freed to live on the brink of a precipice, and doeB not know at what moment the awful crash of doom may come. This was the beginning of the end to her mind, and she never dreamt that she should ever see Mervyn again. . In vain tbe servant, who was sincerely attached to her mistress, urged her to take food ; Bertha replied always that she had a miserable headache, and only wanted to be quiet. The girl began to understand at last ' that the truest kindness was to let her have her own way, and she troubled her no more. But she drew her own conclusions from . what she saw, we may be sure, although she bad the discretion and kind feeling to keep them to herself. Bertha could not remember afterword# %ow she got ihrough 'that miserable t ime. j ;She rose.at , dayyn .the i next day from a' Isleepless bed and ' .^and^ed'about ^he fields 1 and lanes like one demented. How could lit matter what people said or thought of jher when the demuementpf the tragedy Si as so near.;, and they must soon know her for what;She ?was— a tteserfed wife — «-nd tne . |mosiiiniBeiflble:: woman op Gfld's beauttfnl farth. ???? -. i-': .. : These '^fe'''the ^th6u^ts that ' surged : through Bertha's troubled mind in those ! early hours,, but they were, succeeded later i Iby a- womanly' desire to hide^ her own liumiliation . frona the i world . till the last 1 'moment,:. On the breakfastctable. as she) -entered was a large bouquet ofj.rpses of every Colour, with a little nojto from .Oolonel ; Stauley reminding her slie had promised , him the pleasure ' of . her company that afternoon, and expressing a pplite'hope that ! 'Mr. Langley would acoompariy her. . :! Bertha's resolution was. taken in a j moment. , , :| ' I will brave it out to the end,' she said ; to herself; 'and then they .may talk as ? they will. I shall not be there to bear, at any rate.' . . i She forced herself to take food, knowing jt was impossible Bhe should carry out her programme unless she felt stronger than she ; did at that moment ; and was surprised to fjud,, herself, comforted and cheered, by ;ttje , fort, gireiit as it ;waa. .. v; , -4,'! Then she went upstairs to examine Ijer wardrobe. Two of the dresses belonging to lier trousseau she had never yet 'worn, having lived so quietly, but she was going into the world now, and needed to be fine. : She chose a pale blue dress at last, trimmed with cream- coloured lace, brightened up her Sunday bonnet by the addition of fresh flowers, and then decided' that whatever happened she shouldbe equal to the occasion, from this point of view at least. And very charming she looked as she took a last glance at herself in the mirror before starting. Her cheeks were flushed, her eyes shining with internal excitement, h§r hps a deep burning red, bespeaking the fever that consumed her. She practised . a smile, and was astonished to find it came rekdily. Her gaiety had hitherto been so natural and unforced she had never^ until this moment understood, the possibility of seeming happy when she was' not ; but it cajme.to-her 'Kke^a Budden inspiration; and Bli£;went off, knowing now she Should not compromise herself before all those strange people, who cared nothing for her, and expected she should make herself agreeable if she went out at all. Colonel Stanley was waiting at the gate to ' receive his guests, and at the sight of Bertha he advanced eagerly and said with his most fascinating smile — ' This is very good of you, Mrs. Langley. Do you know I was almost afraid you would play me false after all ? ' !'I told you the night before last, if yoii remember, that I never break my word.' Yes, but Mr. Langley keeps such a jealous guard over his treasure, I trembled for' fear he should forbid you to grace my party with your presence.' V My husband does not know I have come,' answered Bertha, from an inconvenient h&^it of candour that was hardly advisable under the circumstances, as she perceived in a moment from her companion's manner. : I see ; when the cat's away the mice will play,' he said, laughing. ' For my part I would wish the cat would always keep away, if this is the result. Do you know, Mrs. Langley, I have invited you six times altogether since you came to live at Laurel Cottage, and this is the first time you have condescended to put in an appearance. I don't think it was quite fair towards us to make your honeymoon last so long.' 'She laughed and coloured as she answered evasively — ' My husband did not oare for society.' ' And yon ?' ' I didn't either then ? ' 'But now you are beginning to see your mistake.' I didn't say so.' ' No ; . but actions speak louder than TWijds.' - 'jl don't think' Neither. ars always reli able.' ' Then what is one to trust ?' 'Nothing,' she answered almost fiercely. ' And no one, Mrs. Langley ? ' 'You are too curious. What does it matter to you whether I trust people or not ? ' 'It matters immensely, in case you should include me in this condemnation.' 'I don't know you sufficiently well to include you in anything,' she answered, flushing high as she noticed suddenly that he was leading her up and down the lawn in full view of all the assembled company. ' Will you be good enough to find me a seat, Oolonel Stanley 1 ' 'Are you tired, then?' he asked. 'I thought you were such a good walker.' ' But it is so warm to-day, and I .have been walking all the morning,' she replied, . lowering her head confusedly under the fire of at least thirty pair of curious eyes. Please put '^e beside, some one I know, 'Odlonel Stanley.' ' 1 .' Whom do you know ? ' he inquired. She named two or three, and was thank ful presently to find herself on a bench beside the rector's wife — a kind, motherly sort of person, who had been, her one friend at Mersham. ' Yon don't look at all well, my dear,' j Mrs. Wake said, after the first greetings were over. ' what is the matter ? ' . ' I have only a bad headache. I fancy there is thunder in the air,' she Btammered, longing above all things to confide in her companion, and yet. withheld by a feeling . of womanly dignity from being the first to proclaim ber husband's faults. ' Then, my dear, wouldn't you have done better to stay at home ? ' . I don't know. ; it seemed lonely there.' ' I daresay I always forget '.that ypirire so, young, and must want a little pleasure^ sometimes like the rest. But 'will you let me give you just such advice as I should givo taiyowh daughter, if -I had one, 'Mrs. ' iSjrtha looked ap quickly, wondering what was. coming. v Mrs Wake lowered her, voice to add — ?' I suppose it will, sound rather an un gracious thing to say when one goes to a man's parties, my dear — although, as the wife of the clergyman of the parish, and an old woman, I am safe enough anywhere ; rbut^ jouTtire a* mere 'girl, -and a jgood doalr alone,: ;abd sOijjWant -'to . teU ypif to, beware; . of Colonel . Stanley, ? and 'not . allpw him to - beoomo too. intimate. . I khow he admires! - -you,' and he is 'a dangeroUB acquairitance ; - for anylyoung wife placed as you are. '. You' : don't mind my speaking, Mrs. Langley, do ; you? but I fancied just now that he' was 1 .. tryingftb make ydu tonBpiouous ; and as'I1 know.'.your.' husbahd dibUkes' ahd sqspeots f - iuin,' I, thought it. only Mind', to give you*: - .word of wtiming;' . j.v-.1'' -v. ; ?- ' Thank you very much, Mrs. Wake,:but' ?? you, needn't be afraid for me ; ;I neither like ; 'nor trust Colonel Stanley, and. I don't mean , him to' become intimate in my house.'1 , ' . I ..if.*' That's -right/imy dear j it is impossible - ?: to be too prudent,' said Mrs. Wake, ,evi- j t , dently much relieved. '.When anyone; has ; such a good husband as yours, she ought to : 1 do her best to keep him.' ? . Poor -Bertha smiled bitterly to herself, but ; , not a word did sbe.say. However,: she kept i close-to Mrs. :Wake!s side all the time .she : - stayed, : and the gallant colonel, who had! , meant to make a conquest of bis neighbour's : wife, was fairly baulked. ? ?_ ' ' How could you be so cruel ? ' he said . ? to . her in a whisper, when she. bade him good-by. . ' I haven't had a word with you all the afternoon.' . ' Then it. was quite your own fault.' she . replied. ' Ifj'ou had, spoken I should liave ; -heard.', ? .-1:-.-. . What was the ufle in speakmg when you ' Were glued to Mrs, Wake'B side.' ' . ^ ' You couldn't have had anything to say 4 you minded her hearing.' . ' How do you know that ? ? I mighthave wanted to tell you how beautiful ' you ; looked.1' ' In. that case I am glad you did not have an opportunity, for there is nothing I hate like flattery.' . , ' The truth is no flattery, Mrs. Langley.' Bertha blushed painfully. ' If I dispute the point I shall call down some more compliments on my devoted bead,' she said, and slipping through the gate whioh led into the -road, she nodded . and smiled to the disconcerted coionel, and vanished into the gathering shadows like a ghost. Sarah met her at the door. ' Master has been asking for you, ma'm,' Bhe said. ..'.I think, he is going on a journey, as he is packing up his things.' .Bertha knew what this journey was, but Bhe was curiously' calm, nevertheless, 'lis she answered— 'Yes, I know. . Go and see if you can help him, Sarah.' She said this to get rid of the girl, and procure'a minute's breathing space. And while she stood there in her finery, looking all the lovelier that she was so heart-broken, Mervyn came down, carrying a travelling bag in one hand and a hat and rug in the other. He stopped in front of Bertha, looked at her from head to foot with fierce disdain ; then went on without a word, opened the door, and disappeared. Bertha felt that - she must know what he dared not say, and followed him stealthily. A close carriage was waiting at the end of the lane. . A woman's head was bent anxiously forward out of the window. Ber tha recognised Florence, but Still she waited to see her husband get in ; and it was not until he had actually driven off that the last faint hope lingering in her ' heart utterly disappeared. But the blow waB too deep to - find vent in sobs and tears. AlHhe soft ness and light went out of her young face suddenly ; but she returned to the house with a slow calm' step,, and ordered sgme tea as- quietly as: if nothing unusual had happened. Whilst Sarah prepared it;' Bertha began to ' collect a few things lying about the drawing-room that were entirely and ab solutely her owni and carried them up stairs. She - filled a box with' necessary clothing, packed the other ready to be sent after her later, then dressed for travelling in the quietest oostume she possessed, and then sent for Sarab. ' I am going away 'for a while,' she said, with a little catch of the breath that sounded like a dry sob ; 'I know I can trust you to take care of the house until you hear from either Mr. Langley or - myself.' ' Certainly ma'am ; but I hope you won't be away long.' ' I don't know what my plans are as yet,' answered Bertha, evasively ; ' but, at any rate, you will hear in a day or two. And now, Sarah, fetch me a fly as quickly as yon can. I want to catch the half-past eleven train to Moreton.' ' And if master asks, ma'am ? ' ' Your master won't be at -home just yet,. ? and I will leave my address on the mantelr piece — or stay, yon ;can tell -him to- write to - .' my mother's, if he should ask.' ' Very well, ma'am,' Sarah said, too well trained to show any surprise, and she de parted at once to order a fly. ? -. j Bertha left at eleven, tearless still, but with such despair at' her ..heart that she' wished herself dead. For a sorrow like hers there was no relief bnt this— for eyen time was helpless. The only comfort, .she .had was the thought 'of seeing'her mother ; but Bhe: had loved Mervyn best of all the syorld, and in losing him' she had lost her only hope in life. ?-« j, . 1 At three o'clock in the early dawn of the summer's day, just as Bertha was nearing : her destination,. Sarah was roused snddenly out of the sweetness of her first sleep by hearing the front door-bell ring violently, and. putting her drowsy head out of the window she heard her master's voice saying cheerfully— '? ; . ' For goodness sake let' me in aB quickly as you can, Sarah. I am . tired to death, and don't disturb your mistress if you can help it.' Sarah hurried on a few things and went down. She thought ber master looked fatigued, but his eyes were bright and eager as he glanced round the room at the home comfort, which he valued far above all the luxuries and dissipation of his bachelor days. . But presently lie seemed, to ihiss something to which he was aocustomBd — ' flowers perhaps or Bertha's pretty work basket, for he-; suddenly asked the question. Sarah had Ibefen dreading; ' ' Isn't your mistress at home, Sarah ? ' 'No, sir?' . ? . ? : ; - ???--? .Mervyn. bad amply asked her this to reassure bimBelf evidently, for be started, at her reply, -and all the . blood receded from ?- his face, .leaving him deadly pale. ... - ' Where ie she then ? ' \- ' She has gone.to WestTiloreton.' ' Is Mrs. Saunders ill ? Did she receive a .telegram-? ' said:M6rvyn, breathlessly. , :'No, 4ir.' ; ' ' When did she start ? ' ' At eleven o'clook, sir.' .'.You are sure she said Mrs. Saunders ? ' 'Quite, sir.- She-told me you were not likely to; be home for the present ; but should you.aak for her. address 1 was to say she had gone- to her inother's.' . ? ' -Mervyn suddeuly remembered that he was letting:: Sarah into his seorets, and observed with feigned cheerfulness — , .-course she ifl jihow Stupid I am l it wasn't likely Bhej would care to ba here alone, land Iueyer dreamt I should be .able to jget back .so ,Boon . when : I started last night. j 1 Give me a glass of;wine, .Sarah, and get. to bed again. I shall be going J-y the early, train; but that need :not keep you up, as l?can spring the .door behind me.' ; _ -However, ,v6arah declared herself to be ; sufficiently .rested, and insiflted npon re maining up, and.; making iher master, a oup . ' ^ of coffee before! he Started. . It seemed;a . pity to her. simple -mind there should be all -.- v these complications and difficulties between him and her ; mistress, and she wished jffith all her heart she ; could bring back thehappy days that had flown ; but aB she : had no - power to help either to a better underr standing of the other, she contented herself |\tith; «nclr -geimce as-a servant tnayi offer. fMervyn'travplled until the late afternoon — the. train Stopping at every station — and through' those long dreary hours he had a ^ feeling of:horror on him, lest poor :Bertha had been led away by the mature , fasci nations of their unscrupulous - neighbour, and had 'given : her mother's address to throw him off the Bcent. . :'????? * Then remembering how young and inno cent she had seemed only a . few days back, he hated himself for having doubted her, and tried to make atonement in thought for the brief suspicion. : It never oocurred to him, for a moment, - that- Bertha knew' his secret, aud-had- left her home because she believed he had ceased to care for her any more. ' ? ? . But it was with a feeling of infinite relief he heard from Mrs. Saunders' servant that his wife was there* and hurrying past her, he walked - Btraight into the drawing room, where Bertha was lying on a oouch, looking very pale and worn now that the reaction of her past excitement had come. 1 She looked up at . Mervyn's impetuous entry, iand uttered a faint cry ; but when he knelt beside her and threw the poor little white face against his breast, she did not refuse bim, but only sobbed out one word : ' Florence.' ' You foolish child,' Mervyn answered promptly. 'Florence is my brother's wife. They had a desperate quarrel, she and Walter, and she left him in a huff, taking the first steamer from Malta to London. Of course she expeoted him to follow by the next, but Walter was seriously offended at the step she had taken, and gave no sign. She became frightened at -last; and sought my intervention, and as I . really thought she had had a lesson that would last her for awhile, I consented to interfere. I wanted to be allowed to tell', you , everything, but Florence declared it would humiliate her too cruelly; and she would rather wait and make yonr acquaintance under happier auspices ; and as she was really in trouble, I gave in, ?somewhat, against my conscience, promising I -would say nothing tb you until the matter was .settled, and . she had gone' back to her husband again. Yesterday afternoon he telegraphed for ber, and I came back to tell you all. I waB to Bee ' her' on board the Oleon, but when I -found you had disobeyed me and gonfi to Colonel Stanley's ? ' Yes, I was so miserable,' Mervyn ; I felt as if I must dp something desperate.' .'O, you foolish, foolish Bertha, to be jealouB of any woman under the sun,' he said, kissing her tear-stained face and heavy eyelids. ' Couldn't you have trusted me a little, more?' 'It was all a mistake, Mervyn; and I have suffered so cruelly, I have expiated my fault ; -but I saw you kiss her.' ' I daresay you did. -Florence is my cousin,, as well as my sister-in-law, and we were brought up together. . I can't help Hiring her for the sake of auld lang s^ne, but I should not care for such a wife, or, indeed, for any wife .bnt just the little woman I have ; although,' and his voice quivered, ' she-did make such a foolish mistake.' ' Forgive me. Mervyn, I shall never doubt you again, dear ; but all the same,' her eyes flashing, .' when I see Florence I shall tell her how very miserable she made m6 for nearly three days, and forbid her to have any etecrets with you ?agton.' Pumpkins for' Feeding Dairy Cows. — A writer m the' American; Live- Stock Journal says he has been making experiments with pumpkins for feeding dairy stock, and. has arrived at the conclusion that they are excellent. He says:— 'Though the pumpkin has a large percentage of water, but not more than the turnip or fodder-corn, it is considerably rich in albumenoids. ..This vegetable :is ?an . important «uxiliaiy7,in producing milk; but some. dairymen .'have got a prejudice against' itfrom the effect of the seeds when#vM'iitoo'la^e a qiiaiitlfy. The seeds -have a diuretic effect, operating on: the kidneys; and' ,thi9. lias sometimes , lessened the flow; of milkj-^but if a small portion of the seed ie removed the danger is wholly avoided. And probably the cases of injury have been occasioned from feeding, more1 than -the-due proportion of: seeds. Thirty pounds of.pumpkins fed to eaoh cow per day will .increase the .yield and- improve the quality of the milk ; but more than this should not be given. They are a'very cheap food, since it requires very little labour to raise them. From two to three tons may be grown with a 'good yield of corn per acre . requiring little more than placing the seeds at distances of. twenty feet1 -apart in alternate rows of corn after the corn is up. The cultivation ofthe com will be sufficient attention to the ' pumpkin- crop ; and this, will often be worth as .muoh .as tento fifteen bushala , of::-corn ^ per acre. The orop ip' appropriate to the. whole country and will well repay the attention given to it. Pumpkins are- a good fattening' -food for, cattle, . sheep, aud hogs. They are a good ' fopd for pigs,', serving to -'counteract the - heating effeot of corn.. . They are easily kept from -freezing, .and may be fed into cold weather. . They* are cheaply gathered'.and stored, costing much less than any root-crop, accoraibg to'vtilue.' - J ' 