THE OLOUD KING; OR, UP IN THE AIR, AND DOVTS IN THE SEA. CHAPTER XLYI.—(Continued.) BV W. STEPHENS HATWARD, AUTHOR OF " THE BLACK ANGEL," &0. Bamoon had often told mo that if he could get near enough he would "talkoo" to the elephants, and make them not run away. Although I had previously had an experience of his animal-laming powers in the case of the monkey, I laughed at this as a new piece of extravagance. One day, however, an opportunity offered for the Cingalese to prove his words. Returnfrom an expedition which, beyond tlie shooting of a few birds and monkeys, had been unsuccessful, we heard a most prodigious roarand bellowing, which Ramoon, after a little time, said was caused by wounded or On arriving at the spot whence this uproar proceeded, advancing slowly and with caution, we found ourselves on the edge of a natural chasm, about twelve feet deep. On the other side was a young elephant, doing its best to roar; but tlie great noise we heard proceeded from the bottom, where were two full-grown elephants unable to extricate themselves. Venturing close to the edge, where a peculiar kind of herbage of which they wcro foud grew in great abundance, the bank had given way under their enormous weight, and the two great monsters were precipitated into this natural "trap. Ramoon immediately commenced an unintelligible jargoB, which he declared the beasts perfectly understood. I asked him what he was saying. He replied, that ho was telling the elephants he was very sorry to see them in such a plight. " And what do they say ?" I asked. " Him no say much ; dis elephant say ho want rae help him out. What say, massa 1 we help dese poor little tings out ob de hole 1" " A likely thing !" I said ; " to be trampled to death under the feet of the 'poor little things' as a reward." "No," said Ramoon; "you help him elephant, he very good, he do what you tell him." The thought struck mo suddenly that if there should be any truth in Riinoon's words, the captured monsters might be made very useful. It was evident they could not extricate their unwieldy bodies from the pit into which they hod fallen. I had heard much of the sagacity of the elephant; was it not possible that, if relieved from their present position, they would be grateful, and evince their gratitude by placing themselves at our service? In such a case, as beasts of draught, .they would be worth many teams of oxen or horses.' By their united strength I doubted not they could with case drag our whole caravan. The idea grew upon me, and I resolved upon digging out the two elephants. Not knowing how long the unfortunate brutes had been thus imprisoned, I, with Ramoon, collected a great quantity of green young branchesj'which we threw to them., These they 'commenced devouring ravenously, thus showing that they must have been in this plight without food for some time. Having done this, I started off back to the camp with Ramoon, in order to get tools to dig out the two great monsters. It was necessarily an affair of time, as I wished to do the wpik .unassisted , by, and unknown to, any of my people. I had a well-founded notion, that if Ramoon's predictions should be true, the appearance of two tame elephants, willing to do my bidding, would yet further impress my subjects with an idea of my grandeur and invincibility. And indeed it was necessary that I should give some proof of ascendancy and power to these impetuous savages, for rof late they had become gloomy and morose; and, though nothing was said, I could see that they were dissatisfied.with the progress of tha expedition. The voyage across the great water had frightened them; and though it is true .I had brought them safely to land, yet my present proceedings filled them with alarm. They saw the canoes in which they had come such a vast distance from their own country mounted on wheels, and all my preparations clearly indicated a long journey overland. Now, they lad an insuperable anti- pathy to leava-tbe:;wat4r-f- attfljit^eemed to them,that whenlh^^ToiUd sjart gn ajourney j .through the Vast and trackless Torest, they would be abandoning allTiope.of OTer^ietnrnmgAb'iliSr peaceM vilia^hbteei^owfiian^ many hundred miles away'! Ci.t: LK>j ; All this I noticed, -but said nothing. At last,ISfhen Alio'pmngementiTpf the--pravsS^ were complete, 4" thought it Expedient, OVM^" necessary, to explain my views iand -planis j 'so I called them together, and haranguedrthan. ^ " f wiU'here mention, for the^readefjiijjnfbrmation, that'after several "days' 'rather severe labor, Ramoon and .I had succeeded in-digging < out the elephants. ' -' " Warriors of Amaiantha the, Invincible, the great White King! hitherto victory has awaited our every step. "The: Savage Veneiny, ' the difficulties of travel, even the' wild beasts of the forest, all have succumbed £0.our skill ;. 'and valor. We are about to march ; through ' the great forest, to the lofty mountains in the far distance, beyond which lies a;new;and; wonderful land—a land fertile" and teeming 1 ' with game—-aland where, eaeh Warrior may become a chief, each chief aiing. The hour is come; to-moTrow wo start On the march that Bhall conduct us to our final triumph." . . There was some cheering at the conclusion of this speech; but it was "not received with anything like their old enthusiasm, as when I first burst upon their astonished gaze, a very ;od dropped from the skies. ' ' - - A low murmur arose after the applause had subsided. I could see that there was a good dealof talk going on between some ofthe chiefs. At last one came up to mo, and, as spokesman for the others, asked: "Whither, is Amarantha going; to lead his peoplo 1 3ave they not travelled far enough from their homes! Have they not killed beasts, and got enough spoil and riches! Behold the warcanoes, and the little boats mounted on wheols! Who will drag them 1 Where are the beasts of burden ? Or does the White King look upon his warriors as such!" . . Starting to my feet, I faced my assembled • army. "Faint-hearted warriors!" I said; "with the bodies of men, the souls of women, you ask where arc the beasts of burden 1 Lo! I will show you that Amarantha is still allpowerful. Wait and see!" ... ....,,... I took from, my girdle a small. bugle, „or _; rather horn, on which I blew a blast. Then I fixed my eyes on a clump, of thicE undergrowth at the skirt of the forest. Of course, everybody's gaze was • anxiously— bent on the same.spot.. A .solemn.Lsilenca prevailed. Hushed was jiow each,murmur, and all that army waited: and -watched with breathless interest for what was '!going to. happen. ; Presontly a crackling and crashing of branches was heard. Nearer and nearer it approached—and now could be discerned 1 -a heavy, lumbering footfall. In a few seconds more two huge blaok bodies emerged from the concealing bush, and with stately step advanced right towards where I"was. • '< There was at first some little suspicion and terror, and a partial rash was made to arms, which, however, I stopped. Slowly arid solemnly these forest monsters marched up to me, endj when they were within a few packs,'- I cried in a loud voice: " Kneel, O elephants, to your master Asia-.- i raritha, king alike of men and beasts 1" : Instantly the great lumbering brutes fell on their knees, and, having previously made up my mind what to do, I leaped on the back of V the larger, and commanded him to rise. Then. I spoke a few words to the other elephant, which, docile as a well trained dog, arose; and followed Ramoon to the front of the foremost and largest waggon, for which I had previously prepared a set of strong hide harness.— ---- -- Assisted by -the intelligent- and grateful' brute, the task of - yoking liim =was' an easy one. All the while my subjects looked on in silent awe and admiration. I next caused Ramoon to fasten four -or. five other wagons behind the first" " Then, when all was ready, I turned, and, from my position on the elephant's back, addressed the army: Warriors.of the White King J you inked; Where are the boasts of burden and draught J —behold them!" ThenXsgaiii blew,aJow jibte:6nTmyjbngla^ .[ and instantly the elephant in harness putforth his immense strength, and'commencodlmarching towards the forest, dragging after him . about six heavily laden waggons.' I stopped him after he had gene a few paces; - •• ' ' Then there arose a tremendous shout of enthusiasm. 7 . " Great is Amarantha; the wild boasts of the forcste arehis slaves' Great is Amarajj^al £ We wili follow our White Spirit to the end of the world." •'••'••' *' Thus I established my prestiga and authority " i on a firmer basisth'aiiever."'"' > On the tfollowing jnocnirig wi CsTarted ton our inarch through the vast-and unknown forest.- .. . .. ,., • n • AsIwa plunged deepbr : i&to;'-thejforest, the aspect' oif things changrf,' 1 the Vrush'wood became'thickef,'the' grbfcnd fris. 1 'diversified by' vegetation. Marchirigslowly on through the vast profound, I soon became conscious of moving objects amongst ithe. trees, j ;Some of my hunters were in the habit of scattering themselves in search of game, and I thought that the figures I observed, and which retreated ever before us, were those of these sounds—an unearthly, guttural, chattering noise, and occasionally in the distance a dull roar, which I could compare to nothing I had ever heard before. The mysterious forms, too, grew more numerous, always flitting about among the trees like troops of ghosts, and never suffering us to approach near enough to discern them clearly. This was. very unpleasant ; and soon I discovered -that my people began to bo filled with vague alarm of a superstitious nature. Towards evening, as the shades of night deepened. around, these wandering phantoms of the forest seemed to grow bolder and increase in numbers. I could make out that they wore the human form, and walked-—or ran—erect. Many times during the day I ordered a halt, and endeavored to ascertain the nature and intentions of these mysterious creatures. But I never could succeed; they always vanished on the approach of a party of even three or four only. Nor did shouting elicit any intelligible response; a strange, unearthly noise of gibbering and howling was the only result. On the fourth day anevent happened which decided mo that these beings were certainly enemies. On 'our march one day, towards evening we came upon two bodies lying prostrate iacross our path. On examination, I discovered that these were the corpses of two of my hunters who had gone on ahead to explore. They were lacerated in a most horrible manner—disembowelled, and with the skin and flesh hanging in shreds, as though torn by claws or fangs. " Wild beasts !" I at first exclaimed, but had reason to alter my opinion. Wild beasts would have eaten at least a part of the bodies; these were untouched, and had been thus mutilated from pure savageness. So I came to the conclusion that these lurking phantoms were men, and made dispositions accordingly. I placed in front a body of thirty men—tho best shots of all—and ordered them to fire whenever they discerned any of these mysterious beings. Terrible was the din which arose in the gloomy, primeval forest at the first volley of musketry and the result. I judged by a dreadful shrieking and yelling that our bullets had taken effect, and that the cries wo heard indicated the rage of the enemy at the result. Still, though we could make out groups of them suddenly cluster round one, and apparently drag him wounded away, it was utterly impossible to get near. They bounded away like veritable phantoms; nor, although I ordered second charges, could our fleetest runners approach the least bit nearer. Hour by hour, day by day, our enemies seemed to increase in number, as did the howling and yelling, till it seemed at last that we were marching in the centre of avast army of fiends, who kept around us, before, on each side, and behind—advancing as we advanced, retreating before us, and closing behind. Our progress was no longer a triumphal march, -but- one of continual terror and harassment. My men gave way to frequent panics, and would huddle up together around the caravan, as though expecting to be attacked. At this time such an event would have been most disastrous, as, like most black races, when once a- prey to fear, it was almost impossibleto rally them. I myself was by no means free from alarm, and soon came to the conclusion that something must be 'done. Hitherto, though wo had, I felt certain, wounded and killed many of our gnome-like foes, we had never found any dead or alive. Invariably those who were hurt were borne away by the others. I was at a great loss to decide what kind of men these vanishing enemies could be. It was impossible to make out articulate sounds from their infernal yells, which resembled more the howling of wild beasts than human voices. But a discovery which struck me with horror was suddenly made. 'I was. inarching in advance with Bambobranda, Ilamoon, and a few, of my bravest warriors, -when I discovered in the evening gloom—for it was past sundown—a group of these people about three hundred yards distant. Falling on iny • knee, I took steady aim'with my rifle, and directed the' others to' do so likewise. A rattling' volley produced evident effect I saw three or four oftliem fall, .and as usual a number of others.clustered around, and .commenced dra^ ging the bodies away. But I was now goaded to desperatioii, and -Tesolvod, if possible, to put anjerid 'to this state of affiiirs; so, with a' shoit tothose with me to follow, I ran on, loadingis.1- went7"I'lhaltedagain at about a hundrea and fifty yards, and favored . tho group .with; another volley. This was even more effectualthan • the first, as I.kniew by the unearthy-yells /and tie increased confusion: T Finally, whein,>fter loading, I made another' rush forward at the head of my men, I saw that two bodies were left behind on the ground; while the others with frantic efforts—yelling, screaming, and leaping about—dragged or carried the wounded. They succeeded in gaining the summit of a small eminence, and this done, they were enabled to quicken their speed, as it was down-hill. But they had been compelled to leave two, on account of the promptness with which I pushed the attack. One of my warriors outstripped me in speed, and reached the two dead bodies, as I supposed they were, before me. The next moment I heard a cry of pain and terror, and saw that one of those beings had sprung on him, and appeared to bo savagely biting his thigh. Instantly I levelled my rifle and fired, the bullet passing through the head. Still, to my surprise,—for I knew the bullet had gone home,—the foe clung to my unhappy warrior, whose shrieks were dreadful to hear. Then I approached close, and saw a sight which made my blood run cold. It was not a man at all—not a human being, but a hideous monster, hairy all over liko a bullock, with long claws for fingers; dreadful long tusks projecting from tho upper jaw, like those of a walrus or a huge wild boar. These tusks were at least eight inches in length, and with them tho brute had completely transfixed my man. The wretch was dead, but tho horrid fangs had gone right through the thigh and had become fixed, from the muscular contractions of tho powerful jaw. The face of this beast —horrible to say—was that of a man ; and there were two short curly horns on tho crown of the head. Trembling and sick with terror, I set to work to release tho poor fellow whose thigh was transfixed. Not without difficulty I did so, with tho assistance of another of my men. Then I discovered that the wounded man was also dead. This surprised me greatly, for though the fangs had gone through the flesh of tho thigh the wound was not mortal, neither had much blood been lost; so I concluded that fright had been tho cause of death. From the first I had been aware of a horrible stench, and now that I was quite close it w absolutely overpowering. It made me feel quite sick, and what with that and the horrid appearance of the monsters, both of which wore quite dead, I felt very near fainting. I can only compare tho stink to that which might be caused by boiling a thousand skunks and polecats in tho contents of a cesspool, and adding thereto some hundredweights of putrid fish. My hands, from touching the monster, were contaminated, and I hastened down tho hill to a stream I saw at the bottom, in order to wash. The man who had assisted me to take off the monster from his victim came with mo! and, to my surprise, howled as though in pain all the way. Arrived at the brink, he fell down, endeavored to reach the water, but Jailed, and then cried piteously: "0, Amaranths, the wood-devil's tooth scratched me—my arm swell up—cut it offcut it off!" In a few seconds he was delirious, and in less thau five minutes dead ! Then the truth burst on me: these brutes' fangs were imbued with a deadly poison, and both my unfortunate men had thus perished. I shuddered as I examined my own flesh, and. gave veut to a sigh of relief when I discovered that I was not scratched. Having refreshed myself by bathing, I went back to the top of the hill, where lay tho body of my unfortunate man, also those of the two monsters. Tho former had, in that space of time, swollen fearfully—the result of the poison—and, moreover, had turned to a sickly, greenish hue, most unpleasant to look upon. The stink was so dreadful that I bethought me of a means of purification, as I wished to go nearer and examine the horrid brutes at my leisure. So I got together a lot of branches of a sort of gum-tree, tho leaves of which emitted a fragrant smell, and then set light to them. This bad in a measure tho desired effect, and, with the additional precaution of holding my nose, I was enabled to remain near the bodies for a moment or two without being sickened. With a spear I turned one of the brutes over, face upwards, and lit a bonfire close by; for it was now nearly dark. Pen and ink cannot describe the horrid appearance of the monster : the human face, with the dreadful fangs—at least ten inchos long—aud surmounted by short, curly goat's horns, made up a whole perfectly fiendish; tho eyes were small, red, and surrounded by short hair, from out of which they glared iu death like those of an owl. The whole body was covered by a hide with bullock's hair, and the feet, large and flat, had three long toes, or rather claws. Was it a man, a monster, or an intermediate between a huge monkey, a devil, and a human I could not reply. The claws, arms, and body were thoseot a huge baboon; but the face "was decidedly human, and, except the sort of tuft' round the eyes, devoid of hair. hen the horns bn thehead!' Whoever heard of a monkey with horns 1 The hide, too, jvith its short brown coat, that partook of the nature of a bullock! Lastly, the three-clawed feet, and the virulently poisonous tusks. To what class of created beings did they belong? I could not say; and that evening I Jolt more gloomy and dispirited than I had ever done before. Dangers had not cooled mo, or damped my spirit; but the very sight of those horrible brutes made my soul quail; and I believe I even thought of turning back. But then came this reflection: to go back would be as dangerous as to advance; and perhaps wo had nearly passed out of the limits of forest which these hideous boings inhabited. So I ordered an encampment to be made on the top of the hill, in fuli view of the river, intending to cross on tho morrow. I thought to myself, perhaps these brutes will not cross after us. I was led to hope this from the fact that, though we could still hear their 'bowlings and yellings in the forest, they were neither to be seen nor heard near tho water, nor on the other side beyond. But early in the night there came on heavy storms of rain, with thunder and lightning, aud in the morning the little creek, not more than twenty yards across, was transformed into a lushing, wide river. It rained at intervals all next day, and tho river steadily rose. I judged it was impossible —at all events, too hazardous—to attempt a passage with our heavy boats and baggage ; Desides, too, we should have all the labor of rigging them upon wheels on the other side ; then, too, how about my tame elephants 1 We had not a boat strong enough to carry them, and I doubted the possibility of their swimming; so, all things considered, I determined to wait till the rivor, or rather creek, should subside, and meanwhile seek for a convenient ford. Towards tho afternoon of the day succeeding, the sounds of howliug aud yelling, which for more than a week had made our lives miserable, suddenly ceased, and a silence profound and solemn reigned in the grand old forest I took a short excursion to satisfy myself on the point, and could discover no signs whatever of the hordes of monsters which had hitherto made the air horrible with their outcry. Tho day was gloomy and tempestuous, and I judged that heavy rains were falling at a distance; for the river, creek, or torrent continued to swell, so that I gave Up all hope of crossing before another night had passed. This night, like the one precedin; it, was stormy, witli heavy showers; but towards morning it cleared up, and I had good reason to hope for fine weather. The waters of tho creek, however, did not subside, and, from the various signs, I thought it might be some time before a crossing could be effected at the place where we were. Accordingly, in the afternoon, I launched a small canoe on tho river, which, though now deep, and somewhat dangerous to navigate, did not one whit daunt mo. I placed in the canoe before starting three rifles, and, by a strange accident, a barrel of powder : an accident which, as the event proved, was as fortunate as strange, for it proved my salvation. The girl Taranta and Bamoon only wore to accompany me. I took her at her own request, and also because she was most skilful with tho paddle, and, I knew, would be as useful as the strongest warrior in thelight canoe. Just as I was stepping in, I bethought me that my powder-flask was nearly empty. Now, I always made a point of being well provided with arms and ammunition on all occasions, even on the shortest, and apparently safest, excursions. " Ramoon," I said, " run and get some more powder." And then, turning to Taranta, I gave her my powder-horn and bag of bullets, and bade her make cartridges ready for loading with what there was. While he was gone, she made twenty cartridges, rolling up bullet and charge of powder iu a dried leaf, a supply of which she carried for the purpose. Bamoon returned, bringing with him a whole keg of powder, instead of a small supply, as I expected. Bather than send him back with it, however, I placed it in the canoe, and away we started; and all three using tour paddles with a will, we propelled the boat up stream towards a small island I espied in the midst of the stream. Now, from the bank to the island a tree, blown down by the gale, had fallen; and I thought that there might, perhaps, be an accumulation of sand and eartb here, so as to render the spot available for fording. At all events, here was a natural bridge half across the river. AVe paddled round the island on the other side, and allowed the canoe to drift slowly down, intending to land at a convenient spot. Unfortunately, just as we got close to the shore, tbe boat struck on a hidden stump, which went at once through the frail bottom. Of course, the water rushed in, and I feared that the canoe would sink in a few moments. By a vigorous stroke or two of the paddles, we propelled her to the shore, and I at once threw the rifles out, as also the. keg of powder, and then leaped to land myself, Kamoon and Taranta following. We managed to drag the canoe ashore, not without inflicting further injury on the frail fabric; and then I proceeded to examine her, with a view to repairing the damage as quickly as posslblo. I found that tho gap in her bottom could be repairedin an hour or so. She was constructed of sheets of bark; and, as I always carried spare pieces and the necessary tools, there seemed no great difficulty in the task. . Bamoon and the girl Taranta had just commenced the task of boat- mending, when suddenly there rang out a most dreadful series of yells; and at once I know that the forest in6n-monsters—devils—whatever they were— had returned. The sound came from over tbe hill, ; n tho rear of the camp; and, though I looked anxiously, I could discern nothing but' my own people. To my great disgust, I saw at once that a panic had set in. I was not there to inspirit them; and thoy ran in all directions in the greatest alarm. The yells aud hideous screams grew louder and louder; and I judged that a vastly greater number of those brutes than before had assembled. As I noticed the terrible state of panic and confusion in the camp at the top of the hill, I grew seriously concerned. Make haste ! make haste 1" I cried to Taranta and Ramoon ; " hurry for your lives •! I must get back to those cowards, or all will be lost." Now it happened that, for convenience of cooking, soma twenty of my men had built a huge fire close to the water-side, at that part of the hill, and had lighted it immediately after our departure iu the canoe. AVhat was my horror when I saw a whole troop of our horrid enemies come bounding along the riverbank towards this fire, shrieking and yelling all the while in the most dismal manner! My people, to my great dismay, instantly took to flight, and sought refuge in the camp. Tho forest-monsters came on, whooping and yelling, and gathered around the great fire with every symptom of delight aud triumph. They ran with such prodigious speed, that several of tho cowardly runaways were cut off; and, to my horror, I saw them seized, aud literally torn to pieces by tho fierce brutes. The situation was now critical in tbe extreme. I wan cut off from the camp ; and could only rejoin my panic-strickon warriors by going down stream in the canoe, ani- making a circuit. I woll know that' nothing but my presence would inspirit them, and yet I was unable to go, by reason of the damage to the boat. Hasten ! hasten!" I cried; " or all is lost." Great lord," cried Taranta, her nimblo fingers moving swiftly tho while, " it is almost finished." Scarcely had she spoken, than I saw fresh troops of these demons coming along the bank from up and down stream, till I am sure thero were a couple of thousand capering round tho fire. Soon I saw that their attention was attracted to our little party on the island. We were only three; and the fallen tre J made a natural bridge, over which it was possible for these beasts to pass. I saw them come, leaping, bounding, yelling, and shouting, to the roots of the fallen tree ; and then realised the full horror of our position. They were about to attach us! In a moment or two a score of the brutes were crawling along the trunk of the enormous fallen tree towards us. I knew I was deadly pale, but, by a great effort, spoke calmly. I glanced towards the frail canoe, at which both Taranta and Bamoon were working assiduously, and calculated that it would bo several minutes ere the rent was repaired. Long ere that, I knew the hideous foe would be upon us. " Ramoon," I cried, " take up a rifle, and see your aim is true; and you, Taranta, prepare to load as fast as we fire." Ilamoon rose from his task, and, taking one of the rifles, placed himself by my side. So soon as he saw what had caused me to call him, I noticed that he shook with fear, but, by an effort, steadied himself and prepared to fire. , Not so Taranta. She rose and calmly glauced on the advancing liorde, crawling along the tree-trunk like a swarm of hideous reptiles. Taranta is ready," she cried, her eyes sparkling with enthusiasm, " to fight and .die with her lord, the great Amaranths." Then seizing the other rifle, she cocked it and fell on one knee in an attitude cf striking grace. One admiring glance I threw on my beautiful savage heroine, and then gave the word. " Good girl, brave girl! Now, Bamoon, aim well,—fire!" Five reports followed in rapid succession— two of the rifles were double barrelled—and I distinctly heard the chuck—chuck—chuck of three bullets as they struck into tbe bodies of the advancing monsten, Instantly there was great confusion, and four rolled off the tree anil: were'BwbpV away by the torient— several otheraetxuggling, and with difficulty pnwnfojg..$eir balance. I,perceived this had cansed a check-in the advance, .but, as niimbers'pres3ed on behind it-seemed insufii- cient'to insure our safety. InBUre our safety! I knew not the singular nature of these brutes—at one moment flying in terror, at another time only to be beaten off by the most obstinate defence. I handed my J rifle to Taranta to lo moon's away, myself with all possible that the poor fellow was quite unnerved, and I knew I conld load two barrels while he was doing the same with the single rifle the girl had fired. She loaded before mo by two or three seconds, and, to my intense joy and admiration, I heard her fire—bang—bang, and saw her knock over the two foremost. My own fire was delivered quickly afterwards, and again two more of the wretches were struggling in the stream. "Bravo!" I shouted, as I observed the effect; "that staggers them. They won't take many more such doses." But I was reckoning too soon. It is true they seemed staggered, and for a moment or two recoiled, but very soon they advanced, seemingly urged on by those behind. (To he continued.) 