. THE STILLWATEE TBAGEDY. : (From Uu Atlantic JfcnlAlv.J I is sfais npoa daybreak. Xtasgrealuall of pints and hemlocks that keep off lha aast wind Irom Stillwater ilratobes black and indstcrmlnata agaloit the sky. At fnlsivals a bbu, raeiaino sonac, mm ins gnittrsi twang of a riolfa string, rlssi from tho frcg-lnlcited swamp skirting tha highway. Saddtnly lha birds itlr fa tfiolr nests over thsra fa tha woodland, and break Into that wild jargcnlng chorus with which they herald tha advent ol anawdav. In the CDDle-oraharda and amoon tho plnm-traca of lha tow gudana fa 8UI1. watsr, lha wrens and tha robing and lha bloo-jtys datoh np tha arystal araaoahdo; and what amalcdloha rsckitthcy aaka'of it with thfar fifca and flutes and flageolets. Ths ' village '11m to a Iranot like death. Possibly not asonl bsarsthls mnsio, nnlsss it la lha watobera at IbaMiMtMa of Mr. Doonard TsppIstPa, tho rtohost man In town, ,who ' hm Ufa dying 'then' three days; and ctnrlol laat;till snnriia.'' Orr patbapa Jtoma mother,' dfowrily hashing bar wakaiui baby.padspsamohitnt and Uslaasvaosntly to the birds singing.' Bnt whoelsof ' i ; Ths hnbbdb suddenly oeseeS— amies ss snddonly as It began— and all -fa still again ;in tho woodland : JBatN.Ia not: so.datk as befara. A'.ffant glow ol white light Is .dis- :asnilbls fahfad.tha'-nggsd ifae ot-tha tres> .topi. The delnge Ol' dirknoM ir reesdfag from thafapa'ot the earth, as the -mighty waters raasded ofald ''> Tha roofa ind 'taU. faotory ohlmneyv ol .SUHwafar 'are' sloirir.'takfag ahapo in -the glodm. ' Is' that a ePmotery ooinlng into vlow yonder,' willr its gboatly srohlleolora ' of obelisks t g nd 'hrokam'eolamns andlhnddlod ' 'baad-stohasr:'':.iNoi!rthat is Priy : filoonm's Marble Yard. wlth the finished and naflnlsbsd workhsapodnpltii' snowdrllts— a oomotery fa embryo. Hare" arid thars fa an ontlyihg farU'a fantSm gUmmmaln tbe barmyatd; the ntlfa ata- having- thelrf odder' bsUmea. ;Sculat'eappad ahantlalaer gets himaelf on the 'nearest raibfinsB and llf is up his ran- aoroiu : refas like - dome irata old cardinal Uanohlng Ihb'carso of Bomo. Sdmslhlng Prowls switUy alfag thogiey ol lha serpentine tnrnriko,— adogirl. with the'drivar lashing a jadail hPtaa. ; A qnfak wind gosa ahlnring 'by, and lB loat fatha forest. -i: ' ' Now a narrow atrip- of twocoloorsd gold strotohes alOogthchorlaon. __ailllw»torltgra9aaUycomlng lo lis seiusij. ; ' The-ann-.' hts bofluti to ; tnfaklo fa ' tho "gl5 Pfaaa J' ; tho- 'Oathplle" obapel and to make lllBlt known' to- tha done to the slone; hotter ol tha BodthNhnveh. --Tho patdhaa; of eofa web that hers dnd. thsrs cllsg tramhfadalwto' thw'POMBs grata of'lha fanndated meadows have - tornod Into cllrsmels, and: the miiv. pond— It will be Btsal-bfae later— ia:aa smooth and whlta;akiHfch»dl»ea -paved with on# vast nnbrpteniBlaboutolNlooam'sMaiblo Yard-'Threhgh a>rafa>bf 'bwttoiik«ooda oii' lho:oorthoratshlrt qt tho .vUlaga faiaaen a: square, fap-ateafawdibnUdfag, pafafad a dl? ogrocable'.bruwnand; aturonudedpnihJfeb Bidaa by aipUUefatTvOna of 'favaa.W Clfiht Blmllar BtatlonB.ilrnng.llko -Indian -beads oma branoh- sthraSdiol lhe„Greal: BBgafaofa Bflllway. . ,| . fasten! iThat.ia thoi jfagfa of (ho ibfals on the- bakerio cart.na it bsgiuo its roundq. ' From jlnnnuimaMo obininoyg the curdled smoke -gives;:, ovidonca that thrifth honsowlfe— or, what'ia rarer fa SUUwatS the hired, girl-hM'::iighted the : kitohoa fire. ' "r i T Tho ohimnm-ottok Ipf ono hoasa nb' tho end of a small Cbdrt-r-thb fast 'house on .tho.eaaterly. edgo.of.tho yUlago, and stand- .ing.Tnltd aloheendahptho Bmokp.':vYet the oarolully tfalncd iry ovei.faa, ppiobL: and: tho lomon vorbona la:a tnb .ab- tho foot.of tho stejps, Intlmato'tbut tbb'plaoafa nob nnooonpiod. , Moreover; ' , thb - IlfctiS tquarorriggoil sohoonev - whioh '.aoto'-uab' Wvather-oookonphoof faevgables,' ond;.ia now hooding duo wdst, has two now okyi.- sails.,: It, is, a steroy-and-n-half cottage!; , with a largo expaneo o£ - roof,'! which, covered with porous,, unpointed- shingles, iooma to ronol the snnsHina that now o token fnllmpon it. Thonppor and ' fawor blindb oatba mafabnildlng, oa.woU.'na: thoso.-on ,the .extonrione, are tightly :, closed. - Thb shri. oppoora to beat, fa vofa; sit' thd oa'soi" monto of 'this sllont hohss;:: whtbh-his h- onrioiuly anllon and defiant air, 'aa.it it hod dcopcrntolyand'auoooBafdlly b'airioadod Iteqlf against 'the opproach'.ot ' morning! i vet if ono wcro stanalng fa.theiioomtbirt' losdsfixmi'tho bod-ohambor.onthojgrouna floor— tha room with tho ldttloed WiUdow— ' onp would sos n ray pf light thrust through1 a-ohlokof tho ahottois, and(polhtfag'Ukp' a hnman flngor at an objeob' wklohlToa; by 1 tiwhoarth-, ' - - .. „ ' f :.,.Thfa jlngor, . gloaming. motlonfaM,;eh!i' awfal in lte proaslon, points to tho body of old Mr-LemhoVShdokfordJ: who lies thorb- .dbad in'hianighWIrcMawltha gasfajBoroan; hlaforohcad. , ,, , t > , Inifaqriukifassiof.lbatennimm faght a ' ) deed. darker than 'tho night Itaofa W toon'; idoxtofaiStillwater.,, -,.c i ? girl g&l.eyoaroid4oJ0-; p,SBSrt9r.plj.«iAfltcr ggvf A- later than nsnsl, and looked forward to being otfadly rated. ... ,:.,V!',,'J " He's np and bsen waiting' for ll," she said lo herself, observing the ssnllsry dpor 'sji. ."Won't I ketch HI It's him far growling and.snspplng at a bhdy,' arid it's mo .lor always, bring before or . behind time, bad lack to me. Ttasre's no plsalog-hlm." .. ' Mary phshsd; hick ths floor, and pushed through tbo. kitehsn, nerving herself all the > while to most Ihs objurgations whioh she sop. .posed wers lylng ln walt for her. The ouo- sbfao , was , butuUng .' wlthodt, brit .' slited thrpngh.tho gntn jsloulss, niadq.it a'grsy, oropnseular ; Ught, within. As the girl dpi protelisd the: - fable,': on! whioh a plate with knlfo and fork ,hid bison laid for bruklsit; she notlosd. somewhat -indlstluctly at' fireti a thfa red linp rending obliquely aorqss.tho flaor lrom the dlrsolffa of the Ittlngftoom and sndlng u ear the stove, Wherail had formed small pool. M,atj slopped short, sstrcely eonsalono why, and pssred insllnolivelylnlo the, , adjofafag apartmont. .Then, wiUi ' a imothorodery, she lot fill, the mllk.esn, 'arid a dosoo whllo rivriats, fa strings contrail to thai ons dark red lfas.,whlsb' first sisrtlad bar, went meandering over ttys kitsfan floori Wilb heroyss rivstod upon some obiooffri ihs next room, the' girl retreated baokward) alowly.arid' hsavily .dragging ona foot sfisr the olhar.untll shoresohsd ths iealleiy too r, then she Inmed swiftly and plaqged Into ths Twenty minutes later every man, woman, and child In Sllllwater knew -that old )h. Sbaokford bad been riinrdered fa'hls bed. : Mary Hennssieybad to tsll her story a hnodrad time daring the morning, for. essh mlnats brought to Mlebul's tonomsot a Irish listener hungry for Ihs details at flrit hud. . " How was It, Molly f Tall a body, dsn 1" "Don't bo asking mo i".orIed Molly, pros- tag htr palms to ber oyoa ,u 11 lo shot ont tbo tight, bat taklog oil the while a Socrel orespy latlshoUon lo living the seene over again, "It was kinder dark fa the other room, and there he was, laying fa his hlght- gowsd, with hls'faes tnrnid towards me, so ; looking mighty asvere-llks, jest is if hs was agolrig to say It's lata with ths milk ya-ars, ye bony i'— a way ho had of spskfag." "Bat ho didn't spake, Molly dstun'f ' "Hirer word. Ho was stone dead, don't yon ass. It was that still yon could hear mo heart best, saving than wasn't a drop of s beat fa It. 1 1st go tha can, sore, and than Ibaeksd ont, with mo ore on 'fan all the white, afeored to death that ha wonlflnpaafl pake them words." "The pore child I for Ihs likes of her to be wsklri np a murlkered mu fa tho mornln' 1" ' There was llltls or no work dons that day fa Sllllwater onfildo tha -mllli, and they were not rnoning fall hudod. A nnmber of man from tho Mlsntowona Don Works and MIWVHUt IMVHUIM UiyiV/SII BUIUD sorenty or eighty bands— lonngid aboat the streets in -thsir blonies or stood fa knot to front of th tavern, smoking short olay pipes. Not an nrehto pal fa an appearenea at Ihs small red brick building on- the tomplkcl Mr. Pfakbam, -ths idhooltaastor,. waited an honr for Ihe reaniuts, then tuned the key fa ths look ud went homo.' , . . - ( Driggled-looMng women, with dlsh-cloth or doit-pan in hand, stood fa door-ways , or Isusd from windows, talking in .snbdned voices with neighbours on the oarb-etone; In a hundred far-away, cities tha n'ows of tho snbdtban tragedy, had already been read arid forgotten'; 'bat here, the horror lioyed. , .v. : There was a odbstantly iohangfag orewd githoredvfa-frerit ol the honso in - Weloh's -Ooart. 'Au lnqaest wis being, held fa ,thq' room .adjoining ths -kitchen, Tha oonrti whioh ended at the gate ofthooottage, was fringed for acvsrel yareion each side by rows of cqnaUil, ;-wonderiogeblldron,,whoander, stood falhat : Coroner : Whtddenwas literally to itl on the desd body,— Mr. WhiddoD; a ; limp, Inoffanilva .Ultla man, who wonld not ' have 'flared fa. alt flown on a fly. : Hs had tossed, palUd and perspirlng. to tha scene of lis parfancteryflntles. ' .Tha resrilt of. ths invsaUgstlori was awaited - with feverish- Impatience, by tho people oat elds. Mr. Bbaskford hadnok bson ajKipalair man'; hi hid ; bocri ' a ' hard,' avar'iotoas, pat alonata' man, holdlog hte oWQ way remorse- . lesaly. ;;>Ho' had been the reverso'o! popular1, bat he hid long been a prominent onatacter iniBtlllwater,booauoeo!hls wealth, his enfl- : lore lawsuits, and -his : ceoeritrioity/hh ; Hint ballon of whlsh was bis porolstenoota living- antlrelyfaons in- Ihelaolqtedariddraavy old ihpiuor: tbatv Was heQCelonh to b'o inhabited \- by his shadow.- < Not hIs;sbadow alorie', - how ever, for it wis : now 'timomborod that the promlses-wero already held ln fce by another phutasmal tenant.; At i period long anterior to this; one Lydla Slopsr, a wldow, bad died .an-nnsxplalneddeathnnderthatBams rOoi. Tho -oouetderise ! -strnck deeply into' the Imagteatlvsportlari. of , Stillwater. The ' widow- Slopsr and- Bhackford bavo mide a match of H," remarked i lood hnmooflil, fa grimmer vein than oa'Stomary. Two ghoste had now-sst rip honiekscplngi as it Wste/in thsstrlckrii marielon; and wbatmlght nbt'bp teokcd far fa the wiy.oi speotral progcny I : j - v ' it ippearalto tho erowd fa the fine ihrt the: jqry were 'ririoorisbloiiably long in arriving' at' ft: deolBlori,' a'rid .wheri'a .deoHiori'i'sat longHi'ioaohod', tt'gayi-lbrit rriodiratqisatli. laollon. Alter-. >ar:Speridthrifi'%'aHi-',-:'(>i'! -'judlolal ' tlnio the' July l h»d ! dBolded "that " tha death of Iiernncl Bhaoklord was oiniod by-a1 blow'onitholelktemploi'lriiltaled'wllh soma tasbnmerit riot' dlaoovirahle,'- in 'Ihh hands- of some pofsori 'or persons 'uriknoivri.t ' " Wo knew.that beiorc/' grnmblsd a'yoics fa., the: orowd;-whcri, .to roll6va pnblio ' sni- petaic, lawyer Porkins-o iohg,:Iarik niiri, Iwilb I atringy v ;hlaoh : hitt- iririOtiriood thb .ywdtet' from the doorstep; '-:-J: Va v f : -Thsthoory ol sdloldo hadoblatesd rribfflsq- tarycrodonoooariy.in ths'morqlngiani orio 'twoslllltelung'to'ltwllh'thoionooity tbtyt . obifaeterissS'Tonons- , who! I'oritOrtafa'iifsw -idsifaTaiacospt this- theory it' waSriicsosaiy to bollsvathatMr. Shaakfordbad-lngeoioatly ihiddsri; thhi wsapori iiitet telrikiri'gi hlriusH ids ad; with a.Bingld'iblow.JNo.itwas nbt snlcldo. -8o. far -Irom-lri'tsriding to tiki' his' :Own- llfs, Mr. :8haoklordr'lt appearod, ht(d , mado, rathor«ar6M prsppratlona to live tbtyt i day; Tha.brpqkfast tamo had been laid over night, :lho. coals lolt ready, for hlndllng fa Ills . Franklin Btoyo,-and.a.kottlal filled with writer , to.be hoatedrfor -his toi.oyi.coflco; stood -on .the.hearthv .... , , i. .Twri'f riots had .shstply domonstratod thom- . .splyes-rflmt, .that Mr. : Sbaokford. had beqn , fariluorea ., and, ssooad, that tho spnr, lo I he oriWiririd bepn , thi; possesion of ,a aa» Al- -mono;,,wtyloh; tbaVflqMaied .was shppoied to .tyoepjlrij.ri.eUopB-bimitoWsNsdwm,- . a«o .padlock had.heon ,nrspchod , open,,- and'. Wo lss.,yrilaablti ooritenlri.of; :!hp, ofiqat, oMofly paperq.ecattetcd'ovorfthq.corpctiiiA memo- ;,riq3nm,amqng tho-papora sq'smod to. opcolly tho -rejfpcatlvs.enins to .nptes arid gold: thfa bid been deposited in, fho.bqx.':: A desomsnt qf iOcao: klnd. hpd :boon ,tprn : fate . minute. ! pIcoOs, inflttyrowri fato tho waslo haBkej./On cloBO 'solmltoy a word dr two hsrsiapd ttypre revealed tho.feot thfa tbo floonmenrwu'ol A .loBfa" pharoiter,:'-, The'-frpgtrierite "wore pnt lnto au oavolopo, and jrivsri iri.oharga of Mr. , Bhrioklord'alawycr, who plqeod ee'alapri that ! arid, ori' tho drawers ' ol .ut eseritolre ' wfaoh rSteofa;.the.yaorner,,;and';Contiflaed '.othor 'miririforipte, j Tho instrument with whioh tho fatal . blo«t hadbOendoalt— (orthonatopey enowod thai lharo had been-. bat ons olow— wia nofconlynot dieo ovorablp, but tho foeblan ,plit,Apflo4eonjcsloro- .'.Tho.shoio .oltao . « , it , . 1 wound did - riot i.todloato .tho.-neo, ot .an Implorrient kriowri-to.tho jurors/aoveral of whom were ikillod machinists. , Tho wound was on inoh> and tbreo-qnavters in length, and wiry deep at tho . extremities ; tin the middle it '.scaroely, : penotratod to .the oranlnm. : 86 boculiar a oat .corild not have been prodncodlwlth >thO olaw part "ot. n hammer, because the ofaw is always carved; arid the idciaion Wari atnlght. Afiatrdaw; such as is naed ln opening paoMng oaacsJ itos suggested. A oolleottenicf the several eirioamanufoloturodwao proenrod, -but hope eonresponded' with Ithe wonnd ; <they wore either too wids or too' nareow. Morpover,' the ont waa u thto aa tho .blado of a oaao knlfo. : : 1 ; \ , jir-!;,' ;. J-.., - -t , .i 'j . ' " That -' was' povor done bynny tooliln theso parts," deolared S tevens, tho foreman of.thoflnlshlng«hqp;atloqnn;'B.v > ,, r V) .The assasalnor rwaisslns bad ieqtored by the eoullory door; the simplei fastening of whioh,- s hook orid etaple, hid been broken.' Thero wora footprinte in tbo soft olay path leading i from the aide , goto, to the, stone step; tnt Mary Hennessey had so ooofuaed and obliteretou the nntltoea that now it waa Imposaiblo aoenrately to measnre them. A haK-bnreod . match was found under. -tho' Utah— evidently- thrown thero .by :tho bdrgUrs. It was of a kind known aa ,tho safety matob, whioh ora be ignited onlyj by .motion -on' a . strip. of chemically-pro- pared paper glued to thoibox. . Aa no : tori of thlq deicriptlon; was discovered, and, :as' all the othor matqaes irtlho honso were of a different make, the charred aplinter woa proeorved. The most minnto oxamlnatlori faked to show more than this- : The last time Mr. Sbaokford - had boon seen aliva was at six o'clock the previous evening. . Who had dono tho deed f , " Tramps I" aniwerod Stillwator, with ono voice, though Stillwator lay aomowhat out of the natural highway, and the tramp' — that bitter blossom of clriUsafion .whoso' seed was blown to no from over aoro— waa not then as ocmmonby,thoNcw England roadsidoi as ho bocamo five or 'six years' later. Bat it was intolerable not fa havo a theory; it waa that or .none, for oonjeotnra turned to no ona fa tho village. To bo ore, Mr. Sbaokford had'beon in litlgiition with soyeral of tho qorpo rations, and had' had legal qnarrels with more than ona of hla neighbours ; bnt 'Mr. Sbaokford had; novor been viotorlont in any of thoso coa tee to, and tho inoontivo of rovongo.wris' waattog to explaln tho orlmo. Boaidos, it woo eo oleaxly robbery. Thongh tha gathering around tho Shriok- ford, honso hod rednosd iteolf to. half a doaon Idlers, and tho, less freqaentcd s tree to had resumed their normal aspect of dallnesf, Ihoro was a etrango eloctrio quality in tho atmgephcro. The.oom- mnnttv trao In flinf. af af a a#' an — — — "vy "»" « wnnw Hfwsw, w OHXVOqcu ogitatloif. and Bneplolori whioh no 'word adequately describes.' Tho slightest elr- onmstarice would have' riwayed it to tho belief !ln' any inan's griilt; rind indeed there , were, men in Stillwater quito capable of disposing of a follow-creatiiro for a mnoh aniaUer reward than Ufa. Bhackford "had held oat. ' In splto'of the trritop theory, ' harmless . tln-podlar, who had 'not passed' through tbo plaoo for weeks/ was dragged from bis glittering cart that1 afternoon, as he: drove emiltogly into town, and. wonld have beeri;rbnghly haridlea if Mr.-Eiohard Sbaokford; a consfa of the doceaacd, had not interfered. ;. Aa the day..worq ori; the oxoitoinOrit' deepened -in- intenelty, . thongh -the mc- pieaalonpf it .; became .neatly Vrjatfae'it; : It wai nptiosd that the lamps thrqugh.qrit the village were, lighted rierirly, an hour earlieri than urinal, v A. sense; of tosocurlty eetSed nfam StlHwqtor. with-fno friUfag' twilight— that namoloss apprehensiori whloh ii pos- aibly.moro . trying to tho.' .norves. .thiri tangiblo dangor. j .WhGn ri m'an la smitten tooxplloably, as if .by ! , ri bdd ilcBa . hand s tre tchcd put of a cloud — when tho red slayer yanhhte':Uk6':ri;mte't'knty';leavei':rio'triritoii' trace of hla Identity— the mystery shtoadlig, tha deed -preaently : bispomeo' more 'appalling tbari 'the florid' itself;' 'There' is':riomethlng' paralysing, fa .thri 'thonght'-of riir irivirible hand romowhere rMay:to.'Styfaa at'i your, oi at tome lUe: dearer ;than your'o'wri. - Whoaa hand, and where . Is ; it I :'-Parhapa: It paases yon yoni ooffsa at brealffafa ;> perhaps yon jutve hired. 'lt.-toi shovel theesnow. off. your sidewalk; porhapa lt hal bmihsd agalnatyoa fa the orowu ; ; or may bs yon htvodropped a coin into the fearful palm, rit a street oorneri Ah, theterrlbla: unseen hand-that stabs yout: Imagination thlo Immortal v part of -yon whlob la ahuudred times mole siBslttve thari yonr poor poriahablo body I . Iu the midst of sltnatlons the moskaolemn .and tragic, thcre-iOftcn ..falls . light purely fartloal-.fa Ita IncoDgrnliy. - Bach . a ; gleam was nnoomcloutlv projected upon the present' orlaUr. by.. Mr. Bodge, batter 'known to : the .village aa Father, Bidge,; Mr; Bodge was stone deaf .naturally, stupid, and: had , been ricayly moribund, for .thirty years with. asthma; .float before nightfall -ho hadorawlefl in hle bawlX dered wheeay fashion down - to tho '.tavern1,' where he found a sombre orowd totbo bar- xoom;,i, Mr, Bodge ordered hla snug of beer, : and aat vlpping it, gloaelng meditatively from time toi.tlmo over, the powtor rim at. the muto .assembly: Suddenly: bo broke out, .i S poaa you'vo heerd that old Shaok'- ford'a boon mnrdorod." . , . i - Bo.-lhe . son:: went'down von. StUlwatel Again thegreat walL of; pines -and herialooks made a gloom agatoek the aky-'.-iXho ttdon ro«o frombehtodthe.teee-tops, frestlng their raggod .edges; aqd.then .qweeping. np:. to- the xonllh hnog .serotyely abova. tho. World/as if t hero. - were never , a: erhqe; : qr : a-' laar; or ' k heart-break in ltall. > 77 v;-.: J On the afternoon ol tho following day Mii Bhackford was duly bnried. Tho lensraf, under ttys dlreellonof Mf.Bioberd Shaokford; ' who acted sb lOhlef - mourner, and was sole mourner by right of, kinship, took: plaoo to ' profound eltonoo. : . Xbe oarpentors, who had fast o.dayqn Btshop's. now. stables, fateri- mitted tbpir, sawing|.and hapimoring whllo tho apivloss wore in progress;: tho steam was shut off in tho iron-mills; and no ollokl tog of tho chisot was heard to the marbla yard far enhnnr, daring whioh many of the shops had. tholr chatters np.' Then, when alt was ..eyerxlhq Imprfapnod ; fiend in the boilers gave a plorolng: shriek, tho leather bands slipped on the 'revolving drante, the oplridloe leapod toto llfti - again, arid - the eld > order of things ..was reluctated— oetwardli, bat not fa effect. f . ..Good ADvraa'-ro a. JunaW—Jim Webster was brbught typ yesterday bstora an Austin' justice of too psaco. It was tho oatno old' ohargo that need to botoer.hlm eo much fa Galveston. ; After too evidence waa all In; tho. jadgo, with a:porplcxed -look; saldiT- But I do not comprehond.'Wobstor, how' it f was posslblo- for yon; to steal -those uhlekcaa when thoy wore , roosting! rigtit nndor too ownoris window; and thoro We tw6 violoua doge fa toe-yard" ; "Hit woqldn't flo' yer o bit 'of good, jodgoi ' far me to sploin heir I'cotohSfl dom ohlckcnb/ for. ycr couldn't do it yolaelf if yo tried It forty: times, arid yor might got-ycq -taldo full of bnokshot do borry fast tfrnpyot pu6 yevlegober do fenoo. Dobtswa'fqr'yrir tflr fil -illftaa- Id fil twlAP hflV QfiwAftlalvaMn [?] "jfl" .T" -»fl JVvywiVAVM 