A GRAPE FROM BY JAMES PAYNE. (Author of " Lost Sir Masingberd") [Pnblithea by special arrangement-with the Author: All right® reserted.] Ghaptfr XLI.—A. Party op Four. To Ella the reticence of Aunt Esther ■with respect to Mr. Heyton's character was almost as significant as her revelations; it was a subject she evidently avoided as being a very distasteful one, and yet when pressed she spoke her mind upon it. She had left him at first to make his own way with her niece, and so long as he had failed in it, would have been well content to keep silence; but no sooner had he gained her ear and appeared to be gaining her good opinion, than Aunt Esther had stepped in with her note of warning. Ella did not dispute her relative's wisdom in this, and far less her good intentions; but upon the whole, social life at the castle, with her only two companions at daggers drawn, did not promisa to be very cheerful, and she almost regretted having volunteered to come out of her retirement before there was need for it. She looked forward to this daily dinner party of three, with their services of silver gilt, with anything but pleasure, and would have preferred a dinner of herbs on wooden platters with a little friendly feeling. Her apprehensions on this score, as happens to us in so many cases (which is meant no doubt to be set on the per contra side of our many disappointments), proved to be groundless; for on the very next day, when she was about to prepare for dinner, Miss Birt'ourst in upon her in a state of breathless excite ment with the news that there would not be three that day at dinner, since His High ness himself would join the party. " Such a thing, my dear, has not oc curred," she panted, " since I have been at the castle." " I am glad to hear he is coming," said Ella. " Now lam so glad to hear you're glad," continued the old lady. " I was so afraid that it might make you nervous. There is really, however, nothing to be afraid of; ' you have only to be like yourself,' as ho says,* and you're sure to please.' " Who says ?" enquired Ella, laying down her pencil (which was now almost always in her fingers when she was not deep in perspective), and staring at her aunt in un feigned surprise. " Oh, well, perhaps I shouldn't have men tioned it; but His Highness was talking about you and your singing, and so on, and praising the naturalness of it." " It certainly is not artificial," said Ella, smiling, " for I have had too little teaching; he must be very easily pleased." " By some people, perhaps, my dear, but not generally; even Mr. Hey ton, though he certainly does his very best, doesnot always succeed in that." " I should like to see him at it," said Ella, smiling. " At what, my dear ?" " Trying to please His Highness. Mr. Heyton on his best behavior must be an interesting spectacle." " He does not interest m6," said Aunt Esther, drily. "No; that is because you are used to him. Dear papa used to say that every body was interesting for five minutes. I am not so clever, and therefore I don't find out people so quickly." " it will take you a very long time to find out Mr. Heyton, my dear," said Aunt Esther, gravely. " Then the pleasure will last me all the' longer," returned Ella, smiling. " What a strange girl you are," said the old lady, musing. "But I am delighted to see you so cheerful." " T es; with my father but a week dead," said Ella, bitterly, " I must seem a strange girl indeed to most people—one without a heart, for one thing. There, don't mind me, Aunt Esther ; I know what you would say. It is better thus than to let nature take her way; besides, poor folks, as you yourself admitted, cannot indulge in the luxury of grief." " Sou have forgotten the best reason of all, Ella; we agreed, you know, that to show a brave face to the world would be the best way to please those who have left you alone in it." " Thank you, dear Aunt Esther, you are as wise as you are kind. It is indeed well to remember what you have just said. Only, when you see me talking and laughing you will recollect that for all that I have not forgotten " . " Ella, Ella, pray do not give way," cried Aunt EBther, earnestly. " I don't call you • my darling' for fear it should make you worse, but I feel for you. Oh,-yes, for I imow what it is." ■v" u Life is very, very hard," sobbed the c; rl. " Yes, at times it seems too hard. Yet it is not only in heaven that God wipes away our tears," t> it was only for a moment, Aunt Esther} 1 am better now, Has the first gong gone ?" " Yes, deary. Let me put some eau de cologne upon your sponge. There, now nobody -will know—at least nobody of any consequence." \- "That is a very modest speech," said Ella, -with a grateful smile. " Oh, I did not mean myself, my dear; though it is quite true I am a person of no consequence. I meant that you would not deceive Mr. Heyton. He has the eyes of a lynx. Now, I wouldn't have His Highness know that you had been crying for a good deal." " Why not ?" " Well, _ because it would mate him so sorry; it is his particular wish that you should be happy at Barton." "That is very hind of him," said Ella; but she could not help thinking that his good wishes were not of the same sort she had been used to at Wallington. Perhaps it was bitterness of spirit that made her refuse to believe in the good feelings of great folks of all kinds, but it seemed to her that she was wanted to be happy for another's sake, and net her own; that she might make herself more agreeable to him, or be in better voice for singing. Depen dence was new to her, but in time, no doubt, she reflected, "I shall come to understand things, and to see that sorrow or illness are out of place in one of my position, and put people of real consequence to inconvenience." Or, on the other hand, would she never learn this distasteful lesson, but yearn all her life for sympathy and friendship upon equal terms ? There are two ways by which the human character may he moulded—one by tbe gradual means of time and use, and another by a sudden plunge into the fur I nace of adversity. In this latter, however, | thero is some danger (of heart-break) in the cooling process. The dinner-table at Barton, always ample for its guests, had an addition that evening of a peculiar character. At one end there was a piece of elevated table-land, laid for a single person, which placed the others, as it were, below the salt. Here His Highness took his seat with a sort of curved bow to the rest of the company, as though he was just making their acquaintance," though, as a matter of fact, he had seen two-thirds of them a dozen times in the day. Eila, as it happened, he had not seen, and he at once addressed to her an enquiry after1 her health. He spoke in a low voice, as though the matter were a secret between them, so that her reply, which was soiaewhat in her usual tone, had almost the air of a breach of confidence. Whether from that imita tion which is said to be the sincerest form of flattery, or from a notion of reverence, t it was the fashion at Barton to speak in bushed tones in His Highness's presence, which gave to the remarks indulged in a i certain importance that they would other wise, perhaps, have somewhat lacked. Shut ' out as they were from the external world, the tenants of the castle had, as a rule, no every day topics to discourse upon, while phi j losophy and literature were not encouraged. It was this absence of general conversation j I perhaps which gave Ella the opportunity j ■ of noting certain little facts which other wise might have escaped her observation. One was that their host was helped first, like a prince of the blood, and her aunt ana herself afterwards; another was that though he paid her but little colloquial attention his eyes were as diilicult to avoid as Mr. Ileyton's had been on the previous day. Their glance was not so intelligent: as the secretary's, but it was gentle and kindly, and the eyes were very fine eves. On remarking subsequently on this to Aunt Esther, that lady replied, " My dear, you may well say that; such eyes were never seen in man or bird but the eagle and Prince Charlie." An observation so un characteristic of the speaker that Ella at once set it down as His Highness's' own, though it was so only by adoption; the historical^ or natural - historical parallel having originally been suggested to him bv Mr. Heyton. If His Highness's eyes took those eagle flights in her direction the secretary kept his lynx eyes upon H13 Highness. Not a look, not a word, not a movement of his august master escaped him. And when the solemn silence became too oppressive even for bis master'simood, Mr. Hey ton's musical voice was lifted up as though a fountain (of oil) had been suddenly set flowing. " There has been a curious discovery, sir, at Wallington to-day, where some workmen have been excavating." His Highness lifted his brows perhaps a hair's-breadth. If the Secretary had said '• The weather is fine at Wallington," he could not have evinced a more profound indifference. " It was at the Ultramarine, where Miss Josceline has been staying." "Indeed!" observed His Highness, in a tone that seemed to say, "Why did you not say that at first, blockhead ?" Yes; in a part of the building which I believe is called the Prior's House, is it not ?" And the Secretary appealed to Ella with so swift a side glance that Ms eyes hardly left his patron's face. " Indeed I have reas an to know it," she replied; "Itwas there a dear little child in whom I was interested had a serious Hint ss." "Miss Josceline has omitted to add, sir, that she nursed Mm through it," observed the Secretary. "He must have been a happy bov," observed His Highness. "Ob, woman— what aie the lines, Heyton ?" The speaker in his turn, though addressing the Secretary, kept Ma eyes fixed on his fair neighbor. j Mr. Heyton supplied the lines as in duty bound; he was not only, as his master ad mitted. Ms right hand, but also his library of reference. "Well, sir, under the Prior's house has been discovered a skeleton with a long Spanish cloak, which, however, moulded away on being exposed to the air." "A Spanish cloak 1" ejaculated Ella with excitement; "that is most curious. The poor child was terrified by some apparition of that nature; and indeed I saw it, or thought I saw it, myself." "Happy apparition!" ejaculated His B]ghnese._ «That is to say," he added with gravity, " if the vision was reciprocal. Do you really mean that you saw a ghost, I Miss Josceline ?" ' j il Indeed, sir, I thought I saw something" said Ella, with difficulty restraining ifer I emotion, though she felt it so ill-timed. "But of course one does not believe iii ghosts." " Well I would not say that," returned His Highness, " only at the Ultramarine one would scarcely have supposed any one of sufficient importance, though to be sure there have been Priors of noble lineage. Yrou see it is only the oldest families who have ghosts," Tbe positiveness and gravity with which he enunciated this amazing theory would under any other circumstances have tickled Ella's sense of humor; but as it was, she only bowed her head, which, though she did not know it, was the wisest thing she could have done. Respectful submission was a thing His Highness greatly preferred to argument, or even conviction. "It has always struck me as remark ble, pursued the Secretary, with a solem- > mty that would have excited suspicion in 8.ny breast save that of his patron^that in the House of Stuart there is no well authenticated record of a spiritual visita tion. One would have thought that, with such a history, and distinguished by sc. a melancholy events—Mary Queen of Scots and Charles I., for example—(for au instant his eyes met Ella's with such an expression of drollery that Mhad added ' both with their heads under tueir arms,' it would only : I have seemed "what might have been ^ex ■ pected)—there would have been ghosts." His Highness shook his head as if in doubt upon this point. Upon the whole he seemed to feel it might be a distinction in the case of the very highest family not to he haunted. «it is curious," continued the secretary, '•and adds a great weight of testimony to the incident, that Miss Joceline's little companion should have seen the figure in question, children always have a greater insight into the spiritual world than grown Pe°POr rather," put in Miss Birt, irritated as usual by the Secretary's veiled ridicule of their common pation, and especially at the annoyance, ox even alarm, which the topic was evidently causing her niece, " gliould -we not 6itriply say tr»at cuilareii are more easily frightened than grown p6^That scarcely goes to the root of the matter, madam," returned the secretary; "or, indeed, if it means any thing, would suggest that there were no such things as ghosts at all, which is contrary to the views His Highness has been so good as to express to us. I have myself known an instance of a child, not indeed a ghost-seer, but who was the undoubted instrument of spiritual agency." His glance, like a casting-net, took in both Ella and his patron as it en quired whether he should proceed. His Highness nodded, carelessly enough; buu Ella, interested because of Davev's strange experience, and eager for light upon it, mur mured, •'Pray fell us." _ " A lady of my acquaintance had three children, the youngest of whom was a girl of six. She was of a melancholy, though by no means of a morose disposition, and very thoughtful for her years. Her air aud manner also were what we call in a child 'old-fashioned,' but otherwise there was nothing to distinguish her from other chil dren. One morniDg, while _ sitting by her mother's side with her doll in her arms, she suddenly observed, ' Mamma, I should like to put my doll in mourniDg.' "'lhat is a strange idea, Kifctv, hut I will ask Jane to get you some black ^calico at the shop.' And she did so. Kitty was her mother's favorite child, either because she was tbe youngest and most delicate, ^or because her reticence and quiet ways uid not recommend her to other people, who preferred her sisters Georgie and Nellie. She generally got what she asked for. A few days after this poor Georgie got a sore throat, which turned out to be diphtheria, and was dead in a few days. Her parents were inconsolable, and their loss made them doubly anxious for those that remained to them, especially Kitty, who showed pre monitory symptoms of consumption, and for whose sake the family removed to the seaside, where, however, she gathered little strength. Six months afterwards she re marked in her quiet way that Dolly's dress was getting sadly the worae_ for wear, and that she must have a new suit of mourning. •"Mounting ? Why mourning, my dear,' replied her mother. _ 'How isff you are so fond of dresssing it in black ?' "' Oh, it must be black,' said Kitty ; ' mine is not a gay doll, and dislikes going into society.' " On the first day that Dolly had her new dress tried on a dreadful accident happened. Nellie, running too near the edge of the cliff, fell over it, and was picked up mortally hurt. She never spoke again, and died in a few hours. Then all the affection of her parents centred in Kitty. For a time she seemed to mend a little, as if responsive to their tender care; hut after a few months she grew worse than ever. As her mother hung over her little bed one morning, she perceived that her doll, from which she seldom parted, and never when she slept, was dressed in a new suit of black. The recollection of the child's last two requests, followed by such sad fatalities, recurred to her with painful force, and Kitty seemed to read it in her eyes. i "'I am very sorry, mamma,' _ sae whispered, c but I was obliged to do it. I was afraid that you wouldn't let Dolly have her new mournirg, so I got Jane to buy it for her.' , " The next morning Kitty was found lying dc ad with her dumb favorite clasped in her aims." ' „ "1 really think, Mr. Hey ton, that you need not tell us such distressing storms," observed Miss Birt, with irritation. '' Yoa have quite frightened Miss Josceline." "No, indeed," said Ella, "It was very foolish of me if I looked frightened." "I am sure Miss Josceline is much too sensible," observed His Highness confi dently, "to be frightened about a rag doll." " Just so—an Aunt Sally, if I may be excused the vulgarism," put in the secre "Aunt who?" enquired His Highness sharply. It had suddenly struck him (for getting that Mr. Heyfcm knew, or should know, nothing about it) that the secretary was making some contemptuous reference to the relationship between Ella and Miss Birt, "Aunt Sally is the amusement _ot Ue lower classes on the racecourse, sir,' ox plained the secretary. '•Then the lower classes ought to ye ashamed of themselves," was tne unex pected rejoinder. " Her sex aud age skouid be a protection to her. In the sense that every solcfier is said to be a gentleman, every woman is a lady, and should ire treated as such." Aud with another sweep ing inclination of his head to the company His Highness rose, whereat the company stood up (just as gentlemen rise when ladies leave the room), and remained stand ing till the door of his private apartments had closed behind him. 