BERTHA LANGLEY'S IUSTAKE. BEsRTHA Langley had beeoon marriled just a year-a year so full of hlappiness it had passed like a dream. Her marriage hlad been talked of as a dangerous venture by her friends, for Mervyn Langley was the member of an old but extravagant family, and with small means and refined tastes men are apt to get into difficulties. But, so far, none of their evil predictions had been verified. Bertha wcs as sunsible as she was pretty, and she put hler heart into her housekleeping, determined that her hus band should miss none of the comforts to which he was accustomed. She studied cookery- books and househokld management. She put on a big apron in the morning, and dusted china, and made dainty dishes for Mervyu's late dinner; having been told by a very wise old lady, who understood men, tlhat ill-cookled meals and a badly ordered house did more to alienate their affections than thIe loss of beauty. And the result had verified the assertion, for Mervyn was as much her lover after twelve months of matrimony as he had been after three days, and would say often, as he came in from his office, and lookled about him with a satisfied smile "There's eio place like home. I wouldn't ,tehange my little wife, and my little house for all the gold of Golconda's mines." On the first anniversary of tleir wedding day, Bertha awoke smiling to find a bouquet lying on the pillow beside her, and Mervyn said as he bent down to kiss hler 'I mean to give myself a holiday to-day, and take you for a drive into thie country, Bertha love. It is a poor hIeart that never rejoices, and I have too much reason to bless my wedding-day not to make a fete of this anniversary." Bertha made a necklace of her white arms to draw his face down to hers, and then she said, sighing "We are so happy, Mervyn, I am almost afraid. If anything were .to happen to make us less to each other than we are now I should break my heart." " What shouldhappen, you foolish child ?" he said, half-chidingly. "Don't you knlow that the first year is always a good test; and now we have found out that we suit each other, there is nothing to be afraid of. Besides, we love each other entirely, truly, and perfect love casteth out fear." "It has never occurred to me to doubt you yet;, Mervyn; it isn't that-" "What is it then, my love ? " " Nothing, only that I am, as you say, a foolish child, dear, and not having a trouble in the world, I want to make one." Mervyn Langley became suddenly very grave. "Don't try to make troubles," he: said; "when they come of themselves they come much too soon, and there is silrely no reason why our future together should not equal the past." :" Of course not," auswered Bertha, smiling through her tears; and ehe smelt at her bouquet, and said.no more. But a heavy presentiment of coming evil went with her through the day that should have been so pleasant, and marred its brightness. Even when she and Mervyn were wandering through the woods hand in hand, gathering wild roses and honeysuckle, lilke a couple of happy children, she would shiver sliglitly every now and then, from a feeling of oppression she could neither conquer nor understand. But Mervyn did not know of this, and voted the day a great success, although Birtha was so tired she had to go to bed as soon as she reached home. But the drive through the dusty lanes in the summer twilight had been very delightful, she said the next morning, and altogether she iad had a happy day, that it wouldhbe nice to remember always. How ever, when Mervyn had gone off to his office, she confessed to herself that she felt, somehow, languid and depressed. Being of a cheerful disposition naturally shel could not understand her own mood, and busied herself about her household matters, hoping that occupation would drive these foolish fancies away. She succeeded in part, but they returned in double force when about four o'clock in the afternoon shle received the following note from her husband Deoarest Bertha,l-I have business that will detain me in town until quite late, so don't expect Ine to dinner. So sorry. In great haste, your always loving MEnVYNs. There was nothing the least suspicious about this note, and yet the moment Ber tha had read it a demon entered her heart and whispered:-" It isn't business that will keep him in town this evening; don't allow yourself to be so easily deceived." And yet to doubt him seemed very wrong and shocking when that very morning he had parted from her with a kiss and a tender smile, and they had been all in all to each other for one happy year. Bertha determined she would think of it no more, and having made pretence of eat ing her solitary dinner, she put on lier hat and walked towards IMersham in hopes of meeting her husband coming home. Their house was a mile out of the town, and when Bertha lad gone about three parts of the way, she began to feel tired, not being quite well, and sat down in a field where she could watch the road with out being easily perceived by the passers by. She had not been here more than five minutes when she saw a tall figure she re cognizsed as her husband's just turning the ,corner; and to her utter surprise and con ' sternation, by his side walked an elegantly dressed woman, whose very carriage showed, poor Bertha thought, a coquettish consei ousness of being handsome and attractive that filled her with jealous rage. And Mervyn was evidently cognizant of the fact too, for he. turned to her in spealk ing as if his eyes loved to linger on her face, and once Bertha noticed that he had his hand on her shoulder as if to add im pressiveness to the words he was saying. Bertha was nearly suffocating; but her indignation was at its culminating point when they stopped just in front of the hedge behind which she was hidden, and Mervyn said "I must get homo to Bertha now, or she will be wondering what has become of me." "Very well," his companion answered; "but when shall I see you-to- monrow ?" "I will call at your lodgings at about eleven o'clock. I thinki it would be better you should not come to the office again, for you are the sort of woman, whom no one could overlook, and people will talk-won't they ? "As far as I am concerned they may talk as much as they liko. I am too miserable to mind." " My dear Florence, why do you take such a despairing tone ? I am sure we shall be able to manage things and maltke you happy. You knlow I will do my best." "Yes, I know that," she answered sadly. " But all these complications harass and discourage one. However, I won't keep you from your wife," she added, smiling, as Bertha thought, very cruelly. " For good ness sake don't let her suspect anything, or all our plans will be ruined." " I am not so sure of that; but I suppose you must have yoer own way for the pro sent." "And for the fututre too, I hIope," she; said with a coquettish movement of her graceful shoulders. "You know I always manage to get it somehow." "What a woman wills, God wills, the French say," observed lMervyn, laughing. "At the same time it doesn'tdo td trost too much to one's luck, you know."' "I don't trust to my luck. I trust to you, Mervyn." "I am proud of your confidence, Florence; but I think this must be our last con spiracy. There is poor Bertha-" "I don't see that Bertha is at all to be pitied I." exclaimed his companion disdain fully. "You are always worrying yourself about her." "As in duty bound, Florence," he answered, withl a gravity which Bertha thought mustl needs conceal a world of self reproach. - " Poor child I it is hard I should be forced to deceive her." " Then you had better give me up alto gether, and leave me to my fate," replied his companion sharply. "I shall drown myself in yonder river if you do; but that won't matiar, of course." " You are talking very foolishly, Florence. Suicide is a terrible sin, and the supremest folly besides, for surely it is better as Shakespearo says, 'to bear the ills we have than fly to those we wot not of.'" "But supposing the ills you have are un bearable ? " "When philosophy fails us, endurance steps in," said Mervyn. "Forgive me for preaching, Florence; but you really deserve it when you speak in that way." "I speak as I feel; it is my nature," she replied. "But I really mustn't keep you any longer from Bertha. You will be sure to come to-morrow ?" ' You may rely upon me," he answered, and then, to Bertha's infinite disgust, he bent his tall head and kissed the woman at his side. " Good-by, Florence, and don't show yourself more than is absolutely necessary in Mersham. They are not accustomed to women of your appearance, and will be trying to find out who you are." "I think they have been doing that already, for my landlady told me this morning she had been asked about the handsome widow-meaning myself." " Very impertinent of her, I must say; but you are so imprudent, Florence." "I cah't keep msself shut up always, and you know you said yourself people would talk."' p. "And the circumstances are peculiar of course." "Very peculiar," she observed with a short laugh. " Good-by again." This time they really parted, M\ervyn hurrying homewards, the other returning to the town, whilst poor Bertha sat stunned and trembling on the bank, a terrible impulse moving her to make such an end of herself as Florence had threatened, and leave her husband free to marry the woman he preferred to herself. But Bertha was a Christian, and the evil impulse was not only conquered, but repented of in a minute, leaving Iher witi a horror of herself that such a thought had been possible. She rose from the bank and took Iher way slowly towards home, dreading now to enter the house which a few days ago she had looked upon as an earthly paradise. How should she meet her husband, slt wondered, and would he dare greet her with a kiss. But whilst she lingered, revolving these questions in her mind and trying to mark out a line of conduct for herself, their rich neighbour, Colonel Stanley, came by on horseback, and seeing Bertha, said in a tone of unaffected surprise " What, alone, Mrs. Langley ? Surely your husband is not ill ? " "I have no reason to suppose so," she answered with unconscious sharpness. " He was quite well when he left me this morning." " I am glad of that; but you see you are such a pair of turtle-doves when by chance one is alone you fancy some thing must necessarily be wrong with the other." The colonel was a handsome, fast-looking man of about five-and-forty, whom Mervyn hIad often warned his young wife to keep at a distance; but women do such foolish things when they are angry and miserable, and seeing her husband coming to meet her, Bertha, who was so utterly wretched she could have cried her eyes out, began to laugh and talk so coquettishly that the colonel (who did not see Mervyn) sprang off his horse and led it by the rein that he might walk at her side. "I think it is very old-fashioned for husband and wife to be fond of each other, don't you ?" she said, showing a delicious dimple, which Mervyn had so often admired when they were old-fashioned." "It is very cruel towards your neighbours at any rate," he lowered his voice to say. "Why cruel ?" "It rouses all the worst feelings of theirh nature." "I don't see why it should." " Put youiself in my place, Mrs. Langley. I, sitting at my lonely fireside, look out of the window and see you and your husband go by arm-in- arm, smiling into each other's eyes like a pair of happy lovers, and at that moment all the Cain in me is stirred up, and I feel as if I want to kill Mr. Langley -for whom I should have under any other circumstances a great liking- and takeo his place." Bertha laughed loudly enough; but there was no real merriment in the sound. "I think men are all alike; they only want what they can't have. ' The prize obtained the pleasure ceases,' you know." "You are the last woman in the world who ought to speak in that way, Mrs. Langley. Your husband has shown no disposition yet to neglect the prize hlie has obtained." A strangely bitter smile passed over Bertha's young face. " 01 of course not; I was speaking generally and giving you the result of my oxperienco." "At nineteen your experience oughln't to be worth much, Mrs. Langley." " Oughtn't it ? Don't you know, Colonel Stanley, that some womon of sixty havoen't seen nearly as much of life as a great many girls have ? I assure you Ifeel quite as old, whatever I may actually be in years." He stared at her in some surprise. Wasm it possible that hisprettyneighlbour'smarried happiness had been a deception and a snare :all along ? He had fancied there was no slkeleton in the cupboard at Laurel Cottage, but it seemed as if Mr. and Mrs. Langley were no happier than others, after all, and that love in a cottage was, as he had ahlwvays supposed, a. mistalke. Poor little thing I she was really so pretty that he felt quite inclined to console her, and he said in his softest accent with the mellow subdued voice so many women had thought irresistible: "If I were your lhusband I would take care that you did not feel old, MIrs. Langley. You ought to bo amusingyourself. Instead of that you are tied down to household cares and economies, I never see you at any of the parties about, and yet your hus band's birth entitles you to be there, and I do not know any person who would better grace our festivities. What does this mean ?" " Mlervyn was within hearing now, just behind, and Bertha; framed her answer accordingly. "I know I have lived very secluded, and and it is absurd as you say at my age; but I mean to alter my habits, and enjoy lifo a little for thIe future." "Then you will retract your refusal, and come to my garden-party the day after to-morrow ?" he urged, loolking at her admiringly. " Certainly, since you allow me to change my mind." "It is a woman's privilege, and one she exorcises too often for our peace of mind," he said, smiling. " Can I really trust you to come, Mrs. Langley ?" "You can trust me perfectly, Colonel Stanley. I never break my word." "Give me that rose out of your waistband as a pledge," If her husband had not been behind Bertha would have denied him indignantly; as it was she tossed the rose towards him, saying: "It is not worth your acceptance, Colonel S3tanley, for I have worn it all day." " Which makles it ten times sweeter to me," he began; but his compliment was nipped in the bud by Mervyn's advancing the last few steps towards him and remark ing quietly: " Thank you for taking care of mywife, Colonel Stanley. I was unfortunately de tained in town by busines, and not able to walkle with her myself. " The colonel was a iman of the world, and therefore not easily disconcerted; but he coloured slightly as he turned to greet Mervyn. - "I am afraid I hardly merit your thanks," he said, "for I have only just met Mrs. Lanigley, and consequently have had no chance of takling care of her." He raised his hatas he finished speaking, bowed low over the little hand Bertha ex tended to him, then sprang on his horse and rode away, leaving the two to fight it out, as he mentally expressed himself. Meanwhile Bertha and her husband walked along side by side, but silently, to the house. Mervyn was evidently quite as angry with her as she was with him-a fact which puzzled her a little, for she could not understand jealousy without love; and after what she had overheard that evening, it was impossible to suppose he cared for her ever so little now, whatever he lhad done in the days gone by. At the door they separated, still silent; Mervyn remaining in the garden, Bertha hurrying up to her own room, where on her knees, sobbing and sighing out her very soul, she prayed for comfort and strength. When she went down half-an-hour later Mervyn had helped himself to a cup of tea and returned to the garden, where he lingered until past eleven o'clock, smokling furiously and chewing the cud of bitter fancies meanwhile. As the clocke struck, Bertha put away the worklshe had been sighing over rather than stitching and went to bed. She felt de spairing now, for every minute of that long miserable evening she had kept hoping Mervyn would give an explanation of his conduct, and maybe plead for forgiveness. She loved himi so dearly in spite of all that he would not have pleaded in vain; but it was evident that he did not want her pardon, so that he kept Florenco's love; and so her last hope vanished, and she set herself to realize all her loss and despoilment. She cried till her pillow was wet with tears, and then, being young, she fell asleep, and slept heavily until morninmg. When she at last roused, Meorvyn had come and gone, or so she supposed, and she found a little note on her dressing-table, coldly-worded, in which he bade her not expect him until the next day, as he should have to stay at his office so late that he preferred to spend the night there. Bertha was like one dazed as she read this letter. It was inconceivable that a man should behave as Mervyn had behaved, and yet she could not doubt the evidence of her own eyes and ears. She hardly knImew how thIe day passed. She felt like one who is freed to live on the brink of a precipice, and does not know at what moment the awful crash of doom may come. This was the beginning of the end to her mind, and she never dreamt that she should ever see Mervyn again. In vain the servant, who was sincerely attached to her mistress, urged her to take food; Bertha replied always that she had a miserable headache, and only wanted to be quiet. The girl began to understand at last that the truest lindness was to let her have her own way, and she troubled horno more. But she drew her own conclusions from what she saw, we may be sure, although she had the discretion and kind feeooling to keelp them to herself. Bertha could not remember afterwards how she got through that miserable time. She rose at dawn the next day from a sleepless bed and wandered about the fiehlds and lanes like one demented. I-How could it matter what people said or thought of her when tihe denouemenot of the tragedy was so near; and they miust soon know her for what she was-a deserted wife-and the most miserable woman on God's beautiful earth. Those were the thoughts that surged through Bertha's troubled mind in those early hours, but they were succeeded later by a womanly desire to hide her own humiliation from the world till the last moment. On the breakfast-table as she entered was a large bouquet of roses of every colour, with a little note from Colonel Stanley reminding her she had promised him the pleasure of her company that afternoon, and expressing a polite hope that Mr. Langley would accompany her. Bertha's resolution was taken in a moment. "I will brave it out to the end," she said to herself; "and then they may talk as they will. I shall not be there to hear, at any rate." She forced herself to take food, knowing it was impossible she should carry out her programme unless she felt stronger than she did at that moment; and was surprised to find herself comforted and chleored by the effort, great as it was. Then she went upstairs to examine hler wardrobe. Two of the dresses belonging to her trousseau she had never yet worn, having lived so quietly, but she was going into the worldnow, and needed to be fine. She chose a pale blue dress at last, trimmed with cream-coloured lace, brightened up her Sunday bonnet by the addition of fresh flowers, and then decided that whatever lhappened sheshouldbe equal to the occasion, from this point of view at least. And very charming she looked' as she took a lait glance at herself in the mirror before starting. Her cheeks were flushed, her eyes shining with internal excitement, her lips a deep burning red, bospealing the fever that consumed her. She practised a smile, and was astonishled to find it came readily. Her gaiety had hitherto been so natural and unforced she had never until this moment understood the possibility of seeming happy when she was not; but it came to her like a sudden inspiration, and she went off, knowing now she should not compromise herself before all those strange people, who cared nothing for hler, and expected she should make herself agreeable if she went out at all. Colonel Stanley was waiting at the gate to receive his guests, and at the sight of Bertha he advanced eagerly and said with his most fascinating smile "This is very good of you, Mrs. Langley. Do you know I was almost afraod you would play ide false after all ' " "I told you the night before last, if you remember, that I never break my word." "Yes, but Mr. Langley keeps such a jealous guard over his treasure, I trembled for fear he should forbid you to grace my party with your presence." " My husband does notknow I have come," answered Bertha, from an inconvenient habit of candour that was hardly advisable under the ciroumstances, as she perceived in a moment from her companion's manner. "I see; when the cat's away the mice will play," he said, laughing. "For my part I would wish the cat would always keep away, if this is the result. Do you kriow, Mrs. Langley, I have invited you six times altogether since you came to live at Laurel Cottage, and this is the first time you have condescended to put in an appearance. I don't think it was quite fair towards us to make your honeymoon last so long." She laughed and coloured as she answered evasively "My husband did not care for society." "And you ?" "I didn't either then-" " But now you are beginning to see your mistake." "I didn't say so." "No; but actions speak louder thian words." "I don't think either are always roli able." "Then what is one to trust I" " Nothing," she answered almost fieroely. "And no one, Mrs. Langley ? " "You are too ourious. What does it matter to you whether I trust people or not ? " "It matters immensely, in case you should include me in this condemnation." "I don't know you sufficiently well to include you in anything," she answered, flushing high as she noticed suddenly that he was leading her up and down the lawn in full view of all the assembled company. "Will you be good enough to find me a seat, Colonel stanley? " "Are you tired, then ? " he asked. "I thought you were such a good walker." "But it is so warm to-day, and Ihave been walking all the morning," she replied, lowering her head confusedly under the fire of at least thirty pair of curious eyes. "Please put me beside some one I know, Colonel Stanley." "Whom do you know ? " he inquired. She named two or three, and was thank ful presently to find herself on a bench beside .the reotor's wife-a hind, motherly sort of person, who had been her one friend at Mersham. "You don't look at all well, my dear," Mrs. Wake said, after the first greetings were over. "what is the matter ?" "I have only a bad headache. I fancy there is thunder in the air," she stammered, longing above all things to confide in her companion, and yet withheld by a feeling of womanly dignity from being the first to proclaim her husband's faults. " Then, my dear, wouldn't you have done better to stay at home ' " " I don't know; it seemed lonely there," "I daresay; I always forget that you are so young, and must want a little pleasure sometimes like the rest. But will you let me give you just such advice as I should give my own daughter, if I had one, Mrs. Langley ?" Bertha looked np quickly, wondering what was coming. Mrs Wake lowered her voice to add " I suppose it will sound rather an un gracious thing to say when one goes to a man's parties, my dear-although, as the wife of the clergyman of the panrish, and an old woman, I am safe enough anywhere; but you are a more girl, and a good delal alone, and so I want to tell you to beware of Colonol Stanleoy, and not allow him to become too intimate. I know he admires you, and he is a dangerous acquaintance for any young wife placed as you are. You don't mind my speaking, Mrs. Langley, do you ? but I fancied just now that he was trying to make you conspicuous; and as I know your husband dislikes and suspects him, I thought it only kind to give you a word of warning." " Thankl you very much, Mrs. Wake, lnbut you needn't be afraid for me; I neither like nor trust Colonel Stanloey, and I don't mean him to become intimate in my house." "That's right, my dear; it is impossible to be too prudent," said Mrs. PWake, evi dently much relieved. " When anyone has suelh a good hlusbanud as yours, she ought to do hler best to keeoop him." Poor Bertlha smiled bitterly to herself, but not a word did shle say. However, sholopt close to Mrs. Wakeo's sido all the time sho stayed, and the gallant colonel, who had meant to makeo a conquest of his neighbour's wife, was fairly baulked. " How could you be so cruel ?" he said to her in a whisper, when she bade him good-by. " I haven't had a word with you all the afternoon." "Then it was quite your own fault." she replied. "If you had spoken I should have heard." " What was'the use in.speaking when you were glued to Mrs. Wakeo's side." " You couldn't have hlad anything to say you minded her hearing." " How do you know that ? I might have wanted to tell you how beautiful you looked." "In tlhat ease I am glad you did not have an opportunity, for there is nothing I hate like flattery." " The truth is no flattery, Mrs. Langley." B3ertha blushed painfully. " If I dispute tl?ho point I shall call down some more compliments on my devoted head," she said, and slipping through the gate which led into the road, she nodded and smiled to the disconcerted colonel, and vaniished into the gathering shadows like a ghost. Sarah met her at the door. " Master hlas boon asking for you, ma'm," she said. " I thinkhe is going on ajourney, as hle is packling up his things." Bertha know what this journey was, but she was curiously calm, nevertheless, as she answered.- "Yes, I lmow. Go and see if you can help him, Sarah." She said this to get rid of the girl, and procure a minute's breathling space. And while she stood there in her finery, looking all the lovelier that she was so heoart-broteen, Mervyn came down, carrying a travelling bag in one hand and a hat and rug in the otlher. He stopped in front of Berthla, looked at her from head to foot with fierce disdain; then went on without a word, opened tIhe door, and disappeared. Bertha felt that she must kInow what hle? dared not say, and followed him stealthily. h close carriage was waiting at the end of thIe lane. A woman's head was bent anxiously forward out of the window. Ber tha rocognised Florence, but still shle waited to see her husband got in; and it was not until hle had actually driven off that the last faint hope lingering in her heart utterly disappeared. Beut the blow was too deep to find vent in sobs and tears. All the soft ness and light went out of her young face suddenly; but she returned to the house with a slow calm step, and ordered some tea as quietly as if nothing unusual had happened. Whilst Sarah prepared it, Bertha began to collect a few things lying about the drawing-room that were entirely and ab solutely her own, and carried them up stairs. She filled a box with necessary clothing, packed the other ready to be sent after her later, then dressed for travelling in the quietest costume she possessed, and then sent for Sarah. "I am going away for a while," she said, with a little catch of the breath that sounded like a dry sob; "I lnow I can trust you to take care of the house until you hear from either Mr. Langley or myself." " Certainly ma'am; but I hope you won't be away long." " I don't know what my plans are as yet," answered Bertha, evasively; "but, at any rate, you will hear in a day or two. And now, Sarah, fetch me a fly as quickly as you can. I want to catch the half-past eleven train to Moroton." " And if master asks, ma'am- " "Your master won't be at home just yet, and I will leave my address on the mantol pieoce-or stay, you can toll him to write to my mother's, if he should ask." "Vory well, ma'am," Sarah said, too well trained to show any surprise, and she do parted at once to order a fly. Bertha left at eleven, tearless still, but with such despair at her heart that she wished heorself dead. For a sorrow like hers there was no relief but this-for even time was helpless. The only comfort she had was the thought of seeing her mother; but she had loved Mervyn best of all the world, and in losing him she had lost her only hope in life. At three o'clock in the early dawn of the summer's day, just as Bertha was nearing her destination, Sarah was roused suddenly out of the sweetness of her first sleep by hearing the front door-bell ring violently, and putting her drowsy head out of the window she hoard her master's voice saying cheerfully "For goodness sake let me in as quickly as you can, Sarah. I am tired to death, and don't disturb your mistress if you can help it." Sarah hurried on a few things and went down. She thought her master looked fatigued, but his eyes were bright and eager as he glanced round the room at the home c'omfort, which he valued far above-all the luxuries and dissipation of his bachelor days. But presently he seemed to miss something to which he was accustomed flowers perhaps or Bertha's pretty workl basklet, for he suddenly asked the question Sarah had been dreading. "Isn't your mistress at home, Sarah ? " "No, sir." IMervyn had simply asked hler this to roeassuro himself evidently, for he started at her reply, and all the blood receded from his face, leaving him deadly pale. " Where is she then 2" " She has gone to West Moreton." " Is Mrs. Saunders ill ? Did she receive a telegram ? " said Mervyn, breathlessly. "No, sir." " When did she start ? " " At eleven o'clock, sir." "You are sure she said Mrs. Saunders ? " " Quite, sir. She told me you were not likely to be home for the present; but should you ask for her address I was to say' she had gone to her mothIer's." Morvyn suddenly remembered that he was letting Sarah into his secrets, and observed with feigned cheerfulness " Of course she is; how stupid I am i It wasn't likely she would care to be hero alone, and I never dreamt I should be able to got back so soon when I started last night. Give me a glass of wine, Sarah, and get to bed again. I shall be going by the early train, but that need not keep you up, as I can spring the door behind me." However, Barah declared herself to be scuffliciently rested, and insisted upon re maining up, and making her master a cup of coffee before he started. It seemed a pity to hler simple mind there should be all these complications and difficulties between him and hler mistress, and she wished with all her heart she could bring back the happy days that had flown; but as she had no power to help either to a better under standing of the other, she contented herself with such service as a servant may offer. Mervyn travelled until the late afternoon tihe train steopping at every station-and through those long dreary hours he had a fooeeling of horror on hlim, lest poor Bertha had been led away by the mature fasci nations of their unscrupulous ueighblour, and hlad given her mother's address to throw him off the scent. Then remembering hlow young and inno cent'she hlad seemed only a few days back, he hlated hlimself for having doubted her, and tried to make atonement in thlouglht for the brief suspicion. It never occurred to him, for a moment, that Bertha knew hisi secret, and lhad left her hlome because she believed he had ceased to care for her any more. But it was with a feeling of infinite relief le heard from Mrs. Staunders' servant that his wife was there, and hlurrying past her, le wallod straight into the drawing room, where Bertha was lying on a couch, looking very pale and worn now that the reasction of her past excitement had come. She looked up at Mervyn's impetuous entry, and uttered a faint cry; but when he knelt beside hler and threw the poor little white face against hiis breast, she did not refies hlim, but only sobbed out one word: "Florence." "You foolish elsild," Mervyn answered promptly. "Florence is my brother's wife. They hlad a desper.to qsuarrel, she and Walter, and she left him in a huff, takinsg tie first leaesmer from Malta to London. Of coc,:se she expected him to follow by the next, but Walter was seriously offended at the stop she lhad taklen, and gave no sign. She became frighltened at last, and soughet my intervention, and as I really thought sho hlad hlad a lesson that would last l her for awhile, I consented to interfere. I wanted to be allowed to tell you everytlhing, but Florence declared it would humiliate hler too cruelly, and she would rather wait and make yoelr acquaintance under happier auspices; ancd as selo was really in trouble, I gave in, solnewlhat against mny conscienouce, promising I would say notehing to youe until thie matter was settled, and she had gone back to her lesbaued again. Yesterday afternoon he telegraphed for hler, and I came back to tell you all. I was to see hdr on board the Oleon, but when I found you had disobeyed me and gone to Colonel Stanley's-- ""Yes, I was so miserable, Mervyn; Ifelt as if I must do something desperate." " O, you foolish, foolish Bertha, to be jealous of any woman under the sun," he said, kissing her tear-stained face and heavy eyelids. "Couldn't you have trusted me a little more ?" "It was all a mistake, Mervyn; and I have suffered so cruelly, I have expiated my fault; but I saw you kiss her." "I daresay you did. Florence is my cousin, as well as my sister-in-law, and we were brought up together. I can't help liking her for the sake of auld lang syne, but I should not care for such a wife, or, indeed, for any wife but just the little woman I have; although," and his voice quivered, " she did make such a foolishl mistake." " Forgive me. Mervyn, I shall never doubt you again, dear; but all the same," her eyes flashing, " when I see Florence I shall tell her how very miserable she made me for nearly three days, and forbid her to have any secrets with you again." 