CECUMENICAL METHODIST CON FERENCE. In a repent published in a previous issue we gave a list of the forty-two topics discussed is the (E[?]menical Methodist Conference recently held in London. We cannot find space for even ? synopsis of tbe debates as a whole, bat will present the leading feature* of file rtiintmlw that took plsceonoteortiro topics of most gene ral infarert. This nepartmsy be prefseed by the remark that in genera! tbe speakers wen amaag tbe ablest men in tbe Conference, ??t **?* ability waa not the only requisite to gain for a representative a bearing. Tbe time for flash ?abject ww so limited, and tbe wouldbe speakers were so many, that only a smaM percentage of thote who wished to apeak wer? able to get the eye of the president and the ear of tbe Conference before tbe allotted period was exhausted and the next subject Introduced. The talking power of 400 rapreseirtativb Methodism is very great indeed, and to exhaust it when foHytwo themes were available, would be nan likely to take twelve yean than twelve days. As might bave been expected, the American deto gatesmanaged to secure at least a foil propor tion of tbe time derated to voluntary speakers. They seemed to be quite accustomed to watoh for toe chairman's eye, and to "know a thine or two" of which their British brethren wen inno cent, aims a Yankee orator was seen to ataaa during the whole time occupied by ? speaker.ia order that he might be first on bis feet wham i that speaker eat down. It may be ceadilr [ wdemtcod that many delegates of ability, bat, artforbmately far the occasion, modest at srett | as able, did not gets bearing at all, one even nude any attempt to apeak. Among the topics of interest to the general publte.asweliaa to Methodists, the one that perhaps more than any otter was anticipated with curiosity, was that Introduced ea the of tbe Methodise Xptacepal Own*, sndartfce title "Some Statistical Basalts of Hjfthj^frm- The speedt of Dr. Sdwards. retarded m as exposition of die atattsUes of Methodism, was cfeappamtang; although,oonslderJna; tbe pro veibialdrynesaof figures, tt was probably mon> entertaining to those who beard it than weal* bate been an essay confined etrietly within tfaa limits defined in the title, The Doctor cave a, kind of bird's eye Tie w of the origin and prin ciples of Methodism and of the Tarions depart* nests of its work; and although he introdusea ? Urge nmnber of etattstios his epteeb. was rather that of an ardent advocate than of em expert rtaWriwian. Eels oditar of the JTsrfa frciternCkrittiamAdiva&.mii&tiiaptomoaaaea.; character of his confidence in everything Wea leyan may be gathered from a oouple of hi statements that can aearcely be acquittal, of come spies of American ?xbjavaaaasa: "Wherever the ehnrchhas followed falthfoUy along a gleaming radios of power designate* and inaugurated by Wesley, Methodism has beam successful. Whenever and wherever a radias has been abandoned, Wesleyanism has been shorn of power. Conversely, whenever a new method or a new element in meOod hasbsea interpolated, the divmclyHMnstroeted system has been shocked by the foreign aad smmi corelated presence. In doctrine and polity w? bave oonstaat right said bouaden Any toast* JtittfeOg/mf Bpesking of Wedsyi rates? frem Georgia ana hisoonverston, Dr. Sdwards esid—"Ttaea began the work in easiest. Be went'osto his ovra,'bat his own received feist not; they thrust him out of their cnurehee. Wesley was tbos ordained for work among those wbodo?otco to the churches. laMoorfielas. among the Sksfiord potters, tbe Kfauswoef colliers, and the neglected of the United Kingdom he went like a biasing horaU and in the King's same. Think of a crowd of from SOfXtO to 30,000 in tfaa open air hearing him, who, like his Master. went op into a monulain to find a pulpit. Darius or Alexander or Xenopbon never pensaC such a journal. Beverently stall, we dedacsT that these pictures are almost as imnreauve ac Obrisfs open-air prosehing in Palestine, aiaso John Wesley was loyal to that heavenly eatt to feed the mumtade." From an elaborate table of statistics and remarks upon them we txtraot tte following logical History' in Bnriand, Jem lee* in tha United State*, audrTyerman1 s ? Modern M> mate? give iw&Uiffee;?&ara; and iUfi? mess bers ofour chmchat about Ifte date of WedejV death. It uqoitooanoo?whktcmnpaaeow Amerioia figures kept wltfa those la Sglea* proper. At the Conference befon Wests** death stegkad had IM |—' ~**t\ aadttft United Btatn Ue.-*tfandhedMJ?oosaasa- . beta, and the TJnited States OyOOO, Ska Amerwaa sheep wan more widely scat tered, and only an Asbuty could find ?hesav Eeferring to financial growth, lie neorded Oar marveDou fact that, wfaenss 100 years *?? Metbodkm began wttfaont one penny of endow ment, tiew it was tbe possessor of prapsrtycaw preseatmg s?ulions of noney which it was beyond the power of any Oorsnmant to as qoeabato, while it had a conttitueiMy ?* neadr SfiOOJOOO. Wethodista now numbered 4,Y^5i5C exelnsive of local teaoaers; they had 6?,?? far misisten, 85,1T2 itinerant ?i?i?b-?, &£& schools, S77JDOO teaobers, and 4,480.000 soholars. Tbeattendsntson piib&ewoeahipiaMettodis;* cbapri. tfaro?gbouttite wodd was estimated at SSfXOfLW. British Wcaleyans consisted oE 80.000 local preachers, 3,Stt tnvaUinc preaehen, 886528 members, *,4T5 Sanday achools, 138.243 teachers, and 97i,189 ceholazs. Other British Methoaishi had 28^46 local praasheo; ajOS travsUias; preaeherf. 466,011 members, 6,030 Banday ecfaoob. 56^76 toaohecs. and ?U?7 aehalata, Tbe United Btaves and OanadaSpissopal Me?? \--dutobad%6Boloealp?adiers,?W?traveUlax preaehen. 3.404,300 members, 40.701 Sunday sohools, 9S7fi9i teaobexsvasd %Sl7^B4aobolaau TbeUniled States and Canada Kon-cMsaaaal Metiiodists had 6JSZI local preaehen, S.4W traTeUmg preaaben, So?jo?6 membem. ajass SDndaj-tehoolsv 84JB80 teuton, and mjum sehobza. Tbe Methodist Ohureh South hsa about 95 ooUeges and semmaties under its easa. Tbe Board of Education of the Methoiist Bpiseopal Ohnreh reports 11 theslogieal semi nuifs. 44 colleges and tmirexsHias, aad UB etminsiies aad ladies' ooUeges. Tav number of students is SLOMJ. and tha total value w Mar fUjOOOjOOO." xha Fey. M. O. Osoon, aanetary Britisk WesleyanOcmfereMWsaM-^laeonn?et?imwikk tbe British Methodist Conference during tha Uat handred years the numbers have laereasal tetfold. In ?ie year 1780 tte* wen akoafc 37,000.in 1880 about S7^ooo*and theanmbas bave increased still further since tten. r Dfc. Buckley, of the Methodist styiseepal Ohurea* nmsrkedtliat "The Wealevaa Oo?oexioawaa snnch morertrirt in the alsssuneeHag test thaa. most ol theeburches reporting sushla?efigaiaa born tbe United States. If ttieaameprineiplaa which were applied by tha Wodeyaa Obureh ?r Cennexioa upon the alsss meotaag ware app?ssl to the American (tstistioVbutaaliort periolaC time would eOapse before many of (beat would shrink in a marreUoos manner. 1* TTisltsai Wood, a colored man, asid tsheoharobhe?speo sented—the Afrioan Methedist Kpiseaaal Ziob. Cfaurch—wai as offthoot from Tiiliii slusjl Church, in Hew York. Be believed that we* the first church that was organised in ??nilta In 1186 the colored members of that dumb, separated from it,and formed what wasttam. called the African Methodist Episcopal Chunk. Tbeir first church was called 2km, and from that tbe eosnerion bad been known as tha Zssa connexion. Owing ta the email number el colored peopla in the esstem portion of flaa United States in which it was otsaaised.imtav 18C4 they bad not more than 16.000 metnancs all told. About that time tibey eommaaeal working tbe south, and to-day they reported ia. the south over 100,000 members. They toft erected in the epboopsl district orar wbiob ha presided during the last fifteen years nearly COB churches, rhst had been done by a people jsok oome from slavery. Onfteeigh&dsyoltteOooforeneethe;?ew. X. 8. Witbington, United Methodist Ikea Obnreb, read a paper oa "TlftlUMiinrtii—l literature and its pubUosteon," in wkieh ha gas* a sketch of tbe earnestness of Wesley t? providing and oissemmating good literatna, and of the means taken by the He* tbodict Cbnrch to continue the imiisw tnnrrngthe improrement of religious IHma . tore he arid they ought to avoid aiming at ttss impossible, and that their publications aheatsl be cheap, of the best possible quality, aai attractive. From his most able addreai woassK only quote fiie opening passages:— f Tbeftasa is a power more pervadinf, more varied iatta uses, mote permanent than any oHier uHssja tional agency. It instnwtsaU classes, dietatoa to all classes, and is the sovereign of all testa. 11-"I 1-" ir nitlris. tn mrfliiloinntii. sn nil iimbiariina;. that it has to do with poetry and law. oMkf news and national history, the disouwwiss of science, the prodocUons of art. In every depsrtaaent of humsa endeavor its aid ia cougsi, its approval earnestly desired. Amass mail's inventions it ramains aaereme, aad.sk guides the oreatnre who prodoosd it. It aa dreaded by tyranny more than a fdagas* teoMise it opens to tbe ignorant and %ba enslaved regtocs cf light and fruadorn. Wee* it to cease to act man would eesae ?? advance; it is as necessary to human ?ea tress ss nil to Use root,** light to teaflsaau Tbe Press may be—and we know it awe been—n powerful for e*U asj far coot. Xaa Btretm whioh Is pan In one fidnot nay ke feculent and corrupt tn ano&cr; aneeon naw ruwpbrme as well t praise a feat she elnsat cc&tumes; pure at the apring, and the eosna Vkkcd tkogoe maw he t^^ht to tend forth ?rnpbielay*. S^epeeat Avatea i?eU, eleanaes ttself; U is Ha ewnse?oreoarr?otor aad impar tial Jmdte; Cbmu && n^j at ?eeka the SJhle, lad Bishop Wateon reveraasly defenda M. ?etbJag.?ot?ven the Urfngv?aoe, haa more contributed to ti> e advancaa>ent o! Ohrtstianity than the pr^a*. It haa brooght ell laugwagee ?mder tri^/ate to itaelf. and baa given divine tmtb, like a fresh element of life, to ell coun tries. In the aaioet of violent potitioal changes, the Wood of war, tbe decay of nations, the ptttn bas preserved the Bible—tbe casket of braveuly jewels; extended the light of revete ticn to remote sanda of rtarkwrns and aorrow, (Wing to thes? the prasnise ef spriag, the beauty t& aommer; making tne gtociooa gaapsl bread, high, aad ntejeatie as a mountain in tbe midst of the ruins of vice aad error. ?The grass witheretb, tbe flower fedeth; but tbe Word of the Lord endareth fjce'er.'" In the eubaeqntnt diacnaaian the Key. /. O. Antliff advocated the maintenance of the old prastice of Methodist preaahen ?e!Ho^ goid uaefal bosks. Dr. Newman ennmeratfd a cumber of American authors whi had oontci bated to the religioua li erature of the day, and for whom he claimed a place on a level wild the cert Sngiiah writei?. Dr. Mcf?ertia,ot Aituriea, ??epeoated tbe pablioatioo under chare 1 ?t.tio tion of third or toarth rate works, a*d created aniuKmect by sajiog " a great many p^uple ia bu country tboogfct they ooald cdi; a g*pet nktD they could do nothicg elee, and wfeea a rcau eonld not travel dranit any J?jg=* he thought he mm tgo and edit a pap :r." Several rptakc rsezpmaedthenuelveatntavarof thepab iwaUcn of reUgiooa light literature; bat the ex president of the British Conference (Bey. E K. J(ckiss) made a vigorous protest againtt ie, aajing he utterly condemned religion 1 novels sad the bringing tbe Holy Ghost and making trim one of 'be dramatis pereoc.v of a covol. Theb?v.C.K. Marshall,M?.Oborab,3oatb, in ao essay on "The newspaper, and the <ue<o te tudeof it by the church," said that in tbe progress of modem time* the press bal kept pace with tbe marrellooa advance In all depart ments of eivttlsatton, and tbat theeharoh had been qn'ek to recognite tbe value of the preaa ?sd toavaU teelf ef it* aid. He cteimod for Join Wesley tbe ereiit of having been "the flrst nan to write for toe miQioa end to publish so ehtaply as to make hia works aaeassible." The chief argument of tbe essay, ho verer, waa in favor of endowirg religious papas. Orphan agea acd hospitals, he said, were endowed; why not endow a church newspaper? He stated that in Awmrim. the nanlar newspaper had to mm extent assumed the office of religions ad vocate and teacher to meet the growing demand tcr cheap religious literature, The Chicago Times received the revised version of the Mew Testament by telegraph from New Tork, nearly a thousand miles distant, putting it in type almost without a fault, and showering the "lightening edition," like the countless snow- flakes of a water's day, all over the American continent before the church papers had read the Sermon on the Mount. The J*v. H. TV. HeL'acd, who b*a for many 3??t? been known as a eaaeapondabi for the Timt*, adveoated the freedom of the press, ex claiming, " Let a free press take Ut comae in tbe free iculiectoal life of nations, for every near development and combination of human nature ti.lv tends to make mote clear bow thorssjhly Ctxiatianity ia prepared for every poisibiliiy of locts existence.'' The Her. O. Oibaoa thought tfce teeDlar tfreo sboald he availed of aad owned as far aa possible by Ghriatiaa men. Thna the tone Of tte press in ngard to c"iir;ii natters might be modified and cootj!!?!. lEt. Ehaw referred to the feeliAg of ha-t?H*y ferrccrly cxie'.ing amongst religious people a*aimt cetrapapera, a?d stated tbat on ccc occasion, when the Key. D. Matfiooll was leaving Louden by ooftch, before ha left he nought a newspaper. A brother wro accompanied him to the coach was vary si&afa; axtouiebed that a Wodeyan minister ahoold buy a newspaper, aad he atked him tba rtaaon. for makk)g such a qnaatiogable panit%-e, wUn Mr. MoNltoll, with a great deal of sagacity end reverence, replied that be waatdd to tee what God was doing with the world. She Rev. A. O. Gaoncw otojested to tbe pro posal to endow r?Ug*ous newapapan.a?dargaod tbat if they wera eendnated with abUitj and CBtczprie? then wosld ha no Mod of endow iccnta. The leniaindar ot the - literatore Bay cl the Cosferenee" wMspesi iasdltewion i?aogarated by Dr. Oaborn, of "Methodhrt Hjmnology." 