LOCAL INTELLIGENCE- YOUNG POLICE COURT. Wednesday. (Before Messrs. H. A. Smith and F. A Brook J's.P.) Thomas Oulds pleaded guilty to drunkenness and disorderly ounduct, and was fined 10s or 24 houra. The eame pleaded guilty to making use of profane language, and was fined 20s or 48 hours. The same pleaded guilty to aosulting con' stable Anderson, and was fined 20s or seven days. Patrick Connelly pleaded guilty to drunkenness and disorderly conduct, and was liued 10s or 24 hours. The same was then charged with makina use of profane language, and pleaded guilty. Fined 20s or 48 h'surs. The same was then charged with assaulting the police and pleaded guilty. Fined £3 or one month. Thursday. (Before the Police'Magistrate.) Charles H. Aldridge pleaded guilty to drunkenness, and was fined 20s. or 7 days. Friday, (Before the Police Magistrate.) Michael Foley, for drunkenness, was fined 10s or three days. John Connor, for drunkenness and disorderly conduct, was fined 10s or three days. The same for profane language was ffned 20s or 4 days. OPEEA.—We have again to remind our reader, that the Royal English Opera Company appears at the Mechanics' Institute on Monday night, in the comic opera, The Grand DucliesB of Gerolsiein AUCTION SALES.—This day, by Mr. F. A. Brock, at the Pastoral Exchange, Mr. Bon-ley's and Mr, Schweilel's household fuiniture, and on Wednesday at Bonnington, Mr. A. B. Johnston's household furniture, sheep, cattle, horses, pigs, poultry, &-. HAKES.—Tliete animals aie increasing in numbers, and extending their borders in tbia district. Yesterday a fine full grown one was shot at Mr. A. B. Johnstone's, Bonnington, and we hear that (hey have lately made their appearance about Calabash. SELECTIONS,—The following selections were taken up ut the land office on Thursday la-t:— Edward Horn, 40a, Wamb inumba. Matthew J, Gibb, 154a 3r, Berthong. James Gibb, 281a Ir, Berthong. James Douglas, 610a, Milong, Wm, Baker, 320a, Conlegong. Steel Caldwell, 40a, Thuddungra. Christina Rutherford, 300a, Milong. Charles Macdonald, 13 a, Minitnegong, II. O. Oronker, 120a. Burramuuda, John Finnegau, 120a, Burraniunda, Joo, F. Jenkin', J00a, Milong. THE MOETTPJJAUFIHAE MUBDEB.—The adjourned hearing of the case against Eliza and John Bradford for the alleged murder of Daniel Bradford was resumed on Tuesday before Mr. 8, Bebinson, the police magistrate at Murrumburrah. The enquiry lasted all that dny and part of Wednesday, and resulted in the committul of both accused to tike tlieir trial at tbc Yass October Circuit Court, bail being refused. The only evidence brought forward additional to that giren ut the inquest, and which was reported at length in these columns, was to the effect that the stones with which the bodr was weighted appeared co have been taken fiom a heap of quartz stones lying Lctween the residence of deceased and the dam where the body was found ; that a bag marked " Adeliide" in red lotters, corresponding with the one drawn over the bead and shoulders of the bjdy and stained with blood, was found at deceased's house, and that a button which was found at the dam corresponded with tbe buttons on a pair of trousers also found at the house. BCEEAKOONO P. AND A. ASSOCIATION.—A Committee meeting was held ot Mr. David Hughes's Royal Hotel, on Thursday the 21st ApriL Pi esent .- —Dr. J. T. Heeley (in the chair), Messrs. Job Fowler, George Summerbayes, E. J. Allen, O, W. Russell, and F. A. Brock, secretary. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. Mr, Allen proposed, and Mr. Russell seconded, that the next annual exhibition take place on Wednesday, tbe 24th August. Carried. Mr. RuBsell proposed, and Mr. Fowler seconded, that Messrs. G, O'M. Clarke, C. Marina, E. J. Allen, K. Taylor, and J. Maokenzie be appointed a sub-oommlttee to draw up tbe pregratnmc, to be submitted to the general committee on Thursday ibe 5th May. Carried. The following is a copy of a letter addressed from the Colonial Secretary's office lo the Secretary of the P. and A, Association with reference to the Government subsidy:—" Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydne r, 20th Apl'H) 1881." "Sir,—I am directed by Hie Colonial Secretary lo inform you that the sum of £6000 has been voted by tl-e Legislative Assembly in aid of Ibe agricultural societies of I lie colony for tbe present year, to be distributed in prop irtion to amounts raised by prirate annual subscriptions from the members of such societies. Should your society be desirous of obtaining aid from the public funds under tbe conditions of the rote, I am desired to request that application may be at once made, accompanied by a list duly certified by yourself and the Treasurer, giving the names of the members and the amount received from, each as his annual subscription to the funds of the society for 1881, Under tbe terms of the vote the list must be 6trioly confined to money raised by private annual subscriptions from the members of the society." I have the honor to be, Sir, your most obedient servant, CBITCHETT WALKED, Principal Under Secretsry. F. Aungi-r Brock Esq., Honorary Secretary to the Burrangong l'astoral and Agricultural Association, Young. PEOFESBOE RICE, as was announced on Wodnes. day, g«ve an exhibition of his remarkable powers in mind reading to an assemblage of ladies and gentlemen, numbering about forty, at the Albion Hotel. To those who have not seen Mr. Rice in this bis great speciality we may expla : n that the modus operandi is this; some person from amongst tbe company the is asked to fix bis mind upon some object in tbe room, without communicating hie choice to pupae | tbv frvftwt tiw bit tyty lijetl in his, anil placing it to his forehead, covering at the same lime his own eves with his left hnnd, lea la him anil places his liau l upon tile object chosen. Several of tiie visitors tested the professor's powers, and the trijl was in all but one instance successful, and in that the object was a ctrd on which some person was fitting. In one case tbe object was a key undor a person's foot, bit cveu tiis was after a short time discovered. From the number of persons, male and female, who made tlio teet all suspicion was set at rest as to any confederacy, and the general verdict was that tbe faculty displayed by tbe Prolessor was beyond the wondc ful. On the next e<enitig, by request, Mr. Bice gave a full entertainment in the Mechanics' Institute. The prolamine included mind reading, some sli*ight of hand and natural maiiic.nndRii expose of rpi>it.ualism,tbelatterii>cludintf, mnong.4 other illustrations, tlio cabinet rope tying trick an I tile innlerialii-tic exhibition. In tbc luttcr the profo-cor was tic 1 in Hie cabinet with a rjpe pa^cil round his ncck, the two en is of which were brought through the walls of the cabinet and tied by u LMinriiiiU'eln:iii, Mr. Brock. The cadinetdoors weie t hen eloped, tmd the lights lowered, and in the course of a few tiiinut.es a fate shrouded in a whito hood waa senn at the cabinet window, and an arm clothcd in white was proje. ted. Some questions were ihcn put to the " spirit," which cliciicri facetious answers, after which the duors were thrown open, disclosing what uppcircd f-o be the prole sor, seated in a chair, anil also the "spiiii," the latter clothed in the orlhod >x hiibiluiiii'iits usually alljlted to ghosts. The " fpirit" then came out of the cabinet, not with the gliding motion which tradition has prescribed as proper to ethi-rcal being', but with a few strides which, c iupled with the dashing of some belle and other articl s on to the stage, and added to the factious answers before alluded to, threw around tbe exhibition on appearsncc of burlesque, and deprived it of i bat weiid and supernatural effect which it might otherwise have had. Noiwithstanding this, however, there were screams of females in tbe ball, and the Thing, as Bulwer would call it, probably not ycl rcDned from ail consideration for tieings of cl;iy, withdrew to its cabinet, /is we f-ave beiore said the exhibition was made into a burlesque, but enough was shown to prove bow easily, with a design to an opposite effect, the credulous might be induced to a belief in that gi- eatest of all swindles prevailing in these days of enligblennent,spiritualism. The audience left at about eleven o'clock, after spending a very en joyable evening. THE BELLBIKUKBS.—The Lynch family of bellringers Made their appearance to a f«ir house at tbe Mechanics' Institute last night, notwithstanding the surfeit of amusements produced in town lately. Being our publishing night we could not do more than " drop in" for a few minutes, but we witnessed sufficient of the performance to enable us to assure our readers that it is highly deterring of their putronag--. and lucks nothing of tlio excellence of those previously placed before a Young public by the lle.sr6. Lynch. As a proof of the favourable reception wllich the company have earned in other Jiliccs wo give the following extract from the Temora Star of Wednesday :— " Long before tbc time of op.ni' g the doors a larg crowd had collected outside, and immediately tbe g ite was thrown open, the tickcL-box was mailed, und lor a considerable time tbe sceno was one of indescribable confusion. Ultimately the theatre was packed as it has never been picked before, and the 6ale of tickets was stopped at a quarter to 8, numbers being unable tJ gain admittance. The performance was a most euocesBful one, and tbe audience separated greatly pleased with the entertainment, The Bellringers astonished everyone by the extraordinary mnnner they manipulated the bells, and the select music they producod. Mr. Lyndhurst caused immense amusement with his wonderful Ventriloquist abilities; Mr. and Mrs. Snow, and George and Joey being irresittibly ludicrous, Mr, Alfred Santley has a fine baritone voice, whio i be wields wiili good effect; and the brothers Lynch were highly diverting in their comic duets, tri^s, and quartettes, Messrs. Statham and Warde contributed largely to the success of tbe evening by their excellent duets on the pianc. Tbe ente tiimnent concluded with the laughable farce of Johnson in want of a coachman," which sent everyone home in g ,od humour. Last night there was another crowded bouse, and an entire change of programme was given," The compauy perform ugain for the last time at tlie Mechanics' Institute to-night. GET HJDOF ONE COLD before youcontractanother on top of it, or you may securely establish the seeds of a serions Lung Complaint, before you are oonecious of danger. Better prudently resort to Dr. Jaync's Expecto- ant, an iffective cure of Coughs and Colds, and helpful also for its healing influence on the Lungs and Bronchia.—To be had of all Chemists and \1ESSEBS ELLIOIBUOS, sole agents for N.S.W- THADE ifABK, WALTHAJI, MABB,—Tbe AMBBICAN WATCH COMPANY, of Waltham, Massachusetts, U.S.A., hereby give » tice that their Tiade Mark; "Waltham, Mass.,' is now registered in tbe Australian Colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, and New Zealand. Proceedings will be taken against any person copying nr imitating same, or any vendors se])ing or offering for sale wutches bearing colourable imitations or in any Tfay infringing our rights,— American Watch Company, Waltham, Mass, AMEEICAN WALTHAM WATCHES were Awarded tbe Only Two First Prizes at the Melbourne Intei - national Exhibition, 1880-1, being Higher Awards tban any other Exhibitors of watcbes received. 