BRITISH AND FOREIGN GENCE. INTELLI- -o- (From the Dailies.) London, April 12. In view of possible contingencies, the question of the future leadership of the Conservative party is exciting much public attention. Lord Cairns, the late Lord Chancellor, and the Marquis of » Foreign Secretary, are i rival claimants to the posire^isea ^ ^ c W £ q£ jj^j tJ er t, e accepted by the party as bfien da^age d J by the secret ^ ^ entered into with M P ^ u Jon, the late Prime Minister of ; Tnnis A Conference of tlie Land Leagues has been held in Dublin. .Mr. Parnell was unable to give any definite expression of opinion as to the coursc to be followed in reference to the measure, but he maintained that the provisions relating to free sale were a mockery, and other of the proposals contained in the Bill altogether illusory as a remedy for the wrongs of Ireland. T„ , , The trial of Mrs. Susan Wills Hetcher for being concerned, with her husband, John W. Fletcher, in unlawfully obtaimn g a quantity of jewellery and other property from Mrs. Juliet Ann Theodore Heurtley Hart Davies, . by representing herself as a spiritualist I iillutl"* medium, » and thus | , obtaining - - an ascendency over the complainant, haB I ended j n tiie conviction of the defendant, who has been sentenced to a years in* prisonment. The Pall Mall Gazette expresses tlie opinion that the extent to which the administration of the Colonial Department objected to party control injures the I popularity of it. rate m Anstraln. The confer«»ncc oE leading members of the Land League, held in Dnblin to take into conMderation the attitnde< to he lUMtiincii by the lloine -ItnlcrR lowanlH the Irish Land Bill submitted by the Government, was attended by Mr. Parnell, who pointed out what lie considered to l» •. the dcfects o£ the. measure, bit: ndvpeated no special course in reference , to it. Mr. Dillon and numerous ptiicr delegates expressed thcniscJvcfi 08 being absolntely. hostile tothe Bill, on tlie ..ground that it did not yield what Ireland had JI right to expect. It- was ultimately agreed to hold a Convention shortly to determine -definitely what plan of action should be adopted both iu and out of Parliament in rcfcrcncc to the liill. At the' Police "Crturt, Adelaide, OR Tnes day morning,/'-after the cases had been difjwfecd'of, a man gaily decorated with flowers rofce ftbtn the seat upon which he h»i«l lieeb 'sitting, : nnd intimated to the Bsnch tliat lie was desirous of making a statement Mr. Bcddome gave the necessary perinission, 1 and stepping into t.-.e witness-box, tlie man nt ohce, in a low monotone began :—"Gentlemen of ihi« Court—I have taken this extraordhrtiry step of introducing myself to ymif Attention for the purpose of delivering myself from the bdjids which encompass me, and also to direct particular attention to the serious fact that a vast amount of actual responsibility now rests upon eresy person in authority, and every Christian in society in these colonies regarding the interesting and glorious work that for so many years has been hanging over these colonies, and which I am now anxious to bring before you. These pamphlets which hold in my hands have declared unto ihe werld for the past six or . seven years the very important fact ihat' I mil flic Son of God, the Christ of God, created so by the divine power of God tlie Holy Ghost,- for the purpose oF accomplishing His divine purposes relating to the "personal rciTi on earth of tlie Lord Jesus Christ These pamphlets explain how.*' Mr Bcddome—" Is there any more of that?" Tlie Speaker—" Yes ; I will go on." Mr. Beddotuc—" But I am afraidi T it.is of that description we cannot hear it—(Laughter) —because it do s not come within the functions of this Court." (Uenewed laughter:) The Speaker—" But is a very important matter and I am" He made two or throe more attempts to continue, but Mr. Beddome was immovable, and the man had to step down. It is supposed that his mind is affected by religious mania. The- Sydney Post-Office lias arranged for mails between Wilcannia and Mount Poole, to be conveyed by coach, to commence on and after the 23rd inst. The coach will leave Wilcancia on Saturday at 9 a.m., aud arrive at Mount. Poole on Tuesday at 9 a.m.; leave on Tuesday at 4 p.m., and arrive at Wilcannia on Friday at ti p.m. Messrs. E. Cooke and W. It. Mortlock waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Monday, April 11, to urge on behalf of tlie Port Augusta Corporatiou that a better and more direct route to the Albert Gold Diggings than is at present known should be surveyed. Mr. Cooke said Mr. Mortlock and himself could arrange a powerful deputation.to wait upon the Commissioner, but they thought they would interview him in the firet instance. The Commissioner, in reply, said a deputation would do no good at the present time, as a route had been surveyed, and every water supply was .knowq. In the event, however, of the diggings turning out well, he would pledge himself to. place a sum on the Estimates with a view of obtaining water on the nearest practicable route. He said, in such an event, advantage would be taken of the railway, and the route would' probably start from Beltana, if not further north. The same gentleman called the Commissioner's attention tothe matter of the cleaning out of the dam at Coonattq; Mr, Cooke referred to the correspondence that had taken place daring the lost three months on the subject. He said the Government had always conveyed the impression that they would do the work if it could be done at a moderate rate. They now, however, for the first time hail informed him that there were no funds in hand, and that it was a work which ought to bo done by the people. This should have been stated from the first, and then the people would not have occupied the unfair position which they were.now placed in. Mr. Playford admitted that the Government were to bUune, and said ho had sent for a report on the subject, and he would endeavor to do soinetliing to meet the wishes of the residents of Coonatto. Mr. Cooke also informed the Commissioner that he and Mr. Mortlock had been requested by a meeting held at Willowie East toask him to restore the well and whim in that neighborhood. They had done BO, but up to the prcsont time had received no reply. He asked that the whole subject of water supply for the district might be reported upon. The Commissioner said he had asbod for report upon the whim, and if & further letter were sent in to him asking that the whole question of the water supply should be reported upon he would see that it- was doue. He would promise that he would see if anything could he done to improve the supply- Mr. Mortlock went fully into the matter of cIoMng the stock road from Pinkertou's woolshcd through Pichl Richi Gap, and gave some additional: particulars to those which were contained m the memorial which had been forwarded to the Government. Mr. Playford said if the report based upon the memorial were favorable he would, iu all probability, recommend as a compromise that tliere should be a three-chain road instead of a one-chain road, so as still to give aroute for sheep to travel io that direction. We have to acknowledge receipt of the "Autobiography of Cockney Tori*,- a pamphlet of OG pages, fairly printed, and accompanied by a likeness of the author, Mr. T. Bastard—so well and favorably known as the proprietor of theCity Baths, Adelaide. Mr. Bastard tells us' m the preface to the work that his aim in ^publishing it is twofold—" tt> leave to h large circle of cherished Mends, acquaintances, and relatives, the exact memorials _oE a life marked by more than ordinary vicissitudes, and to illustrate how possible is the gi owth of evil habit upon * genial, sociable disposition, and how ^nnlly possible an absolute reformation Mr. Bastard dedicates his work to Mr. fcUtthew Burnett, the devoted and enthusiastic temperance apostle, through whose agency, he has been led to disentangle himself from the web of drinking customs of the society and has joined Mr. Butnetts army of converts. The book is written in a taking, homely style, arid will be largely read We should like to see its reproduction in better style and with corrections, The members of the Port Augusta Rifle Company will meet .at the Butte to-morrow at 2 p.m. to fire, a match. Three prizes. - A representative- team, .of the Star ot Unity Cricket Club proceeded «arly.thw morning to Wilmington, where they will meet an eleven of that njace. ,.We anticipate that tlie contest will be a ctose one. There seems no likelihood outbreaking qp of the dry weather for «om* turns at least. On Wednesday a few drpps o£ rain fell, aud the atmospheric disturbance^ indicated a heavy fuU, but we were ftgfta disappointed, f» tlvo xain.ppf^ ov«r. We uuden^d thtf. nesday foja^ shWJW f«H inland. •^W'^oHowing^ra-^niuiiiwy uf trjiffic out South AuBttalisip rBilwnys ^orjt^c week ending March iSp^—JPprt lin-i—Passengers, £662 13s. id.; ^ooip, £3S5 15s. North )ine<—passengers, 17s.; gowls, £2,0i2 . r »8. Ilamley BridfreV W«k«- iield, \Valluno, «[K1. 8aowto\rn line— Passengers, £2iO J*2s, ll.l.; jcoovls, ,£365 lis. 10d. Port 1'irie, J:nn^st6wu,' Jind Ij[pe~-l>aB Gi ' Port Augusta and Gbvernment Gutns line—Pas&iigvr;£, £76 7s. 4d. - 3 goods; 8s.; ;iid. 