The Training of the Week, Etc. FLEMINGTON. The rapid approach of summer denotes the fact that in as short a period as a month's time we shall once more be witnessing the race for the " Coop" of the year, and over which so many a sanguine hope must in- evitably be extinguished, as only one horse of the manv backed thronsrhont the Tear can be returned the winner. Near, however, as we are to the eventful day, the arrivals from the sister colonies are confined to the New Zealanders, Sir Modred, Somnus, Idalium, and Hilarious, who have been here some time ; and the Queenslanders, Lord Olifden, Warhawk, Advent, and Sir Oliver, who put in an appearance from Sydney on Saturday last. It is a strange, but nevertheless well known fact to those who have paid any at tention to the circumstance, that until the arrival of the Sydney contingent, fast work is seldom indulged in as a rule at Flemington, with the result that those horses which have recently per formed at Randwick are necessarily a great deal more forward. This being observed, on their arrival h=re strong work is at once the order of the day with the Flemington trainers, and thus what had pre viously been dreary work, visiting the training tracks of Flemington, suddenly becomes a little more interesting, bnt as yet we have not arrived at such a pleasing change. Visiting the training ground at an early hour on Monday morning, it is satisfactory to be able to report that the various tracks are in excellent order, undoubtedly better than they have been for years, if, indeed, they were ever better. The state of perfection to which they have been brought is simply due to the exertions of the ranger, Mr. Jonathan Brown, who is very properly actuated by the desire to give every satisfac tion to trainers who have occasion to use the training ground. Morrison, following his usual custom, was the first to commence operations by The Czar and another of his string going once round at a Blow pace, followed by Alarm BeU, The Czar looking somewhat improved. Trumpeter, Lowlander, and Wellington (who, although a little light, looks none the worse for his Sydney trip) cantered on the tan, Trumpeter getting over the. ground in his own peculiar style. Bella drum and Mercury were sent long slow work on the tan, the latter evidently being on unfriendly terms with his rider. Riverton, who looks and goes with great heart, can tered ; and although Chatterer did nothing worth speaking about, he is not such & " dead . un " as he was some time ago said to be. Attache did a fair mile and a half, but Nautilus, who is looking much better than he did, was hardly out of a walk. Respite and SpoHsman did a fair extended gallop on the outside track, and the former bids fair to ripen into a good medium horse. Canary did fair work, and P.G., breaking away from his rider, ran a mile in fair time, a performance which was emulated by Soothsayer- Sypb? rattled along in fine style on the Band track, evi. dently with a vie w to the gentlemen's raoe at the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting to-day. Few of the journey he was accompanied by Eros ; and Bushman, also in Mahon's stable, did a fair once round. Warhawk, who has wasted a little since he ran in Sydney, tried very hard to part company with his rider before he Started on the tan, but then did a fair twice round, Lord Clifton shaping well- on the outside traok, and the two' Queensland -young sters, Sir Oliver and Advent, going together. Of the other visitors, Hilarious .merely Cantered, and Sir Modred and Somnus, after cantering for about a mile, went twice round at a fair pace, accompanied part of the way by Idalinm, bat the other two dropping off. Sir Modred, who goes in r taking style, came home alone. Grey Peter, Skylark (in Glasscock's stable), and Postmaster did some schooling exer cise over the steeplechase fences, the trio shaping well. After doing a long canter in clothing on the tan gallop, Warlock, who looks very well, picked up Corine, and they ran a mile at a steady pace, the little horse blowing a good deal when they pulled up. The much-improvedsteeple- cbase mare Gazelle, First Love, and Hiero glyph did useful work, and the steeplechase mare looks like coming on. Billilla, who has thickened, was only sent slow work, and Darebin, whose condition for the time is all that could be desired, led Terrible Billy for upwards of a mile, the big horse being very anxious to get away. Besides the above, any number of horses were worked, some of which are in the stables of those above named, but, after all, it was a rather poor morning's work. Tuesday morning was a very cold and windy one, and, though a number of horses showed out on the ground, very little of any importance occurred. Lord Clifden did a strong two-mile gallop, and the New Zealanders were sent along at a striding pace. The Ghost also did a wonderfully fast mile, but he is a very uncertain animal in public, so that little importance can be attached to it. Tuesday. This morning was a very cold and windy one, and, though a number of horses showed out on the ground, very little of any impor tance occurred. Lord Clifden did a strong two-mile gallop, and the New Zealanders were sent along at a striding pace. The Queensland two-year olds —Advent and Sir Oliver — ran a fair half mile, but there was nothing in it. Respite, which was formerly in Mr. Wilson's stable, and the grey mare Josephine, ran a mile in about lmin. 54sec., and the son of Yattendon seemed to have somewhat the best of it. Darebin was sent a mile and a half at a moderate pace, with his inseparable companion, Terrible Billy, and had the rider of the former chosen he could have made the pace a deal faster. The Ghost ran a mile in lmin. 47sec., but his bolt was then shot, and he did not by any means shape like a stayer. There was a large number of horses on the ground, but the above are the most interesting items. Thursday. Just at daybreak Morrison sent Low- lander, The Czar, and Don Quixote a fast mile and a half, of which the Czar had somewhat the best. Allander and Firebell did once round the sand track, in the course of which they completed five furlongs in lmin. 6sec. My Lord and Chatterer can tered a couple of times round, but when the latter increased the speed for another time round, the young one was beaten off. After cantering, Somnus and Idalium put on the pace for three quarters of a mile, but though the latter stuck well to his companion, he had no chance with him at the finish. Sir Modred, who moved with great freedom, was sent three times round the tan at a moderate pace. Adventurer rattled round the" sand track three times with the hurdleracer, Young Alfred, which would appear as if the latter was meant for the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting to-day. Harp of Erin, P.G., and two other stable companions, were treated to Eteaay work. Respite, with clothing on, was sent with Lord Clifden for upwards of two miles at a steady pace. Bosworth, with neck- Ewcatcrs on, exercised on the tan. Glass cock's lot did useful work. Josephine, Coriolanus, Sportsman, and the two -year-old, Golden Butterfly, started at the boxes under the hill, when the latter led for abont three furlongs, when he was pulled off, and ' Josephine showed the way, just in front of the other two. Sportsman dropped off when they had nearly gone once round, but despite a liberal and unnecessary application of the whip on Coriolanus by Walker, Josephine had the best of him at the end of another round. Whisperer and The Wizard (looking well) cantered, and Warlock did his usual twice round the tan, the last at a moderate pace. Billilla, going in fine style on the sand trask, did a mile in lmin. 5Ssec. Darebin (pulling two double) and Terrible Billy went oyer the same course in 2min. 8sec., but the big horse was never fairly extended. These are the most interesting features of the morning's work. 