THE CASE OF THE REV. CHARLES STRONG. The adjourned meeting of the Melbourne Pres- bytery was held yesterday morning, to give fur- ther consideration to the report ot the committee of inquiry appointed to examine the article on the atonement contributed by the Rev. C. Strong to the last October number of the Vic- torian Review ; the moderator (Rev. S. Robin- son in the chair. The Rev. M Macdonald read the following motion, of which he gave notice at the last meeting The presbytery approve generally of the report, and discharge the committee, and find that while the article does not contradict in categorical propositions and express terms the doctrine of the atonement contained in the confession, it is nevertheless fitted by the method of treatment followed, and by the negative character of its teaching, to depreciate that doctrine, and in particular to obscure the essential relation in which the death of Christ as an expiatory sacrifice and propitiation stands to reconciliation. But inasmuch as there is room for doubt in some in- stances whether the writer intended to convey the meaning which the language and the drift of the thought suggest, the presbytery resolve, at this stage, to afford the Rev. Charles Strong an opportunity of explaining his meaning in reference to the points noted. Mr. Stewart asked if the minutes of the com- mittee would be laid before the presbytery. The Moderator said if it were necessary to procure the minutes they would be forthcom- ing. The Rev. Mr. Macdonald said the motion he had proposed was not as convener of the committee but as a member of the court. His duty as convenor was discharged when the report was laid on the table. The presbytery had had a week to consider the report, and he presumed they were now prepared to come to a definite finding. A general approval was all that, was necessary and all that could consistently be asked for in the face of the fact that dissents from some of its findings have been recorded by mem- bors of the committee from which it emanated. He felt confident the presbytery would give its approval of the report, but first he wished to no- tice the radical objection urged by the Rev. Joseph Hay in his dissent. His objection to the report "as ultra vires of the committee" proceeded upon a misconception as to the work assigned to the committee. The committee was not appointed to ascertain whether there was matter for libel in the article. It had not considered this ques- tion. The question was never raised in the presbytery, and therefore could not be delegated to the committee. They were only appointed to examine the article not to examine and decide whether there was matter for libel in it—but to ascertain what was in it with regard to the ques- tion of sound ness. One consideration which in- fluenced the committee in the expression of opinion was that the article had been written by a brother minister, who had taken the same vows of fidelity to the standards as ourselves. The result was a degree of hesitation to put upon the language employed the construction to winch the natural or commonly received meaning of the words and the drift of the thought led them, and a disposition to feel that there might possibly be another meaning con- sistent with the writer's position as a minister of the church which he himself could make plain, though it did not appear on the sur- face. The teaching of Scripture set forth as a basis of union among ourselves as a church, and as a declaration of our faith, and formulated in our standards— the Confession of Faith, and longer and shorter Catechisms, was taken by the com- mittee as an expression of the sense in which they understood Scripture. These docu- ments were the standards to which, by their constitution, they must bring all teach- ing to be tried in the first instance. Doctrine in agreement with these standards was sound doctrine ; doelriuc not in agreement with the standards was unsound. Unsoundness thus was a question of degree. There may be various degrees of unsoundness which it was com- petent for a church to take cognisance of and deal with as circumstances may require, it was evi- dent that the duly of the committee, was not ex- hausted when it found that nowhere in the article did the writer give a systematised statement of his own views, or contradict the doctrines of the church in categorical statements and express terms. The former of these statements was not equivalent to a declaration that the writer does not expressly indicate or betray his own views in the article ; it merely asserts that he does not state them ex- plicitly ; the latter was not a declaration that there was no unsoundness in the article. It does not say that the teaching of the article was not out of armony with the recognised standards ; it did not say it was contrary to it ; it did not even say that it was not contradictory of it ; it simply said that it did not contradict it flatly and explicitly, and surely that was not to say that the article was sound. It was very seldom indeed that the promulgators of doc- trinal errors stated their views in categorical propositions and express terms. With respect to the other objection recorded by Mr. Hay, that some of the findings were carried only by small majorities, the matter for the presbytery to look at is the broad fact that the report was adopted by the committee with only such dissents as were recorded. To save time, he would not deal with the findings of the com- mittee seriatim, but content himself with doing so as they might come before him in sup- porting the second part of his motion. The mo- tion asked the presbytery to find that the article was "fitted", to produce the results indicated. The question of "intention" was not raised at this stage. All the finding committed the presbytery to was a declaration that the article was in itself, taken as it stood, fitted to produce this result— that the natural effect of its teaching was to depreciate and obscure the doctrine in question. The subject of the article was the atonement. That word had a definite meaning in theology, it denoted the satisfaction of Divine justice for the sins of man by the substituted penal suffering of the Son of God. Even Jowett acknowledged that the doctrine of the atonement as commonly understood was the doctrine of the sacrifice or satisfaction of Christ for the sins of men. But in the historic sketch presented in the article he might state that the historic treatment was a perfectly legitimate mode of treatment. It was a mode often resorted to for purposes of contro- versy and for the inculcation of opinions which needed to ingratiate themselves. It was known how Bossuet employed it as a polemic weapon in the history of the variations of the Protestant church, and how Macaulay employed it in his famous history to teach Whiggism, how Dean Stanley used it to inculcate Broad Church and comprehensive views, and not to mention many others, how Christian Ferdinand Baur had recourse to it in his destructive criti- cism of sacred literature and dogma. It was not necessary to assume that in using history as the propaganda of a school or party men were con- sciously dishonest. They read it through the spectacles of preconception ; they write what they see, and then history told them the story they wished to be told. Of this character was the article under consideration. It was history with a bias, and its bias was against the doctrine of the atonement contained in the standards. All the value which was attached to the doctrine of the Confession on this or any other subject was in its Scriptural authority; If it was de- rived from Scripture, held as the teaching of Scripture, and submitted to the judgment of Scripture, it was binding on our consciences ; if it was. not, it was a usurper, and ought to be cast out. Did this, historic sketch trace the doc- trine up to its source in Divine revelation ? No ; it treated it as in its origin and development a matter of human opinion. "Its root and essence," they were told, " lie in the religious conscious- ness of the Christian Church." Supernatural Di- vine revelation and the miraculous facts of the Gospel, as No. 9 of the report pointed out were not in any way referred to, as accounting for its origin. "The " root and essence of a doctrine lying in the religious consciousness of the Christian church was language which they could under- stand on the lips of Schliermacher, who held that the religious consciousness was the source of religious truth ; that the collective Christian consciousness was the ultimate test of religious truth, and that the apostolic testimony of Scripture was of value only as being the clearest expression of the Christian consciousness in the earliest and purest age. But what did it mean on the, lips. of a Presbyterian minister hold- ing the Westminster standards?. Did not these standards maintain that while the light of nature in man and the works of God declare plainly that there, was a God, His Word and spirit only sufficiently and effectually reveal Him unto men for their salvation. The supreme judge by which all controversies of religion were to be determined; and all decrees of councils, opinions of ancient writers and doctrines of men were to be examined, can be no other than the Holy Ghost speaking in the Scriptures. Where was the root of the doctrine of atonement but in the mind of God — in the revela- tion of God? The essence of the doctrine lay in the mediation of Christ. He granted that that which was formulated in our creeds as doctrine was not immediately that which was taught in Scripture, but that whiclr regen- erate man, enlightened by the Holy Spirit— the Church— believed the Scriptures to teach them. Doctrine was the result of the Christian's effort, to make clear to himself what he held in his consciousness as the truth of God, but then that "content" of consciousness was there as re- ceived from the revelation of God. It was held on the authority of that revelation that that which was formulated was a "content" of Christian consciousness, but it was formulated as the be- lief of what Scripture taught in the sense in which the Christian understood Scripture; It might be contended that this was all that the article meant, but, if so, it was a pity that it was not made clear. It could have been made clear by a simple reference to the Divine revelation and the miraculous facts of the Gospel, as the source of the doctrine. It might also be contended that the article did acknowledge the divine source of the doctrine in the reference to the apostles Paul and Peter, James and John, and the Synoptists. It referred to these, but not as inspired men authoritatively declaring the word of God. Surely this was to depreciate, not only the doctrine of the atonement, but the authority of Scripture also. A history of the doctrine which left out of account the divine authority and the supernatural facts in which the doctrine was ob- jectively embodied was no true history— the heart of the whole matter was left out of it. Again, the article deprecated the general doc- trine, and, in particular, obscured the essential relation of the death of Christ to recon- ciliation, by the account which it gave of the teaching of the apostles. This whole section was exceedingly suggestive of Baur. It might be contended, however, that "doctrine" was used in the passage referred to loosely, and generally as meaning no more than " teach- ing,' and as really equivalent to "form" in the preceding sentence. Such an explanation might be accepted but for two things. First, the writ- ing in this article, though vague, indefinite and mystical, was not loose. It was the product of one who was accustomed to weigh his words and study how most effectually to put his points. Second, it was not in this essay alone that the difference referred to had been asserted. It was well known that, the writings of the Apostles were pitted against each other by the Tübingen school, and it was a matter of notoriety that the parable of the Prodigal Son, and the passages in the synoptical gospels were held by some to teach reconciliation without a mediator or repentance. But reverting to the distinction of form between the Pauline and the Johannine doctrine, was it not exaggerated and misstated? There was no question but that the writings of these two apostles were characterised by sinking dif- ferences of thought and style ; for the two men were very different in mental constitution and habit, and each thought and wrote naturally according to his peculiar mental constitution or habits of thought, but though naturally, none the less, under inspiration. Yet with their striking dissimilarities of style, and the different stand points from which they, may be assumed to have written, their teaching with regard to the Atone- ment, was the same; not only in essence and spirit as the article allowed. But how was it that in the representation of the Johannine teaching no place was given to the propitiation which the Father provided as the means of reaching his love, and on the ground of which Christ proceeded in leading men out of darkness into the privileges of divine light? Yet no place was found for this in the statement of his doc- trine. What was the practical influence of this opinion? It misrepresented Scripture. It gave the impression that there was no definite doc- trine in Scripture as to how God reconciled men to himself in Christ, and therefore that they might speculate about that as they pleased. Could this omission ho accidental? Ho would gladly believe this was so; and yet it entered into tbe argument of-tho article and was implied in tho statouienis of tho first and fourth lessons. What was tho practical leaching of lesson I.? Was it not this? There was no definite doc trine on this subject in Scripture. . - Good men had differed about it. Apostles even liad differed. Wo may therefore differ, each taking tho view that pleases him best. Nay, not only with regard to the atenomont may wo do so, but also with regard to alljthe elements of Christianity, for Christianity was a spirit, not a form. Ho did not overlook tho fact that tho teaching of scripture and formulated dogma were logically distinct tilings, but dogma professed to bo the teaching of Scripture cast into logical form. Now, it raijjht bo that the "atonement has been realised, to use the language of tho artido, by men who have held a doctrine of tho Atonement different from that which wo hold to ho tho logical expression of tho teaching of. Scrip ture on the subject; but ho (Afr. Macdonald) for one, was slow to believe that the atonement had been realised by any man who practically re- jcetcd tho teaching of Scripture on the subject, Tho knowledge which saved was tho liclieving knowledgo of God's Won! as a personal message of love to tho individual, one which might he apprehended practically in tbesymphthelicappropriation of the concrete and personal utterances of revelation by ono who was incapacitated by defect, of dialectic power or pre possession or prejndtco from casting his knowledge into scientific form, or even recognising it when presented to him in such form. That might well be. Tho man's heart was soundor than his head, hut that did not prove that scientific dogma — the,- utterance of the practical faith in Ihcintcllcctual form, which gavo tbo clearest and fullest expression to the wholo teaching ot" Scripture on the' subject— was not a matter of . -im portance; It .was of importance to - prac tical faith. The truth accurately defined in the understanding reacts upon the truth believed in .the .'heart, giving it strength, ac curacy and precision, it was -thus that men were enabled to give' a reason for thb hope that was jn thcra. . It was'of importance for tho union of the church, and the discharge of its duty as a tcaching-witncss-bcaring institution. 3lcn must como to an understanding with one another us to what tho scriptures taught before they could hold forth that teaching as with ono voice. The same nraiitienl depreciation of the doctrine oE tho con- fession was evident in the close of the second les son, p. 773 'AVlion therefore we speak nf ransom, redemption, propitiation, Ac., wo innsl bear in mind that lliescare hut figures which aro not to lie pressed into logical dcfi: nitidis of how God lias in Christ reconciled man unto himself. If .tbe writer means by this that anyone, by theso figures, was not lo bo held as indicating a strictly exact and circumstantial conformity between tho subjefft to which they wore litcrallyapplicable, and the analogous siibjeet which they wcro used to ill ustrato, no exceptiou could bo taken to his state ment ; but if lie meant that an inherent incapa city of forming conceptions which can ho logi cally defined attached lo theso figures, as figures, thou be demurred. Tho question was — Did they represent facts or realities ? Could the nature and properties of these realities be learned from these figures? Was the knowledge which tb'cy yielded such that it could _ bear to be ac curately defined and systonjntised ? He main tained that it was. These figures, it must' ho borne in mind, were nnmorons; they, wero Taricd, hut related to each other ; the connection in' which each was used was generally sufficient to indicate what in it was merely cir cumstantial and what essential to the subject set forth; they were all figures supplied originally by an economy intended to prepare for the his toric fact to which they relate. It may be that all that the writer intended was a caution against pressing anyone of these figures by itself into a definition, though it was to be observed that tho illustrative instanco which he gave did not bcar oul that supposition. Jt was not. by taking the figure of - redemption as an exact definition, 'hut by misconceiving its import as used" in script, tiro, and by importing into it an idt&vhtch; dominated tlis thought of the age, thai' Urigen fell into. Iijs outrageous error of a ransom to the devil. There was nothing in the figure of redemption even as an' exact de finition,- that necessitated bis introducing the uotii as a principal parry in. uio transaction. But if such was all that tho wriior intended, it was a pity that he did not guard against the impression .which an ordinary reader following the drift of tho article would inovitably receive from the lesson, in tho bold way in which it was put, to wit, that there was no legitimate material for a doctrine as- to how God had iu Christ revealed himself to man, as there was nothing to found it upon but figures and figures, aud figures did not give exact definitions. After quoting several "authorities, the speaker proceeded to comment upon Afr. Strong's "skilful arrangemont of history." The Rev. J. Hay roso to order. . The speaker insinuated that Mr. Strong had. wilfully por- vcrted historical facts. (Cries ot "No point of order.") ' Tho Rev. C. Strong insisted upon tho point of order, objecting tothcimputationof misrepresent ing cither history or facts/ He challenged the speakqr either to make good his statement or withdraw it. Tho Rev. 3f. Macdonald wished it to ho understood that ho did not intend to make any imputations. The writer had made most serious omissionsinhisarticlcs.-andthcinostcsscntial ideas of tho doctrine had not been brought forward at all. He regretledthat there should not bavobeenanole of dissent to the teachings of tho philosophers. He would have expected that tho writer who had subscribed to their confession, of faith, and With the love of the doctrino in his heart, would at least have put in a caveat, against those views. Tho absence of - that denial seemed to imply that there was somo sympathy with tho teachings to which he referred.- In particular the reference niado to the ransom from the devil had caused pain lo a great many. His objection to tho first -lesson was, that while professing to set forth the doctrine of the atonement, there was no refcrenco to God as a supreme ruler. Surely that lay at tho foundation . of tho doctrino of the atoncmont, bnt tbe inference was to depreciate this view. The theory of tho atonement by. Grotius anil thai considered orthodox by the church went to a certain extent in the same line. They both set forth that God ruled overall, but tbey diverged at that point. Ncitbor in the last paragraph of the article nor iii any por- '.tion of it was thero any mention of the mediation of Jesus Christ, nor was there any acknow ledgment of tho covenant by which' man "works out hia salvation. Taking the article as it stood, ho thought -the presbytery would have no diffi culty in coming to the conclusion that tbo article by its. ' method 'of treatment ' was .calculated to obscure the doctrine of' the confession, and de prive it ui" its value. -His liuine liad been brought prominently' forward in connection with the matter, aqd all, sorts of imputations had been ICvellerl against him. ' The sole object ho had iiad in view-was lo secure, if possible, tho basis on which the cbnrch rested, and that tho church shonld formally repudiate the doctrine contained in theartiele. If its. effect was as lie had de scribed it would- be .most, improper to allow it to ptss without a disclaimer, .. Tho -artido was written by the minister of perhaps the most im portant Fresbyterian Church in tho colony. Ho was deservedly held in ibchighestesteem through- out tiie whole community, and when ho spoke I113 words carried such weight that thoy might ho regarded by the public as the opinions of the wholo church. (No.) That, no doubt, was tbo way the utterances of Mr. Strong wore regarded. The articlo appeared as a group of articles writ ten by ministers of the leading denominations, and tliey each bad a representative character. It' Mr. ' Strong's article were PU.Un, the hands of a professor of tho higher criticism lie was sure that professor would have a ditliculty in discover ing that it was written by a Presbyterian minis ter holding tho Westminster standards, and it appeared necessary to him thai they should clear themselves of complicity with that doctrine. It seemed to him that the article was a bold and skilful nttompt to establish a broatl church, which should embrace every shade of opinion, and it seemed lo him t he writer had been moving itt that direction for somo time past. If that was lo bo tho doctrine of the church, it would bo for somo members of tho ministry to say whether or not tliey would sever their connection . with the church. When ho entered the ministry he looked at the standards and formula, and fonnd he could ac cept thorn. He had been accused of' having dis turbed tho peace of tho church since he had ar rived in tho colony, and of assailing the minister of tho Scots' Church. That ho denied. Ho had been in antagonism to 3lr. Strong for somo time back, but. he bad been in that position because that gentleman had not been explicit in his in tention to assert, maintain and defend the whole doctrine of tbe Confession. His object was to ask wiicthor the views indicated wero to be put forth as those of the whole chtirch. it was pos sible thai if Mr. Stroog's action wero explained by himself tho opinion he (Mr. 3Iacdonald) liad formed would ho considerably modified, but in tho absence of that explanation he would move tho motion ho bar) read. The Rev. Mr. M'Eachern eccondod the motion, reserving to himself tho right to speak on the subject afterwards. The Rev. .1. G. Stebbs said : in rising lo sub mit an amendmont to the motion now beforo tbo court, I desire first of all to say that I- have tho most perfect confidence in tho honesty of purpose of tho two gentlemen whore names hove figured most conspicuously in this case, 3Ir. 3l'Kachran and Mr. 3Iaodonald. Motives ns un worthy as I believe untrue hare been attributed to both, which none who arc personally at, quainter! with the gentlemen will for a mouiont eatertaiu.- 1, ior ono as iciise, suitri uo no lieny to fighting a goo.l cause, or any cause, with so had a-weapon ns'iiisinuation of motive.' (Hear, heir.) Besides; thoredocsnotsecm tometebethcsliglitest need of introducing warm feeling iuto tliis discussion. Wo area deliberative body, and aro. bound by honor and tho church to. consider a question ;-u'eh as iias now arisen without fear and without favor, without even any regard to per-, sonal friendship, and I must add that I think it; very bad form indeed for outsido' irresponsible writers to sock to cocreo our judgment. Putin brief, what wo as a presbytery are callod on by Mr. Macdonald's motion lo rlo is this— to de clare 3tr. Strong a suspicious person in regard -to his theology, ana to call upon him cither to ex culpate or to incriminate himself. I earnestly, hnpo the presbytery will pause before iticoinmits itself to do .either the one thing or tho other. Let members quite understand what is meant, by adopting the committcu's report. 'It, 'means- a wholesale acceptance of what some, cvon of their own number, dissent from in part; it means a committal of opinion on points of doc-' trine and literary criticism, in which . I, at least, shall bavo neither act nor part. Let mem- burs also understand tho true meaning of that apparently bland and courteous proposal to give Mr. Strong an opportunity to answer a few ques tions. Innocont-mindcd persons may fancy this a simple solution of tiie' difficulty in which wo arc placed. Jn my judgment it is now far from simple, and to ask it is neither courteous nor rigiit. Had Mr. M'Eachran, in bringing up his. motion, simply stated tbo grounds on which. lie, craved a conference, then, irritated as Mr. Strong might justly have been at seeing his'review articlo dragged so unceremoniously ; before tho presbytery, J think ho would havo dono- himself; no discredit lo have comforted, in' a few quiet words, tho troubled minds of liis critics. But tho speech of Jlr. 3f'Eachran took tho. form of a stem indictment, and rionian with any self-respect would, after its dc-; livery, havo been justified in adopting this5 course, it would have been lanthihoiiht tot succumbing . to a . threat and crying p'.cf'iri. I am to this-day surprised how_ tho presbytery (at whose meeting T was not present, cute I should certainly havo protested) could bavcfuilcu intq. tho error of allowing Mr. 31'Eachrair \to enter 'on; the'.taorits- of a question which lie "was merely, asking tho presbytery to tako within its juristic-' turn. However, it is uccdlc-is' now W refer to the; past) else I should also have spirit-hard Things" lo- stiJrofTH6Juanner in.whicbxthobcaSo origtnafe'd, especially concerning caucus meetings, which are so un-Prosb.vtorian, and which, it is to be hoped,; wo shall hear no more of in future;. I wish to address myself to the reasons why this report should not bo adopted. Theso reasons, as thoy, nnnenrtomv mind, may bo eroui.ed under tlirea headings : — I. The report is illogical . and self-' contradictory. II. It is bused' on defective 'prin ciples of criticism, aud on much inaccurate assertion; ill. It is ungenerous to Mr. Strong, and if adopted would bo most detrimental to , tlio best interest s'of tho church, 1' proceed, to estab lish these positions. I. If members; will' read Nos. 2, 3 and 4 of particulars -noted, they will find what, is equivalent to an amplo exoneration- of 3Iri .Strong.. No. 2 asserts that his. article consists ut three parts, viz., ail introduction,, an. historical sketch, and somo general lessons ; and No. 3 goes on to say, "Iu liono of these parts does tho writer give a systematic statement of bis own view of the atonement ;" and No. 4. " .Iii. nolle' of these parts docs tho writer contradict.in catc-. gorical propositions and express terms - tlic doc-: trine of tho atonement contained in the , Confession of Faith and tho larger and shorter Catechisms." The rcporlshould have ended there; and the com mittee would have amply fulfilled tbc'requirc- ments of tlie presbytery had they so decided.: We did not ask them to prepare a case. for the complainant, but as Christian gontlcmcn to te'll us after fair consideration if the insinuation that: Sfr. Strong had taught false doctrine on the atonement was true. They come back and tell us, it is not true. They have at length found out what was pretty obvious to most people all along, that the artiuie is. an historical sketch, and that Sir. Strong, docs' not profess to and does not state his own views therein. . To be sure, there is an attempt to hide this by introducing the words "systematic" and. "categorical proposition's,".' and "express terms;" and this, . I think,- is! scarcely creditable, for the bare fact remains thut, there is no statement of Sir. Strong's own. which is: contradictory of tho standards of tho church.' '"But 'the gcutlcmen forming; the committeo .wore uot prudent enough to rest' here. Tliey seem to have bad an exaggerated view, of what was required of them, anrl rushed oh into fourtccii other particulars, with the cx- iirova ntirnose annarcntlr of eettinu back bv a' circuitous approach to tho iKjsitipn thoy. had abandoned. "They begin by telling us (particular No. 5) " tbat tbey found ambijmity and inilefi- nitcness of stntcinenL and (in No. 6) that there- arc ' grave omissions in the treatment of tho subject," Surely the committee must havu been in a jocnlar vein when they penned those " nota ble particulars." Wo did not, I think, entrust to thom tho task of banding in. to us their esti- mate of, Mr. Strong's style, nor of reporting on what' he did not say. In tho former ease' they pass at,, once into .the region of; literary criticism, which it is no part of; tho duty of the presbytery to consider; in 'the' latter thoy- pass1 into an all-surrounding mist..' Tho blunder of tho committee, I repeat,' consists, in shifting the grtfund'from theological to literary and historical criticism, atid in seeking, by ""it seems "'aiid " it' appears." to come round again by a tortuous path; to the 'theological position that 'Mr. -Strong -is. at variance' with the Stan-5 dards. This is not fair, atid it is not even cleverly done. I admired,' much as I dissented from, 31r. M'Gachran's slashing speech. There was a " go and vigor about it' which his bitterest opponent could not dispute. But tho report before us seems to me do- be of the limp and lame and -baiting kind. There are paragraphs emphasising the use of certain words and phrases, and dis tinctions which make one wonder of what manner the reading of some gentlemen may be so familiar are these to modern thought, and yet so surprising do they seem to tho 'com- mittee.- I -do not' wish for a moment 'to impugn their scholarship-- indeed in tho case of ' several I am well convinced of it ; but looking merely, 'to their report I should pardon a wag who might suggest that they pose there as ecclesiastical Rip Van Winkles who have suddenly awakened from a twenty-years' sleep to be 'astonished ' at terms and ideas which were quite unfamiliar to them in their college days. When men look aghast at the distinction drawn between, the Pauline and Johannine theology, when they start at "the re-'- Iigious consciousness of the Christian church," when they wonder that Fichte and Schelling and Hegel should be regarded as idealists, I scarcely know how to argue. They are ' thinking on another plane of thought from myself. When, again, - in No. 11 they assert that Mr. Strong's views of the, Fathers are one-sided and defective, they are im pugning his knowledge or his honesty, not his orthodoxy. I am not desirous to enter into con- troversy on this point, although I believe that in the main, with one or two slight exceptions, tho critics are wrong and the criticised is right. . I think, however, the presbytery will see at a glance that in asking us to adjudicate on these points they are asking us to act ultra vires: There are, - however, certain particulars noted which I also wish to note. These aro'Nos. 8, 9, 15, 16, 18. They, have got corollaries and serious ones attached' to them. Ml tho other particulars are simple "padding," mere "leather and prunella," which. wo may brush aside with in difference. Before entering on in y second conten tion, however, let me repeat tho thesis of my first, that, in view of the particulars Nos. 3 and 4, tho committcebaveactcd mast illogicnllyin traversing ibeir own finding. IT. Tho report should not be adopted :oi). the intrinsic ground that it is based on defective principles of criticism, and in runch on unwarranted assertion. In proof of what I here assert I shall begin by asking you to com pare tbe findings with the corresponding parti culars on which they arc founded. Particular ,No. S is responsible forfindingNo. 1. One knows .what has to be contended against here, because ono method is pursued and not another, there fore (a hazardous tcquitur) thai other is repu diated. Will .the committee pardon me if I say that this, as criticism, is nonsense. Bccansc I travel by one route to my destination, do I, therefore, oimmit myself to saying there is no other route ? And, in point of fact, the committee cannot ho ignorant that there are- two entirely distinct schools (distinct as the idealist from the experimentalist in philo sophy), by which men try to spell out their thoughts on divine things. From Calvin down- wards, and including such names as, I doubt not, are dear to the ruling majority of this presby tery, such names as Cunningham and Candlish, the a priori method has been adopted, and religious truth has been argued from Christian postulates, There is another way which should not be ignored ; and to me it is perfectly evident that behind' their criticism of Mr. Strong the com mittee have a shivering dread of the Tubingen school, which, of course, if Joseph Cook is to be taken as an authority, is fairly squelched in these latter days. Nevertheless, a principle does not die, and I shall make bold to say that no higher master worker has appeared in tho field of historic criticism this century than Baur. His inductive method has led to genuine and illumin ing results ; and, much as we may dis pute his theologic conclusion, we should not be so childish as to ignore tho splendid contribution he has given to the understanding of the scriptures. Induc tive philosophy, which is triumphant in every sphere, does not fail when it comes to be applied to tho Holy Word and to tho progress of thought in tho church. It was my great privilege, as it was Mr. Strong's, to sit under the luminous and inspiring teaching of the most distinguished philosophic theologian in Scotland— Principal Caird and I don't suppose that either of us will ever abandon tho trend of thought into which we were led by him. That trend of thought, was to search after truth, from the standpoint of what we know till perchance we shall get more light and fuller. His caution to its always was (and I should speak with some authority on the point) never to place uneducated belief in tho room of earnestly-educated knowledge. Now I myself cling to that teaching, and prefer induction everywhere to deducton. And has not Mr. Strong just been following the same principle? Btit I put the matter too seriously. Mr. Strong's article, which I read at the time of its publication without the faintest suspicion of heresy being contained in it, sets out with tho distinct assertion of tho method of treatment he is to adopt. " Like every other doctrine of our creeds," says he, " this doctrine has a history." i. e., may be looked at from its purely human side. Having stated this much he proceeds, with tho perfectly natural se quence, "Its root and essence," i.e., viewed psychologically, lie in the religious con- sciousness of the Christian church." He is right. Where else from the point of view he adopts can it lie? He is professing, mark you to write history, and history, properly so called, excludes tho supernatural which belongs to tho realms of faith. Now the phrase, " tho religious consciousness of the Church " seems especially to stagger the committee. It is not a new phrase ; it was well worn in Scotland twenty years ago, and a word or two can explain it. Members are presumably all familiar with Matthew Arnolds Zeit Geist, the Spirit of tho Age, which colors the judgment of each genera tion, within which they must think, out of which they cannot. Now, what the Zeit Geist is to tho world,' tho religious consciousness is to the church. It is fluctuating, never exactly tho same, - but is always the measure of tho church's belief and practice, Hence tho varied views of the atonement from Iren- æus to Calvin, from Calvin to M'Leod, Camp- bell and Maurice. Hence more palpably, perhaps, in moral judgment, the church's blindness in tho past to such flagitious crimes as slavery, witch- burning, persecutions in general. "The religious consciousness of the Christian Church" is the power it has at any given time of thinking out and of practising Christian truth. I submit, therefore, gentlemen, that in regard to -the first -finding, the committee have proceeded on defective principles of criticism when they charge Mr. Strong with seeming to repudiate the miraculous facts of the gospel and the supernatural Divine revelation." Find-- ing 'No. 2' is based on Particular No. 9 : — 0\. 'flic historic sketch open with the sentences, " Tho tno' leading doctrinal forms which we find in Scripture are the Pauline and the Johannine. Of the Jc&Sdi;&Uuctdml; rouicwbaldifTcrcntdoctrine to bo met witji in lho- IirKi three f?03£cls; thc Apocalypse juifl thtf1 epistles of .)u)ucs aud "Fetor wc do not at prcsout >penk," Wijli respect to the second of these sen tences, the committee find that it needs to be ex plained as seeming to be inconsistent with the infalli ble truth of tho Scriptures. If I understand this somewhat misty deliver ance it means that there has been no such thing as progressive development in the percep tion- of religious truth. I am at one with the committee that Paul in his later doctrine of the mystical union of the believer with Christ ap proaches very nearly the standpoint of John. But that this was a thought which developed in Paul's mind; and was scarcely present to him in his earliest writings, admits, I think, of no doubt. Tho committee seem to me to imagine it needful' in order to conserve the infallible truth, and 'divine authority of Scripture, to bold that tho brains of the evangelists of Taul' and of John should be moulded on exactly the same model. This is a weary mis take. As it is impossible for men now to see exactly alike, so was it impossible to the writers of tho Bible. I am ashamed to utter such a platitude, and it is only because it seems to impugned that I do so. Surely this will not be controverted — that the knowledge of God himself is in the Bible a development. The fierce shout of. the Judges, " God is a man of war ; the Lord is His name," is separated by long years of en lightenment from the all-illumining definition of John, 'God is light" and "God is love.", Progressive development is at once in tlie .'Bible and in tho interpretation of it. "Infallibility" and " authority" do not, 'I submit, rest on so feeble a foundation as unity in pcrccption'of . truth, which is simply impos» siblc, but - on . the moral adaptation to all 'classes of thinkers of whut tho Bible contains. Moreover,' it is the necessary process which a "doctrine such as the atonement must undergo that the fact on which it is based should bulk most prominently at the first, and that wondering awe should preclude any philosophical attempt to penetrate tho -meaning of the fact.' This, 1 pre sume, is Mr. Strong's contention when he refers to the evangelists, and assert that the committee have made an indubitable blunder, both in fact and in' philosophy, when they challenge his virtual assertion .that progressive development is.com- patible 'with -the infallible truth and Divine authority of scripture. Finding No. 3 is a vague assertion, .which I. think lias been sufficiently answered by the forcgoing.rcmarks, and as to No. V.'ThosteSehhig of the article, taken .va. whole, nppeara 'to 'lckvc out the essential element ot tho 'atonement, viz., tlie substitutionary s&crificc; of Christ.: s . . ' , ' ' AVhiclvis based oil Particular, IS— IS.- Tlio' 'Statement in pago 773 of the Kss'ontiai 'Ideas" whieh nre said to imrc ' formed the life and 'power- of tlie doctrine in all ages" is very nnsatisfac- lory. iw appctirius'tu Ic&re; out tho essential element of the atonement, viz., the substiUitlon.vr sacrifice df-'ChcUt. . .11)0; related ideas of God as a moral gover nor andoC moral law also appear tu be omitted. lt sccms . to" mo sufficient to say that there is rio; .teaching .in the article as a whole .othejv.thau. .- tlio .teaching that strictly, be longs to historic consideration, and that it was Impossible- ' for Mr. Strong from his stand point, to gather tip all the views into tho,siibsti- tioiiarysadrifico',. theory,! nnlc&s; ho wished to ;sbultify himself in, regard to what be haA iUicady advanced! There tire many other points on :whic1r l' should like to speak, in especial on Particular 15, .where, I think, there is the most unwarranted fbi6uig of a meaning on words which theydouTt 'legitimately bear. Thu distinction hero between spirit", and " form," is simply jdcliciops/'' Why,' who may not sec that what Mr. 'Strong means' Is, Ihat the glorious truth of Chris tianity abides essentially untouched, however di- vcrso bp -.'the crcsion of it. But as I have placed before myself the. task of .considering only k'tbfe HndiUgf, I-leirb to 'others to dissect further Ihe-paHiculars; .J think I have established my proposition that tho report should not be adopted on tbe/inlrinsic grouuds that it is basedon defec tive principles 6t criticism, and in much on un- warranicdassertion. .UI. But, Sir, Icaviogall theso mptlen! behind, is it fair to Mr. Strong to con tinue ihis agitation about what every member of this court knbwB will eventuate- in nothing? It 'is'simply. harassing a gentleman who has gained a secure place-in the affections of the community. Not one of Sou cati say. that thero is matter for. libel iu .this extraordinary report ; and suppose 'ttf-day-j'ou' adopt Mr. MncdonaM's motion, and 'ask Mr."8tTOiV£'-to'ausw'cr you, and suppose he declines, .as.i think it rnewt likely he would, and as I certaiuly think he ought, where arc you ? You ca.n'f proceed orte step further. Up to this point tbo'prcsBytcry.itsclf is uot committed. I hope at .this point tho' prcsb'ytery will tike tlio wise and 'the' just course, of. rejecting it3 committee' 'a re- . commendation; , and so restoring peace aud bar-' mony to tho community. There is no possible gain to sot off against tlio loss of Christian amity which is .being engendered. You are giving a fictitious importance to what you know is a very, small matter, and for tho sake atoncoof Mr. Strong, of his cougrcgation, of the church, and of the .colony, I would .earnestly plead for the adoption of the amendment which I now pro pose, That, the presbytery, baring received aud con sidered tho report of thv committee, agree to pruoccd no further In tlio matter. In .conclusion, I would warn the presbytery to beware how far they curtail that sober liberty wrhichrit iVote6tantism to- grant to its individual members. If they do uot wish to make the Presbyterian Church of Victoria unfit for men of independent views to find a place in ; if they do not wish to deter young men of ability, and imbued by modern thought from joining us, they will do well to dismiss the trumpery matter which is now engaging our attention. (Applause. ) Mr. J. C. Stewart seconded the motion. The Moderator (the Rev. S. Robinson) ex pressed a desire that another gentleman should be appointed to tho cbair, as he desired to move another amendment. The Rev. Mr. Paton was voted to the chair. The Rev. S. Robinson moved tho following amendment-- Whereas the analysis of tho articlo by the Tier. Charles Strong, in tho Yict-orian Rwext of October, , ISaO, placet) before ihe presbytery by its committee on tho luth Inst., makes it manifest that the said article contains statements wliicb arc liable lo lie understood as teaching doctrine not in accord with the standards of the Presbyterian f!nurch of Victoria, and does not contain auy clear and positive tcadiiug circulated to remove doubt regarding the meaning of the statements noted, tho presbytery consider it 1u«t to Mr. Strong to express their willingness to afford him any .opportunity of explanation be uuy wish, and their earnest desire to have ali cause ot uneasiness and anxiety removed. Whereas this discussion finis made it clearly manifest that the Presbytery of Melbourne hold firmly nnd faithfully by what is known as the ortho dox interpretation of the Westminster Standards in regard to the historic and supernatural facts of our holy religion, such as inspiration of the scrip tures, the personality of God, the divinity ni our Lord Jesus Christ, tho vicarious nnd expiatory na ture of. his death, and tho way of salvation through his atoning bloM. Whereas, iurlhcr, the statements complained of in the nrticio by Mr. r.tronc: arc capable of explanation consistent with .this position, tho pruabytcry consider that when a man's utterance uau nuetiiwtrued in two ways, one of which brings him into conflict with the standards ho bus vowed to " assert, maintain and de fend," while the other relieves him from such cunftiet, the more fnvornhlo construction is tho one which in a eourtof Christ's Church, ifcctfng in the spirit of bro therly love, should bo put upon his words, aod t here fore hereby resolve to proceed no further in the matter than tho above expression of their willingness and de sire, except to impress on alt their members the neces sity— in the present fluctuating ftale of thought— of giviuffprominenco in their pulpit and public utter ances to tbe supernatural redemptive facts of our Christian faith. He bad not sought tlio counsel of any his brethren upon the amendment, and he did nob even know whether it would find a seconder. It had arisen purely out. o£ his own mind, and he east it on tho court. His first obicet was to in- form Mr. Slrongth.it they were willing and glad to receive any explanation whi.h be might think fit to give , but, at tbe name time, they left bim fveo to make any explanation or not, according to his idea as to what he thought was his duty to to the presbytery and also lo tho public. Ho did not like the idea imposed on them by the resolu tion, that Mr. Strong should ho forced to make au explanation. He preferred the amend ment, because it freed Mr. Strong from all suspicions of pressure, and left him with n senso of freedom. Another thing influenced his mind in moving the amendment. Mr. Macdonald did not say in his motion what he iu- tended should be done with Mr. Strong if his motion was carried. That fact was calculated lo make Mr. Strong very naturally stand on hia pride and make no explanation, and if the ex planation were forced upon liim, the censorious and uncharitable -would say it was not worth much if it wero forced upon him. Mr. Strong, as ho b;td already contended, should be allowed to mako hia explanation or not as he pleased. That would gain all that the motion proposed to pain, and why should they go further ? The amendment would make it manifest to all that they (tho presbytery) stood fairly and squarely by the interpretations of their standard ; that tliey would not approve anything approaching heresy. Whatever might be the whisperings outside, he believed that tho Presbyterian Church lof Victoria was true to the orthodox standard, and in the present crisis thoy, as proposed by the amend ment, vemuinc4 true to it. If that was publicly declared, as had been done, then trouble in the present instance was ended. No man, after that, who held contrary views would remain in their midst. Tf tho writer's views in the article ad- mitlod of two constructions, ho took that inter pretation which freed his brother from all sus picion. Ue could not forget that .Mr. .Strong had signed the same standards he had done, and he could not believe Sir. Strong was less honest in doing so than he had been. Before he bcliovcd otherwise ho -must have strict proof that Mr; Strong had departed from those, beliefs, and ac cording to the committee's own showing, there was no such proof. When saying that lie wished it to be distinctly understood chat ho was far from adopting the views' of tbe article— and he discountenanced tho personal attack made upon the conunittco by certain newspapers— he be lieved that tbey had beeu honest, and bad not TJccn ;nnimatc(T by personal- animus. They had now, .however, gained all that they required, tamely, that the J'rcsbyteriim Church did not adopt tbe article, and he was prepared to let the c:jsc rest there. He did not say it would be wise for Mr. Strong lo let the matter stop at that stage, hut tliat would bo a matter for his own diserc- lion, xi lie uiu jiuu JUL id »iu|> lie luigut, >ery possibly,, show by bis explanation tbat bis views wcro in harmony with their creed. If it were possible let the presbyter' stop there. Before Mr. Strong made his explanation be should feci himself safe from all further proceedings, even if lie did not choose to maho au explanation. In liis opinion not one member of tbo assembly de sired to proceed to libel in this ease, nnd Do con tended tbat tliey should not bo affected by any exhibition outside. ThcRov. .Mr. Bcattlo seconded the amendment. Tho presbytery adjourned for lunch, and on resuming Dr. 31 'Donald took the cbair. 3tr. Balfour suggested that the motion should bo divided, and the question of the approval of the report mado ascparatcqnestion. The Rev. J. M'li. Ahcrnethy thought it was confusing to discuss the motion as it ut present stood. Tho llcv. Mr. Ballnntyuc pointed out if the re port was rejected, tbe matter would end there. The Rev. Mr. Hardicsaid AD. Stobbs's amend ment was a dircct,ncgativc of Air. Alacdonaid's motion, and a vote conseqncntly should be taken upon it before further amendments wcro enter tained. Atr. Hatrer urged that -Mr. Balfour's sugges tion shonld be adopted. Air, Stewart said he hud asked at the last meeting whether the motion would he considered as a whole, and ho had been replied to ' in the affirmative. He therefore objected to its being divided, and he bad a constitutional right to do so. Mr. Baifour moved tbat tiie Grsl portion of the motion bo considered separately. The 'Rev. J. Buliantynosaid it wijld he un constitutional to do tbat iu the face of the objec tions raised- Tbe Rev. Afr. .Macdonald auked permission to dirt do the motion. The Rev. Air. Wilson contended that Air. Afaedonaid's request was reasonable. He moved that, the'requcst be agreed to. Tho Rev. Air. Hardio seconded tho proposi tion. Mr. Stewart said the only course would be to withdraw the motion and commence tie uoro. The Aloderator said ho had very great difficulty in" deciding the question, but lie conceived that it would bo belter to pcrmi t tho debate on the main question to proceed. The Rev. Afr. Aberucthey said that he hap pened to be ono of tho minority on tbo committee, but bo could not ugrec with. AD. Stebbs in des cribing tho matter as a trumpery question. It seemed to him to bo one of the roost important thoy could bo called on to determine, as the wholo subject of church doctrine hung upon it. Iio thongbt tbey should have heard Atr. .Macdonald with a groat deal of sympathy in order to let him put himself right with the public. Ho had dissented from No. !) of the particulars noted be cause Atr. Strong did not. say the Pauline doc trine was diffefeht from that of the first three gospels, but merely that it was somewhat different. He only stated that it was different in form and not ill nature and fact. Everyone knew tbat Paul spoke in a different way to James as to what a man must do to be saved. Surely a man might beliove in both and yet notsay a word against the inspiration of tho scriptures. A man might bcligvo that John gave ono view and tho synoptists . another and yet believe that each was equally inspired and in fallible. Ho did not think there was a war rant for tbe finding, as there was 110 doubt cast on tbe infallible truth of the scriptures He dissented from No. 12 because it seemed to bo altogether unnecessary to bring merely his torical questions into the matter and thus burden themselTcs with too many points. Uo dissented from No. 16, where tlie passage, by Mr. Strong, "We cannot all think in exactly the same way as John or James or Paul," occurs. He (Air. Abornetliy) could not at all sco that the expres sion was inconsistent with the divine authority ofscripture. It seemed to him that they might accept all that James or Paul said, and yet not think in tho same way. Thoy must not pat into tho words what they did not find thero. ' The expression was, perhaps, unfortunate, but it wns not .inconsistent. He also dissented from No. 17, because lie saw nothing inconsistent with the personality of God in tho oxprcssion. Ho dis sented from Nos. 1 and 2 of tho general findings, because, though he bad read tbo article through carefiitly, ho found nothing that denied superna tural divino revolution. It seemed to liim entirely unnecessary that Mr. Strong should put in a caveat on the subject, as suggested l>y Air. Afac- donuM. Tho position Mr. Strong occupied, and tbo fact that- ho had signed the standards of tho church, rendered it unnecessary for him to say tbat ho fully recognised tho truth of supernatural Divine revelation. No. 2 of tlie general finding stated tbat " iu several parts the tendency of tho article sggms to be inconsistent witn the infallible truth and Diriue authority of Scripture." He could not agree to that. Afr. Strong described the atonement not as the death of Christ, but tho effect of that death in bring ing God and man together, These four or five points seemed to be the gist- of the whole charge, nnd they seemed to imply that tho writer had been guilty of sorious doctrinal errors in re ference to the atonement, but ho did not think tbe conclusion was justified by the evidence, or that itoonid be drawn from theartiele. If they eliminated tbe four points to which bo had ob jected, tho whole matter would be much .moro easily settle, and ho would movo that they bo left out . Tbo Rev. D. H. Bailantync said bo could not agrco with tho wholo of the committee's report. Ho thought that many of tbo points might bavo been left out, and tbe presbytery ought to pro ceed at once to excise them. At the, same time ho bad sympathy with two poiuts of tbe report, which bo thought would includo everything tbat was necessary to be included in this inquiry, and) if these two points wero satisfactorily ex-' plained by Mr. Strong the whole proceeding in connection with this ease shonld como to an end. Tbo two points were tbat be seemed to deny tlio doctrino ot atonement and tho inspire-1 tion of tlio Scriptures. After reading the passages from the articlo in question which- appeared to; liim to engender doubts, he suggested that AD.: Strong shonld explain, at Icast to tho extent of saying that the interpretation put upon them, was not what ho meant. It \v;is cleaf that if Mr. Strong hold that the Apostles contradicted each other tliey could not be' ali inspired. With regard to the Atonement, there were one or two points that required a littlo explanation. He said its root and essence lay in: the consciousness of tho Christian faith. Tbab appeared to bo an unscriptural statement.' How could that bo reconciled with tho statement, "God so lovod tlie world tbat Ho gave His only begotten Son that whosoover be lieved iu Him might bo saved." Thero wan nothing hinted in that assertion to favor the notion that the death of Christ and His atone ment lay only in tho consciousness of tho Christian Church. If bo meant tbat the doctrino had root in the consciousness: in the Christian Church, which was its appropriate soil, they would agree with, him. If ho were of that opinion, let bim say so.. If that were so, the difficulty vanished like a summer cloud, and their notions would beenmo like a summer sky— clear and serene. There was another doubtful phrase at the end of the third paragraph of tho articlo. Christ was alluded to as tho fulfilmont of philosophical thought. To him tbat appeared to be a very queer phrase. He knew tbat Plato considered that some transcendental character should appear .who had hitherto been sought in vain. If Mr. Strong meant that sncll a philosopher was ful filled in Christ, then he did not object to the inference. The atonement, was to John a vast deal more than a philosophical thought. Ho mado Christ hear testimony that he camo not .merely to bo a great teacher, not merely to bo a philosopher, but to give Hit life a ransom for tbe many. Ho was led to the conclusion that to satisfy tbe court it would be right and manly for Mr. Strong to make a candid explanation on these two points— tho atonement and tho inspiration— and, ii ho was not breaking confidence, bo might say tbat Afr. Strong bad told bim he could do so. Ho (Atr. Ballantyno) hoped that Air. Strong would declare that the brethren who hud thought there was some reason for explanation with re gard to his views on tho atonement and tho inspiration of the Scriptures J.iad been quite mistaken, and tbat Air. Strong would give un as. surancc tbat bo believed the Scriptures were in> spired nnd that the atonement of Christ wai real. Ho proposed as un amendment tbat hi (Air. Strong) bo asked to avow if such was the case. Tho Rev. Afr. Maxwell seconded the amend/ ment. Tlie Rev. J. L. Rcnteul said ho would conclude with an amendment. HisfricndAlr. Robiusonluc said be wished tho matter were well over. For hie own part, ho wished it had novor begun. He would not venture to apportion the blamo of ite beginning, but ho might bo permitted to say. that a man like Mr. Strong, coming to a great re- presentative church like Scots' Church and cast- ing upon the public a paper such as would cause this sad perplexity and divided estranged feel- ing, and yet refusing to give a word of explanation, placed himself under a weight of responsibility sucl) as bo (Afr. Kcntoul) would not like to bear. On tbo other band, be bad always held tbat any ' man who brought up a question of heresy, oi presumable heresy, in.i church court should be prepared to tablcacbarcc, Otherwise tho question should not be raised. But, now the question waj upon thorn— and, it must be admitted, constitu tionally before them— itssolcmu issucscould not be shirked. They must face tho paper an J cxprcsi their opinion, upon it. After replying to some statements of Mr. Stebbs, Afr. Rcnteul deal) with Afr.' Strong's paper itself. Ho said, the views therein expressed wore not 'next. For man years in Germany, down lolSul, when Hegel died, tlie tendency and effort of tlio transcendents, philosophers, Kant, l'ichtc, Schclling, Hcgcl anc tbat school generally, had been lo ignore. liistorii . fact3 and to elevate what tbey called " ideas' (essential ideas liaviug their essence ' in the human consciousness). Or as Mr. Strong ,toM iiiciu, io lucaiiss lite uociruic, icu-ing tho historical facts, which wci'o rcgardoc as but the temporary drapery, fall com. plotoly into the background. The idea and ideal- it was affirmed, were the real— in lliem alone wero to ho found tho truth and the life. A'eai and for a good reason. The historic facts weri supernatural, and that clashed with the theor that made all religion an evolution anc development out of the human conscience. Ever concerning Schlcirmachcr, whoso warm-hcartec religious feeling was recognised, Dr. Georgi Matliioson said : — " His position regarding Chris and Christianity might ho judged by one qucstior — Is the Christ of Schlcirmachcr at this uiomom a living person, bearing us — potent to savo: Now wo wore placed to-dav in this porplcxinj and painful position. 1. llanr, like llcgii niakei all "doctrine havo its root and essence in tbi human conscionsness, and all Christian doctrini havo root and essence in the Christian conscious ness. And so did Mr. .Strong. 2. 'flic school ot Hcgilafid Baur haduoatoiicmcntsavciu the sons: of tho reconciliation of man's thought w ith God Neither bad this paper of Mr. Strong. 3. Again tho haur-Hogel school distinguished bctweer essential views and non-essential historic pic- turincand representation. Thchislorict'acls luigh) fall away as drapery. So exact ly it a pi /cured waj Atr. Strong's philosophy. The committee hac said that in the conclusion of Afr. Strong's papei vague and mystical phraseology tvas employed, especially in sotting fortli what was representee as the ess'eotial ideas. Alow the oxpressioui were mystical, just as ail the expressions of the transcendental school were mystical, ami s< mystical that in an ago which tested all tliingl by facts it could hot live long. But U anyone who bad studied that school th« expressions would in no who appear vagiio. At plainly as words could say Mr. Strong had saiii ' that Ibis was bis exposition of tlio atonement.- These were the essential ideas. Tiie atonement had been realised as an essentia idea, anil foi V.IIU lllAlUllv XeL'-LS 1 1 114a rv|irv-2C«l 11 1/lOlt OP historic drapery) Mr. Strouir had said he wo ucrf concerned about ; they were" non-eMoniinl. Surelj Mr. Strong liad fatally committed himself bj saying, with Baur, that Raul's .mode oi arguing wits Hobraio, and tho JuhanninphHo,S'>- )dno, for they know that several epistles of .Sfi Paul wero strongly philosophic, and Ba urdia carded thom for tout. Mr. Strong's papriturcoc on him tlie painful thou- ht that hu'licM thi philosophic Paulino epistles as uot Paul's. . .Again Baur, in treating of the do.;trino of th< atonement, passed over the person ol Christ, and began with Paul and went on to the early fathers, ami then to Origeti anc tho ransom to the devil, then to J.uthcr and Col via, and then to the moderns. Mr. Strong jiia' followed in his steps. Ami finally, what m eigbec heaviest upon him tbat day was the thought that there was no supernatural redeeming Chris.4 revealed in Mr. Strongs paper, tie fcarec there was no placo for him. His personality! his Almighty life and death, were none of th» "essential ideas." That jvuh only the liistorii part, or drapery, in .Mr. Strong's view. Jo» stead of Christ thoy had offered to thes the essential idea o! God's righteousness in i divine ideal. Now, what was the presbyterj lo do? They surely could not, and in God'i sight dare not, say this was nothing? On the other hand, . the motion of Mr Macdonald was suroly not adequate. Its effed was the formulation of a doctrine ahooi our Lord's suiistitutionary work, while ooj Lord's very historical existence and super natural personality were the points in questios and the centre of the battle that day. sides, if Mr. Strong did uot explain, did the|pres bytcry mean to exercise its powers of disci plhie. He (Mr. Rentoul) did uofc think, that wa . contemplated. He would rather himself resign. The only way lie could sec out of the way of th< sad and solemn diiumilty in which !itr. Stroug hud placed them was to give such a iindiug as tc protect tho church and the central facta of their Lords Gospel committed to their charge; aud nbovr at), let their pronouncement make it evidont thai the question was not be tween broad churchmen aud evangelicals, but be tween those who held the supernatural Lord aud Redeemer as tho church's founder and Saviour, and those Hegelian thinkers who, ignoring any Supernatural Christ and any intervention of God fiud the root and essence of religious doctrine in tlie human conscience. Tlie speaker then moved the following amendment : — The proabytorv having. considered, the paper oo Atonement, published in the Vieioruni Jiei'iswtor October, 1SS0, uud signed Chas. Strong, and having ulso considered their committee's roport on the £2iue, oxpmss their sincero concern and pllQ nt tho negative character of the teaching In Jtr. Strong's paper, tho absence from it of all re cognition o! tbe Divine presence of the Lord Jesus Christ us' the Mediator and Reconciler working -the atonement, as well .as its apparent ig noting any supernaturaUy given revelation. Awl, iuasmuch as the Christian faith rests upon, and the Christian conscience takes' hold of certain objective suporuatnral historic facte, especially tho incarnation and the atoning life and death, and the resurrection and ascension of our Lord, ih presbytery earnestly urge ni>on Mr. Strong that in future uUcraaeot hm ":asBert> maintain and defend'1 theao'esscntia.! Sat V ms the ministers of oar church have solemnly bound themselves to do. Toe Kcv. A. Yule said he begged to second tho amendment of ilr. Rcntoul, and at the same time 'would endeavor to give some of the reasons which had led him to do so. At the outset lie' bad to say that, as a member of the committee, be thought that body ought to bo thanked, because thcyhad spent a v;ist amount- of thought and I time upon the report. With regard to the propo sition that Mr. Murdoch Mac lonatd made at the end of his motion, that they should obtain a con ference, it sccraca to him to be too late for that now. if Mr. Strong was anxious to give his views at any time, he could do so as a member of the court. He could have done so that day, and on the last occasion of the meeting might have 6&id; something which would have obviated the necessity of the present investigation. For a conference of the kind proposed by Mr. Macdonald he (Mr. Yule) had now no heart. If it were in- tetraed to charge Mr. Strong with a libel, r. con ference would he necessary as the first step in that direction. lie hoped it was cot now meant by any of them to do that, and that was one of the reasons why he thonght the matter should not have bccu raised, inasmuch as he did not think they would be able to Itfoye that the article would show anything /which they could formulate into a distinct pro- pogalasa libel. They should have had some- , thing more distinct, and lie therefore felt the difficulty of the position, although at tho same time ho did not regret that thcyhad been brought into it. It was likely the matter would come to a crisis some time or another, aud if it came in a waythey did not like, they must not shirk their responsibility. For his part he did not desire the investigation, and ho hoped also, he was free from any personal jealousies or anomosilies. Ho had only taken up a position in supporting tho rather strong motion of Air. llcntoul, because ho could not do otherwise. When he first began to read thearticlc, there was one thing advorted to in it which ho tried to do. Air. Strong had said it was of the greatest importance, in order to understand a man s writing, that his stand point should bo understood. Ho (Mr. Yule) endea vored to understand Dir. Strong3 stand-point, and he had how to ask what was the point frcru which the article was written. Tho language used in tho committee's report had been commented upon, and he had to say that they used the word "socra" because they (lid not feel it their duty to pro sounco judicially, but simply to point out what tho article, in their opinion, seemed io teach, leav ing it for the prc.-bylmy to pronounce, fn look ing for a stand point from which tho article wis written, he (Mr. Yule) naturally selected that of orthodox', but, as lie read, he confessed it did not work. Ho next looked for other stand points, aud be hud at last to conclude that the liaur or Hegelian philosophy was taught from tho cominencmeut of the first sentence to the close of the article. Tho sentence alluded in in the first paragraph of tbo report was, he thought, on the whole, the worst sentence iu the article, because it wan one wbich it was impossible to reconcile with an orthodox construction of the article. If root meant soil— as somebody said — it might bo true just as if essonco might mean form. Hut root did not zncan soil, aud essence did not mean form ; and in his (Mr. Yule's) opinion tho article in sub stance, language and thought was out ami out Hegelian and of the school of tho Baur and Tu bingen doctrines. He did not blame Dir. Strong for writing under a dogmatic bias, for in a re viewer that was not a crime, nor did ho impnte to hjm any moral obliquity in that respect. He attributed tho most of the Hegelian doctrine in the article to Mr. Strongs early education. He (Mr. Yule) acknowledged the greatness in many respects of Br. Cajrd, of . trjasftpw, but lie could not conceal from himself the fact that in many respects tbo influence lie exercised on many of the younger clergy was of a baneful character. The Rev. Mr. Siobbr. protested against the use of the word " baneful." Mr. Yule proceeded to state that a pnpil of a great teacher would almost unconsciously adopt that teacher's language and ideas without see ing to what they might lead. He did not wish to nave a narrowed church, but would like to sac it open to all wlio believed in Christian doctrines, lie loved liberty, but he could not hcjp remem bering thai in that name terrible crimes had been done and, iu the present age, he did not like to see men with torches parading about amongst combustible matter. It was his desire, as far as possible, to absolve Dir. Strong, but this contro versy which he had caused was a miserable thing, and ho conceived it io he their duty in all brotherly feeling, to exhort and advise him to avoid the anise of it in the future. He could believe that Mr. Strong had gone into the whole matter to save men from the spirit of materialistic atheism so prevalent in this city, and whilst he sympathised in that object he could not help saying that lie lmd doubts about tbo wisdom of what he had done. He did not believe that he was an adherent of Ediirism or Hegelianism, but he believed he was with the church ; but, iu bis opinion, up tc- a cer tain point, he bad been guilty of inconsistency. He could not help remarking, in conclusion, that he had been astonished to hear Dir. StoLb# say, " History excludes tho supernatural; which be- longs to tho sphere of faith." That, in his opinion, was worse than the wholo articio which bad appeared in tho FiWoWun Review. The Rev. Mr. Stobbs said that was not what ho bad said. At this stage it was pointed out that the pres bytery bad to meet in the evening for the indue- tionof the llev. T. M. Weir, and the suggestion was made that thcprcsbylery&houM; adjourn, any further notice of amendments to lie handed iu, so that members might be acquainted with their nature. Tho Rev, Groundwater Fraser gave notice of bis intentiou to move- That the presbytery thanks the committee for their patient investigation of the mutter reunited to ibeni ; that whilst the presbytery regrets thatoceariou should have been given for serious doubts and difficulties re garding the soundness of Mr. Strong's utterances in his articio ou the atonement, yet, inasmuch as Hie comihittco havo reported that the "article consists id three parts, and in none of these parts does the writer give a systematic statement of bis own views of the atonement, or contradict in categoric:;! propo sitions and express terms the doctrine of the atone- meat contained iu the confession of faith, Bud the larger and shorter catechism, the presbytery deems it inexpedient to travel further in tho matter; at the same time tho presto - tery takes this opportunity of setting forth the doc trines of the church regarding tbc topics under dis cussion, namely: — 1st, tho scriptures of liiu Old anil New Testaments aro given bv in spiration of God to bo the rule of f.-uth and life. 2ud. The authority of the lloly Scrip tures, for which it ought to bo believed and 'obeyed, depends not upon the testimony of an v man or church, but wholly upon God (who is truth itself), the author thereof, aud, therefore, it is to bo received, because it is the word of God. — Confession of faith, cli. 1, see. iv. 3rd. In the unity of God there be three persons in one substance, power aud eternity— God the Father, God the Son and God the JIolv Ghost— eh. 1 1 , >uc. lib 4th. Tho Lord Jesus, by his perfect nhcrticnco and sacrifice of himself, which lie, through tho Eternal Spirit, once offered up unto God, hath fuliv satiriivd the justice of his Father, aud purchased, mit otdy re conciliation, but an everlasting inheritance iu the Kingdom of Heaven, for all there whom their Father hath given unto Him.— Chap, e, see. v. Finally, in discharging the committee (at their own requer-t) tlio presbytery uxpre#scs tho bono that this discussion will he overruled, for tho maintenance of that un ity of doctrine set forth in our standards to which v.'c have all pledged ourselves to maintain and defend. The Rev. J. Batlantyno said it was his in tention to movo : — Thai tho presbytery approve of tho report in its general tenor, and (hank it ami discharge it. They find, lit— That while the report shows that stale- moots of a doubtful doctrinal character occur in the article on the atonement by the Rev. Charles Strong, in tho Victorian Rcvicic, it docs not set (onh that raid article contains any positive affirmations that are at variur.ee with the sraudard of the church, 2nd. That it is a urn tier of regret that t ho article re ferred to should apparently be so wanting in clearne.,.% fullness and explicit ncss statement, on the cardinal doctrine of which it treats, as held by this church, as to give occasion for uneasiness or alarm oti t he pa rt of many of its ministers and people. 3rd. That iu the absence of explanations from Jlr. Strong ou the points in question, it may he difficult to remove tlio doubts which have bccu awakened as to his soundness in tlio faith, and his loyalty to the standards of the church, and that therefore it is deemed an act of brotherly re gard respectfully to suggest whether it bo not- due to hit character and position as a minister of the church, as well as to his brethren and the churches at large, to offer such explanation as will, if possible, accomplish this desirable cnj. Finally, the presbytery taking into consideration toe extent to which teichiug of an unsettled tendency prevail in various suctions of tho Christian Church at tho present time, deem it opportune to express the conviction that it is incum- bent on them to sec to it that thoy give no uncertain sound iu proclaiming and deicndm.r tho central doc trine of our venerated i'aiLli that. Christ died for our sins, according to tho scriptures, a vi hiutary and vicarious sacrifice, thn3 making atonement. The presbytery adjourned at a quarter to six o'clock until the following mornin;pit ten a. in. 