(Several JntelliMUXt A telegram in the Evening News from Shoal- haven dated Thursday says ; — Information was received by the police of the skeleton remains of a man lying.between Jervis Bay, Tamarang, and the Braidwood road, not far from the saw- yer's track, near Pepper's selection. The police proceeded to the spot, about 13 miles from "Nowra, and found all the bones, complete ; the skull was broken apparently with an axe. The body must have been lying there about three months. The deceased appeared to be a young ; man, very sound teeth, well developed, light hair. He had trousers on when lie met his death. J. lie native nogs aim omer repines prcyeu tin iis flesh, so that the bones were quite bare. There was a bundle near him containing blank ets and tie,, and his hoots were not of a kind generally U6ed, having very heavy nails in1 the bottom, and a patch on one of the boots, repaired by a novice ; he had a common,. knife, and from the sharp cuts on the hoots must have been a " squarer " or. shipwright, An inquest was held yesterday (Tuesday) i)0for the coroner J. 51. Richards Esq. Dr. Matthew's evidence proves beyond a doubt that the unfortunate man was murdered by an axe, as the mark can be distinctly seen where the 6harp blade entered The body was found in a small brush where there are no overhanging trees, and the remains of a camp is yisible made of imddawnng ferns, which had been cut with a knife. A verdict of wilful murder was returned against some person or persons unknown. The matter has created a great sensation here. An old newspaper dated last October was found with the deceased. The road near where the remains were found is used by sawyers and others in drawing timber for shipment. The police are on the alert. After the proceedings at the Penshurst Court on Thursday had terminated (says the Hamil ton Spectator) a man named Phillip Kelly, who been remanded on a charge of having no visible mean of support, was found to be the possessor of no less a sum than £101 18s. in hard cash. The money was found secreted on his person in two hags made out of old stockings, rule containing £98 in soveiigns, and the other £3 16s. in silver. Under ordinary circumstances the prisoner would have been searched before going into court, but in this case he had been brought in from a distance, and delayed the opening of the court until a late hour. It is needless to say, that had the plant been dis- cy vered beforehand, such a charge would not have been laid. Prisoner was supposed to be demented, and during his remand is to be medi cally examined to see if ho is a fit subject for Ararat. 5Jit. Fry, of New York, being an invalid was unable to go to the Opera, amuses himself by having the pieces transmitted to him by tele phone. Not only does he hear the music and singing, but he distinctly hears the prompter. Between the acts his room is invaded by a clat tering sound, which represents the chatter of the house, the boys calling " Books of the Opera," and the carpenters hammering awny. . The so prano voices sound rn'her shrill through the tele phone, ami ladies with soprano voices will do Avell not to make the telephone the medium of their communications- with managers. The duo between Faust and .Marguerite in Mefistofele " was especially enjoyable by wire At the end of the performance three calls for the actors were distinctly audible. In ever body in arrears with their towns people pay their debts like what the Judge has ordered William Roberts of Lermington to do, they might make their miserable lives happy. Roberts it appears who is a builder, compounded with his creditors, and a composition of 3s. in the £1 was accepted to he paid in notes jointly signed by himself and a Mr. W. G, Grove within a month of the registering of the resolution. Mr. Grove forwarded a crossed cheque in due course to Messrs. James Denstou and Co., who were amongst the creditors, but tliey rejected it on the ground that it was not in conformity with the resolution. They therefore brought an notion against Roberts for the whole amount. The Judge held that the plaintiffs were technically right, but marked his sense of the proceeding by ordering the defendant to Dav the debt hv in- sshnents of Id, per month. It will take upwards of 290 years to pay the account. Forty years ago a young mas named Thomas Griggs was 41 engaged" to Elizabeth Goodyear, hut a debilitating illness overtook the bride elect which so conipletly prostrated her that she took to her bed and kept it for eight and thirty years! Diiring this long period of time, assisted by the guardians, and by a small fund at her disposal, she maintained herself by needleand fancy work. In the meanwhile Thomas Griggs waited pa tiently for his Elisabeth, hut in 1865, dispniring of his, he led another young woman to Eliza beths bedside, ami received from her full per mission to marry this fresh aeqnaintance.Thomas forthwith married, but after five years of wedded life he became and remained a widower until tliis year, when Eliznbeth Goodyear, restored to health, walked into the parish church of Moulton Lincolnshire, and was duly married to her old sweetlierrt. It appears that a few months hack she became conscious of a slight return of st rengh and from feeble efforts to leave her bed, and druggie across the room 6he gained power to pass her door, that the old subject of matrimony was revived hy Thomas Griggs, that Elizabeth 'was willinsr. that banns U'PTP nnhliaiia.l nnri ihat she is now the wife of her early and only " love." The Mount Alexander Mail states that a starved out selector from the rabbit country in the Lower Avoca arrived inlnglewood in Saturday evening en route to liis old farm in a more southern por tion of the colony. His waggon was loaded up with wire lie had taken out of his fences, and he said he could live there no long<r, the rabbits having devoured everything. He states several of liiB neighbours nre about acting ns he had done. The Colac Herald records s curious illustration of the u.ps and downs of fortune : — " A poor swagrnan, who begged sufficient flour to make a damper on which to make his morning meal at a station near Colac, was on his arrival in the. township informed by a letter which awaited him at the post office, that by the death of his father he was heir to a large estate and a con siderable property in Cape Colony, in South Africa. Enclosed in the letter was a bank draft to fit him out for Iris voyage home. The lucky person, whoso name is Duvall. was at one time well off at the Cape, having made n large sum of money at the diamonds-fields. He came out to Victoria, hut he and his money soon parted, and the natural sequence was that he had to carry his swag.1' enkard — not merely "a person charged with having been drunk" — was (says a Ballarat exchange locked up in the city watchhouse. Ibis individual drank like the Dane, "pottless cop - For 10 days he had averaged 20 pints of beer per diem, a total of 200 pints or 25 gal lons, at a cost of £3 6s. 8d., of which the addi tional cost of the " juice of the sheoak" must be given in consequence of the beer tax. IIolloway's Pills. — The chief Wonder of pioaern times. — This incomparitable medicine increases the appetite, strengthens the 8 omach cleanses the liver, corrects biljiousness, prevents fjatuency, purifies the system, invigor- ates the nerves, and reinstates sound health. The enormous demand for these Pills throughout the globe astonishes everybody, and a single trial convinces the most sceptical that no medicine equals IIolloway's Pills in its ability to remove all complaints incidental to tho human race. They are a blessing to the afflicted, and a boon to all that labour under internal or external disease. The purification of the blood, removal of all restraint from the secretive organs, and gentle aperitive action are the prolific sources, iof the extensive curative range of Rolloway's Pills. . The Octopus. — In his excursion in the Medi terranean, Sir Granville -Temple states that these terrible creatures of enormous size sometimes prey upon men and gives an account of an un fortunate captain who, when bathing felt his feet In the grasp of one of these animals. He tried to disengage it with his other leg, but this was immediately seized by another of the mon ster's arms. He then with his hands endeavoured to free himself, and those in succession were firmly grasped. When assistance at last arrived the poor man was found drowned, with all his limbs strongly bound together by this monster, and in water scarcely four feet deep. vltrlol-throwing is still a popular diversion in the home life of France. The PariB papers have long accounts of one of the most recent out rages of this kind. An oyster dealer after serv ing a largo restaurant iif the Champs Elysees nolrni n utnirfucc fn iiVAnlrf itci1 ivitl) hnn til tllG eating room. They were at the table when a highly excited woman who had been watching outside burst in and reproached the man with linving nhnndoned her and a young child. He stammered excuses. She took a bottle out of her pocket, and flung the contents at hiin and the oyster girl. They uttered piercing screams. The wniter rushed forward and held the woman's hand. She tried to push him off, and in the struggle fejl. The vitriol remaining in the bottle went over her face. The corrosive action was frightful. The average price per acre for all land alien ated for the last five years it» £1 Is. 5d. During that time 4.655,508 acres have been sold in Riverina at an average price of £1 Is. 2£d a Government survey of Spencer's Gulf is talked about. The estimated expense it a little under £3000. There are 2268 deeds in the Registrar-Gener als office not yet indexed. New South Wales has 635.641 acres under crop : Victoria. 1,688,275 acres ; and South Aus tralia, 2,271058 acres, or about 600,000 more acres than Victoria, and about 1,600,000 acres more than New South /Wales. Alderman John Young's proposal to pull down the George-street markets and Central Police Court, and throw the space open to the public as a street or enclosed square, was not adopted by the CU3' Council, for the reason that the Council would have lost a large revenue by the removal of the markets. The Panama Canal shares are being taken up rapidly in France and _ Spain, but English capitalists display more caution. Mr. Willon, one of the members for the . Murray , says tliac 11 tne resoiiiiiou lornie aouii- of interest were carried a squatter in his district who owned 30,000 acres would receive £3000 a year from the Government. He had received letters from squatters when he was a candid ate, asking him if lie could not support this pro posal. . The Toronto Globe of the 17tli says, since the formation of the new Syndicate 10,000,000. dols, have been subscribed in England for the Cana dian Pacific railroad, and it is now certain that the whole amount of the capital for the con struclion of the road can he obtained. The plau has been somewhat modified owing to the hostil ity of the opposition. A curious explosion is reported I13 the Wes- tern Advocate. An employee at Mr. M'Nab's cooperage at Orange was preparing to cooper a whisky cask, and, when exnming the bnnghole it suddenly 'exploded with a report like a cannon which was heard for a considerable distance. The top of the cask was forced out, a port'ou flying up to the roof and forcing a hole in the iron. Another piece struck the man on the forehead with the pointed edge, inflicting rn ugly wound. The injured man was taken to the hospital. As he was smoking at the time, it is believed a spark from his pipe fell through the bunghole and ignited gas generated in.the cask. The members of the betting ring (according to the Belfast. Gazette had a disastrous day on Friday at the Geelong racecourse. The favour- . rite horsis in the six events on the programme won their races, and the bookmakers received a : very -severe blow. Their losses in the saddling paddock on Friday are estimated ae £8000. One of the bookmakers, who was unable to meet his engagements was mobbed, and rather roughly handled. H8 was glad, with the assistance of the police, to escape from his assailants, aiid effect a precipitate retreat from the course. The Argus of Tuesday states that William Goodwin, who has recently completed a term of imprisonment in Pentridge, has made a claim upon the government for compensation for t he loss of an eye by an nccident while stone break ing in gaol. Having been in the hospital a con siderable time, he complains that he was notable to gain the marks he would otherwise been cre dited with, and in consideration of which a certain sum of money would have been paid him on his discharge. On the other baud, it ispointed out that he received a remission of three months of his sentence in consideration of the loss of his eye. The matter lias been referred tothe Chief Secretary's department. On Saturday (snys the Dnbbo Dispatch), while a shepherd, in the employ of Mr.T. A. White of the Mudgee Road, was out with some sheep, lie discovered the body of a man lying on the ground. There ivns nothing hut a shirt on the corpse. Previous to finding the body he saw a coat about a hundred yards from the spot. A man was with it, who said to him' "I am getting rather anxious about my mate. He went to bed on Thursday evening under the cart, and I had niy bed near this tree. I got up early next morning, and called ' Ned (the only name I knew him by). As lie didn't, answer T Weill rwor nnrl liii-Mprl the coverlid of his bed and found lie was not there. Ab he said the night before that he would have to go into Dubbo toget two water-casks, ns there was 110 water where we were cninpcd, I thought he had gone in for that purpose, but as he has not returned I am getting. rather anxious about him," The impression is that the man left hie camp at night unwell, and dropped dead where he was found, Mr. James' Belaud identi fied the man as one who had agreed with liiin to to sink a tank. Dr. Tibbits held and inquest, and a verdict of, " Death from natural causes" was returned. The deceased was a stranger about Dubbr,. but fron a receipt for a horse found in his pocket, it is believed his name was Edward Green. A German inventor has got a patent for manu facturing artificial teeth from paper. Mr. Gladstone completed his 71st year on the 29th December last. M. Gambetta says of his countrymen, " Vio lent words and moderate deeds are necessary for the government of the French people." Seargeant Anderson, of Albury, having rea son to believe that Cummings, a lodger at the Border City Hotel, was a man 011 whom a legal document had to be served, requested an inter view with him. Cummings asked to he ex cused for a few miuutes, and making for the Murray river plunged in and was drowned. AN advocate of cremation urged aBone great point in its favour that it would save a dead person from being buried alive. Mr. J. Ruddock lias purchased Glencoe Sta tion in South Australia for £250,000, TnE London correspondent of the Manchester Wrelcly Times writes : — The revival of " The Corsican Brothers" at the Lyceum Theatre has turned out what might have been expected — a great success : although even the superb mount ing and the fine acting of Mr. Irving cannot dis guise what a poor play it is. The rush for seats last Saturday was something tremendous, I passed the theatre at 2 o'clock in tho afternoon, and saw ladies sitting on camp stools onuide the pit door, waiting for the opening al halfpast 6, and I was told tliey had been there since noon. All this week there has been almost as mnch eagerness displayed to get in, and I believe that every seat is booked for weeks in advance. The ' scenery of the piece has cost the lesse no less than £2000, and he has in addition gone to whatlcannot but call needless extravagance, put ting up a magnificent silk velvet curtain, which lias" cost £1000. The piece will no doubt have a long run, not owing to its merits, but mainly because of the supernatural element introduced into it, the experience of the past few nights having shown that people like to have their feelings harrowed by melodramatic ghost stories. So determined was Ada Deyo,' a young lady of Kingston, N. Y., of wealth and education, to marry an illiterate, coal black negro servant of her uncle's that when all the ministers in the vicinity- refused to tie the unholy knot she ac complished her ends by the application of burnt cork and frizzing irons. Miss Pinneo, the young lady of Colorado who came before the public during last season ns an equestrienne, lias '-recently issued a challenge to the world for a 20 mile race, to be ridden early next season, for a J.0,000dols wager. In giving her challenge to the Press, she takes exception to Miss Jewett, the Minnesota rider, who has so far proved Miss Pinneo's successful rival, snj-iiig UJUL ttlie lUlU ail UUMCltlUIIIUIIIg 1UI UIC nctlWOIl with the gambling fraternity throughout the country, who contrived to have her win by the substitution of thoroughbred horses for the or dinal animals agreed upon and 'by numerous, other devices. The past season resulted in financial loss. Nevertheless, Miss Pinneo is not dishearteued, and she announces a deter mination to spend the next season in the saddle. She is anxious to have Miss Jewett once more as n competitor ; but that lady has not. yet signified lieracceptanceof the challenge although she has had quite sufficient time to make response Miss Fannie Louise Buckingham has written in . reply to the Pinneo banter that she will ride for lOOOdol. but not for the sum designated lij' the Colorndn equestrienne. A reply to the challenge accepting it without modification, has been re ceived from a Miss Nellie Curtiss, of Topeka,- Kan. The probabilities are that the race will be run in Denver in May or June next, and Miss Pinneo's friends declare that if Miss Curtiss can beat 5Iiss Pinneo in Colorado she can take lOO.OOOdol. back with her to Kansas. Miss Pin neo's father will import several thoroughbred horses from Kentucky for the race. 51iss Pinrieo is spending the winter at her home in Greeley, where she is said to live a quiet and retired life. It seems probable that a new sport will be addod to the list ; -by these heroines of endurance and skill in horsewomanship. 