LOYAL MEADOWS LODGE. The annual picnic, entertainment, &c;, in connection with the Meadows Lodge, I.O.O-F, M.U., came off very- successfully on Wednesday, Kovember 9. The weather ia the morning was anything but cheery,: being cold and gloomy; but in the course of the day the clouds cleared off and' the afceraooa was very pleasant, though the wind was a little too plentiful and cold. The Meadows is a lovely spot: at this time of the year revelling in luxu riant vegetation, aud we were not surprised to see a large number of holiday makers from all quarters of the district, and from Adelaide and the Fort. The scenery around is charming, and the paddock kindly lent by Mr. Ooleman affords special facilities for a thorough, enjoyment of out door sports, be the weather hoc or cold, the noble gums affording ample shelter. Tbe oddfellows at the Meadows are a re markably healthy lot, la*t year's sick pay being something quite nominal ; hence the Lodge U in a prosperous condition. A year ago they opened their new Hall free of debt, and this year they have added a magnificent; piano by Bluthner at a cost of £05, tbe most of which will be cleared off by the preserA festivities. Next year we hope to see the Hall plastered and ceiled, as this militates very much against the acoustic properties and appearance of the room. On this occasion the Brothers in good number assembled in the morning, and headed by the Southern Star Brass Baud marchea to the ground where every provision was made for a dayVthorough enjoyment. Mr. Goleman had a booth lor* the supply of drinkables, and at other commodious booths, presided over by Mesdaines Brown, Brooks, Ellis (2), Maidment, and a host of young ladies, refreshments of a more solid and substan tial description were supplied all through the day. By. a very wise regulation no cheap Jacks or other vendors were allowed on the ground, the Committee undertaking the task of catering to the public, and' giving full satisfaction by. their ample arrangements, even to the extent of lollies for the syveet ' toolha. The Committee, consisting of Messrs. T. B. Brook, J. Catt, E. and G. Ellis, W. Harper, S. Jones, J. Morris, G. Alaidment, C. JJottage, W. Pearson, F. W. Vickery, and D. Wright, are deserving of compliment for the ex cellent way ia which the . whole of the day's programme was carried out, every one doing something to add to the general success. The ball of competition was set rolling very soon after the arrival on the ground, and kept rolling all the day. . ihe various events were watched, with ereat interest by the greater proportion of tbe picnicians, some few taking strolls — -mostly uncouples— amongst the noble trees at band. The Brass Band drew: crowds during the day, the light and airy music inspiring many with a desire to step it out on the heath, and rings, were fre quently formed to watch those so inspired; gratifying their senses. Games of various kinds besides those named below were also freely indulged in, and altogether we should say a truly happy day was spent by every one present. The following is the official list of events, with the names of the winners : — . ? . ? Quoit match. Entrance «d. First prize 12s 6d, II tinerdn. Go-as-you- please for half an hour. Entrance Is 6d. First £1, E Johnson, second 10s, Potter Uens' fittrao 200 yarda. Entrance Is. First 10s, D Jarvis, sacond 5i, J Hoobin. Hens' hurdle race over 4 hurdles 4 feet high, 220 yardB. Entrance Is. .First 103, J Hoobin, second 6-. DJarWs. . ,. Banning highjamp. : Entrancj Is. First 10s, L Guerrin, second 6s. T Hoobin. Standing hig-h jump. Entrance Is. First 10s, L Goers in, second &, J Hoobin. boys' half mile race under 16 Entrance 64. First 73, G ponni thome, second 3 i 6 1, M Coolon. ,' Mens'eRg&iid;&poon; race 50 yardi. Eatr&ncs; 6d. First 6s, T Lang. ? ? Bo j-«' eg? and spoon racs 5) yards. Entrance 6d. First &j.; W Haddy* seco, d 2a, P Ellis. Tilting match. . Entrance Is. Wast 10?, T O'Lougiiliu (7 out of 12), second 5s, J Brogan (6 out of 12). Wheel '.arrow race '00 yards blindfjld. Entrance 3d. Pcizss divided batweea E ilogin, 51 Conlin and another. The tilting match was made a little more interesting by the competitor haviug to strike an apple stuck on the top of an upright, some forty or fifty yards in ad vance of the tilting ring. Long after the sports were over the' people roamed, about and enjoyed tliein . selves as their, inclinations * directed them, the Band monopolising the greatest amount of attention, and at dusk a general move was made .homewards and to the HalL where The Entebtainmkst wa« to be given in the evening, by lady and gentleman amateurs. Long before the announced time of commencing, the Hall was densely packed, and numbers bad to be satisfied with an outside ticket which they could pay for or not as they chose f The Hall was nicely decorated with flowers and evergreens by the Misses Lang, Hollamby, and others, and looked as nice as one could expect, with unplas tered walls and no ceiling. Mr. E. J. Tucker, J.P., Mayor of Strathalbyn, pre sided, and fter a few complimentary re marks, called on the first line of the pro gramme, a piano piece by Miss Schultz, which being well played, made it manifest to the company present that their piano was an instrument of sweet, nvellowtone, prompt, and full action, and a most valuable ac quisition. This was followed by a song by Miss Bradley, ' No! Sir,' well sunjr. Mr. Dilks came next with a song, '-Grandmother's Chair,' which was re- demanded. 'The Flower Girl,' in character, by Miss Mackenzie, followed and was loudly encored. The pretty but mournful duet, ' How sad it is to say Farewell !' was the next number— very nicely sung by Misses Wilson and King. A comic song, « Bank Holiday ' by Mr. Lloyd met with an encore, ' Ridiug on a Railroad Keer'1 being substituted. One of the nicest sonep of the eveniu' was the next line, « Home of my. heart,' sweetly eung by Miss King. The first part was concluded with a comic duet, 11 Money Matters,' by Miss Mackenzie and Mr. Dilks— the last verse having to be repeated. After a short interval another overture was played by Alias Bradley, followed by a comic sonK in character by Miss ^ Mackenzie, entitled ' Hotber the Men,1' with such effect as to necessitate a repetition. Mr. Dilks came after with a comic song, 'If I only knew how it was done*;1 and another sweet song by Miss King— *« Across the Sea;1' and the beautiful song ' Wbeu sparrows build.' well rendered by Miss Bradley closed tbe second part. ' Joe's Ghost ' was the title ol the farce that followed, Mr. Marston taking the character of ' Bos,' Mr Lloyd that of ?* Toby,' and Mr. F. Ellis the ' Ghost.' For about half an hour the audience were kept in roars of laughter, and then ' God Save the Queea' closed the entertainment after the usual vote of thanks had been heartily carried. The Hall was then cleared for The Ball, which was kept up with great spirit, till daylight, the only complaint being that the Hall was too small for the number that stayed. The whole of the programme was thus gone through very successfully, and everyone was delighted with the days and night's proceedings. 