LAUNCES PUN EXAMINE k. [PUBLISHED DAILY. I THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1881. AssUIcNGo that when the last census returns have been completed it will be found that the population of Tasmania is 116,000, it will show an increase of about 16 per cent. on the census of 1870. But it is a well known fact that for at least four or five years after that time our population did little more than maintain its ground, so that nearly the whole of the increase now apparent may be said to be due to the last four or five years, and is fairly attributable to the development of the mining industry. This colony passed through a long period of depres sion, but the turn came at length, and we believe that the wave of prosperity that has now set in this direction is likely to continue. In discussing the results of the census of South Australia the Advertiser remarks :-"With regard to State immigration we are partly indebted to that for our growth of popu lation. Previous to the initiation of the Boucaut policy free immigration had been stopped for years, and there were few immigrants who did not come here en* tirely at their own expense. The great accession to our numbers from this source has taken place during the last half of the decade. Altogether the free and assisted immigrants during the last ten years will not exceed about 22,000. Our excess of births over deaths in 1880 was 6350. The census of 1871 showed a population of 188,995, so that it would be fair to take say 4650 as the mean annual increase by excess of births over deaths during the ten years, thus making a total increase of 46,500. Add to this 22,000 free and assisted immigrants, and there is a total of 68,500. The total increase of population in the decade is 93,989, thus showing an addition to our population to the extent of over 25,000, independently of Government expendi. ture and natural increase. In other words, we have kept in the colony all our natural increase, all our Government im migrants, and have also attracted 25,000 persons who came as voluntary immi grants on their own resources. In com parison with these facts what a picture does Victoria present. She has not only received no net addition to her popula tion from abroad, but has not kept her own people. The increase to our population in the decade is 50 per cent., that of New South Wales 48, and that of Victoria 17 per cent. The excess of births over deaths in Victoria during the 10 years was 145,000, but the population only increased by 124,000, and the question is asked What is become of the 21,000 1 It seems that an enormous exodus from Victoria has been going on overland. The official estimate of the population previous to the census being taken turned out to be 70,000 above the reality. The estimate was based on the excess of births over deaths, and presumably upon the returns of passengers by sea inwards and outwards, and the conclusion therefore seems to be irresistible that the working men the Berry party have been bamboozling so long have by thousands, in fact by myriads, passed over the Victorian borders into New South Wales and South Aus tralia, while many have pushed on into Queensland." I a recent issue of the Nineteenth Centoury Mrs Surr contributes a very interesting paper upon " The Child Criminal." She asks what we shall do with the youthful law-breaker. Her query is not, how shall we most severely punish the young offender 7 but rather, what are the best means to be taken to 1 secure his reformation ? No one will C deny that a comfortable home and a good n mother "are the indispensable require- B ments of a young child, in order that it o1 may grew up virtuous, well-behaved, and V respectable ;" but, unfortunately, our w ranks of juvenile criminals are recruited re from the homes of vice, and are the re offspring of dissolute parents. In order 1 to supply the absence of the necessary k agencies alluded to, Mrs Surr proposes 'I that at a very early age the children 2 should he placed under the care of g respectable women, who would pro- c vide for them the atmosphere of v home, and 'whose interest in the growth v and progress of the little one would a develop into a feeling of affection, al- i most certain to be r6turned by the child. She proposes that plain family homes t should be provided by the State and be controlled by well educated and compe- 1 tent women. The suggestion is worth attention, as in this colony, as elsewhere, the problem is pressing for solution. Mrs Surr's remarks would, of course, mainly apply to destitute children, but they \- would in a measure answer also for little criminals who have passed a period of probation in a reformatory. There are m many and grave objections against herd r ing a number of children together in one x large establishment, and equally strong arguments in favour of providing some I home associations for their early years. THE COMET.-From observations taken \- by iMr A. B. Biggs, we learn that mea sures for position taken last evening gave as a close approximation, for R.A. 5h. T7m., and for S. Dec. 18deg. 48min. The earliest measures we have of it give R.A. 5h. Om. 16s.,andDeclinationS. 33deg. ° 40kmin. on 26th ult. Those who have access to a celestial globe would do well to mlark these positions upon it by means of a fine pointed brush and bright water l colour. They might also at the same time mark its position for last Sunday evening, R.A. 5h. 6km., S. Dec. 24deg. 4min. it They will by this means perceive that its n apparent course is almost at right angles to the ecliptic, and that it leads through the constellation of Orion, and will pass close by the bright star Rigel, in which position d it will probably be about Sunday next, 11 setting, however, too early to be visible. It will be on the meridian at noon to-day, rising in the south-east at 4"52 a.m., and se setting at a quarter past 7 p.m. NORTHERN FINANCE COsMiMITTEE.-The Northern Finance Committee of the a Diocesan Church Society met on Monday ie last. Present-The Vaen. Archdeacon Hales (in the chair), Rev. Canon Adams, 'P Revs. A. Wayn and J. Chambers; Messrs SW\V. Barnes, J. Sinclair, Archer, G. Eddie, rs F. Belstead, and B. Shaw. After prayer the minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed. It was decided that the salaries for May should be paid. Mir F. Belstead's motion was considered, and it was resolved that in future the Committee meetings should be held at 3 p.m. on the first Monday in each month. The Secre tary was instructed to acknowledge the receipt from the Committee of the Church Society of £5 grant in aid for 1881 (being the second and making a total of £175), Is and to express the thanks of the Com se mittee for the same is BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. -- The usual it weekly meeting of the committee was held at the Town Hallyesterday afternoon. Pre sent-Messrs. E. L. Ditcham (chairman), st Baker, Farrelly, Ellis, Tulloch, Babington, ir M. Tyson, Stephenson, Birchall, and the in Secretary. The minutes of the last meet of ing were read and confirmed, and the weekly relief roll was called over. Two to applications for relief were considered and ad granted. ThelSecretary announced that nt four persons who had been the recipients of relief had been struck off the books during the week. The Treasurer an 'e nounced the receipt of £1 Is from Mr A. re M. Milligan. Mr Farrelly reported that at in accordance with the wish of the Com to mittee he had written to the former em of ployers of the girlJulia Morley, whose case was mentioned at the last meeting, and had le received a reply stating that she had con to ducted herself well, but had been induced ly to go to Launceston, but her subsequent u- conduct had been such that they could not take her back again. The Chairman he said that he believed that if some bene en volent persons would interest themselves sw on the girl's behalf she would turn out n well. One gentleman had promised to try and do something for the girl, and he at the Chairman) would do the same. An ce application having been made for some he wood by an old man, Mr Farrelly called ed attention to the system in vogue in Hobart ill where the leading wood merchants sent a supply to the depot, and the old men who of received aid were employed to cut it up. he FOOTA.LL IN hfELIOURNE.--A Melbourne of journal remarks that the excitement ke in connection with the game of football in that city reaches its climax when the by Melbourne and Carlton Clubs meet. he During the summer recess no opportunity of is lost by either side in securing the best 3d available talent. Matches with other Calubs are no doubt interesting to the im mediate supporters of snch, but immense of numbers attend for the sole purpose of 9, judging the play, and thereby forming an tr opinion as to the relative merits of the '0 Melbourne and Carlton players. Last season Carlton was the premier Club of i- Victoria, but since then Melbourne has er been considerably strengthened. Last or Saturday, when the Clubs met for the . first time this season, was no exception to 30 the rule, as there were 12,000 spectators on the Mielbourne Cricket Ground, despite l the unfavourable weather. Lamrock was n. the Melbourne captain, while Carlton was re commanded by Robertson. Some good Sand exciting play was shown during the first half, at the end of which the game a- stood :-Carlton, two goals (kicked by er Conway and Brooks) six behinds; Mel , bourne, two goals (kicked by Baker and Power) three behinds. When the s bell was rung the M?elbourne twenty, it ignoring the weather, made a prompt ap as pearance on the ground. The Carlton is players, however, procrastinated for 20 3, minutes, and then when their opponents had got thoroughly soaked with the rain d they sallied forth fresh and dry to \- renew the play. By this time the s ground had become quite sloppy, and a ia further display of good football was out of the question. The metropolitans, how ever, notwithstanding their drenching e played forward nmanfully, and carried 0 everything before them. During the s greater part of this portion of the game it was too dark to distinguish the indi ' vidual players, and all that could be f noted was that Melbourne scored two , more goals (kicked by Macdonald and a Stiffe) and a behind to two behinds by Carlton. The match thus resulted in a e decided win for the metropolitans by four o goals and two behinds to two goals and y eight behinds. One accident happened a in thie middle of the game. Frayne when making a run collided with M'Kenzie, and injured his jaw. T?e Ero BAY JETTY.-- We learn by telegram that yesterday the steamerDevon was, for the first time in the history of SEmu Bay, enabled to berth alongside the y jetty there, and discharge cargo consist. Sing of heavy machinerly. The weather was, however, fine, and the sea calm, or r thlis could not have been accomplished with safety to either the steamer or ma Schinery. NSw COUNTRY RESIDENoE.-Mr Harry Conway has just completed the plans of a in now residence for Mr Norman Cameron, ca Bently, and the contract for the erection oC of the premises has been lot to Messrs S. es: Waugh and Son at £1800. The house co will comprise a drawing-room and dining- ap room, each 22ft. by 20ft. ; breakfast th room, 22ft. by 16ft.; four bedrooms about de 16ft. square, besides servants' bedroom, th kitchen, office, bath-room, pantry, etc. or There will also be a hall loft. by em 20ft. All the rooms will be on the pi ground floor, and the house will be 'c constructed of brick and cement. There ji will be two bay windows in front, and a a verandah will be constructed at the sides pl and front of the house. The verandah will be ornamented by pillars and brackets, p while the appearance of the exterior of al the house will be further improved by g cantilevers under the eaves. There will ' be cornices to the ceiling of the drawing, g breakfast, and dining rooms, and also to the hall. Altogether the building will make a very commodious as well as orna- b mental country residence. A NOVEL IDEA.-Beggars resort to I various devices in order to procure the f f aid they seek, but one of the most original 1 that has come under our notice was men tioned at the meeting of the Benevolent I i Society yesterday. Mr Stephenson said that an old man had called at his house 1 s carrying a Bible in one hand and a pair of spectacles in the other. He said that one I of the glasses was broken and that it was I a great trial to him not to be able to read his Bible, and concluded with a modest i e request for a few pence for the purpose of having the spectacles repaired. SUNDAY AFrERNooN SERVICES.-A e meeting of ministers and others interested was hold at Mr J. Long's residence yes a terday afternoon, to take into considera t1 lion the advisableness of holding Sunday afternoon services at the Oddfellows' Hall *r during the winter months. It was thought e such a step was necessary, as there are many mothers and servants who cannot . attend service of an evening, in addition a to which many non-church goers may be o induced to attend. It was resolved that e the work be commenced on Sunday week, e and the secretary write to those ministers n who were not in attendance, desiring t, their co-operation, and asking them to 3\. state which Sunday afternoon they had vacant. The work is to be purely un d sectarian. SYDNEY PUBLIC LIsBARY.-The report se for 1880-1 of the trustees of the Sydney is Free Public Library, which is dated 11th y March, shows that the library contains in 45,935 books, and the number of visitors s, during the year was 134,462. The lend rs ing branch, which was established with e, some diffidence in 1877, continues to grow 3r in popularity. it now contains over d 12,000 volumes, and the issues for the ei year were 37,231 volumes, while there are only 38 books missing, though this is it more than in any previous year since its is establishment. The accommodation of le the present building is totally inadequate e- to requirements, but as the Legislature ie has voted £150,000 foi he erection of a ,l new Public Library, this grievance ought ig to be removed before long. Not only the i), reference library, but also the lending n- library is open on Sundays, the hours of the latter being from 10 a. m. to 9 p.m. al on week days, and from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. Id on Sundays. During the past year the 'e- stock of the library has been increased by ), 4283 volumes. n, A TIMELY ARREST.-Yesterday evening, iso shortly after six o'clock, Constable it- M'Queen met a - woman named Eliza he Rogers in Wellington- street, carrying a vo damp counterpane over her arm. The id constable questioned the woman, and not at receiving any satisfactory reply to his its queries, he arrested her on suspicion of ks having stolen the article, and lodged her ni. in the lock-up. About three-quarters of A, an hour later he met a man named John at Francis Baker, a resident of Bathurst n- street, who was then on his way to the mi. station to report the loss of a counter se pane, which had been drying on a clothes ad line in his yard. Further investigation n- revealed the fact that the counterpane ed taken from Rogers was Baker's property, pnt the prompt action of the apprehending Id constable resulting in its recovery before an its loss became known to the owner. ie- Rogers will be brought before the Police res Magistrate this morning. ,ut HooAm INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL. - The to report for 1880 of the Hobart Industrial he School for girls, shows that on 1st Jan. in there were 39 girls in the institution. me During the year seven were admitted, ed eleven left for service, and one returned art to her mother, leaving 34 remaining on ta 31st December. The receipts for the year ho show that only £88 15s was received in . subscriptions and donations from the n_ public, exclusive of a special donationof£50 not from 41r L. Ebrenfried, the Government i11 aid amounting to £417 93 Id ; the pro. he coeds of washing and needlework of the at inmates wass £93 17s 1d,and £92 3s4d was byreceived from interestof investments upon stfixed deposit. The total receiptafrom all ser sources were £756, and the oxpenditiure m-was £672 11s Od, leaving a balance to secredit of £83 8s 3d; of which £50 was of placed at fixed deposit in the Tasmanian an Building Society, and £33 8s 3d remains he as balance in hand. The funds now atinvested amount to £1880 17s 3d. of TEuLEGAPHu'so.-Advices were received ,aat the Telegraph Office yesterday, stannouncing the restoration of communica. lhe tion on the Port Darwin Line. to WALKEuR BELLIuNOERs.-The Walker irs Combination Company of bellringers will its appear at Longford to-night, Carrick to. asmorrow night, and Evandale on Saturday, asin addition to which they will appear at adCampbell Town, Ross, and Oatlands, lie according to the programme published no elsewhere, en ro'ee to Hobart. Speakimig byof their performance at Westbury on il- Tuesday night, a correspondent states ed that they opened to a fair house; he and, notwithstanding the unfavour. able state of the weather, the per Sformance was very good, and elicited anmuch applause. They have been very 20unfortunate respecting the weather, it ta being wet upon each occasion they have in visited the township. to SYDNEY Smviwos' BANKc.-Tlse report ie for 1880 of the Government Savings' a Bank of New South W~ales shows that at during the year £457,778 13a lid was . received in deposits, and £401,730 13s mg 10d repaid. The total balance die .to id depositors at the close of 1880 was over ie half a million of money, viz., £586,496 as 3s, against which are investments and i. securities to the valise of £598,995 Ga id, >0 leaving a balance of assets of £12,499 Sa ao id. The working expesises for the year d were only £2500, and the interest added to depositors' accounts amounted to a £19,091. ir THE PEOPLE'S PAsRl.-Mr John'M'Lain, .d of Prospect Village, has presented a black id cockatoo, a very rare bird, and a valuable us addition to the collection. The following 5, presentations are also. acknowledged : A. white hawk, and a man-faced owl. y WErr TAMeAR MAILs. -In another n colnmn are published the details of thes if daily mail mwhichs will be established ,s between Laiinceston and Beaconsfield on -and after Wednesday next, and also of r thse tni-weekly msail between Launceston ir and Ilfracombe, and the bi-weekly mail d between Launceston and Glengarry, .-which also comse into operation on the AN Exsiinsrve Acuorsnt.-Last even- rp ing about nine o'clock an accident which caused a considerable amount of damage occurred in a very simple manner at the establishment of Mr J. M. Davies, tobac conist, of Brisbane-street. Mr Davies, it appears, was arranging some articles in the shop window, and in doing so acci dentally pushed the gais jet against one of the large panes of plate- glass. The flame and heat of the gas immediately caused an extensive fracture of the glass, a loud re- in port as of a firearm announcing the occurrence. Fortunately no one was in- at jured, but the pane was damaged to such cc a degree as to necessitate its being re- A placed. TsLE SEYMOUR COMEDY COMPANY.-The performance of this company. was fairly attended last evening, when the pro gramme was similar to that given oni I Tuesday night, with the exception of. a graceful and tastefully-executed dance by P the Duvalli sisters, and a comic song, ci 1 " Have you seen the ghost," well rendered \- by Mr George Bromley. An apology was made for the non-appearance of Mr Frederick Millis, who had not recovered e from the effects of the late assault upon s il him. This evening an entirely new bill will be submitted, the chief attraction I tt being the production of the burlesque d and pantomime of "Little Red Riding e Hood," in which the principal characters if will be sustained by the Sisters Duvalli, eo the Misses lBusrdett-Coutts, Messrs George t is Bromley, Fredk. Millis, Alfred Wyburd, d and Charles Simson. In the pantomime it Mr George Bromley will act as clown, Mr Al Gonzago as pantaloon, and the Sisters Duvalli as columbine and harlequin. A WHIrE HILLS ROAD.-A meeting of all d persons interested in a road from the a- White Hills to Evandale and the Main a- Line Railway station there, is called for sy Saturday evening at the White Hills Inn. ill There is only half a mile of the proposed It road requires to be made, and Rose's re Creek bridged to connect together the ot existing roads on eitherside, and apart from ?n the convenience it will prove to the resi oe dents of the White Hills district, it would at enable visitors and excursionists to enjoy k, a pleasant drive from town through St. rs Leonards, Corra Linn, and White Bills, ag returning through Evandale and Bread to albane. ad L. & W. RAILWAY.-It will be seen by n- advertisement that tenders are invited tip to the 20th inst. for the conveyance of rt mails and passengers to and from certain ey stations and townships along the L. and th W. Railway as follows :-St. Leonards, ns mails twice each way daily, and passen ire gers to and from every train; Evandale d- to Lymington, mails once each way daily ; th Longford to Cressy, mails once each way ow daily ; Bishopsbourne station to town er ship, and also to Carrick and Hadspen, lie mails twice each way daily, and passen .re gers to the latter places ; Oaks to Brack is nell, snails twice each way daily ; West its bury station to township, mails twice each of way daily, and passengers to and from ,te every train. re DELORAINE PIGEON MATCH. - It is a scarcely necessary to remind sportsmen of ht the pigeon shooting match which has been he arranged to take place at Deloraine to ng day. Six events are announced, for the of handicap there are ten acceptances, so m. that good sport may be anticipated. mu. Ballarat rules will be observed. he MAsONIo.-The brethren of St. John's by Lodge, 346 O.C., are summoned for this evening, for the despatch of business. ig, Visiting brethren are invited. za CHURCH SIGNAL. BELLS.-In many a places in England a bell is rung "after 'he dark." The origin is usually curious, tot though generally and wrongly put down his to the curfew. At Storrington, a village of in Sussex, the bell rings at 8 p. to. This is ier in virtue of an endowment; a man lost of his way on the Downs in a sea-fog, and hin only found his home by hearing the bell st- of Storrington Church. In gratitude, lie the endowed the church with a sum of money, er- on condition that the bell should be rung ies at eight o'clock every night. A similar ion account is given of the bell at Great S. inc Mary's, Cambridge, which rings at 9 p.m., 'ty, having been endowed by a Saxon princess, ing who was saved from perishing in the fens ore by hearing a Cambridge bell. "Great ier. Tom," of Christ Church, Oxford, is tolled lice 103 times every night : the origin is probably the same as that of the others, C'he but the "scout" only knows that the ,-al "buttery" is then opened. At home a an. bell rings at "one hour of night" for the on De Profunndis, and at "two hours" the ed evening before a fast. This "one hour of ied night" means one hour after the Ave or on Angelus; and not, as a clever tourist ear once described in his diary, one o'clock in in the morning. -TP eekly Register. the A STRANGE AFFAIR.-An extraordinary 250 attempt to abduct a child was recently ent made in New York. The family of Mr in- Louis Strasbiurger, a wealthy jeweler, thme received during several weeks letters was threatening to abduct his daughter Rosa, jon aged 11, if £12,000 were not paid. An all attempt was made to abduct her, but crc failed, and the case was placed in the to hands of the detective force. The con was spirators proposed that the governess ian should appear in a certain street, walking ins over a specified route, with the money in tow an envelope, dropping it when a pistol was fired. A detective by a circuitous red route entered Madison Avenue as rthe sy, governess came along. A pistol-shot was .ia- fired ; the governess dropped the en velope, and a man picked it up. The cer detective rushed after him, and a scuffle viil ensued, during wvhich the detective's to. pistol went off killing the man. The ay, accomplice who fired the pistol was after *at wards captured. Full disclosures have ds, been made, and the apartment where the ied child was to have been hidden has been iuig discovered, as also lies been the fact that on' passages to Europe for the chief parties' tee had been engaged. This case resembles' me; the abduction of Charlie Ross. or- ALL claims egainst the estate ef Mrs Mary cv- Hloldoworthi Fossil Bank, sree requested to be ~ed forwarded to Messrs. Douglas. end Collijis at iry onco. it Ma T. C. JUST announoes an important sale uve of oil painting;, water- coleours, etc., to take place at Isis mirt et noon to-morrew. They. twill be en view to-day. Wr TE are requested to call attention to the silo Sby Mr 'm. T. Boll, cn Wednesday, 29th inst., of sat bl'oodlhoroes broil by theo late T. WV. Field, Esq. ros Catalogues huavo been prepared, frons wisich it 3so will be soon that the pedigree, aro excellent. to The sale will take piece at WVestfield.-[Advt.3 rer LAUNcESTorN MlUsIcAL UNIcON.- Tle fIrst Sob. 06 scription Coiscert wvill ho given in the ball of theo Mechanics' Instituto, eos Tuesdlay, 14th ad Juno, under the jinmeiliato patronusge of Sir d, John and Lady Lofroy. Subscription tickets, Ss one guinea each, may ho obtainedl from Messrs icr Waclsh Bros. mind Birchsall, Brisbane-street, or ed from J. WY. IsuRAEL, HOn. 0Ccrctary.-[AnVT.] to Tar DAwsoN's CELEBRATED CicUnLEIGHe BUrEcain 61b tins, hermetically sealed. Very In utbefor Prosiuector:. Mliners~t. e AdvL. bl othlsanitive and eanative powvers in a high degreo-by time former term is understood their ng ability to preserve health, by the latter their \- capability to restore health. 'With these remedies at hand no invalid iseod be ist feult to guide h~imself or herself eafely through the ermasny trials to which every one is subjected Ie during our long ansd ofttimcs inclemenot weinters. ed Coughs, colile, iuleerateul throat,, dipistleria, on whmoopieg coughs. can hs successfully treated Isy of well roubbing this oinstment upon the chest, cud by tamkisg the isillo. During ihamep, foggy on weather asthsmatical nulferers will eixperienscs sil time utmosut possible relief from the inuncetion cf 'y, tho cintment. and mill tendier-clhested persons' he will save endless misery by adopting this treat.' mneat.-(ADVT.) 