; Local News. Tnis'eveninp, at Mrs. JIcDonald'a As sembly Koom, Walkerston, a Tocal mid instru mental concert will take place for the benefit of the Walkerston Churoh of England Build ing Fand. As a number of our most talented lady and ' gentlemen amateurs take part in the concert, we have no doubt but that it will prove in every way as successful as could be desired. We may here add that the un tiring efforts of the Hev. Mr. Maclaren in securinc the valuable musical services of those amongst us who, it is pleasing tosr.y, have before joined together in- affording us pleasur able enjoyment, as uathless again will be the case to- nigiit, entitles that gentleman to every plimeut must be awarded to thosa ladies and gentlemen who fail 'not to assist him in his laudable aims. Already we hear that a goodly suui lias been subscribed towards the erection of the Walkerston Church, aud doubtless the building fund will be found to have Tery satisfactorily increased after to-night's enter tainment. . The usual monthly meeting of the Pioneer Divisioilgl Board takes pjaceat the Boardroom, School of Arts, on Tuesdaj next, at 2 o'clock ? 'A mekti&j; is to be held this evening at the River View Hotel,- for tha purpose of taking into consideration the question of a reduction of the hours of labour.. Tradesmen, labourers aud others interested in the matter are in vited to attend the meeting. From what we havobeeii informed itiapuears that dissatis faction exists among several skilled aud un skilled workmen . in the town on the score of their being compelled to work nine hours a-i\ay, whilo in other places in the colony the working hours, they contend, are only eight The eight-hours system, as it is termed, ; certainly does prevail in the larger towns in Australia to a great extent, and the meeting to-night will probably -lecide as to whether it can, or otherwise, become the recognised work ing hours, rule in -Mackay. So far as we are concerned we ' think that eight hours good, honest labour (luitc enough for one day, espe cially in a climate liWc this .and during the summer months. Besides, we are of opinion tbiit a thoroughly industrious tirtizau or labourer will do as much work. in eight hours as nine. Uowover, we shall sec what the meeting determines upon before saying any thiug further upon thejsubject. ' _ To the enquiries of 3 correspondent we have to reply that we do not know whether the Wcctsful tenderer for [tho Walkerston bridge has made a beginning towards the erection of that otruqture.' We hope, however, that ho has by this] timo comniencud, for in view of the larva traffic that must, within a short time hence,: pasa over Scrubby Creek, ' the sooner '.ho bridge is built the better. On 'Wednesday last llichael Doran appeared before the' Police .Bench, and was lined £5 for using grossly obscene and abusive language towards Constable Schneider. The language was (if a most lilthy and brutal description, and we heartily commend the Folico Magis trate for marking the sense of abhorrence wltb which civilised { mull regard tho foul mouthedoobseenity which aome men, calling tbemuelves white, regard as manly eloquence. A Cuowti Lands Sale by auction of Hubur ban lots iu the county of Carlisle, parish of Batxvtt, tiiwn of Amhurat, situated at and near Hlade 1'oiut, waa hold by Mr. C. II. Uutaillia, Government auctioneer, at hii auction rooms, Syduey-street, on Thursday last, 'at eleven o'cl«k a.m. There wera twenty-six Iota offered at the upsi!^. prico of £5 per atre, ami of this number eighteen found purch.-ucra; Urn area of- the lots ranging from Is. '.it. Kip. U) 5 acres caoh. Then) was a largo attendance at tha sale] and for sovcral of the best lota tho bidding was very spirited. Tiiu followiug given tho number of lots sold, the names of the buyers, tliu area of each lut, and the price ? realised : — No. 1, 3a. 12p., C. Webster, £39 19s. OMi No. 2, 2a. 2r. Sip., K. Jf. Will-, £28 19». 44. No. 3, 2a. Ir. 4p., It. McBurney, £23 17s. S-L No. 4, la. 3r. lOp., II Bromberg, £25 Ss. I.I. No. 5, fia, A. IU Lloyd, £.')». No. 0, Ga.. J. II. .Sharp, £25. N.i. 7, fa.,i. II. Sham, £28 Sa. No. 8, 4a., II UiomljerK, £20. No. 9, 3a. 2r. I Co., U. lit»at-ry £18. No, 10, 3.1. lr.|38p., W. Wear, £17 8*. ail. No. Hi 3a. Ir. Mp., Bi»hop SuiiU.ii, £17 I7«. ll'L No. 12, 3a. Ir. 2%, J. II. .Sharp, £17 17* lid. No. 13, 3a. Up., O. H. Duuulliu, £15 6i. lOd. ! Sir. 17, Sa., W. Mnr.h £-5 No. 18, 5»., Q. U. UutaillU, £25. No.':l9. 3«. .1r. 33p., W. .1. Cameron, £20 ISa. 7d. So. 20, 4a., W. (Wear, £20. No. 21\. 3a. 2r;, W. Wear, £17 10». The total uiiioiiii't of jjuiclinte muney for tho abovn ciglitueu ulloimeiiU hgureii a trifle over £41 1. IH liriticixinK the ijctnlicr number, o( the Victorian Mfvwa, tile Uookliarnutiiu Bulletin nays : - Mr. Williamson, Chicago, gives a largo aiuoi^t of, iiilerertiuis information regarding ?? Cipitall.tic I'armiiiK in tho Unit.,1 HtaU's.'' Ju tJni unw, .StalcB lnrj{« mlcctiNin 'f lan.l ara beinii taken' up uv ' tho cuuiulmts of the Atlaiilic *%uU», awl immngwl by oversturs id the nairio wiiy m large mills and miumriictcirna. liy tbix ?y-tciu .'.f 1-»-m«£. whcatciii. bu pl.cod ?i., Hi., Chicg' market at le«» tuaii nfty cents ! a bu.h»l. wtro a fuir Kra.lu.Uf «-h«t Us not l-w)li »ol,l for h-s. tr.au seventy-live cents. ^^r^va^^'rb^d^1: lui.l oruaniMtion i.f lo»«ur; mncbiiicry can he u,(!dt.Va Kruitt-r profit; better priccji oati he comuiunde4in tho.lar)4u mnrketj, nn.l hjimibI ratu. oui bo obUiwul from tho traii«|i'irUtion eumimuiei. A« to tho CTiitiimaiico of hwivy jiBMn»i:d cl.oap production thera '» ''' ''« I f.. rirevoiit it so long tti there arc liiiUmua of 'q-Ialty good' virgin so.l.' This»y«t'ui p,e- 1 ?rails- tii a ciiiiihljr.-i1ile nxtillV, aiul i».ra{iiilly .Bn.Min'..'1' .11.. will, of Curse', ocenr- to :..ur ri'.Tli-rs that the system of siignr culture heiii!» .'iiilriliiuui-il iu th'i; Mackay ilistiicl -lusirs a tr«it ruwinlilanuii to lllu new Americau style of tvheat farmiiig: ' AN7.S1GK wirA Vim Stencrschreiber, . nnrch ?lie Zo'ituiig t;i!v:eH|!ti, ilaa alle Municipal Stcuer am L'ioiisias:, iltMi'l. November, suhuldig siii.l. Unniigcueluiier Verzus; mb'^e cutsprini:en, inn ilic Anslan.liye Steuor zu erholen. 'Bekant- tn.icliiiiip) wir.l nuch gcgeben, d.iss alle I^e lite, wc!che Steuer, iiicht bei obigen- i^euaunteu 'Datum, bezahltiiaheu, wenlcn imtsihig stin, zur.i.achsten Wahldei Alderman, zu ballotiren. The Town Clerk gives notice, by advertise ment, that all Municipal-rates now due, must be p;iiil before Tuesday next, Ui. November. Disagreeable proceedings may. bo taken to .recover payment of them, besides;- which; 'every person who has not paid up by that date will be diirtualitied from .'voting at the next election of Aldermen. Mauy ratepayers are particularly' : careless now about their voting privileges,*, but. when the time comns they wish to vote, and too often throw the blame of their esblusfuu oil the officials of. the Municipality; ? -,' - - - ?' A MEETiso of Jhe Cemetery Committee was hflil ycater.lay at the office of Mr. G. Smith, Air. b. H. Dalrymple in the chair. .The usual routine business was goue through. Accounts wero passed for ? payment, to tho amount- of £45, and several letters ordered to be written. In reply to a -letter from the Rev. T. Hume, asking that a certain portion of tlio Cemetery be vested in his name, it was agreed that he be requested to make formal application in terms of the Act. It was also resolved to ?Srita to two non-resident, ; and; inactive members of the Committee, requesting them to resign their offices, iu bfder that their places may be filled by members who could and would' attend to their duties. A somewhat serious gun accident occurred the other day, which narrowly .escaped being fatal. Mr. Clements Knoble, while preparing to go out shooting, withdrew a cork from tha muzzle of his loaded gun. Tho charge imme diately exploded, from what cause we know uot, 'and blow off the' forefinger of Mr. Knoble's right band. No other injury was done, and Dr. McBurney was at once sent for.. He dressed the- stump, and the healing process is goiug on satisfactorily. We have known just such an injury bring on lockjaw. A meeting of the Mackay Cricket Club was held at the Royal Hotel on Tuesday'evening last, Mr. E. P. Ashdown occupying the chair. The following office-bearers were elected for the ensuing year : President, E. P. Ashdown ; Tice-president, A. Kemmis ; Secretary aud Treasurer, &. Buddek ; Committee, Messrs. Mather, Grjmstone, Burrowes, Chidgey, and Black. The meeting elected four new members, and agreed to reduce the annual snbscription to ten shillings. So many members have joined the club, and its- financial condition is so flourishing that they: can afford to do so. ' Tho dub has £18 Ss. 8d. to its credit from last year, and we know, some other towns in the colony, where it would rejoice the hearts tising — u they could ever hope to see the local cricket clubs show abalancoof eigbteen pence to their credit. The Committee were instructed to purchase a new marquee for club use, and also to communicate with Mr. David bOu to see if a match could not be got up with a team from the country. Members o£ tho Maokay Cricket Club are reminded that practice commences to- day, and that a large turn out is requested in order that two representative elevens may bo chosen to play a match- on 9th. November, the Prince of Wales' Birthday. Mr. Beddek was thinking of sending ' Old Karr ' round to sing— ' Arouse ye then, my merry merry men, For 'tis our opening day.' — Only ho cannot see how 'Old Karr;' and his bell would form a chornv and he has hiB doubts as to whether that gentleman can sing. In any case cricketers are requested to roll up to-day. ? . The Key. Alexander Hay, of Rockhampton, will arrive by first steamer from the South for the purpose of opening tho new Presbyterian Church at Walkerston on Sunday week On. Wednesday night next Mr. Hay will lecture in tho School of- Arts on 'Palestine exploration, and' recent discoveries at Jerusalem.' Mr.' Hay is well-known as one of tho ablest aud most popular lecturers in Queensland, and the Kockhamptou -papers speak very highly of this lecture. To alter slightly Oliver Gold smith's epitaph, ' Kihiltangit quod nan orndt.' Whatever Mr. Hay takes in hand, he is.sure to make instructive and interesting. He is a scholar, a humorist and a polished gentleman. The world-renowned Professor Pepper will visit Mackay within a fortuight. Mr. Phillips his agent 'has arrived by Southern boat from Kockhampteu, and will proceed at once' to make arrangements for the Professor's course of ' Scientific Entertainments.' Professor;. Pepper is possibly about the nnst successful' scientist iu the world, by way of making what is generally supposed to be dry subjects popular and entertaining. His celebrated 'ghost,' produced by way of illustrating optical illusions, gave him a world wide re putation, and millions have, heard of ' Pro fessor Popper's Ghost,',' who' know nothing about it He shows many other optical illusions, has some magnificent dioramic views, and by the aid of scientillc appatatua,. chemical combinations of gassos, water, and minerals, produces most astounding effects. . His oxy hydrogen microscopo- magnifies 30,000 times, and we can only faintly imagine, the uvela tious it may. make. However, it is better to go to see the wonders, and listen to .the Pro fessor's marvellous loctures than to read about what they are. Tho. Northern Argut says: ' We may remark that tho Professor is no 'wizard, drawing largely on tho credulity of those who listen .to him, and witness his powers iu delineating and producing. His wonders aro the wonders of science, as dis-' played iii the study of light aiid optiots ; and while he may astouftS), atill the results of his beautiful and brilliaut experiments are tho cllccts of natural causes ; and, as a uousequonco, luust'conyuy to tha must sespticnl observer a ntnrtliiig aud jiwo striking proof of the meanB, which nature, or rather nature's ' Maker, employs to pruduco thoso ends which assist in making up the grand harmony of .creation.' . Mb. A. Oiumt, tho conductor of the Muukay Musical Onion, hna ueuu for nomo tiino back training his pupils to render the Cantata of ' Kva.' Tha subjuct an which it is founded is tho well-known ' Uncle Tant'a Cabin,' and it furuiuhus an opportunity of introducing much gooil iiiusio. Tlio Union render tho choruses oeuutifully, and with uvery riujard to light anil ahade. Tlwy will givu tho Cantata in tho School of Arts on tho evening of Thursday next, whan thoau who aro nut present will miiu a great musical treat. ' ? I MuuiitH. J. Jf. Sharp, and .II. Urom berg were, hint Thursday, nworn in aa Mngla tratea of tho Territory. Tha until was ail niiniiteruil to --ucli guiitlciuuii by tho 1'olicu Mugiairutu, acting uiiilcr ciimuiiajiiuu from the Uuuruuiu Cuuit ot Queenuluuil . An important puruliMH of prnnerty haa taken placu in Hy.liiuy.atroot.' Mr. J. ?( Shur,, has purchased Iruin Mr. Chailm Kuuley that prupony occupied hy Mmmis Yuiiiiif O'lluillywiiUSIium. Tha price iiaid wiu 1MU [icr foot, anil this, amung other Ihinyit, iinivos the faith thai thine who ought, to know have in tho futuru of .Maekay, THE Nebu racuo, aa will bo booh by ndver tiamuoat, have buun puatponud till Moii.luy, November 21at. J- The editor of tho Tclryrayh, whu ilcBcribed the .Kanaka as. beiri' bo .slavish' am} doglike in : his iiliedienoe to hi^masters, might have learnt ? sonietHinj; if he hart lieen here during the last few weeks. j There, have been several cases before: the Bench . of as- ianlt nnd threatening lai'guaUe Wainst panakas, and, yesterday, two of'thenijwho had left their situation and Ciheni-service oo ^nnther estate, aued their Former employer for arrears of wages. They acknowledged that'ttfty were under'an agree ? ment, : but ihev plerfded that they were not pleased witl! the '.ki-kf.' Master gave them stale -brea'(l jo eat, jand altogether maile them yacke'r' to much. After considerable discussion' between ai- femUnt's lawyer and the Bench, the Police] Magistrate ordered the com plainants j to return to their hired service, aud. each f of them to pay £1. He explained! to them that if they did not get' prop^r| . ki-ki,: or were in any way badly treated to complain .to him, and he would 'see them righted. Of course he said so in the lingua ka*-kai He' also told them ! that if they j did not go back they would bo ' along o'loakiip.' ' Nevertheless we heard one of these boys assure the C.P.S., after, tho Court was over, that .he would bed ? if he would gojback. i j \ - '? ' ' ; The? purchasers hf'tho allotmonts of villa rosidencoj at SladePoint, which were sold on 'ThursuTiiTlasVhad a pic- nic to the site yester day. Eightigentlemen left town, some in the buggy. .of Mr. K.-H. W,ills,.and-)therson horses back. THe. outing Was;a most enjoyable one, nnd oueaudu-UI prouountfed the view they had to be a - must magnificent .one* The prices ]3aid may seem extravagant, buteach purchaser expresses J himself ? ' wejl satisfied . with ? the bargain he has made.;.. 