\- ' A LONDON UTOPIA. In a recent number of Harpfi-'s .Monthly Maga zine appears an- interesting account of a singular1 ; and 'apparently successful experiment in social economy, which has been made at Chis wick, -near uuuuuu. iuia 10 iuc uuumug uj. a liLim lowu.on sesthetic principles, to.be tenanted by ian-sestiietic colony of persons of refined art culture. The place selected for this experiment is Bedford-park, where Mr. Jonathan Carr bought 100- acres of land, on 'which; he has laid out streets arid gardens, and built about' 350 picturesque /.houses; generally ' of ' red Z'brifik,; in the style .of the time of Queen Anhe. The result is a little antique town, in the; little streets- of.whi'cli. the ghosts of Pope, arid; Steele, and Addi son 'might stroll, and think themselves iri.a Loudon suburb of tlie'ir own, .The writer referred tori u his sketch of the place says, "I passed beneath: a med lar (who ever before he'arll .o.f a-'medlar-tree.out pn a sidewalk 1) Jon through a wide avenue of houses that differed from each other sympathetically, in pleasing competition as to' which/Could ffie prettiest Their gables sometimes fronted the: street, their, doorways adorned with various touches of taste/ the windows surrounded with tinted. glass, the lat tices thrown open, and many cotilely young faces under dainty caps visible, here and there, altogether impressed me with, a senseof being in au enchanted land: ,.r After turning . into several - strrieEs" p'f this 'character, and strolling into several houses not yet; .inhabited, wat'ching the decorators silently engaged" ripon - their work,- 1 redognised- that' this -was the veritable land'.'of .theridtns-.eater's, \Vhcre they who arrive may-sit; them down and sav, ' We will return ..no, more./" -. - / - 'vY-. ' .'.J' "/. /'/;//.-//— A ne avenitectnrai iaqa, inKen as a starting point, 33 well worked, out The houses are all of the En glish style' of the Queen Anne period,- They have no cast-iron ornamental railings, but hand-worked balustrades and palings,, and red brick garden walls. There- is no conventional, parapet stuck up in 'front tq. conceal- the roof and, give. a. false fiat- topped appearance to the houses. They display their roofs high and boldly, and, with gables and dormer windows, they '.eveu insist -upon thetri; The internal decorations are iu the same style, and all of these preserve the character of reality, arid do not pretend to be what-they are not. As another writer observes, there are "No clumsy imitations of one wood to conceal another, hut a preserving surface of.' beautifully-flatted paint, made hand some by judicious arrangements of- colour. Here brick is openly brick, aud wood is opeuly wood, and paint- is openly paint." Readers of London Punch will remember tho smiirtest and best of Mrl-Du Maimer's hits in his pictorial crusade against the extravagance of tlie , icsthetes, where an. aesthetic: young couple, having become, the happy possessors of a " too consum mate blue teapot.'; Angelina exclaims in a transport oE rapture " Oh, Edwin, dear, let us live up to it 1" This is what the inhabitants of Bedford-park do. 5' hey devote -much' of their time to fancy balls. There is indeed a rurriour in the adjacent town of London that .the " people of Bedford-park prove about in fancy dress, every day. The community possesses many artists who enjoy the satisfaction of- being able to see their" ideas' of the beautiful re produced in the houses,- costumes and surroundings of the members of the little republic of culture. Ladies walk about in-quaint auconycuiioual dres- ses, worn in defiance of wortn and the Par's I fashions. The town defers so far to modern ideas I as to possess co-operative stores built on aesthetic I principles. It has a1 so a tennis lawn and Badmin- I tou floor, aud a clubhouse, and a single inn, which I is aesthetically called the "The Tabard," after the I famous old inn from- which Ohancor's pilgrims I started to Canterbury. Life at Bedford-park ap- I pears to be a sublimated, refined, etherealised kind I of existence, unburdened by the coarseness, nnstir- I red by the passions of the common world. We arc I told There is hardly an evening of the spring and I summci when Bedford-park does not show unpur- I iposed tableaux, which, were they visible any even- I ing at the opera, would be declared fine achieve- | ments of managerial art. Through the low aiid I wide windows, on which the curtains do not I often fall, the light of wax candles comes out to I mingle with the moonlight, and many are they who I wend their way from the more dismal suburbs to gaze/ in at thebnppy families en iabelavx. aud lis ten to the music stealing out on the ever quiec air. i,y tne mere force of propinquity and domi- I nation by a common ideal, a" tendency to co-opera tion and what we call socialism is developing in this little community. But we are told " No step in tlie planting or development of the village has been artificial or even prescribed : each institution has appeared in response to a definite want. It was not in consequence of any original scheme that (he co-operative stores,. the club, or the Tabard Inn were -'built. The entire freedom of the village and ..of its. inhabitants is unqualified by any theory whatever. , whether social, political, or economic." But- 'without the theories the co-operative idea is working itself into practice, and is shown' in the combiued social amusements, lectures, horaear- ranged theatricals; general cookery class, and vari ous agencies of art, aud culture, and utility, which arc worked by the inhabitants of Bedford-park in .common. The total impression made on visitors is as we. can well understand a delightful one. M. Reuan wheu he was -in -London to deliver his Hib- bcrt lectures, visited the/Park aud pronounced it a veritable. Utopia. An American lady wrote of the place, " Ohly 30 minutes by rail from Chnring- cross- rgardens:' country air. lanes," bits of opens where 'dnisies grow, where fogs 'do not liang, aud from which horizons can' be seen — is not the Lon don prisoner.: happy that can flee his gaol ait night, and sleep till moruing in such a suburb ? Lucky, indeed, no matter to what sort of house he escaped, so it stood on' a. spot like this. Bat when to the opens, the clear air, lanes, and daisies, it is added that, fieeiug thither, the Loudon prisoner may" sit dawn and rest,, lie down and sleep in, and risc.up and enjoy, a charming little Queen -Air 0 house, built, coloured, and decorated throughout with good taste by ; artists who know what souls need as well as what bodies require, there.is con ferred 011 him a double/nay, an i mmeasurable bene fit, and unreckonable obligation." We arc not insciisiblri to a good deal that seems to us. unreal in the picture of a model community here given.- There is something Watteanish about the scene. It seems to bear about the same rela tion in real lifc thal the peasants in an opera chc- . rus: bcar to the rustics of a veritable Euglish vil- . lage. Fan tastic culture and msthcticism appear to / supply a rather slendeY nexus for a community to weather tlie storms. of life But the experiment is a highly instructive' rifle; ; It shows how easy it is to ./elevate /.a'iKlZrefi'nA./ili'e dreary commonplace of our suburbs.of-ejigible villas, and to substitute in- expensivenss.. for tlieii; -: monotonous vulgarity. ..Many parts' ofl-London,". arid possibly of other citic, may be .expected to profi t by the lesson and example placed before- them by the charming suburb of Bed ford-park, and fly the refinement of the little com munity which tries to live up to the level of the agricultural Utopia which ft inhabits. \- . The . female fondness for dress is what causes niariy -young men to: remain bachelors. They recognise that: tlie.y/caririot buy silks and satins arid still have money for billiards and beer.- a story 'is-1 told of a candidate for Congress/ : whose handwriting /resembled hieroglyphics. During a hot political contest some rash in-. . dividual threatebed to challenge his vote. " Y ou had better not,'/ broke in a " mutual," " for if you do lie will produce a specimen of his penmanship and then challenge your own vote 011. the ground that you. cannot read." He earn e in yesterdny, and, taking, a., seat at a desk, asked, ?i Well, what shall I write, about ? " (says tho T urnes's Fall Reporter.) Tlie, editor told him he had better right about face. When he left a small scrap of manuscript was found on the desk, .and the fellow had apparently followed directions, i'or lte wrote : " The editor has lots of cheek.", " I/r is , an ill wind .which bloflfs nobod«v any good.! It seems that the pilgrimage to Knock Chapel; Country Mayo, has revived in full vigour, and that to.this.cause the Irish Midland Railway ; Company : are . indebted for their last dividend. No wonder, the shareholders do not raz'I against -the apparitions, and this accounts for tlie stater rnent. that the chances of the branch line succeedr ing wereY. visiouary."- - A .thief .conceived- the idea one day to take down a clock in -one of -the apartments of Louis XIV. At tiie-'inonient lie was doing the deed t' p .King entered ; the thief, without losing his presence of inind, said. "I fear very much that . the ladder may slip J' The King, persund'ed that lie could only be someone on the household who was taking' dbwn the jclock for some repairs, held" tlie foot of the/ladder for fear of an avoir dent. ; Spine .hours afterwaids they complained -to the;.moriarc!VAh.at a clock had been removed' fro/in one of the. /apart intents, they knew neither by: whom or hovv'-'Sny rfl.-t ing about it,"" said /"the king ; " I p.m the.-accpmpliee of the 1 hie r, for it I who'/held tfleladdc: while he was reniov- ing-it."-.u . A MAATMM i rt n i t I nA MAt!! 10 iy v4"-1 V:; 'h WT-' M «» pecuiiarl' aniqnalde/te thri charms of the drum. Whenever any one is ill, and consequently sup posed to be possessed of the evil one, he is treated to an engomtna, or drumming. When the devil, captivated by the so, called music, has his nsml cutencss dulled, he is enticed by a medicine man -into a stool;- or some other article ready ipr his reception. Ha is then carried ahjput from place to place to the s u id of his favourite instrument -ill he is' so completely bewilderet that he is unable ta'fiiid out his former victim, . and consequently decamps in disgust.— Good Words. A Ballauat tradesman wl 0 deals extensively in teas called at the office of the Ballarat Star with a sample of cheap tea, opened by him, and discovered to be '.lie merest rubbish. Tlie ship ment of which the tea shown was a specimen arrived bv- a subsequent vessel to the GDri ii Castle, siid was bought from a respectable wholesale house in Melbourne. The informant first had his r.tt< ntmn di: cried to the matter by noticing that the size « f an r linary ia lie/or tea which he hr-d-j si pit up wai com! f ra.ily lees than .usual. Upon.openi: g it he discovered that a very large proportion of the eqntcnts of the package was a fino dariv sand, ii-i.e-I with silica. I»&the; sample shown to us the propor tion of sand to tea leaf is as two to one. The brand of tea is. oiflinarily a good one. a writer in the Molong Express thus ad dresses the worshipful the; Mayor of Molong .. and oilier gentlemen: — ' Liberal eotils, I see von. have been giving, a purse of sovereigns to a young .gentleman simply because lie was of a 'kitidly arid obliging disposition,' so it gives J,- roe courage to say 'h it I also am of a-' kindly and obliging disposition',' although I am not 2>aid to b'o so.";. .'therefore I think I also liava some claim on your generosity." 