l'AKÖÜY ON THE HAVEN. TUB compiler of " Notes and Queries" in thc Niue c(i.s(/c:op-'('¡;ii<!jqhrijniiik of February Otb says:-lu luoking over sonni old 'papers'I came across tho sub- joined.parody on ."(The Itu von," which you may deem worthy of a placo iu yoiir " Notes and,,QuericB.'' lt is untitled "A Prose Poem.'.' :.-¡ . ,,/ J ,, .',,," , i Once upon a midnight stormy, a Jone bachelor attorney poudorcd many a .curious volume of, his heart's forgotten loro ; ..while he nodded, nearly, nap- ping, suddenly there came a tapping, as of someone gently rapping-rapping at his chamber door. " 'Tis tho spirits," and he started, M rapping at my chamber dour, Oh ! for help ! I'm frightened sorel", vt Then into this allamber flitting (nut even ono por milting him to fly into thu closet or to get behind the door), cania thu ghosts of fond hearts broken (with ninny a ring and other token),- abd they sat.tliem down .beside him, on the. dusty, book-slrowii lloor-sat amidst tho volumes of mont, venerable lores-Quoth tho lawyer, ,''^Vhat ai bore I'? ; ' . "It must bosomething serious ; this is certainly mysterious, quite nu advent 'of¡tho spirits-resurrec- tion con amore. . Put I understand them mostly !"-; herc there came a rap so ghostly, that. he could not ?nore dissemhlo us ho hud donu heretofore, and his face grew pale and paleras he started for tho door-down ho fell upon the door. . , Then there carno a clutter, clutter, and his teeth began to chatter, aa thc spirits gathered round him, and accused him very sore ; how with? haudsomo face all smiling, and with winning words beguiling, he had charmed away the senses of fair maidens by tho score J and each lass had, fondly fancied 'twas her' lio did adore. Quoth the lawyer,?'f Never niora !" ? ^Startled at tho stillness, broken by, reply so aptly spoken, for tho answer, strange, enough, quito a rele- vancy boret they hogan a noisy .rapping-sort of spiritual clapping; which tho lawyer thought could be - .but a fashionable encore-and again, as if his soul in that wonglie would outpour, did he'grbau "Never morel" ' ?Presently his soul grow stronger ; hesitating then : no longer-," Oh !" said ho, !';Bweot spirits,,your for-: giveucss I, implore ; j on my, | knee to every ghostcss, who to love had played the hostess, I will promise to recant the many faithless things'l sworo ! Will you promise then to leave me?" here ho pointed to the door. Happed the spirits, " Novèr moro !" 1 "Ho that, word our sign of parting," said tho hap- less wight upstaitlug, "hie ye hence intothe dark- ness, seek yo out some distant shore. In the noisy camp or forum, in tho lonely kano sanctorum-such ghastly, grim, ungainly , guests weró never seen be foro. Leave my loneliness unbroken "-here ho j opened wide tho iloor. Happed tho spirits, " Never more " ! So these vixen sprites of evil-spirits still, though most uncivil-they will never leave the lawyer, though iu tears he may implore. At his false heart thoy are tapping, thoy nra rapping, rapping, rapping, and he wishes, oh, how vainly ! that his haunted lita wero o'er ; and ho often sighs-" Oh ! could I but recall tho days of yoro, I would KURT-Oh ! never moro i" . SOMEWHAT Co.N'rosiNO.-For fear any misunder standingshnuld occur through theNorf/iira Star having stated that both its contemporaries have thrown over all other proposed routes for a railway from. Tenter Hehl to Capo Byron, wo may stato that wo aro as strongly in favour of the line from Tenterfield to thu north bank of Clarence us we ever were, aud if tho Richmond River people are unanimous in their demaud for this wo certainly think they hare a spion did chanco of success. So far as we eau see tho Byron Bay route does not interfere wit h our advocacy of this, as the lino to tho Clareuce would bo tho Cape Byron routo from Now England to as far as Deep Creek.-ll. II. Kxpresi. A correspondent, writing to the Herald, on the Sunday question in roply to tho Hov. Wnzir Beg, signs himsolf " Wiser Beggar." 