* ~; jrmk'op :]. "S J.^n 1.1JI \ "> ^ tl»y ^ to c\pui meed EiMue tlio inhibit Hits i foictastc ol wli it in vy be cspi-Ctccl .lining the nest tliito months Hie thciniomctei legisteicil ovei 'JOdc it.es m tlio slndt, During tlicaftu 110011 °i duajrciiblc Iiot wnd n is blowing, v inch was withamg in ifa> cluts to tut flow <-i and ?* <->;. taljlo g irdcns i M-mkitK"' of tlioit'rogress Committee will bu'lidd tins ^ oninfc 1 h o pnnci pil busmen 3 'to bo transacted is the. l-cbciying,of,tut,lp noi t from tlio deputation ; that ic-coutly jvcnt L) Suluoy U> Iiifeo Iipou the Government til J uciiiibilily of the constiiu-tion of the i.ul-, way -luiu from Wagga TYaapi to inmba-. ^rumba. . v;" ? ; ; . j. 't j ; h 'i'li!: Wngfi Gold" Cup for tlio spring LL'fii'ic of'tlio Murrninbidgoe lurf Club, iV" will, wo understand, be presented by i.<j.. 'x 6 Jones.' The generous donor in .lis instaiico will hiuisclf choose the pattern, V l.u-li will b,. of I umqiit and li indsomo. li ei-n i: It niuat be n source of -satisfaction to -our local tui'f club to ilnd somai.y gentlu fmoii ulways willing to assist lu supplementing their dl»rts to m ike this liuo old Lnghsh sport ot horsuacing such i sucoess m the 'ilumimbidgec district. . ? . ' A rRACTiOA.1- joko has been related to lis, the tuith of which is beyoncl question A Youth living not a thousand miles from here wis invited by his country relatives to visit; them at their rural homestead;' Fn cd by ii desne to lm\e a few dajs' iccicatioii, tlio town youth essayed, full of pleasure and doli"ht: to'proceed to the; bush. -Aiming at tiic homestead, lie was:welcomed with leal bush couli dity Aftei the disposal of tea . a ' 'possum" hunt- was proposed - to the visitor and at onco accepted. . Proceeding; a few hundred yards away; from the house, ibundmtc of sport ivas won found, aiul Opossum after -possum fell to the ground with a thud, to the delight of tho visitor, who was complimented upon being a real crack. ? So pleased ? waa ho with Ins success that lie ro-CT>ress'ed himself as agaiirnnxious to go out tlio next cvouing. JIib fuundb, noticing tlio "ratification with winch lio.enjoycd possuin shobtinf!,' determinod that ho should have enough of the spoit. It.iyas therefore arranged ...tliat; one of ': their number ehou d ciimbn tvee, and, covered with a sheet,should personate' a ghOBt-'- 'Having' thus arranged preliminaries : for the-practical joke, I boy loaded, thoir. visitor's gun only with powder. Proceeding to the bush,Opossums were knocked down in quick ^succession by themselves, which they pronounced difficult Bliots, with tho distinot understanding that they would get their friojid a good shot presently. That time was not long before, it arrived. All of a sudden one of them screamed "Ghost! ghost''-Midst!" and commenced to run away "a short distance; ' Turning to their friend, lliovaaid, '? Your gun is loaded ; Uro and. let him'lmvo it. Death before dishonour, thej cried On this exolamation being utterod the visitor turned round, and presenting his gun, fircd.at the supposed ghost, who had in the iuoanti'mV dbsccndcd from the tree. liut on caino tlio ghost, and as. it approached the townsman, tho latter dropped in a swoon. Seeing to what a puss matters had. come, th6y approached their visitor, ftiul tried, to 'i'tivivo him,1 but to no purpose.' Assistance .wis obtunid, and lie wis juried to; the liomestc ul, wbeii. bo had to remain fully weeks before ho w is pi onouncciV convales cent " It is said that medical attcndancc, S.c , cost the countij j ouiy gentlomen over £30 ' -. i ' Tin settling of tho Muirumbidgoo iurf Club took place oil Saturday night at tlio Austi ibm Hotel Tlio following i^tho ra a.,ltMl-TVIi'-"Forrester, i-3o3 ; Mr. Mitchell, ru'i 18s":Mr H. J.;Bowler, £243 2s.j Mr. Kc-iii £°30; Mr..Roberts, £166; Mr. Ilpy aLd £100 ,'- Mr 1' J M'Alister, ,£S3; Atr V Clec £10, Mi J, VHigjjins,; £58; Ah Gouglt'^lO,' >U S;Ro&d8;, .£20 ; Mv.? -Uutty;-."'fl'8'i ?'? : 'A;'Dallas,'£10.'' .. -i -. WB learn on all sides that since tho passing of- thii.'Amended Land Act of last rear, which reduced tlio amount in value or im provements to he placed upon eondiiionul purchases from ono,pound to ten shillings per acre that it has been of incalculable benefit to numbers of poor struRgling selectors, who have been enabled to put the money to more immediate and necessary uses. \\\e have always maintained tin?, that a selector, to make bis home snug and complete, must expend a sum at least equal to two pound an acre . but wo also maintain that lie should be allowed to place llioso improvements on his land at what time and whenever l.o chooses, without being compelled to place tliem oil within o given tinio, thereliy in many cases reducing him almost to a stale of beggary. 1-r is a fact worthy of lioticc that there has beeu almost an absence of clime diu-ing the l-aces. This, wo are fully pel suaded, \vas owing in a marked ileS''0® to the presence of Detective rotter of Melbourne mid Detective Riley of foydnoy. "e aie creditably informed that there were oil the racecourse a larger number of the criminal class tliau usual. These, seeing the presence of the two officials referred to, doubtless came to the conclusion that their occupation for the timo was gone. . Mit. South's Opera Company assisted tlio choir of St. Michael's on Sunday last. Mozarfs l'itli 5fa was selectc.Uoi the occasion. It is needless for us to state that the churcli-goers expcricneed a treat seldom afforded at divme worship ill u agga Waggit. TUB following telegram, dated from War wick, Queensland, tho 18th inslant, wo take from tho Brisbane Daily Observer:-" The requisition usking Mr Allan to eland for tlie Darling Downs vacant sent has been, signed by upwards of 250 bona jule electors." Mr. Allan is well known in t.hii district, and for many rears carried on pastoral pursuits near Young, Ife is with pleasure we learn that] Mr. Allan .bus entered the polit icnl arena, and 1 llml he may be returned by a largo mnjority. 1 Referring to his candidature, the Observer soys: - 11 Mr. William Allan, of Brneside, onlers the field as an independent candidate. Tho Government -- proud, we presume, in their conscious might-have not taken tho trouble to put forward n nominee. This may bo well for tho district, for Mr. Allan's return is a thing much to ue desired, and it would doubtless bo jeopardised if the Government party brought forth u partisan. Those ac quainted with Queensland politics will not requiro to be informed that wo do not need any more'voting machines' in the Jlouse, such as'the genus Kates (irr. Allan's oppo nent) would undoubtedly bo. The colony requires mon independent in thought and action, 'pledged to no purty, but strongly allied :to tlieir constituencies. If Mr. Allan bo returned for the Darling Downs ho will, with other independent members, form the Tjncleu3 of, a third party in tho House-that powerful organisation which actually sways tho 'affairs ond positions of the respective i,belligerent parlies." AT the Albury police court on Wednesday last., (says ; the Banner), Mrs. Saintonge, .formerly Miss Collingwood, applied to the beneh for the admission of her grandchild, William Collingwood Buck, to tho Sydney Orphan Asylum, Mrs. Saintonge stated that 1 sho was a cousin of Admiral Collingwood, who fought under Nelson ; that she had two grand children, nnd was unable to keep both, both parents being deud. The magistrate said he would apply for tho admission of the olrild as doeircd. .-?..AN important decision in ft mining caso was given on Friday at Cootamundra by Judge Forbes. The caso was that of Lucas v. Burke ?-an appeal nguinst Warden Do i3oos' de« .tfiaion.. Burko sued Lucas for-trespass on a claim by going on it and measuring ihe some with a lope, and posting notices. A verdict of £5, was given by the .Warden. The Judgo 'reversed this decision, ruling that no trespass had beon committed, in so much as a miner's right did not givo 'absolute right to property except.os far as gold mining; and the fact of : 'a person-going' on tho claim to measure did not coristituteitrcepass.: ; IN* the course of the discussion in the Vic torian Legislative Assembly on the second reading of abill -to 'legalise' tlic totalisator, which was .negatived, reference was made to the fearful-spread of the ganiblini; mania on horse-racing.:, .Ifc. was given in evidence by the late Mr. Bagot, when he was examined l before - the committee of the Legislative ; Council (saysthe Arfjus) that 700 muHhroom bookmakers attended the hill on FIcmington course whose .callingwould be abolished by the 'tbtalisator. The debate turned chiefly .on'. tho question whether the totalisator would produce the beneficial effects ascribcd to it by persons who were nuxions to place a ..check 911 betting, Very few nicmbers were ' fible to .assist tliC' House with any practical information on the snbjcct. The prevalence of the gambling spirit was admitted by all speakers. Mr. Francis said that there was scarcely a kitchen-maid or errand-boy who did, not,take a:share or part; of a share in some racing sweeps. The bookmakers were stated to be unanimously against the totali sator, which the supporters of the bill re farded as valuable testimony in its favour, lembers objecting to the introduction of the totalisator, as a legalised form of .gambling, insisted that this mechanical system of wagering would increase gambling instead of lessening it. The House was very much,amused at the naive confession of Mr. Gardiner that he discovered, after a brief experience, that he was not sharp enough for a bookmaker, and seriously doubted whether; even the totalisator could be trusted with tho money of simple people. "WE learn from the Argus that 011 Tuesday afternoon the case of Mr. J. C. Stewart was 'discussed by tho Presbyterian General Assembly, and finally disposed of, at least . forthe-present year. The Rev. F. R. M. Wilson opened the discussion by moving a resolution in wliieh, whilst the statements of Mi-. Stewart in regard to the Confession of Faith were . characterised as most un warrantable and inaccurate, the expediency Qf appointing a committee to confer witli Mr. Stewart' on his return from Europe was affirmed, in the hope that he might be in duced to withdraw unconditionally the state ments complained of. This resolution was seconded by the Rev. A. Davidson, who was nearly causing a scene by an indirect attack on the llcv. Charles Strong, which was warmly resented by a large section of the assembly. The Rev. W. Henderson de livered the seusational speech of the sitting. He boldly declared bis inability to believe all that .was contained iti the Confession of Faith, and he had more than once con* templated leaving the church on account of his theological views not being in harmony with the literal teaching of the standards. After vigorous addresses from the Revs. J. L. Rentoul and J. Hay, Mr. "Wilson's motion was carried by IOC votes to 7. IN consequence of complaints that postage stamps belonging to city linus and others are often purloined and used or sold, the Postal Department has (says the Jtctning News) taken steps in tiio matter. The name of the firm or owner of the stamps can be printed on the back, or the initials may be perforated through them, so that the stamps may he virtually useless to any but the owner, any other person using them beiug at once detected. Nor could they be readily sold, as all postmasters will be instructed not to buy.stamps wliieh luivo been subjected to the operations described. This plan cannot fail to diminish the petty stealing which is unfortunately prevalent in some quarters. It may be stated, however, that the muti lating stamp or die to be used for these purposes must in every case be sabmitted to the Postmaster-General before being used. Tub diamond drill working on Mr. Alison's ; estalo, Wyong, twenty miles north of Gosford, Brisbano \Vater, and two miles from tho pro posed lino of railway from Sydney lo Wurutoh, which drill a fewweeks ago at a depth of 537 feet pierced a firc-feet Beam of cool, has now, at 670 feet, penetrated an eight- feet seam of coal of splendid quality for gas and cooking purpusee. Messrs. Alison and Fountain also possess what appears lo he ono of tho finest seams of iron ore in the world. In tirno Brisbane Water ma}* become tho ohief manu» facturing locality of Now South Wales, and to hnstcn Unit limo forward tho inhabitants of tho district think tho railway should bo pro ceeded with immediately. Morrissey, the Victorian gatekeeper, has succumbed to his injuries. Ho was holding tho gate opcu to allow a goodB train to pass, when the special came up behind and knocked him down. A i'AHTV out mustering on tho confines of liroadmeadows run (says the Clarcnce Examiner) recently came on a rather strange ?party of diggers in a very out- of-the-way corner. It was composed of eight aboriginals -five men and three women. They were well supplied with picks and shovels, and their mode of working is fossicking among the crevices of the river. That they have found a good pocket or two was proved by exhibiting a quantity of coarse shotty £old. probably about 12 or 15 ounces in weight. In reply to an oiler to rmrchase the gold one of the females who evidently knows a thing or two replied, "All right; you can have it at £3 10s. an ounce, anil at once produced a small set of gold scales and weights. The party have eight horses, saddles, and pack saddles to bring rations" and, what was even a stranger sight to their visitors, a stock of four fowls. The place they are working is below the Guy Fawkes, on the watercourse known as the Major's "Water, and the spot is an unfrequented place, where no one ever goes unless it is to gathor outside cattle. IN* the Presbyterian Assembly, Melbourne, ; twelve ministers and ten laymen were ap pointed to attend, the Conference of .Presby terian bodies to be held in Sydney, in April next year. The Assembly sat pnvatoly on Thursday morning, considering tho dispute between the Revs. Holt and Paton concern in<£ tho New Hebrides mission; After a very, mnmnted discussion, the Assembly upheld the decision of the committee terminating Mr. Holt's engagement, and resolved to proceed no further. Tiik Victorian TaritY. Commission took ad ditional evidence from manufacturers rela tive to the tendency of tho duties on wearing apparel and piece goods. Tho general tenor of the evidence was that the effect of high duties and insufficient drawbacks operate^ against manufacturers and encouraged tho establishment of factories in the other colonies, and consequently injured Victorian intercolonial trade, ' " MR. GRIFFITH, leader of the Queensland Opposition, was entertained at a banquet at Warwick on Thursday night. He was en thusiastically received, and made a long speech. He considered that, the question what tho Government were going to do with the western lands was of the greatest im portance, and ought to be dealt with for the benefit of the colony generally, and not of anvono class. He denounced the Govorn ment for .sending an agent to India in con nection with coolie labour without the consent of Parliament. He said the trans continental railway Meheme would be the means of placing '20,000,000 acres of land in the hands of a big corporation, thus giving them great powers and an opportunity of competing, with the Government railways. He thought the scheme a dangerous one, and He would require to know more about it before he gave it his support. He blamed the Government for parting with the "Western and Peak Downs lands to capitalists without competition. LOUD Ellcameve, says an English paper, who has been on a visit to the Australian colonics, has been struck by thowant of union among them, not only as to their fiscal sys tems, but many other matters. Addressing a meeting at Worslcy, ho said that even in the matter of railways each colony had a different gauge. The result was that, goods sent from ono colony to another had to be transhipped, which was a great evil and a great inconvc niencc. If Ausl rolm, instead of bcins split up into four colonies, could be induced to go in for federation of governments, it would be como a vast empire in the southern hemis phere which might rival any country in the northern. THE voyage of the Sir .Jamsetjeo I*'amily from Swollen to Melbourne (says tho Arr/ut) Ins not been altogether devoid of incident. On 11)0 second day out one of llio apprentices fell from tho mainmast and broke his leg, and was font to tho hospital at Elsinorc. Three weeks afterwards another of 1 he boys, whilo loosing tho spanker, missed liis hold and fell from the gaff. His fall must have been broken by (ho lco lnizzcn-rigging, for on being picked up it was found that ho had onlv re ceived a deep cut on tho cheek and had his unkle sprained. Tho wound was stitched up and drossed, and in a few days ho was about again. In tho vicinity of tho Marion and Crozet Islands scroti iccbcrgs woro passed, and on October 2G, when CO miles S. W. of Morion Island, one of unusual sizo was «cen. Captain M'Eachern iudged its altiludu to bo about 200 foot. The temperature of the air at the lime was 48 degrees, and of Iho water 37 degrees. On October 30 the vessel passed -10 miles to the southward of Possession Island, and the land, with its ice-capped mountains,' could bo plainly observed. On the night of the Olli instant, in longitude 00 degrees E. and_ latitude 48 degrees S., nn Aurora Aus trnlis of surpassing brilliance was seen. It made tho night almost as clear as dav while it lasted. THIS following incident of the Ameer'a occupation at Kandahar is narrated by tho /'irnes correspondent at Killa Ahdula - ..Oil September 23 tho Ameer went to say prayers in tho groat inoaqhe, and there fastened to tho door, ho discovered a proclamation to which cloven of the principal mollaha had afSxcd their seals, callin" on all .Mussulmans to mako a religious war against him as an ally of tho infidels, and therefore an infidel hiuiBelf. At this lie was much enraged, and finding that several of tlio mollahs who had scaled tho proclamation were in a sanctuary in tho neighbouring shrine of tho Ithirka-i- Sbarif, so called from coutaiiiing the cloak of Mahomet he went there and had them brought before lmn._ Two, in reply to his question, gave lum insolent answers, on which he drew his sword, cut ouo down, and ordered both to I'O bayoneted to death. This was at once done, and tho bodies were dragged through the bazaar by horses and exposed in a public place. Tho other mollahs were let off with a liuc. No other aot of severity has been committed, but the people of the city are still iu fear of its being given up to plunder. I his IS now very unlikely, hut tho Ameer will probably impose a considerable fine on the town." Mr. Powell, collector of customs, paid an official visit of inspection to tho Albury Custom House on Friday, and expressed himself as much pleased with the judgment and discretion evinced by the arrangements for carrying oil tho Customa business at Albury. During his stay, Mr. Powell was interviewed by a representative trading firm, who asked him to allow drawbacks on brokon packages, to facilitate tho trado of Albury merchants with Victorian buyers. Air. Powell said ho would consult the Colonial Ireasurer, and if tbo proposed concession were lawful, ho would be glad to promote Albury trade. THE pretty and showy »ifo of a Californian magnate (says " Stella"), generally supposed to bo the richest man in the world, was not a little gratified at being received with open arms by the good-tempered, but always neces sitous, Mistress of tho Palaco of Castillo, in which the ex-sovorign of Spain holds her court-, xhe ladv alluded to, who thinks nothing of wearing any amount of costly dress and diamonds that throw everybody else's in tho shade, was constantly invited to tho receptions of Queen Isabella, was asked to grand dinners at which sho was plased at the Queon's right hand, and was treated in every way with tho most flattering distinction "by her royal hostess, who at length capped tho climax of allectionate familiarity with her new friend by condescending lo borrow of her a hundred thousand francs. All this intimacy with tho former occupant of the throno of Fordinand and Isabella had sprung up and been carried on during the absenco of tho Californian millionaire, who has recently returned to his residence in this capital, and who speedily learned from his wife tho fact of the loan sho hud mado to her ox-Mnjcsly. Tho millionaire, thereupon, wro!e a polilo little note to Queen Isabella, requesting her to return tho amount which had been lent to her by his wife. To this missive, her Spanish Majesty relumed a prompt reply, saying that sho had no return to make, tbo sum referred to having boon presented to her, not as a loan but as a gift, Xhe friends of the Californian celebrity re port that gentleman as cariug nothing for the loss of the money (which evidently can be of no importance to the possessor of his fabulous wealth), but as being not a littlo nettled by what he regards as the cool impu dence of such a proceeding. It remains to bo seen what will becomo of the royal friend ship so delightedly accepted by tho Cali foruiau lady before, the occurrenco of this very characteristic proceeding. Two COLD MEDALS Awarded Amukican WALTIMM VVATCHKS.tho only meduls awurded to JSxhibtlora of walehes Melbourne Interna tional Exhibition, 18S0-1. AH genuine Wal tham Watches liavo the Trado Mark "Waltham, Mass.," engraved on tho plato' of tbo watch. 