THE STORY OF A LIFE. I CHAPTEB xxxn. , A QUIET uns. I call it a quiet life, though no man's life can bo a quiet one unless he be a hermit, imd even the severest recluse must have his restless moments. I callit a quiet life, iir contradistinction to those early -days of trouble and locomotion, iu its. difference to' my life at Stonyfield and Harbour-ford. I flall tbat iiBriod between mv marriaao tod \- the present a quiet life! becauso it lias been disturbed by comparatively few tempests,' beoauae its incidents are commonplace, be- - cause; in comparison with most litfes, it, lias: been a quiet, happy time. Not hut what there have been shadows, on the path and winters succeeding the sum mers, winters with, death in thorn, and tears that, have almost frozen in the well springs of affection. The first few months of my married life were as near an approach to elysium as oan well be imagined; Look ing back now, and forgetting for the moment .my experience, judging for . ex ample, as an outsider might judge of her 'oharacter, I should not have been surprised if Esther had turned out to be anything but a ?wise and olever .wife. So confiding, so trusting, bo 'self-denying, one might have been pardoned for - thinking, vlie^would lack, the' spirit necessary to successful household management -and -wifely firmness. . But it was not so. - There existed beneath Esther's quiet, affectionate, happy manner a firm will, a rare spirit, . This indeed was shown in her leaving home at Liudford to take that situation .at Lady Somerfield's ; also in her encounter with Howard and his aunt when I played the spy ; also in her courageous marriage of a man who could only offer her his hand and heart. Her noble, womanly, truthful nature was tried and proved in many ways during those early months of our marriage. My constant companion and friend, she encouraged me in my labour, did her best to share my studies, and always gave me her liveliest sympathy. No man could have worked harder or more successfully in so short a time. My name was constantly before the public, and yet I found time for occasional mornings in that painting-room, and also for a visit now and then to my father at Stonyfield, who came to see us twice, and spent two Sundays with us, a proud and happy man, changed in heart and feeling, though the hard, exacting nature would make itself seen and felt on occasions. My marriage with Esther was conditional upon a certain arrangement with Barbara, who invested Esther's money in the com mercial establishment of a relative. My wife objected to the transaction as soon as she knew of it, and begged me at all hazards to relieve myself from the responsibility of it. The Spaniards havo a proverb which holds that ' a woman's counsel is no great thing; but be that does not take it is a fool.' The Italians say, ' women are wise off-band, but fools on reflection.' I cer tainly believe women have some special in stinct which inspires them with prophetic vision in the interests of those whom they love. It .has always come true in my case that if I did not' listen to .the first counsels of my wife I. invariably made a mistake. ' It was so in this .business scheme of Barbara Wilton's. ? One morning I found myself in volved iu liabilities which threatened to sweep away not only all I possessed, but to mortgage my future to a very serious extent,. I bad journeys to and fro between Lindford . and London, visits to Fleet borough, angry altercations with Miss Wil ton, remonstrances from her mother, inter views with lawyers, was served with pro- . cesses and writs, and worried almost into as tbin and white a personage as the living skeleton who made so much mischief be tween tbe show-girl aud her father, in a novel which my wife especially treasures. Tbis trouble came at a most unfortunate time for my wife, a short time within tho first year of our marriage, and it culminated in a catastrophe which we are neither of us likely to forget. During my absence at the office, a sheriff's officer Galled at Broinfield Boad, and some cruel and unjustifiable speech of his fell so heavily upon my wife'6 spirits that when I readied home it was to find her dangerously ill. Day6 of agony and miserable suspense followed, and a week afterwards there was a little coffin iu the spare bedroom — a little coffin, I -say, and I say it with a grateful heart to God that He spared the one most important life. That was a dark time ; but we got over it. The case of the commercial collapse was not so bad as it seemed. It took all my ready cash, and brought out my first novel. A. London house consented to pay me partly in advance for any important work which I chose to engage myself to them for, and the whole sum agreed upon immedintely it was ? completed. I gave up all the money I possessed,' engaged, to pay other sums at intervals, got a release from further respon sibilitjvand saw my way -clear -to-entire re lief within three years. How I worked 1 I wonder at myself now, when I think of what I achieved in a few months. - There was another sad interval in the fol lowing year {'when sorrows come, they come not in single spies, but in battalions '), which involved the death of my father. They fonnd him in his easy-chair with the Athenian Magazine open iat my last article, just as he had sat down to read after tea. It was many hours before the housekeeper discovered that he was dead *, there was so much happy repose in his face, ' as if he was enjoying his book,' she said. A sweet and quiet end for one so warped and hard in earlier years. _ Peace to bis manes I He . was buried beside my mother. The old church-bells moaned out a solemnly beauti ful requieni. We stood by the little parlour window, my wife and I, and heard their muffled chiming long after the funeral was over. It was a bright autumn . day. The sun shone on the two shambling old trees tliat looked, over at us from an adjoining yard. The wind. rambled through their, withered leaves and carried the dirge-like musio ' of tho bees about with it, as if burdened with a sad, sad message. _A few .brown leaves hurried to and fro in the street in a weird dance of death, to the measure of the' bells ; but the sunshine told of the resurreotion to come. It sounds so like the huckstering heir to speak at onoe of tlie dead man's rjoUes, as if ;one spoke ear; but -I Write of .days that are gone, I-. write as a man who regards death aB simply the- penalty of life, and I writs of one who died at a ripe old age in his easy-chair apparently without pain — as if he had gone' off in a pleasant dream. My father died worth twenty thousand pouiids, and I was -his. heir-at-law, even if he :did not, -as he did, will his property to - uje. Five thousand pounds wont to pay for Barbara Wilton;sspteculation and my- folly, ^ -and-I !Vowed'tit)t:iibf touch' the regaining I ; fifteen iiiilil my labours and the interest had ?made tip the total ''suni .' again. . ' My wife encouraged me in this resolve, and - many tithes' during tlie six years which elapsed before I' succeeded -in carrying out my vow her wise counsels and self-denial prevented .me from breaking down'; but I laboured on \- successfully, purchased tlie Liudford Herald, and wrote for my very life, not only for that paper, but for others ; more particularly* I wrote for that famous house 'which in the dark days had encouraged me by a cheque in advance for my first novel. My books were fairly successful; but there was far more certainty about that income from invested capital than there was about the 1 money I earned in the bard and thorny j . Pjatlis of literature. I question if I oould have continued to make a good iucome out iof my pen had I been compelled to go on writing for B . living. ' ? In later years after I ' had paintSd for six inqnths in the studio of one of our most eminent landscape- painters I earned money by my pictures. In eight years at Bromfield-road we had four children. That first little one which we lost ; a year afterwards Bessie ; two years after that Tom ; and iu the sixth year of our marriage Cissy was born. Emmy Wilton was a constant visitor and a source of great comfort to Esther, who frequently invited hor to come and live with us, but always without avail. I think Emmy's pride brooded over those magnificent arrangements -which she had talked of in tho past, aud because all her own castles had come to the ground she could not bring herself to have apartments in one of ours. She remained for many years in charge of Dr. Sharpe's family, aud continued to hold herself spiritedly aloof from Miss Priscilla, who finally retired from her school-keeping on a small income, never having favoured us with a call, though sho did condescend to write me a very impertinent letter on my marriage, thanking me for introducing clandestine marriages into tbe Wilton family. Mrs. Nixon left the country to join a real or imaginary husband abroad, and my wife made an arrangement by slightly increasing the small income accruing from his own property whereby Old Mitching got a quiet home in the house of a widow's family. When we left Lindford he was as happy as his wandering wits would permit ; and one day he assured me he had seen Mrs. Mitching and she was really coming liome ' very soon — very soon.' We left Lindford in the ninth year of our marriage and selected Hallow for our resi dence in this way The Herald had become a flourishing and powerful provincial organ aud a good property. My literary engage ments in London had largely increased, and I had sundry fair commissions for pictures, although 1 had up td that time been rejected for three years running at the academy. I had resolvod to take a partner in the Herald, give him full control of tho property, relinquish Some of my more pressing work in town, and find some pleasant country house for quiet work and diguified repose. I had to meet the gentleman- who was anxious to give me four thousand pounds and take half a share in the Herald at Gloucester, where he had fallen ill on his way to Lindford ; and tlie time being summer I thought the journey should be a pleasant blending of business and pleasure, so I sent a couple of horses and a small open carriage, which I had kept only during that year, to Bermingham Uy train, and deter , mined to drive through Warwickshn-e, Wor cestershire, a nd Gloucestershire, It proved a delightful tour, and I made a few useful .studies by the way. One day we stopped at Hallow, anil there saw the pretty old manor house vacant and wanting a teuaut. We all fell in love with it, iucluding Bess, who was old enough aud good enough to accompany us on our journey ; and eventu ally I took it on a repairing leaso for twonty years, with the right to purchase at a given sum within tho term. Two years after our removal to Hallow my second book appeared, aud the most successful book that I had yet published, More Worlds than One, a work somewhat of the Bridgewater Treatise class, though far below that standard, came out three months afterwards. In the next year the wise men of the academy accepted two out of - six pictures, and that was the height of my ambition. I remember what a happy day it was when Esther accompanied me to the private view and we stood before those two works by Christopher Kenrick, one of them that very ' leafy lane in June ' through which we walked from church on our wedding-day; and I also can never forget what a miserable night it was afterwards. Does the patient reader remember that the face of a man who put his coat over the cab- wheel to protect my wife's . dress when we went to Drury Lane during our honey moon struok me as strangely familiar ? I often think that was one of those unexplain able forecasts of the future which ' thrust us from our stools ' and make us think more seriously with Hamlet about the other things of heaven and earth which philosophy dreams not of. It could not have been the man who years afterwards and on tbis very night of - tbe private view stood by :. our carriage {it was my own carriage then), shielded the wet wheel with his coat-sleeves, lifted out little Bess : and Tom, and then looked up at me. and showed 'me (the Lord have mercy on him 1 ) the face of Tom Folgate. My wife did not notios him. I hurried her and the ohildren on before. me, and just as they were in the vestibule under charge of my servant I ran back, -caught the outcast by the arm, and said ' Tom Folgate 1 ?' ; He looked at me 'vaguely for a moment, and then, with a cry of horror, as if lie had seen a ghost, he rushed away. ? ' Police 1 ' I cried; ' seize that man.' An officer did so. ? ' On what charge,' he said. ' On no charge. I wish to speak with him.' ' Let me go,' said the man. ? 'If the gentleman lias uo charge to ' make~,''SMdTihi8'ofi5e6i;/ 7 ' .. ? ' ? '-I -have none';' I said; ' but I lain very anxious to speak with him, and he wishes to avoid me.' T ' . ' Don't holler police under them circum stances again, sir, ' said the officer^ - 'I will not,' I said, tipping him halfa crown. ' Under them other circumstances hpller as long as you like,' and as often, 'Tie said, . and we parted. , i '? 'ffbm.V'l^ai^/'in heaven's namefenn 1 do any thing for ^ou? '? - ' . . ' 'No ;' nobody can. do anything. -I 'like to be what I am, to -do' -what I am doing — it is my punishment;' he said. ' * 'Can I do anything for her?' I said, significantly.' ; ? : 'For whom?' . ' For that woman— for Mrs. Mitohing ? ' 'If you like to: go bver to America, have her body dug up, embalm it, iandbring it over here to be buried with the. old man, you oan do that,' he said. ' Dead 1' ' Died of drink in a lodging-house.' ' Poor woman I ' I said. And the tears came fast and thick into my eyes when I remembered what she was when I -knew her at Lindford. 'Aye, poor woman 1 I pitied' her-, but I -pitied that old man at Lindford muSh more ?when I stood by his grave a -montll^go., . , I know -what a brute 'I am, and I sliall.Jrve to know it— -live to be old and grey, and still live and know and feel that I am a sort of walking hell. There, let me go ; I'm glad I've seen you, and seen you prosperous. You are the only human being I ever loved.' ' Don't go, don't Tom,' I said, detaining him, as he strove to leave me. ' I must,' he said, pulling away from me roughly. 'By the Lord you shall not 1 '-'1 said, seizing his collar and pinning him up against a pillar of one of the piazzas. ' Damme, you're strong,' he said. 'Well, what do you want ? ' ' To help you,' ' How 1 ' 'To give you money,- and a chance of reformation.' ' Reformation 1 Bosh 1 ' ; ' It is not too late, Tom ; it is never too late to m6nd. Try with all' your, might. Don't you remember when you were a line, handsome young fellow at Lindford, with bright prospects ? Don't you remember what happy, pleasant walks we had — ojir boating excursions, our pleasant evenings 1 Some of that old brightness may still come back again. Some of it, Tom, a gleam or two ? ' ' Don't, don't,' said Tom, his voice trembling. 'And even Emmy,' I said, in a softer tone ; ' you might ask her forgiveness, and be forgiven.' ' No, no ; damn it, Kenrick, let me go 1 ' and this time he rushed away ; and I stood alone in wonder and amazement. This incident spoiled our enjoyment of the play. We talked about nothihg else during the night. I prepared an advertise ment and inserted it in the Times, imploring ' Tom F. to let his old friend jC. K; have his address ; ' but he never respondedjv'and so the even tenor of our life went on. We made- friends with the Hallow people, and Mrs. Kenrick; in ber own quiet way, gradually made the influence of the family l'elt, not only in the village, but in the sur rounding neighborhood. When * poor Mrs. Wilton died, which she did at the advanced age of eighty-nine, the announcement in'the county papers of her relationship tp us, brought us such an array of calls of con dolence as would have been accorded to few county families. At tbe funeral, . -which took place at Fleetborough, Mrs. Kenrick and myself met the whole family. There was Priscilla, Barbara, the drunken brother who bad reformed aud become a temper ance lecturer, and Emmy. It was a strange scene when the will was read. We as sembled in that very parlour wherb Esther and I had our wedding breakfast, and my mind was full of those past. days,.. Although she was gone to her .long reBty-I'cefilcl see Mrs. Wilton sitting in her chair, and'eom plaining that the wedding was not en rdgle. I could hear her rnal apropos remark about weddings, christenings, aud funerals ; and I was called out of a still more extensive retrospect which brought in Mitcking'B party, by the lawyer's announcement of a hundred pounds legacy to my wife. Esther's was the first name mentioned, and every body 6eemed to breathe more freely when it was found there was to be no favoritism in that direction. What an odd group it was I James Wilton, tho once drunken brother, sat near the window. He was a solemn-looking man, with pimples on his nose, and a bald head. He occupied himself by putting on and pulling off a pan- of black cloth gloves, and occasionally whisking his handkerchief at flies that settled upon his coat. Miss Priscilla sat upon the little sofa. There,, was very little change in her appearance at first sight ;'but'%he 'had' grown thinner and: more acrid iu her manner. Her nose- was - sharper than heretofore, as also was- 'her chin. Her lips were as hard and firm as ever. Sho. wore false curls, and a large profusion of black crape. Barbara sat on the right of the lawyer at the table, and made frequent snappish remarks, though she did not look at all snappish. Indeed, she had grown red and fat and matronly, more like a widow of forty-five on the look out for a second husband than a spinster with strange notions about marriage, and very selfish plans for her own comfort. Poor Emmy looked like a faded gentlewoman who had been disappointed in life; but there was still sufficient in her manner and appearance to attract and charm — tho black sparkling eye, luxuriant hair, iu long curls, escaping from her bonnet, red lips, sloping shoulders, and though her dress concealed them, she had of course still thosesauie pretty tripping fpet which had. firsts made: an impression, upon .Tom Colgate, floor - Emmy, it -was a liatd l.{a foi;har— a life of disappointed spinstSrhood. She ' would have made the man she loved a faithful, high-spirited wifo ; but ' whenever she spoke about the past She always , congratulated herself that she was not Mrs. Folgate. Her cheek reddened, and her eye lit up for a moment with all thb blushing anticipation of a young girl, nevertheless* when I told her that I had seen him. I often wondered if it would be possible for a woman to - forgive a teas that crime whioh Tom had committed; marry hitn, and live together for tbe reBt of their lives with some share of happiness. It was fonnd that nearly all Mrs. Wilton's money had been frittered away ; but tbe re formed son got two hundred pounds, Bar bara fivo hundred, Pricilla five hundred, Emmy three hundred, and my wife one, : which I afterwards sent to Emmy with \- ahotber.huudrcd to make up. a sum equal to that left to ber other two spinster 'sisters. Several letters passed and a serious inter view bnforo I could get Emmy to nccopt tbis little present ; and it was not until I consented to let her will it to my son Tom that she would give way. No, my friend, I have not forgotten the actress. If I havo not mentioned her in tbe order of events it is on account of a feeling that I- would reserve this note about her as a closing one. Moreover you will find hor specially mentioned' in those last extracts from my diary which I am collecting for the next Chapter. Miss Julia Bolmont married Oator Manners, and sent us cards. She did not invite myself, or 'Mrs. Kenrick to the wedding ; but wq made a journey to London in duo course for the purpose of calling upon them. Thty had a house in Brook-street, and lived iu good style. The. lady was as merry and lively as any lady' could be ; and it was charming to see her kissing Esther and ttrying over.her. 'Crying, I :I say, though the tears wcro few aud the crying of very short duration. We rallied each other with mutual mirth, and Mrs. Manners confessed before her huBband that she was really in love with me once upon a time, though she did not care a button for me now. ' Do you remember when we acted a passion and I made love iu earnest? Ah, ah, ah ! — Tell liim oven now that I would rather slmro His lowlieBt lot— walk by Ilia side au outcast — Work for him, bog with Uira— live upou tbe light Of olio kind smile from him, then wear tho crown Tho Bourbon lost. ' Do you remember, you haughty, wicked Claude Melnotte ? And now— all, all, ah 1 — upon my word, I like Beauseant amaz ingly, and would not change liim for all the gardeners' sons or princes in Europe, would I, Cator ? ' Tbe lady's laugh fairly rung through the bouse, and set tbe piano murmuring. ' No,' you are the best creature in all the world,' said Cator. ' You shall call me Beauseant, Iago, Othello, er anything you like.' ' Yes, but you must take care to be neither tbe one nor the other, for you'll find no Desdemona or Amelia in me, Cator.' Mrs. Manners insisted that we should stay to dinner. ' Don't be afraid, you will not interfere with professional arrangements ; we are not acting now. Cator has taken tho King's Theatre, and is coming out himself as Hamlet — ah, ab, ah 1 — it will be very funny. He has condescended to ask me to play the Queen. I have promised to give his offer my most serious consideration.' We dined and spent a merry evening, Mrs. Manners taking us to tho opera at uine o'clock, and at twelve insisting upon giving us oysters in a dozen different ways, with gtout and.cliablis; and 'just a nice cup, which Cator makes capitally, to finish up with.' Mrs. Manners visited us several times at Hallow, and astonished the neighbourhood with what tbey regarded as fast London manners; but seeing that although I wasa gentleman I was.. also a painter and an author, and therefore tainted with Bobe mianism as they fancied, I was to be excused for having a few queer visitors. Some of the county ladies felt annoyed occasionally when they mot strange, noisy guests at my table, who talked about actors and actresses, and having to beat their offices occasionally at midnight; but there was one person who dined with us when the Hon. Slumkey Skiddins, two county magistrates, and a parson were present; that nearly cost me my exalted position amongst the visited residents of Hallowshire. The visitor was a man, thank goodness I He came unex pectedly; and only two hours before dinner. Even had I felt inclined to snub him, which I did not, I would rather have fallen from that giddy height which gave my family the entree to the county coterics than be unkind to Abel Crockford. During my residence at Lindford and Hallow I bad bad many letters from him — queer, wandering epistles — in which he told me he had had some art lessons from a painter of eminence, and was getting on ' well ; and I had sent bim a commission through a local printseller whom I had known at Harbourford to paint several pic tures, which, by the way, were but poor daubs. This bad spurred him on however, and presently it was found that he really could paint, and did paint. One day that same printseller bought the imaginary Velasquez for two hundred pounds ; and this was a great help to the poor man, who thereupon went to London, got into the studio -of - my friend Cross, tho animal painter, 1 and after three months of hard work there came trudging down to me, leav ing his wife at a hotel in the county town, whence I insisted upon sending my carriage, for her. . He brought two really good pic tures—landscapes, with sheep and cattle in the foreground— and I introduced him to my county friends -at dinner as ' Mr. Abel Crockford, an artist, who baddropped in by accident, and who insists upon apologising because be has left his dress clothes at the hotel.' When the wine had freely circulated Abel would talk, and he talked so badly — he had such a powerful dialect — that the Hon. Slumkey Skiddins looked at his three satel lites a strange look, and they all left early. My wife said £ onght not to have asked Abel to dinner, it was not right to ask gentlemen to meet a person in his posi tion. ? I did not ask them Jto meet him, be was here by Occident'; moreover, he is.a painter : —art levels all ranks,' I said, grandly. Mrs. Kenrick had her own opinion, and I believe she took occasion to smooth the difficulty over when next she met the Hon. Mrs. ;Skiddins, by saying that Mr. Kenrick had the oddest viritor the other day when the Hon. Mr. SkiddinB dined at Hallow — a most ecoentrio person, who accidentally found himself in the neighbourhood, an exceedingly, odd person, a great artist tbougb, aud a friend she believed, of Lord Northallorton. I know Mrs. Kenrick said something of the kind, though she did not mention it to rnb : it oamo out accidonlnlly ono night through Skiddins, and 1 found - that the mention of Lord Northallerton had had a wonderful effect upon him. It was certainly a clever stroko of policy to mention his lordship, and more especially as poor Abel had only rofcrred to the nobleman as frequently visiting' the studio of my friend Cross. ' It is only for tho sako of the children,' BaijLMrs. Kenrick, when I rallied her upon it.. ; 'Do you think I oaro for tho Hon Mrs. Skiddins, or anyone else exebpt for you and tho children ?' ! 'I don't think you do, Esther, mydoar,' I said, ' though I thought you liked to bo driving about with Lady Somerficld, when she did us tho honour to spend two days with us.' I have given you a brief outline of our married life, and that mouctary difficulty. The Folgate incident, and our going into mourning Boveral times, aro not sufficiently beyond the common run of occurrences to . take these latter years out of the category of what may bo called a quiet life. ' TUB END. 