? THE Ferryman's Secret. CHAPTER TL.—Continwd. Br SYLVANUS COBB, Jn. " Is thaS our man ?'' asked the younger of the two, as they walked up the ferry street. The other cast a swift glance around, and then made answer in an eager whisper: " Yes ! That is Matthew Lyon !" " I wish he was a different looking man. Zounds! I'd give a hundred dollars if he was ugly and ill- favoured!" ."Dick! what in the world do yon mean by that ? What has the man's looks to do with our business ?' iJ "Bah 1 Don't you see my meaning? Wouldn't yon rather put your hand upon a man whom the world could spare without regret, than upon such a man as we evidently have in this ferryman ?" " Hum! Yes—yes—yes." The elder man uttered the response in three entirely different keys, his tone and manner varying with eaeh suooeeding utterance. And after a little time, he added: " But, my boy, we can't afford to start the tap of sentiment !just yet. We have made too bold a strike for hesitation now." "Hesitation!" repeated the son, with a spice of disdain is tone and look- " Life of ray soul! I hope yoa do not think I would hesitate now ? If there is to be a backing down, it will be you who will set the •sample." " Ha! Siy ye so ? Your hand, my boy. There ! Now, I think, we understand. Ay, Richard"—and his voice sank to a low, halfwhispered tone—" wa are on the threshold ; We have seen our man; and now—" At this point they had reached the corner of th« ferry street and the thoroughfare that ran along by the side of the railroad, where the elder man's speech waa interrupted by a scene of strange confusion that had been opened to their view. They saw men and boys gathered around a pair of horses and a carryall—the horses being helped to their feefc, while the carryall was overturned and wrecked; and at a little distance they saw a young lady, and a little child, and two men, one of them an elderly man, in professional garb—the other evidently of a lower walk in life. Another •gentleman, nearer to where the two strangers iad emerged upon the scene, stood looking on, andjof him the latter inquired what had happened. The gentleman—our banker—was eloquent. He told them how the frightened horses had coma tearing down the street— upon the little child, playing directly in their coarse—how himself and friend stood transfixed with horror—and how yonder beautiful girl, wbom they then saw holding the little one in her arms, had, at the risk •of her own life, snatched the child from snortal danger. Oh! was It not grand? Surely, it might be termed a case of the very bravest and nobleet heroism. In fact, the banker could not find words to express himself, when he wished to characterise the deed. The two strangers were prompt and hearty in their praise. They looked again, and saw the father take his child; and then they obtained a view of the girl's face, and saw that she was very beautiful. " Does she belong here ?" the elder man asked. The banker answered with a sort of pro- prietary pride: "Ay,she does sir. She Is the daughter of our ferryman. She is Mattie Lyon ! Bless .her I" The banker was not, at the moment when 5sHat name dropped frotn his Hps, looking at his interlocutor. He had turned his gaze towards the girl of whom he spoke. Had he beenjlooking at the two strangers he would have beheld a result of his speech that would have startled him. They had started as with a great terror—as though a ghost had suddenly appeared before their facts—thsy were for a moment blanched and transfixed, and the elder of the twain turned him about to look in another direction. The younger man wiped his brow with his handkerchief, and pleasantly remarked that he should feel proud to claim the friendship of such a girl. Then to his father, whose eye he had «aught: " Come—I think we had better be moving on." "Yes—yes, my son." And they moved on up the street of the ferry, towards the village. At a little distance they turned, and saw that the ferryman's daughter had started on, and was following them. The elder man whispered to the younger, and they crossed over upon the opposite side of the way, where there was a long etretoh of close, high board fence, with no buildings near. They oame side by side, and spoke in (tones scarcely raised above a whisper. "Father! It is fate! Is it good, or "It must be good," returned the elder man, with an effort. " At the very outsetay, in the very first people we meet—we find the objects of our searoh. My soul, Dick I that girl is beautiful. What do you think of her?*' "Ah!" replied the son, with a fierce gleaming—a bursting flame—in his coalblack eyes, "the die is cast from this moment! She should go back with us, if •only for herself alono! She is the hand flomes*—the most lovely—girl I ever saw: What is there like her in Brazil ?" "I have seen nothing like unto her, 99 confessj my »on. B&$ we must let her pass for the present. I have been thinking: We must put up at a public house. They will expect us to give our names, and put them upon the register. Shall we give our true names?" " No 1" answered the son, without hesitation. " We had better not do it. Thus far we have had no occasion to give them since we landed. Let us assume new names, and keep them until we have left the country. Considering how closely we resemble one mother, we had best retain oar true characters as father and son. Suppose you become Louis HUNTER. Merchant of New Orleans, and I , GORDON HUNTER, son of Louis. How does that strike you ?" " I like it," A moment's pause, and then — 11 It shall be so 1 I will remember my name; and you will not forget." By this time they had reached tha little square in the business centre of the village, and here they stopped, and turned, just in se&Bou; to see Mattie Lyon enter a provision store. The young man drew a long breath, and, without any further remark, kept on his way. They found the hotel—a neat, pretty, well-"' kept house, where they were informed that they could be accommodated as long as they wished to stop. The landlord conducted them to the little desk, by the side of the bar, whereon lay the hotel register; »nd VICTOR JORDAN, in truth a resident of Rio de Janeiro, set down his name as "Louis Hunter, of New Orleans," while his son. RICHARD JORDAN, wrote himself, " Gordon Hunter" etc. And then they were shown to their room— they asked for a aicgle room, of goodly size, with two beds in it, and were accommodated —and there they were left alone, to be called when their supper should be ready for them. When they had been left alone the father and son sat down to gain breath. They had borne a great burden sihee they had sesn and known the ferryman. Until that moment the work they had in hand had not assumed palpable form and substance to their outer senses; but they had seen it then—had seen and felt it. But it had remained for the sight of the ferryman's daughter to present to them their work in its completeness of unmitigated wickedness. And from that moment—the moment when they had known that they gazed upon Mattie Lyon—they had felt the burden bear. But, alas, for those iu danger!—the burden bore upon hearts too hard and callous to be seriously affected. They only asked for breath—for a brief rest—and then they were ready for plotting! At the cottage of Matthew Lyon the shade of evening had fallen; supper was eaten, the dishes put away, and the table set back ; then Stephen Murray came in with his wife and their little one. The grateful mother could not sleep until she had seen and blessed the preserver of her child. And in the course of the evening others came in. The story had been told, and Mattie Lyon had become a heroine. At nine o'clock the father and daughter were left alona. The man and boy hirert by the ferryman to aisist him on the ferry, slept in a comfortable cot close upon the river's bank, adjoining, and really a part of, the boat-house. " My darling," said the proud and happy father, "you ought to be blessed with pleasant dreams to- night." He bent over and drew her head close upon his bosom, and then added: "It is sweet to feel that you have the love and gratitude of your friends, my precious child; but, ah ! sweeter still iB it to know that others are praying for you; that the prayers of devout and earnest souls are lifted to heaven in your behall! The girl looked up into her father's faoe : and he saw the rich moisture in her eyes — saw pearly drops gather and trickle down her cheeks—then saw a shadow fall, and a shudder shake her fair and perfect form. Hs asked her of what was she thinking ? Why that look of sadness ? But she could not tell him. She tried to laugh, and to make him think that only bright thoughts and fancies were in her mind. And yet, a"ehadow had fallen, and she was not happy. Was she thinking of Harry Carlton, and of a love that might never be blessed with fruition ? Or—was it a mystic iraprestion froaa a danger unseen, and unknown P She could not tell. The mpulee of her spirit was to fold her hands land life them heavenward in humble prayer and supplication. CHAPTER in. THE dwelling of Judge Carlton was one of thejgrandeBt and most imposing in Ingleside; and yet it was not pretentious. The siern old jurist had built it for his own comfort and convenience, and though he had been willing that his mansion should be extremely beautiful and attractive, he had not sacrificed thought or shadow of comfort thereto. Show me the man who does not care to make home attractive, and I will show to you a man whose religion is not worth the name. Our judge had only sought to make the home of his old age attractive, believing that a man contented and happy can be better than one who is discontented and unhappy. And yet, in his youth, when his means were circumscribed within narrow limits, Andrew Carlton had been oontent with little—just as content, and just as happy, as now; for he had marked out his course; he had resolved that he would succeed if he lived; and, in earnest labour towards the desired end, he found such comfort of satisfaction as only the earnest and true-hearted can know. He was proud, as he had a right to be; and, furthermore, there is something in the weariogof the judicial ermine that oannot but lift a man somewhat from the association of society indiscriminately. The very nature of the judicial office forbids its incumbent from free and easy association with those whose habits of life are liable, at any time, to bring them before him for judgment. Harry Carlton had thought of all this, and there were times when he could almost forgive his father for his stern and nnyield ing refusal to recognise the daughter of the poor Ferryman of Ingleside as a fitting mate for his son. Bat the refusal had made him yery unhappy, and the time was eoming, he felt sure, when he should go out from his father's house never to return until the ferryman's daughter conld return with him. " Father," he had said, only a few days previous to the opening of our story, " if you could know Mattie Lyon—if you could truly know her—I cannot believe you would refuse to receive her aB your son'B wife." And the father had made answer—or, the judge had answered, with a wave of the hand that was both repelling and imploring: " My son, I do not wish to hear that girl's same again. I believe she is good and truthful; and I have no doubt that she is intelligent and oapable. But, Harry, you should look above and beyond that for a wife. I have spent a long life in lifting our family name to a plane of honour and distinction. You are to follow me, and through you the name is to be eiven to posterity. It is not simply a question of whom yon are to make your wife, but what blood are you to engraft apon the family tree. My son, I have my own plans and wishes in that direction, and my purpose is fixed. Of Matthew Lyon youthful antecedents we know nothing With hi? child for your wife, there is no tell- ; ing what manner of society we ma; be forced to recognise and te associate with. No, no —let us have no alliances that may entangle UB with uncomfortable associations. We are clear of all such now ; and, with your help, we will remain so." Then he had waved his hand, and his son had tamed away sternly and silently sorrowful. We have seen him—the son—at the ferryman's cottage, and we know his plans—how he had resolved to go to the great oity and there carve out for himself a name, and amass a substance that should make him his own master. But he had received from the girl of his ohoice a word of decision that had iu a measure dampened his youthful ardour. However, he did not despair. He said to himself: " Oh, Mattie cannot hold out. When she sees that I have laboured and struggled, and am ready to offer her a home, she will not follow in the course of my father, and allow her prejudices to make us both for ever miserable. I will not believe it. She will honour me for my earnest endeavours, and give to me the reward ef her hand." On the morning following the visit to the cottage and the brief conference with Mattie, Harry Carlton oame down from his chamber somewhat earlier than usual, having thought to take a turn in the garden, and cull a few flowers for his mother, before breakfast. In the smaller drawingroom he met his father. Feeling as he did—his thoughts running upon the subjeot of his love—he would have passed on without speaking, but the judge stopped him. *• Harry I—If you can spare me a few moments of your time, I wish you would do so- I would like a few words of serious conversation." The young man stopped, gazed for a moment into his father's face, and then sat down. His father did not smile, but there was a warm, sympathetic, loving light in his look which touohed the son's heart. " Harry, I believe, if you answer me at all, you will answer truthfully. Your mother has told me that you have made arrangements for entering au office in New York; and that you propo3 a , henceforth, to work out your own course."' The inflection of the parent's voice signified interrogation, and Harry frankly replied: "My mother told you truly, sir; and I should have told you, myself, during the present day." " And you are going to do this so that you may win a home for a wife, eh ?" The youth coloured and hesitated, but presently answered, with manly pride and assurance: " I have chosen this course, sir, iu order that I may feel to have the right to order my own life agreeably to my own dictates of what is for my best good—with a view, always," he added, with brightened colour, " to the honour and purity of my name." " Have you told the .girl whom you would make your wife—Mias Lyon—have you told her of this plan ?'' Again Harry Carlton hesitated, and seemed a lifcele surprised and annoyed; but he answered, very shortly: " I have." "Now, my eon," and the judge looked him directly in the eye, " will yoa tell me exactly how Mattie Lyon received your decision? What was her opinion of the wisdom of such a course on your part?" For a single instant Harry flashed with impatience and ill-feeling; but only for an instant. As soon as he had taken time for reflection, he saw that Mattie'* answer had bean such as oould not but command his father's respect; so he answered, frankly, though tremulously, and with an unmistakable ring of truth and loyalty in his voice: She met me, sir, with a decision which I hope and trust she will not adhere to. Her reply to all that I had to tell her was, that ehe would never become my wife without my father's full and free oonsent." "Was she fearful of incurring my displeasure ? " "Na, sir. It was of me she thought. She said she could never forgive herself—oould never be happy—should she suffer herself to stand between me and my father's love." The old man turned away his face towards window and pretended to be looking oat; but Harry had seen two great, dewy drops upon his drooping lashes, and he saw him take his handkerchief and wipe them away. What did it moan? For the first time the boy bethought him that daring the whole interview, thus far, the old sternness had not onoe manifested itself. The thought had just occurred to him, when his father turned again and spoke: "And you, foolish boy, have thought— have hoped—perhaps Mattie inspired you with the hope that I might relent. Is it not sor Harry Carlton scarcely knew what he did, or what he said. There was some thing in his father's face that set his heart to bounding wildly within him. " I have hoped—I have dared to think," he stammered, "thatyou might some day come to know Mattie Lyon for what she truly is; and—then—then— The old man would not let him blunder and stammer any more. He arose from his seat and put forth his hand. His face shone, and a great gladnesa was in the generous smile that irradiated his features. Harry! my dear boy, I know the noble girl well and truly. Let the past ba forgotten. If I now say to you—Bring her to my home, and give to her my name, it is not because I have put away a single prejudice; but it it beoauee I have found Mattie Lyon to be entirely worthy of the love and esteem of any man. My son, I withdraw all objection to your union with the girl of your ohoice. Ramain with me; assist me in my business; and be assured your wife shall find a warm and hearty welcome into the bosom of our family." At first Harry Carlton oould hardly credit the evidence of his own senses. He had taken hiB father's outstretched hand, and stood, with a dazed look upon his lace, while the echo of the blissful speech yet sounded in his ears. At length, however, he found his tongue. "Father 1 my dear father! Do I hear aright ? Do you, freely and heartfully, bleBB my love?" "Yes, my son. I have spoken what I mean. Ah! here comes your mother, I declare. She smiles as though Bhe were happy." Mrs. Carlton was a small woman; a bright-faced, energetio, and sympathetic creature, never so happy as when happiness had come to those whom she loved. Harry was her only son, and she very nearly wor shipped him. Both she and her husband had hoped that their dear boy might find it in his heart to take for a wife the daughter of an associate Justioe of the Supreme Court, of wealth and high social standing—the father having been a warm personal friend of the family for many years, while the daughter had gone so far as to intimate to Mrs. Carlton that she wonld willingly give her hand to her son. But, down in the depths of the mother's inner consciousness there had been a silent monitor, ever impressing npon her the thought that Isabel Pulsifer was not worthy of the devotion of suoh a heart as beat in Harry's bosom. The loving mother knew her to be gay and frivolous, without deep principle of any kind—that is, without such principle as moral heroines and household ang6ls are inspired by. Sha had tamely wished her son to marry with Isabel Palsifer beoanae her husband wished, and because Judge Palsifer, and his wife, and his daughter, all three of them wished it. But she was happier now. She saw her son, holding his father by the hand, the faces of both wet with tears. " Ah!" she cried, stopping for a moment just over the threshold, and then hurrying forward, " you have told him! Harry, your father has told you." The happy boy's first answer was to throw his arms around his mother's neck, and kiss her; then he said: " Yes, my own dear mother, he has told me, "Well, well—I trust we may all be happy together." She returned her son's kiss, and then added: " Come, breakfast is ready, and after you have eaten you had better go down and see the princess!" She took the boy's arm, and moved toward the breakfast room, continuing: " Tell her, Harry, that she may t>e your princess—and she shall be honoured fully in tha station; but I must be queen. She shall not rob me wholly of my boy. Oh! she must love me a little, so that I can keep ahold upon your heart, my preoious!" '•Love you I" repeated Harry, looking down into his mother's handsome faoe, while a proud and happy light shone from hie truthful eyes: You don't know she can love. Mother! you shall say— But wait—" " Yes, my son/ let us wait. She shall come to me tuis afternoon. I cannot wait lon?er." Then they sat down to the board, and while they ate the judge told to his son the story of the runaway horses, and of Mattie Lyon's grand heroism in saving the little child of the depOt-master. Harry listened with eager interest. It was the first he heard of it. Said the narrator, after he had told the story : " It was not alone the girl's heroic devotion to the ciuse of humanity, but it was the Bpirit which she manifested subsequently. I looted straight into her eyeB when sbe spoke, and I kn^w that she told the truth. She. was governed by a spirit that set duty above thought of self. In short, I saw in h*r—saw it not only in the deed then and there done—but saw it in her every look and tons—the stuff of which , Christian martyrs are made. And I said to myse'f, whon I knew who she was— Happy will be the man who gains that woman for his willing wife!' You know the rest, my boy." Tha meal was finished as happily as it had began; then Harry kissei his mother, and having promised her that; he would surely bring Mattie to see her daring the afternoon, he went with his father to the office, where he gave his assistance to the shaping of an important case for the docket. The old judge looked at him with a stransre, deep yearning, while he wrote— watched him as ha looked up his points of law for citation, and as he turned readily to old decisions for support. "Ah!" he murmured, with moistened eyes, " I don't know what I should have done, Harry, if you had really started to leave me ! But—never mind now, go oa. You are not going, you know." Early in the afternoon Harry Cirlton went down to the cottage of the ferryman, where he fouad Mtttie just ready to sit down to her sewing. She looked up as he entered, and a little, startled cry escaped her lips: • " Harry!—What is it ?" ' She had dropped her work, and arisen to her feet. He put his arms around her, and drew her to his bosom. " Mattie, darling. I have oome for you to go up and see my dear mother. I promised her that you would oome." " Harry!" He let her gaze for a few moments, and then, holding both her hands, and gazing through the gathering teara of joy, he told the story. "My own precious!" he said, in conclusion, "you shall never feel that my father has surrendered a prejudice iu your behalf, and that you come to us on sufferance, for he told me, freely and frankly, that he had not surrendered a prejudice at ail; you had surmounted them; he had found you noble and worthy; and would be both proud and happy to claim you for his daughter." Mattie was very happy—so happy that for a little time she could only cling to her lover's arms, and sob npon his bosom. But by-and-bye she became calm, and I oould speak rationally of the great joy. And she accepted the blessing in a manner that gave her lover new happiness, and new estimate of her worth. She did not act as though her lover's father had simply accorded to her even justice; nor did she seem to feel that they had given her no more than she had deserved; but she opened wide her heart, in a joyous, rapturous song of praise and thanksgiving, and blessed the parents of her dear lover for their goodness. She ran up to her chamber—Harry pardoned that little weakness—and put on her dress of pure white gossamer muslin, with a spray of tiny flowers at her breast; and with such simple adornments as were appropriate to her station, sbe was ready to set forth. She called to the boy who helped her father, and told him that she was going out, and then gave Harry her arm. Mattie Lyon had been sitting with Mrs. Carlton full two hours before they were disturbed, and during that time ehe had come nearer to the mother's heart than the woman had believed it possible for a human being, other than her husband and son, to oome. In short, from the very fir3t Mrs. Carlton had fallen in love with the beautiful girl; and when she had discovered the depth and the breadth of her intellect, and the measure of her moral quality, she gave to her her mother's heart, with all that a mother's heart can mean. And at the end of the two hours the judge came in. For a little while Mattie was nervous and anxious, but very quickly the old- fashioned gentleman put her at her ease, and ere long he caught the full sparkle and splendour of her surpassing loveliness; and she, in turn, was more than charmed with Ids warm and generous admiration. It was not such, admiration as flatters the giddy and the self-loving, but the deep and fervent sentiment of an admiring friend and helper, such as sinks to the heart, and warms and enlivens tbe spirit. She was more than charmed—she was blessed. And in the end, when the time had come for her departure, the eminent jurist—the man whose frown had caused many a man to tremble with awful dread—put forth his arms and said to her: " Come, my child—I must claim parent's privilege. I have given to you my heart, and I ask you to give to me your love and your confidence." She thought not of resistance—there was no sign [of hesitation—but with a great light upon her beautiful face, she rested upon his besom, lifted her lips and kissed him upon the cheek, and blessed him with her speech. It lacked half-au-hosr of Buaset when Harry and Mattie Lyon set forth from the Carlton mansion for the riverside cottage. They had reached the corner of the crossstreet that ran before the depdt, and parallel with the railroad, when their attention was attracted by two men who stood upon the platform of the station, where they had just arrived from towards the ferry. " Why do they look at ns so sharply, I wonder ?'' said Mattie, with a shrinking sensation. " Very likely they know that you are the heroine of yesterday's adventure,darling." " Really, I hope that is not to make me an object to be Btared at. But, Harry, i do not like the looks of those men. Tha older man looks like a—a—dangerous person." And Mattie Lyon went to her home, and went about her work, happy and jubilant, her heart filled to overflowing with a divine joy and gratitude; and yet, ever and anon, like as the shadow of a fleeting cloud will cross the beautifal sunshine, would the face she had seen upon the platform of the railroad station break in upon her happy thoughts, and oaBt a shuddering chill upon h«r. An hour later she had made ready the supper, and her father and his helpers came in and ate. Matthew Lyon saw the wondrous light upon bis daughter's face, and when they had been left alone she sat down by his side and told him its cause. Of course he wa3 happy. That his beloved child was to become a member of Judge Carlton's family did not give a single tinge of colour to his thoughts; but that his darling waB to be happy—that the true-hearted, brave and loyal Harry Carlton was to be her companion for life— was a joy indeed. He kissed her, and blessed her, and gave her to feel that she had his sympathy entirely. Later, after the lamps had been lighted, Mattie noticed that her father was in a deep and troublous study. His head was bent upon his hand, and he muttered to himself as though something perplexed him. She laid her hand upon his shoulder, and asked him what troubled him. He looked up with a start, and said it was nothing. And then, when he had reflected a moment, finding his child still regarding him with anxious looks, he said: "I was thinking, Mattie, of a dark, visaged man whom I brought over from the other side last evening, and whom I have seen again to-day, I cannot deny that that face troubles me. I have certainly seen it before; but where, or when, I cannot call to mind. I have thought and thought; I have gone over every important event of the past, and overhauled the whole list of men whom I have known, but that man I cannot locate." Then Mattie asked what the man had looked like. "There were two of them," said the ferryman; and he described them so that Mattie knew that they were the men whom she and Harry had seen upon the platform. And from that time the dark and sinister face troubled her more and more. CHAPTER IY. WE left the two dark-faced men— Victor and B/cbard Jordan—registered at the inu, however, as Louis and Gordon Hunter—on the platform of the station looking after tbe happy pair that had entered the ferryman's cottage. " Dick," said the elder of the twain, after the youth and maiden had disappeared within doors, " it strikes me that we are just about in Eeason. Egad! it looks as though our beauty had found a mate without our help." The younger man gave vent to a muttered oath, and ground his heel upon the plank beneath his feet. The man was really jealous ! He looked upon that fairfaced, handsome youth as an interloper, who would steal away that which belonged to him! " Ugh !" he grunted, after a bitter, degrading oath, and a fit of moody reflection, " we'll very soon put a stop to his galivanting! I wonder who he is." " We oan easily ascertain; and I think we had better do so; for, before we make a strike, we ought to know something of the girl's connections, and the force of aotive friendship that may be aroused in her behalf. I will ask this fellow. He saw them go in." He alluded to a porter who was overhauling a pile of baggage or freight matter near at hand. Victor Jordan approached him and asked, in a quiet, unobtrusive manner: " My good man, can you tell me who was that youth that just passed in company with Miss Lyon ?" The porter turned from his work and looked up. His countenance fell as his gaze rested npon the interlooutor, and at first it appeared as though he would not answer. He looked into the dark sinistsr faoe with an involuntary shudder, and it was plain to be seen that he was not pleased. However, he could not well refuse to answer so simple a question. " That, sir, was the son of Judge Carlton —Harry he is oalled." " Thank you." Then, turning]to his companion, he added, loud enough for the porter to hear: " I thought he was a Carlton. He looks very much as his father looked when of his age." And then, as though to avoid being questioned by the railway employi, the twain walked away. The porter rested from his labour, and looked after them as they moved toward the central square of the village. "Well!" he muttered to himself, "if there ain't a preoious pair, then I'll be blamed! By my life, I wouldn't care to meet them chaps after dark, in a lonesome plaoe, if I had anything that they wanted 1" Meantime, the twain of whom the honest toiler thus soliloquised had reached the long stretch of high board fence, where they stopped to consult. " Let nB see," said the elder, looking at his watoh, " we have time enough, I think, to finish all the ontside work this evening. Let ns go to the olerk's before dark. I do not think we shall have any difficulty there. Leave me to manage the matter." The town clerk of Ingleside was a little old man, named Artemas Basoom, a relic of the past, and almost the sole conservator of the earliest history of the village. He was also postmaster, and kept medicines and' oonfec< tionery, and newspapers, on Bale. His store, in one corner of whioh was the poet-office, was in the front part of his dwelling, and hiB only assistants were a Bon of abont two-andtwenty, crippled from birth, and an elder daughter, who had never married. On the afternoon in question, towards the Betting of the sun, two men entered the store and enquired for Mr. Basoom. The orippled son was in attendance, and when he had made snre that the visitors had bnsineBB in hand whioh only his father could attend to, he hobbled npon his crutohes to the bell poll, and ere long the little old man himBelf appeared, evidently disturbed at his sapper and not &t; all pleased. Viotor Jordan—for he it was—saw and understood the situation, " This iB Mr. Baaeom 7" Yes," rather crustily. " You are;the town clerk, I believe «' I am/* " I am sorry, my dear sir, thna to^disturb you; but my business is important, and my time is limited. I have oalled for the purpose of oonsulting your reoords, and be sure I will pay you well for the time you give me. I have made it a rule of my life to pay for tbe time whioh a man is oalled upon to give for my benefit." The visitor had hit the right spot. The old man, perhaps, did not love money more than did his neighbours; but for long and weary years he had plodded on, keeping his reoords, and oaring for the post, and, with the prooeeds of his trifling saleB, eking out a bare subsistence; so that a free gift, ooming to him unexpectedly, however small, was to him a God-send. " You wish to consult the town records, sir?" he said, quite affably. But tlfe question meant more than the mere spoken words would seem to convey—it plainly meant— " What may your business be with my reoords?" At all events, the visitor so understood it. " Yes," he replied. " I am from New Orleans, and am acting aB attorney for several estates that are now in process of settlement. I think there are heirs here in Ingleside—or, at least, I hope, from your reoords, to get on track of them. I am doubtful if any of the original parties are now living; but, if the; bave ever lived here, your books will show it. My name is Hunter—Louis Hunter. This it my son, Gordon." The old clerk bowed to tbe son, and then said: "If you will follow me, gentlemen, I will conduct you to the plaoe where the records can be consulted. Of course, you will readily understand that I do not allow them to go from my sight." {To be continued.) 